The summer passed in a blissful blur. Things finally went in the right direction, and he felt hopeful. He practically lived in the third bedroom to the left at the Three Broomsticks because he rented it almost every weekend. Perhaps a little ahead of himself, he'd paid through September at the end of August, though this filled the barman's pockets with gold. Mitchel Burke never gave a word of complaint. As a schoolteacher, she took the summers off; he pounded the pavement from the usual nine to five every Monday through Friday. With his demanding schedule, there were no sick days. Death stayed in high demand. Death and taxes, he'd once heard, were the two certainties of life. Someone always needed a hand with will or a trust, and there was always the good old standby of a casket brawl over the dearly departed. He laid beside her and caught his breath. Whenever the weekend rolled around, they made love. Whenever she was angry or happy, they made love. It was nothing more than a small bedroom, yet this was his new happy place. Minerva got up, saying nothing, and started to dress. Not wanting to ruin their perfect bubble of happiness, Elphinstone pretended not to notice. As long as he didn't bring up words like "proposal", or "engagement", or "forever", he tended to stay on her good side. Did marriage really matter, anyway? A secret love affair was nice. It wasn't even an affair because they weren't promised to other people, and he'd never want anyone else. At forty, nearly fifteen years ago, he had known in his bones that he'd found the person he wanted to spend the rest of his life with. Something still irked him. Minerva straightened her robes, sat back down on the bed, and started brushing her dark hair, determinedly not looking at him. She'd acted strange the entire weekend. "You can stay until Monday morning," he said, picking a conversation starter and going with it. Mitchel wouldn't care. "It'll stay with you." "I don't stay here," she said curtly, searching for her things. "I have a bedroom at the castle, and you live in London. How much money do you waste by not staying there? This...whatever we're doing, Elphinstone, this is wrong." Perhaps this was the reverend's daughter making an appearance. Like everyone, well, people like her, Minerva stayed within the lines and walked a fine line. Elphinstone wasn't religious. Funnily enough, this was never a problem between the two of them, though he imagined it would be the day he crossed paths with her parents. In his experience, things turned wrong when something went wrong or a twist altered the moral definition. Had he done or said something stupid? She didn't flee from the Three Broomsticks. It was late morning, and they'd both slept in. Minerva finished brushing her hair whilst he struggled to piece this together in his head. "Is it the age difference?" "No." Elphinstone nodded, guessing this answer might change in the future. "Okay." The minutes passed. She made the side of her bed and lay down on top of the covers, probably realizing she had no plans for a lazy day. He tried again. "It's because I was your boss, isn't it? You're afraid of what others might say or think." "I haven't worked for you for fifteen years, dearie, so it's safe to say that's not a problem." She actually turned to face him. "People know. There's Mitchel, and Amelia, and Mrs. Crouch, and I'm sure the headmaster knows." "There are others," he said, moving in the bed and climbing on top of her. They had the rest of the afternoon to get to the bottom of this, or maybe they'd get nowhere. Her anger, her agitation, pleased him. He kissed her, undressing her and ignoring the hour. "Love me, my love. Nobody else matters." Minerva groaned as he entered her, staring into his eyes. Elphinstone often forewent the foreplay and cut to the chase. "Tell me you love me." He fell into a rhythm. "I want you." Minerva kissed him passionately, crying out in pleasure. He loved that sound, yet he noticed sudden tears in her eyes, and Elphinstone slowed down. "It's ... it's nothing. It's fine. I'm ... you're fine." "I'm fine?" This ended their romance abruptly. He got out of bed and pulled on his clothes. A patient man, he rarely got angry with her, yet there were moments. Minerva McGonagall wasn't the easiest woman to get along with on a good or bad day. What she said wasn't the same thing. He got to the door, fishing a lighter and cigarettes out of his coat pocket. Opening the large picture window, made himself comfortable on the windowsill and stretched out his legs. He'd almost walked out of room. He lit up, agitated. "What the hell does that mean?" They'd been playing this game for almost five years. When they moved from friends to lovers, he'd thought he'd made a breakthrough. The sex pleased him. Every time she moved with him, he went mad, and he'd lived for that rush. It was never just sex, and in his eyes, they were never just friends. Elphinstone wasn't exactly young anymore. If he bothered putting on the charm or playing this game with any other woman, he'd be a married man. But none of them held a candle to her. Minerva left to use the bathroom and came back. "Elphinstone," she said, straight-faced. "Don't bother," he said, dismissing her convenient apology with a wave of his hand. He took a long drag on the cigarette. He wanted her to leave him alone. "This is complicated," she said, fixing the bed. "Because of the farmer's boy. I know." Elphinstone tired of this story, really, though he'd never tell her this. Elphinstone sniffed, thinking she probably imagined this Dougal McGregor making love to her every time they were together. The man wasn't coming back for her, no matter how much she wanted him. She wanted him. Furious, he left the room. When he reached the bar, Mitchel stopped wiping down the bar and ran a hand through his dirty blonde hair. "Morning. Late morning. What's wrong, mate?" "Women," he said savagely. Elphinstone stepped behind the bar. "Give me something to do, please." "Almost done," said Mitchel, reading over his checklist and smiling when Elphinstone began stocking the beer bottles, unpacking large cardboard boxes from the cellar. "What did she do?" Mitchel had been married for twenty-five years. Even if whatever Elphinstone said was ridiculous, he wouldn't laugh. Well, chances were, he'd get a good laugh out of this, yet he would give an honest answer. "Has Nina ever faked it?" Mitchel turned to him, confused for a moment. "What? Oh, oh, that. We've been together forever. Yeah, probably. Why? Is the professor playing with you?" "Mitchel." Elphinstone snapped at him, annoyed. Is that what this was? She needed to scratch an itch, and he was always dependably there like some faithful dog wagging its tail. He emptied the second box and locked the cupboard. "I hate you." Mitchel got the girl, and the establishment, and the children, and the grandchildren. Elphinstone himself found the middleman to weave all of Mitchel's real estate deals. Mitchel made it all look easy. He wasn't wealthy by any means, but he was well-off and his small granddaughter, Rosmerta, saw this place as a wonderland. Sundays afternoons were more laid back. Mitchel gave his wand a casual flick and the floors started mopping themselves and the tables cleaned themselves. "She loves you." "Does she?" Doubtful, Elphinstone broke down the cardboard boxes. "Elphinstone. That girl treats you better than anyone you've ever been with. Clara? Remember her? I don't even know if that's what she's called, honestly, if you want to know the truth. That's how forgettable she was. That was just sex." Mitchel walked around and sat on one of his barstools. He cleared his throat, slipping into his serious demeanor. He glanced over his shoulder, perhaps checking for his wife or his granddaughter. "I've talked to her. We talk a lot." "You and Minerva?" Elphinstone, surprised, frowned at him. Minerva acted as though she never thought much of the barman. Elphinstone paid for his drinks from last night. "I'm not buying that. Mitchel, anyone you've given a free drink to can be your friend." "I've never given her anything for free," said Mitchel, counting the coins before depositing them into his till. He plastered a smile on his face as Minerva came downstairs. "Professor McGonagall." "Morning, Mitchel," she said, taking care of her weekend expenses. "Afternoon, really," he said carelessly, shrugging it off. He nodded at Elphinstone. "Professor, tell this this what happens every third Thursday at five-thirty." "That's dinnertime," she said, waiting for him to count her money. Mitchel positively beamed at her. "See you Thursday, Mr. Burke." She left. Satisfied, Mitchel raised his eyebrows at Elphinstone. "I see your girl more than you do. Are you jealous?" "No." He lied straight through this teeth. As a lawyer, he was a practiced liar. After he'd learning his clients were a bunch of storytellers, Elphinstone added this weapon to his arsenal. It did nothing in regards to his best mate. When Mitchel reminded his of this, Elphinstone, getting angrier, left the establishment without saying goodbye He caught up with Minerva at the post office. "What's wrong you?" "Nothing." She headed towards the castle. When he grabbed her by the arm forced her to face him, her face fell. "I don't want to tell you. Because when I tell you, everything shifts." "All right," he said slowly, feeling quite wrong-footed. He couldn't imagine her with the farmer's boy, especially since he was a married man. She followed the rules. "Is there someone else?" "What? No." She looked scandalized, making him laugh despite the fact she was dead serious. Elphinstone kissed her. When they broke apart, she stepped back, not meeting his eyes again. "I think ... I'm pregnant." Elphinstone let her go. She interpreted his silence and started towards Hogwarts again. This wasn't completely unexpected; it only took once. They made love all the time, every time they were together, and something like this either happened or it didn't. They'd been lucky, honestly. He shrugged, deciding to go with it. Sure, he wasn't too comfortable around small children, and he'd be an older father, but this changed nothing. He called after her. "Minerva, wait." "I'll take care of it. It's nothing." She was visiting her father this week; she would leave for Caithness the next day. What would happen whenever this got out? Annoyed she hadn't even given him a moment to process this, he sped up and marched beside her. "We can do this. You don't know. I might be good at this, which means I might surprise you because I take care of my people." "You take care of your people at work," she clarified, stopping to face him when they reached her office on the first floor. She unlocked the door with a tap of her wand. "You don't want this." "You don't know that. I take care of my people? What is that nonsense?" He stepped over the threshold and stroked her face. "You are my people. I love you, and I will love you until the day I die." "Elphinstone," she said, walking over to her desk. He followed her, reached into his trousers pocket, and opened a jewelry box before placing it on her desk. She glanced at the sapphire and diamond ring. "You carry it everywhere?" "What can I say? I'm an optimist," he said evenly. If he ever got mugged in the street, he'd be in some serious trouble. There was another ring in this set, a ring he hoped to place on her finger on day. When she invited him to come with her tomorrow to meet her parents, he grinned like some eager