The Healer might as well as handed her a death sentence. Prudence Proctor walked the streets of Massachusetts in a catatonic state; she'd suspected something was wrong and her worst fears had been confirmed. Why had she needed to know? There were worse things, she supposed, but she felt empty. A homeless man wrapped in a stained traveling cloak grabbed her by the arm. A lot of so-called prophets littered the streets and scrapped by with a living this way for money; a few Dragots meant a meal and full belly for the night. Prue stood outside the clinic, wiped her eyes hastily with the sleeve of her robes, and conjured an umbrella as an afterthought. If you fed one pigeon, as her father used to say, you fed them all and ended up penniless with a bleeding heart. "A reading, ma'am?" asked the homeless man. "Oh, no. No, thank you," said Prue, hugging herself. She quickened her pace, but she tipped a couple Dragots into the man's battered guitar case. True Seers were a rare find indeed, and Prue got the results on parchment from a cold, distant Healer minutes ago. He followed her and shifted a spirit board, a Ouija board, under his arm. Annoyed, she turned around to tell him to back off. "You look lost," he said, placing the spirit board on an upturned trash can. In another trash can, there were bright blue flames that didn't extinguish despite the rain. He went back to his squatter's square under a bridge and waved her inside his makeshift dwelling. Prue added three more Dragots, until she realized he didn"y get the point. "I don't want your money, miss, but I'll take it. What do you wish to know? Your past life? Your husband? Your children?" He must've saw something flicker across her face, for he gave her a knowing smile and beckoned her closer. The man shook a dirty, probably flea ridden sheet and tossed a bundle of twigs upon it. This was Xylomancy, a form of Divination taught at school as an elective; she'd seen it, but Prue held no faith in the shaky art of fortune telling or any form of divination. She turned to leave, thanking the stranger, but she really must get going. "Let's see." The homeless man placed his hands on the pointer. When she turned, it was on the letter P. "Prudence Proctor," she said, deciding to humor him. Had he seen her Healer records or something? Maybe he read her name in the Chronicle because he heard she taught History of Magic at Ilvermorny School and recently written an academic paper on the Salem Witch Trials. She was a direct descendant of John Proctor, of Salem Village, Massachusetts Bay Colony. Knowing she read into nothing and made connections where none existed, she stayed to prove him wrong. "You moved that pointer." "Did I?" asked the man, shrugging. He let go and the triangular pointer zoomed back to the middle; next moment, it darted unmistakably back to the letter P. Prudence, who guessed he was no Leglimens, asked if he was skilled in telekinesis; he said no. Prue thanked him kindly, or so she hoped, and said she was going; a name meant nothing. He waited, speaking softly. "You did not ask about yourself. You asked about your child, ma'am, and it's a girl. The twigs say so." "A girl." Prue froze, angry. Though she'd spent years teaching at school, she had none of her own. She reached in her handbag and tossed him a roll of parchment. These people, the bottom of the food chain, fed off pain; they read people well. Had he heard the nurse talking to her outside Massachusetts Bay Memorial Hospital? "You know nothing. What does that say? Are you literate?" "Prudence Ruth Proctor, 32, infertile. Sterile." A flicker crossed his face and he studied her for a moment, wiping his dirty blonde hair out of his face; there was something there. Pity or pain? She had time for neither. "Prudence, please." "The joke's on you, sir. I rode my fiancé like clockwork like a fucking through-bred horse for seven years. We had nothing but that in the end. He said it was me ...and he left. David was right... he was right." The homeless man offered her the healing record, and she held it over the blue flame before casting into the fire. "None of it matters." "What you seek will come when you least expect it," he said, reciting a proverb off a fortune cookie or something. "Stop searching. Life isn't so difficult." She gave a harsh laugh. "Says who?" "I did," he said simply, raising his eyebrows. He saluted her. "Nice seeing you again, Prue." Prue froze. She stopped herself from giving him a jab, for he'd fallen on hard times, and it wasn't his fault. Her fiancé had lost his job at MACUSA last month. Well, he was her ex-fiancé, really, though Prudence kept reminding herself of this fact. What did he mean? Where had they crossed paths? When she started to ask the homeless man questions, he gathered his spirit board, winked at her, and Disapparated. The blue flames extinguished themselves. Prudence Proctor lived up to her name. Other than her run-in with the soothsayer or so-called prophet some seven years ago, she colored within the lines because the lines protected her, and life went on as usual. She was a blonde from Massachusetts, the wealthy part of the state. If she didn't want to lift a magical finger, she really didn't have to. At thirty-nine, she was slated to become the youngest headmistress at Ilvermorny. This would all be well and good, except an old story had cropped up, and she couldn't do anything about it at the moment. In the summertime, she spent her days in the sanctuary outside Romania, and she pretty much owed her life to Charlie Weasley at the moment for a welcome escape from the mundane. So what could she do? Prudence taught History of Magic at school; she joined the research team whilst in Romania. Everyone who was everyone came to study dragons here. She loved the chase. Prue set the copy of the New York Ghost on the nightstand and thought about what she'd just read. There was fact in there, cold, hard fact, but she had no dog in this fight. A Brazilian wizard, a handler of the infamous Vipertooths, laid beside her. Flashes of the night before ran through her mind, but it wasn't like this hadn't happened in the past. What was the use of being one of the two women on the tightly knit research team if nobody kept her bed warm at night? "Jorge? Jorge?" Prue groaned. The man slept through everything, but he preferred to cuddle as a sleeper, and she didn't have time for this. Carefully and deftly, Prue got out of bed, got dressed in light Muggle clothes, grabbed the latest editions of the papers, and headed downstairs. There was a small pub on the ground floor. A mop danced across the floors as it cleaned them. Charlie Weasley, red-haired and burly, nursed a couple new burns on his arms. Rolf Scamander, swarthy and built similarly to Charlie, read through academic publications. He sat with his wife, Luna, a woman in her early thirties who didn't appear to always be all there. Teams got assigned randomly, though Charlie held onto his people like a Welsh Green clung to a sheep. "Brazilians sleeping in this morning?" Rolf usually called Jaime Flores and Jorge Bello-Ríos, cousins by marriage, the Brazilian brothers. Charlie raised his eyebrows. "Oh, well, Jorge had a long night. You should really cast a Muffliato Charm, American girl, because the walls are thin. You wore my Brazilian out? What do you have there? I didn't know you could read." "Funny, funny, funny English man." Prue didn't humor him. Prue slapped his hand away and laid the copies of the New York Ghost and the Massachusetts Bay Chronicle on the table as she went to grab a coffee. She turned a large blue mug over and the coffee poured itself from the cafe. Prue downed the first cup right there and thanked the landlord for a refill. She headed back to the table and smiled when Charlie helped himself to the copy of the New York Ghost . "Long story short, and you'll find this funny, Charlie," said Prue, taking a seat and slipping her coffee. "Americans are racist." "Fact," said Rolf promptly. pointing at the ceiling. Charlie snorted and clapped him on the back, and he looked around, lost for support. "Oh, we're not playing that game? Charlie, warn people. It's a curtesy." "Nah, Scamander, nah." Charlie patted his shoulder sympathetically and poured him some tea. "That's a drunkard's game. Did you see Jaime?" "Where is Jaime?" Luna asked. Luna, coming back from her dreamy state, frowned at her. Rolf, the wide-awake, 24/7 man, took a clean plate off a stack and tapped it when his wand. It filled itself with scrambled eggs, pork, toast, and fruit; he handed it to Prue. The word peaked Charlie's interest, and he said it was totally worth it that Prue paid the extra money to get the spiel on the Americans, and he flipped through the pages. Charlie pounded the table. "Racist Americans, people, let's focus, shall we?" "That's an over exaggeration," said Rolf, handing Prue some wrapped silverware. As his grandmother was a graduate of the Ilvermorny School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, he had an understanding about the place. He scratched his greying beard, nudging Charlie and reading the article over his friend's shoulder. He conceded defeat. "All right, yes the way that reads, it's bad. Really bad. Unfortunately true." "Ha!" Prue pointed her fork at him and spread jam into her toast with a butter knife. Rolf checked the other paper. Charlie shared a confused look with Luna. "Scamander and Proctor know something we don't know. Share. Sharing is caring." "There is an American school of witchcraft in Massachusetts. There are four Houses," said Rolf, smirking when Charlie called their friends across the pond copy cats. He gave up on arguing that point, too, and Prue pointed out that a lot of stuff got modeled after England. He nodded at Prue. "This can't just be cropping up after almost four centuries." "No, but that's not the point," said Prue, shrugging. If the argument held, and it added fuel to the fire, it marked a scorch upon American magical history. "So, anyway, back to the story. The crests figures are named after creatures in Native American folklore." Rolf, a magi-zoologist and sometimes history buff knew a lot about a lot. "Different creatures from different tribes. Isolt Sayre, an Irish witch, clearly didn't know what she was doing. It's odd that those creatures would even be together geographically. We're talking about the States in the seventeenth century." Rolf Scamander, a globetrotter, had been to the United States on a number of occasions. Most of the time, he visited New York, and he almost always stayed in the Northeast. He phrased this carefully, nodding at the Brazilian when Jorge finally came downstairs. Jaime, it appeared, had Apparated back home to care for his ailing grandparents. Charlie had expected to lose him this summer, anyway, which is why he brought Prue into the fray as more than a tagalong. "Morning." Jorge went over to get coffee and brushed his finger on Prue's neck. "So, what you're saying," said Prue, tucking into her breakfast when Jorge sat down and Rolf filled him in hurried Portuguese, "is that Isolt might've wanted to connect the dots and she ventured into what she didn't know?" "Yes," said Rolf slowly, sounding like he didn't want to step on anyone's toes. He readily admitted he didn't know enough about Native American history to back this up. True, they had all picked a mythical creature, but