At age seven, Merton Graves's grandmother commented on his good hands and gave him two choices: piano or violin. Later on, he picked up the cello and found his heart in an instrument. Of course, learning the other string instrument helped. After all, to those who didn't know, a cello acted as nothing more than an upside down big brother of the violin, right? He lived on the streets and made the starving artist cliché damn near reality. At eighteen, he worked as a dishwasher at a shabby pub called Patches. A true artist starved for the good of his art. This was all really, really stupid, but he'd play this thing until he went to the grave. The double shifts kept him above the poverty line; he worked a lot to be headed nowhere. After shift, even an exhausting one, he donned casual clothes and parked his butt on the street corner and went to town on Posey. Posey was the name of his cello. He had another one called George, but George rarely wanted to come out and play, and Posey sounded better because she got more attention. This thin man in torn and ripped robes kept marking his territory. Graffiti artists had a similar problem. Merton had never tried his hand at this, but he'd witnessed good art erased on by an amateur. A quiet fellow with a battered case and not much else, Merton stood his ground and kept playing nonstop for the next hour. His foot acted as his metronome. Once in a while, though this was probably more for giggles from the gathering crowd than anything else, the wizard flicked a Knut into the case. There was Muggle money in there, too, and the Muggles who passed with their shopping parcels most likely thought this bloke was a nutter. The man disappeared for about fifteen minutes. Still, Merton played on. The man left his large yellow umbrella by the cello case, and if he wasn't coming back, Merton claimed that thing as his own. Every once in a while, he checked the time. At eleven past six, the man came back with a stocky, dark-haired bass player, and this homely wizard made himself at home! "Left-handed or right-handed?" The bass player spoke during a rest as his friend continued his pacing and disappearing nonchalant act. Although he was obviously skilled, the bass player had plugged into no electrical outlet and played the instrument fine. There were no amps. Ignoring him, Merton switched the position of the cello and transferred the bow. The bass player introduced himself as Donaghan Tremlett of the Weird Sisters. He'd quit playing first. "Bastard's ambidextrous. Do you see this shit Myron?" "I see it," said Myron. The fellow called Myron tossed a drawstring purple pouch into the cello case and offered Merton a hand. Merton, who regretted not taking a break when this man had left, couldn't move because his hands were severely cramped. He'd taken little rests here and there, though he'd kept his hands in play. Myron took the instrument and leaned it against the brick wall of the Muggle establishment. He pulled Merton to his feet. "Weird Sisters, mate," said Donaghan, sounding certain. Merton didn't buy this until Donaghan flexed his fingers and revealed his tattooed calf; there was a combined treble and bass chef there. Donaghan, laughing with his whole body, turned to Myron. "He's mute. This is excellent." "He's not mute," said Myron as he packed up the cello and locked the case. Myron spoke softly for a musician who shattered notes onstage. "Come. We're drinking." Merton stood there, silent, sure he was dreaming. "We. You, him, and me. We're drinking." Myron steered Merton back towards Patches. He radiated confidence and got two waitresses phone numbers right after they got served at a table. He read off the digits to them, smirking. "Anyone know how to use a telephone? She's pretty." Donaghan ate with his hands, keeping his eye on the instruments in the corner. Which one?" Myron jabbed at her with his thumb. "Nine o'clock." "Yeah, she's mine, mate. Thanks very much." After downing his drink in one, Donaghan snatched the napkin with the scribbled numbers on it and rushed off to chat up the waitress called Sarah with the excuse that his tankard had a mysterious malfunction: the thing was empty. "He's always doing that," said Myron, frowning. He thanked the other waitress for the fish and chips, although he seemed to have lost interest in her. Merton, seeing the man's tattoo sleeves under his tattered robes, decided this wasn't an intricate prank. "What of do you do for a living?" A line cook came by and sapped any hope of a cool story. Interrupting the chitchat, the line cook asked if Merton wanted his Saturday morning shift. Merton needed the money, so he said yes. Dejected, he winced when he turned back to the lead singer of the Weird Sisters. What an embarrassment! "I work here," he muttered as he accepted another cherry-flavored fizzy drink. Myron actually laughed as he spun his beer bottle cap like a top. He flicked it with his finger and lowered his tone. "Mate, I used to be the drowned rat at the Leaky Cauldron, and I pulled shifts at Flourish and Blotts to afford art supplies. Found a rat in the basin once. Squealed like a little girl. There's no shame in this game." "Really?" Merton's eyes widened in surprise. "You?" Myron grinned as he gave his sandwich to the frightened waiter and showed her it was raw. She acted mortified, but he merely asked for it to be sent back. As they waited for the food, Myron explained the Weird Sisters had formed when he was in school. There were currently seven members. Five of them, including Myron, were schoolboy friends. "Gideon said we needed another sound, suggested a violinist," said Myron. The flushed, nervous waitress came out with two plates and offered one to Merton; she called him Seth. She kept their drinks filled. Myron, grinning, split open a half chicken with a knife and told him to tuck in. "Who's Seth? My other waitress seems taken by this Seth. What's the use of being a famous musician if I can't get a date?" "I'm Seth Turner. It's my given name." Merton returned Myron's knowing smile. "Seth Turner is a brilliant cellist. He's my cellist." Myron gave him a high-five. Merton, stuck somewhere between disbelief and laughter, clasped his hand. Checking to make sure the coast was clear, Myron took out his wand and conjured a roll of parchment. It was a lengthy contract. Nobody had to make a decision now, but this was an opportunity to get out of the gutter. "Ever heard of us?" "The Weird Sisters? Are you kidding me?" Merton took the contract. "Ever heard us play?" "I'm a dishwasher. So, no, I haven't. I can't afford to go sir see a show, and I work on the weekends. I thought you'd be more hairy." Merton grinned. "That's stage presence," said Myron. "I listen to you lot on the WWN. You need to fix that bridge on 'Good Night'. The feedback loop?" "Damn it. I keep telling these people. Donaghan!" Myron pounded his fist on the wooden table. Merton, thinking he'd angered the lead singer and ruined his chance at a good shot, slouched in his chair. Donaghan came over with two tankards in his hands. "Feedback loop on the second verse. That's you." "It ain't. Here." Donaghan pointed out his waitress and frowned when Myron flicked flecks of breaded food at him. He set the tankards on the table, muttering that he guessed he wasn't going home with the girl. Myron gave him a look that clearly said so. "The feedback loop. It's there. Let's fix it." A feedback loop usually bounced off an echo in speakers. It was a problem, although in most cases it wasn't much of a problem, and it certainly never hindered the music so much that it bothered the crowd. As there were no speakers in the magical world, Merton didn't know how this got captured in the recording. A trained ear, a trained musician's ear would've caught this. It couldn't be an acoustic guitar. It might be a keyboard, but the keyboard might suffer some serious damage. "No. It's not that it shouldn't be there. I just want to hear you acknowledge it." Myron drummed his fingers on the table. What was the point of taking it out if nobody said it was wrong? He nodded at Merton. "Good ear." "Er, thanks." Merton might've learned music at his grandmother's knee, but he knew a thing or two. "Seth Turner sounds boring as a stage name," said Donaghan. He acted like one of the originals of the group. If this was so, Merton assumed the bass guitarist was one of Myron's best mates. It was something to come from within the inner circle. "Merton Graves works." The sides of Myron's mouth twitched; he insisted Merton be both. A man didn't have to lose his soul to play on a stage. "Where'd you get it?" Merton hesitated. The story was a boring one. "I stole it off the gravestone of a Merton Collins." Donaghan sounded impressed. "Stole a name off a dead man, did you, Seth? He ain't missing it." "Merton. Listen, we've been around for a bit. Seven or eight years? Been playing for a decade. People come and people go." Myron clapped his hands together and sounded strangely businesslike. Donaghan and Myron saw this as a lucrative career, and it wasn't about the girls. "We had a string instrument man. Two of them." Merton asked the obvious question. There were five others in this group, and he understood he wasn't officially in the in crowd or the inner circle. "What happened?" "One had a nasty affair with Miss Warbeck," said Donaghan, checking Myron's fixed expression before he answered. The names stayed out of the confession. This one Merton had read about in Witch Weekly . "The other one drank himself out. Drugs. The hard stuff." "No drama and no drugs. No excessive drinking." Myron gave Merton his warning, and although he didn't say it, Merton felt this was the only one he'd get. If two violinists had already crossed the line, his patience wore thin with string men. "Are we cool?" "Yeah. Yes, sir." Merton stopped with Donaghan gave a shaky chuckle and clapped his old friend on the back. "Not a sir. I've learned stuff along the way." Myron examined the stripped chicken bones. He paid for the meal in Sickles and Galleons and did not realize this until they got outside. Donaghan had the instruments."Damn." "Leave it. She might want to find her rich man," suggested Donaghan. He sighed when Merton went to go clear up his mistake. Merton blocked the table from the waitress when he went back in. He bumped into her on purpose at the swinging doors leading into the kitchens. And three tall glasses splashed her blouse. When her back was turned, he cast a Currency Charm and changed the coins into Muggle money. "Oh, no! Sarah, did I do that? Damn." Merton stripped off his coat and handed it to her. After he rushed into the kitchen and served her table, Sarah the waitress asked after Donaghan and slipped Merton a note scribbled on the back of a receipt. He thanked her and delivered the message. "From Sarah." "Oooh, nice one. Can we keep him, Myron? He's a good owl. Yes." Donaghan patted Merton on the cheek like a caring grandmother. All three of them laughed. "Not a dog." Myron pulled Merton back animatedly and groaned when Donaghan vowed to marry this girl. He reached into his robes and handed Merton two tickets. Donaghan, burdened by the cargo, breathed heavily as he followed them down the street, asked Merton to spell sweet Sarah's name. "He goes