He'd accepted life as a bachelor. Being a Scamander made Rolf weird, make no mistake, but he liked it. It was not simply the nickname. When he was a small boy, Rolf's grandfather had said things fell into place. They usually worked themselves out for better or worse; these things took time if he waited. At the moment, he focused on making sure the grandparents landed on their feet, and he went where he was needed. Rolf knew if he were a woman, he'd be worried about his biological clock; he was nearing thirty. He had no prospects, but he was luckily of the other persuasion; thirty, the big three oh made him fell like he readied himself to hit a brick wall. He was a stocky, swarthy man who spent all his time among beasts and creatures. Since his agéd grandfather, the famous Newt Scamander was deaf and going blind, Rolf visited in the summertime and forever called Dorset home. No longer reddish brown-haired and lithe, Newt Scamander moved like a crab these days, a crab with creaky parts, though he was still skinny. He sometimes needed help up the stairs because he was a little shaky with Apparition, but as he remained on the right side of the grass, he didn't complain much. Rolf tapped on the trusty suitcase and climbed down the ladder, holding a lantern aloft. "Grandad it's three in the morning," he said. Rolf was up because he needed to tend Kowalski Keep. His days started a t three in the morning and ended at around seven in the evening. Newt ran the magi-zoo, a cloaked exhibit within London Zoo. Well, these days if they were being completely honest, Rolf ran it and did all the behind-the-scenes work. "What're you doing?" Rolf set the lantern on the worktable and pulled up a chair; he spun it around with a quick hand. There were newly healed burns on his arms. Before his grandfather really started going downhill, and it was a lightning speed switch, Rolf had divided his time between dragons in Romania and the other beasts. "Couldn't sleep." Newt whistled a tune and gathered his gloves and things. Rolf followed. He'd been around these creatures with his grandfather since before he could walk. At the ripe old age of one hundred, Newt clung to his independence for dear life, so Rolf stayed right behind him and kept his distance. "You're a good boy, Frank, but you don't need that girl. I keep telling you you're going to trap yourself if you're not careful." Rolf sighed. Half of the time, Newt thought Rolf was his father, Francis; Rolf favored his good for nothing mother he never met, so he didn't really understand the confusion. Rolf's grandmother said he sounded like his father, and he did favor Frank, whether neither Rolf nor Frank chose to see it. Frank, the deadbeat dad who loved his layabouts and his money, got cut off from the family. Rolf had been bounced between his father and grandparents throughout his childhood. And the elder parents saved his life. "It already happened, Grandad. On the bright side? You like Little Newt." Rolf stopped when his grandfather patted his cheek and seemed to wake up. They went into the Mooncalves enclosure and feed the creatures. Newt muttered they cut it short, as the sun would soon be up; the exhibit was forever set on a moonlight setting, so this hardly mattered. "I can handle this. Jot down a list." "A list, a list, you'll tire of that damn thing. Like a never-ending story, Little Newt." Newt shuffled over to the other side and tossed grubs about. On his way back towards his grandson, he fell. Something went wrong. As he fought to get up, he slapped Rolf's hand away, slipped again, and grabbed for his coat. "Damn it. My hip." "Leave the pail. You feed them too much anyway, and lean on me. I've got you, Grandad, here we go." Rolf held him like a small child, careful with his legs, and Disapparated. They Apparated into the sitting room, and Rolf laid him out on the couch. He heard light snoring and noticed a young girl with blonde hair fast asleep on the comfortable couch. He lowered his voice and mended his grandfather's hip with some quick wandwork. "Who's that? Who's the girl?" Rolf went over and covered the girl with a light blanket he got off the back of his grandfather's couch. She stirred a little before she curled up and dozed off again. "Oh, sure, let's help the pretty girl before we check on the old man." Newt grinned toothily and snorted when Rolf apologized. "Pretty, isn't she? She has this little plant friend, but I don't think they're involved. And he's actually not that little." "Stop. Why do you insist on playing matchmaker?" Rolf blushed, thankful there was no light in the sitting room. The smooth talking house-elf, Noah, had no doubt been around to extinguish them and would be up around seven to start the day. When he went to tuck the blanket around her, she rested her hand on his arm and drowsily called him Mr. Scamander. He cursed when she opened her eyes; they were a startling bluish-silver. Rolf feared he unintentionally insulted her. "Damn it. Not you. I'm going ... I'm going back over ... there." Rolf pointed over his shoulder and backed off like she was a Hippogriff. Newt pulled himself into a sitting position and snorted. He cackled like a witch, dragging the awkwardness out. He froze when she introduced herself as Luna Lovegood, a possible candidate for his internship and sat up, patting the spot beside her. "You're Newt Scamander, too, named after him," she said, stating this as a matter-of-fact. Luna didn't blink often, and Rolf got lost in her eyes. "Yes." He crossed his legs. It wasn't until Ninja the Niffler crawled out of the suitcase that Rolf realized he left it open. Quick for first thing in the morning, the very early morning, he snatched the Niffler after it nicked Luna's earrings, and Rolf hauled it back into the case and locked it with his wand. He went back to Luna and opened his hand. "You really shouldn't sleep with radishes in your ears, Miss Lovegood." His grandfather had started nodding off. "You think they are strange," she said, setting them on the side table. Unlike most people who would have panicked when the Niffler had attacked her, Luna had cuddled the thing and assisted it with the robbery. A couple Kneazles, Milly and Mauler, had nestled themselves by her feet, a converged furry ball of fluff. Rolf shook his head, unconsciously reciting his grandmother's line about the world being strange. "We simply find a way to fit into the strangeness." Rolf conjured a tray of coffee and tea. Luna positively beamed at him. He didn't know that his grandfather had already put out feelers for an apprentice in the Daily Prophet and the Quibbler , and apparently, the New York Ghost . Of course, whenever Newt needed something done, he hit the ground running, or in his case, hobbling, so this shouldn't have surprised him. Luna had read about it in the Quibbler . After the end of the war, the Quibbler , a rag for the weirdos or those who needed a laugh, got quite the following and the readership shot up. "Rolf loves that paper," said Newt. "Do you? My father's the editor." Luna didn't have to bother asking whether she had the job. Rolf said he usually set off at five. He put in a good twelve or fourteen hours at Kowalski Keep. "Excellent." "Oh, you don't have to come," said Rolf. He knocked up a quick breakfast of scrambled eggs and fried potatoes. After breakfast, Luna went to get ready for the day with her red rucksack. Rolf told her she could start on Wednesday or Thursday because anyone who was anyone hated Mondays. "Rolf, are you turning down help?" Newt wagged a finger at him like like he told off his old friend, Felix the Niffler. Rolf shrugged. "Do you want to come home at five or seven? Shave off some of that time, and show Miss Lovegood the ropes." "Okay. Let's do this. If you come to the Keep, Grandad, and I'm not saying you should, it's a light day for you. You tell Gran happened," said Rolf. Newt grimaced. Even with the healing spell, the hip got repaired a lot and caused problems. He conjured his walking stick. "You tell Gran." He didn't have time for this argument. Rolf took Luna by the hand, and they Disapparated. When they appeared at the London Zoo, he dropped her hand. He asked her if she had any plans. She said no, which was good, because he advised her to clear her schedule for the foreseeable future. The London Zoo, of course, wasn't open this early, so he snuck in, passed the security guard, and they approached the tiger exhibit. "Link. Lincoln. Link?" Rolf took a wrapped, chopped up steak chunks and waved them at the young male. He nudged Luna, explaining this was part of the morning ritual because Link didn't like mornings. The tiger sauntered over as Rolf put his arm through the glass and the barrier shimmered. Bending over the wooden plague, pretending to read it, Rolf said, clearly and calmly, "Mr. Newt R. Scamander requests entry into Kowalski Keep." After a quick wand screening and an American recording of 'Scamander', the barrier disappeared. He took Luna by the arm, looked both ways for Muggles like he crossed the road, and vanished into the magi-zoo. Rolf considered himself a reasonable man. People might not think he was sane, thanks to his grandfather, but he had a level head on his shoulders. He had some street smarts, and he understood how to manage money. Three years in running Kowalski Keep solo with Luna's helping hand, he got a visitor on the back of a large Welsh Green at five in the morning. "Guess who this is?" Charlie Weasley jumped down and stroked the beauty. "No idea. How in the hell did you get this thing through the London Zoo?" In their sixth-year at Hogwarts, Rolf and Charlie had both been recruited to join dragon research in Romania. Charlie stayed. A little cautious, Rolf reached up and stroked the dragon as Charlie said the Muggles would buy any story; he'd claimed to have a shipment of elephants. Rolf noticed burns covered his arms. When the dragon bowed its head like a trusting Hippogriff, Rolf climbed onto its back. He guessed it was a male, given it's more docile demeanor. "It's all right, Miles. Daddy's forgotten you. That's abandonment, Scamander, but you know. Whatever." Charlie clapped his hands together and signaled to the dragon. "This is Miles. Miles? My Miles? Ha, ha. Oh, wait." Rolf screamed, repositioned himself, and sat upright as the large beast expanded its majestic wings and took to the grey skies in the lush, green fields. It had been years, more years than he liked to admit since he'd ridden a dragon. It felt fantastic! He gripped the scales and kicked Miles's right side, testing him. Wizards and witches usually rode brooms and sometimes magic carpets abroad. Miles veered to the right at the slightest touch and zoomed around the keep. Once he got comfortable, which took no time at all to get back, he went by and grabbed Luna. She said no at first until Charlie said it was like riding a trained thestral. Exhilaration filled him. Rolf remembered pure freedom from Romania; the boundaries faded away. He settled Luna behind him, not wanting her to miss a moment of this, and rested his breathing when she latched on for dear life. Her dirty blonde hair hit him in the face. "I was there when Miles hatched," he said, raising his