Gideon Prewett clutched his broken left hand as he ran down the street. When was he going to stop making these foolish mistakes? He'd been with the Order of the Phoenix for years, practically since its inception, yet things always circled back to this. At least, he thought as he hobbled back home clutching his useless shattered stump, he hadn't been Splinched. He wasn't that fond of Apparition, for he preferred to travel by broom. It was safer, and frankly, he felt he had more control. As he touched the deep wound he'd received on his shoulder, Gideon felt faint. He'd felt his skin tear on that one. He'd told himself that his shoulder had simply popped out of place. That had happened too, yet that was beside the point, and the injury certainly didn't block out or numb the rest of the excruciating pain. He knopounded on his brother's front door. He called out in French. Nobody came. Gideon considered his words carefully, played the plea back through his mind, and he switched to English. "Fabian, open the door!" Gideon worked for the Department of International Magical Cooperation. He jumped back and forth between France and England so often these days, the man no longer owned property on home soil. He'd sold his comfortable home outside of London a few years ago because this place felt more like a holiday place than a home. He'd hadn't planned on being back, really, but he hadn't planned on a lot of things. As he stood on his brother's doorstep reflecting on his sorry life, Gideon decided he needed to pick a place to call home. England or France? England or France? His ulcers had nothing to do with these late nighttime strolls. Fabian, drowsy from sleep, opened the door. He'd thankfully dropped the security measures for whatever reason. When he saw his brother, Fabian cursed and supported Gideon, who had started shaky uncontrollably, into the sitting room. They were both stocky men with thick auburn hair and hazel eyes; they were each other's doppelgänger, which came in rather handy these days whilst on assignment for the Order of the Phoenix. "What happened?" Fabian deposited his brother on the couch and fumbled around the sitting room for a light. He found his wand and pointed it at the grate; flames appeared in the fireplace. "I don't know. I think I'm his favorite punching bag ... Macnair went after me again. Can you believe that?" Gideon fought the urge to lie down. He turned at an odd angle, offering his brother his arm. He reached inside his robes and slammed a silver lighter on the coffee table. Gritting his teeth, breathing through pain, he said, "Pop it back in." "Were you Splinched? I need better light." Fabian found nothing and perched himself on the edge of the coffee table. He gripped Gideon's injured arm, wrapped the shoulder wound after cleaning it, although he did a quick job in this dimly lit setting, and prepared to set it. "Are we good?" Gideon nodded, his eyes already watering as he expected the fresh wave. Fabian set the arm without warning, and Gideon shot choice words at him, switching between English to French with ease. Fabian reset his hand as well without skipping a beat, apparently saving his apology for when this was over. Gideon laid down and buried his face in the couch cushion, hoping he'd pass out. He got no such luck. When Fabian finished, he'd reeled off whatever he'd fixed like it was better to hear it all in a rush. The apology hardly seemed worth it. Gideon translated his last explicative into plain English. "I hate you, wanker." "He also said he hated your mother, which means no sense whatsoever," said Emmeline, walking downstairs and holding a taper aloft. Her dark hair fell down her back in a single plait. She wore a dressing gown, though there was no hiding her figure anymore these days. She rested her hand on her belly and placed the other on the bannister. She spoke to her husband in rapid French. Fabian cleared his mess with a lazy flick of his wand. "We speak English in this household, people." "I'm fine," said Gideon, smiling weakly at his brother. Emmeline passed through the sitting room and entered the kitchen. She busied herself there, but she gave her own thoughts in her native tongue in passing. Emmeline usually got the last word. Gideon smirked at his brother as he got comfortable on the couch. "You don't want that translation, brother." "Oh, yeah? Well, well, at least my grandfather isn't psychotic," said Fabian, recycling his old standby. Emmeline returned into the sitting room and set a wooden tray on the coffee table. She lifted her husband's head and placed it in her lap before she gave him a good, long kiss. "You two act like newlyweds," commented Fabian, helping himself to Gideon's coffee. He gestured around the place as he got to his feet. "These walls are thin. I heard Madame Saint-Luc here screaming for hours last night before you stepped out." "Sorry," Emmeline and Gideon apologized. Gideon actually wasn't that sorry because he hadn't been intimate with his wife in months. He didn't know what had changed her mind, but he certainly enjoyed the hormones. "At least someone's getting some." Fabian rubbed his hands together before he reached out to touch Emmeline. She closed her eyes, tired, and shifted his hand. She was an only child, yet she considered Fabian as a brother when she and Gideon had tied the knot ten years ago in Calais. Fabian smiled. "So, this is why you're not sleeping. You think this one is going to stick?" "I hope so." Emmeline didn't sound certain. She'd abandoned hope ages ago. Emmeline didn't let just anyone touch her. They had tried and failed to have a child for years. Her grandfather, a man who lived in the past, called it an heir. Nicolas Flamel asked for a great-grandson. Emmeline, who had jumped back and forth across the English Channel, had dropped her French accent. It came back when she changed tongues; she sounded like another person. She'd also adopted the sometimes surname Vance. She relaxed, chuckling a little when Fabian started speaking in a babyish tone to her belly. Gideon squeezed her hand. "Go to bed." "No." Emmeline shook her head as Fabian headed upstairs. It was slowly getting light outside and he had the day off. Emmeline rested her chin in her head, sounding like she fought sleep. "Are you going to tell me what happened?" Gideon rolled onto his good side and faced the couch cushions. "No?" Emmeline accepted the answer for the moment because both of them were too tired. She sat there for a while and played with the silver lighter. Shadows danced on the walls, and she kept the fire going. The candlelight went out. "Are you sleeping?" Gideon considered lying because he was nearly there. She worked as a negotiator for the Paris and Marseille divisions; they held the same careers and sat in different seats. When things boiled right down to it, Gideon acted like a double agent between the two countries; he played the role of the peacemaker for a handful of European countries. He understood a little this and that and liked playing the game. Interpreters gravitated towards him, although he didn't quite get the attraction. "I think I have a problem," he confessed, reaching out to take Professor Dumbledore's lighter and place it on the coffee table again. Emmeline got up and stood by the open window. Her dressing gown had slipped open, revealing a silk nightgown underneath. She opened the trinket and an orb of light zoomed inside it. Gideon, amazed, raised his head. "How did you do that?" "Oh, this?" Emmeline opened the trinket again and released the light. She tossed it in the air and caught it. "He's not a smoker. He crafted one for my grandmother." Emmeline's grandmother, Jacqueline Saint-Luc, was hands down the most interesting old woman Gideon had ever had the pleasure of meeting. She was a plain Frenchwoman from the countryside, and she appeared to be nothing at first glance. Jacqueline got handpicked by Albus Dumbledore at sixteen to become Nicolas Flamel's apprentice; Dumbledore asked to chose his replacement before he'd left Paris. He'd moved on to greater things. Jacqueline had fair, olive skin and wore her hair in a single braid. She neared eighty now, though you definitely couldn't tell by her appearance. Jacqueline shared a longtime friendship with Dumbledore. "He gave her one of these when she finally stopped smoking." Emmeline examined the thing by the firelight after she heaved a couple logs into the grate. "Because that makes perfect sense," said Gideon, completely confused. Professor Dumbledore was a mystery to him. "Hers actually lights up. Jacqueline thinks it's funny." Emmeline called her grandmother by her first name. It was an age thing, Gideon suspected. Her grandfather, Papa, Philippe, held the post of Transfiguration teacher at Beauxbatons Academy. Emmeline smiled at him, perhaps thinking he'd enjoy the story, but her face fell when he said nothing. "What is it?" Gideon sat up gingerly and fingered his side, checking Fabian's handy work. Repaired ribs made it easier to breathe. He bought his hands together, laying his thoughts on the table. He wanted to discuss Nicolas Flamel. Why would he care about about Jacqueline's great grandchildren? True, they had passed the mark, so the child was viable or whatever, but why would an renowned alchemist take sudden interest? Gideon had never met the man. In truth, this moment could wait forever as far as he was concerned, for he'd heard Flamel was cynical and cold-hearted. Gideon shook his head, telling himself a complicated conversation would get them nowhere. "I got beat up the night we returned home, and I'm trying to convince myself not to go back to Paris. We haven't even unpacked." Gideon nodded at their bags by the staircase. Enmeline, frowning at him and setting the lighter down, sat down beside him and covered herself with a knit blanket. Molly had made it. Gideon had an orange and blue one laying on the back of his couch in the Parisian flat. Although they had moved back, he had refused to sell the flat. It was in a good location for one thing, and whatever Emmeline said to the contrary, they were going back. "I hate it here." Gideon despised the war that had lasted for nearly ten years. It had somehow not crossed the Channel, though if things continued down this path, that would hardly matter. He missed smoking. He'd kicked the habit last year and still found the nicotine pull excruciating. "Relax." Even though he tried to pull away, Emmeline snatched his hand and placed it on her side. The kid got wedged in a tight spot. "This calms you down. Don't act like I don't know you, Gideon. We discussed this to death when you received that owl from Fabian last month. You can either stay here or there, but you can't have it both ways. I can't. Remember what it took to get reassigned here?" "I know," he said, dejected. Gideon slumped his shoulders. He took the bottle Emmeline conjured and downed its synthetic cherry-favored contents in one. He repeated what they agreed on back to her. "We stay put for six months, or least until the baby arrives, and we go from there. I picked here." "Deal with it. You're going through this stuff like water. I'm going to have an English child, but you don't hear me complaining." She laughed with him, making light of the situation and pulling playfully at his robes. "Take me back." Gideon really thought she should not toy with him because he just might take her up on the offer. Paris had its negatives, too. He'd found a rat in his kitchen basin once and