Elphinstone Urquart set the pace. The night he kissed her goodnight, a sense of euphoria filled him, followed by dread, and this led to despair and a sense of hope. A cup of hot cocoa or hot chocolate ended on a good note, yet he didn't what this meant. Did it happen? Did it not happen? And in the sense nothing happened on the doorstep, how exactly was he supposed to act around this girl? Minerva McGonagall wasn't a girl, strictly speaking, and she held her own in an argument. If she wasn't working at the Ministry any longer, perhaps they'd never see each other again, and he could erase this from his memory. But he couldn't. Sleep evaded him, taunted him, really, so the bedroom aggravated him and he lay awake for hours. Of course, the alarm clock reminded him only minutes passed. Embarrassment paralyzed him. This girl toyed with him. Elphinstone kept his personal and his professional life separate because things got complicated with unnecessary drama; a demanding law career needed a healthy release to keep him sane. She'd started teaching at Hogwarts in mid-December, a mere five days ago, so he technically should not have drawn her back in by inviting her to the Christmas party. Someone knocked on the door. Still in his clothes, Elphinstone got up and went to answer it. Who could come calling at this hour? Minerva stood there for a fraction of a second, turned and decided against it. Elphinstone knew he crossed the line here; he invited her in with a boring line when she showed him the spare key and patted her neck, even though no hair fell out of place. She bit her lower lip, hesitant and uncertain, and he found this enduring. "Your key." Minerva held it out and sat on the leather couch. He told her to keep it, and she set it on the polished coffee table. Elphinstone pointed his wand at the grate and flames erupted there. Tomorrow, today actually, was Saturday morning, so neither of them had work tomorrow. She placed one foot behind the other, self-conscious, and said yes to a drink when he offered her one. "This is the house on Napier Street." "This is it." Elphinstone used his house in a handful of examples for the law students he trained at the Ministry. She nodded, commenting on the cleanliness. Elphinstone chuckled, admitting real estate stayed on the straight and narrow, so he rather enjoyed his will, trusts and estates as his true speciality. The decanter on the cabinet poured two generous drinks and floated over to them after he performed simple magic, and he grabbed something to nibble on. "You came all this way to return a house key?" "Yes," she said evasively, pretending to fix her shoe. Elphinstone swirled his glass and relaxed when she caught hers. "You've never had a drink before." Minerva shook her head. Elphinstone flicked his wand at the glass and transfigured it into a fizzy drink. Whenever she got around to it, and it wasn't going to be tonight or this morning, he instructed her to take a deep breath in and down the whole drink in one. It stung a little, but it reminded him of taking a vile potion. She nodded. "Mr. Urquart." Her lips, her soft features, made him lose all concentration, and Elphinstone got a jolt at hearing his name. He said she looked nice in her midnight blue robes, and she said his name again, a little flushed. Elphinstone reached out and caressed her cheek with the back of his hand. "May I kiss you?" He ought to have asked her this same question on her doorstep. Minerva nodded. Elphinstone smiled, expecting a no. He decided against it, pulling away last minute when she inclined her head. He liked this girl, really liked her, yet she was a reverend's daughter. They swapped stories and fell into a natural rhythm. She did not act like a young woman, something he'd mistaken earlier this evening, for she acted well beyond her years. Elphinstone drained his glass and flipped it over on the coffee table. Minerva raised her eyebrows in surprise at the practiced move. "The barman at the Three Broomsticks? Dirk Bode? He taught me a handful of things I probably shouldn't know." "Why?" Elphinstone fished his smokes and a cigarette lighter out of his pocket. He placed one in between his teeth and shook the parcel at her, offering her one, though he expected her to turn him down. She did the right thing. He lit one and took a long drag. "My father, Silas, turned to drink when my mother died." "I'm sorry." "Life happens." Elphinstone tapped the cigarette on his ashtray and shrugged off his comment. "You're Scottish. You get my jokes and you laugh at them … you don't have to. Where are you from?" "Caithness," she said, leaning back on the couch and leaving her drink on the table. "You?" "Stirling. Though I've lived in London since I was eighteen." He snorted when she said he sounded like it, but he swung between English until the brogue slipped in after a while. Elphinstone said he got this a lot from clients. Before they knew it, it was seven in the morning. "Well, you better get going, Professor McGonagall." Before he said goodbye, she kissed him with the boldness of a Gryffindor, soft at first and more insistent. Elphinstone rested a hand on the small of her back and kissed her back. One kiss led to another, and Elphinstone moaned when she pressed him up against the wall. Instead of taking things deeper, he held up his hands. "I should go," she said softly. Elphinstone, nodded, struck dumb, and took a blue traveling cloak off his coat rack. Minerva draped the cloak over her arm and left after calling him Mr. Urquart again and thanking him for a pleasant evening. Exhausted and exhilarated, Elphinstone collapsed into the couch, completely taken by some Scottish girl. At thirty-eight, he'd fallen for some novice Transfiguration teacher who probably didn't think twice about what happened her. Her confidence, despite her plain looks, drew him in and intoxicated him. What was he doing? Elphinstone buried his face in his hands. He saw the plain young woman with the tight bun and tried to forget this evening and this morning ever happened. He'd have a better shot of cutting off his left arm. Forget sleep. He lost a lot of sleep over this girl, and Elphinstone carried on an all too familiar relationship with insomnia. Some part of him blamed the generation gap for this negative connotation, for a part of him knew she hated it. A staunch feminist, Minerva took a stance and held onto her beliefs for dear life. A stereotype labelled people. Instead of thinking she portrayed one of those people who beat Jesus into people and carried the Bible anywhere and everywhere, Elphinstone kept his judgments and assumptions off the table. An employee turned into a friend, and for now, he liked the direction their relationship headed; his head reasoned well, but his heart yearned for more. A generation, almost twenty years, separated them. She went on to be a talented, invaluable asset to the Hogwarts staff and she didn't look back. People often viewed London under the influence of a Cheering Charm, the rosy-eyed effect, or they adapted to it, or some of them ran from the city screaming. Minerva swore she simply left. The day Elphinstone saw her flipping through her Bible, he half-expected it to resemble one those secret stashes with the pages cut out. "Do smugglers do that?" "Sometimes. Well, no, nobody needs to hide out in the open." Minerva missed the first half of this conversation or statement, yet she'd cottoned on to the last bit. She asked him to sit across from her and counted out Muggle money like a skilled teller or a goblin handling a vault. She counted twice, the second time out loud, and stashed bills into an envelope and slid it over to him. "My father hides money in pew, the third row in the left, to keep it from parishioners' prying eyes, but you did not hear this from me. They call him a squirrelly man." "Why? Oh, because he stashes stuff, yes," said Elphinstone, catching on a few moments later. Religion and faith stood out in his mind as polar opposites. Religion held no place for him. He stayed faithful to his people and those around him. The more he learned and saw of Minerva, she shied away from her family whilst holding onto the important bits and shifted into her own person. A month passed since the Christmas party. "You stash money in your Bible." Elphinstone accepted an ice-cream float from the overweight proprietor, Madam Puddifoot, and drummed his fingers on the table. Delighted in the small details she dropped here and there, he nudged her further. "Does your father know?" Minerva narrowed her eyes for a moment and turned the Bible towards him, turning to the front cover. Someone had scrawled something there in a narrow script. "'Whenever we fear the light or the night, it helps to remember we are never alone, Robert. Left or right? It's your choice.'" Elphinstone read the inscription, surprised it wasn't scripture copied from the text. Next moment, Minerva turned to a passage in Jeremiah and indicated a grayscale photograph of a thin man, the Reverend McGonagall, Elphinstone guessed, reading a book to a chubby little girl. "That's you." Minerva closed the book and rested her hands on it. She addressed the envelope to Benjy Fenwick and reached out to take Elphinstone's hand. They said nothing for a while and fell into a comfortable silence. Elphinstone played with a jewelry box in his pocket and rallied the courage for a step he hadn't fell like taking today. Elphinstone threw out this question as a mere distraction. "When's your father's birthday?" "February 29, 1916." Elphinstone choked on his treat and took a moment to compose himself. This was his birthday! He got up, probably making her panic, and for whatever reason, he decided it was now or never. The moment he got on one knee, he regretted making this move because panic and surprise etched itself onto her features. As a child, Elphinstone had stammered his way through the simplest sentences, and the crutch popped up at an inconvenient time. Completely taken off his guard, Elphinstone imagined himself as a pudgy little boy. I … I love you … and I want to spend the rest of my life … my life with … with someone … I love you." Elphinstone, ashamed and humiliated, got to his feet and dashed from the teashop without another word. The words, simple phrases, played back in his mind like feedback from a microphone. A practiced, seasoned lawyer, he'd reduced himself to nothing over a mere coincidence. "Mr. Urquart? Mr. Urquart! Elphinstone." Minerva sighed, relieved when he turned around to face her. A blind man could see her answer. In truth, he told her much more than she'd shared with him. Minerva apparently shrugged it off and decided to pretend what just took place did not happen. She slipped her hand into his, interlocking their fingers. She'd never seen him falter before in anything, and whilst he found it rather embarrassing, Elphinstone saw this as a good thing. Minerva left him on the curb outside of Honeydukes and offered him dark chocolate raspberry sweets. "Are you waiting for me to say something, so you'll say something, and someone will cry and we'll bond?" "No." Elphinstone rather admired the reserved roles here. What had he missed here? "These are my favorite." "I pay attention." Minerva opened her hand and thanked him for a chocolate. He asked her if she wished to hear a funny story and popped a chocolate into his mouth. "Please." "When I finally