Rolf probably walked around with a permanently surprised look on his face these days. He forgot one small step, a small one, but an important one, for he enjoyed a carefree night he hardly remembered in Barcelona, and karma paid him back in kind. This must be what it must feel like to ride the old Muggle contraption called a roller coaster. Triplets. This meant three, a small army on its way, and his life was over. He and Luna went to see a doula yesterday afternoon, a gypsy in Romania, and they'd found out they'd lost one, although the other two were perfectly healthy. How could a person deliver death and life in the same statement? "It happens," she'd said simply. Maria, their gypsy also trained to treat magical burns, severe dragon burns from Heartstrings Sanctuary, was one of the trusted healers. There weren't many women on the sanctuary, and in any case, these female researchers rarely had had one, or two, or three on the way. "It happens all the time." Rolf couldn't sleep. He'd finished with Luna, and she rolled over and went right to sleep. Maria said Luna should act as though nothing changed and go on with her life as long as she felt up to it. Rolf took this as the expected line. Luna still traveled with Rolf, although they had restricted this to only Side-Along Apparition, and she wasn't allowed brooms or to go use the Floo. Maria placed her on bedrest without calling this confinement because she phrased it nicely, though Rolf and Luna had caught her meaning. Tired and wide awake, his mind racing, Rolf paced the kitchen in Charlie's large house and opened the windows. He still wore his Heartstrings Sanctuary shirt and jeans. "Why are you up?" Charlie, coming downstairs, blinked at him wearily and checked the junk drawer for rent money. He made the mortgage by renting his house out to dragon handlers and researchers while they were on assignment, and this system had worked well since Charlie had arrived in Deva when he was seventeen. Charlie purchased this place when he was twenty, and nobody had their own place at that age. Rolf had come with him the second he turned seventeen because they'd been best mates since their schooldays; he needed someone and Rolf's grandfather had insisted on friends. Rolf refused to sign a contract because he did the majority of his grandfather's legwork nowadays for Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them and a handful of other promises. "Ned will have me kill him," said Charlie, counting his Galleons twice and stowing the money away in the locked drawer. He ran a hand through his red locks, walked over to start coffee, and grumbled about getting his rent on time. "You don't look so good, Scamander." "I'm fine," Rolf lied, handing him his and Luna's share without bothering to count it. "You don't pay. You and Luna are here to save my skin, and you're only here for the summertime." Charlie threw the pouch back at him. Charlie smiled ruefully. He lived with strangers who eventually warmed into friends; Rolf and Charlie were brothers from other mothers. True, Charlie had five of those, now four with Fred dead, but if you asked him on a good day, he answered he had six brothers and one sister. Rolf, stubborn, took out his cut and placed it on the counter. Charlie shrugged, not even closer to awake without three cups of coffee, and they left it there. "Some of these walls are thin, Scamander," said Charlie. The carafe filled itself with a brew, poured coffee into large mugs, and these mugs soared over to Charlie and Rolf. They both took it with a little dry creamer. Charlie grinned, reminding Rolf of a schoolboy, and adopted a deeper tone. As a house rule, gentlemen kept their private lives out of Charlie's house; he didn't care what they did as long as he, Charlie, didn't reap the consequences. "Someone had a good night." "I'm sorry," said Rolf, sipping his coffee and perching himself on the countertop. It had been a long time since he'd been alone with his wife. "I needed a distraction, and I miss things …" "Get it while the getting's good, I say," said Charlie, snooping around for food stuffs. He shot Rolf a look. "Did you wear protection this time?" "Charlie." Rolf rolled his eyes and scratched his beard. Weary of this commentary, Rolf thought he'd never live this down. When Charlie had found out they were expecting triplets back in June, he'd almost pissed himself and laughed all the way to the loo. Rolf needed him on his side and, like any brother, Charlie supported his friend half the time whenever it suited him. Rolf conveyed this piece by piece, sure he failed to deliver the owl here, and Charlie loved the uncomfortableness of the situation. "Just … I don't … drop it for the day, okay?" "How's Luna?" Serious, Charlie lit a lantern and started knocking up a simple breakfast. "Tired and keeping it together," said Rolf. It was late September, and Luna had made it through a hotter than usual summer, for it was still unseasonably warm. Rolf walked over to the dishtowel drawer, found a flannel, and ran it underneath the tap before he applied it to his neck. "Damn this heat." "Rolf." Charlie rarely called Rolf by his first name, so he knew to listen up. Charlie turned fried eggs, sausages, and tomatoes onto plates and handed him one. "If anyone can handle dragons breathing down his neck, the Scamander Foundation, and two weirdos on the way, it's you. I say this with increasing love and affection for my big-nosed Jewish godchildren. You've got this." "Yeah, that's nice to hear." Not taking this assessment at face value, Rolf stabbed a tomato moodily and devoured it. When he spotted the young Ned sneaking in at the dead of night, he waved the kid over, for he'd been ready to chew him out for a good minute. Ned, eighteen and fresh from Ilvermorny, lacked sense, common sense, and he came over with haunched shoulders. "You left my seven months pregnant wife in a Welsh Greens nest so you could go get a drink? Have you lost your senses?" "I didn't … she agreed," said Ned, his speech slurred. "Are you drunk? You had first shift! Why are you here? Come here." Charlie beckoned to him with a finger, throwing Rolf's dishtowel at him when he tried to walk away. Charlie's dragons were his children. "You stay." "I will drag you back to your shack in old good Louisiana, Mr. Jean-Louis, and I will slap you so hard with a lawsuit," threatened Rolf, setting his breakfast aside. He approached the thick-armed young man and got in his face. "You want to play God? You … what do you know?" Ned backed off and pointed an accusatory finger at Rolf. "What's with him?" "Luna called out for you," said Rolf, speaking with a forced, controlled calm. Charle had to hold Rolf back when Ned said she shouldn't be here. Luna, coming downstairs in her night things, took in the scene. Her silvery eyes got big, and she tied the strap of her dressing gown. Her long hair fell down her back, and she rested her hands on her belly. "There are three men sleeping! What is going on, Newton?" "Giving assignments to children," said Rolf heatedly, shoving Charlie away and retreating to his spot on the counter as he scarfed down his food. Ned, passive-aggressive, claimed he was off to bed. Rolf, furious as the minutes passed by, held him back. "You're going to kill yourself carrying on like this! You're suspended from the sanctuary." "Ned, think before you speak," Luna warned him, sitting at the breakfast table. She knew Rolf just as well as if not better than Charlie or old Newt Scamander; she read him well. Luna turned to Rolf, playing the mediator here. "Check yourself before you wreck yourself, Mr. Scamander. You're not heading the Scamander Foundation here, sir." Rolf scoffed, only slightly surprised she put him in his place. She used to do this a lot, which is why he enjoyed the partnership with her. Newt Scamander specifically told him to pick a good wife, a strange one, a good one, and he should take his time, and he'd run into Luna Lovegood back in 2000 in Argentina. He was nine years her senior, which he used to seriously worry about, but the age difference didn't matter most of the time. They'd been married for a while. "Ned, you've got a head on your shoulders, and I don't know if you've got a good one, but I insist you use it. Dragons are dangerous." Rolf got accepted into the sanctuary because he rode on his grandfather's name and fame, sure, yet he was brilliant in his own way; he knew what he talked about. "Nobody gets left out. You're shadowing me, my friend, Ned, and you are not allowed you touch anything without my say. Are we clear? Sit. I'll knock you up some breakfast." Charlie, who had grown into a close friend of Luna's, treated her like a researcher at the sanctuary, even though she never stayed in Romania without Rolf. "What do you want, Mummy?" Ned stayed, though he kept shooting Rolf dark, sinister glares. Charlie might strut around as a bachelor, yet he embraced a family of his dragons, his people, and his links, though it took a moment, sometimes a good minute, to get into his circle. Once you got his nod, things got easier. Charlie took a hard love stance because this was a difficult path as a career, and lots of people didn't make it. Charlie pushed, and he pushed hard, and he only extended a hand whenever they fell down. "But it isn't easy," said Ned, still determinedly beating a dead horse. Rolf's grandmother phrased it this way whenever she said, "It's like blowing smoke up a dead horse's ass." "It's too early for me to kill you," sighed Charlie, putting up his hands. He gave up on his new guy first thing in the day. His expression pained, he appealed to Rolf. "Throw me a save here, Scamander, because I am done." Charlie stormed out of kitchen and slammed a door when he got upstairs. This wasn't the first incidence of Ned Erving acting like a complete idiot; Charlie always bent Rolf's ear whenever he needed to vent and have someone hear him out. He used Bill, too, but his elder brother had a wife and three kids, and other responsibilities besides pulling him into endless directions. Rolf clapped his hands together, readying himself to take control of the situation. "The ice you're standing on, Ned? It's thin." Rolf picked at the leftover food on his plate and let Luna help herself when he walked over to the table. "I don't care," said Ned, crossing his arms and not touching his food. Ned no doubt had his own ideas of grandeur and painted a not so pretty picture. "I can go to another reservation because I don't need some old man telling me anything. Brazil." "Heartstrings Sanctuary is the top of the crop, Ned, who else would have you?" Rolf pinched his nose with his fingers and fought back laughter. Ned grumbled something along the lines of "Weasley, the worry wart". Rolf scoffed, not buying this for a heartbeat, and pointed towards the staircase. "That man? That man has given his life, his soul, to this place, and he's the reason it holds its standard! Brazil? No, sir, I think not." Ned, desperate for an ally, any friend, sought Luna out. Luna studied him patiently. For the longest time, she did nothing more than stare at him, and Ned shuffled his feet and studied his dirty trainers. "If you burn bridges, you