A box lay on his desk. Doctor Klein Thomas woke up before three in the morning to get his head on straight. This happened on the weekends, too, for he couldn't switch off the internal clock. He got trained at St. George's Hospital. He married a woman, had a kid, had another kid, and followed this with three more kids. He stepped into fatherhood before he ever placed a ring on Annalise's finger or popped the question. The people at the hospital said he saved Annalise and her boy, Dean, but they had it wrong. They saved him. Klein turned into a family man after he walked away from his world renowned cardiothoracic surgeon dream. He left after the birth of his second daughter; he had five of those in twelve years. He worked for a successful practice in London now, and he got home in time for dinner. Really, the traffic murdered him and he barely made it home before the end of the meal, but Dean always waited for him in the summer. Klein opened the box. Thinking it was an anniversary present from his wife, he debated on whether or not he should wait. A handkerchief lay the surface with other folded pocket squares littered around it. They were all International Klein Blue, the color he was named for. He remembered standing in a public restroom and positioning the pocket square in Dean's suit, and he'd told the boy presentation meant everything. There were things scattered throughout the box: football tickets, a model of a Death Star crafted out of Legos, cinema ticket stubs, and scattered sixpences. The framed oil painting made him drop to his knees. It wasn't large, although it was larger than the photograph on Klein's desk. He carried a copy of this very photo in his wallet. The painting and the photograph showed Klein and Dean, dressed in grey suits, staring each other down and making eye contact in a perfect moment. The photographer, a nobody who didn't have a memorable name, had managed to trap a moment in time. The most telling wedding photograph did not capture the bride nor her happiness. In the oil based painting, the smallest details, including the pocket square peeking out in Dean's jacket, got thrown into a new light. The note was a simple one: The day you married her, you became my father and my friend. I love you . "I did it with magic," said a voice. Dean sat in an armchair and studied Klein's face in the darkness. He always had an artistic hand, and this made him fit in nicely with the Thomas family without even trying. Klein's mother, an arts professor at the University of Birmingham, would've been speechless. Klein gathered himself, yet it took a long minute. His hand trembled on his lips and he waved Dean over with his free hand before he sobbed onto his shoulder. "What the hell am I supposed to say to that?" Klein took a deep breath and snatched one of the handkerchiefs from the box. "Where'd you find these?" "I didn't. Like this." Dean took out his wand and tapped the cloth. " Germinio ." He held out two identical cloths. He'd come home for the summer and claimed he wanted to take a class with his grandmother. Klein's mother taught whenever she wanted these days to stay away from boredom. Dean opened Klein's drawer and lifted out a canvas. This, too, mirrored the wedding photograph. Dean explained he did this one by hand in his grandmother's studio flat in downtown London. A true artist never signed his work: Klein's mother lived by this philosophy. "Gamma is a cool old person," said Dean, grinning from ear to ear. "We drank cognac." "Oh, no!" Klein had told his children their grandmother lived as a free spirit with no boundaries because she forever lived in the moment. She'd raised Klein alone. And she would've loved the fact that witches and wizards pushed the age of majority up a year. Klein, jealous, walked over to the decanter his mother had given him on his wedding day and found the shot glasses. He poured two drinks. "Your mother doesn't get to hear this story." "Whoo!" Dean threw up his arms in excitement and accepted the glass. It was five in the morning, and Klein knew he'd probably pay for this later. Klein instructed him on the proper technique to take a shot. Klein had learned during his university days, though he wasn't going to walk down memory road. Klein flipped his glass upside down and smiled when Dean's voice sounded huskier than usual. "Gamma stole your moment, eh?" "Robbed. It was mine!" Klein might've done this on Dean's seventeenth birthday back in January, but the thought hadn't occurred to him. Dean said he'd write off the whole grandma thing and rambled on about something, but Klein noticed the rucksacks on the floor. He dropped all niceties and addressed his son by his first name. "Jasper." "And that's the end of that," said Dean, perching himself on top of his dad's desk. Dean was born Jasper Dean Weiss on January 14, 1980. Annalise, a dedicated matron, had worked until she dropped in the middle of a blackout and unknowingly met her future husband when he delivered her first child in a lift. Dean found this story an embarrassing one, especially whenever Klein thanked him for introducing him to his wife. When they married, Klein had left the decision of whether Dean wished to change his name or not up to a five year old. "Why would you do this to your mother? To Annalise?" Klein fought for his wife first because they acted as a team. Sixteen years ago, Annalise's husband, Shiloh Weiss, had left in the middle of the night and never returned, but Klein never dwelled too long on Shiloh. He'd raised Dean as his own son and never regretted making this choice. "To your sisters?" Dean was raised not to think of his sisters as half-siblings because family was family. Klein understood he placed a lot of responsibility on his boy's shoulders, and Klein did this because he grew up in the projects with almost nothing in survival mode. In fact, Dean had helped in raising his youngest sister, Posey. Posey was two and a half going on twenty; she'd been a surprise. Dean got up and headed towards the door after he grabbed his things. "Jasper," said Klein, sighing when Dean rested his hand on the door handle. "I'm not leaving you," said Dean, insisting it wasn't the same thing, his voice shaking with unexpected emotion. He recited his sisters' names and turned his hand, revealing his palm: Amorette, Versailles, Ruth, Norah, and Posey. "They're coming for me. If they show up here and take the girls…" "They won't," said Klein. What could he do against wizards? He was a wealthy physician, especially for a physician in the employ of the NHS, but Klein couldn't hide his son. He found his wallet and emptied the billfold. "Take it." "No." "Dean. I am your father." Klein relaxed when Dean strode back, took the money, folded it over and shoved it in his jeans pocket. He said thanks. "If you need anything, anything at all, you find me. The girls aren't … you all mean everything to me. I would lay down my life for you, but I will never tell you to leave home. Do you understand me?" Dean embraced him and held him for a long time without saying anything. Klein walked with him to the end of the street and stripped off his expensive Piaget watch. It had been gift from a colleague from St. George's Hospital. Klein didn't understand a lot about the magical community where Dean lived. Annalise had explained seventeen year olds got watches as they left childhood behind. Dean put it on, hugged him one last time, turned on his heel, and disappeared. Months passed without word. Klein supposed he deserved it when Annalise struck him when he returned home late that morning. Dean knew how to send a letter by post, and he knew better than anyone how crazy Annalise got over her children. Klein might have fathered five daughters, but Annalise managed the family and made the magic happen. She still worked at St. George's, though she took time off here and there. On a Tuesday morning, Annalise served Klein burnt coffee and told him to find her son, or he could spend the night on a friend's couch. Klein didn't go into work that day. He didn't go to work for the rest of the week; he didn't go home either because he rather feared his wife, but he carted his trusty medical bag everywhere. He went back to the ghetto on the East End and wandered in a faded t-shirt and jeans. Posey and Versailles kept asking about their brother, and Amorette, age twelve, wanted to go with him and pitched a spoiled girl tantrum when he said no. Annalise put an end to this nonsense. Klein stepped into a red telephone box and listened to his wife crying on the other end. "Annie." She said nothing. "Annalise, come on." Klein wound the phone cord through his fingers. He used a practiced, reassuring tone with his patients and knew it wouldn't work on a seasoned, hardened matron. She sobbed into the receiver. "What if he …? What if he gets killed? Klein, he's a boy." Annalise cupped the receiver and spoke away from it. She came back a minute later. "Incoming trauma. Five minutes out." "He's not a boy, Annalise, you know this. Take a deep breath and get yourself together. You've got this." He listened to her on the other side. "I will find him. Trust me. Page me on downtime. You're an extraordinary person." "You should see my husband," she said. He heard the smile in her voice. "Really? Get his number." Klein snorted through her last minute insults and mingled laughter and a hurried goodbye. He said he loved her and reminded her to wash Posey's lovey before the line went dead. He hung up. A simple solution hit him as he walked out of the box. Where would a kid go if he ran away after a spat with the parents? Dean had run to save his skin without leaving a forwarding address, but was it really so different when Dean's first sister came home from the hospital and he "ran away" to Klein's mum's? He'd packed a toothbrush, his Chewbacca lovey, and some sweets after he declared he didn't want to be a big brother. Dean was a lot older than five now, of course, yet it all dwindled down to the same thing. Klein opened his little black address book and searched for the name Finnigan. When Dean had gone off with Mrs. Finnigan and her son to attend an event called the Quidditch World Cup a few years ago, Klein had jotted down their contact information and said they should meet. He checked the phone book in the booth and found a Giles Finnigan, but this was for London and it's surrounding areas. The addresses didn't match, yet it was possible they had moved. Klein didn't want to drop any lead, even though he knew this was a long shot, so he rang when he found an attorney's listing for an attorney's office in Galway. The long distance charges ate up his pocket money. "Bugger." Klein took the plunge and dialed the number. It rang three times and directed him to an operator, so he followed the prompts. He got through. A receptionist answered and told him he'd reached Howe, Connelly, Fischer & Finnigan, Attorneys at Law. "Giles Finnigan." "Case?" she asked. "Yeah, I haven't got one," he said, his voice faltering slightly. He rolled his eyes when she fired questions at him and tried to answer patiently.