A Hufflepuff might've saved Charlie and given him an out by mistake. Charlie didn't know this for sure, but he really wanted to take this chance. It was a shot in the dark, and there was always the looming question of money. How much did it cost? What were they talking about here? He'd already put this idea to his dad, and naturally, it dwindled down to this. At five-thirty on a Saturday morning, Charlie decided it make his move. What was the worse that could happen? A simple no wouldn't deter him because he'd try and try again. He understood where his father came from; there was only so much money with seven kids. Everyone needed a piece of the pie, as Arthur said, and Charlie's mother was dead set against him leaving school early without completing his magical education. After leaving the Gryffindor Common Room, he waved to the Fat Lady and continued on his way to the Hogwarts kitchens. Which one was the right barrel? Charlie was a popular bloke, but his best mate was a pudgy badger. The pieces kind of fell into place. In their second year, Rolf Scamander, bespectacled badger, had a soft spot after Charlie took one for the team and stood in for Rolf on a detention with McGonagall. Scamander had smuggled a baby something or other into the castle after nipping off to spy on a Care of Magical Creatures lesson. Students didn't take that subject until third year, but Scamander got his hands on something cuddly. Charlie remembered the part about two from the bottom. As he veered off to the right side of the kitchens corridor, he saw a small group of house-elves. They were obviously prepping breakfast. It really didn't matter that the students slept in on the weekends, for there was always lots to do. One house-elf, the smallest one, reached up and scratched a pear. It giggled and the entrance opened. Storing this usual bit of information away for later, Charlie went to go consult the puzzle. Rolf Scamander had told him the trick in a hurry after dinner in the Great Hall last night. It was a rushed hurry, though, so Charlie feared he missed stuff. "Two and two," muttered Charlie, pacing in front of the barrels. If he waited for a Hufflepuff student, he'd have to break his word with Rolf on super secret stash stuff. Who ratted out their best chubby mate? If Percy hadn't been going on and on about how students belonged in their own common rooms, Charlie might not have messed this up. He'd chosen the wrong barrel before. As an unforeseen consequence, the barrels had opened and cascaded him with vinegar. Charlie knew if he stood here long enough, he'd get caught by Filch or a house-elf. (Really, the house-elf would offer him food, which probably wouldn't be so bad. A man deserved a second breakfast.) Nymphadora Tonks had promised not to let Charlie forget what she'd deemed as the "Vinegar Vendetta" until his dying day. He chose the second row and picked a random one in the middle. Closing his eyes, he tapped the barrel nervously. If he tapped too slowly to the rhythm of the name of Helga Hufflepuff, he'd still be wrong, and this was just as bad as getting the wrong answer. The barrel opened! Charlie heaved his body into the barrel shoot and landed on his feet into a cozy, honey-colored common room. There were splashes of black here and there in the circular room. "Scamander? Psst, Scamander." The common room was deader than dead. Had Rolf meant six-thirty instead of five-thirty, or had he, Rolf, simply forgotten? If the latter were the case, Rolf Scamander had totally started off the weekend on a bad foot. Charlie waited three minutes. A pudgy boy bumped into him as he slid down the barrel. Rolf carried a stash and adjusted his spectacles. "Hungry?" "Yeah." Charlie shook his head, wondering how the pudgy, shy kid got in lucky with the house-elves. He helped Rolf dump the lot in a cozy leather chair between them near the fire. Actually, over the years, thanks to trips with his grandfather, Rolf Scamander had cut off a lot of his fat. A house-elf bustled over and built a fire. She gave them a curious look and kept her mouth shut as she continued her work. Charlie helped himself to a fried egg sandwich. "Where's your grandfather? Going anywhere over Christmas?" "Oh, he's here. And, no, we're staying in New York." Rolf chose a pastry. Charlie jumped to his feet, excited, but Rolf looked mournfully at his loot. He wolfed down a fried egg sandwich, too. "We're eating here!" Charlie sat back down. He doubted it was very hard to steal from the kitchen house-elves, though he didn't know this for certain. Rolf went to town, which Charlie found amusing, but they both stopped dead when they heard a crash. Next moment, a thin girl with violet hair came downstairs with a curly-haired boy. Charlie and Rolf grabbed a crocheted yellow and black blanket and tucked it around the food. Charlie played it cool, running a hand through his hair. "What're you doing here?" "Yeah, yeah," stammered Rolf, nibbling on another toasted sandwich. "I live here. What're you doing here?" Tonks sat on a honey-colored polished table and pointed at the blanket. "That's got holes in it, geniuses. You like that, Scamander?" Rolf nodded, shrugging as he licked mayonnaise and ketchup off his finger. Donaghan Tremlett snorted and pulled off the blanket. Charlie, Rolf, Donaghan, and Tonks had been together since their early years at Hogwarts. Rolf, usually the smart one, rolled over like a puppy whenever he got caught, yet he'd managed to become Head Boy this year. Donaghan ragged him about this plenty and often. "We're visiting my grandpa," said Rolf proudly. He conjured a pillowcase and stowed some of the food away fir safekeeping. The house-elf left before he stashed it behind a spotted cactus. It was a week until Christmas holidays, and today was a Honeydukes visit. "Wanna come?" "Hold it, Scamander," said Donaghan, Summoning the pillowcase from its hiding spot and catching it in his hand. Tonks grinned and covered herself with the blanket when she stole the seat. Donaghan waved the loot in his face. "You're Head Boy. What're you doin'?" "Fish gotta swim, and man's gotta eat," said Rolf, digging into the stash and wrapping a large blueberry muffin in a napkin. He shrugged, sounding a little dejected as he headed towards the Hufflepuff entrance. He wrapped an old Hufflepuff scarf around his neck. He blushed, falling back on his usual meekness. "What? It's for Grandpa. And I was hungry." "Gotta keep that figure, Rolf?" Tonks laughed when Rolf, after stowing the blueberry muffin away in his robes, patted his belly. "See you later." "Bye," said Donaghan. On second thought, he waved frantically at Rolf, who had heaved himself down into the barrel. Realizing he'd messed his chance, he begged Charlie to wait a moment and disappeared into his dormitory. When he came back down, he almost tripped over his blue dressing gown and handed Charlie his battered copy of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them . Breathless, he asked Charlie to get an autograph from Newt Scamander, and grinning from ear to ear, Charlie showed him his copy of the textbook, too. "Cool." Donaghan collapsed into Rolf's abandoned chair. Tonks rolled her eyes at the ceiling. "Nerds. The lot of you. Why do I do this to myself?" "Hey, you don't know what you're talking about." Donaghan tore an elastic band off his wrist and pulled his hair back into a ponytail. He conjured his acoustic guitar and ignored Tonks's jab about a closeted bookworm/ rockstar dream thing being quite the conundrum. "Scamander's gone, Charlie. Glad to see you didn't get a vinegar shower." Tonks declined an offer when Charlie waved his copy and gave her one last chance. She said no. Charlie left. He ran. When he got onto the grounds, he caught up with Rolf and they headed off towards the greenhouses and veered the other way. The Care of Magical Creatures classroom wasn't far from Hagrid's Hut, but there was nobody there. Rolf, walking purposefully ahead of him, strode into the Forbidden Forest. Surprised and amazed at Rolf Scamander's bravery or stupidity, Charlie quickened his pace. The sun wasn't all the way up yet was snowing lightly on the grounds. They stopped in a clearance with nothing there. Professor Dumbledore stood chatting with a plump old man dressed in a peacock blue overcoat and trousers. White-haired with slower reflexes than Charlie guessed he'd had in his heyday, Newt Scamander grunted when Rolf bear hugged him from behind after helping the old man to his feet. "Grandpa!" Rolf offered him the blueberry muffin before Newt had a chance to tell him off. "Thief. No, no, I'll still take that, thank you." Newt plucked it out of his reach. He smiled when Professor Dumbledore, whistling, strode back and forth in his purple robes and pretended not to see anything. Newt ate the muffin and dropped a chunk of it on the floor. An invisible creature ate it. Newt grabbed a pail and whistled, beckoning the creature over to a carcass. As the carcass was almost stripped to its bare bones, he held a chunk of raw meat aloft. "Come on." Charlie, perplexed, stood back and danced on the spot. "What is it?" "Interested in creatures, are you? Give us a hand." The old man offered him the pail with a bruised hand. Newt tested him and observed whatever wasn't there; a wrapped bandage where the thing's leg would've been appeared to levitate. Newt gathered his dressings and disposed of them carefully with a casual wave of his wand after he gathered the contents in a drop cloth. Charlie gaped at him. "Really?" "As my wife says, early worm gets the bird." Newt shrugged his comment off when Dumbledore chuckled, mentioning quietly the Muggle saying went the other way around. Newt didn't appear to be bothered by it. Newt clapped Charlie on the shoulder before he rested on a stump. He offered his hand. "Really, really. Newt Scamander. And you are?" Charlie giggled at Rolf and felt like pinching himself. "Grandpa, this is Charlie. Charlie Weasley. The one who applied for the Release Program in Deva with me?" Rolf made the introduction, pausing when Newt cocked his head towards Professor Dumbledore, studying him. "The Heartstrings Sanctuary?" "Ah, speaking of which, Dumbledore, I've got a bone to pick with you." Newt told Charlie to not stand around and lallygag all day because the wounded thestral needed nourishment. The invisibility made sense. Newt jabbed a finger in Rolf's direction. "Whilst I appreciate you making him into Head Boy, I made this boy from scratch. Why is he not in the program?" Rolf helped Charlie feed the thestral. Charlie could tell by the way Rolf treaded, he could see the winged skeletal horse, and Charlie mirrored the way Rolf tossed the strips in the air. It got devoured piece by piece. "It's all right, Grandpa," said Rolf. "No, it's not! It's not, Newton. A year is a year, and you're bored. Twelve O.W.L.'s!" He jabbed a finger at his grandson. He turned his head towards Dumbledore. When he asked Charlie if he got in, Charlie said yes, he was on the waiting list, but his parents couldn't afford it. Newt, whether he meant anything by it or not, waved his hand at Charlie impatiently. "Professor Dumbledore, my grandson knows more than Kettleburn. You know this!" "Newt, this isn't my call," said Professor Dumbledore. He ignored Mr. Scamander when he, Newt, told Rolf to go feed the Bowtruckles. As Professor Kettleburn had lost an arm, Newt was standing in as Care of Magical Creatures teacher for at least the spring term. Newt wiped his hands on a