1 September 2017 Autumn seemed to arrive suddenly that year. Especially with the use of his expensive watch, Rolf Scamander usually managed his time well, but it snuck up on him out of nowhere. The watch, a gift from his grandparents, switched time zones through voice activation, and there were Anti-Theft Charms on it, too. There were obvious bonuses to this; it had the added effect of zooming back onto his wrist whenever he lost it. It locked itself back onto his wrist as he bent down and searched for the thing. While parents were taking their children off to Hogwarts, Rolf sat chained to a desk and wondered why he'd given up his world for a 9 to 5. How had he ended up a regular bloke? He had the world, literally everything he could have wanted at his fingertips, and he'd given it up to work in Diagon Alley for a paper he didn't read. In the back of his mind, Rolf knew he had good reasons to be the grounded guy: Luna, Lysander, Lorcan, and his grandfather. The globetrotting had been fun, the globetrotting with a young wife even better, but the tiny humans shackled him and it all came down to a screeching halt. The Chief Consulting Magi-zoologist position? Rolf created this on the spot because he'd had twins on the way, and he really, really needed a job where he could go home everyday and enjoy those things people called weekends. Bored, Rolf tossed a draft of an article onto a pile as a stack of parchment and paper reorganized itself. Some writer called Styles had handed him a rough draft full of mistakes. A woman approached his desk, and he half-expected Rita Skeeter to track him down and pick up the mind numbing conversation they'd had yesterday. Instead, and much more to his delight, a red-haired woman came with coffee and pastries. "Mr. Scamander." Ginny Potter stopped, thinking this through. She opened her mouth, closed it, and paused as she reconsidered her angle. "Use your words." Rolf linked his fingers together and pushed back from the desk. "Yeah. Getting there. Damn." Ginny turned around and faced Luna, who she had dragged along in this delivery. Luna shrugged, taking Lily's hand. "I had this memorized and everything. Okay. What did Charlie say? 'You're dying. I needeth a man with a brain, and you, Scamander, you're such a housewife. Boring.' There was more, loads more, but I forgot." Luna covered Lily's ears, grinning, and checked to make sure the coast was clear. "'P. S. You're a whiny bastard. Stop being old and let's go with being awesome. Like me.' And then he called you a …" "Yeah. Got it." Thinking the second part of that whiny bastard statement held true, Rolf didn't need her to fill in the blank. Despite his twelve nieces and nephews, Charlie Weasley never found the need to edit his vocabulary. Rolf gestured at Luna to uncover Lily's ears and he smiled benignly at the girl. "You didn't miss anything. Your Uncle Charlie is rude." Lily scowled, disappointed she hadn't missed some colorful stuff, although she liked whenever Rolf caught her up in the end. The other grownups never bothered with this step. Of course, Rolf was raised by the Newt Scamander, and choice words got sprinkled into conversation like seasoning with that old man. Rolf pretended to read the draft again, but he couldn't concentrate with Luna reading over his shoulder. "The Wrackspurt thing? Still not a thing." He tossed in reminders every so often to help her to stay grounded to reality. Luna's father had filled her head with a lot of notions, and Rolf spent the first few years of their marriage debunking these so-called magical beasts and creatures. He reached in his drawer and handed her a notepad without looking at her. "On the plus side? You might be right about the Nargles. Grandpa and I are seriously considering adding it to Fantastic Beasts in the next edition, so good job there." "Thank you," said Luna, drumming her fingers on his shoulders and humming some tune she no doubt got stuck in her head. She tore off a sheaf and stowed the note away in her handbag. "What're you doing today? It's Friday." "Eating breakfast at noon," said Rolf, sipping his fancy coffee and nodding at Ginny, thanking her. "And working hard. I guess, or I'm hardly working." Ginny snorted and gave Rolf a high five. "Scamander." "Work. What is this? I used to be this fat little boy who did whatever I wanted." Since he used to live by his own chaotic, over-booked time table, coming into the office remained a foreign concept to him. Rolf, deciding it was lunchtime, packed away his things and got up. He went the casual Friday thing and wore Muggle clothing to work. "He's not coming back." Luna mouthed this to a young woman who sometimes acted as Rolf's secretary. They gave each other a thumbs up and she left the maze of offices and cubicles with Rolf, Ginny and little Lily in tow. Origami rats scuttled into and out of offices with messages, and a typewriter clicked away in the main office of the Daily Prophet. Luna had snatched his Hufflepuff scarf off the back of his chair and draped it over his shoulders when they stepped outside. "You are surprisingly easy to spring from the brig." "Bored out of my mind." Polishing the pastry off, Rolf tossed the wrappings in a wastebasket. A foodie, he considered food and drink a staple in culture. "You know what I miss? Mangoes and dragon fruit." Luna shrugged, walking ahead of him. Back in the day, Rolf went anywhere and everywhere at the beck and call of his grandfather, and he had loved every moment of it because every day was a new day. Newt Scamander had retired back in 1990, yet it had really been a gradual stepping down; nobody believed the old man knew what a quiet retirement really was. Newt was nearing 120, so he did whatever he wanted whenever the hell he wanted. The way he phrased it, the old man planned on doing nothing all day, and Newt didn't plan on doing this until around noontime. "Why are you smiling?" Rolf grinned at Luna, bemused as she walked backwards down the cobblestone street. Ginny left with Lily, saying she had a deadline to meet with a sports article and owls pecking her with writing assignments. Rolf waved goodbye, mirroring his wife, and they continued on their way. He shook his finger at Luna as she dragged him along. "You're up to something." "Maybe," said Luna evasively. She doubled back and draped her arms around his neck before she kissed him. "Let's run away for the weekend. You and me." "I like this game." Deciding he really wanted to play and forget the world for a while, Rolf forgot about his locked away briefcase and returned her smile. "But we have these things called little humans. Remember them?" "Come with me." Luna frowned, pretending to forget about their five-year-old boys. "We get to do whatever we want whenever we want." "Before kids sex? I'm so in." Rolf jumped on this opportunity eagerly because he couldn't remember the last time he'd really been alone with his wife. They sometimes pawned Lysander and Lorcan off to their grandfathers, but Newt had warned them not to abuse the get out of jail free card, or it would leave the table. Luna laughed, pulling him in and shaking her head so her dirty blonde hair blew from her face. It was autumn, but it wasn't really autumn for a few weeks yet, and it rained in the city too frequently for Rolf's comfort. Harry Potter worked at the Ministry and actually lived in London, but Rolf didn't understand the logic behind this at all. There was an age difference between them, some nine years, but when they were together, really together, this melted away. They'd been married for fifteen years and jumped at any opportunity to take any and all assignments around the world. Whenever they finally decided to sit down and have the chat about the birds and the bees with their boys, Rolf really wanted to go with the truth. Charlie had jumped on this offer the day the boys were born outside of Cairo. He'd actually held the boys while he sat down in an armchair and acted like he shared a bedtime story. "You're what happens when your father's half-asleep and forgets to take necessary precautions. Scamander says goodbye to his life as he knows it." Rolf didn't regret his boys because they truly gave his life meaning, and they were a happy mistake. He really did say goodbye to life, and maybe it took a while to sink in. Lysander, the shy one, favored his mother and walked with two left feet; Rolf worried about him constantly. Lorcan, their other son, danced to the beat of his own drum and didn't really care about what others thought, which took Rolf completely by surprise. "You remember that?" Luna pointed Rita Skeeter out, spotting her outside the Leaky Cauldron. Rolf, cursing under his breath, sighed when Rita waved at them, and started to run with his wife. Luna took his hand and they Disapparated. "What? Sex? Yeah," said Rolf, thinking it rather sad she didn't. Checking out their surroundings after they appeared on a crowded street in the middle of a downpour, he pieced this together pretty quickly. There were a coffee shop and a department store on Fifth Avenue. So they were in New York. Rolf didn't know anything about electronics or so-called technology the Muggles used, though he enjoyed watching people live their lives. They walked along, holding hands. It dawned on him that he hadn't been to New York in two years. Really, if they got down to the barebones, he hadn't been outside of the country and was getting stir crazy. "Welcome home, American boy." Luna fumbled for a key in her handbag as they raced up a rickety staircase. She stopped outside a Brownstone and fought with the key in the old door until Rolf unlocked it with a simple spell. Although this place had belonged to Rolf's grandmother and his great aunt back in the 1920's, it was in his name now. Luna squealed gleefully when Rolf scooped her up and tossed her on the leather couch like a sack of potatoes. Although the place had been renovated, the clothes horse still stood in the living room. Rolf shrugged off his coat and the school scarf, and the thing wrung out his clothes. Rolf kicked off his shoes and joined her on the couch. "Grandma would hate me doing this." "Probably. It's your place now." Luna fingered the Star of David pendant hanging from his neck. Judaism usually went with the mother, but as Rolf's biological mother had been almost nonexistent in his life, Tina Scamander had raised him as her boy. Luna went back to why she'd planned this. "You're stressed. You needed to get away, and Lysander says you're freaking him out with all the sleep walking, and you're talking to yourself." "Freaking him out?" Rolf sat up and conjured a bottle and glasses. When she was alive, Grandma always kept a secret stash in case of emergencies, and Rolf picked up the tradition of a rum and Coke. The glasses zoomed over, and he found someone had bothered to stock the apartment. Luna went for a plain Coke. Rolf made the drink and chased it down with another, swirling the contents of the second shot. "I'm a horrible person because I think I should get better as a Scamander, eh? I'm losing it." "No. You can't be everything," sad Luna, taking his shot glass and taking a sip of his drink. She was a lightweight and always went for a taste,