Lucky Hearts Heyllo my lovelies! I finally am putting something up… I am so lazy, I know but I'm going to be putting up a few things, this and a Naruto fanfiction. I hope you all enjoy them. I'm really working hard and I would like tons of reviews. I think I may live on the them lol. Well I hope this is a good story… I really do… Disclaimer: I don't own Hunger Games. I think this information should be obvious. If not we are overestimating my creative abilities. Chapter 1: Don't Fear the Reaper. Waves lapped at a long, lean figures waist as it tried to gather up some netting. "Torin!" A boy came crashing through the waves toward the figure. "Hey!" The burly boy tackled the other down into the salty water. "Torin, what are you doing? You need to be at home, we gotta get ready for the reaping." Torin gathered his netting and scowled toward the boy beside him, "I'm not going. You can go. As a matter-of-fact, River, I hope you get reaped…" Torin neatly wrapped his net. River, the boy huffed. "Such a sour mood," then he frowned. "Do you really want me reaped? This is my last year and my names in there so many times… it's possible…" Torin looked at his friend. River was eighteen and lived with a sickly baby sister and a mother and father that were swamped with the work of trying to make her better. River took care of a lot of the work that involved going to the market places and most of the time they didn't have much money because it went to medicine, so River signed up for tesserae a couple times just so they'd have more money for his beloved sister. Torin felt sorry for them, he was an only child and didn't quite understand the feeling. "Nah, River. I was just joking. You won't get reaped; there are tons of others in the ball. You've got this." Torin gave a crooked grin, narrowing his sea green eyes. River grinned back, "yeah." He clapped Torin's back, roughly, jerking the younger forward. "Now, I came to get you home, your parents are worried you'll be late. Can't miss the reaping!" Torin grimaced. "Oh, no, can't miss that… but like I said earlier, I'm not going." "You serious? You really aren't going?" Torin shook his head. "Nope. What's the point? I get reaped and get thrown into an arena to face my death? And if my names not drawn I have to watch friends go through it? No thank you. I don't want that." He made his way out of the water and to the shore. "The Hunger Games… Ch, what a waste of a bunch of good kids." River tromped up behind him. "I agree, with you there, but you still need to participate. The Peacekeepers will get you… and they'll force you to come." Torin groaned, "Fine! I'll go… I'll get all dressed up so that I can possibly be reaped. And I'll pretend to love it!" River chuckled some. "Ok, kid, let's go." The boys walked home, joking and laughing. Torin waved good bye to River as he opened the door to his house. "Torin! Where have you been? We sent River after you, did he find you?" Asked a slender women, Torin's mother. "Yeah, he found me. I was trying to get some fish." Torin held up the net. "And that effort was in vain…" His mother came up to him, taking the net. "Well, that's alright, dear." She gave the same crooked smile that Torin occasionally wore. "Now your father has some clothes laid out for you. He wore them when he attended the reaping's." Worry filled his mother's eyes. "I'm sure you'll look dashing in it." She ran her fingers through Torin's sun bleached hair. Torin gave his mother a smile full of reassurance. His father came in. "Hey, get dressed, we need to hurry." Torin went to get dressed. When he came out his mother was waiting for him. "Are you wearing the bracelet?" she asked. Torin held up his arm, showing the small piece of rope that was intricately knotted. She smiled. "Good, your grandfather would be so happy to see you wearing it." Torin stared at the bracelet, he didn't really understand what was so important about it, but ever since he was old enough to start participating in the Hunger Games his mother urged him to always wear it. "Well, we ought to be going." His father said. He looked at his son, his only child. Torin's name could possibly be drawn today. He could die. The boy looked out the window and saw River waiting for him. "Well, I see River." He turned to his parents, seeing the worried looks on their faces. Torin brought them both into a hug. "Don't worry, hopefully luck will be on my side." He said. His mother put her hands on either side of her sons face. "I love you and I hope you're right." She said, and then she smiled. "Now go with River. We'll see you later." Torin smiled and ran out to River. "Hey, let's get this thing over with…" Torin said. River nodded, actually looking solemn for once. The boys lined up standing with all the other boys. Torin and River where separated being a year apart from each other. Torin stood, his heart sputtering in his chest, he was terrified. He shook in fear and pinched his fingertips, a habit he had when he was nervous or stressed. Roxxanniea Otero, the district escort walked up stage, smiling, fixing her metallic silver curls that fell to her waist. She stood behind the podium her porcelain white skin practically glowing in the lights. "Hello, hello!" She squealed excitedly. "Happy Hunger Games!" Torin wished he could tune the woman's high pitched voice out, but, of course, it was impossible, her voice could penetrate through anything. Torin ignored most of the stuff everyone talked about until he saw Roxxanniea move over to the reaping balls. Torin gave her his undivided attention, his knees felt weak and he shook a little more, pinched his fingertips a little harder. Now was the time, the moment he dreaded. He was lucky for six years now; he wanted to go for seven. "Alright, for the ladies," Roxxanniea dug into the reaping ball that held all the girls names, she pulled one out, opening it. "Rayne Kailani." She read aloud. A little girl, only thirteen, walked out of the crowd of girls and down the walkway. Torin's eyes widened, he watched the girl go, her blonde pigtails fell some, it seemed and her tanned face showed fear and sadness. The mother and father of the girl cried, holding one another. Poor Rayne, she was so young, the youngest of four girls. Torin felt bad for her, wishing someone else was picked. He shook his head realizing it would only be the same anyway. "And for the gentlemen." The woman dug into the second reaping ball. She dug in it for what felt like forever. Torin held his breath. She pulled out the horrid piece of paper that could possibly have his name on it. Roxxanniea opened it she looked up. "Torin Ross." Torin froze, unable to move, unable to breathe, his heart even felt like it stopped beating. That was his name. Is that really what she said? Torin Ross? "Torin Ross?" she repeated. That was definitely what she said. He walked over to the walkway, pinching his fingertips to the point of pain. He kept his head low as he walked up to the stage. Roxxanniea smiled at him as he came up. "For a moment I wasn't sure if you were coming or not." She joked, but Torin didn't laugh or smile he just wanted to melt into the stage, become invisible, anything to get out of this situation. He looked over at Rayne, who had a steady stream of tears falling down her face. Why? Why did they hold these games and put children in them? It was crazy and sick. Torin tried to swallow the painful lump in his throat. He looked at all the other kids, seeing River. River looked devastated, horrified, struggling to keep back tears. Torin gave a small smile toward his friend and River smiled back, mouthing "Good Luck". Roxxanniea finished everything up and took the two to the justice building so they could have a few moments with their friends and family before they left. Torin stood in the room they put him in. He was a nervous wreck; he shook and was breathing shallowly. His fingernails drew little beads of blood from the pads of his fingers. His mother and father where the first ones in. His mother was crying her eyes out and his father looked close to it. "Don't take that bracelet off; don't lose it whatever you do." She cried. "What's so important about it?" Torin axed as he went into his parents arms. "Because your grandfather was wearing that same bracelet when he won the Hunger Games." His mother said. "It brought him luck, and it will bring you some, too." Torin looked at the bracelet; he didn't know any of this. Now he understood the importance of the bracelet. "I'll never take it off." He vowed. His mother kissed his cheeks. "I love you, Torin, you win this okay. But make the right choices. Follow what your heart thinks is right." She laid her hand on his chest, over his heart. "We love you." His father nodded, bringing his son into a tight bear hug. The Peacekeepers came in and took Torin's parents out. "I love you! I'll come back a victor!" he got out before the door slammed in his face. River came in next, his eyes puffy and red, but he stood straight and tall. The two friends hugged one another tightly and pulled away. "You're gonna win this, you'll do this, you're good with spears and nets. Use them." River grinned. "Take 'em out, buddy!" He punched Torin playfully in the chest. The Peacekeepers came and escorted River out. Now Torin was alone. He stood in the middle of the room until he and Rayne where taken to the train. The train was extravagant as was expected from the Capitol. Rayne sat in a large plushy seat, wiping away tears. Torin stood by the window, staring out it, a frown marring his tanned face. Roxxanniea walked in, "hello! Hello!" she sang. She looked around, hands on her hips, pale blue lips pursed. "Where is Finnick?" Torin spun around. "Finnick!? He's our mentor!?" He admired Finnick and looked up to him. He even practiced with tridents so he could be just like him. Roxxanniea smiled wide, narrowing her crystal colored eyes. "Why yes. I see you fancy him as a mentor." Torin nodded. "Well how wonderful!" Then she relaxed some, still smiling. "Okay, just so we can get this out of the way, you can call me Roxxy, because I know Roxxanniea can be a mouthful." Torin had to agree with her there. He liked the name Roxxanniea but Roxxy was better when it came to not getting tongue tied. Roxxanniea made her way to Rayne, sitting on the arm of her chair. "Now, dear, don't be so sad, we'll work hard to make one of you victors in these games." She ran her fingers through Rayne's hair. "I had a daughter your age." She said fondly. "What happened to her?" Rayne asked in a small voice. Roxxy frowned some." She got very sick and no one could fix her…" Rayne looked down. "Oh… I'm sorry." Roxxy smiled, getting up. "Oh, it's alright. Everything is fine. Now, let's get into better moods, Kay?" she went through a few compartments of the train. "Finnick? Mr. Odair!?" She practically screeched. Torin frowned deeper, maybe Finnick wasn't even