Hello everyone! How are you all doing? Here is a brand new story that was inspired after I had finished reading the most adorablest (is that a word?) manga ever! Now, onto a few things... I'm sorry if Nico and Percy aren't really as themselves in this story, but I will try my hardest to not make them too OOC. Some of the lines that you see here or dialogue is from the manga, mostly because it was absolutely perfect, but I will try to change it up and make it sound as realistic as possible. It might seem a bit confusing as well, because I am going to be putting in thoughts or Percy and Nico and the POVs will change as well... but I will try to make it obvious who's POV is it in the chapter. Now if you are still reading this after this long A/N, thank you! I am sorry for any spelling mistakes and grammatical errors, and now onto the story! Enjoy :) Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson and The Olympians or the manga Seven Days If you're a male, liking someone would imply looking at her face, followed by her legs, and then her chest, I guess. What else is there to love? Monday Nico stared up at the blue sky through his classroom window. Another beautiful, bright day, and he was stuck spending it in school. His English teacher droned on about Romeo and Juliet while Nico and some other students tuned her out. Nico didn't even know why he bothered to come to school today-it was Monday. Something caught his attention in the corner of his peripheral vision. It was two girls, who were looking up and smiling at him. Nico glanced around to see if the two girls were really waving at him, and didn't see anyone else looking down. He lifted his right hand, put on a small smile and waved back. They looked flustered that Nico did that, as if expecting him to ignore them. In truth, he would have, but something felt a bit... off today. It's human nature to judge by appearance. It's not just males who are superficial. No one bothers about things they cannot see. Like the heart... Nico sighed heavily as he watched the two girls that had waved at him, leave to another class. They kept talking animatedly, as if Nico waving at them had been the highlight of their morning. 'Figures they would be excited that I merely waved at them... they only like me because of my face... not my personality' Nico looked at the clock above the blackboard and silently groaned, today was going to be a long day... why did Nico come to school again? Just then, the bell rang signaling the end of class. Nico started to gather his things, he yawned once and was suddenly smacked in the back of his head. "Ow!" Nico exclaimed as he rubbed the back of his head and looked at the person responsible. It was his friend Eloise Miller, a girl with long, wavy black hair, a petite body, pale skin and light brown eyes. She was wearing the standard uniform for girls that the school enforced, she had a white button up shirt with a bow tie around the neck, her navy blue skirt that showed off her legs nicely, and her navy blue knee-high socks with her navy blue vans. Her navy blue jacket hung off to the side on her shoulder bag. She looked at Nico in a disapproving way. "What was that for?" Nico grumbled. "You were yawning in class idiot," Eloise pointed out as if it were obvious. "Everyone in the world yawns Ellie," Nico rolled his eyes. "Yes, but you did it so rudely... mouth wide open, arms stretched back, eyes are closed and a terrible sound coming out, need I go on?" Eloise listed. "Whatever..." Nico mumbled as he started to loosen the tie around his neck and laid his head down on the desk. It was study period now, and he had no intention of studying. "Nico, you keep on with this careless attitude of yours, no wonder every person you go out with leaves you. That boy you're going out with right now could possibly leave you," Eloise talked as she sat down in the desk next to Nico's. Nico looked up at her and grimaced, "well, you don't have to worry about him leaving me right now... he already did-" Eloise remained quiet and looked at Nico seriously. Nico looked back at her and they stared at each other for a minute, before she opened her mouth. "When?" Eloise asked Nico with a heavy sigh. "Yesterday, after school..." "See Nico, I told you so." "Yeah, yeah," Nico waved her off. It wasn't Nico's fault that everyone he went out with, the girls especially, expected him to be some sort of way. Like he thought earlier, no one likes him for his personality, they always base everything off of looks. They expected Nico, who was an artist and in the art club, to have a deep soul... or so they say. "Its their fault... they confess that they like me, ask me out and then when I'm not what they expected, they get disappointed and break up with me... how is that any of my fault?" Nico rambled. "It's not your fault, but you could at least make an effort when you go out with them," Eloise told him. Beauty was only skin-deep, why would anyone base off their attractions on looks purely? "Nico, the reason of why they even confess that they like you, is because when you start to draw; and I mean really get focused on your drawing, you get this aura around you that... makes you look... kind of beautiful. Even though I know what kind of person you are I still catch myself thinking that. A beautiful stoicism... that's why they confess to you." Eloise honestly answered Nico. "You think I'm beautiful?" Nico smirked up at Eloise. "I do, when you're drawing," Eloise admitted. "Well then, that settles it, let's go out Ellie," Nico announced cheekily. "Sure, I'm game," Eloise joked. "It's a date, November 1, Nico and Ellie started dating. How about I treat you to dinner tonight?" Nico said seriously. "You idiot," Eloise closed her eyes as she shook her head, "you aren't serious are you?" Nico blinked for a second, "well, yeah. Ellie, you're the only girl that knows me and doesn't expect me to be a certain way..." "God, Nico I was joking, besides you're not really interested in me." "Yeah, you're right," Nico said as if it were nothing. Nico was a sophomore at Olympus Academy, a school for the elite and wealthy, built in the famous uptown district of New York. It had been a private school solely for girls until four years ago when it decided to become co-ed. Boys had started to be let in, but the ratio of girls to boys was still too much. There were far more girls then there were boys, mostly due to the middle school section still only being for girls. And so these pampered, soft and sheltered girls had become expectant of what boys should be; proper gentlemen. Nico had gotten in because of an art scholarship, although his father could've easily afforded to send him there. Nico was fairly popular in the sense that he had a quiet and dark quality to him, not to mention that since joining the art club, he had won many art contests that were held throughout the schools of New York. Almost every girl and a few guys wanted to go out with Nico, and when they did, they expected him to be... well like a guy from a movie. But real life didn't work that way, and so whenever Nico did go out with someone who expected more from him, he would end up getting dumped. "Hey Ellie, hey Neeks," Nico heard the voice of his other friend, Jason Grace. A blonde with azure eyes, a well toned body, blonde hair and a killer smile. "Hey Jase," Eloise greeted. Nico glared at Jason, "how many times do I have to tell you to not call me Neeks?" "You can tell me as many times as you want, that's not gonna stop me," Jason said as he sat down in the desk in front of Nico. "Anyway," Jason began, "we have study period... you guys wanna order pizza?" Jason held out a pizza pamphlet and put it on the desk. "I could go for pizza," Eloise started to look through it. "Sounds good, I don't have anything better to do..." Nico looked along with Eloise. "Anything to make this Monday better..." Eloise muttered, "oh look, ham and bacon?" "Yum, anyone who votes for ham and bacon say I, I," Jason joked. Nico rolled his eyes at Jason's antics, "I, but then there's also meat lovers..." "Why not both?" Eloise suggested. "Alright! Let's order!" Jason took out his cellphone and spent the next few minutes ordering the pizza and giving the address. "I kinda forgot today was Monday..." Eloise said as she sat back down in her seat. "Yeah... hey today's the day right?" Jason asked her. "Hm? Oh yeah, someone is sure to ask him out today..." Eloise nodded her head. "What are you guys talking about?" Nico asked curiously. "Well, you've heard of Percy Jackson right?" Jason told him, "you know how he's got this weird habit of going out with someone for an entire week before breaking it off." "Yeah, the first person who asks him out on Monday, he goes out with them for an entire week before breaking it off on Sunday if he doesn't fall in love." Eloise added. "He goes out with a person, and if he doesn't fall in love with that person, he breaks it off?" Nico asked. "Yep, and I mean he'll go out with anyone that asks him out... on Sunday at the end of the week, he'll say to you, 'I'm sorry, but I didn't fall in love with you, we need to end things' ," Eloise told Jason and Nico. "How do you know about this?" Nico asked her. "Because I went out with him..." Nico stared at her for a minute before curiosity got the best of him. "And how was it? Going out with Percy?" "It was great..." Eloise sounded a bit sad and nostalgic. "Why would he go out with a person for only one week?" Nico questioned, "and why would anyone go out with him for one week without any questions asked?" "Who knows Nico, but I think one week's long enough for a dream. Percy is... perfectly faithful," Eloise puffed out her cheeks. "Despite that, Percy is pretty popular in school, his popularity never drops even if he does end things abruptly," Jason stated. "Why's that?" Nico turned to him. "Because," Eloise said, "in that one week, Percy will do whatever it is asked of him by his partner. He is the perfect boyfriend." Just then, Jason got a call from the pizza delivery man saying he should be there in three minutes. "Pizza's on its way," Jason ended the call and started to get up. "I got it," Nico got up and started to walk out. "Are you sure?" Jason asked him before he could leave. "Yeah, that way you two can repay me back by helping me with math!" Nico called as he left the room and hurried to wait for the pizza. Nico made his way down the four flights of stairs and slowly walked across the freshly cut grass. He waited outside by the gates and slid down to sit on the ground. He loosened up his tie even more. Nico was wearing the boys uniform for Olympus High, he had a white button up shirt with his tie hanging down messily,