Hello everyone! So, I decided to do another story seeing as how I finished two already and I'm only working on one, so I've got time to do another one! And thus this story was born! Well, I've been planning it so... anyway, this is story is going to be rated M because there's going to be a lot of cursing and violence, not sure if there's going to be smut yet... probably not. I hope you guys like it! Enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson and The Olympians Percy was silent throughout the car ride home. Once again he had gotten in trouble at his school. So much for Junior year turning out to be different. Percy scoffed at himself. He had promised his mom he would do better at this school. The year had just started and not even a month later he had gotten into another fight! What was wrong with him? Then again, he really couldn't stand the fact that he was getting kicked around by a snarky, snide, egotistical little shit who thought he was doing the whole school a goddamn favor by even going there. That goddamn shitface was getting on Percy's last nerves, pushing him around, acting like he was the boss of the school, like he was king. Kyle Kingston, the snobby, self-entitled little rich boy who's rich dad donated to the school could get away with anything at that school and it was completely unfair. Truman Prep was by far the most unfair school Percy had ever attended, even the name sounded pretentious. The reason he had been sent home today was because of the fight Percy and Kyle had, the former of course winning the fight and completely destroying Kyle. Not that Percy bragged much about his fighting skills, but he was called a Demon from those who knew about him. He used to fight solely to defend himself, and over time he had gotten good, so good others feared him once they heard of his name... well, those that were smart enough to believe the rumors that spread around in the streets, yes The Demon spread around pretty quickly. There were idiots that would challenge Percy, although he would never listen to them or even make a move to fight them. Not until they threw the first punch did he ever get involved. Now Kyle, obviously didn't know about the rumors, in fact no one at Truman Prep knew about the rumors or of his nick name, since of course Percy was only known as The Demon on the streets and at a few public schools and of course these kids were all sheltered. Percy guessed he shouldn't have butt in the first day at his new school, then he wouldn't have fought Kyle resulting in him getting sent home and yada yada. But, he didn't regret not helping that poor kid who was getting bullied by Kyle and his four goons. So he painted a target on his back, didn't matter to Percy until today that is. "Percy," his mother spoke, "I want to hear your side of the story, the principal barely let you talk, how could you defend your actions?" Percy let out a puff of air, his mother always was understanding, she didn't like that Percy fought a lot but, she understood his reasons behind them, most times. She was never one to get angry at Percy, or raise her voice at him, Sally Jackson was an incredible woman. Percy hated disappointing her, hated seeing her worry about trying to find another school that would accept Percy. But having the reputation of getting kicked out of 14 schools made other schools question whether to accept him or not. "Mom, he was... I was on the school's roof and he and his buddies... they started to beat up this kid who was known around the school for being gay... and I just couldn't let that slide." His mother sighed heavily, "Percy I understand you want to help, and that was great of you to stand up for someone else, but you can't fight someone else's battles or put yourself in danger. It's admirable that you help others but fighting isn't the answer." The rest of the ride home was silent and Percy couldn't think of anything else other than what was going to happen now... Once at home, Percy locked himself in his room, grabbed his guitar and started to strum it gently. His dad Poseidon gave it to him, just before he died in a car accident. His mother had been devastated but she continued on, drawing strength and pulling herself and Percy forward. He looked just like his father. Percy had the same windswept hair that made it seem as though he were standing on a ship at sea, the same sea green eyes that looked like the ocean were being held in them, the same skin that was a bit tan but still a bit fair, and in his earlier years, Poseidon had been lean yet muscular. Percy was the same way too, lean yet muscular and not too overwhelming either. And he was tall, standing at 6'3. No one could deny that Percy Jackson was a looker. At whatever school he had gone to, girls fawned over him and even a few boys. Although in all his years, no one had ever peaked his interest. No one made him question his actions or made his stomach flutter, or even make his pulse quicken and his heart beat fast at just the sight of them. No one had done that and maybe it could be due to the fact that Percy was utterly oblivious but, he just didn't find anyone who could capture his attention for more than a minute. Percy put his guitar away and laid down on his bed, he was tired and today had been exhausting, he needed rest. When he awoke, it was morning. He had slept all through the day before and night. Percy looked to his bedside table where his digital clock resided and saw the time. It was 5:30, the sun was just rising. He groggily got up and made his way to the bathroom. After doing his business, Percy made his way to the kitchen to grab himself something to eat before going back to sleep. The next time he woke up was around 9 am, and Percy heard his mother in the kitchen. The sea green eyed boy got up and walked over, already smelling pancakes and toast. He had been right, his mom had made her famous blue pancakes; it was a thing mother and son did. "Morning honey, you missed lunch and dinner yesterday so, I figured you'd be hungry this morning. I made pancakes, toast, bacon and ham, and blue chocolate chip cookies from yesterday. Eat up!" "Mom... you are the best!" Percy was fully awake now and started to dig in as his mom smiled and ruffled his hair. Sally left the kitchen and went to check on the mail. When she came back, she had a worried look on her face and Percy stopped eating as he looked at her. "Mom, what's wrong?" Percy asked, feeling worried. "Percy, you got expelled from the school..." Percy let out a heavy sigh, "again?" His mother nodded sadly. "Mom, I'm sorry-" "No Percy, you weren't completely at fault, I'm guessing Kyle's father had something to do with this." She looked at another envelope, opened it up and read the contents of it. Her face paled considerably. "What is it this time?" Percy asked, growing a bit fearful. "We're wanted at court tomorrow at 8 in the morning." Suddenly, Percy lost his appetite. What was going to happen to him? Was he going to be sent to a correctional facility? Kyle's father was more than just rich, he was also a diplomat, which means he could've pulled some strings to make sure Percy got in to even more trouble. This was more than unfair. Getting kicked out of school should have been enough, it was only Percy's first time getting in trouble so it didn't make sense that he would get kicked out unless Kyle's dad had something to do with it but to take it to court? Percy had no idea what was going to happen and he didn't want to think about it... tomorrow he would just have to see what was going to happen, and Percy just hoped it wasn't going to be anything too serious. The next day, Sally and Percy made it to the court room at 7:50, and waited for only a few minutes before being ushered inside a room where a judge sat. "Good morning Mrs. Jackson and Mr. Jackson," the old man greeted. "Good morning your honor," Sally politely spoke. "Good morning sir," Percy followed her example. "Please, take a seat." The old man was named Judge Roberts. He had graying hair, nice warm brown eyes, a wrinkled face that would light up at times and a kind smile. "Now then, we're here to discuss about young Percy Jackson and what school would take him in next... the problem is no school is going to consider taking Percy in and that is all Kent Kingston's doing, the father of Kyle Kingston." Percy felt his stomach drop. If no school was going to take him in, would he have to drop out or... get his GED? "Wait, so- Percy can't finish school all because of one man?" Sally's voice trembled slightly. "Mr. Kingston holds a bit of sway with diplomatic status and money, not to mention he is going into politics, running for governor of New York, and because other schools are fearful of what he could do, they won't accept young Percy. They're afraid to be on the end of his wrath... but I feel I have found a solution." At the sound of that, both Sally and Percy perked up and listened intently at the judge. "Now, the fight isn't entirely Percy's fault, in fact when I look at his records, Percy only seems to fight for the downtrodden and is never the one to throw the first punch. His methods to help others seem a bit out of wack but it's the way he is and well, what can we do about that?" The judge smiled softly and neither mother or son couldn't help but return the smile. "Now then, there are two schools that can't be bullied by Kent Kingston, one of them is Tribecca Prep, and it would accept Percy on the one condition that he attend another school for seven months, without getting into a single fight and it would be the ultimate test considering what type of school it is; it's name is Wild's Academy. If he can do that, Tribecca Prep has guaranteed a spot for Percy up until he graduates and they will not expel him under any circumstance. It's a great opportunity. Now the other school can't be bullied because well... it's a school for delinquents... ironic since it's also the school Tribecca Prep wants Percy to attend...Wild's Academy..." Wild's Academy. A school for delinquents. A dangerous school known to hold a vast number of dangerous students. Students that have been to juvenile, have been in gangs or are still in gangs... "So, wait a minute... I have to go to this school, for seven months, a school for delinquents who are in gangs and things like that and if I do good, I can leave and I'm guaranteed a spot in Tribecca Prep without getting expelled ever?" Percy asked the judge, feeling a swirl of emotions. "Correct." "Oh god, Percy honey, that's dangerous you could-" Sally stopped mid-sentence, fearing for what her son would have to go through. "Mom, it's better than just going there until I graduate next year, if I behave good for seven months then I get to go to a