Hello! Welcome to my new story! Yes, it's a one shot and not a multichapter story! I decided I wanted to try my hand at writing a one shot, see how well I do... Tell me what you think, constructive criticism is much appreciated! Sorry for any spelling mistakes and grammatical errors. Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson and The Olympians One night, all it takes is one night to change your life forever. Everyday, it was the same everyday. Nico would see him, all the time, every day at 9 am and then again every night at 10 pm. The subway at this time, was always empty. Not too many people took this train to go into the more quieter parts of the city at this time of the night. Nico saw him, sitting across from him, listening to music on his ear phones, tapping his foot to the rhythm. Like always. That black, windswept hair that looked naturally unruly, tan skin that seemed to be adored by the sun unlike Nico's own incredibly pale skin tone. That lean body that was muscular without being too overwhelming and most of all, those piercing sea green eyes looked so crystal clear and resembled the ocean, dark and mysterious yet light and playful. Like always when these two strangers would see each other upon boarding the subway, they would wave, a hi and bye thing. Never once having struck up conversation between each other in the three years since boarding the same train, getting on and off at the same stop, going up the same stairwell, and finally separating once they were back above ground level. They would always sit across from each other and sometimes, the green eyed male would smile at Nico in a kind way before going back to listening to his music. They would both be seen listening to music, with their own headphones and devices out as they changed songs or replayed them. In the three years since Nico started to go to college and work part time at a book store, riding this train to get to his classes and go to work only to take the same train to get back to his lonely apartment with only his dog, Mrs. O'Leary waiting for him, he had seemingly fallen in love at first sight when he gazed upon the sea green eyed male, who's name, Nico didn't know. Conversation seemed a trivial thing to Nico, who was incredibly unsocial for the fact that he rarely found people he could stand to be around him, but never had he ever felt such an urge to make conversation with the male in front of him. If only for the fact that he could find out his name... Nico wondered what type of music he liked to listen to, if he was straight, had anyone in his life that he was seeing, what type of person was he like, his personality, what did he do. Nico was filled with questions and he wanted answers to every single one of them. It was a delusional pipe dream of his that would never come true, but he wanted nothing more than to speak with the sea green eyed male that always sat in front of him with his blue duffle bag as he tapped his foot in beat of the music. ... Their stop came and Nico got up and stood by the doors, waiting alongside the sea green eyed male for the doors to open. "You have now reached Marble Hill, you have now reached Marble Hill." A voice over the intercom spoke as the doors slid open and Nico and the sea green eyed male walked out. They walked out and made their way to the exit, going up the many set of stairs until they were above ground. Nico turned to the sea green eyed male to give him a wave before going his separate way home, when he heard a silvery voice speak behind him, "What's your name?" Nico looked over at the sea green eyed male, shock clearly evident on his face, his brown eyes wide. Nico coughed as he felt his cheeks fill with color, his voice was very pleasant, he decided he should answer the tan male before he looked like a weirdo. "Nico di Angelo... you?" "Percy Jackson," Percy smiled at Nico, he held out his hand, "nice to officially meet you." Nico laughed nervously as he took Percy's hand and shook it. "Nice to meet you too..." "So, how old are you?" Percy asked as they stood there in the warm, spring night, talking. "I'm 20, you?" "I'm 22, I'll be turning 23 in August. Hey, you're close to being 21 soon, are you ready to party?" Percy grinned in a lopsided way that made him look adorably young, well younger than he already was. "Um, not really..." Nico mumbled under his breath. Percy frowned slightly, having heard Nico, "well why not?" "Um... I'm not really the partying type..." Nico looked away, feeling odd because he was different. "Oh. Well hey, that's cool. So, where do you usually come from?" Percy decided to change the subject. "Washington Heights, you?" "Same," Percy smiled down at him. "I work as a waiter for this restaurant, it's a steakhouse, what do you do? Are you in school?" "Yeah, but I also work at a book store, it's called Books Galore! which is a pretty small but it's a nice and comfortable place." Nico looked around, trying to avoid looking Percy in the eyes, he was afraid of getting sucked in and hypnotized by those vivid sea green eyes. "Nice, I might visit it one day, my girlfriend likes books... and well, her birthday is coming up in July... " Percy absentmindly looked down at the ground as he spoke of his girlfriend. Suddenly, he looked up at Nico and gave him a small smile, "do you have a girlfriend?" Nico thought that the best thing to ever happen was talking to Percy and then it went downhill when he mentioned he had a girlfriend... and it got even worse when he was asked if he had a girlfriend... Nico mentally groaned as he blushed slightly. "Um... yeah, there aren't any girls in my life right now... or ever..." "Oh, oh! " Percy felt his face flush, "my bad man, I just- I was-" "It's okay," Nico smiled softly, "well I gotta go, I have school tomorrow and then work, I'll see you tomorrow Percy Jackson." Nico turned to leave as he left a stumbling Percy behind, "wait, Nico di Angelo! It was nice meeting you, see you tomorrow." The next day, Nico got on the train and saw Percy making his way inside. "Nico di Angelo, how are you doing?" Percy asked as soon as he zeroed in on Nico. "Huh? Oh I'm fine, you?" Nico yawned lowly as he rubbed his eyes. "Good, you look sleepy, did you get enough sleep last night?" Percy asked, looking Nico over. "Uh," the brown eyed male blushed, "kinda?" In truth, Nico had been too happy and filled with adrenaline about the fact that he had spoken to Percy to even go to sleep. He had been up almost all night, replaying the whole conversation. Sure, Percy mentioning he had a girlfriend had put a damper on Nico, but he had been able to talk to Percy and that's what really mattered. Needless to say, he went to sleep very, very late the night before. "You have class all day today?" Percy asked him as the train moved along the rails. "Until 3:30 and then I go to work, you, do you go to school?" "I did, I'll be going this fall, I took a year off to just work but... I decided to go back. What are you majoring in?" "English, I'm gonna be a writer, you?" "I'm gonna be a marine biologist, so... I guess it goes with you..." "Hm?" Nico asked Percy, a single eyebrow raised. "That you would work in a bookstore and you want to be a writer..." Percy elaborated. "Oh, yeah, I love reading and writing... just came naturally." "Why do you want to be a marine biologist?" Nico asked Percy. "I love the sea and I want to learn more, I mean, we know more about space than the ocean there's probably hundreds of species out there that we haven't discovered and the ocean runs so much deeper... I just want to explore it all... sorry I'm rambling," Percy blushed slightly. Nico laughed softly, "no it's okay, I don't mind." Nico waited for the train to come at 10. He was sitting alone on a bench, a book in his hand, waiting patiently. Suddenly, someone sat next to him but he didn't bother to see who it was as he was into his book at the moment, besides, if he did look up to see how it was, that person might want to have a conversation with Nico and he for one, couldn't bother with that. "Wow," a familiar voice spoke, "you're really into your book, you didn't even look up to see who sat next to you, for all you know, it could've been a mugger or something." Amusement laced the words of Percy Jackson as Nico looked at him, a small smile gracing his face. "Hi." "Hi." Percy smiled at him. "Did you just come out of work?" Nico asked, and then mentally slapped himself because, duh, of course Percy had just come out of work. "Yeah, it was pretty busy today for some reason..." "Well, summer is here so people do tend to stay out later." "Yeah but it's a Wednesday night," Percy whined and then turned to Nico, "how was your day by the way?" "It was fine, not too slow but not too busy either." The train approached and Percy and Nico both stood up to get on it. The doors slid open and in they went, Nico sat in his usual spot and thought Percy would sit in his own spot, but he didn't anticipate Percy to sit down next to him. He watched from the corner of his eye as Percy slid into the seat next to Nico and silently tap his foot as the doors closed and the train started moving. "So, do you have a lot friends?" Percy asked after a while. "Um... just two, well one, the other one is my step sister. I'm not really- social.. no, I said that wrong, there's rarely so few people I can actually stand." Percy looked at Nico for a second before laughing, and Nico stared on in confusion. "Wow," Percy spoke once he controlled his laughter, "that's unexpected, but I do appreciate how blunt you are. Besides, now you have three friends. I'm your friend, I mean- I hope you can stand me...?" Nico smiled softly at Percy, "yeah, I think I can stand you, if not, then I'll just ignore you from here on out." Nico laughed lowly at Percy's expression once he heard what he said. "We should hang out sometime, here let me give you my number okay?" Percy dug out his phone and Nico decided to do the same, all the while his heart pounded in his chest. "O-okay..." ... Nico opened the door to his apartment and slid inside. Mrs. O'Leary barked happily as she saw her owner and ran to him, jumping up on her hind legs as she tried to lick Nico's face. "Hey girl, miss me?" Nico asked softly as his dog gave bark. She soon got off of Nico as he made his way into the kitchen, passing by his living room and dumping his things on the couch. Nico went over to his wooden cabinet and reached for the canned dog food. Like always, Nico left out kibble on two bowls and three bowls of water for Mrs. O'Leary to eat and