Hello everyone! Yes, this is a new story I've been working on for the past four? five? maybe, months! This story is a bit different... I'd like to think so... Now, I got the idea a long time ago when I read The Giver , when I saw the anime No. 6 , when I saw the anime Psycho Pass (especially), when I read Divergent and The Hunger Games . All of it came to me to form this story... a society desperate for a utopian world, for an idealistic place in which crime can be prevented. In which there are no differences, a place where everything is accepted without a fuss. Without war, without hate, a place where we, as humans have come to an understanding and tolerance. I know, heavy topic huh? Can utopia really be reached? Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson and The Olympians Beautiful Porcelain skin. Ebony hair, as dark as night itself. I watched him, from afar in this train made of metal. Beautiful. That one word, was the only word I could think of. He truly was beautiful. Looking at him, it was mesmerizing even. The way he captured my attention from the moment I was put in this train to be transported to hell, he was entrancing. He was hypnotizing. Never did I ever think with all of my bad luck, that I would ever find someone like him. Well, at least not again... I never thought I would get a second chance. It was an anomaly in the grand scheme of things- because he did his best to blend in with us . Us being the prisoners - although we're not exactly called that yet. No, we're called latent criminals . That's what we are... criminals . We did things to warrant our arrest and to be transported to the place where no one in the comfy and lavish community knew about. A place where keeping your sanity is your priority. It was always something to be discussed, to keep in check your mind and emotions, because they were a dangerous thing. But currently, my mind was focused on something else or rather someone else. I just couldn't keep my eyes off of him. What was it about him that made it so hard to ignore? The more I looked at him, the more I found myself wanting to get closer to him. To talk to him, get to know his story. What he did to get here. He was wearing normal clothing, so that ruled out my interest in his attire. Normal black pants, and a normal white t-shirt, with normal black shoes. Nothing about his clothes caught my attention. It was just him. I sighed once, and looked down. Trying to build up my courage to go over there and talk to him. Unfortunately, my nerves got the best of me and I stayed glued to my seat. I looked around the room and saw the guards, dressed in their black clothing, with their weapons in position to fire if someone stepped out of line. They were stationed at the doors, blocking all forms of escape. It would've been idiotic if someone were to do that anyway. They would find you in less than a day, and by then, well you'd be less fortunate. We were allowed to move around so long as we didn't cause trouble. I saw a few criminals, a mix of both men and women all around the train. Some were sitting others were standing, some were chatting nervously while others sat quietly, you could see the fear in everyone's eyes. My eyes flickered back up and I found myself staring straight into his dark brown eyes, that seemed abysmal. He stared at me, his face devoid of any emotion, eyes dull, and I felt my cheeks fill with color as he kept looking at me. Then he looked away, but I found myself unable to move, let alone breath. "You're staring." I heard a feminine voice whisper lowly to me. I looked to my right and there was this girl sitting beside me, studying me intently. My mouth felt dry, and I found myself unable to speak. She smiled softly at me. "It's okay to stare. He is rather pretty looking- for a boy." I felt myself blush as she bluntly stated what I had been thinking. But he was more than pretty. "I'd say he is beautiful." My mouth moved of its own accord. "Mm," her smile grew as she looked at me, her eyes sparkling. I couldn't exactly pinpoint their exact color, they kept changing. "My name is Piper McLean." "I'm Percy Jackson." I introduced myself to the girl, Piper. She had brown, chestnut hair, that was cut to look choppy with a stray braid or two done randomly and a blue feather stuck on her head. Her skin was tan maybe a bit darker than tan actually and her eyes were like a kaleidoscope, shifting from different colors depending on the light. She was extremely pretty I'll admit, but never as gorgeous as the boy with porcelain skin. "What are you in for?" she asked me, polite enough so as not to make me feel uncomfortable. Nonetheless, I still made a face, not wanting to talk about it. "I see... you're not a talker, well I'm in here because a club was raided and they caught me. They also caught my friend there," she pointed to a Latino boy, with black curly hair, wild and untamed. He had light brown eyes that danced with mischief and a smirk that told anyone who gave him a glance that he was up to no good, but I already knew him. I had bought something off of him three years ago... something that helped me stay hidden for this long... "Leo Valdez," we both said at the same time, and she looked over at me, an eyebrow raised up, surprise on her face. She quickly composed herself and merely gave me a shrug. "Well, seems like you know him... but of course the Enforcers had been trying tirelessly to capture Leo for some time now." She shook her head as a small smile dared to play on her lips. "He's a fairly good friend of mine." "Yes, I know him. He sells technology on the black market... well he used to sell technology on the black market, what with his capture. Why were you in a club?" Her lips tilted up minutely as she looked at me, and I realized it was pretty daring of me to ask her that question. It was really me being nosy because I hadn't even answered her question. Piper's lips quirked up as she answered my question anyway. "Well, I was part of a band of revolutionaries that had been trying to open the eyes of the public. My friends Silena Beauregard, Clarisse La Rue, and Adam Fernandez over there were also caught alongside me." I looked to see where she had pointed. A girl, with long, straight, brunette hair and big blue eyes, peach skin and a slim figure was sitting. She was incredibly pretty, and I couldn't believe that she was part of a revolutionary group. She was sitting to next a girl, with red-brown wavy hair, mean looking brown eyes and a scowl that seemed permanently etched on her face. And then, behind the two girls sat a boy, about my age with light brown hair and dark brown eyes, he was lean yet with a bit of a muscular build. He looked at ease, almost a bit serene considering where we were all heading to. I looked back to the boy with eyes like dark chocolate as he looked outside the window with dull eyes, and I began to wonder what his name was, what he had done, what kind of story he had to tell. Was it possible to fall in love at first sight? Did that even exist anymore? Especially with the way things were run in Attica... Did I really just fall in love? Again? Was it possible to get a second chance at love? I shook my head to get out of my musings and looked away, it would be best to do it now and not have him catch me looking at him. God, how embarrassing would that be. I briefly wondered how much time had passed... we had been riding this train for a good 30 minutes. We had been taken from the underground cell we had been placed in, all 150 of us prisoners being transported to a place called Attica Annex Correctional Facility . At least that was what the Enforcers told us when they captured us. I wondered how far this place was. Slowly, my eyes started to droop, and I felt extremely tired. I figured a small nap wouldn't hurt. "Hey, are you tired?" Piper's voice shook me awake just a bit. "A bit, I haven't slept in since yesterday..." I trailed off. Yesterday... had been the day I was captured. The look of disgust on the Enforcer's face... "You can sleep a bit if you want? From what I've found out, we're going to be on this train for another good three hours." Piper told me. "You can sleep, I'll wake you when we get near to our own little hell." I looked at her for awhile, wondering why she was being so nice to me and how calm she was considering we were going to prison. "Thank you," I settled for a smile. She returned it. I sat lower in my seat, let my head fall against the window and slowly went to sleep. ... "Mom! I'm home!" I called out to my mother. Sally Jackson, a beautiful woman, married to Poseidon Jackson, a handsome man. People said I may have looked like my father, but I had gotten most of my mother's traits and personality. My mother was playful and kind. She was compassionate and a bit of a rebel. It wasn't a mystery that my father had fallen in love with her. She had dark brown-black hair, with blue eyes, a slim figure and a dazzling smile. My father was a bit of a mischievous man, a man who was playful and fun yet stern when need be. I hadn't always been the perfect child. Like my father I was a mischievous boy at heart, but like my mother I often thought of others. My father had black, windswept hair, tan skin that seemed to be bathed in sunlight on a daily basis, and a muscular build. But his most prominent and probably most memorable features were his eyes, which I had inherited. Sea green eyes that seemed to hold the ocean in them. "Hey mom! I'm home and I'm super hungry!" I called out to my mother. I was 18 years old again, coming home from my first day at college. I walked through my old yet familiar house. The memories flooded back from the recesses of my mind. The old house. Well, it was more modern than the houses from outside Attica, or so I was told before, but a bit dated compared to the ones inside the community. On the outside, it was brick, reddish brown brick. The door was oak with a small window in the center made of stained glass, of red, white and yellow. There was a huge window off to the side near the door, that had an amazing view of this park where a big lake lay. The house was three stories tall. Once the door opened up, you were greeted with the living room, that was painted orange and yellow and red, warm colors chosen by my mother who with my father's help decorated the room. There was a huge couch that was a light coffee brown color, and a love seat on one side of the room that matched, along