Hello everyone! So Happy Early Halloween! This is another story I'm going to be working on although it's going to be short! I hope you guys like it! Please review! Constructive criticism is much appreciated! Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson and The Olympians nor Corpse Bride Nico as Emily Percy as Victor Van Dort Annabeth as Victoria Everglot Jason as Bonejangles Kronos as Lord Barkis Bitter Frank as the Town Crier Sally and Poseidon Jackson as Mr. and Mrs. Van Dort Athena and Annabeth's dad, Mr. Chase as Mr. and Mrs. Everglot Gaea as Elder Gutknecht Leo as Maggot Hazel as Black Widow Reyna as General Bonesapart Zeus as Pastor Gallswells Mrs. Jackson It's a beautiful day Mr. Jackson It's a rather nice day Mrs. Jackson A day for a glorious wedding Mr. Jackson A rehearsal, my dear, to be perfectly clear Mrs. Jackson A rehearsal for a glorious wedding Mr. Jackson Assuming nothing happens that we don't really know Mrs. Jackson That nothing unexpected interferes with the show Mr. and Mrs. Jackson And that's why everything, every last little thing, every single tiny microscopic little thing must go... Mrs. Jackson According to plan Mr. Jackson Our son will be married Mrs. Jackson According to plan Mr. Jackson Our family carried Mr. and Mrs. Jackson We'll go into the heights of society Mrs. Jackson To the costume balls, Mr. Jackson In the hallowed halls Mrs. Jackson Rubbing elbows with the finest Mr. Jackson Having crumpets with her highness Mr. and Mrs. Jackson We'll be there, we'll be seen, having tea with the queen. We'll forget everything... that we've ever ever been. ... Mrs. Chase It's a terrible day Mr. Chase Now don't be that way Mrs. Chase It's a terrible day for a wedding Mr. Chase It's a sad, sad state of affairs we're in Mrs. Chase That has led to this ominous wedding Mr. Chase How could our family have come to this? Mr. and Mrs. Chase To marry off our daughter to the nouveaux-rich Mrs. Chase They're so common Mr. Chase So coarse Mrs. Chase Oh, it couldn't be worse! Mr. Chase It couldn't be worse? I'm afraid I disagree. It could be land-rich bankrupt aristocracy, without a penny to their name... just like you... and me. Mrs. Chase Oh, dear Mr. and Mrs. Chase And that's why everything, every last little thing, every single tiny microscopic little thing must go... Mrs. Chase According to plan Mr. Chase Our daughter will wed Mrs. Chase According to plan Mr. Chase Our family lead Mr. and Mrs. Chase From the depths of the deepest poverty Mrs. Chase To the noble realm Mr. Chase Of our ancestors Mr. and Mrs. Chase And who'd have guessed in a million years that our daughter, with the face Mr. Chase Of an otter in disgrace Mr. and Mrs. Chase Would provide our ticket to our rightful place? Annabeth (speaking) What if Percy and I don't... like each other? Mrs. Chase (speaking) Do you suppose your father and I like each other? Annabeth (speaking) Surely you must... a little... Mr. and Mrs. Chase (speaking) Of course not! Mrs. Chase (speaking) Get those corsets laced properly... I can hear you speak without gasping. Marriage is a partnership. A little tit-for-a-tat you'd think a lifetime watching us Might've taught her that Might've taught her that. Mr. Chase Everything must be perfect Mrs. Chase Everything must be perfect Mr. Chase Everything must be perfect Mr. and Mrs. Chase Everything must be perfect Mr. and Mrs. Jackson & Mr. and Mrs. Chase That's why everything, every last little thing, every single tiny microscopic little thing must go... According to plan! ... "Ahh! Hello there Lord Chase and Lady Athena Chase, my, my, how are you today?" Sally Jackson chirped along as she made her way inside the Chase's household. "Oh, we're fine, Lady Sally," Athena Chase pulled on a face of disgust as she watched Sally walk around the center of the entrance room. "Hello there Lord Chase," Poseidon Jackson held out his hand for Mr. Chase to shake. "Hello there, Lord Jackson, how are you?" Mr. Chase asked as he shook Poseidon's offered hand. Soon, Percy Jackson came walking in through the entrance and looked around the room. Percy Jackson was a young man with black, windswept hair, sun-kissed skin, and piercing sea-green eyes, like his father Poseidon. He was tall, reaching up to six feet three, and he was lean yet muscular. Many girls had wanted to be married off to Percy Jackson because of his looks, but only one girl had been lucky enough to marry him, and that was Annabeth Chase. Not that Annabeth Chase had asked her parents to marry her off. She had in fact wanted to marry Luke Castellan; a young man with blonde hair, blue eyes like the sky, fair skin and even though he had a scar marring his features that ran from below his left eye to his chin, he was still handsome. And he was sweet, gentle, kind, and completely made Annabeth's knees weak. Percy Jackson and Annabeth Chase had had loads of conversations as acquaintances, but they never once dreamed that they would have to marry. Percy had wanted to fall in love, he believed that marriage was supposed to be based on love and not be forced. But alas, Annabeth's parents went bankrupt and so called in a favor to the Jackson's. Now here they were, rehearsing to get married the next day. It was all so sudden and scary, Percy had to steady his breathing as Annabeth's mother came walking up to him, with her husband in tow. "Hello young Perseus," Mrs. Chase held out her hand, which Percy took and placed a chaste kiss on it. "Hello Lady Chase, hello Lord Chase," Percy turned his attention to Mr. Chase as they shook hands. "I hope you're prepared young man," Mr. Chase told Percy. And not long after that little exchange, did Annabeth make an appearance. Percy would not deny that Annabeth was beautiful, she was not someone he loved but still, she was at least better than most girls who chased after him. Annabeth was a rather tall girl, reaching up to five feet ten and she was slim, with a small waist. She was fair-skinned, with beautiful storm gray eyes, a small pink mouth and plump cheeks, she had blonde curly hair that was tied up into a bun. Some strands fell out though, and framed her face nicely. She was wearing a simple black, long-sleeved dress and she slowly made her descent down the stairs. Once she reached the bottoms steps, the adults moved into the living room and Percy and Annabeth stayed behind. The silence that ensued was very awkward and Percy coughed slightly, trying to figure out what to say. "So, h-" Percy began. "How-" Annabeth spoke at the same time as Percy. They each laughed nervously, as they stopped mid-sentence and glanced at each other. "Go on," Annabeth told Percy. "No, my apologies, please continue," Percy offered Annabeth to continue. "Very well then, how are you Percy?" Annabeth asked, trying to find a way to converse and disperse of this awkward tension that seemed to have filled the air. "W-well, a bit nervous, actually. And you? Are you okay with this?" Percy asked Annabeth. Annabeth looked down, a frown making itself prominent on her face as she thought of how Luke took the news. They were both left heart broken and in despair. "Well, it's not something I had expected... but it must be done." Annabeth responded in a tight voice. "I am so sorry Annabeth, I knew how smitten you were with Luke..." Percy apologized. "No don't be sorry, it's not your fault Percy. And besides, I'm rather glad it's you I'm marrying and not someone else. You are a very kind man Perseus," Annabeth smiled at Percy as she told him what she honestly thought about the whole situation. Percy let out a nervous chuckle as he made his way to the piano in the room. His mother Sally, had taught Percy how to play at a very young age and he loved to sometimes play the piano when he was bored at home. He sat down on the bench and pressed down on a key. He soon let his fingers flit through the piano keys and played a tune. It was something he had done to ease his nerves. Annabeth came closer and sat down next to Percy on the bench and watched him play. Perhaps with time, they could both learn to love each other, although to Annabeth, it would never be the same love she felt for Luke. She was thankful for the fact that Percy was very easy to get along with. "That's a very a beautiful tune, who taught you to play the piano?" Annabeth asked Percy when he finished playing. "My mother, do you know how to play the piano?" Percy asked Annabeth. "No, my mother said proper girls shouldn't learn something that wouldn't benefit them..." Annabeth responded. Soon, Annabeth's mother came into the room they were. "Annabeth, Perseus! What is this? You two shouldn't be allowed to be left alone together! You've not even wed yet. Come along now, let's get going to the church to rehearse the marriage vows." Lady Athena ushered both Annabeth and Percy out towards the carriages that were waiting for them. Percy and his family rode in one carriage while, Annabeth and her family rode in the other. Both families soon departed to the Town church to rehearse their vows with Pastor Zeus. Unbeknownst to either family, a stranger appeared, having traveled a long way to get here. His name was Lord Kronos Bitter and he strutted the streets, acting high and mighty. He had black hair like a raven's feathers, unnaturally pale skin, and light brown eyes that almost looked golden. He was handsome in a way that was a bit scary. He knew what he wanted and knew he would get it. He had his eyes set on a single person in this pathetic excuse of a town. A person of whom was wealthy and had value to their name, and he intended to get his hands on that fortune. "Hear ye, hear ye, wedding rehearsal today! The Jacksons' and Chases' soon to be united!" Frank Zhang called out throughout the Town, announcing the news and ringing his bell as he repeated the news again. ... "Now then, repeat after me: with this hand, I will lift your sorrows. Your cup will never empty, for I will be your wine. With this candle, I will light your way in darkness. With this ring, I ask you to be mine," Pastor Zeus said lines of the vows. "With this hand," Percy lifted his right hand, "I-" "The other hand, Perseus," Zeus interrupted. "Right, sorry. With this hand, I will lift your sorrows. With your cup, I will give you wine-" "No! Your cup will never empty, for I will be your wine!" Pastor Zeus exclaimed. "Sorry! Your cup will never empty, for I will be your wine. With this candle..." Percy lifted the candle in his hand and brought it closer to light it. "With... this... candle ..." Percy repeated, trying and failing to light the candle, but it didn't seem to be catching fire. "With this candle... with this candle!" Percy nervously repeated as Annabeth's parents sighed heavily, his parents looked on nervously and the pastor glared at him. Finally it caught on fire. "Aha!" Percy exclaimed in victory, "with this candle I shall-" "Will!" Pastor Zeus boomed, which frightened Percy so much so that he dropped the candle and it fell on Lady Athena's dress, making it catch on fire. "Oh! Nooooo! Somebody help me!" Lady Athena shrieked as her husband and Lord Poseidon tried to put out the fire. "Let me fan it!" Lady Sally exclaimed, fanning away at the