Just Watch Me Chapter One Jake groaned as he phased back to his human self. His patrol shift was over and it was time to rest. It was the beginning of April and he was getting tired of the constant calls and pleads from Bella Swan for forgiveness. It had been two weeks since she chose that leech over him and he was still licking his wounds. He couldn't talk to her. No, he wouldn't show any weakness to her charms. Sure, he loved that girl like crazy, but that wasn't just about him. His whole pack was sore about her choosing their enemy over them, the ones who protected her while her precious bloodsuckers left her to fend for herself with a vengeful vampire on her ass. It made his heart sputter like an old car when he would see her name on the caller ID. He was glad she called, but he also wished she wouldn't. He caught himself wanting to call her back. Sometimes he did, but he would call from someone else's phone. She would answer, but he wouldn't say anything. He would just listen to her sweet voice saying hello over and over again before she would hang up. God, he missed her so much. Her sweet, doe eyes, alabaster skin, and the feel on her small, cool hand in his. Her strawberry scent would overwhelm him with a need to smell her. He hated how she looked so sad all the time until that bloodsucker came back. He hated that it was that asshole who brought the life back into her eyes. He wanted to be the one to do that to her, but he had never been that lucky, period. He threw on his cut off shorts and a blue t-shirt he had tied to his ankle before emerging from the woods. He could have sworn he smelled the strawberry scent of the girl of his dream linger, but he had to be mistaken. Her truck wasn't anywhere to be seen. He knew she wouldn't have walked the ten miles from her house to his. That would have just been ridiculous! He walked up the porch and opened the front door. Slowly stepping in, he turned towards the couch. He expected to find his father there, but he was surprised to see Bella Swan sitting there as well. She looked good. Her skin was a little darker, more fair than pale, and she had a healthy blush. There was life in her eyes though she looked sad as she gazed at his father. She had put on a healthy amount of weight to make up for what she had lost in her months of being in a nearly catatonic state. One thing that seemed strange to him was what happened when she noticed him there. She looked to him and her face lit up like the fourth of July. She had never looked at him like that before and it made his heart race. His face didn't show it, though. He kept a stern, hard mask to cover his joy at her being there. He was still sore at her for the betrayal of siding with the bloodsuckers. "What are you doing here?" He asked, his voice reflecting the disapproval on his face. The light mood on her face disappeared, replaced with a sadness that ran down to her soul. She had to have been wrong to think an apology and an admission of her mistake would erase the damage her decisions had caused. Jake still hates me. She thought to herself before hugging her chest. "Um, I was just leaving." She went to stand up and Billy quickly grabbed her hand, halting the movement. "Bella, you don't have to go." She quickly shook her head. "It's okay, Billy. I'm smart enough to know when I've overstayed my welcome." She gently pulled her hand from the Quileute Chief's hand and slowly walked to the door, gazing up at Jake with sad eyes, before opening the door. "Jacob." She bid him farewell with just his name before she walked out. His heart wrenched with the pain of her sadness before he looked at his father, seeing his irritation at Jacob's unwelcoming behavior. "What?" He questioned the expression on his father's face before Billy pointed to the seat Bella had previously taken up. "Sit, now." His voice was so commanding. It even made the Alpha wolf within his son cower. Jacob strolled over and plopped down on the couch with a grumble. "What was she doing here?" The Chief's eyes softened before he took a sad breath. He knew his son was hurting, but thing had changed drastically from what Bella had just gotten done telling him. "Jake, just listen. That's all I'm asking." He had too much respect for his dad not to adhere to his request. "Okay." He replied quickly and the Chief sighed in relief. He worried his son might run and this would never be resolved. "Bella came over to deliver me a message for one, but she also came to talk to you." He couldn't imagine what message she could have for his father. He didn't want to know why she wanted to talk to him, but he would question the other thing. "What message? From the leeches?" Billy nodded with sorrow implanted in his eyes. "Yes, they figured it would be easier for her to deliver it than them. The Cullen's are leaving Forks, for good, again." Billy spoke with a little less confidence and sadness filled Jacob. "Which means Bella is leaving." He stated, but he couldn't have been farther off. "No, son." Jacob's jaw slacked with disbelief. "She is staying behind? Why?" "All she said was that she broke up with him when he told her they had to leave. Something about seeing the error of her ways and deciding to take her natural path." Jacob gasped in shock. "She decided to stay human and she wanted to apologize to you for accepting them back into her life." It was like a dream come true. She decided to stay human and she left the leech. That family of abominations were leaving and never coming back. The hope for a future for him and his Bells came crashing back to the forefront of his mind with a vengeance. "Oh, my god." He was bewildered by this. Maybe with time, he could be enough for her. He knew her heart must be hurting, but he was a patient man. He would wait his whole life for an opportunity to be with her. "You should go talk to her. She parked at the beach. If you hurry, you can catch her." Jacob knew he needed to talk to her. No more hiding. It was time for the confrontation with the girl of his dreams. "Alright." The boy stood up and jogged quickly out of the house and down the street. He found he made it to Second Beach just on time. She was climbing into her truck as he yelled out to her. "Bells! Wait!" She had been filled with a broken heart from the moment she left the Black house. She had done the one thing Jacob could never forgive. Her heart was cracking further with each step she took and tears threatened to fall. She wanted to go home and wallow in self-pity. She had done this to herself. Jacob hated her and it was her own damn fault. All because she was stupid enough to take Edward Cullen back. Her head snapped around when she heard the undeniable voice of her ex-best friend. She looked to him with her sad eyes as he came to a halt in front of her. "Don't worry. I'm leaving." He quickly grabbed her hand as she was about to close the driver's side door and their eyes locked. She could see the desperation and regret lingering in his cinnamon eyes. His eyes told her that he didn't really want her to go. He wanted her to stay and she knew it. "Don't go, Bells." This was the first time he called her by her nickname since Alice came the check on her in March, before she went to save Edward from the Volturi. This warmed her heart and a smile rose across her lips. He missed her smile. God, it was so beautiful. "Walk with me?" He begged. He never was one to grovel, but he always seemed to be where she was concerned. "Sure." She grabbed his hand the way he always did hers and he gave her one of his real, Jacob smiles that she loved so much. It was so carefree and natural upon his face. His eyes brightened and the crease on his forehead lifted. When she thought of Jacob, this is how she always imagined his face looking. Shaggy hair disheveled, big, goofy smile, and eyes so full of life. He was her Jacob again. He lead her to the sand and they strolled back and forth against the violent surf. There wasn't a cloud in sight and the sun burned just perfectly. It reminded her of Jacob's embrace, but she couldn't go there just yet. "So, what happened?" Jake finally broke the comfortable silence and her eyes snapped to him. "What do you mean?" He cocked an eyebrow at her and she couldn't stop the giggle that left from that strange look. He looked suspicious. "You know what I mean. Dad said they left." He watched her expression for any change, but her expression stayed calm and relax. "No, they are leaving. Tomorrow to be specific." This made him uneasy. There was still time for her to change her mind to go with them and that was the last thing he wanted to happen. "It's understandable why they are leaving. People are starting to get suspicious of Carlisle and Esme looking like they are in their early thirties when they are supposed to be in their fifties." Jacob nodded. It did seem reasonable, but he remembered her telling him that this was the same reason they left before. "Why aren't you going with them?" He asked, a somber expression crossing his face. "Edward said it would cause too much of a stir with Charlie if I did. Not that I wanted to, anyways. I want to stay here, in Forks. It's my home." Shock ran through him with a vengeance. She wanted to stay behind. This was her choice. "Why?" They stopped walking and he dropped her hand. She looked to him, confusion in her gaze, before he took a deep breath. "You were pretty adamant a few weeks ago that you wanted to be one of them and suddenly you are fine with staying here, living a normal life. I have a hard time believing you had an epiphany all of the sudden." She rolled her eyes before crossing her arms, an amused smirk on her face. "It wasn't sudden. Breaking up with him and staying behind may seem sudden, but it had been coming for a few weeks. I have been getting sick and tired of the rivalry and the control freak protectiveness he has been showing since I got back from Italy." Now, Jake wasn't sure what to think or how to decipher what she had just told him. "Okay, what are you talking about?" She giggled before nipping at her bottom lip momentarily. "Why do you think it took me so long to make my way out here?" He shrugged and she shoved her hands in the pockets of her shorts. "Anytime I would decide to try to come to the reservation to fix things with you, Alice would see me disappear from her visions, she would tell Edward, and he would disable my truck before I even got out the front door." A loud gasp left his lips in disbelief. "Are you serious?" She nodded and he gently gripped onto