In My Heart Chapter One Maybe I should start by introducing myself before I get into the crazy story of my life once I moved back to my hometown of Forks, Washington. It can be hard to keep up with at times so this is probably the best time to explain myself. My name is Isabella Marie Swan, but everyone calls me Bella or 'Bells' like my dad, Charlie. I'm sixteen years old and I've lived the majority of my adolescents in sunny Phoenix, Arizona with my mom, Renee, and her new husband, Phil. I didn't have very many friends. Most of the kids there thought I was an oddball for my strange sense of humor and the fact that I was unable to tan. I'm not sure why, but no matter how much time I spent in the sun, my alabaster complexion didn't darken the slightest bit. School is a no brained for me, but I have absolutely no idea what I'm going to do afterwards. Right after the first semester of my sophomore year ended, I made the decision to move back to Forks to be with Charlie. This would give Renee the freedom to travel with Phil and I hoped it would be more interesting than anticipated, but I had no idea how much of an adventure it would be or how permanent of a stay it would be. My story starts a week after my arrival in Forks. I had been welcomed my first day by Charlie and his best friends, Billy Black and Harry Clearwater. I remembered Billy and Harry from my childhood vaguely, but it was nice to have some people happy to see me. Billy and Harry had said they would have brought their kids to see me, but they were off doing their own thing. Billy's daughters who were a few years older than me, Rebecca and Rachel, had left the year before and his son, Jacob, was the same age as me. I didn't really remember him very well. I had latched myself onto Rachel and Rebecca as a little kid even though they were older than me. Harry's kids, Seth and Leah, had their own things going on. Leah was spending the day with some guy she had been dating for a while and Seth was being tutor in math. Leah was a year older than me and Seth was two years younger. In school, I had actually made some friends. It was a little weird that most of the people who were hanging around with me were guys who were constantly asking me out. No guy had ever shown an interest with the exception of one that I didn't even want to think about, let alone ones that had no idea about who I was other than my name and that I was new. Angela Weber was a really nice girl as was Jessica Stanley. Lauren Mallory just hung around because Jessica was her best friend. Michael Newton and Eric Yorkie had become thorns in my side along with Tyler Crowley. Angela guilted me into going on a trip after school to First Beach in La Push. Everyone was going surfing instead of myself and Angela. Sports was never my forte and Angela was more of a book worm. It was our job to make a bonfire. I got picked up at my house after school by Mike and everyone was already piled in his van. He raced off to the beach which took a few minutes. I enjoyed a nice, light conversation with Angela as everyone else talked amongst themselves. I sat in the sliding door of the van with Angela as the others got on their suits. "Is that a new book?" Angela asked in her sweet voice with a tilt of her glasses and I nodded, showing her the cover of my little book. "Yeah. I picked it up at a Half Price bookstore before I moved out here. Today is the first chance I will have to read some." Angela's eyes widened, I wasn't sure why though. "I didn't think you were into reading that stuff?" I was really perplexed by this statement that sounded more like a question. "What stuff? It's a romance novel." Angela giggled and shook her head. "It's not romance. It's erotica. Carly Phillips is a sex novelist." I was disgusted and pushed the book away. "Ew! What person would even want to write or read about that?" Angela rolled her eyes at me before pulling off her jacket, showing the long sleeved, purple thermal she was wearing. "You're sixteen. You figure that one out." Angela teased and I rolled my eyes. "I'm sixteen, like you said. Those kind of things aren't even on my mind." Angela frowned and I wasn't sure why. "It's not wrong for someone who is sixteen to think about those things, Bella." Now, I got it. I felt terrible. My only real friend in Forks and I made her feel like crap because she probably wasn't a virgin. "Have you done that before?" I asked as the other walked away and she nodded. "I've been in a steady relationship for two years. What do you think?" Her smile returned and I relaxed. "With who? It's not Eric, is it?" I was grossed out by the thought of Angela and Eric together. They didn't fit right together, but Eric was always trying to hang on her and acted a little like she was his girlfriend, with the exception of when he asked me out. "God, no! I'd rather shoot myself." I laughed as she said this and I took off my jacket, wearing a black thermal like hers. We climbed out of the van and started to walk towards the surf. "My boyfriend's name is Embry. He lives on the reservation here." I thought it was pretty far to live from your boyfriend, if he lived ten miles away, but they made it work somehow if they were still together after two years. Most high school romances don't last more than a couple months. I wouldn't know. I had never been in a relationship myself. "Is he older or younger?" I inquired as she smirked. "He's our age. All of his friends are except for Leah and Sam. They are seniors." I was surprised by the name. La Push wasn't a big reservation, probably only two hundred people living there. Could there possible be more than one Leah? "Do you mean Leah Clearwater?" Angela's eyes widened as she laughed. "Do you know her?" "Charlie and Harry, her dad, are friends. I haven't seen her since I was little, though." Angela and I started to gather some driftwood. We laid it all strategically so the fire wouldn't wander from the small pit. "Oh, I need to call Embry." She beamed and I shook her head with a smile on my face. I was happy she was so in love with this boy. I wished I could find someone I could get that kind of crazy over, but I doubted it would happen. I wasn't one of those girls who became like a lovesick puppy over some guy. Angela pulled out her phone as I found a couple more pieces of wood. "Hey, baby." She smiled as I guessed her boyfriend answered the phone. "We are at the beach. Everyone is in the water except for me and Bella . She's keeping me company and we are building a bonfire right now." I wasn't sure why she said my name like that, but maybe I was just hearing things. "Okay. Love you." She hung up the phone and smiled brightly. "Him and his friends are heading over here." I nodded, unsure why she was acting like she was hinting at something. "Cool." We continued to chat at we struggled to light the drift wood on fire. After a while, I saw five people approaching from the corner of my eye and I looked up as Angela did the same. To one side was a man and a woman, walking hand in hand together. The girl had shoulder length hair and flawless Native American features and the man's hair was the same length as hers. They looked like the perfect couple in my eyes. Next to them was a boy with short hair then two with hair as long as mine. It was the boy on the very end who caught my eye. His smile was heavenly. It sparkled and reached up to his eyes. His black, straight hair glisten in the withering sunlight and his skin had a slight shimmer to it. His russet skin was such a perfect shade, different from the others. My heart sped as I saw this body and quickly looked away. How could I possibly have this sudden physical attraction and instantaneous connection to this handsome stranger who I had yet to even utter a single word to? It was bordering on unnatural. I watched as the other man with long hair ran over with a big smile and scooped Angela up his his welcoming embrace. She shrieked with amazement as he kissed her happily. It was almost embarrassing to watch. This had to be Embry. "Baby, put me down!" Angela protested and he sat her down before giving her a sweet kiss. "Hey, gorgeous." She giggled before looking to me. "Bella, this is Embry." Angela gave a quick introduction and I sent Embry a small wave as he flashed a bright smile. "Hey, how you doing?" My southern accent stood out as I said this and his smile brightened. "Hey, Bella. It's nice to meet you." I stuck my hands nervously in my pockets as I fought the urge to look at the boy that had caught my eye before. I was never a girl who gawked at s boy no matter how handsome he was. Why was this boy so different? "This Sam and Leah." Embry pointed out the couple and I gave them a kind smile. Leah released herself from Sam and gave me a big hug. I was not expecting this nor was anyone else for that matter. "Welcome back, Bella." Her words were so heartfelt, they brought a smile to my face. "Thanks, Leah." She released the hug and Embry looked at us perplexed. "You two know each other?" Leah rolled her eyes with a huff. "Of course. Everyone knows Bella Swan." I blushed and slightly bowed my head in embarrassment. "She was a frequent visitor to the reservation when we were little kids." I didn't expect Leah to remember me. I didn't really remember her all that much, but the warm yet not overzealous welcoming was much appreciated. Leah turned to the other two who had yet to have their introductions done. "Bella, this is Quil and Jacob." I got up the nerve to look up at the boy with the sunny smile along with the short haired boy and sent them a small, shy wave. I was sure my face had to be as red as a tomato from how nervous I was. The boy she pointed out as being Jacob gave a nice, big smile with a glimmer of appreciation in his eyes while Quil gave a sly smirk. "I'm Quil Atera." She just introduced you and you had to spouted off your first and last name? Yup, you are an idiot. The others laughed at this kid's idiocy as Angela rolled her eyes. "Quil, she ain't interested." Quil's eyebrow lifted in challenge of what Angela said. "Does she have a boyfriend or something?" He asked. This kid had no shame whatsoever. Angela just got done telling him that I wasn't interested and he was here asking if I had a boyfriend as if I wasn't standing right there. Suddenly, Tyler ran out of the water and jogged over to us. "Sorry, boys, but this is my girl." He kissed my cheek and ran off to