Thank you for giving this a chance. Myself and my cowriter sarahmicaela88 have worked very hard on this so please give us some nice and constructive feedback. We would love your opinion. Thanks and happy reading and reviewing! My Sweet Escape Chapter One Jacob let out a loud groan as he slid his briefcase across the floor of his large apartment. He had finally settled his biggest case and he needed to unwind. Jacob Black was the most successful, prominent divorce attorney in Seattle. He had clients come to him from all over the state of Washington and some had even propositioned him from out of state, but he always told those cases no. He preferred to practice law in Washington. Being the best at his job in the state, he was constantly stressed and a little overworked. He had no idea how much of a failure the institution of marriage was until he chose family law over criminal. He never socialized with his work colleagues outside of court or the office. He did have plenty of friends, but they were three hours away in his hometown along with his whole family. He had a nice, big family. He had cousins, aunts, uncles, a brother, two sisters, and his mom and dad. He didn't have a girlfriend or wife and, no, it wasn't because he was gay. He had a very hectic work schedule which held no free time for a girlfriend or wife and family. Maybe later on in his career, but not now. There was only one woman in his life right now and she wasn't a girlfriend. There was a knock at his door and he pulled off his blazer and tie before opening his door. There she stood, ivory skin, mahogany hair, deep, brown eyes and wearing a short black skirt, white button down blouse, and those sexy as hell black heels of hers that had multiple straps around and up her ankles. Fuck, she was a goddess. She was always so sexy and walked as if she knew exactly what her body did to men like him, but when she would look at him, her eyes were so innocent and sweet, like a blushing, giddy teenager. "Hey," she said, her voice velvet soft and he flashed her his signature grin. "Evening, Bella. Come in." He opened the door wider and she gave him a kind smile before strolling in, clutching her small handbag to her lap. His eyes lingered on her round, arousing ass as she strolled over to the coffee table in the living room. Bending over, she sat down her bag and his eyes searched under and her skirt and saw the blood red panties she was wearing. Fuck! It had been too stressful of a day and he had gone longer than normal between their dates to be able to focus on anything, but fucking her. "So, what's the plan?" She stood back up and turned to him, her shy smile gracing her lips. He smirked before strolling over to her. "Well, I figured we would stay in tonight." She nodded as he wrapped his arms around her, rubbing his hands across her ass, and he pulled her against him. A quiet moan slipped out of her lips as he pressed his nose against hers, hovering his mouth over hers. "I would normally say for us to hang out for a bit first, but I need you. I want you in my bed right now." Her moan was a little audible now. Her breathing escalated and he tapped her sweet little ass. "Right now?" She whispered and he nodded. "What do you say? Do you want me as much as I want you right now?" She whimpered as her hands clutched to his blazer. Her knee came up and gently rubbed his erection through his dress slacks. "Do you want my cock?" She nodded vigorously just before he gave her a single kiss. "Do you want it inside of you?" Another nod of her head came just as he groaned. " Do you want me to fuck you hard?" She moaned as he walked her backwards in the direction of his bedroom. "Yes." She whispered and he groaned. As her back hit a wall, he kissed her lustfully, pawing at her luscious ass. She moaned dramatically as he pushed her shirt up her stomach and tore it from her body. He rushed to undo her bra, removing his mouth from hers, and pushed it down her arms. She didn't bother to remove it as his mouth came down on her sweet, erect nipples, stroking the areola with his fat tongue. She mewled as he lifted her up by her ass, her legs latching around his waist. "Fuck, Jake," she whimpered as he continued walking her to the bedroom. He tossed her on the bed and she sat up quickly before moving to him, working on his pants. His hand disappeared under her skirt and cupped her mound, gasping. Her panties were completely soaked with her arousal, her nectar dripping off the silk. "You poor thing. You are so deprived." She nodded vigorously as she tugged his pants down his hips, revealing his stiff, thick erection. "You already know you are the only guy I fuck, ever." This always made him feel better about their arrangement. He definitely didn't want to feel like he was getting someone else's sloppy seconds. "I'm gonna need to make sure you cum plenty to make up for lost time, then." She moaned when he said this and she sunk her head down, taking his tip into her mouth. She sucked him hardcore and very enthusiastically. She was moaning and whimpering while sucking him as fast and as hard as he knew she wanted him to fuck her. "How much will I owe you if I asked you to stay tonight?" "We will talk about that later," she groaned before taking him back into her sweet, succulent lips. Don't even start thinking that this woman was a prostitute because she wasn't. Jacob Black met Bella Swan through an escort service that Jake's boss had told him about called Slixa. He was sick and tired of burning bridges with women who wanted more than he could offer with his career as demanding as it was. He figured he would try to escort service. Everyone has needs and his were more for companionship than anything else. When he first saw Bella, he knew she was perfect. She was beautiful and very easy to talk to. No matter what he needed her presence for, she was always there when he called for her and even sometimes just because she wanted to be. He liked being in a relationship and Bella offered the companionship he needed. He wasn't in love with her or anything, but she was nice, funny, and great in bed. They didn't have sex until the third time he took her out and he wasn't the one who asked for it. He was surprised that she actually wanted him like that. Sure, it was sometimes a part of her job, but he didn't expect her to actually want to. He was overly eager to have her in his bed and, god, he loved how zealous she was about fucking him. She released his cock as he groaned. He loved how good she was at sucking him off. "Do you want me to make you cum?" She asked, looking at him with a vixen look in her eyes, before running her tongue over his tip. He groaned before gripping her hair. "Do you want to keep going or do you want me to devour your pussy?" She whimpered and he rubbed his fingers through her panties. "I want your mouth." She pressed her mouth into his clean, white sheets before moaning into the sheet, only coming out sounding like a whimper. She lifted up her head and moaned loudly. "I am so wound up. Please!" She begged and he released himself from her before forcefully flipping her onto her back. She shrieked before a giggle slipped out off her lips and he quickly yanked down her skirt and panties. He tossed the damned clothes to the floor before he kicked off his shoes and pants, shrugging off his blazer. He unbuttoned three of the top buttons of his dress shirt and pulled it over his head, throwing it across the room. "I am leaving these on." He gripped onto her heels and pulled her to the edge of the bed, pushing her legs apart. "It turns me on seeing you in heels." She gave a shy smile as she blushed. "Oh, I know." He groaned and rubbed his hands up her thighs. She bit her lip with arousal as his eyes darkened with his own. He moved to his knees on the floor in front of the bed and ran his tongue over her slit, humming from how sweet she teased. She gasped and moaned as she gripped onto his hair. She was usually quiet other than soft moans when they had sex. He was the one that was pretty loud. He devoured her, licking and sucking on her swollen clit and stroking her inner walls with his fat tongue. She whimpered as her orgasm was fast approaching. She was so sensitive from the lack of sex between them since their last encounter which was two weeks before then. Her grip tightened in his strands as he got rougher with her, pressing his tongue harder against her engorged nub. "Jake…" She mewled his name as she arched off the bed and her release consumed her wholy. He reached up and massaged her breast as he drank in her sweet nectar, groaning all the while. Her grip loosened as he softly kissed her thighs. "You taste so good." He stood up and she let out a relieved breath as he gazed down at her. "I'm not anywhere near done with you." She whimpered as he gripped onto her hips and pulled her even closer, her ass dangling off the bed. He supported her with his large, strong hands as he slammed his length into her drenched, convulsing center. His entrance ignited another orgasm from her and she cried out loudly. "That's two. I'm not stopping until you cum two more times. Whenever you cum, I want you to say the number of the orgasm. Will you do that for me?" He pulled out and slammed himself back into her, causing her to arch and scream out in pleasure. "YES!" He started pounding into her with grunts coming from him and loud moans coming from her. He knew exactly how to work her body. He had enough practice and paid close attention to her body language when he fucked her. He knew she wasn't one of those girls that came just from penetration. She required simulation from her clit to get off, but not too much or she would get raw. He pounded into her roughly and made sure to graze her clit with every thrust. Her body was responding to him dramatically. She thrusted her hips up towards his at the pace he had set and, god, if it didn't feel amazing. Her head was thrown back as she mewled in response to the erotic touch. "Jacob." She cried out his name as he grunted and groaned with every powerful thrust he gave her. "Talk to me, Bells." This was the pet name he bestowed upon her right after they met. She had been wearing a pair of earrings that were so strange to him. They had church bells hanging from them. Ever since then, he has always called her by this name. "Tell me how much you love this." He demanded as he grasped onto her breasts. It wasn't very often he asked this of her, but he thought she was so sexy when she talked dirty to him. She