Thank you for giving this a chance. This is a story about learning to have fun more than romance so have fun and enjoy the ride with this odd couple. Warning: Chapter contains explicit content including lemons. Leave me a nice review to let me know wht you think. Love, Lina The Odd Couple Chapter One Everything had been right in his life. He had the perfect girlfriend, went to a good college, and had a good amount of friends. His name was Jacob Black and he went to NYU. He wasn't sure what he wanted to major in yet, but he had plenty other things he was sure about in his life. He had a wonderful girlfriend that he had been with since he was a freshman in high school and he chose his school based on where she was going. He was the captain of the football team and he enjoyed spending his free time with his girlfriend and his friends from the football team. He tapped his pencil as he sat in Algebra I and his phone vibrates in his pocket. He slowly pulled it out before seeing he had a text from his girlfriend, Leah Clearwater. Cum 2 my place after class He was used to her bossing him around, but he never minded it much. He always conformed to whatever she wanted to do. She never seemed to mind his easy going nature. If anything, it made things easier for her. K c u then. The class ended and Quil and Embry, his best friends, walked with him out into the direction of the parking lot. "Mr. Craig makes that so boring. I swear, I almost pass out every single class." Embry spoke in irritation. "Dude, you almost fall asleep in all your classes." Quil retorted as Jake stood silently by. "Stop right there, dude!" Both Quil and Jake stopped as Embry stared off into the distance before clutching his heart. "I think I'm in love. Look at that shit!" He exclaimed as he nodded his head in the distance. Jake and Quil looked in the distance, seeing a wet dream. They saw a woman with milky white skin with hair that was out of this world. The base color was platinum blonde and she had streaks of red, blue, and purple in her hair that was tucked behind her ears by the sunglasses on her head. She wore a short denim skirt, a tight, short, black vest, and black pumps. It wasn't her appearance that took their attention. It was what she was doing. She was bent own the engine of a '98 Mustang, checking a few things under the hood with a slender statured man next to her, smoking a cigarette. He was pointing at something under the hood, talking to her, while she nodded in response, biting her supple lip. She was graced with the a nicely rounded behind and plump, full breasts. All three of the college students couldn't help checking her out. She was definitely hot in their opinion. "A sexy bitch like her that also deals with cars? Shit, I'm in love, too." Quil joked as elbowed Jake. "Wait a second." Embry said as he squinted her eyes to focus on her face as she looked in their direction , her sparkling green eyes shining at Jake as he gazed averted hers. "Shit, I know that chick! She's from Forks!" All three boys came from a small town across the country called Forks, Washington and it was amazing that they would find more than themselves and Jake's girlfriend from the same town at the same university. "That's the Chief's daughter, Bella Swan." Jake was amazed. His father was friends with the Chief, but he had never seen her before. "Looks like she has eyes for Jake though." Quil teased Jake and he shrugged. "I'm happy with Leah." He said before looking at the sexy woman again before he patted his friends on the back. "I'm headed over to Leah's. See you guys later!" He called as he raced to his car before racing out of the parking lot. He stole one more glance at the Swan girl before he drovr in the direction of his girlfriend's apartment. He strolled up the stairs before seeing his friend, Sam Uley, emerge from Leah's apartment. "Sam? What are you doing here?" He asked in confusion and Sam wasn't sure what to tell him. "I was just hanging out with Leah. See ya." He raced down the steps and Jake looked at his back, unsure of what to make of his friend being in his girlfriend's apartment. "Sam!" Leah walked out, expecting to see Sam, but found her boyfriend there instead. "Hey, Jake. I wasn't expecting you to be here so soon." Now, he was suspicious. "Okay, what's going on? Since when have you and Sam become friends?" She opened the door for Jacob to enter and he noticed that Leah had scented candles burning. This just furthered his suspicion. "What's up?" He asked as he sat on her couch and he noticed her rubbing her arms nervously. He knew instantly something was up. "Jake, we need to talk and I don't think you are going to be happy about what I have to say so be prepared." He nodded with a calm smile, patting the couch next to him. "What is it? I'm all ears." She relaxed a little and sat next to him. "There is no easy way to break this to you so I'm just going to come out and say it as bluntly as I can." He was half expecting her to say she was pregnant from her behavior, but he was way off. "I'm breaking up with you." That definitely wasn't what he was expecting, but he laughed. He had to of heard her wrong. "Can you say that again? I could have sworn you just said that you are breaking up with me." Her face stayed in an irritated frown. "Jake, I'm being serious here. Things have changed and you have to accept that." His eyes narrowed as he realized she was being serious and he turned to her. "What are you talking about?" She just groaned in response. "We are in college, Jake. This isn't high school anymore and you are still acting like you are in high school. You never want to do anything." He rolled his eyes at this. "Leah, we do stuff all the time." She groaned in frustration again. "Only because I ask to. It doesn't matter what you say, Jake. I don't want to be in this relationship anymore. I want to be with someone else." She said bluntly and his eyes widened, realizing exactly why Sam was there. "Hold the phone one second." He stood up before turning to her. "Sam? You are leaving me for him?" She nodded. "He's the kind of guy I need right now." He huffed, but secretly his heart was breaking. "Have you been fucking him?" He asked, wanting the truth. He could see it on her face. He didn't need her to speak. The candles she was burning made sense suddenly. "Does it matter? No, it doesn't." He groaned this time. "It matters to me. Be honest. How long have you been fucking him behind my back? He's my friend. I think I have the right to know." She sighed and nodded. "Yes, you do have the right to know. To be honest, it's been going on for a while. I'm in love with him and I want to be with him. He's the kind of guy I need, like I said, and we have a lot in common. Can you please just accept this?" He took a deep breath and looked away before nodding. "We can still be friends, but that's as far as it goes, Jake." He huffed at her before scowling. "No, I can't be your friend after this. It's not just that you want to be with someone else. If it was just that then yeah we could be friends, but you cheated on me, Leah. That's grounds for the termination of any chance at a friendship between us or between me and Sam." She nodded and stood up. "I'm sorry you feel that way. Do you want to get your things or would you like me to get them together for you?" He rolled his eyes. "I'm outta here." He turned and walked out the door before running to his car. Jake sat on the sofa at the frat house that Quil belonged to while a party was in full swing, chugging his beer. "That's really surprising." Embry said as he stood by Jake, sipping at his own beer. "You're telling me. Sam and Leah hated each other as far as I knew. Now, I know why they acted like that." Jake spoke as he crushed his empty cup, feeling slightly buzzed. "I'm sorry, bro, but there is an upside." Jake raised an eyebrow at Quil before he smirked. "You aren't tied to her anymore which means you have no reason not to go for the piece of ass that just walked in the door." All three guys looked to see the very same girl they had been ogling before Jake ran off to be dumped. She was wearing the same clothes as they had seen her in earlier. She got a cup before filling it with beer even though there were cups with beer already in them sitting on the table next to the keg which was right next to Jake. He was drunk enough to have the balls to check her out as she was bent over. He smirked as he stuck his foot out in her way. She turned and tripped on his foot, landing right in his lap. She huffed out as she looked to Jake before blushing. "Sorry." He chuckled gently. "No harm, no fowl." She nodded before moving to her feet, rubbing her firm bottom against his package. He groaned in response as she walked off, glancing at him over her shoulder through her long lashes. He smirked before Embry and Quil chuckled aloud. "Real smooth, Jake!" Quil exclaimed and Jake shrugged. "I saw that shit. That was completely intentional." Embry elbowed Jake's shoulder. "No duh I did that on purpose. Her ass is real nice. That's for sure." He grabbed another cup of beer before Quil laughed "Jake, he was talking about what she did. She purposely grinded against you. That girl really wants you, dude. You're single now. You should definitely fuck her." Quil encouraged him and Jake was going to make his move to approach her until Leah and Sam walked in the door, hand in hand. His breath got caught in his throat as they approached the beers. He needed an escape and saw the sexy woman dancing in the middle of the room, stealing glances at him. "Fine. I'll make my move. Watch this." Sam was about to say something to Jake as he moved past them until he saw the death glare he gave him and he approached the dancing girl, pulling her against his body, hearing an audible gasp from her. "Those are some nice moves." He whispered in his ear and she giggled a little before nodding. "Thanks." He chuckled in her ear before wrapping an arm around her slender waist. She instinctively knew what he was going to do and started to dance up against him, grinding her ass into him. Leah was shocked as she saw this. She had gone to a lot of college parties with Jake and he had never just gotten up and started dancing with anyone, let alone the girl she saw him with. Leah knew Bella Swan. They had been friends when they were little, but grew apart in middle school. Leah saw Bella as a slutty bitch and nothing more. It made her irritated to see Jake