Bittersweet Chapter One No Regrets This was it. It was all true. Even though her daughter hadn't been stripped from her, she was going to be stripped from her daughter as would everyone else. Except him, Jacob. They would be the only ones to the escape the clutches of the Volturi alive and, in a way, she was glad. Her daughter and her best friend would be safe from harm. She couldn't let herself get emotional over this as the rest of her family went to hunt to have their strength. She had hunted earlier so she didn't need it. She wouldn't be able to focus on hunting if she wanted. She wondered what her daughter's life would hold, but it was all a blank to her. She had no idea because she couldn't understand Renesmee's life where her and Edward weren't involved or even alive. She needed to talk to someone about what she now knew. Twas the night before the confrontation, she couldn't tell any of the Cullen's or any other vampire anywhere near her. All were liable to have their minds read by Aro. There was only one wolf she would confide in. After walking out of the large glass house, she ran with her speed into the woods, dodging tree after bush and animal. She could have sworn her heart clenched as she jumped over the creek between Forks and La Push. She kept running, dodging every obstacle, until she saw the cabin in front of her. The Cullen's had built it for him so he could have his own privacy. It was on the edge of La Push on the far end, closest to the cliffs. It was secluded so, when Nessie was older, it wouldn't seem suspicious to those not in on his secret years from then that he wasn't aging. It was beautiful, isolated, and exotic. She slowed down and strolled to the front door before gently knocking. After a few moments, the door slowly swung open, shock clear on his features. He wasn't expecting any visitors that night, even Bella as a visitor at that. "Bells? What are you doing here? I thought you'd be hunting like the others." She slowly shook her head as her golden eyes shined towards him. "I did earlier. I need to talk to you." He nodded and stepped aside, gulping down a strangled breath, before she slowly stepped inside. The inside of the cabin was filled his woodsy scent, the musk of it coating every inch of it. The smell relaxed her and calmed her nerves. The cabin was pretty bare other than the furniture and a few little nicknacks of his spread it around. This was exactly how she expected any place of his to look. She strolled over to his fireplace to see three photos, framed in old wood casings. The first was of him and her the day they first met, second was of her, him, Billy, and Charlie one day after he phased in her father's living room. Thirdly, he had the most perfect picture in her mind. It was a photo Edward had taken to add to Jacob's home. It was Jacob and Bella sitting side by side on the sofa at the Cullen house with Renesmee sitting with one leg on top of each of theirs. She thought for a moment about how different it would be if she had chosen Jacob over Edward, her breath catching in her throat. You made your bed, Bella. Now, lie in it. She would never regret Renesmee, but she did have regrets about her choices. "What did you want to talk about?" She heard his husky voice before she turned to him. He took a seat on his worn, black leather sofa. Her breath caught as she stared into his deep, brown orbs of light. She slowly strolled over to him before taking a seat next to him, pulling the envelope out. "Alice sent me on a mission. She left little breadcrumbs for me because I'm the only one that Aro can't read their mind, but I'm pretty sure he's not going to get the chance to read yours." He nodded with a thought expression, eyes narrowed. "I thought she was sending me a way out for all of us to escape this, but I was wrong when I saw what was inside of this envelope." She slowly handed it over to him. With a shaky hand and wonder in his heart, he grabbed the envelope, slowly opening it. The identification fell into his hands, a scatter of driver's license with a fake name on it, two birth certificates with false names, two social security cards with corroborating names along with passports with the same names. He recognized the photos, but not the names. It was him and Renesmee, but with different names. Vanessa Wolfe and Jacob Wolfe with Jacob put down as her father. "What is this?" He asked, concerned, and she squinted. "Alice's escape for you and my daughter, for only you and Renesmee." His eyes widened before he slid them back in the envelope. "What about you and Edward?" He asked worried about her answer and she looked down at her hands. "It took me a minute to understand it myself, but Jenkins, the lawyer these were with, said there was no mistake. He said only you and Renesmee were going on this trip together." He gasped as he looked at her. "You don't mean…" He trailed off and she nodded. "She has seen me and Edward die tomorrow for you to escape." He groaned before setting the documents on the table. "Why are you telling me this?" She sighed before she turned to him, giving him her full attention. "I'm going to die tomorrow, Jake. I won't get to watch my daughter grow up, have children of her own, fall in love, ever…" She trailed off and his eyes narrowed a little in confusion. "You weren't ever fooling anyone, Jacob. You never imprinted on Renesmee, did you?" He gulped before looking at his hands. He wasn't sure what to say to her question. He didn't realize she would know the difference between an imprint love and the love he felt for her daughter. "How did you know?" He asked softly as she sighed. "Because it never made any sense." He looked to her with confusion. "Jacob, you're a werewolf and she's a vampire hybrid. You should be natural enemies, not soulmates. Plus, you don't fit right. You never have fit right together for what you were pretending to be." He nodded before gulping down, struggling to keep his emotions in check. "I haven't been pretending about anything." Her eyes narrowed in confusion as he stared at his hands. "I care about her, Bella. I will admit, and I've never said this out loud so don't be mad, when she was born and you died, I wanted to kill her because she killed you." Bella gasped and was going to move away from him, but he spoke. "I didn't think the venom was going to work because you were already dead. I sat outside the house and cried. I hated myself so much in that moment for not being able to save you that I projected that onto her. I went into the house and I saw her. Once I did, I couldn't hurt her." She was glad about the last part, but it confused her. "Why not?" He gulped before he looked at her, a small smirk on his lips. "Because she looked just like you." If her heart was beating, it would have gone insane. "I realized at that moment that she wasn't a monster because nothing that looked so much like you could ever be a monster. I swore to myself that I would always take care of her because you gave your life so she could have hers." She placed her hand over his and she noticed he didn't shiver or even flinch from her touch. The hair didn't even stand on end from her touch. "I am giving my life for her, Jake, and I need you to keep that promise, to take care of her like she was your daughter." He smirked a little before rubbing her hands. Suddenly, a sadness was invoked within him, eating at him to his core. "Why are you doing this? Why are you here?" He pulled his hand back before standing up, looking at her with a stern face she hadn't seen in awhile. With his fists buried in his pockets, she took a deep breath before softly speaking. "This is my last night on this Earth." He groaned before looking to his feet, grinding his teeth from the banter. "Exactly! You are going to die tomorrow. You made sure I know that which is going to make it that much harder to leave that field, knowing I will never see you again, never hear your voice, ever. Why are you here? Shouldn't you be with your family?" He snarled the last word, but she was unmoved. "I don't want to spend my last night the way I have spent every night since Renesmee was born. I don't want to spend my last night sitting around like a statue, reading books I've read a million times before. I don't want spend my last night with my family. I do want to spend my last night with you, Jacob." His eyes widened as she slowly moved to her feet, strolling over to where he stood, before taking his hands in hers. Over the years, she had never done this. He had always been the one to grab her hand, but now, she showed the initiative. "Why?" He asked and she gulped from her nerves before biting her lip. "I don't want to die with regret. I've lived with regret for so long. I don't want to feel that way tonight and I don't want you to have to live every day of the rest of your life without knowing the truth, the complete truth." He wasn't sure what to make of what she said. "I have regretted, every single day, that I chose Edward instead of you." She pushed it out and a small breath left his lips in a hurry while she stared into his eyes, truth lingering in those golden irises. "What?" He said, exasperated. She knew she needed to pour her heart out, let him see within the depths of her soul. "I love you." She breathed out as she could feel the relieved sigh that left him. "I've always loved you and, when you forced me to realize it, that made my decision that much more heartbreaking because I wasn't choosing who I was going to spend my life with. If that was the choice being made, I would chosen you, hands down." His heart sped up from her admission. She continued on. "My choice was between the person most people thought I was and the person I am now. The person people thought I was never existed because, other than you and my family, everyone saw this perfect person or this selfish, heartless bitch when I was never heartless or perfect. I had my selfish moments which happened very often, but I constantly worried about how my decisions would affect everyone around me including you." He took a deep breath as her hands released his and glided up his chest, settling on his pecs through his t-shirt. "I was scared that if I chose you that I would lose my family forever." His eyes widened before they turned into a scowl. She knew she needed to quickly explain. "I was afraid that Edward would make them all leave if I chose to spend my life with you. I saw us having a family of our own, getting married, living on a house on the reservation for the rest of our lives…" She trailed off