She stared at herself in the mirror. Pale, sunken skin and dull eyes stared back at her. This, she was convinced, was not her face. It was not the person she'd come to be. "I'm not afraid," she whispered, so softly she could barely hear herself. It was a lie, she knew that. She was terrified beyond belief. But she couldn't show that, because then she'd fall apart and there wouldn't be anyone there to pick her up. " I'm not afraid, " Odessa Perkins nodded slightly and left the bathroom. She was going to be just fine as long as she kept her head down. She could have a peaceful year, and when the next year started, no one would notice her absence. Her only friend had abandoned her over the summer, to spend more of his time chasing after a girl that didn't love him. Odessa had never been a big fan of Lily Evans. She'd been the one to grow up next door to Severus, and they'd been inseparable for years. Odessa thought of him as a brother who she could run to when her father got drunk and chucked bottles around the house. He was someone she could go to when her mother told her that she would never accomplish her dreams. But then he'd met perfect little Lily Evans playing at the park. Severus had remained her friend, but they'd been distant for years. His explosion at the other girl convinced him he needed to spend every waking minute trying to get her to accept his apology. That left no time for Odessa. When she found out she was sick, he'd been the first person she wanted to tell. She'd wanted to run to him and cry into his shoulder, like she'd done when her father disappeared for an entire week. She'd wanted him to tell her that everything would be okay. Her parents were either drunk or on drugs, so they wouldn't care that she was dying. Severus was supposed to be her person, but then he'd left to. For the first few days, she'd been miserable. She'd laid on her bed and cried and tried to drown her sorrows like her father, with a not-so-healthy serving of Firewhiskey. That, of course, hadn't worked. She'd felt the pain as real as she'd felt it before, but she'd also wanted to throw up. Odessa had sworn off alcohol after that. Besides, according to the healers at St. Mungos, it could have terrible side effects on their desperate potions. There was no cure for what she had. How could there be a cure for something like that? The cells of her body were dying, one by one, and little by little. She was supposed to have just over ten months left until the damage was so severe it couldn't be helped anymore. She would die, and it would be painful, and she would be alone. " I'm not afraid, " With a resigned sigh, she made herself walk back to her sparse compartment. She shared it with the other misfits, though they were all friends by now so really it was just her. She was the misfit; the friendless girl who was going to die alone in less than a year. She'd only be seventeen. Odessa read a book for the duration of the train ride. She needed to do something to keep her mind off things, and the others whispering together in her compartment weren't helping. In all fairness, she'd been there first so it should have been hers and it should have been quiet. On the bright side, being a Ravenclaw meant that she could get away with having no friends. People would assume she was busy working on some amazing project, and they would leave her alone so she could continue researching. Ravenclaws, she knew, were often alone for that reason. Apparently being intelligent and creative meant they always needed to be doing something. Odessa could just as likely be caught chatting with friends, though not really anymore. Dinner that night was lonely. Brand new first years came to sit by her, much to her displeasure, and Odessa's head started to pound by the time the meal was over. She had to report to Madam Pomfrey after, to get potions to slow the deterioration of her body, though the potion tasted like feet and Odessa wanted to spit it out. She couldn't, though, because she didn't want to die and she wanted to get as much time as possible. She needed more time. Her sleep was wracked with dreams of a funeral no one would attend. Her father would be too drunk, and her mother wouldn't remember to come. Severus would be chasing after Lily Evans and she didn't have any other close relatives. Her grandparents had all died before she was born, and her aunts and uncles considered themselves too high and mighty to speak to her family. Odessa could understand why; her parents were embarrassments. But she loved them. They were her family and she could remember a time, when she was younger, when they were all sober and they would take her to the park or paint or have picnics. She remembered those parents, and those parents were the reason she couldn't tell them she was sick. When she woke up the next morning, it was to the insistent tapping of someone on her bedpost. "Oddy? Oddy please, are you in there? Papa says I can't go to breakfast without you now that we're in the same house," Odessa groaned and contemplated throwing a pillow at the young girl standing by her bed. The girl lived in her building; Odessa had watched her countless times. Theresa, who was young and smart and healthy, had officially entered her first year at Hogwarts and, of course, been sorted into Ravenclaw. Odessa suspected the girl had asked the hat to put her there, because in Odessa's opinion, Theresa would make the perfect Hufflepuff. "I don't need to watch you at breakfast, Terry," Odessa complained. "The castle is safe," "But Papa said I can't go without you. He says you'll make sure I make the right friends and I don't get into trouble," Theresa said. Odessa could hear her lip quivering; was she honestly going to cry over this? "Okay, okay, I'm getting up. Go wait for me in the common room; I'll be down soon," Footsteps scurried away from her bed and then the door closed. Odessa heaved herself out of bed, groaning again as she did. As per usual, her limbs ached with movement. More of her was dying off, yet she had to go to the Great Hall and escort a nervous eleven year-old to breakfast. It was going to be a long year. She went to the bathroom to change, trying to ignore the bruising on her pale skin. She bruised easily now; a bump would have a dark spot forming in minutes. For a moment, she was envious of Theresa. Her skin was a rich brown; it surely wouldn't show the bruises. It wouldn't be sick and dying like her own. Odessa exited the bathroom with her teeth and hair brushed, fresh robes, and a slightly less sour attitude. She wasn't exactly thrilled with her current situation, but she would live. For now, at least, she would be alive. Give it a few months and she might not be saying the same thing. Theresa was waiting for her nervously on one of the sofas. Her robes were perfect and clean, and her blue tie was somehow knotted perfectly. Odessa hadn't figured out her tie for at least three years, and even now she wore the thing loose around her neck. "Okay, are you ready?" she asked, and Theresa perked up immediately and nodded. "Papa says I can't be afraid. He says I'm too scared and that's why I wouldn't be a Gryffindor, like him," Theresa said innocently. Odessa just sighed and shook her head. "Don't listen to him, Theresa," she said, putting an arm around the younger girl's shoulders and leading her out of the common room. "You're plenty brave. You're just too smart to go anywhere else," Theresa beamed at her, and Odessa couldn't help but smile back. Yes, she was somehow jealous of the eleven year-old and Theresa could be irritating, but she was Theresa. Odessa had known her for eleven years and was going to take some responsibility for the girl. "Oddy? Do you think people will like me? The other Ravenclaws?" "I mean, talking to them could be a good start," Odessa said, leading her toward the great hall. Theresa had nearly turned into the Charms corridor. "Which means less me and more strangers," "But I don't like strangers. They're...Mean. They're not like you," "Yeah, well, strangers are how you make friends," "Can't I just be friends with your friends?" Theresa begged softly. "I...I don't have any friends, Theresa. So no, I wouldn't recommend that," "But I'm your friend," "I don't have any other friends then," Odessa said. They entered the great hall, which was now full of laughter and groaning as people got their schedules for the year. "Theresa, you don't want to be like me. How about you go ask a Ravenclaw girl if you can sit with her? One of the other first years; was there anyone that looked nice?" Theresa nodded nervously, so Odessa gave her a small push toward the Ravenclaw table. She watched as Theresa stood awkwardly next to one of the girls, but then Theresa grinned and sat down. She waved excitedly at Odessa, who just grinned and shook her head and headed to get her schedule from her head of house. Her first class was transfiguration, which worried her because Professor McGonagall was incredibly strict and Odessa wasn't sure she could handle a strict class. She was tired already and she didn't even have homework yet. Odessa turned around and began to walk out of the great hall, head down and examining her schedule. It wasn't really that bad, she just wished she didn't have to deal with transfiguration. It was going to be too much for her. As she walked out of the door though, she ran into someone else and found herself on the ground. "For Merlin's sake, you're a sixth year. Watch where you're going," Odessa, who was staring up at four Gryffindor boys, felt herself flush and glare. Remus Lupin was staring at her in a way she didn't like. Peter Pettigrew looked ready to back up whatever the other two said. James Potter was the one convinced she couldn't walk properly around the castle and Sirius Black looked amused that she'd fallen down. "You should know by now to look for people who aren't paying attention. Fresh first years are here; they're going to be frantically looking at their schedules," Odessa retorted, managing to slowly get herself off the ground. Her backside hurt from the fall and she knew she'd be black and blue. "Are you okay?" Odessa glanced at Remus Lupin, upset that his group had made her fall. "I'm fine, not that it matters. Just watch out for first years," She squeezed herself through James and Sirius, though it wasn't much of a squeeze. She was too thin and too hurried to make herself seem bigger. She didn't have anything to do other than go to class, which is how she found herself sitting in Professor McGonagall's room a good half hour before class actually started. For at least fifteen of those minutes, Odessa was convinced that the professor sitting in the front of the room didn't notice her. She was quietly sitting in her chair and reading, and though she shifted every now and then because of the ache in her back, she hardly made any noise. Then, however, the woman's voice filled the room. "Mrs. Perkins, may I ask why you're sitting in my room so early? You