Author's Note: This story has heavy themes involving mental illness and self-harm. If this could be triggering in any way, please don't take any chances. Also, the main relationship will not be a heterosexual one; if this offends you in any way, again, please avoid this story. 127 was Scorpius Malfoy's favorite number, as of September first. Come September second it would probably be more along the lines of one hundred and thirty or so, but as he sat in his compartment on the Hogwarts Express, it was 127. He had a reason, he wasn't crazy enough not to. Scorpius Malfoy had 127 scars on his body. Twenty-seven of them were from silly things like falling as a child, and the others were of his own creation. He remembered the first one he'd made, a thin line on his right thigh. He counted the scars every night before he went to bed. He could control them, and Scorpius loved the ability to control things. See, that was why his favorite number wasn't 4,023. 4,023 were the scars in his mind, and he couldn't keep people or himself from creating those. Besides, he had trouble keeping track of every insult thrown his way that wedged its way into his mind. So it was 127; that was the best number, and- "For crying out loud, Scorpius, open your ears and listen to me!" He was jolted out of his thoughts by the shrill sound of Arabella Zabini's voice. Scorpius sat up straighter, staring at his friend with uncertain eyes. "I was listening," he stated, irritation in his voice. "Oh really? So what was I saying?" "Something about your intense love for James Potter?" Arabella narrowed her eyes. "Don't be stupid. I'm over that. I was actually trying to inform you that you'll be late for your precious prefects meeting if you don't-" Scorpius was out of the compartment before she could finish her sentence. Since he'd become a prefect in his fifth year, people had stopped teasing him so much. The limited amount of power he'd gained made people afraid, and they'd left him alone so he wouldn't put them in detention or take away house points. In all honestly he'd only given out three detentions, and yet he had somehow managed to earn a reputation for being a detention-happy, power-hungry Slytherin. He played to the stereotypes though, which didn't help matters. Scorpius arrived at the compartment to see almost every other prefect standing there. Rose Weasley, the Head Girl, glared at him as he entered. Scorpius returned the look, his eyes much colder than hers. He may not be as smart as her, but at least he could win at glaring. He guessed he would have continued to look fairly intimidating, had Albus Potter not barreled into the room behind him and knocked him flat on his face. Albus Potter landed on top of him and Scorpius let out a pained groan, which made his pale cheeks warm immediately. "Get off me Potter!" "It was an accident-" "Then why are you still on me?" This time it was Albus who went red, and he scrambled off Scorpius. "If you could understand the concept of an accident, Malfoy, maybe someone would actually like you," he said coldly. For a moment Scorpius went deaf, and he stared at the Gryffindor boy in horror. Was it true? Did nobody actually like him? He thought Arabella liked him well enough, but- "Get off the floor, Malfoy, you're distracting everyone," Rose said, her glare still perfectly in place but a small smirk on her lips. He followed her instructions immediately and stood at the back of the compartment. "Since that is over, I'd like to welcome you all to the first meeting of the year! We'll have several of these, periodically of course, but we always start with-" Scorpius tuned her out, having heard a similar speech twice before. His obsessive mind went back to the words of Albus Potter, and he spent much of the meeting thinking about the people he called friends. There was Arabella Zabini, the only person in the world he'd ever even considered telling about his scars. He hadn't, but she still seemed to really care about him and she willingly spent time with him. The previous year he'd grown close to Mary Finnigan, but they'd been dating. After, they'd never spoken again. There were a few people in other houses he found interesting, but they hardly ever spoke. So really it all came down to Arabella, who had better friends she'd want to spend time with. Didn't she? Didn't-He felt like he was going to be sick, all of the sudden. He felt like his control was slipping away and that feeling always made Scorpius want to throw up. And instead of doing that instead of every prefect in the school, Scorpius chose to push his way out of the compartment, ignoring the shouts of Rose Weasley, and make his way to the nearby bathroom in about twenty seconds. He shoved a second year out of the way as he went into the stall, and put his head on the cool metal of the door. "Calm down," he whispered. "Calm down, you're alright, it's-" He promptly turned and threw up in the toilet behind him. There was hardly anything in his stomach though, so he ended up just retching. The door to the bathroom was slammed open, and Scorpius heard the bossy voice of Rose Weasley complaining about him running off. She made one last comment about his selfish, attention-seeking behavior before saying, "Scorpius Malfoy I know you're in here, and I know you can hear me, so get out here right now!" "Shove off, Weasley," Scorpius said, his voice shakily attempting to sound menacing. It wasn't working well, but there was always hope that the girl would take pity on the sad sound of his voice and leave him alone. But Rose Weasley sometimes lacked compassion, so instead she said, "I don't have time for this, Malfoy, just get out here and face the consequences of your actions!" Scorpius wiped his mouth, his fingers itching to grab the small blade in his trousers so he could gain control again. Instead he stood and exited the stall, going to the sink and washing his hands. "By actions, do you mean to say my ability to move freely?" "You ran and disrupted my meeting," she said angrily. It was only then that Scorpius noticed Albus Potter standing beside his cousin, a curious look on his face. "You-" "Right; realized I needed the bathroom. I don't feel too bad, honestly; your speech was incredibly boring," He felt like throwing up once again, and once again his hand reached for his blade. "That was uncalled for," Albus said angrily. "So is half of what you say, Potter," "I-" "I expect an apology, Malfoy," Rose said. "Now," "I don't think you'll get one, Weasley, ever," The air was heavy with tension before Rose sniffed, sticking her nose high into the air and glaring at Scorpius again. "I hope you enjoy having every night patrol, Malfoy," she said before leaving the bathroom with her hair swinging behind her. Scorpius let out a breath of relief and grabbed the edge of the sink, his knuckles turning white as he closed his eyes and tried to stop himself from retching again. It was such an unpleasant thing, and he didn't want to do it twice in one day. He was tired, now; had he been this tired before? He could have sworn he'd gotten nearly ten hours of sleep the previous night, how could he possibly be tired again? "You don't have to be so rude, you know," The blond nearly jumped out of his skin; how had he once again forgotten that Albus Potter was there? "I wasn't rude," he protested weakly, failing to narrow his eyes at the other boy. Usually he could, but he was convinced that if he closed them even slightly he'd fall asleep. The thought infuriated him; he was losing control. "If anyone was, it was her. But you can't see past her precious last name, can you? And what's mine, huh? It's filth to you, Potter, so you assume all I do is wrong. And to think," he said slowly, hoping his words would hurt the other boy, "that I once thought you were a decent human being," He looked like he wanted to respond, but Albus Potter just stared at him, surprise in his eyes, before he backed out of the bathroom and shut the door quietly. Another breath of relief came from the Slytherin boy as he locked the door, pulling a blade out of his pocket and disappearing back into the stall. Scorpius unbuttoned the first few buttons of his shirt to reveal his shoulder, and he quickly positioned the cool metal over his pale skin. A near-silent voice in the back of his mind told him that this was wrong, that he should put it down and seek help, damnit, but Scorpius ignored it as per usual. As blood dripped down his arm he started to feel better, and like his control had been returned to him. This was his, no one could take it away from him, and no one could taint it. And for one fleeting moment, he felt happy. Scorpius Malfoy's favorite number, as of three in the afternoon on September first, was 128. In life, there were two choices: the wrong, and the right. Or at least that's what Albus had always been taught. You can go after the bad guy, or not. You can save the world, or not. You can lie, or tell the truth. The world was one of black and white. But then, Albus realized, black and white mix to make grey. Sometimes, the most beautiful grey he'd ever seen, and that thought brought him to Scorpius Malfoy's eyes. They were quite possibly the most amazing sight he'd seen in his short life, and the swirling mix of emotion and color fascinated him more than anything else in the world. He'd spent the entirety of their meeting trying to get a glance of the blond's wonderful eyes, but he couldn't see them properly. He recognized the nervousness and confusion in them, but Scorpius seemed to be looking away from Albus as best he could. There wasn't some weird reason as to why he liked the other boy's eyes. He just thought they were interesting. How no one else had noticed the one part of Scorpius Malfoy that never failed to explain his emotions was beyond Albus. He remembered the betrayal and hurt that had shown there in their first year, upon Albus informing the other boy that they could never be friends. They'd been friendly on the train, but then Albus had started hearing stories and people had told him that Scorpius was bound to be evil, and Albus hadn't wanted any part in that. He remembered the surprise and pride in them once he found out he'd gotten more O.W.L.S. than Rose, because he'd spent half the year studying for the upcoming tests. He remembered the anger, as people insulted him and his family. But as of late, all Albus could seem to remember was the empty, swirling grey color. The emotion had gone, just completely vanished, until he'd cornered the Slytherin in the bathroom with Rose. At that time, they'd been full of panic and fear. But fear of what, exactly? Albus didn't know, nor did he expect he would ever know. "Honestly that boy just gets under my skin-How they ever made him a prefect-He's such a disgrace to the sanctity of those in our positions!" Rose hadn't stopped complaining for about an hour. Albus didn't mind, they were the best of friends and she always listened to him vent, but when she really got going her words got quite harsh. He was reminded of