This pain is excruciating. I had gone through plenty of pain before the revolution. My father's death, my mother's weary yet constant denial, our near starvation, the imprisonment of the one person on the face of this earth who understood me, two savage and unfair Hunger Games, games where people with lives, hopes, and dreams were all murdered callously. I survived all of that, not easily, but I had. I guess there's just never a way to come out on top after going through something like that. My trembling, hungry stomach, my excruciating burns and cuts in both arenas, I would multiple that pain by a thousand times and it still wouldn't be as heartbreaking and painful as losing her. My sister. My Prim. The Prim who sat by our house fires with her goat Lady, the Prim who flew into any medical scare with such grace and calm assurance it was impossible to believe she was only fourteen. The Prim who let her shirttail hang out like a little duck the day of the reaping, who had soft blonde hair and bright blue eyes that promised compassion, yet ferocity: a peacemaker, yet a fighter. Who accompanied my mother, emulated my father, and laughed with Peeta and Haymitch at the sight of peppermints that cold winter night before everything changed. So wise, so loving, so much to offer. So young. These thoughts coarse through my veins, numbing them and turning them a deadly cold. My arms feel like rubber and for a moment, I feel as if my blood is actually running cold and drying out, slowly evaporating as any brief respite of life inside me vanishes. I had never imagined this kind of loss before. The kind that turns you cold, forces your lips into a straight line, diminishes your fight to live. My heart feels swollen, ready to combust and crack, weighed down with the heavy memories of her last moments. Her lips forming my name, so close and real, just as those white parachutes fell from the sky like raindrops. The flames, engulfing her, me, everything. I begin to hear a ringing in my ears as I begin to tremble, trying to fight off the fiery memory which will always be branded onto my mind. It takes me an excruciating few minutes to realize the ringing resounding in my ears is from my ear-splitting screaming. I stop once I realize I am almost out of breath, stomach heaving and lungs gasping for air. I am at my home in the Victor's Village, on my couch in the dark, in the cold, not bothering to build a fire or reach for a blanket. I haven't moved, only to go the bathroom and eat the meals Greasy Sae makes for me. Bacon and eggs in the morning, soup and sandwiches for lunch, and stew and loaves of bread for dinner. It has been this way for as long as I can remember, the time flying by. I can't remember if I have been here one day, one month, one year… My mind fogs over and simply waits the day out until the gray sky turns into black night. Greasy Sae constantly talks to me about Haymitch's geese and Paylor's election and the weather outside, which is slowly morphing from bitter cold into a more hopeful spring. She rambles again one day as she stands at the stove, stirring my lunchtime soup as I stroke Buttercup on the couch, wrapped in two wool blankets. The fire crackles, puffing out little whiffs of musk and wood. With the sunlight slanting in through the windows, I can tell today's weather is sunnier, warmer. I'm just thinking Greasy Sae will comment on the cloudless day when she says something that finally breaks me out of my sleeping reverie, causing my face to portray the first emotion it has since that horrible day that ended the war. The expression I wear now in reaction to Sae's words is one of both pain and confusion. Her words make me focus my attention, but at least I am relieved I feel no sense of longing or desire. Only a sense of relief. 'Gale's apparently in District 2 nowadays, executing some of the commanding Peacekeepers. I thought you would want to know. I've been seeing him on the television a lot lately." I can tell Greasy Sae is worried she has offended me and probably carefully weighed this decision to mention Gale. It doesn't hurt me as much as I thought. I don't really know him anymore, and that's what hurts more than anything. The war has ruined any hope of salvaging our friendship. Greasy Sae stirs the pot thoughtfully, turning to look at me. "The weather is great. Why don't you get out today?" Her face is hopeful, even pleading, so I muster all the strength I can manage to lift myself off of the cushions and trudge upstairs. I find myself feverishly grateful that I have climbed up these stairs once already since my return to throw out the one thing polluting my room, soaking into my pours, into my very being. I brace my nostrils, expecting to still smell that sweet yet sour fearful scent permeating throughout the upper level of my house. I take a tiny whiff, and to my relief, I smell nothing but must and dusty furniture. I grab my father's hunting jacket and boots, wincing briefly at the memories surging through my mind before looping my hair into a braid and stomping down the stairs. "I'm going hunting today," I tell Sae, turning around to leave. I don't look at her expression, but I'm guessing she's more than a little shocked. "Well, I could use some fresh game around here," is all she says. The woods are alive and hopeful, my favorite kind of day. Early spring, birds chirping, wind blowing with the smell of grass lingering in the breeze. Even now, in my broken state, I feel the best I have since I returned home. I now realize I should have done this sooner, come to the woods that I love so much, escaped the painful, caged up memories of my house. I lose track of time completely, trekking and picking a few berries from bushes. I shoot one squirrel right in the eye, thinking of Greasy Sae's stew. It's not as clean a skinning job as I used to manage, but I don't care. It's something at least. By the time I return to the house, I am exhausted from the lack of movement since returning to Twelve. I hand Greasy Sae the meat, and collapse on the couch, scarfing down a dinner so I can finally succumb to sleep. Only hours later I wake up from a terrible, scream-inducing nightmare that makes me tremble and grit my teeth so hard I wouldn't be surprised if my jaw fractured. All I want is a peaceful, happy sleep that brings happy dreams, like the child in the meadow in the song my father used to sing me. To calm myself, I begin to sing the song of sweet dreams and safety, my father's song. My voice is rough, scratchy from screaming and hoarse with pain as tears drizzle down my cheeks. Nevertheless, I begin. "And here your dreams are sweet, and tomorrow brings them true, here is the place where I love you…" My voice saturates the darkness of the room as I try to compose myself. Suddenly, I just want to feel comforted and loved and… not alone . I realize in this moment, hair sticking to my forehead with sweat and panting heavily, that the isolation I chose when returning home was the worst possible thing for me. I just want someone who knows me, understands me, loves me. And for the first time since the end of the war, I focus on something other than Prim's death and my grief. Peeta. The thought of him makes the very pits of my stomach tingle with excitement, longing, desire, even fear. Has this war turned him back into the screaming hijacked boy? Does he even remember he loves me? I never asked him as we invaded the Capitol because I just couldn't form the words without breaking down. I had needed him then more than ever when he still felt so distant, but now I want him even more. I want those blue eyes to stare into mine and tell me everything's going to be okay. I want his strong, broad arms wrapped around me, protecting me from so much. I want the boy with the bread, who knows all my secrets, the best and the worst, front to back, but loves me despite all of that. I want the one person who can bring me hope, become my dandelion in this unforgiving world of ours. And only he can give me that. I wonder where he is, thinking of the cold and calculating hospital rooms in the Capitol. He is probably there, resting, recovering, and talking to Dr. Aurelieus until he can be granted permission to leave. Will he come back to Twelve? I don't want to get my hopes up, considering he could want to have nothing to do with me, this painful burden from his past that makes all those shiny memories so much more confusing. I push these thoughts out of my head and stare at the wooden ridges in the ceiling, thinking about what I truly want out of a relationship with Peeta, beyond thankful when light begins to stream through my window and it can be acceptable to wake up. After a routine breakfast with Greasy Sae, I notice she begins to pace, staying long after her normal departure time. She pulls on her gray locks, fidgeting and pacing until I can't take it anymore. "What?" I demand, standing up from the breakfast table. "Oh, nothing, Katniss. I'm just so glad you are at least functioning again." Her drawl disguises her lie well. If I hadn't grown up to her soothing, wise voice, I wouldn't have known better that she was trying to fool me. "Right…." I say, my words sure. "Spit it out." I sound harsh, but I can't help it. After everything that's happened, I think I can handle this minute truth. She glances at me and apparently something in my expression softens her, because now she's looking at me with tears in her eyes and sighs deeply. "I'm just so proud of how far you've come Katniss. That's why I don't want to set you back to square one with all these people from your past and-" I cut her off. "People?" "Nothing," Greasy Sae says, gathering her knife and trading bag. "I have to get going. I'll be back for lunch." As if I didn't know that already. After she leaves, I spend a few minutes pacing my kitchen trying to decipher who Sae meant by "people" before I decide to take a walk to clear my head. As I walk down the stairs of my porch, I'm hit with a memory of my mother and Prim, laughing on the porch swing, Peeta trying to paint pictures of them. I've been thinking about him all morning since last night when I wished he was there to comfort me. But now, the memory only hurts. I haven't just lost Prim: I've lost him too. My face contorts in pain as I fly down the stairs, trying to escape the pain more quickly. That's when I hear the scraping. Curious and all-too-defensive, I round the corner of the house, expecting to find a fanged lizard or a ton of white roses being buried in the ground. Instead, I find something almost ironically shocking. My boy with the bread, my Peeta, stands there, a shovel in his hand as he pats a soft-edged, pretty bush into the sun-soaked soil. My mouth locks into place and I can't speak. It's really him.