Hello lovely friends! So I know I haven't updated my other WIP Ocean of Innocence yet and that it's been way too long since I last updated, but I'm really trying to look for inspiration as to where Finnick and Annie's story goes from here. Plus, this idea sprouted into my head and I just cannot for the life of me get it to go away. I'm not sure how long this story will be but updates should be more frequent now that I have a summer. I'll be crazy busy some weeks and have lots of free time others to hopefully have updates rolling pretty smoothly. Anyway, I hope you guys like this story as much as I have enjoyed having it in my head. I know Christmas is already very far away, but that's kind of when the story appeared in my head and wouldn't get out. So I hope you guys enjoy this little flashback at the beginning to Christmastime. It might take a few chapters for Katniss and Peeta to really meet, but she's still gonna be thrown in there despite everything else happening. Sooooo, without further ado, here is Chapter 1. Please tell me your thoughts—favorite or follow if you like, or send a review. They are like little day brighteners in a really crazy summer. I hope you all have a fabulous week!- Annie DISCLAIMER: Suzanne Collins wrote The Hunger Games and owns these lovely characters. I just love them enough to play around with them in this story. Prologue: The Most Wonderful Time It's been a cold winter. And it's Christmas again. Every year around this time, back when my brothers and I were kids, we'd spend hours outside rolling around in the snow that always managed to fall right before Christmas or scouring the aisles for that perfect, brilliant green Christmas tree while our mother, who was always in a slightly better mood during the holidays (which still meant she was moody and stubborn at the least) would remind us not to run. We'd even help her decorate our whole house with these old antique nutcrackers which my brother Rye claimed were made by magical elves. But my favorite part, the one thing I still looked forward to and woke up early for even after I turned eighteen and came home for Christmas from school, was baking Christmas cookies with my dad: spreading the flour out onto the large, wooden counters and frosting and baking and sprinkling so many different types of sugar cookies with all kinds of reds and greens that I'd have little flecks of sprinkles in my hair by the end of the day. Christmas was always the best time of year as a kid, but baking with him was my favorite. Those late nights shoving flour in my brothers' faces and watching my dad as he worked his magic. His uncanny ability to know when cookies were done without a timer, and the way his face would light up as he frosted a Santa hat to perfection… Our family bakery was busiest at Christmas, and for good reason. My dad was a loved man. Regulars that frequented our shop knew the little place crammed in between the hair salon and antiques store by heart and always ordered the same things every time they came in. They'd tell my father how much everyone loved his bakery, and he'd smile and pat the old women's hands. But I knew the reputation our business had was in large part because of my dad's friendly face and welcoming personality, although his cheese buns and raspberry danishes probably had something to do with it, too. Even newcomers could strike up a conversation with Frank Mellark and stay for thirty minutes just because he'd made them feel at home, even if they'd only meant to run in. It had been a Christmas just like this one, snow falling in fat, wet flakes, glistening on the street as people huddled in our bakery to hide from the cold and soak in the warm glow of the fireplace my dad stocked with fresh cedar wood every morning. I remember leaning against the counter satisfied, watching the loud chatter of the small café around me. The place my father had built from its very roots, strung with twinkling Christmas lights and wreaths that were strategically placed by my mother—decorating always especially made her more bearable—made the place feel alive. I was proud as I watched people striding past out the front windows, shopping bags in hand, while the group inside the bakery, some strangers and some people I'd known almost my whole life, made the place feel warm. With only three days left until Christmas, this was the first time I was acknowledging how much I wanted this future for myself—a place like this made people light up, it made everything brighter. Whether we got busier and I went home dead on my feet every night, that didn't matter. My dad had stayed home that day because he'd complained that his shoulders and arms were acting up again. I told him not to worry, to stay in bed and rest up these last few days before Christmas. I'd been at the bakery full time and although my brothers helped out on weekends, they had other jobs. There was never a question that this was what I wanted to do: carry on this place and own it one day. My mother would say I had the charm of a slug, but my brothers said I was exactly like my dad. And my friends would joke that I could make anybody like me within a simple, five minute conversation about the weather or what type of bread they should buy—whole grain or French?—for their dinner party. Strangers and old customers like Rooba and Sae, two old women that came in twice a week, sometimes together, called me "a dead ringer for Frankie," meaning my father. I did like to strike up conversations, but I still didn't see myself as likeable and magnetic as my dad. The way his eyes shone when he talked… Anyone would believe anything he tried to sell them. Including me. But about an hour later, my father was dead. A massive heart attack. Died in his bed. No way to have prevented it. My oldest brother Wes had found him. I was with Rue, one of my dad's younger employees, laughing about her family's crazy plans for Christmas. Her huge, wide eyes shone as she told me about how they were going to the woods behind their family farmhouse on Christmas Eve to camp out in the freezing snow when I got the call. My world shattered. Fifty three years old. And he was my hero. The funeral was a large affair. I didn't want it to be that way, and neither did my mother or brothers, but he was loved and admired by so many that it only made sense. My mother didn't shed any tears, but she did clasp my hand with a vice-like grip when she saw a silent tear slip down my cheeks as the casket was lowered into the ground. I think she realized at that moment everything she'd spent her life building was falling apart. And despite everything she'd ever said or done in the past that was more than hurtful, I loved her for that. Once everyone began to clear away from the grave, cold, bitter rain came pouring down and washed away the last remnants of mushy snow. … It's a strange thing when someone dies. The world keeps turning and turning and you just expect all life to seemingly stop because yours has. I didn't want to get out of bed, but I knew I had to be the one to open my father's bakery so people could remember him through cheese buns and hot chocolate and the smell of pine needles at Christmas. And that's what spurred me on. My father's funeral was the day before Christmas Eve, and all night I stayed in the shop, baking loaf after loaf of my dad's favorite raisin nut bread to prepare myself for opening tomorrow as the official owner. I saw myself carrying on my father's legacy to remember his amazing life, and that was the only thing that didn't make me feel useless. Christmas Eve I simply sat in the back kitchen, ignoring texts and calls from my brothers asking why I'd never shown up to dinner at my aunt's, as I tried to feel anything but numb. In the back of the shop, with the ovens that my dad taught me how to use and the weight of his memory and my grief heavy in the air, I cried for all that I had lost. Sobbed until my head ached. Finally allowed myself to break down and mourn, during a time that my father had used to call "the most wonderful time of the year". Eventually I realized that I was starving, and I flipped off the lights, too numb to care about my red, swollen eyes, as I headed to an isolated bar down the street. Thankfully everyone was with their families tonight and no one would recognize a teary-eyed Mellark roaming the now-dark streets. I made it to the bar when I realized that it wouldn't be open on Christmas Eve, and that to survive this night I'd need to get completely wasted. I needed noise and a night of no thinking. And there was only one club shitty enough to be open on a night that should be spent with family and friends. I headed there immediately. After one drink, I felt nothing. After four, I felt a steady fire and a nice, warm feeling seeping through my veins. Then I lost count and couldn't remember why I was alone on Christmas Eve, with a bottle of tequila as my only company, when my brothers were probably worried, when family was more important than ever. At some point, I drunkenly decided that every Christmas Eve, just once a year, I'd allow myself to numb my father's loss and forget who I was just to deal with the pain in the weakest way possible. Then, after God knows how many shots of tequila, I decided feeling numb and forgetting included a "fuck buddy". Those two words weren't something someone like me used, ever really, and I felt like my best friend Finnick for a moment. I didn't know if I liked it. I wasn't the type of person to sleep with just anyone. My first Christmas Eve without my father it was a long, leggy blonde with extremely large, fake breasts. The next year Clove, a rough, brown-haired girl with beady eyes. Then Lavinia (a red-head with pretty green eyes), then Katherine (blond and annoying). This year is five Christmases without my father. But it's strange, because although when I think about it I miss him just as much as I did five years ago, I'm still Peeta. I still laugh with people in the bakery, still smile, still go out with my friends and live a normal life. But as those few days before Christmas approach, I start feeling a little less like myself as I remember my annual night of forgetting is coming up. I know I could stop going to that shitty bar every Christmas Eve and spare myself the hangover and feeling of worthlessness the next day, but whenever I think about ending my trips I feel like I'd be breaking a tradition and somehow forgetting my dad in the process. I'm not in that dark place I was five years ago, and I would say I've healed as much as I ever will. But I just can't shake that feeling that I can't give up my annual day to feel sorry for myself. It's not healthy, and I know that. But that doesn't mean I can give it