Hey again ;) So I am super excited about this story. I've always wondered about Finnick and Annie's relationship and how they came to be. I couldn't get it out of my head, so I decided to write it down. And I'm in love with both of these characters, so writing them has been so much fun. Also, updates might come a little more frequently at the beginning because I've already written some chapters of the story. I wanted to know where I was going with this before I decided to put it up here, so I already have some ideas brewing. But of course, I'm always open to suggestions or comments, because reviews are like receiving little personal hugs throughout my day to make it better. I really hope you guys like this. PLEASE let me know what you think. I plan to continue this for a good while. So without further ado, Chapter One... (plus a little prologue for some extra insight haha) P.S.- This first chapter's a little short, but I promise they will quickly become longer Prologue: Innocence "You must like seashells," I say, picking up a fistful of sand and watching it run through my fingers. "I do," she says, her little voice defiant. "Don't you?" "I guess," I say, not really impressed. "But I like the colorful ones. They're better to look at than these boring white ones." She's already shaking her blonde wisps of hair back and forth as she listens to my reasoning. "No, that's where you're wrong, Fin." She sounds so much more mature than I am, wise beyond her years, as she strokes the soft, white shell in her hand. "The white is prettiest. It's pure. That's what my mother says. She wore a big white wedding dress the day she married my daddy because white means purity. It means innocence. It's like… a new beginning." Her voice is dreamy and far off, and it seems to carry out past the sand and dance across the waves. My five-year-old brain is miffed by her little rant. "What's innocence?" I ask stupidly. "It's newness," she murmurs. "It's like being free of everything bad." "And that's white?" I ask skeptically. "Yes," she says, her startling green eyes even then shining with a soft spoken, kind light. She's smiling at the sea, her tiny hand clutching the white shells. "It's my favorite color." I've had enough of her playing the smart one. And I'm also feeling like she might be crazy—how can white be someone's favorite color when it's not really a color at all? So I chime in, "Do you know what the color white means at sea?" She looks over at me with wide eyes and whispers, "No. What does it mean?" We are both staring at each other very seriously. She genuinely wants to know. "It means danger. The color that used to mean danger was red, but sometimes the red was too hard to see during sunset or at night. So they changed it to white. So white doesn't always mean good things," I finish, trying to sound as smart as her and ultimately failing. "Oh," she says, her little blonde brows furrowing. "Well, I still think it's something good and pure." The conviction in her voice is unmistakable. "Well, I don't think so," I retort, brushing the sand off my tan legs. "Well, you can go ahead and think what you like, Finnick Odair. But I am probably right." Her eyes widen again and her eyes squint as she back tracks through her brain, realizing the words she's just said. "Sorry, Fin. That was mean. I'm not always right." She pauses briefly then continues talking. "I have to go home now. My mother will yell at me if I'm late again." "Okay," I nod, standing up quickly. "I will see you tomorrow." She bobs her head in agreement. "Bye. I'm going with my daddy tomorrow." "So am I." With that, she spins and hurries off, her white dress billowing in the dinnertime breeze. The air that whizzes past my nostrils with her passing smells like briny salt and the very comforting scent of vanilla. She smells… pure . So as I turn away from our beach and begin the short walk home, I scoop up a handful of white shells and decide secretly that white is pure and innocent and beautiful. Even though the next day I'll continue to argue with her that it's not. But it is. Just like her. Just like Annie. Chapter One: Reaping I look past the symmetrical, stone-paved square and over the walls of the store-lined streets towards the sea. It glistens as the sun shines on it, turning the usual dark blue a bright turquoise. With the mood of the district settling into my mind and making me cringe away from the bad memories, I welcome the familiar sight of the ocean. It feels like home and reminds me of my father, even when its magnificence is so out place here on this doomed holiday. I'm suddenly five years old again, watching my father as he wades into the water, the silvery ripples tugging against the dark hair of his legs. He looks strong and capable as he positions his body, trident in one hand and net in the other. His face wears a look of concentration that he reserves only for days like this, fishing out here in what he calls his sea. My mother always says that my father grew up more comfortable with the sand and salt and water than in his own home, and I don't doubt her for one second. My father's face appears lighter and less worn, the wrinkles smoothed out on his leathery forehead, when he stands like this, face turned towards the ocean. I can almost imagine the horizon leaking sunlight across the glistening, white-capped waves, the rays slowly sinking into his face. At five years old, this is how I know my father. I know him as the strong man with the sturdy, born-for-fishing hands, delicate enough to handle the soft, woven nets, yet strong enough to pull in large sea bass that he sells at several markets near the square. He is exactly what I aspire to be. A good man with a bright smile and an easy, natural humor that makes the room feel more buoyant. He is afraid of nothing, and in my small, child-like mind, I realize that he must be a hero. And in a way, I guess you could say my father was my hero. He taught me everything I know now: about fishing, about tridents and spears, and about the importance of living life to its fullest. He gave me what I needed to survive that hellish arena. I sigh, a big, gusty breath, pushing that thought out of my head. Focus Finnick , I tell myself. It's just today. Get it over with, and then you can forget about it. As soon as I think those words, I almost laugh. Right, because today is the only day I have to pretend to be something I'm not for the Capitol. That couldn't be farther from the truth. But to keep me sane, I pretend that what I've convinced myself is real. That after this, I can go home and breathe a sigh of relief, free of the Capitol and the Games. It just makes the day more bearable. I used to be terrified of reaping day. I would stand in my roped-off section with all my friends from school, trying to appear tough as I watched our district's escort, LaBelle Driscoll, reach in with her glitter-encrusted nails to pick the name of the next victim. Those first two years, I remember letting out heavy sighs of relief. It wasn't me. I convinced myself it would never be me. I just couldn't imagine it. I felt what everyone else felt, that mix of relief and shameful guilt as you watched the kids who you maybe had known or seen walk up the stage to their imminent death. It was never easy. But a few days after my fourteenth birthday had passed and I was standing in the sweltering heat once again, roped-off in the square, my name was called. And somehow, I kept it together for my family. For my father, my mother, my younger sister Cora. I wasn't going to let them mourn for me. My mother and sister fell apart, but my dad was the one who had gripped me by the sleeves, gazed into my eyes, and said, almost demanded, "You will win. You have it in you, Finnick. I know it." And with that, they were all gone, rushed out of the Justice Building, back to our cottage that lie right next to the breezy, salty sea. Cora's sobs haunted me as she left, her bronze hair matted and sticking to her face. In that moment, I decided to try for them. For my family, I would try. All my life, I had never gone down without a fight. And those Games, the 65th Hunger Games, I did exactly what I had come to do. To win, to get the whole thing over with as soon as possible in order to get back to my family. But when I finally thought I was free, done with the sick games of the Capitol for life, I found myself even deeper in than before. "Finnick?" I hear a voice whisper, calling me out of my daze as the painful memories start to twist inside my mind, knotting into my brain like the golden fishnets my mother used to weave. It's Mags, my old mentor who slowly over time became the only person I could ever trust again. I relax at the sound of her garbled drawl, feeling a tiny bit of the tension release in my back muscles. "I'm fine," I assure her, but it's just a breath. We are on the stage now, the all too familiar sound of LaBelle's heels clacking against the recently-polished surface. Her hair is a frightening bright red color, and since last Games she has had diamond gems embedded into her skin that sparkle as she struts around. I hold back a laugh and glance over to see Mags smiling as well at LaBelle's frazzled manner. She's speaking in rushed hysterics to Mayor Tate, who assures her that everything is to go as planned. Once she hears this she seems to settle down, rubbing her palms together and beginning in that chirpy, Capitol-accented voice. I tune her out completely, and try to at least pretend to pay attention to the video being projected across the front of the Justice Building. The man's voice drabbles in the background, detailing that same story that I've heard enough to last a lifetime. It's only when LaBelle finally makes her way over to the two daunting glass balls center stage that I focus my attention. Already I hate the thought of having to mentor two more kids through hell. It's a hopeless situation, but I'm here every year, coaching and supporting and persuading until I realize there's no need to hope anymore. Last year, it was particularly hard when a boy I had grown quite fond of during the mentoring process, Sam, was killed by a crazed tribute from eight. But then again, it's never been easy, no matter if you take the time to actually get to know the kid. I don't even try to think about the previous years, and the previous kids I've watched die, feeling somehow responsible for them not making it home. But in comparison to the other horrors I've faced over these past five years since being crowned a victor, my time in the arena seems almost easy. It makes me almost laugh humorlessly that that's what it has come down to. As if participating in the Hungers Games is easier than all of this that's happening