I OWN NOTHING! Once upon a time there was a girl named Alexia the Dark of course you can only guess why she was called that. Her unlike her twin sister Alice the White, was cursed with the darkness that has always followed her but on her quest with the Fellowship she learned that her curse was really just a gift that only she could control. Her whole life she had pushed people away making sure not to get to close to them but of course Alice was always there and so was Gandalf, Elrond, Radagast the Brown, Lady Galadriel, and Aragorn but he shouldn't really count because she has known him since forever and for some odd reason he likes to think that he is her older brother even though she is way older than he is. But then again after she meant the Fellowship all of that changed it wasn't just 6 people that cared about her it was many more especially a certain Pince of Gondor. Alexia and Boromir has been together for a year and a half, and they've only been married a half a year and of course that's not counting the time they had on the quest to destroy the One Ring. But even though they've been together and married that doesn't mean they are together as much as they want to be, and Boromir is going to do something about that no matter what it takes. Now Boromir is loyal and faithful to his King and would do anything for him, but he hasn't had sex with his wife in almost a month and it was killing him, now don't get him wrong Boromir loved and respected Alexia but when you have the woman all the men wants and she walks past all of them and walks up to you and asks how your doing, you can't help but feel like the luckiest guy in the world and just knowing that your the only one she sees is the best feeling in the world and its probably the only thing that's keeping Boromir in his sane mind. Boromir was once again by his King's side with a listening but bored look on his face. Alexia was out and wasn't supposed to be back until late tonight, she was out working on some new magic and didn't want to be described by anyone not even himself and hearing that hurt, but to by fair he could pick some of the worst moments to touch her stuff or ruin whatever she was working on for days on end. Boromir was so deep in thought he didn't see Aragorn moving his hands in front of his face trying to get his attention. Boromir looked up at him turning his full attention to his king and asked Yes my Lord, is there something the matter? Aragorn couldn't help but laugh but laughing uncontrollably loud was probably a little over board, although it was the first amusing thing that had happened all day and Aragorn was getting a little bored himself. Boromir frowned at hearing Aragorn laughing at him he had other things to worry about like his love life. Aragorn smiled and said Thank you Boromir my dear friend, I haven't laughed in a while, it's been all work and no play, surely you understand. Boromir smiled a little bit at hearing he could lighten his friend's mood and said in return, Believe me Aragorn I know what you mean, and I am sorry about earlier I should've been listening, what were you talking about anyway? Aragorn was concerned now Boromir really wasn't listening, just what was wrong with him, he always listens to Aragorn when there is important matters to attend to, Aragorn looked at Boromir with concerned eyes and asked Boromir is there something borthering you? Boromir frowned and said My Lord I'm fine just a little tried that's all. Aragorn wasn't buying that first tiredness has never really borthered Boromir, and second if Aragorn hasn't seen his wife in a month there would be one thing on his mind that could be detracting him from important matters, first would be if she was healthy and doing alright and second would be SEX, Aragorn smiled gently and said don't worry Boromir it was just stuff about the up coming festival boring stuff really, but never mind that I am more concerned about one of my most trusted friends, do not forget I am not just your king but I am also your friend. Boromir rised a eyebrow at Aragorn and asked with a amusement in his voice, Aragorn surely there is more important business then me and my life and besides I'm just tired. Aragorn rolled his eyes and said Ok ok let me guess it begins with a Â. Boromir looked at Aragorn with surprised eyes was it really that noticeable was he really that desperate looking could everyone see how much he misses her how much he misses Alexia , Boromir smiled if he was going down he might as well try to stay up, Boromir's surprised eyes turned to his shiny light chocolate brown ones and asked Aragorn, You mean apples I ate one this morning it was so red and sweet it was delicious. Aragorn smiled at his denial and said No that's not quite it it's more of a person then a food. Boromir clapped his hands together and said Your right my friend I must write Alice a latter and ask how she and Legolas is doing and when we will be seeing them next. Aragorn laughed and said How about her twin Alexia you know your wife, the one you've been apart from for almost a month and a half, the one that would've gave her life for you in the war of the One Ring. Aragorn was going to go on but Boromir stopped him by saying Ok fine you caught me but Aragorn I want you to think about this when isn't Alexia on my mind. Aragorn nodded his head in agreement there isn't nothing he wants more than to be by Arwen's side but he was also needed by his people so he complely understood how Boromir felt but then again he did go to sleep every night with Arwen in his arms, while Boromir did not infect Aragorn couldn't remember the last time he had seen Boromir and Alexia together, either Boromirs off delivering important latters that only Aragorn could trust him with or Alexia is off doing all of the Gods knows what. Boromir rubbed his hands though his hair and said She is supposed to be back some time tonight so I would not worry about it to much and besides just seeing her is enough for me. Aragorn smiled gently at his friend and said You two couldn't be more perfect for each other, but seriously Boromir if you need anything let me know and if you need any tips on how to please a lady in the bedroom I'll be glad to tell you how it's done, but don't tell me the aftermath of it she is still like a little sister to me. So Dinner passed and everyone retired to bed, Boromir was doing his last round on watch duty before he retired to his clod, empty, and very much lonely bed, he fingered he would at least see Alexia in the morning and greet her return, but Boromir since he hasn't been eating much lately was actually kinda hungry, so Boromir had made his way down to the kitchen and gabbed himself some food, for Dinner he had some meat and cheese and for dessert he went a little over board with it but come on he was alone and depressed and he didn't care how much the baker lady complained about the missing stuff, he had a piece of chocolate cake and extra whipped cream topping and more chocolate sauce to put on top of it, Boromir was about to take a bite out of it but stopped when he heard a voice he hasn't heard in what seemed like forever for him, the voice somewhat amused said You know Anna is going to be quite angry with you she made that cake specially for her King. Boromir smiled big and turned to look at her, to look at the person he was missing the most, the person he couldn't get off his mind even if he wanted to, the person he loved the most in this world and the person he would willingly die for if it meant that she could live, Alexia the love of his life, Alexia was wearing her normal battle gear long black boots that went past her knees with white socks that went higher then the boots but didn't touch the skin tight shorty shorts that was black with a white trim, she wear a long white shirt with sleeves that went past her hands but had fit her like a glove and she had a corset that was black and fit her tightly but looked comfortable enough to fight in, she didn't have her sword around her waist like she normally did which was odd and her long firely red hair was down and like a waterfall it poured around her, his eyes finally made their ways to her eyes, her beautiful bright shining green eyes. Alexia moved from the doorframe and walked over to Boromir and gently took the fork that he had in his hand and she took the first bite herself, Boromir watched every single little move she made, Boromir smirked and said Well it looks like we are partners in crime. Boromir took the fork back and took a bite as well, he handed the fork back and instead grabbed Alexia around her waste and pulled her into his lap, Alexia smiled almost to sweetly and asked almost to innocently while moving her arms around his neck: Did you miss me Boromir ? Boromir smiled greatly not even going to try to deny it like he did with Aragorn earlier, and with big puppy dog eyes said So very much. Alex smirked and moved her lips on his and ran her hands though his hair softly pulling at the ends playing with them, Boromir's hands that was on her waste now moved to her hips holding her in place on his lap, the at first sweet and passionate kiss was now needie and lustily, Boromir's tongue was in Alexia's mouth moving around everywhere not letting anywhere go untouched like it was a new place somewhere unknown to him and he was enjoying moment of it, things was getting really heated Boromir was just moving his hands up to her back so he could undo her corset in the back, but what stopped him was a handful of whipped cream that was left over from his cake that was long forgotten on the table next to them, Boromir couldn't believe it did he do something wrong, he took his hand and moved the cream out from his eyesight, and when he opened his eyes he was greeted with a smirking green eyed girl trying to look innocent but was failing miserably at it, Boromir calmly looked at her and softly almost like a kid in trouble asked Did I do something wrong. Alexia laughed softly and said No. Boromir was confused now it had been so long since he's been this close to her and she just slaps him with whipped cream and for what nothing? Boromir now confused asked Then why did you slap me? Alexia sat closer pushing herself against him more and moved up to some of the cream that was on Boromir's cheek and licked it off she moved back and with the most sexiest voice Boromir has ever heard said Because I wanted to. It didn't take Boromir long before he had