Well hello guys... Just wanna run this new story I had floating around in my head by you guys... to see what you think... It´s doing well over at The Writer´s Coffeeshop and I just wanted to share it hear too... So if you will give it a try... DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT NOW, NOR HAVE I EVER OWNED THE CHARACTERS OF TWILIGHT... A NEW MOON DUVET SET AND EDWARD CULLEN BLANKET MAYBE...BUT THE REST SADLY ARE NOT MINE... ALSO THIS FIC CONTAINS AND MAKES REFERENCE TO THE BDSM LIFESTYLE... I DO NOT NOW, NOR HAVE I EVER PRACTICED ANY OF THESE THINGS... SO THAT BEING SAID... DO NOT TRY THIS AT HOME... I REPEAT... DO NOT TRY THIS AT HOME... NOW THAT THAT´S OUT OF THE WAY... ON WITH THE SHOW... SEE YOU AT THE END KRAZI XOXO Prologue: Blind Dating BOV Seattle 2009... I can´t believe I´m actually doing this. I´m actually preparing myself for my blind date, a trip into the unknown. Only thing is, this is not just a regular meet him at a restaurant, sit down over a quiet dinner, get to know you kinda blind date. If only my life were that simple. I´m actually meeting him at an extremely private- not to mention exclusive club- named Breaking Dawn. When I say exclusive, I do mean ´ex-clew-sive´ . It would probably be easier to get passed those guards with the fuzzy black hats on and accost the queen of England, before you can get into this club. You sort of have to know somebody... who knows somebody... who dated somebody else... who was actually the daughter of nobody in particular to get in. Now do you get it? Thankfully, I didn´t have to go through a series of somebodies only to end up with nobody, since my best friend and her fiancé are VIP members of said club. Okay, I know what your thinking, why in the sam hell would I be going through all this for somebody I don´t know or possibly won´t even make a connection with. I know... I know... I´ve asked myself that same question a million times since Alice suggested to me two weeks ago, to let her set this up. But hey... this is Alice. I trust her with my life. We´ve actually been talking on the ¨ special cell¨- as I´ve so graciously dubbed it- for the past week. Yes I used air quotes... problem... And already he owns me. If somebody would have told me this was possible two weeks ago, I would have laughed my ass off. Now... not so funny. I know.. it´s written all over your face, how is this a blind date if we´ve been talking for a week. Well I´ll tell you, because it´s simple really. We have these disposable cells because we don´t even know each others names. Personally I know absolutely nothing about this intense stranger, except that he can make me cum on command, just with the sound of his voice. Swoon... My panties are soaked just thinking about it. I know you may think that it´s weird, but really the unconventionality of it works out perfect for us both, because if it doesn´t work out, then there´ll be no awkwardness between us. We go our separate ways and it will be as if neither of us ever existed. As I previously stated, I trust Alice with my life, so if she says he´s okay, then I need know absolutely nothing else about him. You see I can´t meet him in a normal restaurant, due to the delicate nature of our proposed arrangement. I tend to be a bit special needs and supposedly he´s the right one to handle said needs. If you know what I mean... Oh... that´s right I haven´t told you, so of course you don´t know what I mean. Well the club is a BDSM club and I am a submissive in desperate need of a Dom. Phew ... it really felt good to get that out there. I´ve known for a couple of years now that I was different, but it wasn´t until about two years ago, that my curiosity for all things BDSM was piqued. It all started with a dream I had one night, about my first and only crush. Flashback the dream... I´m hogtied and suspended from a pulley system in the ceiling. A spreader bar denies me the ability to close my legs. I´m open and exposed for my Master´s pleasure. He´s decided to blindfold me tonight, this makes me happy, because it heightens my other senses and makes the scene that much more intense and pleasurable. I focus on listening, he´s over by the chest collecting what he´ll need to complete the scene. I barely make out the whisper of his jean clad legs as he approaches. He´s close. I can hear the slight rise and fall of his chest as he makes me wait in anticipation. I want so badly to moan as he licks hot trail from my shoulder to the spot just behind my ear. I know not to speak without permission, unless I want to be punished, which would end with more pain than pleasure. I can feel his scorching hot breath on me ear. ¨Hmmm... look at you my pet.. you look so beautiful in your submission. Does my slutty girl like that I have her tied up and completely at my mercy.¨ He asks rhetorically, knowing full well that he´s not given me permission to speak. ¨Do you want to know what I have planned for my pet this evening. Do you want to know what naughty things I plan to do to you, before I fuck you nice and hard.¨ He warm breath raises goose bumps on my highly aroused flesh. Again, he´s met with my silence. Playing my body like a skillful pianist that tickles the ivories, he takes my left nipple between his teeth, as he simultaneously strokes my clit. Even without the familiar clink of the chain, I know that he´s preparing me for the clamps. Pulling and suckling my left nipple, pinching and tugging on the right, they spring to life, elongating at he skillful touch. Pebbling rock hard in anticipation of the bite of the clamps. When he is satisfied that they are worked up enough, he clamps both my breast and my clit. I bite down on my lower lip and choke back a moan as I feel the clamps dig into the flesh of my most sensitive areas. I desperately try to focus on my breathing as my body acclimates to the bite of the clamps. As unbelievable as it may seem, this causes a stream of desire to flow from my aching pussy. Edward trails a finger through my extremely moist and swollen sex, causing me to shudder involuntarily. ¨Tsk...tsk...tsk..¨ He clunks his tongue. ¨Your making a mess Isabella, your hot pussy is leaking all over the place. That isn´t polite now is it? You may answer me pet, until I decide otherwise.¨ He instructs. ¨Sorry Sir. Your girl does not mean to make a mess.¨ I apologize. ¨Hmmm... Is that so, because now you´ve got my hands all messy. I think you need to clean them off.¨ He orders. Knowing what´s to come, I obediently open my mouth to lick his magic fingers clean. ¨Mmmmm...¨ I moan enjoying the musky, tangy sweet taste of my arousal on his fingers. I´m careful to remove it all. I do not wish to anger my Master. ¨My nasty girl likes her taste on my finger. You are such a dirty little girl, my pet. What shall I ever do with you.¨ Master muses. Yanking at the clamp chains, causing them clamps to bite deeper into my flesh. I suck in a startled breath as he plunges two fingers in my pussy, sparing me no mercy. His ministrations are causing the burn low in my stomach to intensify, but I know he will not grant me release this early in the scene. I try to think of something trivial, to slow the burn. Hmmm... I´ve got to go over case files and milk.. I need to by milk... Mojo needs some winter clothes. I mentally wrote my to do list in hopes to thwart my impending orgasm. As quickly as they entered his fingers leave me. I immediately whimper at the loss. He´s got me right were he wants me wanton, burning, and frustrated because I desperately need FRICTION! I whined in protest, as the sound of him licking my juices from his fingers rang out in the playroom. In my sexual frustrated state I writhe in my bindings, causing the ropes to dig a bit deeper in to my flesh. I concentrate on the feel of the ropes to once again center myself. ¨My little slut is greedy tonight. Hmmm.. I think maybe you need reminding just who controls your orgasms. Who all your pleasure belongs to, for that matter,¨ his velvet voice is so calm yet commanding, I have to fight not to cum just from his mere words.¨I think to teach my slutty girl a lesson I shall leave you without release tonight.¨ He threatens bringing his hand down swiftly to slap my right ass cheek and then the left. ¨Arghhh...¨ I cry. The sting of his hand coming in contact with my bare bottom only serves to intensify the throbbing ache of my swollen clit. ¨ Please Master... your girl did not mean to upset you.¨ I beg. He loves it when I beg. He loves the type of control only he possess over my body. ¨Open!¨ He commands placing the chain from the clamps between my teeth. Running the pad of his thumb over my cheek he warns,¨hold the chain between your teeth Isabella. I implore you to concentrate on keeping the chain taunt.¨ Rubbing my ass cheeks lightly,¨you do remember the consequences if you don´t,¨ he reminds with a menacing chuckle. Trust me when I tell you, if my brain doesn´t remember, my ass sure does. Not something I want to repeat. My inner ramblings are interrupted by the lick of the riding crop on my inner thigh. Jerking at the surprise sensation, the chain pulls the clamps taunt, causing a moan from deep in my throat. This feels so fucking good. I don´t know what to concentrate on the most. The bite of the clamps or the sting of the crop. I´m spiraling out of control from this heady cocktail of both pain mixed with indescribable pleasure. I don´t have time to decide, because the crop is now coming in quick successions. Thwack...thwack...thwack... It´s too much, but still not enough. He knows where I want it, but he´s purposefully overlooking my pussy. ¨Ungnnn... mmmmm...¨ I grunt in protest. ¨Isabella what color are we? Are we green?¨ He asks. Without a second thought, I bob my head in confirmation that we are indeed green. I. WANT. MORE. DAMMIT... It´s not that I´m a pain slut or anything, it´s just that I´m so fucking turned on all logic and reasonable thinking escapes me. Knowing exactly what he´s doing, he brings the riding crop down on my pussy, in time with the bobbing of my head. ¨Ugnnn...¨ I moan. It´s too much. The clamps... The ropes... The crop... It´s too fucking much. He knows I can´t ask for permission to cum without dropping the chain. I moan and groan from the onslaught of so much sensation. Thankfully my Master knows my body. He knows that I´m extremely close to my limit. Hearing the sound of the crop hitting the floor. I´m immediately assaulted by Master´s cock slamming into me. ¨Unnnnn...¨ I throw my head back in pure elation. Never have I felt so fucking whole and complete. ¨Fuuuuck... Isabella your fucking pussy is so tight. Drop the fucking chain. I wanna hear how much you love my fucking cock pounding into you.¨