Author's Note: Hey, just wanted to thank you for choosing to read my Hunger Games fanfic. I read all of the books and I loved them to death! If you haven't read them please do, because they are a complete masterpiece and I can only hope that my writing can even come close to Suzanne's work. :) Prologue: Adrift in a flowing plane of golden sod, my heart plummeted into an abyss of anguish and turmoil. With oxygen lacking in my lungs, I gasped, attempting to ensnare any that I could through the blood curdling in my throat. They say "May the odds be ever in your favor!" but their well wishes are just a pretense to mask their loathing for the lowly commoners of Panem. Casting aside our lives like filthy entrails from the carcass of a fresh kill, they regard us as meager pack animals; fit only for labor and the annual slaughter they call, "The Hunger Games." Inspecting the silver knife protruding out of my abdomen, I observed the dark red hues of blood spilling into my hands and staining the turf before me. Like a river of thick wine it flowed in a long parade of liquid, defying not, its mistress gravity. To my knees I fell, realizing today would surely be my demise. 'Courageously I had fought and courageously I shall die.' Replaying the last twenty minutes in my mind, I concluded this to be my only fate. On the threshold of a great plane, I knelt, cautiously scrutinizing any minute alteration to the serenity of the scape. To my left a hillock swept upward shrouded with fir, pine, and cedar trees towering over a multitude of poisonous shrubbery and brambles. To my right the trees were as a fortified castle, impenetrable to even the smallest of creatures. Nevertheless, ahead a small breach in the curtain of vegetation proved to be the focal point of my progression. For a good length of time, I knelt observing the fringe of this breach yet not even the flick of a wing exposed itself to my gaze. A quite peculiar affair, seeing how mere minutes earlier mocking jays flew from shrub to shrub, each filling it's gullet to his heart's content with various berries, seemingly immune to the vile fruits. In my gut, I knew this could only mean one thing, danger! However, foolishly I ignored my better judgment. Holding fast to two long daggers cradled in my blistered palms, I re-positioned my grip around their leathery black hilts and prepared to hasten across the expanse. Rising to my feet, I drew in a broad breath and let the air escape my lungs, thus concluding my acts of preparation and then bounded forward. Fueled by fear and adrenaline, I ran with all the power within me, causing the knee tall grass to break beneath my feet and leave a prominent trail behind me, much to my dismay. ' Faster, you have to go faster!' A panicked voice from within my mind shouted, unrelenting in its urgency. I could see the tree line fifty yards away, but the appearance of it was most unsettling. For emerging out of the underbrush was a towering career with a lengthy knife stained red and dripping with blood. In his eyes, pain shoved down by an unholy animosity was evident. Torn half off, his shirt hung in shreds, dangling from his right shoulder and at his hip connected by feeble strands. The splaying of the flesh on his arms displayed bare bone in gruesome detail. Cascading in dark hues of crimson, his blood tumbled down from the incisions, in streams of hot sticky liquid to stain his fingers and drip to the turf. His muscles more predator like than human, rippled as they strained to control their overzealous blood lust. I could tell from his appearance that he was no new comer to murder. He had killed many of the other tributes; he was a serial killer. Many had fallen victim at the hands of this monster and that terrified me more than I can express. A torrent of fear washed over me, weighing heavily on my heart. I came to a rather precarious halt and positioned myself to throw one of my precious daggers. The monstrosity of a boy ceased his forward progression, taking up his knife and running his right thumb across its edge; causing a dull "shing" to resonate from the tip. The homicidal smirk drawn on his face confirmed my suspicion that terror had registered on mine. Suddenly the desert like heat emanating from the sun crept its way into my throat and resided on my tongue, making way for cottonmouth to overtake my senses. I gulped trying to swallow but it was futile, for with my mouth forsaken by moisture, all I managed to choke down was a mouthful of air. With muscles tightening I could feel them bind, calling upon every cell to reach its full potential. Sweat descended down my face in tiny droplets of sodium infused liquid. "It's now or never." I whispered. Giving a boisterous screech, I launched the dagger from my grasp; but upon seeing its course of action my heart became the epitome of distress. The air in my lungs escaped through the immeasurable breach that was now my mouth. Gasp! Oh, how a terrible fate has befallen me! Instead of driving itself into his chest, I watched as it cast itself deep into a willow tree beside him concealing the blade altogether. Trembling, I did my very best to compose myself; but what little composure I had gained siphoned through my fingertips as the career elevated his bloody weapon to his mouth and promptly proceeded to clean the blade with his tongue. The putrid flavor of bile forced its way into my mouth, but I made it a priority not to express my disgust for this—this abhorrent creature that stood before me. Forcing myself to ingurgitate the burning liquid, all that I could ask myself was why the citizens of the Capitol could possibly find this of the least bit entertaining. Searching for any escape that I may procure, I hastily began looking around, hoping for someone or something to take up the occupation of being my savior. As I have observed before, the outskirts of the plane to my left and to my right are impenetrable. Moreover, I dared not undertake such a venture as to turn and expose myself to an attack from behind, especially to someone as unforgiving as he. With one option left at my disposal, I solemnly took up my last object of defense and prepared give him a fight that he will not soon forget. As if to say, "Bring it on." He contemptuously eyed my vigilant posture. With that conveyed through our minds, our battle began. As he ran towards me, his face wrinkled with the strain of transporting his enormous body at the rate of speed that he now pursued my stationary self. Lifting his knife aloft in the air he vigorously delivered it down upon my patient blade and with a long resounding "shink", his weapon had been deflected. With jaw set as to resemble a locked vice he brandished his knife with deft movements, it is likely that he did so attempting to bewilder me. To undertake such a vigorous task as to follow his blade as it swung violently through the ever-parching air, would have been a monumental task for someone trained in the art of swordsmanship. In a word, his show off effort completed its job with all the potent qualities that it was intended to. Blood poured out of the incisions on his arms and sprayed my face. Though I held the droplets in great disdain as they rolled off my chin, I couldn't help but think of how repulsing it is to have another's bodily fluids running down my cheek. A good length of time passed but I had become entranced by his astonishing display, I was taken aback when suddenly ceasing this befuddling dance he administered a cleaving blow to my face. Abruptly the agonizing affliction of the splayed flesh ushered itself to the forefront of my attention. From the crest of my left temple to the undermost portion of my chin, my cleaved flesh stung and gushed with a waterfall of blood as my body urgently began trying to fill the gap with coagulating blood. The distortion of vision in my eye expressed to me that my attempt to blanket it with the protection of an eyelid fell fruitless in its quest. Having no time to dwell on this woeful experience, I turned to avenge my once descent appearance. Bearing down upon his knife, I applied with great force my honed dagger. His face cringed with the strain of upholding my blade to let it not fall upon his head. With a booming, guttural bellow, he shoved my dagger away and leaped back to make ready for his next attack. Noticing the forsakenness of his left rib cage by any opposition that he may uphold, I administered a deep penetration to his side. Cringing, he reeled back in agony. The tug of a triumphant grin pulled on the corners of my lips, although triumph had not yet submitted itself into my arms. His eyes made more brilliant with the shock of my surprising retaliation honed in on mine, as he grabbed the incision and pulled out a crimson hand. Lifting his knife aloft and cocking his head to send a parade of sickening cracking sounds throughout his neck, he laid siege on me and with a loud clang and resounding shing, he delivered a forceful shove, causing my footing to give way and flatten me on my back. As he came closer, he let escape his mouth a diabolical chuckle. Anticipating his next move, I rolled away from the area where gravity had taken hold on me, just in time for his long silver blade to pierce the turf where I had recently lane. Fumbling to my feat, I struggled to regain a hold around the grip of my weapon. I could almost hear the thunderous uproar of the Capitol as the events leading up to my destruction unfolded before their eyes. Shink! Clang! Shing! Back and forth, we fought each firmly holding out for victory. Then, in one fell swoop, my destruction was sealed. In a fit of rage, he thrust his knife, penetrating my abdomen. Not only was I kept from becoming victor of the games but also, I was kept from ever gazing into the brilliant silver and green eyes of my beloved family again. The sound that now resonated from me was a quite unearthly sound, indeed proclaiming itself like the last wheezes of a dying toad. 'Who was I kidding? There was no way I could ever fight this guy and come out alive!' thought I, dropping to my knees as the golden shafts of sod climbed above my shoulders. As his tall, brooding figure stood over me, I sank evermore into the abyss of despair. There I was. Dying alone in the arena; forced to be a plaything in the Capitol's toy chest. Manifesting in my mind, the thought that my baby brother and sister (the only family I had, minus my dead beet father who ran out on us) were going to be abandoned, alone without anyone to care for them - caused tears to well up within my eyes and begin their pitiful dissent down my face. What could possibly become of them? Would they survive with the little knowledge I had taught them? Would anyone stumble upon their starving bodies and generously spare them a bit of a meal? Would Jade, oh, my poor young Jade, be required to work a man's job at the helpless age of ten? Would they die of starvation, just children? I imagined them stumbling about, forsaken to disease and starvation,