Disclaimer All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Beta'd by Kim Ginsberg & Sjdavis84. This is the sequel to Dark Velvet. This part of the story will be full of angst and drama. There will be moments where you will want to murder Bella and there will be moments where you will want to cry along with her and the same can be said for Edward. I hope you all enjoy the second part of Edward and Bella's story. Cristina. Edward's Pov I made it inside of the street, don't ask me how I made it in, I couldn't tell you. Maybe Ronnie dragged my ass in, or maybe I dragged my own, I don't know and I don't give a fuck. I felt empty, hollow, there was nothing left for me, she had taken it all with her. Alcohol was good now, I welcomed it as it burned my throat, because it made me feel something. As I stumbled into my office, I opened a few drawers until I found what I wanted. I made a line and snorted the white powder, it too felt welcoming. "So, this is what you're going to do; sit here, snort cocaine and drink yourself to death, snap the fuck out of it," Ronnie yelled. "Leave him alone," Victoria said. She was always on my side no matter what I did. "I have nothing left, so drinking myself to death sounds pretty fucking good to me," I said, taking another swing from the bottle. "I told you this would happen. How long did you think you could have lied to her for? You should have left her alone months back," he said, taking the bottle out of my hand and smashing it into the corner. "I couldn't leave her alone, it was never an option," I said. I did want to leave her alone, especially after I found out who she really was, but there was something there pulling me in her direction. When I would look at her, touch her, there was something that would hold me captive, refusing to let go and I didn't want to let go. I think...No, I know I've always loved her, it just took me a fucking long time to realise that was what I was feeling for her was just that, love. Maybe if I would have told her sooner, maybe if I was different she might of stayed, might have heard me out. But, what could I possibly say that could make any of this better. I killed her parents and then I married her. She was right, we...I should have killed her all those years ago, it would have been better. Now that I think about it, she had me captive back then too. I couldn't kill the little girl who looked at me with such trust in her beautiful brown eyes. This may sound wrong, but I now realise that I didn't fall in love with her now, I fell in love with her all the way back then. God, I am such a sick bastard. "Are you two going to tell me what the fuck is going on?" Victoria asked. "No, but you can go and call Aro tell him to track her phone, we have to find her," Ronnie said. "You told her." I pointed an accusing finger at him. "Do you think I'm that fucking stupid," he raised his brow. "How did she find out?" "It had to be Caius." "He was not allowed in, security was made well aware of that," I yelled. I jumped out of my seat and started pacing the floor back and forth threading my fingers through my hair, I got a sudden charge of energy. "It's a large property Ed, if he wanted to get in I'm sure he found a way." I stormed back to my desk and started opening drawers. Pulling out two pieces, one I tucked in the back of my pants and the other I held. I grabbed the keys for the 4x4 and stormed out. Ronnie was hot on my trail. He jumped in the passengers seat. "Slow the fuck down. What are you going to do, just go in there like you are now? You're going to get yourself killed. Take a few fucking deep breaths and calm the fuck down," he said. "There is nothing that is going to stop me, I put this off long enough. I should have done it months ago. No more waiting, that fucker dies tonight," I said through clenched teeth. Caius's death made me feel better, but it wasn't nearly as satisfying as I had imagined it would be. There were more deaths than planned. There was Lucia and the housekeeper, unfortunately for them, they were in the wrong place at the wrong time, and then there was Tony and Carlo, but nobody gives a fuck about them. All the news reports were calling it a massacre. So I may have gone a little bit over board. No guns were fired, but one by one they all had their throats sliced opened, not my usual method, I prefer to keep things clean, but somethings can't be avoided, and by the end of it all, Ronnie and I were standing in a mass pool of blood. After it was all done, I drove the stolen Honda an hour and a half out of the city limits and set it ablaze, along with our clothes and the file I had on Bella. As news of Caius's death broke out, I became the head of the family, everything was now mine. At the funeral, members from other families, as well as Caius's inner circle acknowledged my new title, they toasted to me and kissed my hand. Some would ask about my wife, where was she? How come she did not attend the funeral? My mother saved my ass then, telling everyone that Bella had caught a very nasty virus and was too unwell to even lift her head from the pillow. The gullible wives all believed my mother, and the next day Victoria had called to tell me the house had been swarmed with flowers and chocolates, get well cards and balloons. No doubt that the wives had all been instructed to play nice so that the husbands may get on my good side. I haven't been home in weeks, since kitten left. I can't go in there anymore, everything reminds me of her. Her smell; the floral fragrance that was unique only to her lingered in the air, on the pillows and sheets in the bedroom. It did not matter what room I was in, I could still smell her, feel her everywhere. I could not even climb in my own car after Jasper had picked it up from John's. Ronnie's main priority was to find Bella at all costs, however, that had not been going as well as I had hoped. He informed me that the GPS locator in her phone had been disabled and Aro was unable to establish a location. I wondered when she had found out about that? I messed up. I messed up big time and I didn't know what I could possibly do to make it better again. She means everything to me, and yes, it took me a long time to admit to her that I loved her, but she told me I was too late. I can't be too late, I'm going to find her and somehow make all this right, I have to. I'm sitting at a table at After Dark, somewhere tucked in the back. This is where I've been for the past couple of weeks and when I'm not here, I'm at my apartment in downtown. I had my coke lined up in three neat lines and a bottle of vodka in my hand. This is all I can do, this is the only thing that numbs my pain. When I'm high I don't feel, when I don't feel I can function, I can get things done and I had a shit load to do now that Caius was gone. I had people wanting to see me almost everyday for sit downs. Caius had a lot of shit that we weren't aware of and now I was left with it all. Dad, as much as he never wanted any part of this business, has taken over all that stuff for me, him and Jasper, until I get my head together, if I ever do. Jasper has been smart enough to keep that short thing away from me. The last time I saw her she hit me with a bat, not that I can blame her, Nonna actually cheered her on and took a swing herself. "Well, there's a face I haven't seen in awhile." I knew that voice all too well. "Tanya, sit down." "Coke and booze, either you're celebrating or trying to forget, and seeing as you're here all alone, I'm going with the latter," my ex submissive said. She was always too smart for her own good, and was always getting punished for it too. "What's the matter, married life not all it's cracked up to be?" "What are you doing here Tanya?" I asked, snorting one line. "I'm in Chicago visiting family and thought I'd drop in and say hi," she said with a shrug. "Hi," I said. "How did you know I got married, it wasn't exactly made public." "Please," she scoffed. "The women in this place have been in mourning since your wedding day." She laughed. "I haven't noticed," I said. Everyone has been acting the same as they always do, nothing was out of place. "I'll be honest, I was hoping I could meet the woman that managed to tie you down." "Tough luck, and we are no longer talking about my wife anymore," I said, doing the next line. "What are you doing here all by your lonesome self?" she asked. "I'm not lonely anymore," I say, giving her a smirk. She smiles back, and I can feel her hand travel up my thigh underneath the table. I really don't have to drag Tanya back to my office, because she comes more than willingly. She want's to kiss me, touch me, but she knows I don't allow that, and now I have her bent over my desk. "Please punish me, sir. I've been so very bad," she purrs. It's funny how once her pleas used to turn me on, now they just make me sick. Seeing her bent over like this, like she has been so many times in front of me, naked and ready used to made me mad with want. Tanya is an attractive woman, and any man would be stupid to turn her down, but I wasn't even hard, and this all felt so wrong. Her skin was bronze, not Ivory, her hair was blond, and not the luscious brown I love, her eyes deep blue and as cold as ice, not warm chocolate. "Get up, put your things back on," I said, threading my fingers in my hair and pulling. What the fuck was I doing? "Edward," Tanya said, a little taken back by my request. "Please, just leave me alone, go." There was a loud knock banging on the door. "Ed, you have till three to open the door, or I'm gonna tear it down," Ronnie shouted. Tanya hurried to put her panties back on. "ONE." She pulled her dress over her head and smoothed it out. "TWO." I opened the door just as Ronnie was getting ready to kick it in. "What the fuck were you two doing?" he asked, eyeing the both of suspiciously. "We were talking, is