Disclaimer All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Thank you to sjdavis84 and Kim Ginsberg for editing. This is my new story I hope you enjoy. I won't be updating this as regularly but I will defiantly try. Cristina. xx Motherfucker made me drag my ass all the way out to Vegas. I don't get why some people won't honor the terms of their contract? What exactly is it they don't understand? I lend them money, and they pay it back within the time limit set with interest, or I start breaking legs. Today, Alec Ba Ducci's time is up. I have given this asswipe enough time to get me my money. He's been given extension after extension, and each time instead of getting my money, all I get is excuse after lame ass excuse. Well no more, I am putting a stop to it today. My crew and I pull up to the fuckers Vegas pad. I knock on the door, waiting patiently for him to answer, but he had to know I'm here. There are security cameras covering every surface. I'm not worried he'll try and run; even if he does, I have this whole place surrounded, there is nowhere for him to go. Finally someone answers; his wife. "Maria, it's a pleasure to see you," I say, kissing her on the cheek. "Mr. Mason, what are you doing here?" she asked, obviously not expecting my arrival. "I had some business to take care of in the area, and thought I'd drop in on my old friend. Please, forgive my intrusion," I tell her as she stares at me. I can practically see her mentally undressing me, fucking slut. Oh, what the hell, I'll play along. I give her a smile, the one I know makes all the panties come off. It worked, I bet if I check her underwear now she'd be soaked through. I can't help that I have this effect on women, it's a curse I have to live with every day. "Of course Mr. Mason, you are more than welcome into our home anytime," she says, licking her lips. "Alec is in his office." She opens the door wider and steps aside, allowing us room to enter. My men went in first and then me. Alec's home is huge, and I could tell that the furniture was anything but cheap, the funny thing is he's only had this place for a few months. If he's dirt poor like he claims to be, how the fuck did he afford all of this? "Maria, beautiful Maria," I say, taking her hand and kissing the back of it. "Could you please show us to your husband's office?" She nodded, I think I rendered her speechless and I let out a soft chuckle as Maria leads the way to Alec. I don't let go of her hand and she seems fine with that, she even opens the door to her husband's office. She doesn't seem to care that I am holding onto her hand at all. "Mr. Mason," Alec says, jumping out of his seat. His eyes are wild and panicked when he sees us. "Alec, so good to see you. It's been awhile." I say, still holding onto his wife's hand; and because I can, I bring her hand up to my lips and kiss it again, letting my tongue flick out to lick her skin slightly. I know her eyes will go wild and Maria does not disappoint. "Maria, go." Alec says to his wife, but I hold her hand firmly. "Maria, why don't you take a seat," I tell her. Like the good little obedient whore that she is, she listens to me. "So, Alec, this is quite a nice place you have here. I'm curious. How much was it?" He swallows nervously, and keeps looking from Maria to me. "Umm…one mill, around there," he says with a shaky voice. "Only one, really? Wow, you got a bargain, this place is a gem," I say throwing my hand up in the air. "Yes, it was a real bargain I suppose," he says trying to keep his voice calm. "Isn't that what you owe me?" "Alec?" Maria says. "Get the fuck out!" Alec yells at her. "HEY! That is no way to be talking to such a beautiful lady." I say, running the back of my fingers up and down Maria's face, it does not go unnoticed by either myself or Alec when she leans into my touch. I chuckle, shaking my head because this shit is just too funny, her husband is only feet away, and she does not attempt to hide that she wants me. "So, old friend, let me ask you again. If you can afford to splash out one mill for this place, then you can afford to pay me back." "Mr. Mason, it's not that simple." "Really, Alec?" "I have obligations. My wife, she has expensive taste. It's hard to tell her no. You know what it's like, I'm sure your wife is much the same," Alec stuttered. "I don't have a wife, and if I did, I can guarantee you she would not be a cock desperate whore like your wife." I said looking down at Maria. "Isn't that right honey, I bet if I take my cock out now you would suck me off right here with your husband watching." Maria's eyes widened, but she licked her lips, and I found it hard not to laugh. "You see that Alec, your wife wants to blow me." "Mr. Mason, please. Maria leave now." "Oh no, Maria stays right here." I pushed down on Maria's shoulder, trapping her in her seat. "Now, my money," I said, playing with strand of Maria's hair. "I don't have it. Mr. Mason, please," Alec begged. "Carlisle, search the room," I told one of my men. He nodded and then started to pull things off of walls, open drawers, and doors. Alec tried to interfere, but Aro and Jasper confined him to his seat. I kept on twirling Maria's hair and occasionally smiling down at her, the funny thing was that Alec did not even bat a lash in our direction, he was following Carlisle's every move. Motherfucking idiot, I'm about to fuck his wife and he's more interested in what Carlisle is going to find. "Bingo!" Carlisle sang. He had pulled apart a portion of the carpet to reveal a safe nestled within the ground. "Well, well, well, what do we have here?" I said, twisting my head in Alec's direction. "It's empty, and I don't have a key for it," he said quickly. "Tsk tsk Alec, do you really think I believe you?" "I swear, Mr. Mason, I swear." He was sweating bullets. I turned from Alec to Maria. "How about you, sweetheart?" I said with a raised brow. "I didn't know about that, he never tells me anything," she said, sounding as nervous as her piece of shit husband. I didn't believe a word she said. She was lying, just like her piece of shit husband had been lying to me all these months. "Aro, Jasper, why don't you help Mr. Ba Ducci find this magic key," I say. "Mr. Mason, please! The safe was here when we bought the house, I don't have a key. I don't even know what's in it," Alec stuttered. "Hmm, you can go now," I waved them off dismissively. Aro and Jasper dragged him out of the room. That left only Carlisle and me alone with his little Misses. "Well, well, well, it looks like it's going to be just the three of us for a while," I said, playing with a strand of Maria's hair. "Please, Mr. Mason! Please I'll do anything!" "Anything, Maria?" I asked. She nodded, licking her lips. "What do you think Carlisle? What could she possibly do to get her husband out of the shit he is in?" "I don't know E, but that mouth of hers looks like she's a good little cock sucker," Carlisle said grabbing her chin roughly. "Undo my pants," he instructed. I sat back in Alec's chair and watched the little show. Don't get me wrong, I am in no way a rapist but we're going to kill her anyways, and besides that, she is a whore. Oh lord, the stories that I have heard about Maria Ba Ducci would make a porn star blush. Carlisle whipped his piece out and shoved Maria's thighs apart with it. Maria gasped, although I bet if I put my fingers in between her legs she'll be soaked. "You fucking bite and I'm gonna push right up your pussy and blow all your insides out." The fucked up thing about Carlisle is he could say some fucked up shit like that, but he would do it with this look on his face that made the whores purr at his feet. Maria took Carlisle all the way in, and he was in no way small. I'm bigger, just saying. Carlisle groaned and tugged on her hair, she looked like she was enjoying this too much. I wonder what Alec is going to say when he sees this, his wife with one of my guys cocks shoved so far down her throat I bet he's touching her tonsils. Ahh... speak of the devil. "Come to join the fun Alec? I hope you bought the key," I said with a smirk. "Maria!" he yelled. "Don't you fucking stop, sweetheart." Carlisle, ever the gentleman said. "Fuck Alec, she is such a good fucking cock sucker. Why the fuck do you need those other bitches when the wife's mouth is this good?" "Alec, open the fucking safe," I say. "You fucking bastard!" He lunged at me. Aro grabbed the fucker around the neck and slammed him onto the floor. He took the keys out of his hand and tossed them to me. I bent down and opened the old as fuck safe. "You fucking motherfucker!" I said to Alec. I kneeled down and started pulling out piles and piles of cash, all one hundred dollar bills. To me, it looked like there was fifty grand in each. "Hey, how much is in each stack?" I asked, but got no answer. "Hey, fuck face! You think you could take your fucking eyes off your fucking wife sucking a fucking cock and answer my fucking question?" "Fifty." Alec said. Aro had him on his knees by the throat, forcing him to watch Maria and Carlisle. "There is enough here to pay back your debt three times over, why the fuck have you been dodging me you piece of shit?" I questioned. I stood up, leaving the money spread out all over the floor. I went and stood behind Maria, stroking her hair just as Carlisle came down her throat. The fucker that he was, he pulled out and let some smear over her cheeks, lips and down her chin. I pulled Maria's hair and turned her head around so that she was facing her husband, so he could see what a fucking mess Carlisle had made on her pretty little face. "Motherfucker, that's my wife! I'm gonna fucking kill you! I'm gonna kill you all!" Alec screamed, trying to get out of Aro's tight grip. "You're gonna fucking kill me? Really? That's rich, Alec, real rich. Oh, but look, you do seem to be quite rich and yet you never repaid me." I took out my gun, I put the cold barrel to Maria's temple and stroked the other side of her face with my hand. "Take it all now. I'm sorry, I know I messed up. I'm messed up, I'm not right in the head, I don't know