(the Girl Standing) In the Blush of Dawn Kneazle Note : this HP AU follows a similar, but still divergent, narrative to Akatsuki no Yona (the Girl Standing in the Blush of Dawn), an anime and on-going manga. My obsession began when my husband wanted me to watch it (but I resisted) despite him telling me he got Fushigi Yuugi feels from it (my favourite anime of all time – there are definitely elements of it in this, too). I eventually caved, watched the anime in two days, and then spent another two days catching up with 100+ chapters for the manga. I'm obsessed. It's fantastic. And I wanted to write an HP version of it for some time. Things are obviously different – ages, colours/house association, and relationships. However, I wanted to keep things as best as I could do the feel of the anime and explore the characters the way that Mizuho Kusanagi does. Enjoy. Note 2: I am a terrible, terrible person. I realize I haven't updated many of my stories and that is because my PhD is kicking my ass. I'm in my 3rd year, which is comprehensive/qualifying exams. I just had Reading Week, and I spent it all writing this, and working on a GoT/HP and Stargate: Atlantis/HP crossover story instead of my comps readings. It was very, very bad. Bad, Kneazle. Also in the process of house searching, and living in one of the largest cities in Canada the housing market here is pretty damn bad (every other day there are news coverage about how Millennials are being priced out). So, work + PhD + penny-pinching. You'd think that'd mean more time to write... but... ! I: Bonds; Family & Torn "Ten years ago, my father passed on and appointed me as his successor as King of our kingdom, Avalon. Since then, I have led our people with pride and confidence here at Hogwarts Castle despite being besieged on all borders by our neighbours – but we have prospered, we have persevered!" The tall, thin man with curly blonde hair in regal dress spread his arms wide, the sunlight glinting off his shiny armour. He stood at the steps of a large, imposing castle in front of a large audience that filled the rectangular courtyard. Split in two sections, the multi-coloured fabrics were as bright as jewels and reflected the splendor of the castle's banners fluttering in a gentle breeze. The castle itself was imposing and made entirely of large, grey stone. In some places, climbing ivy wound all the way up to the tallest turret and yet, in other places, the grey stones were roughened and covered with dirt and grime. Several spires and towers jutted from the square castle at different levels, with walkways criss-crossing sections and bringing far parts of the castle together. Soldiers stood sentry on these walkways, immobile and rigid in their shiny armour, swords strapped to their waists. They wore the colours of the kingdom: grey and purple, the colours of Avalon and magic. Behind the king stood two men, half-draped in the shadows as one was an aid and the other a guard. The younger man was shorter, a teenager with mousy brown hair and a mousy face. He wore a grey tunic piped with purple, and black leather trousers underneath and comfortable shoes. He had several scrolls tucked under one arm, leaving both hands free to clap along with the crowd below the raised steps he, the guard, and the King stood upon. The other man was taller, older – no more than thirty or so –, with wind-swept wavy black hair that fell to his shoulders. He was dressed all in black; black tunic and leather trousers, and tall boots covering up to his knees. He wore leather bracers on both arms, but his right bracer included a sheath for his wand. Instead of a sword as weapon, he had a double-edged and two-tipped glaive taller than himself propped almost carelessly against his shoulder, indicating his comfort with it. His armour was polished black with four long, decorative scratches, like that of a creature's claw marks, in silver across the chest. "Where is she?" asked the younger, mousy-looking teen, his eyes darting back and forth behind the King and in the shadows recessed by the tall columns framing the large wooden doors that led into the foyer and Great Hall of Hogwarts castle. "Huh?" the older man asked, turning his attention away from the king he was guarding to his companion. The teen sighed. "The Princess. Where is she? She's missing her father's speech and she wanted to be here." "Oh!" the older man blinked, suddenly, as if only realizing she wasn't there. "She's hiding somewhere; probably the library. You know why – he is coming to Hogwarts." "But she wanted to be here…" the teen frowned forlornly, watching as the king finished his speech. "—please grant me your continued support as regent of Avalon and may the Gods – and that of our ancestor, Arthur Pendragon – continue to bless Avalon with fertile lands, health and happiness, and lasting peace!" Elsewhere, a young woman sat on an oversized, squishy armchair in an isolated corner of a darkened library, a thick text on her lap with her feet curled up under her. Floating above and gently bobbing was a small sphere of blue light – a speciality of hers and one of the few things she could conjure with relative ease. Despite being a witch, like all others in Avalon, Princess Hermione was not magically strong – at least, to some extent. Descended from Arthur Pendragon himself (or so the legend went), Hermione and her family were born for ruling – not magical combat. Her Uncle Bran, however, had been a fearsome warrior on the battlefield, wielding his sword and magic at the same time to deadly effect. Instead of being magically adept, Hermione was book smart, and it showed: her favourite haunt was the library where she spent much of her time reading up on Avalon's laws and history, or escaping in fantastic tales of far off places, or engaging in debate with Madam Pince, the head librarian. Often, it was because she was eager to share her new knowledge with her cousin, Cormac, one of the few friends she had and one of the few she knew who encouraged her love of reading. Being a Princess wasn't easy; her father, King Perseus, sheltered Hermione from life outside of Hogwarts and thus, spent much of her time Cormac when he visited and later, Sirius, when he was brought to the castle as her personal guard. The rest of her time was spent with books, especially after her mother's death when she was young. So, there she sat, in her tiny corner, framed by tall walnut bookshelves filled with books and scrolls. Silence was her companion, until – "Princess!" Hermione startled, the book sliding off her lap and onto the floor in a mess, the pages wrinkling and folding. She made a sound of distress, sliding to the floor herself, uncaring of her skirts gathering dust. "Princess, where are you?" called the familiar male voice. With a sigh, Hermione picked up the book and opened it to the page she was on, smoothing the wrinkled and folded page down. " There you are!" around the corner appeared a mousy brown hair young man, smiling when he spotted her on the floor. "Princess Hermione, you're going to get dirt all over your dress and everyone will know what you've been up to." "Colin, please," sighed Hermione, eyes wide. "You wouldn't tell on me, would you?" "Not at all," he laughed, stretching a hand forward and offering it to her. "You missed your father's speech, by the way." "What? Oh, no!" the Princess took the offered hand and allowed the teen to pull her to her feet, still clutching the book. "I wanted to be there to support him…" "I'm sure the King understood," replied Colin kindly. "I think we all knew where you would be instead. Especially given that a certain someone will be here shortly for your seventeenth birthday in a few days." Hermione sighed, hugging the book to her chest. "Am I that obvious?" "Just a bit," smiled Colin. They began walking through the walls of bookshelves and meandered their way through the library from the dark corner Colin found Hermione in. "C'mon, we need to get you back to your rooms before anyone sees you. You are going to look gorgeous in that new purple dress the King ordered for you." "Gorgeous? Brainy here? Ha! Too late for that!" Stiffening, Hermione scowled and turned sharply on her heel, a hand flying to her hip while the other clutched the book so tight the skin at her knuckles turned white. She leaned forward, tilting her chin up and got close to the annoyingly smug face that previously stood behind her, a half-smirk on his lips. "Sirius Black!" she snapped. "You're a beast!" The man grinned. "That's right – I'm a beast: the Thunder Beast of Avalon, and don't forget it!" Behind her, Colin groaned. That arrogant wretch, thought Hermione, her right hand tightly balled at her side. When she was seven, Sirius was appointed as her personal guard and promoted to General of Black Family, one of the Sacred Twenty-Eight that sat on the Council of Avalon which her father led as King. It was a huge honour, given he was only twenty-two at the time and was the youngest recipient of the title of 'General' in centuries. Although he often visited Hogwarts Castle with his adopted grandfather Albus Dumbledore (and her father's close advisor) when Hermione was growing up, Sirius was someone Hermione had known her whole life and one of her closest friends. Sirius was also a giant pain in the ass. He would constantly tease, flirt, and make fun of her love of books, reading, rules and authority, but Hermione would be the first to admit he was loyal to her and her family, a true friend through and through and always went out of his way to cheer her up if he knew she was down. It didn't help that there was a good fifteen-year age difference between the two, as Sirius was always quick to point out her lack of maturity, and her lack of femininity as someone who enjoyed books more than make up. Hermione's hands itched to find something to throw at her guard, and blue sparks began to race around her right fist; the other continued to clutch the book she picked up. Sirius noticed, his blue eyes widening in anticipation. "Why, Hermione love, are you angry? Don't make such a face, it'll be sure to stick that way!" A wordless cry escaped the young woman and she thrust her hand out, palm up, the sparks racing from the center of her palm towards Sirius. With a grin, he brought one of his own hands up and swatted away at the fizzled blue light. "Best you've got, Princess?" a lazy grin stretched across his face. He knew just how weak her magic truly was, given his own magical strength and abilities. " Why, you -!" "Hermione? Dear? What are you doing?" Immediately, Hermione brought her hands down and reigned in her temper, turning to face her father with a fake smile plastered on her face. "Father," she said, bringing her hands together by placing the book in front of her. "I'm so sorry I missed your speech." "It's fine, dear," King Perseus smiled back at her, and Hermione returned the smile, cataloguing the familiar features they shared: the same grin, the same apple defined cheeks, and unruly hair. However, where her father's hair was blond, Hermione's was a dull, chocolate brown, taking after mother, although she passed away when she was barely five and unable to remember her. What set Hermione apart from her father and