Chapter 1 Renesmee sat towards the front of the large wagon. There was another woman sitting to her right holding the reigns. The smell of the horses had been bothering her since they left the station in Montana, but she never said anything. All the other women did enough complaining about the smell on their own without Renesmee helping. She had managed for most of the trip to distract herself with reading be it Persuasion , Wuthering Heights , or any other book she had stuffed in her bag that her parents had been willing to let her have. They only were reluctant to part with any of their literature because they'd been adamant Renesmee not travel west. "Why bother?" Edward had asked her. "Your family's here in Chicago. Why go out to the middle of nowhere?" Bella had asked. Her aunts, uncles, and grandparents had made their own objections as well, but Renesmee had already made up her mind. She'd spent most of her life with her family. They'd moved around from Chicago to New York to Milwaukee and throughout the northern United States, never staying anywhere longer than four or five years. It mostly had to do with her, she knew. Prior to her mother and father falling in love, the Cullens would stay in any given place at least a period of ten years because they could get away with pretending to be in their thirties. Once people believed Carlisle was forty, that's when they left. But once Renesmee was born, they firstly had to leave so Bella's family wouldn't question their daughter's "death". She couldn't very well stay in the city where her family was when they believed her dead. After that, though, they always left as soon as people began asking why Renesmee wasn't married. For the past forty years it had been the same thing: "She's so lovely, Bella. You simply must let me introduce her to my son," or "She's still not married? How old is she?" As far as anyone ever knew, Renesmee was just shy of eighteen. She'd been turning eighteen for the past thirty five years. She'd decided she was sick of it and wanted to be on her own. Edward of course knew she'd been planning to leave. He'd been trying to convince her otherwise since the thought popped into her head. But alas, she applied to be sent west as a mail order bride and hoped that whoever she was to marry would allow her to work as a nurse at whatever medical facility was available in Olympia. Granted, Renesmee wouldn't be able to stay in one place for her whole life, but she'd get at least 15 years or so out of this location before faking her own death and moving on: the reverse of a Black Widow perhaps. Instead of killing her husbands, she'd leave them as dead. It couldn't be much worse than moving around whenever anyone asked about Renesmee's lack of a husband at her age. Her family had promised they'd come to visit her in three months time when she'd be certain to have arrived in Washington and settled in a home of her own. She could introduce them to her husband! She'd know him by then. Renesmee looked to her right at her companion who seemed on the verge of sleep after so many hours on the road. They were still several hours away from Olympia and they'd not stopped in a town for rest since Seattle four days ago. Renesmee looked in the back of the wagon where Caevia slept and couldn't help but smile. The woman was undoubtedly far older than her despite looking close to Renesmee's age, yet she was more a friend than anyone she'd known in her whole life. One of Carlisle's old patients, who'd been unable to pay for his services, offered him Caevia as a way to appease the debt. Carlisle, of course, had intended to refuse until Renesmee had seen Caevia. She'd been so fascinating to her. She'd never seen a Native American before, especially not one so tan and from so far south as the arid deserts near Mexico. Once Renesmee had expressed so much interest, Carlisle agreed to take Caevia. Her previous owner had mocked her, saying she claimed to be of a people called the Tistihlal that could turn into birds and had been cursed with lasting youth and eternal life. Carlisle laughed with the man, but the Cullens believed Caevia. The fact that she'd stayed exactly the same for almost forty years just testified to her story. Not wanting to bother Caevia, Renesmee looked at the woman to her right again. "Do you have a picture of your future husband?" Renesmee asked the woman. She snapped out of her daze and smiled. "I'm afraid not. Did you get one?" "No," Renesmee said, shaking her head gently. "They told me his name is Peter Wallis, he has brown hair and he has a farm outside Olympia." "I was told my husband to be is a preacher: Reverend Lesley." "You'll be in the city then," Renesmee said. "I would love for that. Hopefully the farm isn't too far out of the city. I still wanted to be a nurse if I can help it." "You're a nurse? There're never too many of those," the woman smiled. "I'm sure he'll be happy to let you work. It would be a disservice to the town if he didn't." Renesmee smiled but didn't answer. She suddenly smelled something strange: something sweet. She knew that kind of smell. She reached for the gun in the back. It wouldn't do much more than stall the vampire and spook the horses so they would run, but that's all they really needed. The woman asked why Renesmee was reaching for the gun, but she ignored the woman and focused on the scent. But then, she realized there was a strong woodsy scent following the clawing sweet smell. Then she heard what sounded like a pack of wolves. She was so confused. Why would a vampire be running from wolves of all things? Wolves are hardly a trouble even in great numbers. Shortly after realizing the smells approaching, she caught the briefest of images of a man running past their caravan. None of the women so much as noticed, but Renesmee had. What the women did notice, however, were the three massive wolves that narrowly avoided running right into their wagons. Screams echoed and mixed with the loud roars of the wolves. Some of the wolves ran right back into the woods while one reddish brown wolf stayed a moment, seeming to roar in the direction of the vampire in pure frustration. Then the wolf looked right at Renesmee prepared to roar at her too, but what instead escaped was the slightest whimper. She was still holding the gun and had even aimed it at the large beast, yet the eyes that stared at her weren't that of an animal. They were a man's eyes, black and piercing. She felt drawn to them and she couldn't explain why. After staring at her a moment, the women continued to scream again. One shot towards the reddish brown wolf that had been staring at Renesmee. The bullet missed and the reddish brown wolf ran back into the woods with the others that had followed him. "What happened?" Caevia asked, forcing herself towards the front to look outside. "Wolves startled the horses," Renesmee answered. Then she looked at the other woman and attempted to calm her down. When she'd managed to calm her down, she walked around the caravan to look after all the other women in the group. When no one seemed more than frazzled, Renesmee managed to get the caravan moving again and the rest of the trip went by without further incident. When they finally at long last arrived at Olympia, they were greeted by the Reverend Lesley and a few other men of town, most of whom anxiously awaited to meet their future wives. Renesmee watched, Caevia at her side, as several of the women were introduced to their fiancés, but no one came forward asking for her. Eventually, a very tall brunette man walked forward and pulled his hat off respectfully. Renesmee curtsied for the man as he approached and it was after that when the man finally spoke. "Would you happen to be Renesmee Cullen?" the man asked. "Yes, that's me. Are you Peter?" "No, I'm here on his behalf. I'm John Rogers. I own the general store here in town. Don't be upset. It's my fault your fiancé isn't here. He has a nice collection of apple trees on his property and I told him I wanted them harvested and ready to sell." "I understand," Renesmee answered. "When will I get to meet him?" "I'm taking you to see him now. I'll bring you back after an hour so you can stay with the other ladies at the lodge. As to when your wedding will be is entirely up to you and Peter. As far as I know, several of the men here want to get married as soon as their fiancés are off the wagon. Reverend Lesley is looking at a busy night," the man chuckled. "I suppose his own wedding will have to wait a while. I can't speak for Peter, but I can tell you he's anxious to meet you." "I'm anxious to meet him to." Renesmee smiled at the man genuinely and he responded in kind with the same smile. "So who's this?" the man asked, finally looking at Caevia. "She's my servant. You don't think Peter will mind her do you?" "I doubt it. More hands to help out around the house never hurt any farmer or farmer's wife. Come on. I'll take you to the farm now." Admittedly, Renesmee had been hoping for some time to relax, but she only smiled and followed John to his cart. Caevia hitched a ride in the back where some hay rested while Renesmee sat up front with John as he made small talk with her. He told Renesmee about the pigs Peter raised and how he let them eat the apples that fell from his apple tree so their meat would be really sweet once they were put on the market in town. Renesmee confided that she had been a nurse back in Chicago which John was quite impressed with. The actual ride to the farm took them about thirty five minutes. If Peter had a horse she could ride into town, it shouldn't take her too long. Theoretically she could just run on her own and be there even faster, but that wasn't really open to her. When Renesmee, John and Caevia arrived at the farm, Renesmee was pleased with what she saw. There was a humble house atop a hill and it was surrounded by scattered apple trees. The outside of the property was gated, undoubtedly due entirely to the pigs that roamed the area freely. The dark green of the trees surrounded the back of the house. She saw out of the corner of her eye some pigs nibbling on acorns they found scattered about. Some parts of the farm had large dirt puddles where a lot of the pigs were currently congregated due to the heat and humidity. She and the pigs shared the sentiment that it was far too hot and she couldn't wait to strip out of these heavy clothes later that night at the lodge. John stopped the cart right at the gate, got off, opened the gate, and got back on the cart so he could drive it through. He closed the gate back up and finally they rode the rest of the way up the hill to the house. When they reached the house, another man was approaching. He had to be Peter. He indeed had brown hair and was tanned from years of