Chapter 1 – Severing Ties . . . "But you've always wanted to be an Auror," Ginny replied with a note of genuine surprise in her voice. The newest member of the Holyhead Harpies, a second string chaser, set aside the morning edition of the Daily Prophet that she had been reading and looked over towards her fiancé. "No I haven't," Harry answered with from where he leaned against the kitchen counter of the Burrow, his arms crossed over his chest. "Everyone just assumed that was what I wanted to do," he corrected her. "As if I haven't had my fill of Dark Wizards already," Harry added under his breath. "I thought we'd decided that you would work in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement for a while and then once established you would run for Minister," Ginny stated. They had previously had long talks concerning Harry's future. Ginny spoke, and Harry had listened. It made perfect sense to her that Harry would become Minister for Magic one day. The Wizarding world of Britain would be thrilled to have him, she just knew it. Even now, despite Harry being under the age limit to sit the office, there were those trying to get him to run for the position. Ginny felt that Harry deserved it after all he had been through during the war. "You decided, Ginny, not we . Kingsley Shacklebolt is doing a brilliant job as Minister," Harry stated. "I'm not about to try and remove him. Not now or ever." It was true. While Kingsley had been placed in the office as an interim Minister, following the removal of Pius Thicknesse who had been under the Imperius curse, Kingsley had performed so well in that capacity that he had been elected to the position for a full term. "Well…," the young witch slowly said as she thought out all the alternatives. "I guess it isn't critical that you be a part of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement to run for office," she said, thinking aloud and unconsciously dismissing the wizard's comments. "I'm sure you could still get elected if you ran, probably just on your name alone. You are the Chosen One after all. Perhaps if you were to take up the Black family seat on the Wizengamot for a few years before running for office?" she mused thoughtfully. "Yes, I think that would work just as well. Maybe even better as it will give you some experience in politics!" "You're not listening to me again, Ginny," Harry said evenly, trying to keep his mounting frustration out of his voice. Ginny Weasley had her plans on how their future should be, plans that often didn't matter if Harry agreed with them or not. Much like the girl's mother, Molly Weasley, Ginny was certain that she knew best and he should just do what she said. "I don't want to be Minister," he told her. "I'm not ready for it!" "Of course not right now, Harry! Don't be silly," Ginny nonchalantly replied as she picked the paper up, prepared to continue reading the article concerning her joining the Harpies. "You have to finish your seventh year at Hogwarts still. We can't have a Minister for Magic that dropped out of school now can we?" The fact that she had left to play Quidditch for the Harpies didn't seem to matter to her. No one would question her choice; it was Quidditch after all! Molly Weasley had at first been against the decision, deeming it not proper for a lady to quit school before graduating. The row the two of them had was truly epic. Finally Ginny had reminded her mother that the twins had dropped out of school early. Mentioning the twins reminded Molly that Fred was no longer with them. Unlike anything else ever could, a reminder of her loss took the wind out of the woman's sails. Harry recalled that he could almost see Molly deflate before their very eyes. In the end, Ginny got her way. Ginny always got her way. Harry sighed in frustration before crossing to the table and taking a seat across from the witch. Reaching out, he pulled the Prophet from her hands and set it aside. "Gin, you're not listening to me," Harry said in the calmest of tones, hoping to get through to her finally. Several times he had already informed her that he did not want to return to Hogwarts. The memories were just too painful for him. Far too many friends had been lost there during the final battle as well as the years leading up to it. "That's because you're not making any sense, Harry," the young woman replied with a slightly amused grin. Ginny, upon seeing Harry hang his head, reached across the table and patted his hand reassuringly. "It's alright. September first is just a few days away. Focus on completing your learning and leave all the rest to me," she told him. "I'll figure out what is needed for you to claim your seat on the Wizengamot and have everything ready for you by the school break for the holidays." Confident that the matter was now settled, Ginny picked up the paper once again and returned to reading the article once more. It was with a heavy heart that Harry realized that no matter what he said; Ginny would never actually hear him. It had been a problem which, in retrospect, seemed to show itself more frequently as time passed. At first, he hadn't noticed it, riding the emotional high of winning the war, still being alive and getting back with the girl he loved. There were little clues he should have seen like being told what to wear, where to go eat when they went out and who to talk to as well as what to say. These things at first didn't seem to matter all that much to Harry as he didn't usually know what to wear, where to go or what to say. Slowly though he had begun realize that he had lost all control of himself as an individual. The first serious indication that there was an issue was when Harry had departed with Hermione to retrieve her parents from Australia so that they could restore their memories. Ron had begged off going as he was uncomfortable with being in the Muggle world. On the contrary, Ginny had been adamant about going, even though she had no experience with ' going Muggle ' as Ron had termed it. The young witch's temper had exploded when Harry had flatly refused to take her. Two weeks later when they had returned, missing Hermione's parents who had elected to stay in Australia, Ginny's temper hadn't cooled at all. If anything it had grown worse. The fact that Harry spent several days consoling Hermione didn't help his cause in the least. The youngest Weasley had questioned Harry relentlessly about every little detail of the trip. She seemed to particularly dislike the fact that the two of them had shared a hotel room during their stay in Australia. It had taken Harry finally proposing to her and placing a stunning ring upon Ginny's finger to break her out of her jealous mood. Since then everything had been Ginny's way, regardless of what Harry wanted or said. Harry knew that he couldn't blame Ginny for everything. He was as much at fault as she was. At first, he hadn't said anything and had instead only gone along with whatever the witch had wanted. Better to let her have her way than have her mad at him yet again. A month into their engagement and he was having doubts concerning his original thoughts. Harry attempted on several occasions to interject his opinions and wishes, but by then it was too late. Ginny had taken control of the young wizard and their relationship and wasn't about to give that power up. Two weeks earlier, after a fitting for dress robes for their wedding, Harry had tried to state that he didn't like the puce coloring only to be told that he was wrong and that of course, he liked it. It was then that he realized that he might have proposed, to the then irate witch, only so that she would not be mad at him anymore. The last couple of weeks had only affirmed that thought. He bit his tongue and tried to make it work. Everyone said they were perfect for each other and how could everyone be wrong? "This isn't working," Harry stated in a weary tone of voice after a few long moments. "I can't do this anymore, Ginny. Merlin knows I've tried these last few weeks," he said in an almost desperate confession. It pained him to admit it, both to Ginny as well as to himself. The young witch's brows creased as she lowered the paper to the table. "What do you mean, Harry?" Ginny inquired with a hint of confusion in her tone as she stared at the wizard across the table from her. "What's not working?" the clueless girl asked. "This. Us," Harry replied looking up at Ginny while using a hand to motion between the two of them. "You can't tell me that you're truly happy with the way things are between us and that this is what you've always wanted?" he asked looking at her incredulously. "You have always been what I've wanted, Harry!" Ginny exclaimed. "Ever since I was a little girl I've dreamed of our life together, Harry! I know things have been rough for you since the war. Those dreams are still bothering you. It isn't really how I've imagined our lives together but I can overlook all that, I guess. Still, you really need to learn to let the past go, Harry," she told him a bit condescendingly. "Even with your trip to Australia with another girl while leaving me behind, you are still all I've ever wanted!" "This has nothing to do with the dreams, Ginny," Harry growled out. Dreams would have been a kind term for the nightmares he experienced every night. He had been forced to place heavy silencing spells around his room each time he went to bed after having woken the entire house several nights in a row. The dreams were just a side effect of the war, or so the Healers at St. Mungo's had told him. They had stated that they would lessen in frequency and severity with time, only they hadn't. If anything they were getting worse. Harry had spoken with Ginny about the dreams at one point, and it was she that had convinced him to seek medical help from a Healer. The young witch had agreed with the Healer's prognosis and that it would pass in time. She had urged him to let the past go and focus more on their future. Try as he might the dreams wouldn't leave him. Ginny once, having lost her temper, had accused him of not wanting to let go of the past. ' You enjoy being the martyr, which is why you can't get past these stupid dreams!' she had declared in a fit of hurtful anger. "Look, I'm not the same boy you fell in love with back at Hogwarts," Harry tried to explain to her. "I'm definitely not The-Boy-Who-Lived that you grew up crushing on either. I've changed. The war did things…, it changed me I think and not for the better." Harry knew that in many ways he was broken inside which made him different from ordinary people. It was something he realized Ginny would never understand or accept. "You deserve better, Gin," Harry stated before swallowing heavily. The young wizard knew his next words would hurt her terribly. "This is no longer what I want," he told her, indicating the two of them being together. Ginny's eyes filled with tears as she couldn't believe the words she had just heard. All