Disclaimer:Legolas and Aragorn are not mine and I receive no profit from the creation of my fics other than personal pleasure at the fun it gives me to write and the reviews you give to me. A/N 1: For la Caleigh LOTS OF WARNINGS: Slash, het, twincest, adopted incest, sex, smut, lots of smut, Aragorn-whore-ness, threesome, BDSM… The usual. Oh, no mPreg. Which is odd for me. Don't like? Get lost and don't read. Eternal Aragorn loved Legolas and Legolas loved him, but in the past… it was not so simple. They shared feelings for each other, feelings which Aragorn could not identify, being so young, and he had wanted to experiment. He had wanted the lessons others could teach him, and he was young, he felt limitless. He had needed the releases coupling brought and the pleasure it brought to distract him from the trials that life had presented him with, along with the inevitability of more. Lindir was his first teacher and his first 'love'. He could remember his first kiss – with Lindir - and oh that kiss was never like Legolas', but it was the best he had received apart from his. It was nothing like how he'd imagined, the warm lips pressed against his, the tongue which, after a long moment, swirled along the row of his top teeth, ran across the roof of his mouth and caressing his own, producing light sparks of pleasure in his veins. And it was not just there, the sensation was combined with the warmth of the elf pressed against his chest, the hands on his hips… It was all so overwhelming that first time. Of all his many lovers, Lindir was oh so tender. He wanted it long and slow and gentle. And when they were making love, Aragorn had to work a long while before he would be granted the pleasure of being entered. That first time, Lindir had talked him through what he should do, and soon Aragorn found himself finding what the elf liked and obliged gladly. "That is it, that is right," Lindir gasped, as Aragorn swirled his tongue around the nub of the pale elf's nipple. It was interesting, the way that certain areas of a man's body could produce such fascinating effects. When he kissed him there, just on the crook of his neck, or stroked his hands there at the curve of his waist, or his hands moved down to the ultra-sensitive nerves at the inside of his thighs, Lindir would arch upwards into the touch, or a soft whimper would escape his lips. Soon sweat had broken out across both men's skin, at the torture of each touch, the hardness of both men's erections. Each moan that escaped Lindir's lips made Aragorn harder and more desperate for a completion that he did not even understand, and he wantonly rubbed himself up against Lindir's body. "Please, please, please," he begged, after so long, and he was so hard and so desperate, gazing into those stormy grey eyes. It seemed an eternity before Lindir broke, and he replied in a hoarse voice, "Turn around." Every time, Lindir prepared him thoroughly, stretching him, but still Lindir's member entering him made him yelp aloud. But Lindir was gentle, thrusting into him with long oh-so-deep strokes, pausing whenever a strangled growl of pain tore from Aragorn's throat, waiting for the human to open his squeezed shut eyes before slowly starting again. And then… oh oh ah ai Elbereth. Lindir hit something that made sparks flood through him that he had never felt before. Thinking that his gasps were of pain, Lindir paused, raising one hand from Aragorn's waist to his hair. "Are you alright, Estel?" he whispered, his hand stroking Aragorn's hair. Aragorn's choked plea of "Please," made Lindir tentatively start to withdraw. "No!" exclaimed Aragorn, breath coming in harsh pants, as he bucked back against Lindir's toned body. A laugh came from behind, a deep rumble that vibrated through their bodies, as Lindir pushed back into him in long strokes that made Aragorn groan aloud, moans escaping his throat at each stroke of his prostate. Before long, Aragorn's body was wracked with sensation, and he was shooting out into Lindir's hand. The convulsions of his body made Lindir come too, spilling out into Aragorn, and flopping down against his back. He did not speak, just withdrawing and pulling Aragorn down to the bed, exhausted and spent. No words were traded, Lindir just closed his eyes. 000 "He… he just slept, that is all. So I left, and I came here," Aragorn mumbled into Legolas' shoulder, as the elf rubbed his back. "Calm down mellon nin," he murmured, blinking his eyes to clear them from sleep. Aragorn had an open invitation to his room, but he had not been expecting it so early on in the morning. "Most males do fall asleep after making love, I have noticed. Women prefer to stay away and cuddle up, but men… He did nothing unusual Aragorn." Aragorn paused for a long moment, and Legolas could feel him absolutely rigid with tension, before chokingly saying, "He did not even say that he loved me." Gently, Legolas sighed. Why did he have to be the one to do this? But he swallowed, and replied, "Aragorn, my friend, he has said that before to you, and often the first time will not be what you expect it to be, I warned you of this. And…" He hesitated, not wanting to hurt Aragorn anymore than he had been by Lindir, but it was his job as best friend to be the voice of reason, and Aragorn was so young, he had to understand, he had to learn. "You know that Lindir may not be your true love, not the person you will want to grow old with." "Do not say that," Aragorn muttered, and pulled out of the hold. His face was wet with tears Legolas had not seen him shed. "I… I ought to go back. Before he wakes." He left the room. They had to wait until they were ready and Aragorn could process all of those emotions, and was ready for a relationship with love. When he knew what he wanted, then they got together, but it… it took a lot. They tumbled into the room, Aragorn in front, being steered by Glorfindel, his hot hardness pressing against his back. Hands fumbled at each other's clothes in the dark, as Glorfindel kicked the door closed. "Mine now, little human," the elf growled, as he ripped Aragorn's shirt from him and threw the shredded material to the floor. There was a thick bulge at Aragorn's leggings to revel how he was not in any way little, and he fought away an automatic blush as Glorfindel's eyes were drawn to it. As Glorfindel's hands hooked down into the top of Aragorn's leggings, the human tore Glorfindel's tunic away and tossed it into the same pile. Soon they were both naked, and their lips were locked in fierce kisses, Glorfindel pressing Aragorn backwards with strength, that made his breathless. It was dark, in the room and they tripped and stumbled until Aragorn was backed into a desk. With a shaky laugh, Aragorn pushed the papers off the surface, and was forced onto his back. The cold wood made strong contrast with the burning fever in his veins and on his skin, as Glorfindel knocked his legs apart. Glorfindel leant down towards him, long curls of hair spilling over his shoulders, and Aragorn could see how the golden eyes were darkened with absolute lust. "I am going to ride you until you cry out my name to the stars," he growled. "Legs up." Aragorn obeyed, lifting his legs to Glorfindel's shoulders, but he had spirit, he was not about to give in. "Never," he replied challengingly. Glorfindel's face froze and his face turned into a fierce grimace. "You will regret that," his voice was once more a snarl that raised the hairs along his arms and back. Suddenly, without the normal preparation to stretch him, Glorfindel thrust into him, all the way to the hilt. Aragorn could not stop the high pitched keen escaping, and his spine arching upwards. Stars burst in front of his eyes at the pain, but at the same moment, the elf hit his prostate and the white stars of pleasure joined them. Oh that intense pleasure, so deep inside him, where few who saw him would ever go. A harsh, panting "Ha, ha, ha," tore from Aragorn's throat as he battled with the sensation and for a moment Glorfindel paused, and Aragorn thought it was to provide him with a moment's relief, but then he bent down to seal his lips over the human's, and drove into him, hard and fast. Aragorn cried out again, caught in a maelstrom of agony and utter bliss, writhing under Glorfindel's harsh onslaught. It was all over too soon though, Aragorn jerking with the intensity of the orgasm that hit, sending him high into the air, physically and onto a plane above the earth. But he would not cry out Glorfindel's name, there was no chance of that. As his arched back sagged backwards, his teeth were tightly gritted together, allowing no such cry to leave his lips. Glorfindel pumped into him one last time, and then came a second after, shooting his seed deep into Aragorn, and a scream of both pleasure and triumph echoed through the room. Aragorn's eyebrows raised despite his exhaustion; he'd never thought of Glorfindel as a screamer. Then Glorfindel drew out of him and staggered over to the bed, waving one hand to beckon the young human towards him. Aragorn obeyed and rested his head on Glorfindel's stomach, one arm looping round. Tender now, Glorfindel wrapped an arm around the young human, and closed his eyes. The two of them were breathing heavily in synchrony, exhausted by their violent love making. Except it wasn't love making, because it was not love. Aragorn's relationship with Glorfindel was fire and passion. But now the fire was fading, and the sweat that coated his body was drying. He shivered, and closed his eyes to sleep. 000 Legolas sighed as Aragorn entered the room. He was limping. Again. Glorfindel's cold golden eyes followed the human predatorily across the room, like a panther, surveying his prey. But it was Legolas that Aragorn sat down next to, with a wince as he bent. "Morning," Legolas said, forcing himself to look up from his breakfast and to meet Aragorn's eyes. They were dark with fatigue. "Did you have a good evening?" Merely shrugging in response, Aragorn helped himself to a piece of bread from Legolas' place, to a mock glare from the elf. Legolas tried again, "Did you sleep well?" "Like a log," Aragorn replied with a grin. It was somewhat feral, and Legolas sighed again. Glorfindel was not doing him any good, and he hated it. Legolas had always been there, always. He was eternally there, through each relationship, and was there when they started, and there when they ended. He'd been a source of good advice all the way through, completely unbiased through he harboured feelings for Aragorn that he could not confess to until Aragorn slowed down. Legolas had had his lovers in his youth, then was Aragorn's turn. Oh a woman's body. This was different. Sensuous lips descended on his, eyes framed by heavy lashes. Aragorn's hands were on Tamair's hips, and as they ranged up towards her narrow waist, goosebumps broke out on the pale flesh. Each limb was strong, supple yet elegant, and she was an elf, but it was different… being with a woman. Long, silky hair flowed over her shoulders as she drew back, taking her sweet mouth from his, and moving it to his ear. "Close your eyes," she instructed, her voice a husky whisper. They were both already devoid of clothes, having only