The Ugly Darkness Gapes Disclaimer: Not mine A/N: Being of bored state of mind, this fic came to me. That my thoughts can drift to this in moments of silence disturbs me also. Warnings: Dark!fic, kidnap, torture, non-con, slash I will never forget that night – it will never cease to be my biggest regret, however selfish that may be. It was raining, great sheets of water falling from the sky, in land unknown to me. I was just passing through, intent on delivering a message to a lesser King of the South. The message was never to get there. Desperate for shelter, my relief was palpable that I had discovered a cave. My poor shivering nag and I entered, unaware and uninformed of the tales of these parts, merely grateful to be out of the lashing rain, I was able to relieve her of my bags and change into dry clothes. I struggled to light a fire, but it was done, and in the delicious heat emanating from the flames, my eyes grew heavy. Thinking myself safe, in all the foolish overconfidence of youth, I relaxed my guard and allowed sleep to take me, intending to wake at grey dawn, the world crisp and bright, smelling new after the downpour. I thought I would ride out to birdsong and sunshine, and it would be a beautiful day to be alive and a Ranger, free as the winged creatures which would serenade me. With those hopes in my mind, I fell into dreamless sleep. So tired was I after long days' travel, I did not hear the tramp of orc's footsteps from the depths of the cave. To this day, I do not even recall the swipe made to the back of head, which put an end to any struggles I might have attempted. 000 How much time passed before I woke, I do not know. That my head was hit to keep me subdued, I only surmised from the throbbing at the back of my head, and that I was not in the place I was. Cold metal encircled my wrists, and though I tugged and twisted at the cuffs, I could not pull loose from them. "Save your energy," a rough voice in the darkness commanded me, and for the first time I noticed exactly how dark it was. No beam of friendly sunlight entered from any wall crack. Completely enclosed in blackness, a sudden panic clutched at me. Who else was there in the darkness? "They all struggle," a different voice, whispered, but female. "At least he has not screamed," a third voice, "Unlike some I could name." "And why do you suppose it is a he?" A second female demanded. Impatient of being discussed but not included in the discussion, I brusquely snapped, "What is this place?" A quiet cackle and the latest spoken voice exclaimed, "See; he is man." The coarse voice which had spoken first came again, and I noted how close it was compared to the others. "What is your name, friend?" "I asked before you." I wrenched at the shackles again, hoping to find some sort of weakness I was obviously some sort of prisoner, though what these voices wanted of me, I did not know. "You would do best to cease that tugging, for it will not avail you," the voice to my left informed me. "You have strayed where you ought not to have trod, and the creatures of the deep pits of the Earth have claimed you." For the first time, I noticed the smell; dung, blood and filth in the stifling air. My voice came out as a snarl. "Orcs." "Aye, we are captured here as you." "What for?" I did not know why I believed him so rapidly, but the hopelessness in his voice… It was terrifying but was soon to become all too familiar. Before anyone responded to the question, I had fear of an answer to, someone I had not heard speak named me. "Estel?" There was bitter laughter. "So elfie speaks does he?" I ignored the chuckles and instead tried to place the fluting voice. Then it came to me. "Erelin? Erelin of Imladris, do you speak?" "So it is you. Aye, Estel it is me. My heart weeps to find you here." The voice of my long time friend soothed me, though his words were dire. "Erelin, last year, without a word you vanished. Without a word." Sorrowfully, Erelin informed me. "Not by choice young one, I promise you." From the far right, a voice informed us, "They are coming." Erelin's voice became urgent, "Estel, are you and the Prince Legolas still courting?" "He has long since wooed me. I am his to be married to when I return from this mission." The thought of my beloved warmed me, and staved away the chill of the cold earth beneath me. Yet the fear in Erelin's voice caused me to in turn to fear. "Think on him. Do not forget him, or your elvish blood will betray you, as it has done me." He spoke so rapidly I could not question him. "Live up to your name. Do not permit them to break you, young one." The others were silent, and Erelin quieted. I did not want to speak either. I could hear the approach another had now, and for the first time, light flickered in two parallel slits to my right; above and below the door. Raucous orcish laughter and language reached my ears, which I could understand enough of to cause me to fear. The door opened and blinded by the sudden light as I was, I did not have my wits about me to look around and see the faces of my fellow captives. All I saw was six bulky shapes in the doorway, and then a torch was brandished in front of me, illuminating the pitted tormented face of an orc. "What've we got here?" he asked, in his guttural tone. "Skinny." "These travellers always are," a second orc professed. A grimy claw clenched my chin, forcibly turning my face to the light. "It'll do." The scaly skin revolted me and I tugged my chin away from it, thoughts chasing each other rapidly around my mind: they could not be intending to eat us, or Erelin would be gone now. Summoning my inner courage, I demanded, "Release me, you beast." The Orc drawled his doubt. "Because you bring no peasant into your den, and I will be looked for." "Says ever'one of 'em," the Orc nodded to the others. "But they're still here." There was more laughter, and the Orc turned to the five others. "Outside. I'll get you when it's your turn." "We'll hear," another cackled. The torch was removed and all was dark again. I was bemused to hear a clinking of armour from the Orc who remained. I could not see a thing, but presumed this creature of filth who had no love for the sun was not so encumbered. Hands were on me again, and I tensed at what they might do, however the ripping noise which followed caused me no pain. It took me a moment to realise what was done; that the cold air of every inch of my skin came from me being bore to the world, the rags of my clothes ripped from under me. It was then I realised what they intended to do. I was flipped onto my stomach, the chains embedded in the wall twisting, and dragged away from the wall. The scrape of rough stone grazed my bare stomach. I wrenched at my bonds, tried to crawl back to the wall, to escape the hands which tugged my legs apart. I kicked out, twisted and struggled with all the strength I had, but the orc merely called for two of him companions. One of these held one of my legs apart each, with vicelike grip. I was little match. When I felt a blunt heat press against my entrance, I froze. No. Not this. Not even my Legolas had entered me; fingers and tongues had probed, stimulating that little gland within me more than anything felt before, but we had been saving taking each other for our wedding night… It was in four months… I would be marrying my beloved in four months. I had to escape. I had to marry him. "No, no, no," I forgot any semblance of pride and begged, "Please no. Please!" That was for Legolas! "Ah!" My protests were strangled by the cry which rent my throat as the rock hard rod pushed inexorably into me. With no penetration, I could feel such burning heat. Pain like fire ripping through me, tearing me apart. "No, no!" I did all I could, I did; I kicked out, but he seemed to enjoy the movement of my body doing its best to escape. I knew that I had clenched around him, the tension doubling the pain, but I couldn't just… accept it. Ai Valar did it hurt. The Orc began to thrust and in my attempts to restrain my agonised cries, I bit my lip so hard I could taste blood. My fingers tore into the earth as my passage was cleaved in two. The panting grunts of the orc above me filled the air, and when his breath hitched, I knew, just knew could I not bear this creature pouring himself into my core. I kicked out and there was a crack and a cry. It took me a moment to realise it was mine. Pain hit me at the same moment as the realisation; One of those orcs holding my legs, who had, I barely comprehended begun to rut against it, expelling rough groans of impatient pleasure, had snapped me kicking leg in two. My yowl tipped the orc atop me over the edge and he filled me. 000 I kept resolutely silent as the inevitable occurred, and the other goblins who had waited their turn took it, and left. My eyes were screwed tightly shut, reluctant to see my assailants abuse my fellow prisoners, and equally unwilling to meet the gaze of those who had heard my cries. Yet they did not suffer as I had just done; there was a small scuffle but it did not last long and there was the clank of metal against stone. And they were gone. I pulled myself up against the cold stone wall, as if it could offer me some sort of comfort and pulled the dregs of clothing over myself in a somewhat futile attempt to secure some warmth around myself, and protect my shattered modesty. I could feel myself leaking onto the floor; blood and gruesome liquid, and agonising spears of heat shot up my leg each time I shifted. "I am so sorry Estel." I heard Erelin's voice as if from a great distance, though a haze of hot pain and tears which stung my eyes in an attempt to spill. "Why did you tell him to fight back? You know it hurts more if you fight back." "He is nearer to my kind than any other but myself who has suffered these halls; I meant in spirit." "A pity then you did not explain that. We all heard the crack." "Was it his arm?" "His leg. I saw't." Though I heard the words, the conversation from all directions, I could not listen. All I could feel was humiliation. As Erelin had commanded me, I thought on Legolas, yet all I saw was his disgust. If he saw me like this, crumpled on the floor, used and abused, he would despise me. He would turn his back on me, demand to know why I had allowed this to happen, why I had not fought back hard enough, where the noble human he had expected to marry had gone. No! Not Legolas. Legolas would see a foolish mistake with disastrous consequences, and