Hello. This is my first time posting anything ever, but I'm pretty hopeful with this piece. Yes, it is a story where young Estel gets sick and the members of the Last Homely House worry and freak out, but I love it. You should all know that I take the view that Gilraen died with Arathorn when Aragorn was two and Elrond took him in as his own son, so I'm sorry if you are against this view, but that is just what I prefer. Plus, I do not claim to be any sort of expert in Tolkien writings, and I will make use of my artistic license to change things into what I want them to be, but don't worry, it's nothing drastic, you might not even pick it up. *Disclaimer* I don't own anything, you're chasing the wrong author, people. "Ada?" Elrond was surprised to hear his youngest up so late at night. He was even more surprised that he had not heard Estel come into his study, so immersed in his papers he was. "What is wrong, ion nin (my son)?" Elrond asked, turning in his chair and holding his arms out for the little boy. The four-year-old quickly leaped into his father's arms, wiggling around until he was comfortably cradled against Elrond's chest, his small curly head resting against his ada's (dad's) shoulder. "I don't feel good," came the small voice. "And I'm cold." As if on cue, the small boy shivered in Elrond's arms. Frowning, Elrond moved his hand to feel Estel's forehead. His frown deepened when he felt unnatural heat radiating off Estel. "Where do you feel bad, tithen pen (little one)?" Estel shivered again, causing Elrond to reach for a spare robe draped on a nearby chair. After Estel was snuggly wrapped in the robe, he spoke. "My stomach isn't happy, and my throat, and my head." "It sounds like you're sick, tithen pen (little one)." Elrond told him. "What's 'sick'?" Estel asked, lifting his head to look at his father. "It's something that happens to humans every so often. It's when your body doesn't feel very well because there is something that is wrong, so it tries to get rid of what is wrong with you." "Like that time when I ate too much of 'Restor's cake after you told me not to and I throwed up?" Estel asked. Elrond's eyes twinkled at the memory, remembering how after the incident Estel refused to have any dessert for three weeks. "No, tithen pen (little one), not exactly like that. You didn't do anything to make yourself sick this time, but your body feels bad because it's trying to make you better again." "Am I going to have to throw up again?" Estel asked suspiciously. Elrond smiled at his son. "I don't think so. You will just feel bad for a day or two, ion nin. You will have to stay in bed and drink some special tea, but after that, you will feel better again." "Tea?" Estel's eyes widened in panic at these words, causing Elrond to groan inwardly. It seemed no one in Middle-Earth liked his special tea, not that he blamed them, of course, it was very bitter, but it seemed his youngest disliked it most of all. It had been a very long time since Estel was last sick, so long that even Estel didn't remember it, but he did remember the tea. Elrond sighed mentally. "You won't have to drink any tea tonight, Estel. But we will have to see how you are in the morning." "Okay, Ada." Estel gave a huge yawn and snuggled his head up against his father's neck, shivering as he did so. "Come, Estel, let us put you back to bed." The boy still in his arms, Elrond stood and walked to his son's room. Estel was practically asleep by the time Elrond laid him in the bed and wrapped extra warm blankets around him. Looking around, Elrond spotted Estel's teddy bear, Growly, lying on the floor next to the bed. He picked the bear up and laid it next to his son, who, even in his barely conscious state, wrapped his arm securely around the bear, drawing it closer to him. "'Night, Ada," Estel murmured. "Goodnight, Estel." Elrond leaned down and brushed his lips against his son's forehead, pleased to find that already the heat from earlier was fading. It looked as if Estel's body was fighting the sickness off by itself, maybe Estel really wouldn't have to drink any of his 'special' tea. Elrond, sure that his youngest was going to be just fine, went back to his study, intending to finish a few more papers before returning to his son's room to watch over him during the night. 00000000000 However, what Elrond didn't plan on was his falling asleep at his desk. It wasn't like such a thing could be unexpected. It was almost winter, the busiest time for Elrond, at least where important papers were concerned. Trade documents had to be completed for the season; store rooms had to be counted and recounted, goods had to be bought, traded, harvested, then stored; the surrounding villages needed to be checked up on to be sure everything was in order for the cold season; troops had to be relocated to accumulate the coming snow; so on and so forth. Elrond had spent the last four nights up late trying to complete everything in time before the first snowfall. It seemed that his lack of sleep had finally caught up with him that night when he awoke the next day with his head lying on a document concerning the wheat storage. Elrond sat up from his slumped position and was unsurprised to find that his back and neck were very stiff. Rotating his shoulders and stretching his arms, he stared out the frosted window to the cool fall morning. He was lost in thought when he heard a knock at his door. "Come in," he said, straightening his robes, hoping he didn't look too untidy. "My lord," Erestor chided gently as he entered, "you wouldn't have happened to have stayed in here all night, did you?" "I didn't plan on it, mellon nin (my friend), but it seemed time got away from me." Elrond smiled at the seneschal ruefully. "You have spent far too many nights awake, lately, you need a nice rest," Erestor said. "I planned on doing so last night but-" Elrond's eyes widen as he remembered his youngest son visiting him during the night. Jumping out of his chair, he rushed out into the hall and into Estel's bedroom just as Elrohir was leaving his own room to wake Estel up for the day. "Ada?" Elrohir questioned as his father hurried into his younger brother's room. Elrond didn't answer the twin, but instead rushed to Estel's bed and was greeted with a worrying sight. Estel lay tangled up in his blankets, sweat beading on his forehead, his breathing coming in fast pants. As Elrond watched, Estel shifted restlessly, whimpering and shivering. Elrond sat on the side of the bed and gently laid his hand on Estel's forehead. The skin was hot, burning, causing Elrond's worry to spike even more. "Erestor, please go fetch a bowl of cool water and a cloth and bring it back here quickly," Elrond spoke to the seneschal calmly. "Yes, my lord." Erestor left the room in a hurry. "Ada?" Elrohir asked, stepping to stand beside his father, his voice betraying his worry and fear for his brother. "Is Estel going to be alright?" "He should be, ion nin. He is just sick and has a fever. A little rest and some herbal tea should make him better again." Elrond began to untangle Estel's legs from the blankets. "I'll go make some tea for him, Ada." With that, Elrohir also hurried from the room, frowning with worry. Erestor soon returned with the bowl of water, laying it on Estel's bedside table for easy reach. Elrond nodded his thanks to his friend and began wiping Estel's heated forehead off as Erestor stoked the fire to heat the drafty room. When Elrohir returned with the tea, he had Elladan and Glorfindel in tow with him. Elrond nodded his thanks to his son and took the tea. Wiping Estel's forehead a few more times with the cloth, Elrond finally laid his hand on his son's cheek and began to softly call his name. "Estel? Estel, ion nin, I need you to awaken." Estel stirred fitfully at his father's voice, making soft noises of discomfort. "Come, Estel, you must wake up, tithen pen." After a little more persuasion, Estel finally woke. Fever glazed eyes roamed over those who were in his room, before finally resting on Elrond. "Ada?" Estel's voice was cracked and weak. His hand reached for his father, who immediately took the boy's small hand in his own. "I'm here, Estel." Elrond said, laying the tea aside for a moment as he began to gently stroke Estel's forehead. Closing his eyes again, Estel murmured, "Don't feel good." "I know you don't, tithen pen, but I'm going to help make you better again." Elrond reached for the tea again. "You have to drink this now, Estel, it will make you better." "Okay, Ada." The fact that Estel didn't argue against taking the tea severely worried Elrond and the four other elves in the room. Estel's dislike for taking the tea was legendary in the Last Homely House; the measures that he sometimes went to to wiggle out of the task were often as memorable as they were remarkable. Elladan and Elrohir instantly moved forward to help their little brother sit up, carefully pulling him out from under his blankets and leaning him against their shoulders as they sat on either side of him. At their touch, Estel stirred and opened his eyes again. "Dan? Ro?" "It's us, Estel." Elladan told his youngest brother, brushing the boy's curly locks back, "We're here to help you get better." "You just have to drink the tea," Elrohir continued, rubbing his little brother's back in soothing circles, "I even put honey in it so it will taste better." The corners of Estel's lip pulled up in a small smile. "Still taste bad," the boy said weakly, resting his burning head on Elrohir's shoulder. The twins smiled; they too, also hated drinking Elrond's special tea, but nowhere near as much as Estel did. Taking the cup that held the tea from his father, Elladan brought the herbal drink to Estel's lips. "You must drink this now, Estel." Other than a small wrinkling of his nose, Estel made no protest towards drinking the tea. As Elladan held the cup to his lips, Estel's small chubby hands overlapped his brother's as he gripped the cup, causing Elladan to smile. It didn't take long for Estel to finish the drink, and when he did, he promptly fell right back asleep, his head on Elrohir's shoulder. "The poor lad's worn out," Glorfindel commented, worriedly watching his lord's youngest son. "He needs to rest in order to heal." Elrond sighed. "Someone will have to watch him at all times should he get worse." Reaching over to the nightstand, Elrond dipped a cloth into the bowl of cool water, wrung it out, and placed it carefully on Estel's forehead. "Some rangers are coming in today and I have to meet with them to sort out some winter trade agreements. I cannot miss this, but perhaps if I-" Elladan quietly cut his father off. "You can meet with the rangers, Ada, me and El can watch over Estel." "We didn't have anything planned for today, anyway, Ada. We won't mind looking after Estel," Elrohir agreed with his twin. "We promise to come tell you if anything changes," Elladan went on. "We've taken care of him before, Ada, so we know what to do," Elrohir added. "Plus, you've taught us almost everything