Kept you waiting A/N A short story to help me find my way back into writing again. It's been a long road for me, for many reasons. Thank you for the reviews and messages you have sent. I don't own any of the characters from Twilight, I just love to imagine other situations for them. Thank you, as always for Butterfly Betty who gives me encouragement, and checks my work for me...have you read any of her amazing stories yet? I admire this woman so very much not only as a writer, as a mother, as a human being as my friend. EPOV. I stood there, nervously…waiting for her to appear. I had arrived way too early, mainly due to over excitement. I had been waiting, for what seemed like a life time or more for this moment and now it was almost here. But I still had time to waste till she was due to arrive. I closed my eyes, blocking out the sights and sounds of the people around me, longing for some silence in the bustle of the excited chattering they were making. I knew all eyes were on me at the moment while they waited just like I did for my girl to arrive. Emmett was with Jasper fussing about his tie or something that our Mother, Esme was not one hundred percent happy with. Me… I just wanted stillness and silence, it was like I could hear every thought that each and every person near me was thinking. I was a quiet person by nature. I liked my own space and I liked peacefulness. I enjoyed music to soothe my soul and books to broaden my mind. I didn't need a lot of attention and fuss. That was something else we had in common, something else that made us compatible. Time in my own head gave me opportunity to think back to when I first saw her while swimming early one Friday morning. As I ploughed through the water, my arm lunging out and turning my head to take a breath of air, I saw her stand at the side of the pool and look up towards the wall of glass across the room. I inhaled water not air, coughed and spluttered, and came to a standstill as I fought to compose myself. She was wearing some sort of dark blue bikini, not skimpy and barely there like the girls who flirted as they sat at the pool's edge, but never actually swam. I could do nothing but just stand there, in the middle of the fast lane, the water barely at my ribs, and watched as she turned and lowered herself down the steps and into the pool. The coolness made her shiver and pause for a moment as her glorious ass made contact with the frigid fluid. Slowly, she submerged completely, her long flowing chocolate locks fanned out around her until even the crown of her head was underwater. It seemed to take a lifetime as I held my breath till she reappeared like Venus, throwing her head back and gathering up her hair to tie in some sort of knot behind her. Her breasts pushed forward before she bobbed back down to lower beneath the water again, this time to cover her up past her shoulders. All the time I stood there, gawping, just mesmerised by my mermaid bobbing up and down before me, the water was running down her skin which was shimmering under the lights above. She lowered herself down again and swam across the pool reaching the lane next to mine. I still hadn't moved from the spot I was standing in. It was then she smiled at me and I grinned back. Turning her attention back to the pool lane before her, she took a breath of air in and disappeared under the water and swam right past me, the ripples bubbling up on the water's surface while she remained submerged swimming further away from me. I turned on the spot and watched her glide under the waves. I wanted to go and talk to her. I wanted to swim after her or wait till she returned back down the lane to me. But I had to leave and get ready for work, my shift almost about to begin. I seriously contemplated phoning in telling them I would be late, but we had a practice meeting this morning and since it was my practice, I really couldn't keep them waiting. I swam the last few metres back to the pools edge and hoisted myself up and out of the water, unable to resist one more look over at my beautiful distraction. She took a breath as she broke through the water and then was gone below the surface once more as she swam at some speed towards me. The swimming shorts I had on were going to nothing to conceal my growing attraction so I had no choice but to get myself quickly to the changing rooms and cover up before I made a disgrace of myself. I don't remember much about the meeting at work… all I could think about was my beautiful Venus. The blue ink from my pen that was drawing nothing but doodles matched the blue swimwear that she had worn. The staff all looked at me as yet again I was distracted to the point of missing the question I had been asked. It was from that day on that I seemed to see her everywhere, but nowhere I could approach her and ask her name. I saw her on the bus as it drove past me on the street; I am sure she looked at me and smiled as I held my hand up to wave. I saw her leaving the bank just as the manager called me into to discuss the business plan we had for extending the practice. And I know I saw her at the window of the tattoo shop as I sat in the chair while Riley worked on a family crest that was being finished on my upper arm. It was Riley who spotted her standing watching me as he inked my skin. "She has been there a little while; do you think she is planning to come in for some work?" he asked, nodding over to my beautiful stranger who was standing with the edge of her thumb between her teeth as she watched the needle piercing my skin with its permanent etching of my family loyalty. I blew out a breath I had been holding as the burn of the needle, scratching the last of the shading on the design was taking me close to my limit of pain. And when I looked up again, she was gone. Unless she had ink hidden under that bikini she had worn, I was sure there was nothing decorating her beautiful skin. I wondered if the various pieces I had chosen to document my life on my body with would be something she would like. Would I ever get the chance to show her and ask her? Would I ever know is she was marked herself? I avoided the pool for a few weeks as my skin healed on the advice of Riley. I was desperate to return to see my mystery girl, the need to speak to her burning in my very soul. Alice started wittering on about a friend of hers she wanted me to meet, a double date my sister, her husband and some girl she had just met sounded like an awful idea and I was more than relieved when her new friend was always unavailable when I was free. It felt like I would be cheating on my unnamed nymph with a woman I didn't want to meet anyway. After a few weeks, my Mother started telling me how Alice's friend would be a great match for me. Even Rose liked her and my sister-in-law didn't like many women she met at all! She knew Alice's friend as she was the new owner at the child care centre her daughter Emily attended. I shook my head as the three women now joined forces in some sort of matchmaking coven to attempt to arrange a meeting for me and this intended bride! I took Emily out of Rose's arms and headed to the family room to entertain the only female I trusted not to try to marry me off. "What did you do this morning Miss Emily?" I asked my three year old niece as we sat down to watch the little mermaid…again. Oh great, suddenly all I could think of was my mermaid as she lifted her body out of the pool and threw her head back. An erection while holding Emily was just not on at all. I gave myself a severe talking to and imagined Emily's dad Emmett in a bikini and started to laugh as the desired effect was almost instant relief. Emily looked away from the screen and smiled up at me. "I pwayed with Be-be." She giggled. "We readed dis book, a Ariel book." She nodded as she told me about someone named Be-be and the book they read, all about the cookies they had made and then ate with milk. Cold milk, not warm milk like Nana tried to give her. No sir, it had to be really cold milk. I just nodded and agreed with Emily as she told me all about Be-be, clapping her hands as she sang some song they had learnt during her morning in child care. It seems she had been a busy wee girl. Realising the chattering had stopped, I looked down to see Emily was sound asleep in my arms, so I moved back onto the sofa into a better position to support her as she napped, while I watched the Little Mermaid sing and dance with some crab and then argue with her father…don't judge me, it had been a long week! And I was still avoiding the match makers. The weeks rolled on, and I still hadn't managed to see my girl again, I didn't know her name or where she lived or anything about her. All I knew was I desperately wanted to know everything about her. All I could do was wait. I had to miss a family Sunday brunch two weekends in a row due to work. First time was because I was on call and had to operate on a great dane who had fallen off the side of a cliff and the second time I had to assist one of the younger vets in transfusing blood to a poorly dog. My family understood but were disappointed I had still not yet met Alice's friend. To be honest, I didn't know if I was sick of hearing all about this wonder woman or just at the stage of hoping if I met her she would take my mind of the brunette I was pining away after. Friday afternoon, and Alice was busy talking to her new best friend on the phone while I finished up in putting data into the computerised patient files, and I couldn't help but overhear her tell the girl it was fine she was going to be a bit late in joining all of us for drinks that evening. I didn't even want to go for drinks, and would much rather just go home and relax and unwind after a busy week. Again, I had not managed to see my girl. Resigned to the fact this arrangement had been made I grunted in Alice's directions when she asked if we could meet at the Wolf Pack. I didn't really mind her choice of pub, the food was okay, and they did a really good rare steak. So yeah, okay… I would go for that, it would pass some time and mean less time for me at home dreaming of my