Disclaimer. I do not own anything to do with Twilight. I am so sorry for the delay in chapters, an explanation at the bottom. Thank you to everyone who has PM'd me. This is has not been checked, so any mistakes are mine. With all my Love xx Love you to the Moon and Back. Edward grinned down towards Mike, who was giggling as he held on tight to the mobile IV stand tight. His little Batman slipper clad feet were firm on the base of the stand, his tiny bruised hands holding on to the metal pole while one of Edwards large hands supported him, proving security while allowing the sickly child some relief from the day to day battle that had become his life. The plastic tubing drip fed fluids and drugs into his blood stream; the pumps soft beeps told Edward that the liquid was flowing freely. Soon the liver failing inside him would render Mike too poorly to feel like laughing at all. Angela, Mike's Mother followed on behind with a wheelchair just in case Mike needed it. She chatted away to Kate, one of the nurses as they made their way back to the ward after their short trip to look out of the 15th floor window. Mike had been drawing trees and wondered if their leaves had started to change colour. He had always loved jumping on the crisp fallen foliage and playing in the piles of leaves in the woods behind his house. It has been such a long time since he left his home. He had arrived here at the hospital for an appointment some months ago, and had not gone home again since. His brothers and younger sister had been to visit, his Grandma Jane had moved into his house, and was sleeping in his bed while she helped his Dad Ben to look after the family allowing him to continue working. It was too cold for Edward to think about taking Mike outside, but when he listened as his patient explained about his picture, he knew this trip to the window would help. It was really all he could do as they waited for a liver to become available for this small boy to be given any chance of survival. His extended family and even an older brother Sam had been tested to see if they could donate part of their livers, but no match had been found so far. Time was not on their side. "I don't understand Dr E..." Mike looked up at Edward as they waited on the elevator to arrive. "How can you think Superman is better than Batman?" "There is simply no question, Mike... Superman is just soooooooo much cooler!" Edward laughed as he sounded like a girl talking about her favourite singer in a boy band, he lifted the hem of his trousers up to show Mike the superman socks he had put on that morning just to tease him. The lift doors opened, and before him stood the prettiest girl he had ever seen. Her chocolate brown eyes met his emerald green; she smiled before looking at Mike who was looking at his favourite doctor who it seemed was now acting very strangely, and still holding his trouser leg up to show his novelty socks. "E! You gotta push the stand...E!" Mike shouted up to the awe struck man towering over him and the IV stand. "What? Oh yes, sorry Mike..." He pushed the stand forward, making sure the wee boy holding on was not jostled as he went over the edge of the lift door. Only then did Mike see who had caught Edward's attention. "BIRDIE!" He cheered out! Bella grinned, looking away again from Edward, who still couldn't take his eyes off her. "Well, lookie, lookie here... It's Mike and is this your new car?" She asked the 6 year old who was now carefully stepping off the IV stand to walk into her open arms for a cuddle. "No..." he chuckled. "Dr E was just taking me to see the leaves change on the trees." He explained about his picture, and the happy memories he had playing outside. "I can't wait till I can play outside again... I guess I will have to wait till next year to play with the leaves." He sighed. The four adults now standing in the elevator knew there was a higher chance of Mike not being here at all next year, let alone being able to play outside. "Would you like to do some more colouring, or perhaps some reading with me Mike?" Bella ask as Kate pulled a quietly sobbing Angela into her arms, hiding her from her son's view as she tried in vain to stop the tears from flowing down her face. She felt like all she did was cry now, for her beloved wee boy and the possibility she might lose him. "Yeah, I fink I have got time for that...E?" He looked at Edward for confirmation. "Sure Little Man... you can colour and we will take your next lot of IV meds to you in the playroom." Edward nodded, he knew the importance of the medication but realised the young boy needed to enjoy his short life too. Kate told him she would take the meds to him, and walked away with Angela as she fell apart. "E...?" Edward didn't respond to the small one talking to him, he was spell bound by the woman now holding Mike's hand. "E?" she looked at him. "Sorry...?" He shook his head and tried to focus on the woman now chuckling in front of him who was shaking her head as Mike asked what was wrong with Edward. "I was wondering if you needed me to take the IV stand while Mike and I went to the playroom?" She replied. "No, I have got it...Birdie? Is that your name?" He asked softly. "Bella, or Birdie, I am the play therapist here, I started a few weeks ago." Bella explained. She waited for the usual scoffing reaction she had come to expect from the medical professionals resulting in her having to defended her career. "I help kids and families deal with situations they have found themselves in. Diagnosis and treatment can be overwhelming." "I read your paper in last month's journal." Edward admitted, "I was delighted when Dad said you were joining the team." "Oh..." Bella blushed and smiled at the handsome mad who was looking down out of the corner of his eye at her. "I usually get a much less enthusiastic welcome." She explained. "We are here, can I push the buttons please E?" Mike squealed as they arrived at the ward entrance. Edward carefully lifted the fragile child up, holding him protectively as he typed the numbers in the security keypad to allow access to the ward. "I am not meant to know the numbers so don't tell anyone Birdie..." Mike lifted his finger up to his lips, and giggle as Bella did the same, only to pull her finger and thumb across her lips, locking the secret safely inside before throwing the imaginary key away. Mike nodded and turned to look at a smirking Edward, "It's ok...we can trust Birdie." "I will take your word for it, since you seem to know her so well." Edward nodded back. Bella giggled, following behind the two boys while Edward continued to carry Mike and push the IV stand with his other hand. Edward's shift had finished some time ago but he felt unable to leave Bella and Mike as they settled down to colour in more trees and leaves, while Bella gently encouraged Mike to talk about his illness and his stay in hospital. Edward always found children to be so resilient and matter of fact about their illness. Adults were much more emotional about everything. It broke his heart when they lost a child, or he had delivered news that there was no more they could do for a child in his care. He came from a family who all provided care. His Dad, Carlisle was Edward's hero & role model and was now the Chief of Surgery in this Hospital. His Mother, Esme was a Psychologist who specialised in supporting victims of assault. His older brother Emmett was an anaesthetist, as was his wife Rose. His other brother Jasper was a Charge nurse in the intensive care unit, and his wife Alice was a co-ordinator with the donor transplant services. The three brothers had grown up in the hospital learning just how precious life was. Kate brought Mike's IV drugs and started them going as Angela came in and sat down watching as her son spoke about missing his dog at home, his siblings and how he worried about his Dad working so hard. "I know my Mama gets sad too...she misses everyone..." Mike sighed. "You worry too much Mama." He said looking up at his Mother, who sat with tears in her eyes. Angela moved to sit nearer her precious boy, kissing his forehead and pushing some hair away from his face. "You need a haircut." She whispered. "I can trim it if you want." Bella offered. "Can you Birdie, are you sure you knows how to cut hair?" Mike asked cautiously. "Sure, you know my Daddy, Chief Swan? Well I cut my Dad's hair and his moustache all the time," She shrugged while using a finger to swipe a non excising moustache on Mike's upper lip. "Yes, but I don't have no moustache, Birdie!" he laughed while wiggling his nose in response to the tickle. "Can you cut Edward's hair too?" He looked up at Edward with a twinkle in his eye. "What's wrong with my hair?" Edward laughed, pretending to be insulted as he continued colouring in beside Mike. His attention focused on colouring the line of ducks swimming in the pond. His constant desire for perfection ensuring he stayed in the lines and used the correct colours at all times. "Hum...let me see." Bella moved and stood behind Edward, who closed his eyes and hummed as Bella ran her fingers in his hair, checking to see if she would need to cut much from his soft, bronze locks. "About time he had that mop trimmed!" Bella stood back and Edward scowled at the sudden removal of her soothing touch as his oldest brother, as he, his father and mother all wandered into the play room to find Edward who had promised to meet them for coffee in the cafeteria while they planned a family meal for Carlisle's upcoming birthday. Esme stepped forward and hugged Bella who sighed as she melted into the loving embrace. Edward looked up puzzled, until his Father explained that Bella had met Esme during some training workshops for children who had been involved in domestic abuse. It was Esme who had suggested to Carlisle that the hospital would benefit from a play therapist and had encouraged Bella to apply for the post and move back to Forks. She has simply been the best candidate by miles and the Hospital board had offered Bella the post straight away. Moving back to be nearer to her Dad Charlie made Bella very happy as she had been looking to move back to her childhood town for some time. She had enjoyed her years moving around the States, working in various centres and hospitals, but it was ready to settle back home. Charlie had always been proud of his only daughter's career but was delighted she was home again. Having Bella stay with him until she found her own home was fantastic. Bella laughed as Emmett tried to balance his huge 6 foot 4 frame on the bean bag beside Edward and Mike. Rolling his sleeves up he surveyed the activity in front of him before starting to add a Mohawk to the man on his colouring sheet and turning another character into a pirate,