It's old. It's a mess. I'm posting it anyways. Paxton had never been to the victors' village, but there was a first time for everything. Once she was there she had no way of telling, which house was his. None of them had lights on. None of them looked in. Most of them weren't. Only two houses were currently occupied. She then saw the bottles sitting on the porch of the one. "Haymitch," she muttered, stomping up to the house. She banged on the door. "HAYMITCH GET YOUR DRUNK ASS UP AND OPEN THE DAMN DOOR!" she shouted. "What do you want Rip?" he asked her. "Don't call me that. I'm not my mother," she said. "Why are you here?" he asked. "Which one does Bread Boy live in?" she asked. "Greasy Sae send ya?" "I'm here voluntarily, but I'm not here for you, so tell me which house is his." "The first on the left." "Was that so hard?" she asked. Haymitch just grunted in response. "The still wasn't damaged. I'll bring you your liquor tomorrow. You gonna give me a hand if I need it?" "Do I have a choice?" "No," she said. She left Haymitch's and walked across the street to the house Haymitch had directed her to. She knocked on the door, but got no answer. She knocked a little harder. She then began to bang on the door like she did to Haymitch. "He ain't coming out Dollface." She grabbed the door knob and turned it. It was open. She walked in. He wasn't in the living room or the kitchen. She walked up the stairs and found him curled up in his bed, wide awake staring at the ceiling. The bed was a mess, obviously it hadn't been made in a while and the room had a stench. She knocked on the open door, hoping to grab his attention. He just kept staring. "Peeta," she said tentatively. "Peeta?" He wasn't having an episode. It wasn't anything that the Capitol had done to him or at least to him directly. It was depression that came, when Katniss shot Coin and swallowed the dark purple pill resting in the pocket on her shoulder, the depression of losing everyone that he cared for. Paxton looked at the boy sadly. He used to be so happy, so vibrant. Now he was this broken shell. People had been tip toeing around his feelings since they had begun rebuilding and he had returned. They let him mope and sulk. It wasn't healthy. She wasn't going to let him self-destruct. It was time for what she was best at, tough love. "Get up!" she snapped. "Get up!" she snapped again. He actually took the time to glance at her. She walked over. "UP!" she barked again. Then the stench hit her. She left the room and went until she found a bathroom. She filled the tub and poured a little bit of the soap she found in one of the drawers. She drew the bath. She still wasn't sure on how she was going to get him into it. She stripped out of her jacket and rolled up the sleeves of her shirt. She returned to his bedroom and saw him sitting up, but he was just staring straight ahead. "Get up," she said. She didn't bark it out or yell it like before, but her voice was firm and unwavering. While telling him to get up, she was already forming a plan for if he wouldn't. Paxton was a petite girl, strong, but petite. She was a good foot shorter than Peeta, standing at four nine, and she only weighed one-hundred-and-twelve pounds. He put his leg on and stood up. She started to walk towards the bathroom. He was following. She stood aside from the door to let him in. She helped him out of his disgusting clothes, set his beside the tub and helped him into the bath. Once he was in she set off towards the bedroom. She ripped the bedding off of the bed in his room and threw it down the stairs. She would wash it as soon as possible. She went into one of the other rooms and took the sheets off of it and brought them into Peeta's room. There wasn't much out of place in his room. The only things that really stunk were him and the bedding. With some effort she flipped the mattress and remade the bed. She went down stairs to the door. Haymitch was sitting on his porch. "Haymitch, make yourself useful and go get some soup from Greasy Sae." Greasy Sae was the first to bounce back after all that happened with the bombing and the war. He said something. She saw his lips moving, but she couldn't read them and didn't care what it was. He rose up put his bottle down and started down the stair of his house towards the square. "Thank you," she said. She returned into the house. She finished fixing the bed, before opening the windows and turning on the ceiling fan to air the room out. She grabbed Peeta some clean clothes and took them into the bathroom. She sighed as she saw that he was no different than he was, when she left him in the tub. She shoved her sleeves up to her armpits and grabbed a wash cloth and washed him down. She washed his hair. She found a pair of scissors and comb. She trimmed his blonde hair. She helped him out of the tub and with getting dressed. By the time this feat had been accomplished Haymitch had brought the soup. "I'll throw in an extra bottle for free," Paxton said to the drunk with a slight smile. He saw past it though. He saw how much helping Peeta was actually hurting her. He hadn't seen her that torn up in a while. "Don't give me that look Haymitch," she said her voice hard and her pale green eyes icy. She then turned her attention back to Peeta, who didn't need and motivation or commands to start eating. As soon as he was done he looked at her. To anyone else his face was expressionless, but Paxton saw the question in them. She gave the slightest nod something that only he would pick up on. He left the kitchen and walked up to his room. "Alright Haymitch, we're leaving." "What was that?" he asked once they were outside. "What was what?" "Doll I've known you since you were little, you wouldn't help anyone voluntarily so either Sae sent you or there's something going on in that pretty little head of yours." "I don't know what you're talking about." She said walking towards the edge of District Twelve, where the woods barely touched the district. The fence there had been faulty and never worked, so Paxton simply slipped underneath it and walked towards the shack next to the make shift distillery that her mother had made. The next morning, she got up and went to help Greasy Sae. She and Sae went around the district digging through ashes and rubble for anything salvageable. Once Sae told her she could go, she went to where the Mellark bakery once stood. The building was toasted and extremely unstable, but she walked into what was left and began to sift through it. She found a few things that were still in good condition, but they were pointless. She came across a metal box. With a decent effort she flipped it over. It was a safe. She wasn't gonna be able to get it open and it was too heavy to drag the entire way to Peeta's, so instead she just hid it under more rubble and continued on her way. She dropped the liquor off at Haymitch's and walked into Peeta's house. Just as she went to open the door Haymitch yelled at her from across the street. "Be careful Rip. He still isn't completely right in his head. What the Capitol did, it's still there." She felt a flare of anger. The Capitol: they did this to him. She took a calming breath and entered. She once again found the lower floor empty. She took walked up stairs and found him staring at the ceiling. She walked over and looked at him. His expression was blank. She didn't know what to do now. The room was back to normal and he was clean. Another shower wouldn't hurt, but she wasn't going to through all of that again so soon. She slowly sat down on the edge of the bed. He looked at her. She just started talking about anything and everything. She avoided anything that had to do with the games, the war, and Katniss. She talked about how the rebuild was going, the still, and her mother, but there a few other topics that she avoided, for her own sake. Greasy Sae brought soup and stayed to make sure Peeta ate. She also made sure that Paxton ate. "I saw you in the bakery, sifting through the rubble. Was there anything worth saving?" she asked. Paxton saw Peeta perk a little bit, finally interested in something. "A safe," she answered. "I hid it more though, don't want anybody, who actually has the power to move or open it to find it. Figured Peeta here can get it open or bring it here, once he feels up to it." "I'll go check it out tomorrow," Peeta said. No one said anything, though both of the women there had slight smirks on their faces. Paxton was the last to leave. "I'll be here early tomorrow," she said, "I'll show you, where it is then go check my still and searching through the rubble. For now my sleeping bag calls me." She woke up the next morning began to the trek to Victor's village. She didn't need to though. Peeta was already at the remains of the bakery, when she walked past. She walked up close to him and put a hand on his shoulder. She walked over to where the safe was and he followed. She uncovered it. He looked at it sadly before flipping it over. She couldn't help, but notice the way his muscles moved under his shirt as he moved what was an immovable object to her with ease. He quickly turned the dial and unlocked it. He reached his hand inside and pulled out a few papers and an old leather bound book. He held it closely to him and she saw a few tears slide down his face. She reached out gently and wiped them away, before putting an arm on his shoulder in a comforting notion. She didn't say anything. Nothing she could say would help. She knew that. When he calmed down, she walked with him back to his house. He held the book tightly in one hand. The other was clenched in a fist at his side. She knew that the book had caused the grief to give way to the anger with in. She grabbed his fisted hand and smoothed it out with hers. Gently she massaged his fingers until they were completely slack. She went to let go, but instead, he grabbed her hand and held it. When they arrived at his house, he went straight to the living room and sat down on the couch. He put the book of the table and opened it, leafing through the old brittle pages. She sat down at the end of the couch and watched him. Occasionally his eyes would flicker to her, but just long enough to see that she was there before they returned to the book. When he reached the final entry in the book he stared at it long and hard, before shutting the book and looking at her. "Thank you," he said, "I… I needed that, to read that. I think I can… I can try again,