Alright, so this is my first fic in The Hunger Games fandom. I was meant to write a Gale/Katniss oneshot but well, look what I ended up with. This is more of an extended oneshot, which is essentially Katniss-centric. It more or less adheres to canon other than the Gale/Katniss scenes where I have taken loads of creative liberty. I have rated this T, since there isn't anything explicit or graphic, just a bit of mention of sex. I do not own The Hunger Games, obviously. No more talk from me. Enjoy! And leave a review on the way out. I would love to hear from you guys. She tries closing her eyes again, tries to cut off the world outside and retreat into a shell where she is capable of sleeping through the night, where nightmares do not haunt her, where she does not have blood on her hands, where the Games have not happened, where she feels human, where she feels. Because these days, holed up underground in a district she never knew existed, where she cannot even see the sun burning bright or the stars shining in the darkness, she has forgotten what it feels to feel. To her, every day is a struggle, the restrained life is smothering. She hates how there is a time stamp for everything. It chokes her, asphyxiates her until she is convinced that the easiest way to survive is by not feeling. She does not allow gratuitous and unnecessary thoughts filter into her head, she focuses on the things that are important, things she needs to stay alive and keep her family alive. And Peeta. And Gale. That seems like a thread of thought that is not imperative for survival so she lets it die in the cradle: no thinking about Peeta or Gale. Thirteen saps whatever life remained within her and siphons it off somewhere so far away that she does not know how to regain it. Thirteen kills her from the inside, breaks her. She thinks of herself as an unsolvable jigsaw puzzle: one that can never be pieced together to form something wholesome, one that is almost complete but not quite. In Thirteen, she sometimes feels like an Avox, chained and restricted, unable to voice herself. Other times, she feels like a controlled disposable item. But never for once does she feel like Katniss Everdeen, the girl on fire. She reminds herself every day that she is Katniss Everdeen. Her home is in District 12. Her father worked in the coal mines till he was killed in an accident. She has a sister, four years younger than her. Her mother is a healer. She loves to hunt and is deadly with the bow and the arrow. She reminds herself of Gale, her best friend, her hunting partner, her support and of Peeta, her… She does not have a label for him. She reminds herself that she is the girl who had won the 74th Hunger Games, the girl who had screamed defiance right at the Capitol, who had threatened to end her life with Nightlock. She is the girl Cinna had seen hope in, she is the one so many have seen hope in. She wonders why she herself remains blind to this hope. She reminds herself that she is the symbol of this rebellion, she is the fuel to this raging fire, she is the one who is fanning this inferno, that will burn the Capitol to the ground, that will burn Snow to the ground. She tries to leave out the other facts. She is also the girl who had failed to protect Rue, young Rue who did not deserve any of the monstrosities that was handed out to her. She is also the girl who had failed to protect Peeta, she is the reason why Johanna is where she is and the reason why Mags is dead, the reason why Twelve has been destroyed. But in the end, there is only one thing that she keeps telling herself on repeat: she is the girl on fire. She can be who she wants to be, she can do what she wants to do. She is fire: she can destroy yet spring life, she is the annihilator yet she is the breeder of life, the giver of life. She can burn so bright that the whole of Panem will gaze at her with bewildered reverence, that Snow will be reduced to ashes by her sheer power, that she will be able to overshadow all the injustice of the past. A small voice in her head tells her otherwise though: that this fierce blazing inferno of hers will swallow her alive some day, engulf her with its flames and immolate her till she ceases to exist. Gone. All she wants to do is die. Perhaps death is the only escape from this lifeless life of hers. She sees death as a mercy. It will make her forget every thing that she has failed to become, everyone who she has failed to protect, every promise that she has failed to keep. But then, she sees Prim. She sees her mother and she sees Gale. She loathes herself for being selfish, for just thinking about her own salvation and absolution and for never thinking about what her death could do to these people. The only people, she knows, who love her unconditionally. And so she becomes the Mockingjay. Partly to defeat Snow, partly to do what is best for the people of Panem, partly to protect Peeta but mostly to calm her demons, to give herself one last chance at fixing everything that she has set wrong. She understands her symbolic importance: she is the accidental conjugation of an experiment of the Capitol and something indigenous to the districts. She is neither a jabberjay nor a mockingbird. Maybe that is why she feels no true allegiance, all she wants to do is keep Peeta alive. Gale is a true mockingbird, she realizes. He is everything that a rebel should be: loyal, devoted and selfless. He would die for the cause without thinking twice and that scares her. Seeing all these people around her: Boggs, Gale, Plutarch, Coin, Beetee, Cressida, she feels intimidated of their commitment and devotion. She wishes she could feel more about this campaign, she wants to be more passionate about it but she cannot. She dislikes herself for this inability, for not being able to completely surrender to the cause but no matter how much she tries, she fails to feel. Almost as consolation, as useless words to her broken soul, she tells herself, she is a mockingjay, she is the Mockingjay, free to fly wherever she wants. She does not have a side. She has never been in love. She has never allowed herself to fall for someone, to give away a piece of herself to someone else. She has always been guarded, she has always controlled her feelings. She is convinced that she is not in love with Peeta when she sees Finnick, the sex symbol of the Capitol who is now a broken irreparable mess. She sees him waiting out the days with a rope in his hands, tying knots and more knots, and more knots. Finnick and his pure unadulterated concern for Annie tells her that she is not in love with Peeta. But there are times when her thoughts are clouded. Clasping the pearl in her hands, she thinks of her time with him: from the cheesily overdone pretentious moments to sell the image of them being star crossed lovers to the effortlessly sublime spontaneous ones when they talked of their did favorite colors. Orange. Like sunset. She smiles briefly for a moment, a ghost of a smile playing on her lips for the tiniest of moments till she is forced to bring herself back to the brutal reality. Peeta is gone, lost somewhere in the labyrinthine lies and treachery of the Capitol. Who is left behind is Gale. He has finally found a set of like minded people who want to stomp on the dictatorial autocratic regimes of the Capitol just as badly as him. He has found a place where he belongs, somewhere he can plot and scheme legally against Snow and his totalitarian way of ruling. But he still is in pain, she sees that. He wears his mask better than she does but she can see through it, she can see how much he blames himself for not saving more people in Twelve. When they are allowed to hunt, to escape from the confines of the underground establishment, she sees him slipping away from reality. No matter how much she tries she cannot engage with him, she cannot get through him, it is almost like he is possessed. She wants to love him then. She wants to wrap her arms around him, and secure him in her grasp. But she realizes, all that she has to offer is meaningless platitudes, nothing more than that. She is not ready to make any more promises, to be the one who plants a seed of hope in someone else's mind, a seed that she knows will never receive any nourishment. She has nightmares almost every time she manages to sleep. Some nights, she has more than one of the horribly inchoate animistic dreams. She ends up staying awake those nights, longing to feel Peeta's reassuring touch. Sometimes, she wakes up Prim with her screams and she stays beside her, whispering that it is not real. She sees too many things to remember, not that she is particularly keen to remember them. Certain things stand out: the deathless death of Cato, the mutts tearing at his broken body, Mags disappearing into the poisonous mist, Peeta almost dying in the arena and Finnick resuscitating him, the death blows rained on Gale by that despicable brute of a man, Thread, the Seam and the Hob, her father, the song. She has steeled herself to survive these nightmares. The ones which scare her, leave her in a cold sweat, expose all her fears and leave her as a ball of fragile vulnerability are the ones scarred with memories of Snow, his white roses and his hateful vindictive throttling laugh. She is reduced to a mere spectator as the Capitol bombs the wounded at Eight. She wants to scream, wants to cry but everything is a tangled mess inside, nothing makes sense. None of it makes sense. She wants to curl into a ball and hide in Gale's arms but she cannot. There is a war to be won and so she thunders, "Fire is catching! And if we burn, you burn with us!" They visit Twelve. She kisses Gale. He gives her the cold shoulder. She hates to admit it, even to herself, that Gale's detached demeanor hurts her just as bad as Peeta's bedraggled emaciated condition on television did. These days, she thinks a lot about Gale. She thinks about all that he said the other day in Twelve. She wonders if it is true: if the only way in which he can get her attention is by being in pain. Initially, she dismisses it as yet another hot headed accusation from him but with time, she realizes that he was not all that wrong either. The only time when they are alone is when they are hunting in the woods and then, they hardly speak; good hunting demands absolute silence. Other times, they are surrounded by other people: her prep team, Cressida and her team, Boggs, Coin, Plutarch, the list does not end. She wonders how the tension and the rift came to being in the first place. It surprises her, shocks her. She badly misses her old life in the Seam: it was nothing compared to what she is a part of now. She misses the old Gale, the one that called her Catnip, the one that made her smile even without