BELLA'S P.O.V They say that keeping your memory is a blessing ,in my case it is a curse. In some cases at least. I can remember every detail of the night I was taken from them. I can remember every detail of the three days I burnt in the fiery pits of hell and I can remember every scream, or howl, of pain that came from my children and the children of La Push in the past 10 years. MEMORY "BELLA! what he hell are you doing?" He screamed from the other room as I tended to our sick 5 year old's. They had, had a temperature and been vomiting for the past two days straight and screaming for the same amount of time. While I cared for them both, he watched television and slept all day long and when he was awake he would scream at me 'SHUT THOSE FUCKING BRATS UP BEFORE I DO ' and just turn the television up . He was not the man I fell in love with. This man I hated for the way he blanked his twin son's and the way he treated me. My poor babies just wanted their Daddy to give them a cuddle like Mommy does and he could not give a shit . When we met he was the sweetest man I had ever known and I fell head over heals in love with him. I had made him prove to me that he was not just out for a booty call as they say and he would turn up every night at the dinner I worked at and sit with me for hours, if there were no customer's, and talk about every thing. He was such a loving and kind man and treated me like a princess . It was only 2 months after we had made things official before I moved in with him and 7 before I became pregnant .When I had the twins I was immediately in-love with them, they had my hair and eyes, my personality and the only thing of his they had was D.N.A and for that I was thankful. He didn't deserve to have them. I sat there with my two babies curled up in my lap as they finally slept. Their temperature finally going down enough to let them sleep. After half an hour I gently put them in their own beds and went down stairs. I had had enough of his attitude towards our two little boys. They deserved his undivided attention and all the love he could give but instead all the got was a scowl and nasty comments thrown there way. It started when they were born and he realized I would not have all the time in the world to do what he wanted. Ever since then he has always treated them like burdens' and never really gotten to know them. If he had he hopefully would of seen what I saw every time I looked at them, two beautiful young boys who loved with their whole hearts' and would do anything to make someone happy. I knew he didn't want them once they were born, he had told me so the first time he had ever raised his hand to me. From that night on it was a regular thing in our home. Every time we were alone he would beat me black and blue until I could not stand any more and after a while I got used to it. Who wouldn't when it was a daily occurrence? It was not until he struck Brady that I ever fought back. I didn't see the need to before, he was a lot bigger and stronger than me and most of the time if he thought I was going to fight back the beating was a lot worse. Once I had seen my baby on the floor with a broken lip I flipped out and attached him, he won in the end but I gave him a black eye and a broken nose. Not enough if you ask me but he quickly over powered me. I told him as I lay there in my own blood and urine that the next time he touched one of my babies I would kill him and he never ever did touch them after that, he even went as far as to ignore they even existed, the beating however just got worse for me and if that is what I had to take to keep him from doing anything to my babies I would, no questions asked. I had tried numerous time to leave,just to pack our bags and take my two little warrior's as far away from him as I could but every time he would stop me. He would always be stood in front of the front door when I was walking down the stairs or he would show up as I was packing our bags. I could never leave the house for a few days after because I would be covered in bruises from head to toe. And didn't want the people from the Quileute tribe knowing what was going on, they already disliked me due to me being a white woman and couldn't understand why my husband had sunk so low and not chosen one of the available woman from his tribe or the neighbouring tribe. I can remembered telling my babies to go to their room as I led on the floor bleeding as he stood over my broken body, they screamed and cried but did as I told them. They did not need to see what he did to me. After all I was only trying to get them somewhere safe and away from him. I walked into the living room where he was sat and walked over and turned the Television off, immediately getting his attention. I could see the anger in his eyes . "What the hell do you think you're doing!" He hissed at me through clenched teeth. I was shacking, terrified at what I was about to say and fearing what reaction was going to be . "We're leaving tomorrow. If you try and stop us I will tell every one what you have done. You will let us leave here tomorrow and will never try to contact us or see us ever again, you have done enough damage in our live's and I will not do it any more. Tomorrow I am taking my babies and leaving here forever." I said as confidently as I could. He sat there for a few moments until a sick smirk covered his face, he leaned back on the sofa. "Oh Really now? Is that really what you want? To leave me? To take my lovely children away from me?" His smirk still in place and all I could do was nod. How dear he use MY children like that , he didn't want them. I started to walk out of the room but was stopped when his arms circled around my waist, his hot sticky breath fanning out on the side of my face making me want to gag. "Well I'm sorry to tell you this but the only way you're ever going to leave me is if you are dead. You want it so much then that's what you will have." He whispered in my ear filling me with dread with every word he said . I could not leave my babies with this man alone . "No...no I don't want that ...please" I said trying to back track but It was not working. He knew I would try and leave the second he was not here, after all I had tried enough times. He chuckled a dark chuckle as his hand wrapped around my neck squeezing .I tried to free myself, clawing at his hands so I could get loose but still it didn't work, his grip to strong. I was starting to get light headed from the lack of air getting to my lungs when he threw me across the room and into the mirror that was on the wall, shattering it. Glass was every where, sticking out of my arms and legs, my back and stomach. I knew there was nothing I could do now. My body was in to much pain and I could not move. I could hear the sounds of my babies calling me as they ran down the stairs and could only cry harder at what they were about to see . I shouted at them to go back up stairs but they chose this time of all not to listen. I watched as they ran into the living room and as their eyes landed on me ,tears sprang to their beautiful eyes as they took in the state I was in .I tried to tell them to leave again but every time I opened my mouth I would cry out in pain. They started to run towards me but were stopped, a hand grabbing each of them by the hair and throwing them backwards and still all I could do was scream. I screamed for my babies, for him to leave them alone,for him to leave me alone. I tried my hardest, slowly pulling my-self across the wooden flooring. Trying to get to my two unconscious babies as they led on the floor by the stairs case and all he did was watch, amusement in his eyes and a smirk on his face like this was some form of entertainment for him. I wanted to kill that man there and then. As I made it half way across the room a hand grabbed my ankle and flipped me over hard on to my back making the glass embed it-self just a little further into my skin. I could feel the scream as it traveled up my throat but refused it let it out. I knew that I would never see my babies again after tonight and this was the last time they would ever see me as-well. He stood over me and chuckled. I could feel the blood washing over my skin every time I moved ,my body felt like I had just got into the shower. My hair was stiff with blood and I could feel it slowly starting to dry on my face but I didn't care, all I cared about was my children. That they would be safe and loved. I watched as he slowly started to unbutton his shirt as his eyes traveled up and down my body. How could he even think like this? Then again I knew more than any one else just how sick he was. Soon he was stood over me naked palming his hard length a few times before he bent down and ripped -literally ripped- the clothes from my body.I could feel the shards of glass slice down my skin where they were caught on my clothing. The cold air hit my body and I felt like I had just been slapped on every part of my body causing me to flinch slightly . I tried to beg him to stop but he didn't listen, the strength to fight had left me and my head was spinning. All I could see was blood, my blood and lots of it ,every where. I tried to move away from him but my body was starting to go numb from the loss of blood and I could not move. I watched him as he got down on his knees and pried my stiff legs apart a little. Flipping me over on to my stomach again he gripped my hair in his hands and lent over my body and whispered in my ear 'hope you're enjoying this as much as I am ' then chuckled once again . His other hand I could faintly feel running down my spine and then between my bum cheeks until