Ron had been surprised that he hadn't seen Harry for the better part of the day. As soon as they arrived at Hogwarts for their fourth year with the Hogwarts Express, and as soon as Peeves' prank subsided, Harry literally disappeared from his line of sight. Ron found it difficult to explain how it was possible. But he was left pretty speechless. He would have thought himself crazy, had Hermione not been there. She opened and closed her mouth several times like a drowning fish, flabbergasted at the display. "He… apparated ?" Ron looked at her incredulously. He had no clue what she was on about. Was he supposed to know what apparated meant? It sounded like some type of magic. Maybe he missed the memo during classes. Damn, they were boring anyway. They had expected to see their best friend in the Great Hall, and got just what they were asking for. Harry sat at the Gryffindor table, busying himself with a quill and a notebook. He didn't spare anyone who greeted him a glance, merely waving his free hand as if to return the courtesy. Ron and Hermione looked at each other, baffled. "Is he okay?" Ron asked. "How should I know? I'm not psychic." "But I thought you knew everything," said Ron offhandedly, getting a jab to the ribs as an immediate response. Hermione glared at him. "I don't know everything! I know what I know." "Yes, yes Ms. Granger," Ron waved her off. "Let's find out what's going on from the source then?" "Agreed. I'd like to know how in Merlin's name he did that earlier." "What, disappearing?" "Apparating," Hermione corrected. Ron shrugged, not understanding her fascination. "Looked pretty simple to me." Hermione could have smacked his head in irritation but lamented that her book-smarts were miles ahead of the redhead. They went and sat on their usual seats at the Gryffindor table: either side of Harry. The aforementioned wizard made no indication that he was even aware that they were there. Hermione had no idea how to breach the silence. For one, Harry seemed quite invested in his writing. So Ron ended up being the one to say something. "What are you writing?" "Things I shouldn't forget, but end up forgetting anyway." To Ron, the answer was less than clear. "Okay? What are those things?" "It's a lot to list verbally. Frankly, I'm tired of that." Ron was even more confused. From the way Harry phrased it, it seemed like he had already told someone about it. Hermione decided to chime in, her curiosity getting the better of her. "How did you do that before? You know, apparate?" Harry stopped his writing, seemingly deep in thought. "Huh… It would take too long to explain..." Back to writing he went. "Did you get extra training from someone?" Ron queried, a little jealousy seeping through his voice. "Something like that." Harry had yet to spare them a glance. Ron and Hermione exchanged another look. Something about Harry was very off. "Harry," Draco said, sitting opposite him at the Gryffindor table. "Draco," Harry acknowledged in kind, still scribbling. Ron and Hermione were silent, surprised that Draco Malfoy not only called Harry by his name, but sat at the Gryffindor table. Malfoy eyed Harry for a moment and then smirked. "Right." "Left," Harry responded. "No, my right." "Isn't it the same thing, stupid?" Malfoy waved his hand in the air, dismissive. "It's cooler when I say it." "Whatever." "… You're still going to forget." "Fah! That's where I got you! I'm writing it down!" "Like the last-" "We are not talking about that!" "It was pretty funny." "Oh, like when you-" Draco glared at Harry, cutting him off, "Don't start with that again! I said I was sorry!" "Tell that to Dobby. Poor guy never stood a chance. Tasted good, though." "Accident, accident. What am I speaking, Chinese?" "No, you speak Mandarin." "Since when?" "Since ever. You always get the two wrong." "No, I don't. You only think I do. You're still jealous, aren't you?" Harry slammed his quill on his notebook, giving the Malfoy heir a withering glare. "Fuck you!" Ron and Hermione couldn't stop their jaws coming off their hinges. They were lost when Draco and Harry started conversing but were now borderline stupefied with Harry actually swearing. Draco took it in stride. He took out his wand, waved it around a few times and with a poof, in his place was a very attractive blonde, wearing the Slytherin uniform. She batted her lashes at him, and pouted, accentuating a plump, pink lips. "Really, Harry? You want to do it here ? Kyaa~! Everyone is watching!" True to Draco's outburst, almost everyone in the Great Hall was peering at their conversation in rapt interest. Most of them still had their mouths wide open. Draco looked and sounded like the hottest girl they had ever known. "You're still turning into a girl?! What is wrong with you?! That definitely shouldn't be legal!" Draco cupped his/her chin with both hands, blowing Harry a very exaggerated kiss. "You know you love it." "I think I'm going to vomit." "I didn't hear you complaining when-" "I was drunk! And don't !" Harry warned tersely. "Excuses, excuses," Draco shook her head, her long, platinum locks swaying from side to side. Neville couldn't understand what he was witnessing, so he blurted it out pretty plainly. "What the bloody hell is going on?!" Draco looked at him and grinned. Her grin turned predatory when she stared back at Harry. " Called it ! Neville said it first! Pay up, bitch!" Harry's eye twitched. "Right now, you're the bitch… bitch." "Couldn't care less! That will be one thousand Galleons please." Harry pursed his lips, looking none too pleased. "Last time I'm betting on Ron. You'll get your money later, so piss off before the teachers come." At that, Draco's bright blue eyes widened. "Almost forgot about the Sorting Ceremony." With one flick of the wand, Draco was a guy again. He stood up, ignoring everyone's eyes on him, and walked casually to his seat at the Slytherin table. When Dumbledore came with his handful of Professors, the Great Hall was silent – so silent that a pin dropping would be deafening. The Headmaster raised an eyebrow, not used to this kind of atmosphere. Every student and aspiring student looked completely dazed, like they could not believe that something had just happened. 'Maybe I'm over thinking things?' He mentally entertained, sauntering to his accustomed seat in front of all the Houses. McGonagall was a tad curious on why the students seemed to be so well-behaved. It was like someone held a wand to their heads and promised the killing curse! Once Dumbledore and his colleagues settled, the Headmaster began his greeting and speech. Most of the children weren't even paying attention, changing their gazes from Draco to Harry and then back again. Ron and Hermione had yet to formulate a sentence each. They both could not comprehend what just transpired. It felt like they were in a different universe. Weren't Harry and Draco bitter rivals that hated to stand in the same room as each other? Whatever happened to "Potter!" and "Malfoy!" and then some childish squabble? And Draco actually turned into a girl. Was that even possible at all? Polyjuice maybe? But he didn't drink anything; he merely flicked his wand and that was it? This day was weird, very, very, very weird. Hermione was the first to get over her stupor. She looked over at the Slytherin table and noticed Draco had a bored look on his face as Albus continued to speak. So nothing exactly new there. She turned to Harry, who was still writing, completely ignoring everything around him. Hell, the only person that got a reaction out of him was Malfoy! The evening continued on as it should have, The Sorting Ceremony began for the new students. Nearly Headless Nick made a fuss about Peeves causing problems in the kitchen, which allowed Hermione to discover that house-elves were being used for 'forced' service. She got upset, and let her best mates know it. "That is so terrible. House-elves are living beings, you know?!" "And taste like chicken, too," Harry chimed in, a bit distracted. Hermione gasped at him, her face a mask of horror. "Harry James Potter, how can you say that?! You haven't…" Harry paused his scribbling and finally looked at Hermione. He massaged his chin in thought. "Well, no, I haven't... yet." "Mate, are you okay?" Harry turned to Ron, throwing him off with a smile. "I'm fine, Ron, just a bit tired." "Oh! I get it. The Hogwarts Express must have taken a toll on you and you ain't really thinking straight." Harry blinked at his friend. "Oh yeah… that." Ron's logical conclusion was quickly crushed. Near the Slytherin table, Susan Bones had been desperate to get closer to Draco's seat. After that show of turning into a pretty smoking bombshell, she had been more than curious to find out how Draco did it. Pansy was right next to him, so she whispered the question everyone was desperate to know. "How did you do that?" "Hm?" Draco inclined his head in Pansy's direction. "Turning into a girl?" "A pretty hot one to boot," Gregory included. Vincent glared at his best mate. "Don't talk about Draco like that! Are you a fag?" "N-no… I'm just saying what I saw!" Draco shook his head at everyone's eager attention. "I just wave my wand, think up some weird crap and presto!" Everyone near him blinked. Draco stared at Pansy, grinning mischievously. "Why. So. Curious... Pansy?" Pansy blushed, hesitant to answer, but Susan wasn't so shy as to get a word in. "It looked real!" She quickly covered her mouth, hoping Dumbledore didn't hear her. If he did, then he was doing a damn good job of acting oblivious. Draco quirked a brow at Susan, grin turning into a smirk. "That's because it was real." Everyone's eyes widened. Pansy drew closer. "You mean, when you did that, you were a real girl?" "Oh yeah," Draco drawled, nodding like a loon. "And," Pansy pointed at his chest, "Those were real too?" "You bet." "Cup?" "Double Ds, Pansy…Double Ds" "… Can you teach me?" "If you don't stop causing a fuss, I shall deal with you all, personally ," Snape hissed, behind the animated Slytherin table. Susan yelped and rushed to her seat. Pansy sat as stiff as a board. And Draco, well, Draco just nonchalantly stretched his limbs. Severus raised an inquisitive brow at Draco's laidback attitude. He didn't entertain it for too long and left the table to its own devices. After the start-of-term notices, Dumbledore announced the postponement of Quidditch – which got a lot of negative reception. Mad-Eye Moody made his entrance as the new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher. The second after Moody was announced, Harry dropped everything he was doing, finally taking interest in what Dumbledore was saying. It perplexed his two friends. Draco also looked interested, staring seriously in the Headmaster's direction. The students who noticed all of this had the same train of thought: What the fuck were they so keen about?" Dumbledore announced that this year, the Triwizard Tournament would be making a return in Hallowe'en. He explained the rules of the tournament, the number of participants allowed and mentioned the European magical schools. Harry and Draco shared a swift look and nodded in unison. Once Dumbledore properly instructed everyone to go to bed, Harry took his notebook and started writing again, absentmindedly following his compatriots to their allocated rooms. Ron couldn't help but stare at Harry as the latter prepared for bed. He wasn't acting normal at all. It was as if he didn't care at all about what was happening around him, or maybe he knew something no one else did? Even so, he wouldn't hide anything from him, would he? If