Hey, guys. How are you doing? Good? Great! I decided to give this fic another shot and make it a little more detailed and accurate. If you have stumbled on this story before than I'm sure you've noticed some of the grave mistakes I made, like Harry calling Remus 'Professor'. Sorry about that. I recently reread Azkaban after a while and just loved it so much that it slipped into the story. No mistakes like that again. I hope you're ready for a VERY different kind of Harry-is-sentenced-to-Azkaban story. Now that a have a proper laptop, I am going to write pretty long chapters for this story (6000 words or higher) for your entertainment. A little heads up to those who are just dying to get an update on my other stories. Here is a list of stories that I will be updating shortly (a few days from now): Counselling II Hopeful (I know a lot of people who have been begging me to complete this one). The Last Horcrux: War Rising Harry Potter and the Distorted Reality Get Johnny! (This one is more of an if-I-feel-like-it kinda thing). Harry could not help but feel a little proud, even though he had never intended for it be this way. He never entered his name into the Goblet for the Triwizard Cup, but in the end it gave him an opportunity to grow and become stronger; fighting Dragons, saving his friends from drowning, and finally finding his way out of the damn maze that had repeatedly tried to harm him. He had not intended to run into Cedric or work together to get to the cup, but it happened. They stood next to each other, far eager to end this race once and for all. Harry valiantly hid his disappointment at not being the only true Triwizard Champion. But he didn't really mind to share the title with Cedric, adding to the fact that he was a fellow Hogwarts only seemed to make the victory all the sweeter. Too bad that the hole tournament was a trap to lure him to Voldemort. Everything derailed to chaos then. Cedric was killed, right in front of his straining eyes and he was powerless to stop it. Voldemort used his blood to make himself whole and it was clear as day that the Dark Ages was upon the wizarding world once again. Harry felt the slight tug of the cup as he grabbed it in desperation, clutching Cedric's lifeless body in his other arm. The next thing he knew, he was back at Hogwarts. He landed in a heap on the floor. He was surrounded by a crowd of people, evidently there to cheer at their new Triwizard Champion. The moment they saw him and a very dead Cedric Diggory, there were no cheers, no; only screams of pure horror and grief. Harry, too exhausted from his battle with Voldemort to think and take rational action, merely buried his head on Cedric's chest, trying his best to come to terms with what he had been through as he sobbed profusely on the fallen Hufflepuff student. He didn't have time before he was hauled to his feet and dragged away by Moody. Everything after that was a blur; Moody not being Moody, but Barty Crouch Jnr.; being forced to tell everyone that came to his rescue that Voldemort had returned; watching in bewilderment as he was met with incredulous stares and befuddled questions. Fudge didn't even bother to listen to any of them, firmly believing that Harry had actually done the deed and killed an innocent boy, using Voldemort as a pretence to cover his crimes. Dumbledore was able to come to his rescue, forcing Cornelius to somewhat recant his assumptions. Harry had no idea why, but he was under suspicion not just from Fudge, but a lot of other people. Dumbledore had cast him a shadow of doubt when he explained what he had been through when the Triwizard Cup whisked him away to an unknown graveyard. The Headmaster seemed reproachful of the idea that Tom was at full strength, but Harry supposed that since Dumbledore defended him against Fudge, then the Headmaster must have decided to put his faith in him. Then there were Cedric's parents. They told him that they didn't blame him for their child's death, but Harry felt like their statement was forced. Even when he offered them his winnings, he could see resentment in their eyes as they 'politely' refused. He didn't blame them. He felt responsible for Cedric's death, too. Aside from that, his friends fully believed him. On Ron's side, it felt like he was still trying to make up for being a prat during the tournament. Hermione didn't question it. She believed him without a shadow of a doubt. He was grateful to them and the Weasleys, because people outside that circle were content to believe that he was actually 'The Heir of Slytherin' or 'Voldemort II'. They were wary of him. Hufflepuff House actually disliked him even more, not believing the farce of He-who-shall-not-be-named, even if the news came out of Dumbledore's mouth. Harry found himself with less friends and more enemies as he, once again, spent another summer with the dreaded Dursleys. Nothing much had changed since the years he knew them. Petunia still treated him like a plague that was spoiling their perfect family image. Vernon just didn't want him around. Dudley, well, he was still an idiot and turning out to be a much more disgusting bully than Harry pegged him for. He was in a park, a few blocks from his home, when Dudley stalked him down. Harry was still dealing with the fact that Voldemort was out there and that nobody was safe anymore. Dudley made his already foul mood worse with his attempt to bully him again. Harry was irritated and tempted to hex the big oaf. However, two Dementors forced a sudden haste for duel escape. Dudley had no idea why he was so scared, but Harry did. Unlike his cousin, he could see the flying soul eaters coming from far away. He acted quickly to save Dudley from being kissed, casting his Patronus Charm with everything he had. He hated Dudley with a passion, but even he wouldn't want the guy dying on his watch. Vernon and Petunia would surely blame him without pause for the death of their son. He felt unsafe in the alleyway that he found himself in after his run from the Dementors. Dudley was unconscious just a few metres from him, still in shock from the Dementor's attack. Harry sighed. He was tempted to leave Dudley to his own devices. But that wasn't the type of person he was. He wouldn't feel right acting like that. He started approaching his prone cousin, but he didn't take two steps before he heard a sinister hiss. "Stupify." It was said from behind him, and Harry had no time to react. He was knocked out cold in the next second. When Harry woke up, it was dark. The alley looked like the perfect spot for any criminal to use as a hideout. He groaned, feeling his head hurt just a bit. There was a lingering sensation on his scar, and Harry brushed it off and groggily got to his feet. He looked around, wondering how long he was out. Dudley was still where he was before, in the same position. Harry shook his head, surprised that the idiot hadn't woken up and run off already. He walked over to him, ready to just shake him to consciousness. But as soon as he stood over him, Harry froze. The hair on the back of his neck stood straight. His eyes widened and his mouth opened with no sound. Glassy eyes stared above. There was no indication of breathing: the chest was still. It was a clear indication for anyone stumbling on the scene. Dudley Dursley was dead on sight. Harry could not believe it. He just couldn't. It seemed like something out of horror movie. He crashed to his knees and grabbed Dudley's shoulders, inadvertently squeezing them as he shook his cousin frantically. "DUDLEY! DUDLEY, WAKE UP!" Harry was hysterical. He could not comprehend what he was seeing. A part of him wanted to refute the very notion of another person dying in the span of a few months. What could he do? How could he even begin to break the news to Vernon and Petunia? They would blame him, they would. Worse yet, he had no idea how this happened. He was attacked, by a wizard, and said wizard must have finished Dudley off. It was a terrible revelation. It forced him to act out and run to Privet Drive. He had a sinking feeling in his stomach. Something told him that Dudley wasn't the only target. No matter how horribly she treated him, Petunia was still his aunt by blood - the only blood relative he had left. He was not about to lose that; he just couldn't. As he approached his home, he noticed two cloaked figures outside the house. He, at first, thought that he might be dealing with Death Eaters. He drew his wand, hid it behind him and carefully approached. He didn't know if he was dealing with friend or foe. Honestly, the wizarding world made it really hard to trust strangers. One of them was a tall black man. He wore a small hat that barely covered his head. He looked serious, all business. The other person Harry recognised. It was Moody, the real Moody. Harry immediately felt relaxed. They spotted him. "Harry Potter. My name is Kingsley Shacklebolt, an Auror from the Ministry. I'm sure you're familiar with Alastor Moody." Harry nodded, not sure what else to say. "Would you mind coming with us to the Ministry, laddie?" Moody asked a bit too roughly. Harry was still confused on what was going on. Dudley had died and now two people from the Ministry had shown up. He was on edge. "W-what's going on?" he asked nervously. Kingsley and Moody shared a look; it was very brief. "We need to ask you a few questions," Kingsley said. "I can't leave. Dudley's dead. I think he was killed by Death Eaters!" Kingsley's eyes widened just a fraction. "Death Eaters?" Moody only stared hard at Harry. "Yes!" Harry screamed, a bit frantic. "I need to tell my aunt and uncle. I need to get them to safety." Kingsley's eyes grew cold. He shared another look with Moody and said, "Come with us. We'll deal with your aunt and uncle." "Dumbledore needs to see you immediately," Alastor added. Harry paused his retort. Dumbledore, of course. Yes, the Headmaster was just the person to talk to. He was so confused, still emotionally exhausted from internally grieving. He nodded then, allowing them to escort him. He was a bit apprehensive as they actually walked behind him, but didn't really say anything about it. "We're going to apparate. Although you're not old enough, the Ministry has given permission for this circumstance. We're not going all the way, but somewhere close enough." That... didn't make sense. From the way Moody phrased it, it seemed like there was a lot more going on than he knew. He jumped slightly when he felt both men grab either of his shoulders and the next thing he knew, he was staring straight at a telephone booth. It looked a bit out of place and well-unkempt. It seemed obvious that no one used it. Kingsley walked in first and motioned for Harry to follow him. Harry nervously looked at Moody, unsure of what to do or make of the situation. Apparating for the first time had made him dizzy, but his uncertainty was at the forefront. "It's alright. Go in with him," Moody responded, sensing his doubt. He followed and squeezed right in with Kingsley. It was somewhat a tight fit,