Hotel Paper [What were the last words you said to someone you love?] The Meadow is one of my favorite places in District Twelve, and I find myself there more often than anywhere else besides Peeta's and my house. After the war, it was turned into a mass gravesite, which I hated at first, but I came to realize that there's no better way to honor those that fell to the Capitol's wrath. Today, flowers bloom regularly and the grasses thrive in the cool weather. Peeta sits beside me, legs outstretched with one hand caressing mine. His prosthetic leg is hidden by his pants, but I can hear it when he moves. He had the option, years ago, to recreate his leg with synthetic tissue developed by the new Capitol's doctors, but he refused, saying that it was a part of him and a representation of a part of his life he didn't want to forget. "Katniss? Do you think we should go in soon? I don't want Rye to catch a cold again," Peeta says, still rubbing my hands in soothing, circular motions. I'm not even sure he knows he's doing it, since it's instinct for him to comfort me in any way possible. Taking a moment to consider the temperature, I shake my head no, wanting to leave a minute sooner than we have to. It'll be winter soon, and all our visits to the Meadow will be replaced by cozy nights huddled around the fireplace. "I think he'll be fine a little while longer," I tell him. "Rye's a strong boy, and it's not cold enough for him to get sick." "You're the healer," Peeta replies, looking at me with a hint of mirth in his eyes. It's a running joke between us that despite being able to shoot squirrels in the eye without any regrets, I can't stand the sight of human blood without feeling ill. With a scoff, I lightly punch him, knowing that it won't hurt him at all. "Healer. Right. We'll see how great of a healer I am the next time the kids scrape a knee," I say, grimacing at my usually sorry attempts to fix anyone up after an accident. I'm glad District Twelve has a fully functional, well stocked hospital, because anyone coming to me with a hope that I'd work some of my Everdeen magic would be sorely disappointed. "You did well enough the last time," he reminds me, bringing to the forefront of my mind a memory of a bawling Rye and a very guilty Celia. I still remember her mumbled apology and horror that she'd hurt her brother in some way. "All I had to do was bandage it, remember? It was - and these were your exact words - fool-proof," I say, glancing at him with a meaningful look. "Don't try tacking any skill onto that particular incident." "You healed me, though," he whispers, pulling me close to him. "Remember? I don't think you could consider that fool-proof at all - in fact, didn't the doctors warn me that I might never recover?" His expression is soft, radiating love for me. Some days I feel uncomfortable knowing that someone loves me as much as he does, but right now I'm content enough to accept it and hope that he knows how much I reciprocate. I lean into him, a smile tugging at my lips. Eighteen years ago, if someone had told me that I would be able to feel happiness again, I would have screamed at them before spending another listless day watching the days pass, one by one. After all, I was worse than dead. I didn't deserve anything good. But I've been happy for a long time - a formerly foreign concept to me. Watching Celia and Rye skip through the grass, chasing each other, reminds me what I have to be happy for. Celia is only eight, but she's wiser than I was at thirteen. It was obvious early on how much of Peeta she had inherited, besides her bright blue eyes. She spent countless days as a toddler sitting in a high chair in the kitchen, "helping" Peeta with bread or cookies. Today, she visits the bakery every day after school just to help her father, a gesture Peeta tells me he appreciates. At three, Rye is a natural troublemaker with an alarming tendency to find where I hide my bow and arrows. He takes after me, although he has an innate sweetness that I know can only be Peeta's, no matter how many times he assures me I can be a very nice person, when I get over the lethal part of myself. At the moment, he races after his sister on pudgy legs, giggling with delight as Celia flees from the stick he waves in his hands. "Slow down a little, Rye," I call to him, afraid that he'll slip and force me to tap into the non-existent healer portion of my brain. "And Celia, let your brother catch up to you. He's only three - there's no need to run like that." Celia pouts at me, but when I give her a stern look she turns back and waits till Rye is closer to her before setting off again at a slightly slower pace. "She's a sprinter, just like her mother," Peeta remarks, his eyes following Celia's progress around the Meadow. "Delly tells me that she's the fastest girl in her year, and not far behind some of the boys." "Of course she's a sprinter," I say, proud of her. She's modest to a fault, which is probably why I've never heard of anything like this. It makes it harder for Peeta and I to congratulate her on her accomplishments, but at the same time I'm glad she's as humble as Peeta is. "She's my daughter, after all." Our daughter. "Your daughter... so that must be a reason why she scowls at me just like you do." Peeta dodges my slap and laughs, resting his head against the tree behind him. "Sorry, love, couldn't resist. You have a beautiful scowl, Katniss, I promise. I wouldn't mind you scowling at me all the time." Of course, I scowl as soon as I hear this, making Peeta smile and brush the hair from my eyes. "You're just telling me that because I'll be annoyed if you tell me any differently," I say. "Or possibly because you're delusional enough to truly believe everything you say." "I do believe what I say - that's why I say it, Katniss," he replies. He squeezes my hand and touches my face gently. "You're beautiful, and I know I'm right." When he leans in, it feels as natural as breathing. Right after the war, I used to shy away from his kisses, but as time passed I found solace and stability in them, relying on them to anchor me to reality when I felt like the world was spinning out of control. Now, they're just an extension of our love for each other, and I let every emotion I feel run through me, hoping he can feel how happy I am to be there with him. He responds immediately, wrapping his arms around me. It's as intense as every other kiss we've shared - sweet and soft, but with the same passion that's been there for years. It's only when I feel myself beginning to run out of air and find myself unable to move that I realize that something is terribly, terribly wrong and I freeze, my lips still on his but now completely still. After a second of shallow breathing and Peeta's death grip, I push my panic away for a little later and carefully extract myself from his arms, using the strength I've maintained through hunting every day to pull away. "Katniss. Come back," Peeta says, but it's not his voice. It's Capitol-tampered Peeta, with his harsh, raspy voice and cloudy eyes. I know what's wrong as soon as I notice that I can't see the blue eyes I've come to associate with him. "Celia, can you take Rye home?" I ask, working to keep my voice controlled and at a reasonable volume. "You can go to Haymitch's house if you feel more comfortable with an adult, but please go there now. He'll know why you're there." Right before Celia was born, I forced Haymitch to promise he'd be there for our children if Peeta and I couldn't. At the time, the new Capitol wasn't as stable as it is today, so there was always the risk of a Capitol rebellion and skirmishes within the districts. Besides that, Peeta's flashbacks were much more regular eight years ago, and I needed to know that I could rely on Haymitch if necessary. "Looking after your kid can't be any harder than the ducks in my backyard," he had said, looking at me with what I could have sworn was a nervous expression on his face. "As long as she's quiet and doesn't try to grab the birds." It was his way of assuring me that Celia would always have someone else to go to outside of her parents, and I've needed to call up Haymitch multiple times since then. The last time, however, was before Rye's birth - over three years ago. I wonder if Haymitch can handle a toddler, but one look at Peeta tells me that the kids can't be here. Celia glances at her father, an expression of realization dawning on her face. "Let's go, Rye," she says, grabbing his hands and the stick he's holding and walking briskly off in the direction of our house. "Do you want to visit Uncle Haymitch?" I can't help but take a second and hate that Celia has to know the warning signs of a flashback, whereas other little girls her age worry about clothes and school. There's no time to dwell on Celia though, because Peeta's looking at me with a hint of longing on his face - longing to take a knife and plunge it into my back. Berating myself for not taking his pills with me - though how could I have anticipated something like this happening now ? - I take a step back and whisper in a reassuring voice. "Peeta, I'm Katniss. I've been married to you for thirteen years. We have two beautiful children, Celia and Rye, and you love baking with Celia. You say Rye takes after me, and you tell me that Celia's smirk is all mine," I say, starting off as I usually do - with our children. It usually works, because the Capitol never tainted those memories, but today he continues advancing towards me, the bloodthirsty look still haunting his eyes. " Mutt ," Peeta says, staring at me with a fierce intensity. "You're a mutt. You hurt children. You'll hurt me. I have to hurt you first." His fists are clenched by his sides, and I know it's a sign that he's fighting the urge to strangle me. "You're a mutt . Get away from me!" He stumbles backwards, struggling between lunging for me and retreating. "Please try to remember," I plead. "I love you. I love our children . I'd do anything to save you, Peeta. Anything . I'm Katniss, Peeta. You love me, and I love you. That's the way it's always been." I take a risk and grab his hands, squeezing them so he can't pull away. "Don't let them take you from me." Peeta looks down at our clasped hands, seemingly carrying on with an internal battle. "...Always," he murmurs, himself for just a second. "Always... I have to kill you," he says, throwing my hands to the side and growling at me. Shocked with tears running down my face, I back away slowly. Why didn't I take those pills? I haven't had to deal with Peeta's flashbacks in so long that I've forgotten how much of an effect they