Movies in the Month of May: Normandy Landing, based on the film Charlotte Gray. Part 1 of 3 War Times War changes everything: little things no longer matter; things that matter are magnified; people forget their own needs for the benefit of their country and for the service to those who need it most; professions changes; friendship turns into romance ... And a job that could cost your life, turns into love. I arrived in London to work on one of the many hospitals that were distributed throughout the city. I won't say that nursing was my passion, but in these troubled and cruel times, it was a job that made me feel useful and reconnected with my past. My father was a soldier on the 11th battalion of Cheshire, he fought during the WWI in the Battle of the Somme. A battle which was decisive to win the war against the Triple Alliance, formed by the army of Germany, Austria-Hungary and Italy. He was injured there and evacuated to a field hospital where a French nurse took care of him every second till he recovered his health. That nurse was my mother. My parent's love story wasn't really different from other stories lived during war, not even more romantic, but it was something that make that story unique because their love was brilliant and constant from the first to the last day, unfortunately that day happened when I was eleven and my father died in a coal mining accident. In 1939, with war sirens blaring across Great Britain– I decided to study nursing. Not because it was my calling. I'd say it was my sister Prim's vocation. But it was the right thing to do, as I felt my family owed so much to the health services community. So I found myself working at St. Bartholomew's, in the summer of 1942 I was living in an apartment in a nearby neighborhood with three other girls with very different personalities: Annie Cresta, Johanna Mason and Madge Undersee. Annie Cresta was shy and quiet, but the best nurse I've ever met. She was born in Ireland and her eyes were as emerald green as the land she was from. That physical feature was shared with his fiancé, Finnick Odair who she met at our hospital when he was slightly injured. Finnick worked in Intelligence and spent long seasons out of London Johanna Mason, was without a doubt the most sexually open-minded woman I've ever met, with dark and short hair, she was extremely hot. Every single night she slept with a soldier, or an official or a husband. Unfortunately my room was beside hers and I could say that sleeping was not their main activity, or their activity at all. But her most defined traits was her honesty and loyalty. Madge Undersee was tall, blonde and elegant, a classic English Lady with a distant beauty, but although her money and social status, she was kind and generous, enough generous to be in London risking her life instead of being in one of her multiples mansions in the safe countryside were German bombers couldn't get. My days were always the same: work, go shopping and sleep as much as I cold. Bombing were worst and more usual that summer, and the little hours you could sleep were like a gift. Most of the German raids were at night and they were terrifying, but as the days passed by you learnt to live with the possibility of death. Actually we witness somebody's death everyday at the hospital. So when Finnick got tickets for an exclusive New Year's Eve party, none of us said no, although neither of us but Johanna were fan of parties Our apartment, for a few hours turned into a commotion: dress rehearsal, curling irons, tights hang up everywhere and laugh... A lot of laugh. I was wearing a black plain dress with some white embroidery in the sleeves On top I wore a red coat and a hat of the same color that my sister gave me as a gift the Christmas before. I was about to go out when Madge stopped me. "Katniss, hold on a second" She called me as came near to me, "just the final detail," and taking out a red lipstick from her purse she put my lips on. "Now, you are perfect." When we finally caught the bus into town, all we could think of was the delicious food we would eat. We could be sure it would be different than our usual fare. Maybe there would even be caviar. "Caviar and champagne is an exquisite combination," Madge said highlighting her blue blood heritage. "I don't agree, I think it is overrated," said Johanna and the three of us stared at her surprised. "Really" Madge challenged her with a mischievous smile "And what is, due to,your extend knowledge the most exquisite gastronomic combination? "If you ask... I'd say according to my extended experience," Johanna said. With a dramatic pause, she stepped ahead and turned around to look at the three of us. "There is nothing like some eggs and a good English sausage". The three of us stood motionless before bursting into laughter, hands clutching our sides. Annie even had to sit on the curb after losing her balance. "Johanna! That's the most vulgar and disgusting thing I've ever heard! Madge said, though she couldn't quite stop laughing as she did it, Johanna didn't take it as a reprimand. The night started well, promising. In war, you need to create illusions and bubbles to stay alive, and at that point, there was a bubble covering London that looked busy and safe, it seemed like there was nothing to fear. We arrived when the party was already started. We could hear laughter and music, the atmosphere was somewhat veiled by the dim light and smoke cigars. Gold, indigo blue, red, yellow garish orange sunset ... Dresses of all colors were visible. I suddenly regretted my discreet black dress. Annie took my hand and squeezed sensing my unease, as she was shy too, I guess she was able to recognize the symptoms. I returned the squeeze grateful. Madge and Johanna split from us for a moment but returned quickly with four glasses of white wine while whispering and laughing. "Here," Madge said as she tended cups with a mischievous smile. "What were you laughing about?" Annie asked. "Look at your two o'clock" said Johanna without elaborating and motioning with her head. Annie and I look where our friends was pointing to us, in the opposite side of the room where a group of airmen who didn't conceal the fact that they were also watching us, but I didn't pay too much attention, I was more interested in the food and drinks, and I knew full well that RAF pilots were quite smug. They were the British Army elite, and they risked their lives literally in every airstrike they prevented, but still, their character didn't appeal to me especially, so as I was saying, I focused on some great Irish salmon canapes I had to hand, not even before the war I had tried salmon. "I don't get it Katniss," Johanna took me out of my reverie with angry voice. "What are you saying?" I answered not having a clue about what had I done to make her so angry. "Tall, dark, and handsome officer over there, won't stop looking at you," Madge said smiling, "and our dear friend Jo here had bet on him as her next conquest for this night." "As if Lady Undersee won't set her eyes on him, too" Johann replied upset "Great Katniss, he is coming now, if you don't take this opportunity, he is mine" "Gale Hawthorne?" I exclaimed surprised. "Hi Catnip, it's been a long time" he told me, warmth in his voice. "Oh my God! I didn't recognize you. How long has it been? "More than ten years but I would have recognized you even if it was twenty. You look lovely" I kept looking at him and couldn't help but blush. To be honest he wasn't bad at all either. Last time we saw each other, he was fifteen and I was thirteen. After our parents died, Gale and I became inseparable; both of us were the oldest in our family, so we consider ourselves as responsible of the well-being of our families. Gale had two small brothers: Rory and Vick and a mother, Hazelle, who was a fighter and worked hard, she didn't allow the pain to control her life and the life of her sons. My situation was the exact opposite so I became the head of our family at my young age, my mother died that day too, maybe not literally but figuratively. For a couple of years she was sick, depressed and apathetic and although, little by little, she recovered, she never was the same not her smile. Gale and I managed well: we hunted in our woods and sold the game to the butcher, we planted our own vegetable garden in the backyard of our house and we bought a goat and Prim made cheese. But the Hawthorne's left our small town in Derbyshire. That day day was sad, bitter and broke my heart again because I'd lost my best friend. But it was a great opportunity for Hazelle and her family. She found a well-paid job in London and they moved away and far from my life. Before I could answer him, I noticed a pinch in my arm. "Katniss, are you going to introduce us?" Johanna said blinking with a seductive tone. "Yes, of course. Let me introduce you, Gale Hawthorne..." but before I could continue Gale interrupted me. "Captain Gale Hawthorne" he said straighten while his face changed to a new one that I couldn't place, so different from the humble and scared boy I knew once. "Gale and I grew up together" I said ignoring his military rank "These are my friends: Annie Cresta, Johanna Mason and Lady Madge Undersee. We work together at the hospital and we share an apartment". Gale kissed their hands with a polite gesture but in no time he turned his gaze at me, a grey glance that was familiar and so similar to my mine. A gaze that was difficult to dismiss, it was so intense. "Maybe we could go to the balcony to catch up," said with a known smiling because he preferred to be outdoors too. He offered his arm and I accepted but before we could go very far Finnick stopped me. "Pardon, Katniss but the person I wanted you to meet is here. Can I introduce you to him? It will be only one moment. "Of course" I said reminding that Finnick has told me that his boss, Mister Heavensbee worked for the French Division and sometimes they needed interpreters "I'm sorry Gale. We might see each other later…" "Sure, I'll be here" He told me "This is a surprise; our fierce Katniss is not so fierce tonight." "Shut up, Finnick!" I cut him off, but my irate answer only encourage him to laugh at me. We stopped in front of a blond chubby middle-aged man who smiled placidly. "Plutarch, this is Karniss Everdeen. I haven't see Annie yet so I'll let you talk" Finnick said. Sometimes he could be a bother, some others charming but what he was always was devoted to his girlfriend. "Nice to meet you, Mr. Heavensbee" I said politely. "Nice to meet you too. Mr. Odair has told me that you're French" "That's incorrect. My mother is French and I've spent long periods there". "So, Do you speak French?" "Oui" I said smiling. "What do you think about what nazis are doing there?" "Part of my family is still there, Mr Heavensbee, so you can imagine I take the war very seriously". "Of course, where is your family now if you allow me