Katniss spent years hating winter. She hated winter since his father died during one, years ago. She hated winter because there was barely minutes of sun. She hated the winter because everything was frozen and she could not hunt. She hated winter because it was nearly impossible to go outside. She hated winter because while his work as a waitress in Abernathy's was not to bad, in these months it was barely tolerable and she was dying of boredom. In fact, she hated winter for another reason... but that reason was what she was trying to keep her mind away from. In any case, as every year the winter had come inexorably, and this time with a twist: Prim, her beloved little sister, had gone to Anchorage to begin a college intership as a doctor. And Gale, her boyfriend, had gone to the Northern Territory to work in the oil fields. Although ... maybe Gale was no longer her boyfriend. However, although she hated every winter she could not hate this one because, despite everything, was finally going to fulfill one of her dreams. Haymitch, his boss and the owner of Abernathy's among other businesses, had hired her to be the guide of a photographer from National Geographic, and Katniss had always dreamed of being a guide in Alaska, she felt free outdoors, but to get the qualification and license had cost her a lot of money and effort. Her priority had always been Prim dreams, and she dreamt about becoming a Doctor. Haymitch's story was worth telling. He had come to Alaska with pockets lined with money and drunk as a skunk. aboard of one of those cruises for well-off tourists crossing from Vancouver to Whittier, in the Kenai Peninsula. His wife, Mayselee, had abandoned him after winning the lottery and although the money was divided equally, he never recovered from his "stroke of luck" considering that he loved her deeply. After that he turned to drink and he took a ship to north. When he arrived here, he decided to stay after one night watching the aurora borealis. He said that he had finally found something that surpassed Mayselee's beauty and then she would be easier to forget. And so, the National Geographic was coming to Fairbanks to photograph Aurora Borealis in several parks and most scenic places. She had argued with her ex boyfriend about it. Katniss kept thinking back to the last discussion she had with Gale: " Oh, of course you are not going anywhere!" "What are you talking about, Gale?" "I'm talking about you going off with a photographer for two months… alone. That's what I'm talking about" "I cannot believe what I'm hearing. Are you jealous? Because this is funny, you go out every year to the northern platforms and, are you trying to tell me that there are no women there?" "That doesn't matter. I love you and I am faithful" replied Gale obstinate. "And what the hell does that mean?" she answered more sorrowful than angry. "That's the question, Catnip ... you have never told me" he said with sadness' tone. For a moment it softened her heart. But that feeling lasted only for a few seconds because she was hurt with his doubts. She had been faithful the whole time they had been together and of course she loved him! They had been together for several years now and they had shared a lot of experiences. He had almost been her "first" in a bunch of things: her first serious boyfriend, her first lover, her first apartment with a couple "So?" "So, today it is not going to be that day either." She slammed out of the apartment they had shared for six months and when she returned, he had already packed up and flown north. But now, she didn't only think about her conversation with Gale that day because of the result but because that conversation reminded her everything where he hadn't been her first. He was not her first date or her first kiss... and definitely he was not her first love. She took her green coat, the one her sister usually said that it could be seen from space due to its color, because everything in Alaska was white during winter except her coat , and headed to Abernathy's, under the first snowflakes that falling this season. Today she was going to meet with their client. The route was quite simple: first they would go to Valdez, where in addition to photograph the Northern Lights, they expected to photograph orcas, then they would go via the Glenn Highway to Denali National Park where they got a special permission to enter out of season and to camp at Wonder Lake where they would hopefully see caribous, moose and wolves. Last but not least, they would go north to Fairbanks, which was the worldwide capital of the Auroras Borealis and even further to photograph polar bears. The trip was planned to last between two and three months depending on how lucky they were and depending too not only on atmospheric phenomena but with wildlife viewing. When she arrived to Abernathy's, she was surprised as always about the darkness that reigned in the establishment. It was one of his trademarks. Haymitch said it was because it gave privacy to his customers but Katniss had always thought it had more to do with his boss dislike to clean up. She glanced around the pub looking for Haymitch behind the counter, his usual spot, but she saw him seated at the back of the room, facing her. He was accompanied by someone who had her back turned to her. Katniss started walking towards them, when suddenly something familiar about the blond hair of the stranger and his broad shoulders took her breath away and stopped abruptly. It can't be, she told herself, it's completely impossible. Get over it already, Everdeen, you've heard nothing from him for more than ten years. But she continued to stand in the same place, until Haymitch noticed her and motioned for her to approach . She started walking again but without the steady pace that characterized her. She felt a little dizzy possibly due to her anxiety. The blond man, presumably the National Geographic's photographer, didn't turn around at any time, so Katniss couldn't check whether her apprehensions were well founded or not. Making an effort to not look to him when she walked by his side, she approached first to Haymitch and left the unknow man behind her. "Hey, I thought we had to meet in fifteen minutes." "Yes, but our client came early. Let me introduce you, this is Peeta Mellark, Katniss" Katniss turned around at the very moment in which Haymitch pronounced his name. She was met by a pair of blue eyes and with a smile that she remembered as if it were only yesterday, although she had managed to bury him in her mind. But ten years had transformed his teenage face in a sharp-featured man. If Peeta at fifteen was handsome, now he had become into an irresistible man. "Haymitch, we need to talk" and before the older man could utter a syllable, she said "Now." They went to Haymitch's office which was behind the counter. More than an office, it was a small and dirty room full of bills and empty bottles. "What's the matter? Are you angry with the world?" Haymitch asked resignedly. "No. Well, yes. What I mean is that I cannot do this work Do you know who is that out there?" Katniss said emphatically pointing to the door. "Yes, he is a client, and a client that pays pretty well" "No," she replied as if he did not understand anything "That out there is Peeta Mellark." "Tell me something I don't know, sweetheart," Haymitch said, raising his eyebrows in amusement. "Haymitch, try to understand. Peeta Mellark, that one Peeta Mellark broke my heart. In fact it would be more correct to say that he ripped it into small and tiny fragments. "He abandoned me, do you understand?" "When was that? Because either you have it well hidden or it was centuries ago. I don't know the boy." "Look, Katniss," he said suddenly getting serious "I need that money. So get over it or leave the work and I will find someone else." "Okay, I'll tell you tomorrow ..." "Not sweetheart, it does not work that way, you have ten seconds," Katniss looked at him in horror but her glance did not scare Haymitch who continued his countdown "nine, eight, seven..." To her desperation Katniss had accepted before the man could reach to five. The truth is that she also needed this job. "Okay, I accept. But it will be on my terms." "I am not the one you have to discuss details with... you should talk to the boy." And with that, Haymitch dismissed her from his office and Katniss had no choice but go and talk to Peeta again. But even if she had agreed to be her guide, she'd make clear that this trip was only a business trip. Anyway, who are you fooling, Katniss? He was the one who left you, you would have walked to the moon for him, and with those thoughts she sat before him. "Hey ... how's everything?" "Let's go to the point, Mellark. I'll be your guide, but we need to talk about some rules before." "I thought the customer was the one who set conditions," he said with a mischievous smile. "Usually yes, but not this time." "And what is so different this time?" Peeta asked again knowing he was walking on a thin ice. But he would not allow her to have the last word as always ... like ten years ago. It was true that he left but he was fifteen for God's sake. What does she think he could do? Challenge his parents? Precisely Katniss knew that his mother was not the easiest person in the world. "You" said Katniss, staring into his eyes possibly for the first time since they'd started talking, "You and the way you turn up here ten years later as if nothing had happened." Peeta remembered those gray eyes and that strong and determined look as if it were only yesterday the last time he saw her. It was one of the things that had always fascinated him, but now he couldn't find anything more in her eyes, not the love she felt for him once. That thought turned his stomach. When he was told who was his guide, he felt an absurd happiness and he felt hope too but during the whole time he tried to control his expectations. Unfortunately, he was right on the last part. So he accepted the fact that Katniss had not forgiven him and that she didn't feel what he still felt. He thought that to spend some time with her, was better than nothing. He even thought that maybe, sometime in the next two months, he would get her to laugh for a second, and that would be reward enough. "Okay Katniss, whatever you say. I don't wanna make this harder for either of us." "This is business, strictly business and we won't keep small talk or we won't talk about the old days or about our lives during this time. I don't want to know anything about your family, or your brothers or if you have a pet or ..." but before uttering the next word it was choked in her throat. Katniss looked down at his hands, expecting to find a wedding ring in one of his fingers, but to her relief, because although she did not want to admit it, that is what she felt, she saw that he was not wearing any, "or a girlfriend." "I agree with your conditions, I can do it. you don't have to worry I will be able to control myself." "All right