Disclaimer: Iown nothing of LOTRs and make no money from this fic. Shawn, Ashley, and Andre are mine, however, and cannot be used without my permission. Warnings: None yet. There will be no romance or extreme violence in this fic. A/N: Suilaid , readers! This is my first LOTRs fanfic and is very AU. I have always enjoyed the modern day fics and decided to try my hand at one. I do not think this fic will be very long; not much more than four chapters, I think. I hope you all enjoy! Fateful Knowledge – – – – – – – – Chapter One: Friends and Suspicions Legolas parked his silver Pontiac and climbed out into the warm evening air. He walked up to his house, a modern log cabin, savoring the sweetness of the air and listening to the songs of the birds. The sound of the creek called him and the trees whispered their welcomes. He glanced up at the thick green branches above him and returned the greetings with a smile. He sprang up the porch steps two at a time and unlocked the door, stepping into the coolness. With a bark and a wagging tail, his golden retriever, Evenstar, jumped up and placed her paws on his chest and attempted to lick his face. Laughing, he ruffled her ears and pushed her down. "Easy now, girl," he said fondly. "I missed you, too." Evenstar gave him a doggy grin and pranced toward the stairs, ready for their usual ritual. He followed her, and together they raced up the stairway, Legolas reaching the top a second before the dog and grinned down at her. "I beat you this time." Evenstar took the defeat gracefully and simply wagged her tail. Shaking his head, Legolas opened his bedroom door. For a moment, he just stood there, lost in memories. There was a royal but plain elegance to the room, and it was carefully designed after his former room in his father's palace. His bow, the one he had received from Galadriel, hung on the wall above the intricately engraved headboard of the bed alongside his knives. He had come such a long way from his former life… He stepped forward, jarring himself from the pensive thoughts he knew would bring painful memories. This was not Middle Earth, or even Valinor for that matter, this was America. No more was he known as Prince Legolas of Mirkwood, but as Lance Lasgalen, FBI agent. He walked across the wood floor and sank down on his bed, staring at the bow and wondering how long it had been since he had drawn it. Fully a decade, probably. Everything had been so busy since he had returned from Valinor. He did not know why he had returned. Perhaps, it was just that he missed the world he had grown up in. Perhaps, he had just need the excitement and adventure which the undying lands did not have. Nearly a thousand years had passed since he had returned, and the world had changed around him, moving on in science and technology and forgetting the things that meant the most. Things like family and friends were laid aside in exchange for money and prestige, and the world of men grew more and more corrupt. With a small sigh, he stood and quickly changed from a business suit into faded jeans and a tee shirt. After another moment of contemplation, he crossed to a chest and dug through its contents. Fishing out a pair of arm guards, he laced them on and grabbed his bow. Pausing out of habit to make sure his shoulder length hair covered his ears, he started for the stairs, snagging his quiver on the way out. He would always be himself, no matter how the world changed. Five minutes later, he stood scowling at the paper target he had hastily tacked to a five gallon bucket. He could never have imagined how out of practice one could get in one short decade. He had missed the bull's eyes by three inches! He couldn't believe himself. Blue eyes flashing, he drew and notched a second arrow, taking more care with his aim. Holding his breath, he released the shaft, watching with dissatisfaction as it lodged itself two inches from the center. Sending the innocent paper another glare, he reached for a third arrow. "You know, Lance, if looks could do the intent of their giver, that paper would be ash now." Legolas spun around, arrow notched and pointed at the new comer. Then he quickly lowered it. "Shawn, do not frighten me so," he complained, turning away from the grinning young man and setting his attention back on the target. He knew he should feel embarrassed, as no one had managed to surprise him for a number of decades, but he was too frustrated at the moment. "I apologize," Shawn said, sauntering over, hands deep in his pockets. His grey eyes studied the bow thoughtfully. "I did not know you did archery." Legolas ignored him for the moment, not moving his gaze from his target. Pretend it's an yrch, he told himself. Pretend you are saving Estel for the 107 th time. Smiling slightly at the thought, he drew back the string and fired. His smile widened as the arrow struck the center, and without pausing, he fired again, splitting the first arrow in two. He glanced at a gaping Shawn and laughed. "Yes, I have been doing it my whole life." Shawn grinned. "I see. Well, are you going to come?" "Come where?" Legolas answered inattentively, studying the fletching of one of his arrows. "The gamer party, Mr. Absent Minded Professor," Shawn retorted playfully. "Don't tell me you forgot about it. Everybody else from collage will be there." Legolas blinked, suddenly remembering. "Oh, yes," he answered quickly. "Let me grab my arrows, and I'll be ready." He jogged across the green grass, resisting the urge to bend down and run his hands over the softness. It so often reminded him of the grass in his favorite glade in Ithilien. Keep you mind in the present, he reprimand himself. Just relax and have fun tonight. He did not know why he felt so out of things tonight. Perhaps the stresses of work were getting to him. He sighed, pulling the arrows carefully from the target and placing them in the quiver. He had once thought that Middle-Earth was dangerous and stressful, and at times, it had been, but it in no way compared to the modern world. The thought of Middle-Earth caused a fresh wave of sorrow and melancholy to wash over him. The face of one always floated before in his mind's eyes when he thought of that long changed place. Estel. Despite his friend's habits of picking up every odd name which crossed his path, Legolas always thought of him by his childhood name. Hope. For he had been hope for both elves and men, a shinning ray of light which rent the darkness and brought life and joy. Fresh, agonizing grief washed over him again, as his friend's last moments flashed through his mind once more. Only the awareness that Shawn's eyes were on his back kept him from breaking down into tears. Immortality was a curse, he thought somewhat bitterly. He lived on while his mortal friends died around him, leaving him alone. For many centuries since his return from Valinor, he had been careful never to form attachments with anyone, afraid of feeling afresh the pain of loosing a friend. Then came Shawn and gang. They had wormed in through his defenses and befriended him despite his attempts at aloofness and refusal to speak of his past. They naturally thought him to be in his early to mid twenties and worked their hardest to get him to do things which many young men his 'guessed' age did. Such as play Xbox 360. It was an astonishing waste of time to game, but Legolas participated because they loved it and because he had all the time in the world anyway. The last thought earned a bitter smile. "Lance? Are you alright?" Shawn's concerned voice broke into his thoughts, and a hand was placed on his shoulder, making him wonder how long he had stood lost in memories. For a moment, Legolas did not reply but placed his hand on the bark of a tree, drawing upon its strength as he listened to its soothing whispers. Finally, he hid his emotions under an easy smile and turned back to his friend. "I am alright," he said quietly. "I was just thinking. I'll put the bow and quiver in the house quick." Turning from a rather puzzled Shawn, he ran up the hill to the front of the house and gently laid the precious bow on the table with the quiver. His fingers lingered on the wood, and memories once more threatened to take him over, but the sound of a car on the driveway outside rescued him. Evenstar ran to the door and barked eagerly, bursting out as soon as he opened it. Two identical faces stared back at him as two identical figures slammed shut the doors of a yellow corvette. Two identical pairs of grey eyes sparkled, and two identical voices rang out. "Legolas!" A moment later, he was crushed in the embraces of the twins. A bit startled, Legolas returned their embrace, hissing in an ear, he wasn't sure whose, "It is Lance Lasgalen, and I have a guest!" The two immediately let him go and glanced quickly around before satisfying themselves that there was no one yet in sight. "We have not seen you in forever," one Legolas tentatively identified as Elrohir said. Elladan?? snorted. "You must be half mortal if you think that twenty years is a long time, little brother." Legolas laughed, glad indeed to see the two who had insisted on coming with him on his return journey from Valinor. They looked different now, in jeans and polo shirts with their dark hair cut shorter than his own but still covering their ears. "What trouble have you been stirring since we last met?" he asked eagerly, leading them over to the porch, Shawn temporarily forgotten. "Start with the names you are going by now." "Daniel and Rowen Rivendell," Elladan answered, leaning against the wood railing as Elrohir sat beside Legolas. "That way you can still call us Dan and Ro. Rivendell is because we because we through Imladris would be slightly difficult for a last name." "Perhaps you were just unable to get any more unique," Legolas prodded. "Now tell me everything that has befallen you." "We haven't got into any trouble," Elrohir insisted, seeming slightly miffed. "We never get into trouble; it always finds us." Legolas raised an eyebrow, carefully copying Lord Elrond, and the twins laughed despite themselves. "Well, ada ," Elladan said with mock meekness, "I suppose we have gotten ourselves into a few unpleasant situations…" "…but we escaped without compromising our identity," Elrohir finished, grinning at Legolas. "We had great fun since we left you, though. We went to Paris, London, Vienna, skied in the Alps, explored the ruins in Greece, went to Rome, Jerusalem, Berlin –" "You would love the Alps, Legola – Lance," Elladan interrupted his twin. "Lots of space and forests. Plenty of trees to talk to." Legolas shoved him lightly. "I've been there, and the trees no longer speak." A shadow fell over his face and swallowed the brief lightheartedness. "Few do anymore. Most have fallen asleep." Elrohir laid a comforting hand on his shoulder and seemed about to speak when Elladan exclaimed, "Ah, here comes your guest, Lance. " Legolas glanced over to see Shawn round the corner, the perplexed expression on his face increasing when he saw the twins. Legolas rose and gestured at him. "Hey, Shawn, these are my friends Daniel and Rowen Rivendell. Dan and Ro, this is my