AN: Omg guess what? I'm back! It's been around a year hasn't it? Whoa. I swear I'm not a childish brat any more haha. Oh and my other story "The Cameras Are Always There" has had more than 120k views! I can't believe so many people have checked out my story! I know one person could have viewed it 1k times but who cares, either someone is obsessed with my story or a lot of people have seen it. Either way; I'm so happy! And I've decided to write a new fanfic about my new oc career! Hope you enjoy it guys! Also I might be doing another chapter of TCAAT even though I said it was completed. Tell me what you think about that idea and also this new story! Chapter 1: The Reaping Day I was sleeping peacefully. Actually, I wouldn't say sleeping. Dreaming. I was dreaming peacefully, about President Snow placing an elegant crown on my head as everyone cheered me on. Of course the crown was only meant for one person and one reason; the hunger games victor. The winner of the hunger games. The last person standing in the hunger games. Anyway you wanted to say it, it was the same. Back to the story, as President was about to hold my arm up as a sign of victory, I woke up. Not because my body had decided I've had enough sleep, no. But my stupid bloody alarm. *ring ring* "What the hell! Shut up you frickin clock!" I whack my alarm clock forcefully that it almost breaks. Even though it shuts up, I'm still not done with it. "I hate this thing!" I start banging on it with my arm until it falls into pieces. I hear a rush coming up the stairs and suddenly my bedroom door opens, my brother looking worried. "Hayden! What's going on?!" My brother Aiden yells as he starts to breathe heavily with his cheeks all flushed. He needs to get fit again, seriously. "This alarm clock won't shut up." I growl, glaring at the now broken alarm clock. "Well, press the button at the top softly. Not break it you freak. That cost me money!" Aiden shouts. He's such a drama queen. "Stop being a drama queen. I got it for my birthday from our stupid cheap Aunty who decided to move to district 1 because she thinks she's better than us. And look-" I grab a piece of the alarm clock with the price tag on it, marking '$2'. I remember keeping the price tag to remind myself what a cheap aunty we have who won't spend so much as a cent on me. "Even if you did buy it, it cost absolutely nothing." I glare at him just so he knows I don't give a crap about this alarm clock. "Oh that aunty." Aiden mumbles under his breath before opening his mouth again; "Did you hear she changed her name to sparkle? District 1 is even starting to find that name lame." Aiden does a light stretch before making his way out of my room. Before he takes his final step out of my room, he slightly shouts because of his loud voice; "Oh and the alarm was on because today is reaping day." Aiden shuts the door and I hear him walk down the stairs. I almost completely forgot. Wouldn't the alarm be already broken if I had it on every day? Wouldn't have I gotten sick of it? Today was my first time actually making use of that filthy gift that could have possibly been from the slum bags of district 12. "Yes! It's reaping day! It's my day!" I jump up and down on my bed from my excitement. I was this year's chosen volunteer. Being 16, they should only pick me in two years time. But since I'm just so frickin talented, I got picked this year. "I should probably visit the training academy before the reapings." I whisper to myself. I put on a crop top that shows off a bit of my stomach and some black shorts I would usually wear to training. I put on my runners that have pink neon laces that draw a lot of attention. I then go to my on suite and look in the mirror. There are some imperfections I admit. But I'll just wait until before the reapings before applying makeup I guess. So I decide to just tie my hair up in a high pony tail then make my way to the kitchen where I can hear noises. "She can go and die for all I care!" "Why don't you go die you piece of shit!" "You can't speak to me like that! I'm your mother!" "Don't you dare call yourself that! Another reason I'm sad Hayden is leaving is because I'm stuck with you all by myself!" "I'm better than that dumb bitch!" "You want to fight you stupid-" I walk into the kitchen. The thing that gave birth to me and my brother Aiden. At it. Again. "Can you both shut the hell up please?" I walk pass them not acknowledging any of them on the way to the fruit bowl on the white kitchen bench. I grab an apple then turn around to look at both of them. "Regan don't call me a dumb bitch or if you do one more time we'll see who looks like one after a little 'chat'. " I say in an aggressive voice. "You don't call me Regan, you call me mum!" She yells in her nasty voice. I swear it sounds like a cat dying. "You're not my mother you're the thing that gave birth to me. There's a difference, actually." I take a bite out of my apple chewing on it slowly. I glance over at Aiden to see him staring at me, head to toe. "Why are you wearing that top? It shows some of your stomach Hayden." "Build a bridge and get over it Aidey. I know you care about me and all but it's a really hot day and all." I lie. Well it was half a lie. It is a really hot day today. I throw my arms up in the arm and yawn before jogging to the door. "Going to the training academy. I'll see you before the reapings Aideybear. And Regan? If I die in the arena, the highlight will be that I never get to see you again." I slam the door and start running to the training academy. It's a bit far but I like to keep fit. Now you're probably wondering why my brother and I have a lot of hatred towards the thing that gave birth to me. The thing I refuse to call "mum". Well, if you haven't noticed I have no dad. He's dead, well to me. He moved to the capitol to get away from our family. I remember when I was 6, and I heard him say before taking his final steps out the door; "I'm leaving mainly because of that little brat Hayden! She's a rat! She turned our lives upside down Regan! She doesn't do what she's told! She's an embarrassment on the streets! She's going to grow ugly when she's older! I hate her! I'm leaving this fucking hell hole!" So I guess you could say it was my fault he left. And you may think it's weird he'd leave because I was apparently ugly and a rebel. But that isn't the actual reason he left. But that's what Regan heard about me, and since she loved him so much even after he left her, she believed everything he said. She treated me like trash. Aiden wasn't like that though. He turned against Regan for me. You might be wondering what the real reason was why my father hated me, but right now we're at the training academy and I might explain later. " Why is she so sexy?" " I need to bang her mate." " She is so hot." " She can come in my bed any day." I hear the comments that the boys are muttering and whispering to each other and I blow a kiss at them all. It immediately drives them crazy. "Hayden!" I turn around and see my best friend Bridgette jump on me. Her almost white blonde hair gets in my mouth and I spit it out disgustingly. "Your hair tastes like crap." I try to spit at her playfully but she dodges anyway. "Hey! It does not! Some accidentally got in Nico's mouth last night and he said it tasted fine." I stare at Bridgette in disbelief and my face looks horrified. I mean I love Bridgette and all. She's amazing. But her stupid boyfriend is so disgusting. Actually, I would expect a creepy comment from him like that. "Oh that's…nice. I'm just going to go do a obstacle course or whatever it's called." I walk over to the starting line of this course every career has the option of doing before volunteering. I see everyone's eyes glued onto me. I'm still very confident and run to the wobbly bridge. I make my way over it quickly then climb some ropes. Climbing is one of my best abilities. I then see some dummies and bows and arrows. I grab the bows and arrows and knock out the dummies with accuracy. All bows in the heart. Bulls eye. I then get onto the next task and everyone continues to watch. After a bit of sweat and tears (not literally of course) I finish the obstacle course. Everyone claps then I smile cockily; "Why are we clapping? We all knew I could do it in a heartbeat." I run my hand through my hair before going to grab a drink bottle. I have a chat with my trainer Alice before chugging the water down quickly. I then see one of my friends, Harry, coming my way. "Hey Hemmings. My little midget. Not afraid to show off are ya?" Harry laughs and I smirk. "I'm not that short! And course not Harry. You know me; honest as always. So who's the male volunteer?" I search around the room before he even mentions a name. "Ryder Greystone. Tough one aye. Makes sense they picked him this year." I search around the room with my eyes one more time to see Ryder. He isn't anywhere to be found. But I remember seeing him around before. "He may look tough but I don't reckon he actually is." "What are you saying Hayden? Jealous?" Harry teases me and pokes his tongue out at me. I shake my head and chuckle. "Seriously Harry. Ryder? A poser. He's fake. He has the power, he can knock out any dummy, but he doesn't actually want to. He doesn't have the mind to do any of this. He may have the ability and the strength, but not the mind. You could do better than him." "Is that a compliment? Or an insult?" Harry looks absolutely clueless. The look on his face makes me laugh. I suddenly remember I have to get ready by a certain time, so I check the clock on the wall. Yep, it's time. "I should probably head back to get ready now Harry. And it's a compliment. I think." I snicker and he gives me a quick peck on the lips before saying good bye and walking away. I don't expect anything less from a man whore like him but he's still one of my closet friends. "Remember to look sexy Haydey!" I hear Harry yell while smirking and laughing. I laugh and wave back at him before grabbing Bridgette's arm as she gasps, since she was having a make out session with her creepy boyfriend Nico. "We're leaving to get ready for the reapings now say bye to Nico-" she barely had time to say bye as I dragged her out of