Tonight Draco was the walking depiction of debonair. He wore expensive dress robes and a decently-sized, non-obnoxious top hat. He had rather gone without the hat, but aside from the fact that he was playing by the rules, his platinum blond hair was a dead giveaway as to who he was and that was the last thing that he wanted. The black mask he slipped over his eyes would do the rest of the work, and Draco smiled at his reflection once he was through. For the first time in almost three years he would be able to walk about without scrutinizing stares. He could get away from the whispers. He could feel… normal . He would relish in tonight and make the most of it because by this time tomorrow he would be back to feeling as alone on the inside as he was on the out. With a sigh, Draco left his dorm and strolled through the empty common room until he made it through the portrait. Even though Slytherin was quite a ways from the Great Hall, music from the masquerade-themed ball could be heard clear as day. A spell, most assuredly, and he smiled even more at the frivolity that lived in the air. The corridors radiated with a festive feel as its ceilings had been bewitched like the Great Hall's. It reflected a cloudy night, but from those clouds came a light cascade of snow that slowly trickled to the ground and landing on Draco's shoulders. The ground itself was clean of any snow, but the ambience wasn't diminished by it. Draco continued along, shaking his head every now and again to rid himself of the memories that the halls were forcing him to remember. Not tonight, he feverishly thought to himself. Tomorrow he could remember all the terrible things he'd done within and to the school. Tomorrow he could dwell on the fact that despite knowing the ostracism he would incur from returning to Hogwarts to finish out his seventh year at age twenty-one, that he came anyway. Tomorrow he would brood over the fact that there was still five more months left to endure the hell he'd willingly walked into. "Smile, mate!" Draco hadn't even realized he'd been frowning. The unfamiliar voice that had called out to him belonged to another seventh year he couldn't make out due to his own mask. The boy had clapped a hand on his back while passing and then continued on his way into the Great Hall with his date. Despite the temporary distraction from his thoughts, they were back again, and so was the deepening of his frown. A deep breath entered and left his lungs as he plucked up the courage to follow his classmate's lead and enter the transformed Great Hall. His smile returned once he had, and he suddenly felt transported back to the Yule Ball. Students were laughing joyously. Others were getting punch. Couples were dancing to a disembodied orchestra. Draco observed it all. He cautiously made his way further into the Great Hall, afraid as though someone would recognize him and shoo him out of the ball that was designed to bring students closer. Houses, more specifically. Although the war had been a little over three years prior, this was the first year that Hogwarts was able to reopen its doors. Even with magic it had still taken the better part of a year and a half to get the school up and running again –to rid of the debris, to rebuild, to replace staff who had died. Students who had been unable to complete their seventh year –either by not voluntarily returning to a school run by Deatheaters, or unable to return because of a destroyed castle –had been offered to come back and do just that. Other students who had gone to Beauxbatons or Durmstrang for the time being gleefully returned to their precious Hogwarts. And then of course there was the new group of first years. With the war very fresh in everyone's minds, there was a true sense of camaraderie among everyone except with Slytherin House. The other three Houses got along famously well, but when it came down to the slippery House, everyone grew cold and distant. That was the reason behind the masquerade ball. It was ingenious, really. To have every student wear a mask, concealing who they really were, there were no Houses here. There were no sides to take here. There were just people. Students. Students having a good time and Draco standing among them. Draco smiled once again, more to himself than for anyone's benefit, but it had somehow gathered the attention of a young woman standing near a buffet table full of sweets. He thought of her as a woman, and not a girl, because of the way she carried herself. She was enjoying the ball, yes, but it wasn't in a giddy, childlike way. She held a certain type of grace and poise that could come from nothing but experience and Draco concluded that she had to have been like him –someone who had come to finish out their seventh year because the war had prevented them in the past. Whoever she was had locked eyes with him and she blushed. Draco's smile had morphed into a small "o" and for the first time in his life he was rendered speechless. She was, in truth, very pretty. Due to the nature of the ball, only her eyes, lips, and general curve of her body could tell him that she was. It was enough. He swallowed once, finding his throat dry. She was a vision in white, reminding him very much of a swan. A white, spaghetti-strapped dress adorned her and, in truth, there was nothing spectacular about it. Regardless it fit her body like a glove until it hit her waist, and flowed gently to the ground and swayed when she moved. Attached to her back were white feathered wings and her mask was feathered as well. The most striking thing about her were her lips. They were pouty and colored a deep pink. He imagined how soft they had to be and nearly tripped over himself, lost in thought, as he started walking over. "Oh, Hermione, you look great!" Ginny exclaimed as she stared at her friend. Hermione smiled as she stood at the top of the stairs leading down from the girls' dormitory. She had kicked the redhead out of their shared bedroom because she had been absolutely never-wracking to have in the room with her. Ginny was more in tune with these types of things –dresses, makeup, hair, etc. She had assumed that Hermione wouldn't know heads or tails what to do with herself for the ball tonight, but she wasn't a total loss. Her white gown she'd gotten herself. The wings, the mask, she'd done herself as well. Her hair, less bushy, tamed curls, all piled neatly on top of her head, she'd found the appropriate potions herself. Hermione only had one question and she was currently working up the courage to ask Ginny about it as she hit the final stair. "The lipstick?" She asked as she rubbed her hands together anxiously. "It's not too dark, is it?" Ginny smiled as she took her friend's hand in hers. "It's lovely, Hermione. Besides, this is a masquerade ball. This is the time to accentuate every asset as possible. If those lips don't get you a boyfriend tonight, then I don't know what will." Hermione rolled her eyes as she laughed. "I'm not looking for a boyfriend, Ginny." "A one night stand then?" "Ginny!" Ginny laughed hysterically as she began pulling her along. "Oh, my saint of a friend. Just remember one thing tonight, will you? No one will know who you are. Don't be afraid to do something a little…not you." A little not me… Hermione thought to herself as she and Ginny walked arm-in-arm towards the Great Hall. She could only chuckle at that notion because she could never not be who she was. She wasn't spontaneous. She wasn't adventurous. She preferred to play life as safely as possible, especially after coming out of a war with far fewer bodily and emotional scars than she could've ever imagined. Tonight she had intended to be a voyeur; to be a fly on the wall as she watched the rest of Hogwarts mingle and forget about the invisible lines that divided them. Although, she did promise Ginny that if a guy asked her to dance that she wouldn't turn him down. She only hoped that no one would ask. She absolutely hated dancing. "The Great Hall looks beautiful." Hermione smiled broadly as she took in the massive room. It was bathed in white with the snow that fell from the ceiling and littered the ground. She instantly thought of the Yule Ball from her fourth year and was happy that the odds of a repeat of what happened that year were zero. She had no date (unless she counted Ginny) and neither Ron nor Harry was there or at Hogwarts at all. Sadly, only she out of the three were interested in finishing their final year. Harry had been fast-tracked into the Auror training program and had become one in record time. Ron was helping George run the joke shop and certainly didn't need another year of school to be efficient at it. Hermione on the other hand, although she could have easily gotten a job at the Ministry or anywhere she wished, lived for completeness. She'd worked hard for six years at Hogwarts and would be damned if a war stopped her from taking that last step. That's why she was here, and she was quite proud to be. "I swear all of Honeydukes is sitting at this table." Ginny said as her eyes poured over the large array of sweets. Hermione had to agree. "If my parents could see this they'd highly disapprove." Hermione replied, trying to figure out what she'd like first while simultaneously wondering if whatever she ate would disturb her lipstick. She eventually sighed and decided not to eat anything just yet. Instead she let her gaze wander over to the growing crowd of students until her eyes stopped altogether on someone on the other side of the room. He was smiling, dazzlingly she might add, with perfect white teeth that would make any dentist proud. He was striking. There was simply no other way to describe it. The way he carried himself, alone, off to the side and seeming to be surveying the ball-goers, let her know that he had to be someone like her –returning to finish out their year that they'd missed. He wore black robes and a modest top hat. His mask was black as well and Hermione couldn't help but think that his skin shined like porcelain against the black backdrop that was his clothes. She suddenly felt self-conscious in her white. She didn't quite expect for the Great Hall to be drenched in the color and she thought that she must've blended in with the surroundings. Just when she was about to look away, he noticed that she was staring and immediately she blushed. Her cheeks rouged even further when she saw that his jaw had slowly dropped. Was he…? Did he really…? Had he found her…? "Ginny," Hermione breathed. Her voice was barely above a whisper, her vocal chords betraying her as every syllable seemed to catch in her throat. "That guy over there isn't really…looking at me , is he?" Ginny's attention snapped to hers quickly and she eagerly began looking in the direction Hermione had been staring. She smiled then. "Oh, yes he is. And he's coming this way too!" Hermione's heart quickened. Her mysterious voyeur was indeed taking clear, purposeful steps in her direction, and the closer he grew, the more erratic her heart seemed to get. "Ginny," she whispered, but there