First Year Finding the platform wasn't too hard. The family wove through the crowds with ease, reaching the space between Platforms 9 and 10 without any issue. They sat on a bench facing the trains, eyes flitting from family to family until the mother grabbed her daughter's hand, subtly pointing at a loud group of redheads, all of the children except one pushing carts like the one that sat beside them. As the group passed, they could hear the mother hurrying the children along, grasping who could only be assumed to be her daughter's hand tightly. They stopped next to a boy the girl's age, his messy black hair sticking up in all directions and with a rather confused look on his face. Her parents dismissed the group, continuing to minutely swivel their heads in all directions to find another family. The girl kept her eyes on them. The black-haired boy tagged along to the rowdy group, his snowy owl hooting and hopping along the bars as he pushed his cart. She stood up, her hands wrapping around the hands of her own cart. Her mum and dad stood with her, taking their place on either side as they walked the same path as the redheads. The girl was stunned when one of the redheads barreled towards one of the brick supports. Containing a gasp of surprise, they all watched as he disappeared right before their eyes. "Well, I have to admit I was not expecting that," her father said. He smiled down at her and gave her a little push towards the same barrier. "Guess this is your stop Snowflake." She swallowed and hesitantly lined her cart up with the wall. Took a deep breath. Tightened her grip. Sprinted as hard as she could at the barrier, squeezing her eyes closed at the last possible second, preparing herself to slam into the solid wall of bricks in front of her The piercing whistle of a train immediately filled the air and she slammed my heels down to avoid hitting people. Her jaw dropped as hundreds of parents and kids filled her sight as well as a very large, very real train filled her sight. A hand landed on her shoulder; she jumped and turned her head to see her parents standing behind her once more, their eyes filled with the same disbelief and wonder as hers. "You are one lucky kid," her mom whispered in her ear. "Who would have thought the kid of two American government employees could land a spot at a school for witchcraft and wizardry that WASN'T a hoax?" The girl shut her mouth and lowered her eyes to her cart where her black-and-white cat peered back at her and meowed quietly, his ears flattened against the side of his head. "Me too, D," she whispered. "Me too." After being ushered to the door and given a shortish and tearful (her dad would claim only her mother cried later), she hauled her luggage to the appropriate compartment and then made her way to the back of the train, a backpack slung over her shoulders and a cat twisted around the back of her neck. She easily found an empty compartment in the back and sat down on the side closest to the window. Groups passed noisily by the compartment intermittingly, but not once did she pay them any mind. She stuck her head in a book, her cat curling on top of her legs that were stretched out on the seat. It wasn't until the compartment door slammed shut that she was brought out the world of star ships and Death Stars and lightsabers to the sight of a white-haired boy with a sneer on his face and a posse behind him. "This is our compartment," he smirked. "So clear out." The girl leaned to the side to get a better view of his posse then returned to her slouched position, book hiding her face. "Hey, don't you know who I am?" The girl didn't look up. Her cat moved from the seat to her shoulders, ears flattened against his head as he silently hissed at the intruders. "It's Malfoy. Draco Malfoy." There was no response. "What is this trash anyways," he asked angrily, yanking the girl's book out of her hand and flipping through some of its pages. "Is… is this a Muggle book?" The disgust was evident in his tone as he threw the book on the floor and stepped on it. The girl merely looked at him and glared. "If that is a Muggle book that means she has to be a half-breed, or worse… or a Mudblood," the pug-faced girl said. "Don't let her touch you, never know how much her kind taints us." She shuddered, as did several others in the group still standing at the door. The only response was a raised eyebrow on top of crossed arms from the unimpressed girl. "Mute and mudblood? Draco let's go, this compartment is evidentially corrupted by the likes of her," a dark skinned boy near the back sneered. "Fine. Let's go." On his way out, Draco kicked the book across the floor, beating up the spine as it hit the metal wall of the train and fell open onto the seat. With one last glare he slammed the door to the compartment shut, letting it rattle behind him. The cat slunk down the girl's front and under a hand, rubbing his head comfortingly against it. The girl's anger slowly faded- not that it had been extremely noticeable before besides a slight tensing. She picked her book up off the seat and resumed her reading. The rest of the ride was uneventful. A bushy haired girl came around asking for a toad. Two people ended up in her compartment and thankfully left her alone for the remainder of the ride. When they pulled on their school robes, she followed their lead, packing her backpack and leaning against the window, watching the trees whiz by in a brown and green blur as her cat napped on her lap. After disembarking, robes swishing at her feet, she followed the directions of a half giant yelling for all the first years to go to the boats. Once the small grade arrived outside the Great Hall doors and the teacher- McGonagall- had left, silence lasted two seconds before exploding into chatter. It died down quickly when the Malfoy brat approached one of the redhead kids from before and the messy black-haired kid from before. The conversation was easily heard and duly noted. The Great Hall was a masterpiece. She spent the entire time looking at the ceiling, wondering what spells were required to change the ceiling and how long it would take her to learn the levitation spell used on the candles. Her new classmates grouped near the teachers table, where a hat sang about the school and the four houses they could be sorted into. McGonagall read names of their class off a list. The bushy haired girl and messy haired boy- who received a shocked silence when his name was read- were put into Gryffindor, the white-haired kid and part of his posse whose names had come up were in Slytherin. "Amara Stormwind!" Amara slowly made her way to the front of the dwindled crowd of classmates, taking a seat on the stool while the hat was placed on her head. Hmm a muggleborn child… There is much power here, such cunningness and brains. Could fit well in Ravenclaw… Or maybe Slytherin is the house you belong in? There is much potential for you in either… Wait. What's the difference between the houses again? I tuned out the song you gave after the first few lines because I was trying to figure out why someone wanted to make a talking hat that could read minds to sort children into school houses rather than an information gathering gadget for the government. The hat was silent. Then a resounding "RAVENCLAW" rang through the hall as one of the middle tables cheered. Amara walked down to the table, taking a seat near some of the older looking students who congratulated and high fived her. Then everyone quickly settled bac down for the remainder of the sorting. The redhead ended up in Gryffindor, where the rest of his family appeared to be. Like Malfoy, the hat seemed to have made a decision with minimal amount of time spent on the boy's head. After dinner she and the small group of first years that had also been sorted into Ravenclaw were shown to the common room and their dorms in addition to describing the castle. As much as she wanted to spend more time exploring the common room library and all it had to offer, Amara dragged her feet up the stairs to her dorm to where her cat was curled up in the middle of the sheets. She climbed into the bed, lifting the covers so her cat could curl up next to her underneath, and thought to herself: This is one hell of a place and classes haven't even begun. Second Year A majority of her time was spent in the dorm room, curled up on a sofa with her cat on her shoulders. Occasionally she branched out to the school's library, but the librarian was such a strict bitch that she couldn't do most of what she wanted. It was there and in class that she saw the white-haired pureblood (a term she had learned as all the muggleborns had started being attacked), Draco Malfoy. Usually he was surrounded by his admirers or his posse, often making a commotion as they passed, but when he was by himself, he often walked by her with either a quiet glare or a curious glance. This year she had spent more time in the library once the attacks had started, researching magical beasts that could accomplish all that had been done to the petrified students. Unsurprisingly, the bushy haired girl, who she now knew was Hermione Granger, also spent a lot of time there. Being friends with the Chosen One, aka Harry Potter aka the messy black haired kid, and Ron Weasley, aka the redhead child in their year, she was usually well equipped with vital information Amara was missing to narrow her search. Draco Malfoy had also spent a lot of time in the library, and often not far away from either of the muggleborns. Amara had caught him staring several times at Hermione, but she couldn't quite catch the emotions that flickered in his eyes. It was one day in the middle of the year when Malfoy tossed a crumpled piece of paper in front of her. Amara expected a degrading note, like many of the others she had received from the Slytherin house. Instead, she held two pieces of paper. One had a message for her; the other, a page ripped out of a textbook explaining basilisks, a large serpent creature. The note to her read: Give to Granger. Won't take it seriously from me. Don't ever talk about this. Amara looked up quizzically, but by the time she had finished reading the note, the boy was gone. Third Year Malfoy hadn't acknowledged her presence since that day. Which was fine. She didn't really do the whole friends thing outside of two or three people in other houses. Instead she spent lots of time by herself, holed up by her own stack of books in her room or in the library when her stocks became low. She really should be more concerned about her grades though. Her History of Magic, Divination, and Charms class were really sinking, but she couldn't bring herself to care for those classes like her Defense Against the Dark Arts, Transfiguration, and Care of Magical Creatures classes. She pulled out her Divination book with a groan and settled in to write about what her made up dream the night before meant. Next