Maple Leaf Chapter 1 Clover The morning of the victory tour dawned white from fresh snow. I stretched and went over to the bathroom. I took a bath, still not used to the fact that we had running hot water, and washed my hair. Once I was finished I drained the water in the tub and brushed through my hair. Suddenly, my prep team bursted through the door in excitement. "Ohmigosh Clover, your legs, they're covered in hair." One of them cried in horror. "Oh you poor thing, We'll fix that right up" She said. I smiled. Just then, my escort tapped on the door impatiently. "Alright, We are leaving in one hour. You have until then to get her prettied up." She called through the door. The preps went right to work, waxing, polishing, and prettying me up for my stylist. Once I was up to standards, the preps left and my stylist, Corbin entered the room. "Hows my little star?" He asked. "Good." I replied. He dressed me in a pretty long green silk dress and touched up my make-up before starting on my hair. He put my hair into their signature ringlettes down my back and led me downstairs to where our escort waited impatiently. "Are you finished?" She asked impatiently. "One more thing" He replied reaching into his pocket. He produced my necklace with the clover and maple leaf on it and clasped it on me. "Perfect." He said in approval. We walked outside to where Connor waited for me with a smile on his face. I ran into him and he wrapped his arms around me warmly. I kissed him softly and he kissed me back. The preps sighed. "Good morning." He whispered in my ear. "Morning." I whispered back. "Alright, you two, it's time to go. The train is leaving soon." Akiera said. We broke apart, but Connor kept a firm hold of my hand the entire trip to the train station. Once we boarded the train, I stayed at the window as the dreary station of my home became farther and farther away. Once it had disappeared, I went into my cabin and changed out of the dress. I washed the make-up from my face and put on a pretty blue dress. Then I went out to the dining hall where lunch was being served. the lunch was fish drizzled in red sauce that tasted very sweet and different types of fruits I had never seen before on the side. For dessert there was some sort of chocolate mouse drizzled in fudge, a favorite of mine. "Clover, wake up" Connor said softly in my ear. I rolled over and faced him. He wore a light brown shirt and a pair of beige trousers. "Morning sleepyhead." He said. "No nightmares?" He asked. I shook my head. It was true. That night I hadn't had any nightmares at all for the first time since the games. "Get dressed, I want to show you something." He said. I nodded and quickly got changed into a soft green dress. I followed him down to the hall into a room that had windows from floor to ceiling, making it look like we were outside. "It's beautiful." I said, feeling awestruck. I noticed that there was no snow on the ground and briefly wondered how far south we'd come. The sun felt nice on my skin. "Akiera said that we can do whatever we want today because it's a travel day. We don't even have to go to meals if we don't want to." He said. I nodded. We spent the day in the window room and ordered from a huge menu of food. No one disturbed us except to bring us food. We spent the day talking, laughing, and just enjoying each others company. I layed with my head on his lap, him braiding my hair, watching as the sun set, turning the sky beautiful shades of orange, red, pink, and purple. "I wish we could stay like this forever" I whispered. He smiled down at me and kissed me softly. "Maybe." He said. I fell asleep as he stroked my hair softly Chapter 2 Connor The first full day on the train was perfect. Completely and utterly perfect. The next day however wasn't so great. I woke to my prep team looming over me and I was quickly ushered into the bathroom and soaked in a bath of strong smelling oils. I was bathed in two more baths before my stylist came in and helped me get dressed into a nice pair of black dress pants and a red dress shirt. I walked out into the hallway just as Clover exited her room and I almost ran into her. She smiled up at me and fixed my tie. She was dressed in a pretty dark red silk dress with matching heals. She looked gorgeous. I took her hand as the train pulled up to the station. "Well, here goes nothing." She whispered in my ear. District 11 was huge. Rolling fields as far as the eyes could see and orchards in the distance. We were escorted by peacekeepers through the district. Once we came to the justice building we were taken quickly through to the front of the building. Once there, we had a few moments to get ready and have a microphone attatched to us before we were forced out the door. The square was packed with people. More people than I had ever seen, even in the capitol. I smiled as we made our victory speeches and then two young girls came up with bouquets of flowers. We received a plaque each and then we were escorted into the justice building. We were back on the train late that night. I headed to my compartment and stripped off the outfit. I took a hot shower and curled into the blankets. Clover knocked on the door and let herself in. "Couldn't sleep?" I asked. She nodded. "I don't like being alone in the dark." She replied. I nodded and scooched over. She curled up next to me and I wrapped my arms around her. She fell into a light sleep but was woken a few times by nightmares. Chapter 3 Clover I woke up the morning after the stop in district 11 to find that the world was once again covered in snow. We were farther north than we had been. I stretched and smiled when I heard Connors soft snores beside me. I got up, careful not to wake him, and went over to the bathroom. Today was a travel day again. I washed my face and put on a green t-shirt and matching trousers. Then I went into the dining hall and ordered some breakfast from one of the attendants. She smiled and walked away quickly to get my order. I sat down in one of the chairs and started to sing softly. It was a simple tune my mother had taught me when I was little. Are you, are you coming to the tree where they strung up a man they say murdered three strange things did happen here no stranger would it be if we met up at midnight in the hanging tree Are you, are you coming to the tree where the dead man called out for his love to flee strange things did happen here no stranger would it be if we met up at midnight in the hanging tree I stopped singing as Akiera entered the dining hall and ordered some breakfast for herself. She wore an outfit that was unusually plain for her. A simple pink dress shirt and a black skirt. I looked at her with confusion. "I'm not going to be on film today so I decided I would wear something normal." She said. I nodded. If I was perfectly honest, Akiera actually wasn't that bad. I looked out the window as the train sped through the countryside. "Was that you singing earlier?" Akiera asked later that day. "Yes, Why?" I replied with a question. "Nothing, it's just that you're really good." She replied. I blushed. "Thank you" I said. She nodded in approval as Connor wrapped his arms around me. "So, what are we doing today?" He asked Akiera. She checked her schedule and then looked back at us. "Nothing today, tomorrow, though, we're stopping in district 10. I know you guys had allies from there, so today, if you want, you can write a small speech in their honor." She replied smiling. I nodded. We walked back to our compartments and I asked one of the attendants for a few pieces of paper. They were delivered and I began to write a small speech in Rose's honor, all the while, Rose's spirit watched over my shoulder. The train stopped for refueling and Connor and I were allowed to go out and stretch our legs. I put on a pair of warm gloves and a scarf before heading out into the chilly air. I felt something hit me in the back and I turned to see Connor laughing. He had thrown a snowball. I gathered up some snow and threw it back at him. We threw snow at each other until Akiera came and ordered us back onto the train. We were soaked but that was alright because we had had a lot of fun. I changed out of my soaked clothes and went for a hot shower. The water smelled of vanilla, just the way I liked it. Once I was finished, I put on a pretty dress with clover leaves stitched into it and headed out for dinner. Chapter 4 Connor Our next stop was district 10, Rose's district. I tried to write a speech in her honor but no words came to me. Instead, sadness crept into me as I remembered the sweet girl that I had failed to protect. As we pulled into the station, I stared down in dismay at the blank paper. I had nothing to say. I dressed in a pair of fur lined pants and put on a warm jacket before we were ushered off the train. A group of peacekeepers surrounded us and we were loaded onto a van. We rode in the van for a few moments before we were escorted into the justice building. The district was much smaller than district 11, the farms were much closer together. I walked through the hall of the building to a room that had been prepared for us. I changed into a dark green suit while Clover changed into a long Dark green dress and matching heels. She looked gorgeous. "Did you write anything to say to Rose's family?" She asked quietly. I shook my head. We were escorted out onto a verandah where we would make our speeches. I started the speech that Peeta had written and drilled into my head, then I stepped back and let Clover say her part of the speech. Once she was done, she began a small speech about how she and Rose met and how she had come to see her as a little sister. A few people in the crowd actually started crying. When she was done, we were escorted back into the justice building for a banquet. I hugged her as her tears fell onto my outfit. The meal that was prepared for us was delicious. Roasted bull calf, chicken, almost every type of farm animal was cooked for that meal. I ate until I couldn't eat any more, then we were loaded back onto the train and were off to district 9. Chapter 5 Rose The train sped away from district 11, off towards my home. We would be arriving soon. I walked silently towards Clover's room to where she was preparing a small speech in my honour. I looked over her shoulder and saw a few of the words printed there. Love was the biggest. I