Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings, as much as I may wish to... Chapter 1: First Impressions The sun shone with a vibrancy that seemed to cast the road behind her in a colorless pallor. Dust swirled among her bare feet; the worn hem of a simple white dress swaying to and from. Wild and unbound hair bounced in curls so chaotic, one might have mistaken her to be a maiden of Rohan had it not been for one thing. It was this one thing that had the gate guards earnestly sending a messenger to Lord Elrond for permission to grant entry. Her ears, as pointed as an Elf's, but wide-shaped and angled outward in a more similar fashion as a Hobbit's. Such a fair Hobbit or such a strange Elf neither could be easily determined. Lithe and limber, with twigs and stray leaves sticking from hair too curly to belong to an Elf of Middle-Earth, it gave her an image of a tree; a tree with a delicate pointed chin and exuberant green eyes, an expression of mirth and mischievousness buried beneath etiquette. The Elven guards wanted answers, but she would speak of nothing until she met with the Lord Elrond. And it was so that the messenger returned, bearing tidings that she be taken to his study out of sight of the other inhabitants. Secreted away, behind elegant buildings, beautifully crafted and seemingly absorbing the rays of sunlight; into one such building she was led and taken up stairs that curled in a semi-spiral. There, waiting at the top of the stairs was the Lord Elrond, unchanged by time, only the wisdom in his eyes having aged. He dismissed the guide without a word whilst she gave Elrond a small smile, one that was subtly returned. "Word arrived of a Wild Woman on my doorstep. An elf, but not an elf; with green eyes that shone brighter than jewels. I dared to hope that it could have only been you. You who escaped me so long ago, Druid." "I left without giving you my name, a courtesy I hereby extend and ask for pardon for the delay. I am Erebol, daughter of Calenol and Elcherth the Traveler, an age has passed us and here we meet again, this time by my own means rather than fate." Her speech was slow and archaic, such an old sound that the Elven Lord had not since heard in the centuries since the disappearance of the Ring. "Would you do me the favor of introducing your guests, Lord Elrond?" Green eyes pinpointed the slightly open door to Elrond's left, where she could hear what seemed to be the breath of two Men. A moment passed before it opened fully, a wizened old man and a ruffian. Not to be deceived by such appearances, she kept her guard up even as she heard the Elf-Lord's words, seamlessly translated into Westron. "I introduce to you, Mithrandir, Gandalf the Grey, and Aragorn, son of Arathorn." "Names you give me and names they powerlessly remain. Long have I slept so that the bloodlines of many have come and gone, who you descend from I do not know, but Mithrandir… On my travels here, the gossip of trees beheld my ears to the presence of these beings in Middle-Earth, Istari that were not present during my time. Even now, I sense the power you hold and it is frightening indeed." Not as familiar with Westron, she hesitated with words unfamiliar, a slow and steady breath. Gandalf looked to be a kind and elderly grandfather, but the hidden strength she could feel from him diminished that image. Something seemed a little off about the Ranger though. He seemed too old to be a Man with that appearance. "You, could you be… Numenorean? Those people have survived until now… It was unexpected…" "And what of you?" Aragorn volleyed, "None have seen a shadow or glimpse of your kinds since the days of the Elves, before even the first war against Sauron. Long have you fallen to myth and tall tales told 'round roaring fires and to young children." Her eyes dim as though hidden behind a veil, "It is as I expected. The horror we went through kept us from returning to the world. I dare to come out because it is my path destined by the Valar. A path I dare not revoke." Elrond broke his silence, bringing the attention back towards himself, his voice wistfully recalling memories; descriptions painting memories in the open air between them. "T'was a dark time. The war between the Elves and Sauron had long begun without an ending in sight. The Dark Lord invaded Eriador with a force that could not be matched, backed by treachery and malice that overthrew the wisdom of the Three Rings. I was sent by Gil-Galad to Eregion, where I dwelled for a time. However, it was not long until Sauron's attention turned to Eregion and we were laid to waste. Celebrimbor was slain in the midst of the battle while I, myself, fled with a remnant of the Noldor. We would later begin to build up what is now Imladris… There was a time when I returned to the abandoned Eregion to search in vain hope for survivors. It was then; I was close to a thickened grove of trees that seemed untouched by the surrounding damage. Soft music, so utterly out of place, drifted to my ears from within. Carefully, I treaded until she was within my sight. They, who had passed from all knowledge only years prior, so it was not yet completely unusual to see one of her kind. She sang and played a strange instrument, and even now those words I have kept close to my heart echo in my mind. It was those words that led me to fight in the Last Alliance of Men and Elves; a great prophecy that bespoke of peace and land free from evil. I, who also had the gift of foresight, stepped forward to ask if this future was clear to her, or foggy and apt to change. Upon seeing me depart from the shade of the trees, she fled. I managed to catch up to her despite her impressive speed, and questioned her clearly. She was so frightened, a deer facing a hunter and preparing for its inevitable death. Seeing as such, I could only release her after giving my name." Gandalf nodded slowly, his sharp eyes twinkling as though a hidden puzzle piece had made itself known. "This prophecy, might I hear it?" Erebol gave a slight bow, the edge of her lips curling upwards in a smile, "Allow me the honor, Mithrandir." She swallowed and the old, old tune awoke in her mind. Her voice seemed to caress its listeners, begging them to hear her words and take heed. "In a world so far away At the end of a closing day A little child was born and raised Deep in the forest on a hidden place Mother never saw his face Ancient spirits of the forest Made him king of elves and trees He was the only human being Who lived in harmony In perfect harmony He found shelter under the trees He grew up in their company They became his family." Her voice rang with an echo, as if a greater being were speaking through her, and silence reigned in the wake of her song. After a considerable moment, the Elf-Lord gave a heavy sigh, "Now that I hear it once more, I believe I know who it is the prophecy speaks of. Aragorn is the only human to have been raised as an elf, brought here during a dire time right after his birth and given the name Erestor. Imladris is hidden to those who do not know the way, and he is yet, the heir of a line of Kings. Who else it could speak of, I know not. Shadows have crept from the footholds of Mordor throughout the free lands. My foresight grows dim, and what was once as clear as a still pool of water has now been disrupted and hidden by endless ripples." Gandalf piped in, events from the council still fresh in his mind, "It seems those who have the gift cannot see much while snippets of the future are shown in dreams to those without it. Boromir and his brother told of such an experience which brought him here." Erebol stepped closer, keeping her eyes on Aragorn as if trying to pry all his secrets from him through just a glance, "While we cannot be sure that the one spoken of is Aragorn, what we can be sure of, is that the prophecy still holds true. All through these years, I have not felt the coming of another future. This is one that will happen should you continue to tread your current path." "Indeed." The Ranger spoke up once more, "Even if it is not I, it is a future I would give my life for. An era of peace, it deems, and an age of freedom is what we seek." "My foresight, or rather, the lack thereof has told me one thing. Imladris is no longer safe. A seer of your capability should find haven in the woods of Lorien. Seek the Lady Galadriel and together, you might be able to turn the tide of this war through sight that surpasses even my own." Elrond spoke logic, it would be a wise decision for her to remain in safety, after all, she was not a fighter by any means. "I can choose several skilled elves to escort you there safely-" "Actually, pardon the interruption, old friend, but we were just speaking of the possible routes through to Mordor for Frodo, were we not? Most of the chosen passages would bring him in close quarters with Lothlorien. The chosen Nine companions to match the might of the Nine Nazgul, would that not be the safest escort for her?" Elrond appeared displeased with the options, "Placing her in such quarters with the Ring will only alert Sauron to her presence, the presence of a race that rejected him so long ago. The Dark Lord does not forget. Adding to that danger is the possibilities of skirmishes that could take the life of any of the warriors; do not say they can protect both Frodo and Ereboleth." "Do not place so little trust in the ones you are to choose. I, too, desire to protect Frodo with my life, but with similarly nine companions of the same desire, there will be strength enough in us to protect one more person. The journey to Lothlorien seems the tamest whence you compare the danger of crossing the free lands under attack of Sauron and Saruman." Aragorn and Gandalf both seemed to want her to travel with their Ring-Bearer. For what purpose, she knew not of, but it could not simply be because they could. An ulterior motive, perhaps, but what had she to offer other than her Sight? It was then that it hit her, like a broad slap across the face, "You mean to use my foresight to chance the danger before you." If they truly wanted to use her for such a purpose, she would abide it, but they must know the consequences, "The blood of Seers flows through my veins, but the future is ever-changing. I see glimpses that change with every moment; each choice made will create new pathways, like a web of a spider. It is fickle and some things may remain hidden from even my eyes. I cannot guide you clearly through less dangerous paths." Aragorn read her words for what they truly meant, "You mean to come with us. Had you not such an intention, you would not have declared such an ample warning." Elrond, having been clearly off-put, could do naught but give in. "So be