Summary: Artemis lives in a society separated into two factions: the Naturals and the Augmented. Can she overcome her own prejudices and work with the Augmented Agent Percy Jackson? Together the two uncover secrets long hidden by the government and some other unexpected enemies as well... "An Augmented just broke into the Imperial Bank Co. headquarters and stole a total of three million dollars-and killed three innocents along the way." Artemis glared at the TV. The reporter, Silena Beauregard, looked expressionless as she undoubtedly read her report on a cue card. The pretty reporter had her long black hair tied up into her signature bun and her make-up was heavy. She looked gaudy. Nevertheless, she was the face of the Titan Group, a mainstream media monopoly. Silena's flat tone and red lipstick was everywhere-for all to see. She spotted a man running down the main street, in a dark cloak concealing his face and reached his feet. The camera only caught another glimpse of him before he was gone. Artemis pulled out her knife and threw it at the TV, breaking it into pieces. Those damn Augmented. They knew no mercy, all they knew was to kill and steal and lie. "The police are in hot pursuit of the suspect in the Market Circle-" Artemis groaned as she realized that she had left her radio on. "Damn it." Her hand itched for her pistol. She needed to catch this criminal. The police wouldn't be able to catch an Augmented, not with their incredible power. No Natural could match them. Artemis laughed to herself as she twirled her knife in one hand. No Natural but her. She was infamous for her ruthlessness towards the Augmented. The Augmented were modified humans, they went through procedures to get certain wirings and sometimes even replaced organs. These changes allowed for powers beyond a normal human. These powers were called "augmentations." She turned off the radio, calmly, and left her apartment. Immediately after she opened her door, she heard sirens. There had to have been at least ten of them going off at once. Artemis cursed herself for buying an apartment that was on the tenth floor as she rushed down the stairs. What was she thinking? Her feet moved too slowly, and time seemed to move too fast. Her heart began to race with the anticipation of catching another Aug. Artemis finally made her way out of the apartment building and sprinted down the streets on her way to Market Circle. She ran into dozens of people, but she merely shoved them aside and kept going. The city of Olympus was one of the nicer cities in the world, and yet the streets were filthy, and there was a large homeless population. After the fall of neuropozyne supplies, many of the Augmented had fallen as well. That was why Naturals were superior, Artemis thought. They didn't have to rely on a drug that could cost anywhere from 1000 credits (those were often the illegally sold drugs) to 5000 credits. Artemis hopped over a newspaper stand, which had been in the way, and felt herself run even faster after seeing the sign for Market Circle. Those police would see her catch the criminal that they couldn't, and they'd beg her to join their ranks. She decided to first search the alleyways-it was likely that the coward would be hiding there. "Hey, watch it lady!" an Augmented man said, as she nearly tripped over him. "How about you get out of the way, clank!" Artemis shouted back at him, glaring at the man. She turned and kept running. That alleyway was empty. She cursed herself when her breathing became labored. Artemis hadn't had such a chase in a while. She was on her third alleyway, and was about to scream in frustration when she saw a glimpse of black cloth turning around the corner of a building. Artemis narrowed her eyes. It had to be him. "Hey! Stop !" Using a new surge of energy that had appeared upon seeing him, she chased after the black figure. Her lungs began to burn as their chase continued. She was always ten steps behind him. He turned his head, looking behind him. Artemis scowled at him, knowing he was looking at her. She heard a click , it was barely audible, and then the man was going so fast there was no chance for her to keep up with him. "Damn it," she growled. She had never seen that Augmentation used in person before. It was very rare and costly. Not many had enough energy to sustain it, either. It became clear that this was no ordinary Aug. It would only make the chase all the more thrilling. Artemis decided that she would not give up. She ran full speed in the direction that he had gone. There was no trace of him, but she would find him. She reached an open part of the Market Circle, there was a railing by the water and a bench had been pressed against it. And on that bench, was an Augmented man. Artemis approached him slowly. "Have you seen a man around here? Wearing a black cloak?" She was less interested in his actual response and more interested in his reaction. Augs tended to look after each other, and did not trust Naturals such as her. The man's eyes shifted behind her, and then he looked back into her cold, narrowed silver eyes. He shook his head. "No." Artemis smirked slightly. She arched a perfectly groomed brow. "Really?" She asked slowly. "You're sure?" "Yes," the man replied, pretending to look confident. Artemis did not have a social Augmentation, but she knew how to read someone. The way his eyes shifted to the left when answering her told her everything she needed to know. She nodded and turned away. Artemis remembered where he was looking, and her eyes landed on a manhole cover. She narrowed her eyes at it. Seriously ? Feeling thoroughly disgusted, she opened the cover and began to climb down the ladder. She saluted the man, who was staring at her with wide eyes, before she disappeared underneath the city. "Ugh, this smell ," she whined. Her hands felt grimy against the ladder. Was this really worth the glory she would have facing the police with this criminal? She truly wondered. Sounds of dripping water made her cringe. This experience was not pleasant. "I swear, if he isn't actually here…" Artemis growled. "If who isn't here?" a voice called behind her. She turned around to the voice before she felt a sharp pain on her head. 01000010 01110010 01100101 01100001 01101011 "Ugh…" Her head was throbbing, and it felt like there was a heavy weight in her head instead of a brain. Her hand slowly came up to cradle her forehead, where there was a constant, unbearable sharp pain. "Anyone have any painkillers?" A voice called out, seeming so far away the speaker couldn't possibly be in the same room. Heavy footsteps neared her, but the sound felt...fuzzy. She groaned again, frustration building that the pain in her head wouldn't stop. "You know," the voice said again, and Artemis realized that the voice was distinctly male. "I just realized I don't have any water, either." There was another groan, this time it wasn't hers. "Gee, ever heard of just getting it yourself?" This voice was female, and heavy with exasperation. "I have to get Director Zeus, Annabeth. I'm preoccupied." Annabeth scoffed. "Yes, preoccupied. With the Natural here. She's fine, just give her time to rest." Artemis tried to turn her head, but winced when a sharp pain stopped her. The man snorted. "Yeah, she's fine." Artemis heard the rattling of pills in a bottle. She guessed they were the painkillers he asked for. Footsteps sounded again, this time leaving the room. Artemis brought her palm to her forehead. She moaned softly. "You're awake?" the man asked. "Ugh…" Artemis answered him. She wanted to go back to sleep. It was a whole lot less painful than this. "I know it hurts. Just give Annabeth a minute to get some water. Unless you can swallow a pill without it?" the man was approaching her with heavy footsteps. She assumed he was wearing boots. He couldn't have made that much noise otherwise. He was an Aug, right? Had he ever heard of the leg silencers Augmentation? It seemed like he needed it. "Guhhh…" she replied. Artemis could not force herself to say the word no . The man made a small noise of acknowledgement. "Alright. Then you're going to have to wait for Annabeth. We have some Ambrosia from AmbrosiaLife." Ambrosia was a fast acting drug that eliminated almost all pain and sped up the healing process ten-fold. Ambrosia was invented and manufactured by AmbrosiaLife, a pharmaceutical monopoly. The company also manufactured the essential drug, neuropozyne, which kept the human body from rejecting its Augmentations. Every Augmented needed the drug, which was why it was so valuable. Some needed it more than others. "Hughhh…" Artemis moaned. This pain was starting to become unbearable. The man suddenly walked away, probably to find that Annabeth girl. She heard the door close, and she heard two voices outside. "She's in a lot of pain," the man said. "Almost too much pain." "She's a Natural," Annabeth's voice came sharp and harsh. "She doesn't feel pain like we do. She's much weaker." Artemis was almost too tired to feel angry. Almost. I could probably kick her ass , she thought, though it took a while for her mind to string the words together into one coherent thought. The man only hummed in either agreement or in a neutral standpoint. "We were all Naturals once, Annabeth." "You think I'm not aware of that, Seaweed Brain?" Seaweed Brain sounded defeated. "I'm just saying. You always speak of them like they're the scourge of the Earth." "And you think they aren't?" Annabeth barked. "Look at what they've done to us. Slaughtered us, left us all behind. They chase after us and treat us like animals." It was silent for a few moments. "They're just people, Annabeth. We're all just people." "Yeah. We're all just people fighting for our rights as people. Just whose side are you on?" Artemis decided to interrupt their conversation. Something told her that the distraction would be in Seaweed Brain's favor. "Ughh," she made sure to be extra loud this time so they could hear her. The door swung open and the heavy footsteps were joined with lighter ones. "Just give her the Ambrosia and get it over with. Are we showing her to Zeus or just tossing her back into Market Circle?" Annabeth sounded bored and uninterested in Artemis' fate. It was evident she really didn't care about her well-being. "Yeah, I'll hand her over to Zeus. He'll probably have a use for her. She was able to catch up to me, after all. She must be one hell of a Natural." Artemis' lips curled slightly. Annabeth scoffed. "Whatever. I'm out of here." The lighter footsteps left the room, becoming nearly silent altogether after the sound of the closing door. Heavy footsteps became the only sound in the room. The man pressed a water bottle to her lips. "Drink," it was an order but the tone was soft. Artemis obeyed, even though the drug he would give her might've been poison, not Ambrosia. She decided to take her chances. She took a small sip of water and a pill was pressed to her lips. Artemis swallowed the pill, and was thankful when she felt the pain cease, and she was out like a light. When she awoke, the room was empty. She was sitting on a metal chair, one of those cheap foldables. The room was white, and spotless. In the middle of the room was a table, and on that table there was a laptop. Artemis lifted her hand. She smiled as she