A/N:We just want to let everyone know, that we had this story posted before, but we decided to leave an authors note a week ago, stating that we're going to take it down, and go thru any mistakes there were. we did that, and went thru the first chapter, and now we're re-posting it, we're wanting to work and get the next one, re-worked, and get it up and posted, but only if there's a good response to this chapter first, so reviews are kindly excepted, and welcomed, anonymous, or not, they are welcomed. A/N 2: Hi this is Alexis, my sister and I had came up with this story like quite a few months back, i decided to go ahead and post at least the first part of this story and see if its worth continuing, I think it is, and well I at least hope it is. Please let me know what you think of this story, the reviews are greatly appreciated, all mistakes are ours, the only characters we own, are Ellie, and Emma (and their parents, and Emma's small group of friend..the rest of the characters are owned by Stephanie Meyer. Thanks for taking the time to read this, and again please leave a feedback, their greatly appreciated. Disclaimer: We don't have any rights to the twilight saga, only Stephanie Meyers does, we're just borrowing them. Alexis and Riley "Time to get up; you'll be late for school!" My mother shouted, from the bottom step of our two-story house. School; who needed that anyways? I'm Elizabeth Isabella Sawyer. I go by Ellie, or Liz. My sister's name is Emma Olivia Sawyer. She goes by Em, Emma, or Liv. We've lived in Forks, Washington all of our lives. It's nothing grand, I promise. Not like California. Or any place like that. No. It was one of the dullest, coldest places. Where the sun rarely shines, it rains; it's green. Anyways, I might as well go ahead and tell you. This is our story, of how we came to be. This is our story, of how we came to be immortal, dead. This is our story, of how we came to be... Vampires. Chapter One- Elizabeth's POV- Emma and I both had our backpacks and sack lunches. Dad was already gone, and Mom was about to leave. We walked to school in a drizzle of light rain already starting. While it wasn't all that enjoyable, it was, in a way. Well, to me anyways. We got to the school, my hair already drenched with the fine drizzle. My sister and I parted ways, as I headed towards Spanish. I didn't mind the class. It was rather interesting. But I would always envy the smartest girl in it. Alice Cullen. Sure, she was probably a year above me, and therefore smarter; but really, who wouldn't envy someone who never missed a beat? Today, she sat by me. "Hello." Her sing-song voice said, with a smile. "Hi." "I'm Alice." "I'm Elizabeth. But, you can call me Ellie or Liz," I paused. "Or Elizabeth," I gave her a small smile. "I like your name. But I'll call you Ellie. It's rather cute." Alice said. I blushed, sinking lower in my seat. One of those reasons was because Mr. Garcia was passing out our tests. I knew I'd be the one to fail, and she would pass. My assumptions were true. I sighed, D minus for me, A for Alice. I mentally laughed at that. How ironic. They should've had a class for the "language of the stupid's". Surely I would have aced it. I crumpled the paper, shoving it in my bag. "Don't worry, you'll get it. I know you will." Alice winked, as if she actually knew the future. "I doubt it, but thanks." I shrugged. Mr. Garcia continued on with the class, as I diligently took notes. Spanish seemed to drag on. Alice was intently paying attention, taking no notes. As if Spanish was a natural language to her. I could only pay attention so much. So, I was sort of happy when the bell had rung. Surprisingly, I was out of class before Alice. Next, I was headed to Math, the next life-ending class there ever was. Eventually, fifteen minutes into the class, I started falling asleep on and off. A tap on my shoulder came. I popped up, coming face-to-face with Mike Newton. Mentally rolling my eyes, I spoke. "Hi." "Hi. I'm Mike Newton." "Elizabeth." "Nice to meet you," He said, smiling. "You as well," I nodded, turning my attention back to the board. A moment of silence passed. "I take it you don't like math." Mike said, more of a statement rather than a question. "Obviously," He was taken aback by my sudden attitude change. "Sorry," I said. "I'm really just tired, and... today hasn't been the best. I'll be nicer for now on." I gave a small smile. He smiled back. "I understand." "Good." Not a word was exchanged after that. Soon, homework was passed out, and the bell rung, signaling the ending of the class. I ran out. Before I really could, end my life. Next, was lunch; that was uneventful. I sat by myself. In a corner, I guess I was too stubborn to make friends. The table across from me, sat Jessica Stanley, Angela Webber, Mike Newton, and the Asian kid. Jessica and Mike flirted, and would probably soon, be a couple. Angela was actually amazingly nice, and was dating the Asian dude. I can see why. On the other side of me, sat the Cullen family, well, Cullen's, and Hale's. Rosalie Hale, Emmett Cullen. They were a couple. Alice Cullen and Jasper Hale; another couple, And then... there was Edward. Amazingly, good looking, quiet. Bella Swan. I assumed they were together, seeing with how they looked at each other. And I rolled my eyes. I turned my attention back outside the window. It was still drizzling. I didn't eat lunch. I wasn't hungry, and I saw another kid without lunch. Getting up, I walked over to the girl. "Hi." "Hello." "My name is Elizabeth. Why don't you have lunch?" "My mom couldn't afford much this week. And I don't have enough to buy, or charge." She paused. "My name is Katherine." I smiled softly. "Well, I hardly eat lunch anymore. So," pausing, I handed her my lunch. "I'll give you mine. If you want something specific, let me know, I'll get it." Katherine's eyes lit up, "Really?" I nodded, "Yep." "Thank you, so much." "No worries." I said, smiling, as I walked away. Out of the corner of my eye, I caught the Cullen's, and the Hale's looking at me; like they were surprised, relieved. My good deed of the day, maybe for the year; few minutes had passed, and the lunch bell rang, meaning it was over. Thank God. My next class was merely an elective. So I took my time getting to it, and decided to go see my sister for her lunch at the Intermediate building. Leaving the office after signing in, I walked the halls towards the lunch room, when suddenly voices pulled me out of my self-induced trance; voices of anger, bitchy-ness and violence. "I never have liked you, Emma Sawyer. You're a bratty little emotional bitch who has to complain about everything. You think you're smart, when actually you're not, I know for a fact nobody wants to deal with you. Heck I wouldn't want to deal with you! The sooner you're out of here, the better everyone else will be." That got my attention. A girl and her 'clique' had my sister... My 9 year old sister against the wall, Scared to death, and I knew she wouldn't fight back. I marched over there, seeing a fist in mid-air. Catching it, I spun the girl around; Blonde, popular, and definitely too much lip gloss and eye shadow. What a whore. "You do not talk to my sister like that. Do you hear me?" I demanded, outraged. "This business isn't with you, bitch." She snarled back, preppy-like. I laughed. She glared as I did. That did it. I grabbed a fist full of her blonde, not-so- gorgeous hair, and drug her outside the cafeteria doors. I threw her against the wall, and punched her in the nose. Regretfully, not breaking it; but enough to cause swelling, and blood loss, I smiled. "Think twice before you mess with my sister. Got it, bitch ?" I mocked her word. I waited for no answer, as I stormed inside, seeing everyone stare at me. Yes, I was stubborn. Yes, I was the freak. But at least everybody knew not to mess with me. I knew the consequences to my actions. I knew my parents would not be happy with me. So, unafraid, I took myself to the principal's office, therefore suspending myself for three days. I shrugged, and left. Instead of going home, I walked around town. There was nothing much to do at home, that was actually worth doing. I walked by the Police Station. Chief Swan was getting out of his cruiser. Must've either got back from somewhere, or was starting his shift. I assumed the latter. "Afternoon, Chief Swan." I greeted, stopping for a moment. He looked at his watch, then back up at me. "Hello. Call me Charlie. Why aren't you at school? Are you skipping?" He looked a little...authorative. "No. I wish. I should've today. No, I'm suspended for the next three days. I saved my sister from a fight, and I hit the girl in the face. I didn't break her nose, but I guess that didn't matter." I shrugged. I really didn't even care. Charlie grimaced, knowing well that it did not matter. "Are your parents' home?" I shook my head. "No. Not until later tonight. I didn't want to go home...or be alone at the moment." Nodding, I suppose he understood. "You think there'll be any more problems?" He asked, concerned. "No. There won't be. I think others know not to mess with me or my sister." I said, proudly. "Alright," Charlie paused. "I suppose I don't have to tell you to stay out of trouble, you're not the type of kid to get into it." he paused again. "Well, besides this." I nodded. "No need. Thanks for the talk, Charlie." He smiled. "Anytime kid." He headed inside, and I was alone, again. Sighing, I figured I would go home. So, I did. Later that evening, My Mom, Dad, Emma and I sat around the table for dinner. "How was school Emma?" Dad asked. "It was great. Well, except for when this girl went to go hit me, and Liz saved me." "She saved you?" Dad had asked, looking suspicious. "Yeah, she hit the girl. Now I don't think anybody will mess with me or her for that matter." Emma explained, glancing my way, feeling guilty. I sank down in my chair. I was preparing myself for the 'go to your room, no dinner for you' speech. "You hit a girl, Elizabeth?" My Mom looked at me. You could tell she was getting a little mad. "Yes. I had to protect Em." I responded. "Couldn't you have done it without violence?" Mom asked, annoyed. "Why? She was getting ready to turn her into a pancake against the wall." I explained my voice rough with argument. Any other time I would've said it, it would be funny. Not tonight. "Still, I do not condone violence, and you know it." My mother said. "Go to your room." I nodded, getting up. It was alright, I didn't eat much these days anyhow. "You're grounded too. I assume you're expelled?" "Suspended," I corrected her. "Three days." "You're grounded for a week. You do all the chores, and you study. No friends, no going out of the house unless it's for errands, and then right back." She said. "I never want to hear of this