Just a little thing I whipped up on my phone. There are probably a gazillion grammar mistakes in here. There needs to be more skateboarding Percy's. He does know how to skateboard, and the few fanfics I've browsed for with skating of some sort don't really match up to my desires (as weird as it might sound). While this fanfiction definitely does not even come close to expressing how I wanted this to come out, I don't immensely hate it. Enjoy! *P.S. I just found out what AU means. I'm so stupid XD *P.P.S If you're as unknowledgeable as I am, AU means alternate universe. Yay! Now we can go parading around like fanfiction experts! A girl sat on the wooden bench at the corner of Atlas Street. The warm summer breeze drifted through, tousling her golden curls. She made no note of that, however, as she was glaring intensely downwards, into the pages of a paperback. Her gray irises followed the words back and forth across the page. She seemed to pay no caution to the colorful world around her, completely immersed into the world of tragedy and adventure, right in her nimble hands. She didn't look up to watch two little boys jumping around the swing set of the small neighborhood playground. They'd be completely fine. No amount of scrapes from wood chips could deter their excitement. It was a normal Saturday morning, and Annabeth had been chased out of her own home - to spend more "quality time" with her little brothers. Again. It was as if being around them 24/7 wasn't enough for her step-mom, Helen. If she could count the amount of times she'd saved Helen and her dad's behind due to a last minute business related call or late night date, she'd be at it for weeks. It was a few days ago that Helen suggested she go out and enjoy the sunlight. Not able to bear without her books, she snuck copies of Shakespeare and Rowling out with her, taking extra care to remember not to face Helen when leaving through the front door with her babies pressed tightly against her chest. Annabeth flipped to the next page, her mind wandering. School had been closed due to vacation since last month, and she hadn't done anything progressive since then. She'd finished her summer reading for English and essay writings for History. She went over the Biology textbook more times than she could count, and there was no doubt she'd ace the Greek test in September. In truth, Annabeth was set for college. There was an excited chirp behind her. Sighing, Annabeth turned around, a small quirk on her mouth. Bobby had tied Matthew to the ladder going up to the monkey bars. This was the fourth time it's happened. Annabeth simply let it slip and shook her head with a light smile before turning back around to read her book. A flash of black caught her eye. She glanced up, wary. She didn't expect to see anyone else in this rural area of the neighborhood. From about a block away, there was a person speeding toward her on a skateboard. Strange. She'd never seen any skaters around here. He wore a navy tank top with a white band logo spread across the abdomen. Ripped black skinny jeans connected to a pair of old converse. His stance was relaxed. Annabeth took this all in within seconds. The stranger was getting closer, and she could make out tousled black hair and a tan, chiseled jaw. His slender frame was accompanied by a reasonable amount of muscle. He looked more like a dancer rather than a body-builder. Although, by the looks of his means of transport, he doesn't seem like the type of guy to join a dance class. As he got closer, she discreetly checked him out, head to toe. Looks like someone who got into trouble a lot. Annabeth didn't need any more trouble in her life. She went back to her story. Robin Goodfellow was surely more interesting than some skateboarder. Annabeth had always loved A Midsummer Night's Dream. Something about the magical qualities and dramatic events distracted from her otherwise plain life. She sometimes wondered how living in a world of magic would benefit her. But then it would benefit everyone else. Which means she wouldn't get any "special attention", because magic would be considered normal. Laws would detract from magic. It was surprising the amount of logic that would go into something as bizarre as spells and jealous faery queens. By now, he and Annabeth were only a few meters apart. The skateboarder seemed to have noticed her for the first time. Something compelled Annabeth. Fate or not, she looked up just in time for their eyes to lock. Time seemed to slow down. She felt like she was in one of those movies where something extremely drastic happened that left the watcher in shock and disrupted the entire plot there on after. Her heart stuttered. His features were stunning. Hair that Annabeth wasn't sure was purposely messed up or "I woke up and I was too lazy to do anything to it" was in a plop on his head. It was waving slightly in the wind generated from the speed of the skateboard. His arms were loose around him, fingers curled slightly. He had his knees slightly bent to maintain balance, although that didn't really help much in the next second. Electric green eyes looked back at her in surprise before he took a stumble and tripped, skateboard flying and falling on his side himself. Again, Annabeth felt like she was watching a movie. This part seemed like a really underwhelming action shot. He made a small 'oomf' sound when his body made contact with the blackened asphalt. Annabeth sat dim-wittedly uncomprehending, before remembering the proper thing to do. "Oh my gods," she managed, and set her book down on the bench. Annabeth scrambled up and hurried to his side. Her mind was racing. "Are you okay?" She knelt down, but was hesitant to touch him. His back was facing towards her. After a momentary internal debate, Annabeth reached her hand to his shoulder. Lean muscles retracted under her touch, and Annabeth swallowed. She now has a weakness for nice shoulders. Annabeth mentally scolded herself. The boy groaned and gave a try at nodding his head before rolling to face her and sat up on his elbows. He propped up one leg and rubbed at his temple. His eyes were shut tight in a grimace. He smelled like the sea. Annabeth had a vague memory of the beach scene in The Little Mermaid. "I suppose you're the reason for my utter wipeout?" His voice was hoarse and raspy. Annabeth didn't know what she was expecting as a reply so she just stared at him. It totally wasn't to check him out. After a moment of quiet, he opened one eye to view her curiously. Annabeth's breath caught. The swirling colors within his irises were captivating. Sometimes, she could see blue, sometimes, green. It was like the ocean, churning with unhidden emotion. He too, was staring unabashedly back at her. When she opened her mouth to finally answer and nothing came out, she was stuck gaping like a fish out of water. The corner of his mouth tugged up in a small smirk. It seemed more teasing than mean though. "What, have my good looks rendered you speechless?" His voice was melodic. That broke Annabeth out of her reverie state. Her face burned, and she pulled back her hand as if his skin had turned scalding hot. "I was not! I was just worried for your health! You...You could've had a concussion!" she glowered at him. Ok, so maybe she'd studied enough medical books to recognize that the fall this boy took was not severe enough to result in a concussion, but he didn't have to know that. The teenager broke out into a huge smile. He has a dimple, she noted. Not that she cared. He pushed himself off the ground and dusted off his jeans (even though they were practically spotless, from what Annabeth could see). Annabeth remained on the ground, but followed his movement up. Her knees were getting burned, but she couldn't find it in herself to pull out of her pride and just stand up. She wasn't even sure why her unconscious mind wanted to prove she could hold her own and kneel on the hot summer pavement. He reached a hand out to her, and she watched him with narrowed eyes. After a moment's decision, Annabeth sighed and took his offer. She stood up, eyes on his feet. She couldn't meet his gaze. It was awkward enough already that he could sense her unnatural nervousness. Finally, her head raised. Her heart pumped faster when she realized their faces were only inches apart. She could feel his breath on her nose. It was minty. Oh gods. Was her breath stinky? She'd had leftover pizza for breakfast. She'd never been the person to care for what others think of her, but right now, at this moment, all she could think about was the state of her exhaling lungs. The skateboarder regarded her, a grin at his lips. She forgot how to breathe entirely. They stood there, hand in hand. Annabeth searched his face, unintentionally memorizing every detail. His eyelashes were fluttery and framed his orbs perfectly. There was a small scar on his jaw by his ear. His nose was a little crooked. Windblown black hair fell onto his forehead in waves, like he'd been at the beach the whole time until now. His gaze turned soft, and his smile more relaxed. Annabeth wanted to capture his expression with a camera. It was the definition of content and adorable. Where would she keep the picture, she wonders. "Hi," he drawled. "I'm Percy. This lovely blonde here is…?" "Annabeth." "Annabeth. Annabeth," he repeated again, as if for certainty. She wasn't one for romance movies, but the flutters in her stomach may cause her to change that opinion. "Percy," she murmured in return. "That's a very...peculiar name." "I'm a very peculiar boy." Annabeth raised an eyebrow at him. "I believe that." "You do?" "Wholeheartedly." Percy beamed like the world's hardest riddle was solved. "Great. That's, uh, great." It took a while to realize they were still holding hands. When it hit Annabeth, she jumped back in surprise. Percy didn't even move a muscle. He gave a knowing smile. He scratched the back of his neck and laughed as if to relieve the tension. His biceps made their way into her vision, and Annabeth hoped her tan was strong enough to cover the blush making its way across her cheeks. "So, what brings you here to -" he looked at the playground sign by the big boulder "- Atlas Rock?" He cleared his throat. Annabeth cocked her head and gave him a small smile. Something she could answer without embarrassing herself. "I live here?" He grinned sheepishly. "Right. I knew that. I mean, I didn't know that. Because stalking people isn't really my thing. But if you stalk people, it isn't really that weird. I mean, you probably don't stalk people. I mean - oh gods." He looked so flustered Annabeth couldn't help but laugh. That seemed to make him feel better. He managed a rueful smile. Annabeth decided to go for it. "So, I've never really seen you around. Did you just move here?" Good job; pat on the back. Percy shook his head thoughtfully. "Nah, I'm here on vacation to visit my cousin. You might know him. Jason Grace? Blonde hair, scar on upper lip?" Annabeth tilted her head up, surprised. "He's your cousin?" "Yeah, from my dad's side." Percy looked at her curiously. "So you've heard of him?" Annabeth thought of the white house three doors down from her own. "I may have brushed shoulders with him