At First Sight by Lara January 2003 Do not archive, translate or otherwise use this fic without permission. You are welcome to link to this page. This is an amateur effort and not intended to infringe on the rights of J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien or any other copyright holder. No monetary profit is being made. Time: S.A. 1697 Glorfindel sighed softly, reaching to pat the neck of his horse as the animal snorted with annoyance. The stallion was not pleased at all with the dampness in his fur and had been trying to convince his rider to go faster for a while, reasoning that at the end of their journey there would be a warm stable. Glorfindel was inclined to agree with the horse, but the path was too steep and slippery to go much faster. Besides, it was only a drizzle and no longer a downpour like in the morning. Things could have been worse. He told the stallion so, but was not surprised to hear an indignant neigh in response. The horse was disagreeing with him so often that Glorfindel was suspecting it was on purpose. But he had needed a mount, and could hardly have declined when presented with the animal. After a little while they reached a small river, the confirmation Glorfindel had desperately needed to be convinced that he had not gotten lost. The descriptions he had been given had seemed clear at first, but as the days had passed he had begun to wonder whether the maps he had been shown had been correct. Nobody had seemed completely certain about it, though they had been busy to assure him that he could hardly overlook such a large group of soldiers. This particular group of soldiers was good at hiding, Glorfindel had decided. There had been no traces of them at all so far, even though they were supposed to be in the vicinity somewhere. The disturbing possibility had crossed his mind that perhaps there was nobody left for him to discover anymore, but he had pushed those thoughts away and concentrated on looking harder. It was a small river, not nearly as broad or deep as some of the others he had crossed by now. The horse walked into the water surprisingly willing, stepping cautiously to avoid stumbling. "Stop!" The command made Glorfindel flinch and reach for his sword almost instinctively. After a moment, though, his mind caught up with what was happening and he decided that it perhaps would be wiser to not do anything threatening. Sentries had to be expected if an army camped nearby. Two elves emerged from the bushes at the riverbank, watching him warily. "What are you doing here?" one of them asked, sounding none too friendly. "I come from the High King," Glorfindel answered, omitting Gil-galad′s name. He did not like to say it, not yet. In his mind another name was attached to that title still, and after slipping for the first time he had decided that it would be better to stick to the title alone until he could be certain he would not mix up Ereinion and Turgon. The elves exchanged a quick glance, then motioned for him to continue crossing the river. The horse moved before Glorfindel could nudge him into motion, obviously eager to get his legs out of the cold water. Once safely on the riverbank he snorted in indignation, but seemed more inclined to obey his rider again. "Do you know the way to Imladris?" the elf who had spoken before asked, a bit less hostile now. Glorfindel shook his head. "I have not been here before." The elf considered this. "Some of us are about to head back, so you could go with them," he suggested. "The path is not easy to follow if you don′t know it." "I would be grateful," Glorfindel said. They waited together in silence after a few token attempts at conversation. The sentry was clearly unwilling to let himself drawn into discussions of any sort, and Glorfindel soon gave up and instead entertained himself by trying to spot the hidden elves who were guarding the ford. There were surprisingly many of them, almost as if they were expecting attacks at any moment. Soon while a group of riders joined them, and the sentry quickly informed their leader that Glorfindel would accompany them. The elf did not seem concerned about the news at all, but when he glanced at Glorfindel, he completely froze for a moment. Grey eyes studied him intently before he motioned for the group to set out. Not sure what to make of this, Glorfindel followed them. Some of the riders were giving him curious looks, but none seemed as startled at seeing him as their leader had been. Perhaps it had just been surprise at hearing that he had come from the High King; there had not been much communication between Imladris and Lindon lately due to the increased dangers on the roads. Only the necessary messengers were being sent to maintain contact. After they had ridden in silence for a while, the leader of the group, a dark-haired elf, rode closer to him. "Lindir says that you come from the High King." Glorfindel nodded. "I do," he confirmed, briefly turning his attention to the path when his horse hesitated before finding a way around some fallen branches. "But..." The elf shook his head. "I know you." Looking up in surprise, Glorfindel searched the elf′s face. Had he met this one before? The elf did not look familiar at all to him. Maybe someone from Lindon... Frowning, Glorfindel tried to remember seeing this face before but came to no conclusion. Which left other possibilities, of course. But as far as he could remember he had not met this elf at any point in his life. "You do?" he asked, patting his stallion′s neck and receiving a quiet neigh in response. "Have we met before?" The elf nodded, running a hand through his dark hair somewhat nervously. Glorfindel gave him an apologetic smile. "I am afraid I cannot remember you," he admitted. "You wouldn′t... I was only an elfling then..." "When?" Glorfindel asked, truly intrigued by now, and a little confused as to why the other should look so uncomfortable. The elf sighed softly. "In the last days of Gondolin. I am sorry..." Glorfindel was not really listening to the apology; he was too occupied with attempting to make sure that his face did not betray the sudden uneasiness he felt at being reminded of that particular time. The memories of his former life were distant, but that did not make them less real. And for some reason, the more unpleasant events had the tendency to sometimes seem far too close. It happened far less frequently now than during the time immediately following his rebirth, and it was easier to handle those moments. He had been told to be patient, that with the passing of time he would be able to look back at the events of his first life without being affected by them. But for now, some things were still a little too close for comfort. Looking at him, the elf met his eyes. "I should not have brought this up." "Never mind." Firmly pushing the ache away, Glorfindel returned his attention to the other. "Would you tell me your name?" "Erestor." Erestor... Memories of a small boy came to his mind. Ears too big for his narrow child face, tousled dark hair, snub nose. Wide gray eyes, filled with anxiety after getting caught in the stall of Ecthelion′s favorite stallion. The ears had improved, Glorfindel thought. "You have grown," he said, smiling a little. "Are you still trying to ride dangerous horses when nobody is watching?" Erestor looked relieved, and also somewhat embarrassed. "After that scolding from you and Ecthelion, I stayed away from them." Glorfindel raised an eyebrow. "All these years?" Shrugging, Erestor nodded. "I found that well-mannered horses are not unpleasant either," he said. "No, they aren′t," Glorfindel agreed. "So what brings you here?" "Elrond needed commanders for his army, and I was willing to come with him." "I see..." A simple reason indeed, but one that could hold a lot of implications. "What made you so willing to come? If you don′t mind me asking." Erestor considered this for a moment. "Probably the same that has made you come here," he answered eventually. "How would you know why I am here?" "I don′t. But I can make guesses, and there are not many reasons for someone like you to be here at this moment. Gil-galad must have had something in mind when he sent you, and I do not doubt that his motivation was to send support." "It was," Glorfindel confirmed. "But you seem to be doing well here, if the guards at the river are any indication. I thought that the situation was worse when he asked me to leave Lindon." Erestor sighed. "Do not let appearances fool you. At the moment we are doing well, but we cannot last forever. We need all the help we can get, and Gil-galad cannot spare many warriors these days, and even if he could it would be difficult to bring them here. I′m amazed that you could get through to Imladris on your own." Glorfindel thought of the Orcs he had seen on his journey. Mostly he had managed to avoid being seen by them; their guard was relatively low still, and a single rider could still slip through their net. The few times he had been spotted, the fights had been brief and not truly worth lingering on. After the Balrog, Glorfindel had found that a few Orcs no longer were as bad as they had been before. "I was fortunate," he said. Nodding in agreement, Erestor briefly ducked to avoid a low branch. "Be cautious, the path becomes more difficult here. We have not had time yet to improve it." "You are planning a road then?" Glorfindel asked, taking up the reins a bit more. "I did not know that Imladris is going to be more than a temporary stronghold." He could see the reasoning behind making this place a permanent base; the valley provided a natural defense and the ford across the river was not too complicated to control either. "So far it is not much more than a camp. But we will have to spend the winter here, and there are so many refugees arriving these days... most are not warriors, but we have enough hands for the construction work. And it helps them to not feel useless and out of place." "A wise move." "Elrond thought of it." "Then he must be wise." "He is," Erestor said simply. Erestor′s opinion of Elrond was accurate, Glorfindel soon discovered. They had reached Imladris without any incident, and Glorfindel couldn′t help being impressed by what he saw. He was not certain what he had been expecting - tents maybe, or swiftly erected huts. He certainly had not pictured Imladris to look so... firm. It was easy to see that the buildings were still new and in some cases not finished, but it was clear that much thought had gone into them, and that they were being constructed to last longer than the time the troops would be here. Gil-galad had not mentioned any of this, and Glorfindel was beginning to suspect that he did not know yet to what extents Elrond was taking his responsibility to defend their position. Erestor had pointed him in the direction of what looked like it was going to be the main building and had then excused himself, pleading a need to coordinate the patrols. The dark-haired elf had been reluctant to leave, but had done so after Glorfindel promised that they would continue their talk once they had the opportunity to do so. The elves in the building all looked to be busy; most of them were hurrying around with