Warnings: Violence, torture and angst (what were you expecting? fluffy pink bunnies?)…and a little sappiness…but not too much…really! Disclaimer: We do not own anything from the Lord of the Rings. We did not make any money from this. I took two sections directly from The Tale of Aragorn and Arwen . In the book, it says that Aragorn's mom doesn't die he's 20, but she didn't fit in with the story, so she has died with Arathorn. Also, I made it so that they died when he was a little older (six instead of two). And I didn't invent Quenya or Sindarin and do not own them. I also took the songs from various artists. Trelan and Raniean belong to Cassia and Siobhan. We're just borrowing them… Spoilers: Appendixes from LotR and maybe the books and movies. Notes: Flashbacks are in // and in italics. // Like This. // Parts were written by both of us, so the writing style may change midway through. Elvish is in italics with translations at the end of the section. All Elvish is Sindarin unless otherwise noted. Contact us with suggestions to king. or essex. Be specific. This is still a WIP, meaning its not done, so do not tell me that it's not done; I know that. Oh, and my knowledge of both Sindarin and Quenya is far from perfect, so if you see any errors, please notify me. Some spellings (accents) are probably a little inconsistent. Perhaps love is like an ocean, Full of conflict, full of pain. Like a fire when it's cold outside, Or thunder when it rains If I should live forever; All my dreams come true, My memories of love Will be of you. And some say love is holding on, Some say letting go. Some say love is everything, Some say they don't know. --John Denver Estel crept silently through the forest with his two brothers, Elladan and Elrohir. They were tracking a lone doe, with rich brown fur and a white muzzle. She had deep liquid-amber eyes that almost made Estel feel guilty about having to kill the beautiful creature. The doe slowly walked into a shady glade and bent her head down to graze on the soft green grass. Estel motioned to his brothers on the other side of the clearing and caught their eyes. They all knocked arrows in their bows. On a silent count to three, Elladan and Elrohir loosed their arrows. Both the projectiles missed, but caused the doe to bolt… Straight at Estel. The young human shot his arrow into the deer's heart at point-blank range, instantly killing her. "Nice shot!" Elrohir called out, running over to the slain animal. "Yeah, but I wouldnot have to shoot so often if you two just aimed a little better," Estel replied, smiling faintly. "Well, remember that time at the archery competition when you almost hit Ada ?" Elladan joined in, handing an arrow back to his twin. "But you two put dog rose in my tunic and bent the arrow!" Estel retorted, flushing slightly. The twins, unable to contain their mirth, burst out laughing, "That was quite a sight: you trying to explain that it was just an 'accident'," Elrohir gasped between the most un-elflike guffaws. "That stuff itches !" Estel muttered indignantly. Then, he too began laughing. "Let's get to work," Elladan suggested, after everyone had caught their breath. "I'll get the horses!" shouted Estel over his shoulder, already heading out of the glade and toward their camp. The camp was about half a kilometer away. Once there, he lifted two fingers to his mouth and gave a piercing whistle. After a few seconds, three horses trotted into the camp. A brown mare came up to Estel and whinnied. Estel produced a small piece of apple from his pocket and smiled, as the mare nibbled the treat from his hand. Estel loaded his brothers' packs onto their horses. He hefted his own pack onto his back and mounted his horse. " Hilya ," he commanded. He started riding toward the glade in which the deer was slain, and the other two horses obediently followed. As Estel and the twins dragged the doe toward the gates of Rivendell, their father, Elrond, came out to greet them. "Greetings. Have you driven the orcs out of the Trollshaws?" "Yes Adar , it was no problem; there was only a small band of around a dozen orcs," answered Estel. "We even hunted a deer afterwards." " Mae carnen .Elladan and Elrohir, take it to the kitchens, please," Elrond ordered. "But what of Estel?" Elladan asked. "I have something of importance to tell him." Elrond turned to his youngest son. "Come." Estel and his brothers dismounted nimbly. Elladan and Elrohir carried the deer toward the kitchens. Estel followed Elrond. With a sinking feeling, Estel realized where they were going: Elrond's study. He usually only went there when he was in big trouble. " Havo dad , Estel," Elrond ordered, shutting the door and sitting down across the table from the young man. Estel slowly complied, seating himself on the large wooden chair. Elrond began without preamble, "Estel, I feel you are ready for your true lineage. When your father was slain, your mother, fearing for your safety, brought you to my house. You are Aragorn, son of Arathorn, heir of Isildur of Gondor." Estel was glad he had been sitting in a chair. He had always known that Elrond was his adopted father and that his father had been a brave warrior, but the heir of Isildur? That was … impossible. "No, you must be mistaken," he murmured, but deep down, Estel knew it to be the truth. Elrond smiled slightly, before continuing, "Here is the ring of Barahir," he said, handing Isildur's heir a small silver ring set with a green stone, "the token of our kinship from afar; and here also are the shards of Narsil. With these you may yet do great deeds; for I foretell that the span of your life shall be greater than the measure of Men, unless evil befalls you or you fail the test. But the test will be hard and long. The Scepter of Annuminas I withhold, for you have yet to earn it." Aragorn slipped the ring over his the second finger of his left hand. It fit perfectly. "Thank you..." the human trailed off. He was no longer sure who his family was. Elrond saw the young man's confusion. "Estel, remember, what you know now doesnot affect our relationship. I love you, as do your brothers. We will always be your family." Elrond's insight never ceased to amaze Aragorn. It seemed Elrond could always read him. Elrond glanced out the window. "The day grows old. You had better go wash up. Someone special is coming for your birthday celebration tomorrow." "Yes, Ada ," Aragorn said. He got up and blushed slightly; his clothes were a mess and he had dirt on just about every bit of exposed skin. He left, pondering what he had learned about himself. By the time he was out the door, he had already forgotten about the surprise guest. Aragorn sat down at the end of the long table. He still couldnot believe that he was Isildur's heir. The feast was grand, with the dear they had caught as the centerpiece. After the meal, Aragorn went into the woods for a walk and to watch the sunset, for his heart was high within him. He sang the Lay of Luthien, which told of the meeting of Beren, and Luthien in the forest of Neldoreth. Suddenly, it seemed that Luthien walked before him. She was clothed in silver and blue and upon her brow was a circlet of silver and gems. For a while, Aragorn just gazed on in silence, afraid she would vanish like mists in the wind. Then, he cried as Beren had, "Tinuviel! Tinuviel!" The maiden turned to him and smiled, and she said, "Who are you? And why do you call me by that name?" He answered, "Because I believed you to be indeed Luthien Tinuviel, of whom I was singing. But if you are not she, then you walk in her likeness." "So many have said, " she answered gravely. "Yet her name is not mine. Though maybe my doom will be not unlike hers. But who are you?" "Estel I was called," he said; "but I am Aragorn, Arathorn's son, Isildur's Heir, Lord of the Dunedain." He had felt proud of his heritage, but as these words left his mouth, they seemed nothing compare to the fair maiden's beauty and dignity. But she laughed merrily and said: "Then we are akin from afar. For I am Arwen Elrond's daughter, and am named also Undomiel." "Often it is seen," said Aragorn, "that in dangerous days men hide their chief treasure. Yet I marvel at Elrond and … your brothers." He had been about to say 'my brothers', but Elladan and Elrohir were more her brothers than his. "For though I have dwelt in this house from childhood, I have heard no word of you. How comes it that we have never met before? Surely your father has not kept you locked in his hoard?" "No," she said, and looked up at the Mountains that rose in the east. "I have dwelt for a time in the land of my mother's kin, in far Lothlórien. I have but lately returned to visit my father again. It has been many years since I walked in Imladris." Then Aragorn wondered, for she had seemed of no greater age than he, who had lived yet no more than a score of years in Middle-earth. But Arwen looked in his eyes and said: "Do not wonder! For the children of Elrond have the life of the Eldar." Aragorn was abashed, for he saw the elven-light in her eyes and the wisdom of many days, but he knew that from then on, he would love her forever. Aragorn and Arwen walked through the forest step in step. Aragorn was content to just listen to the sound of her voice, like the murmur of wind through the trees, or the singing of birds in the springtime. They recounted stories of their childhood and reveled each other's company. After a while, Aragorn notice that the moon was high. "We should be returning," he murmured, not sounding very worried. "Indeed," Arwen agreed, equally nonchalant. As they journeyed home, Aragorn realized he was in love with an elf. "My sister, where did you learn to ride?" Elrohir asked, after losing to Arwen for the third time. "I doubt Lady Galadriel rides that way." Arwen smiled enigmatically. Then she said, "I wish Trin were here. He actually gives something of a challenge." "Trin still hasnot gotten over the fact that you didnot marry him," Elrohir joked. Actually, Trinnyn had gotten over it years ago, but it was still a running joke between Arwen and her brothers. "Trin fell in love with you?" Aragorn asked incredulously, not being able to stop himself. "Well, you know little children are all the same. You be nice to them when everyone else is teasing them, and they think you're in love," Arwen explained, matter-of-factly. "He followed her around like a puppy dog for years before he finally realized she wasnot going to marry him," Elrohir added. "Plus, how can anyone not fall in love with you?" Elladan asked his sister with a wry grin. He turned to Aragorn. "Right, Estel?" "Well, I…um…er…right," Aragorn muttered, blushing. He suddenly felt very uncomfortable. For a few moments, an awkward silence hung over the four. "Did I say something wrong?" Elladan asked, looking very confused. "Race you back to the house!" Arwen shouted, galloping back toward Imladris, effectively changing the topic. "Hey! That's not fair! You got a head start!" Elrohir exclaimed, racing after his sister. The matter was dropped … for the moment. Aragorn approached Arwen