Chapter 1 Prologue. You would never have thought of a thirteen-year-old having a driver's license nor of being the number one mechanic on the east coast of the united states of America though, you would never expect a thirteen-year-old to own a lot of guns as well as a small mansion or rather a whole apartment complex that he refurbished which would technically be what it is you see before you. The reason this thirteen-year-old has things that most don't is because; his mother died when he was nine killed by his whale of a step father he called smelly Gabe otherwise known as Gabriel Ugliano though, if you're wondering who the thirteen-year-old boy is his name is Perseus 'Percy' Sesshomaru Jackson son of Poseidon and Sally Jackson now deceased. Percy knew that something was going to change his life had changed anyway ever since Gabe through him out after the fat tub of lard had raped and killed his mom. He knew the legends and myths were real because the monsters have been hunting him relentlessly since he was eight yet he always managed to escape their notice but, since then he's been traveling all over the world doing favors for the gods of different pantheon and in turn gaining favors or new powers for example the power of chakra and the unlocking of his demonic heritage as an inu-youkai. Something told him he was being hunted by the beast of ancient Greece so he decided to get ready having had hectate charm all of his vehicles so he could shrink and unshrink them his own inner beast was preparing for an instant doing so made his cars easily accessible as well as keeping them safe. Putting on his black and silver trench coat and walking out of his apartment with one of his swords on his back and the other three shrunk like his cars he sets out walking though, the thing is he wasn't the only demi-god who lived in his apartment building Gabe's smell covered three others like him and just like him their mothers or fathers in one case was killed by their step parent. Now seeing as you have no idea who the other three are well let's introduce them shall we the first to step out of their apartment was his brother in all but blood Jean wearing the same as him except in all reverse, after him is Aria who decided to go with a white and red outfit much like if you've seen it Asuna of sword art online, and last was Amy who took to silica's outfit again from sword art online. They had decided not to waste gas needlessly and were heading for the woods in central park knowing they went on all the way to the beach on the other side of long island even if it was discovered that the goddess Artemis was in the area they were going to tree hop anyway. He and john knew that Artemis and her hunters detested males oh they'd be careful alright but he would tie the second sword the one which disguise is a pen to an arrow with a note attached hopefully it'll get to the one who lost it in the first place. This in mind the group of four jumped into the trees all of them ready for anything that came their way not knowing what they would face only knowing that they would be ready for it even though, they know this they always have a code while in battle. "Abandon your fear. Look forward. Move forward and never stop. You'll age if you pull back. You'll die if you hesitate." This mantra has kept them alive its kept them sane to continue they were a family and nothing or no one could tear them apart but, so far no one has tried besides the monsters of the Greek world whom soon grew to fear them giving them the title of death dealers as a whole separately they gave the group different names. Starting with Perseus they called him the destroyer, the black swordsman, the killing perfection this put the fear of chaos into the monster population that they would rather run to the hunters for help than a quick death. Next was jean they called him the hand of god, the avenging angel, and the archangel. Aria was given the moniker of lightning flash aria while Amy was called the dragon goddess all thanks to her small dragon companion that they rescued on his last trip out of the country. What you have to understand is that over the years due to the amount of demigods that have never been to camp half-blood and his finding them they were a crew but, they also considered themselves his personal army which he didn't mind in the slightest. The mere fact that they were large enough to be stationed all over the world was tempting to say the least even more so than originally thought because; they were one big family and each one knew there would be some else added at any point in time. While they hopped through the trees the four of them heard the sounds of battle causing them to up their speed knowing that they could see the light of a clearing up ahead through the trees nodding at each other they clear the woods mid-air and open fire on the large group of monsters who seem to be overwhelming the hunt. Landing in front of a group of hunters Perseus looks them over assessing their injuries before turning his head back to the group of monsters before him like his brother and sisters with him his right hand slowly reaches for the sword on his back keeping the rapier that belonged to the lieutenant of the hunt on his hip he felt it being pulled off by the person he was planning on returning it to as it had changed to fit her build and speed. Looking to his right and at one Zoe nightshade he gave her a challenging smirk which she returned in full before the battle began again. ~Start- Thousand foot Krutch- overkill~ Rushing in with a quick elbow to the first monster he spins switching with Zoe and going to the next one with a horizontal slash that takes out the three behind it as well we stayed in our own circle of monsters back to back making it hard for our enemies to hit their target. This irritates them causing Zoe and I to laugh but we keep fighting knowing sooner or later Lady Artemis would be returning from Olympus he fought and he fought hard but, why would he fight so hard? He fought for the injured hunters, he fought, for the memory of his mother, he fought for the young ones here who knew not how to defend themselves, he fought to protect the young woman next to him fighting just as hard and show her love existed in the least likely of sources especially when she least expected. The number of monsters were dwindling down from slashes and hacks to linear the horde of beast slowly died and gradually the hunters who died where brought together. ~End Song~ It was over tossing Zoe the sheathe to the rapier in her hand he walked toward the dead drawing tenseaiga even his eyes were leaking tears for the dead girls as the beautiful katana rattled in his hands he stood in front of the horizontal line of bodies. He swung tenseaiga across the line of them destroying the imps of the netherworld who had come to take their souls but, he wasn't about to let that happen they deserved the chance to live it wasn't long before he saw aria collapse and ran over to her and began to check her over find the wound with the poison he watched as Jean brought out a stasis pod while he reached in his pocket and grabbed his dodge ram. "Jean take aria to the base near here Amy and I will stay and speak with the head huntress and give her our suspicions before coming to join you it's time we come out of hiding brother drive fast and may the spirits of our loved ones guide you" he said, while loading arias pod into the truck bed and securing it. "I'll see you soon brother look after yourselves" jean said, as he got into the truck and drove off both hoping to and knowing he would make it to base. Amy watched as two of her family left one in perfect health the other in stasis but critical condition looking at her father she caught the worry in his eye with them facing away from the hunters and the hunters having turned their head it wasn't long before Artemis showed up in all of her glory. Picking up Amy he walks passed the goddess and sets his camp on the other side of the clearing he could see it in her eyes his little sister was tired he himself was tired but he would stay up and make sure she was safe from any and all threats. Seeing a male in her camp Artemis was pissed seeing a little girl standing next to the male and him picking her up confused her males were supposed to be vile pigs at least that's what she thought, so why was a male comforting a young girl were they related and if so how? She watched him with her and could hear a soft yet sad song plays from a radio or mp3 player next to him as he stroked her hair though, it irked her that this male thought he could ignore her she had a feeling that she would be getting her answers soon. The entire hunt watched just as their mistress did as the male who had helped them comfort the young girl about the almost death of their friend and sister they were shocked and surprised that the male even helped their dead sisters and bring them from the brink this caring side of men made them curious because; like their mistress they to thought that the male population were vile and uncaring seeing this made them think 'maybe all men weren't as vile as they thought' well all except Zoe so, maybe just maybe they would learn the truth after all. It was a stretch to think so but maybe there would be hope for the hunters if they actually had a chance to see how we worked well together back at base though, we will need to get full approval from the council which shouldn't be none too hard but that would mean playing our hands earlier than expected. I once said that there would be a time when the children of my father are almost always underestimated. This made things both easier and harder than they had to be seeing Amy is only four he didn't want to discourage her about meeting her mother she deserved to know her after four years of only stories. Looking toward Zoe and ignoring the goddess of the hunt for a split second he turns to the goddess as he knelt only briefly as he spoke. "Good evening lady Artemis how may I help you this fine night? Would you and your lieutenant like to join me in my tent as I'm sure you both have questions that you would like answered." He said, as he turned and led them into the expanded tent. Entering his temporary home, he walked over toward the dining room table and pulled out a couple of chairs while heading for the refrigerator he watched the goddess and her lieutenant as both took a seat while he got the drinks this made it easier for both women to see him as well but, he was still cautious this was