HERA I I walk through the hidden glade that hid me in its Shadows. The scent of fresh red roses filling my nose as my heels stumble and stagger in the grass and soil. The scenery brought hope to my eyes and heart. Making me believe that this small glimmer of faith would help make our depressing history a better sense in all our eyes. As I reach my destination. The sea green butterflies flutter around as if to keep those impure away from their precious pearl. I peer down to at the child. No older than 16. Jet black hair that is as soft as silk, sea green eyes, more beautiful than anything Poseidon has ever created. Remain closed. I huffed, full of stress from everything that has been going on Olympus. Looking down gave an absolute answer. He has requested many things from us, none for him, and many that we have not fulfilled. Because of those requests, I believe doing this is a proper use of him in dealing in one of our sacred problems. Even if there are some annoyances caused by his disappearance. My loving husband has done a very rash thing that makes most Olympians wonder if he was right to do it. Olympus is closed, the doors of gold are shut and no Gods is allowed out. Causing all Gods and Goddesses to be stuck in the warm but strict halls of my palace. Poseidon has been angered and saddened of his son's disappearance. Angered; because of Zeus's arrogance of being saved by a demigod, keeping a close eye on him, making sure he won't go out and search for Perseus. Sad; because his precious angel is missing and no one knows of his location. Hermes is annoyed that his father won't let him out to search for Perseus, his fondness for the child is seen easily. Hermes could have easily been Percy's father figure in his life since he has been more active with the child than his own father. Along with the fact that the child had a certain bond and friendship with Hermes's late son, Lukas Castellan, even to the point of telling the Gods that they needed a shroud, a shroud for the Hero of Olympus. Apollo and Artemis aren't far behind in annoyance against their father. Both have favoured Perseus more than any other hero. Artemis holds a respect towards him for understanding her late Lieutenant, the daughter of Atlas I believe. Apollo holds a sort of fondness for Perseus, mostly for the rescuing of his older sister. But, I have seen another reason of his affections towards Perseus. Let the fate keep that at bay. Aphrodite has been having a hissy fit about how Annabeth and Perseus's romance was just starting and that she had much in store for them. I shake my head at the poor child and his irritating partner. Hades showed it more discreetly. He agreed with Poseidon and correct Zeus of all the wrong facts he stated about the second Titan War. And here I though he hated everyone. Almost all the Gods and Goddess favored Perseus. Those who didn't, my stepdaughter Athena is a good example, at least respect him to a limit. But we have all seen that she does not approve of her daughter and his relationship. I pity Perseus because he will soon face her prideful wrath. Not anytime soon, but, one day. I wonder what would happen if the Olympians found out I was the one who held their precious hero captive in a deep slumber? There would be no way of them finding out, but if they did. My husband would figure out what my true motives were soon, and she would be put through a fitting punishment. I sighed. With a flick of my hand, I disperse, escaping my pitiful but faithful retribution. Leaving behind nothing but colourful bright peacock feathers, which soon drown in red roses that plan to keep any essence other than the angel in the coffin. . . . . . dead . Resurface-Resurface-Resurface-Resurface-Resurface-Resurface-Resurface-Resurface HERA II I walked through the quiet, golden halls of Olympus. Keeping myself as refined and innocent as possible. I stand in front of the alluring glowing door of the throne room. The lightning bolt is the direct symbol of Zeus's home. I take a deep breath. Shoulders back. Stomach in. Straight posture. Fingers articulated. Lifted chin. Lastly, an atmosphere of an innocent bystander, in this world so cold . A snap of my fingers and the doors open. Revealing the Gods and Goddesses of different distasteful domains. I walk gracefully through the room towards my husband's side where my throne stands. Not as tall as mighty as the King of the Gods, but more graceful. Eyes of all the 12 Olympians and the two new ones who had been requested to join the council. My older sister, Hestia and my dearest younger brother, Hades. As I sat on my throne I gaze back at the insignificant divine beings gazing back, till finally, I speak. "Is there any reason you all are gazing at me?" There was a long silence. "Hera?" The silence was broken by my other. 'Where have you been?" He asked clearly implying that I must have been helping the demigods. I kept my eyes soft. "Nowhere, just walking about" I answered with grace. My husband narrowed his eyes. "I haven't seen you anywhere, where were you exactly?" He asked. "If you think I went out to search for Poseidon's demigod son, then you are harshly mistaken. I would not dare waste my time." I answered. Since I already know where he is. Poseidon, Hermes, and Apollo glared at me. Hades, Dionysus, and Artemis did it more discreetly. While Hestia showed her disappointment in me, with a shake of her head. I averted my eyes, not being able to look at her. My husband coughs to get everyone's attention back on him. "Now, I have come to a conclusion that Poseidon and much more of you would like to discuss my conclusion of closing Olympus, again" There were nods and mumbles around the throne room. "What is there to discuss? What's done is done. I will not revoke my decision and that is final, but, please amuse me of why you'd want Olympus open again." Zeus finishes. "Zeus" Poseidon started. "My son is missing, the camp is gloomy without him, and his mother is miserable. I need to locate where. he. is! " Although Poseidon started calmly, his anger and worry for his only mortal child overtook him in the end. I could not see where he was coming, Perseus was just a demigod, he would one day die in battle, and if not, that then one day his time will be up. Zeus did not even flinch. Instead gradually started tapping his fingers like a rainbow on his thrown, as if he'd heard it many times. Not even looking up, he answered. "My rule stands by, brother, he needs to find his own way without any help from us." Then, looking up he continued. "Besides he's a demigod he is going to die sooner or later. Leave him behind." With that, the tension in the room was so thick that you'll need one of Ares's swords to dismember it. Before Poseidon could speak up, Athena had interrupted him. "I agree with father, besides if he can take four quests and defeat Kronos and his traitorous follower. I believe he can make it on his own for a while." Every word she spoke was triggering Poseidon and Hermes to great certainty. "My son was not a traitor! He was a hero and if Percy was here he would agree!" Hermes's built up frustration was starting to leak out now. Poseidon was just starting too. "The question isn't if he can make it on his own. It's where he is? And why he left camp without telling anyone?!" He bellowed. Athena smirked. "Father and I were discussing that earlier." Athena turned towards Zeus. "Do you remember my theory father?" Athena Said a bit too smugly. Zeus frowned but nodded. "Theory?" Hades raised his eyebrow. Athena nodded. "I have theorized that young Perseus maybe be aiding in a future plot to overthrow the Olympians," Athena answered smoothly. That caused the throne room to go into chaos. "Athena! How could you think such a thing!" Screeched Artemis. "Percy has saved us during the war and you think he's going to betray us! Why and who would he betray us too!" Yelled Apollo. "I thought you were wise Athena! But this is the most irrational thing you have ever thought" Hades seethed. "My son would never! You told us yourself that his fatal flaw is personal loyalty, how could he betray us!" Yelled Poseidon. Athena didn't flinch one bit, but she was pretty wounded by Hades words about not being wise. Even I could see that. "Well, flaws can be overcome with endurance intelligence. Which I'll reluctantly confess Perseus has up to some manner of. As to why that is his own personal means." Athena finished. "Your explanation proved you're wrong." Poseidon countered clearly angered by Athena's theory. Athena just rolled her eyes leaned back into her throne. "it was a theory , not fact," She said it as if it clear up everything. I looked around the throne room at all the Gods, all of them had at least some sort of connection and fondness with Perseus as if he was their child. well, excluding Apollo." I focused on my nails, the peacock feather design seemed to interest me more than this argument, I hope that it would distract me from the guiltiness I felt from doing this. I shook my head. What I was doing is for the greater good, it would help unite our family and the dark ancient blood in between us. I tuned back into the conversation to hear that they were talking about where Perseus may be and who could have taken him. I listen in so if they get close then I could throw them off track. "He may have been kidnapped by a rogue demigod who was in Grandfather's army?" Apollo put in. Artemis shook her head. "Someone would have seen the demigod, or the nymphs, satyrs, and harpies would have seen someone." "Then who could have taken him?!" Poseidon asked with desperation. Hades gave him a sympathetic look. We pondered for some time until my son Hephaestus spoke up. "Only a God could have taken Perseus without alerting anyone at the camp." He then went back to working on what he was doing. Poseidon started gazing at all of us as if we had stolen something more valuable than his whole undersea palace. Zeus cleared his throat, but I beat him to saying what was on our minds. "Poseidon none of us would kidnap nor think about hurting Perseus. Well, I can't speak for Athena ." At the mention of her name she perked up and glared at me. "I didn't." I waved her off. It didn't matter what she said. The main suspects were Athena and Zeus, luckily I was out of the picture. The council departed with depression of another failed meeting and went to their separate chambers to deal with everything. I was about to leave when I was intercepted by my beloved stepson Hermes. "Where is he?" He asked going straight to the question and boldly rude I might say. I blinked furiously. "What do you mean?" He narrowed his eyes his lips tighten with the thirst for knowledge. "Where's Percy? I know you have something to do with this. You've been very quiet this whole meeting and barely contributed at all to the meeting, even less than Hephaestus." I forcibly smiled. "Now, why would I do anything with Perseus? He's not even Zeus demigod son, there would be no reason for me to inflict anything