It was nearing the end of the summer holidays and Dumbledore was supposed to be picking Harry up the next day at noon. Harry was asleep on his child sized bed his legs and arms hanging off the edges. All of a sudden he started to moan, soon he was thrashing and then the screaming started. Hedwig gave a hoot to try and wake her master, because she knew if he went on much longer, what would happen next would not be pleasant. Harry did not wake to her warnings and sure enough Uncle Vernon came bursting in the door belt in hand. Grabbing Harry by the arm and throwing him on the floor he yelled "What have I TOLD you BOY?! Stop making this RIDICULOUS. RACKET. EVERY. SINGLE. NIGHT. FREAK!" Each word was backed up with a blow from the belt. In Vernon Dursely's haste to shut Harry up he held the end with the holes, the buckle opening wounds in Harry's skin. Not caring where the belt struck as long as it wasn't the boys face, couldn't let the neighbours find out after all. Finally, muttering about inconsiderate freaks, he walked out the door. Harry was left gasping for breath and trying to stifle the sobs of pain coming from his mouth. Harry knew there would be no going back to sleep now. He was too sore from this most recent beating and his mind too raw from his nightmare. So struggling to find a position in which he could sit without wincing he grabbed his sketch pad and started drawing. Neville had actually gotten it for Harry for his birthday, in the note that had accompanied it, Neville had written that he noticed Harry liked to draw but had never seen him with the proper materials. Neville also added that Dean had told him drawing was therapeutic. Harry appreciated that his friend was looking out for him without pushing him to talk about what happened at the department of mysteries. Unlike Hermione who had been sending him almost daily post asking him to write to her about how he was feeling. Neville seemed to understand that some things were too painful to talk about. Harry shook his head at the thoughts of Hermione's persistent efforts and winced as he pulled at the new laceration on his trapezius muscle. He continued to sketch. Neville had also included a book on hiding charms. When Harry had read the book, he realised he would be able to charm his sketch books so that only his magical signature could view them. Really he thought, smiling a little, Neville's a great guy. Harry vowed to establish more of a friendship with Neville this year. Finishing his sketch Harry looked at it, in the bottom left corner was part of a face, the cheekbones and lips visible and in the bottom right was a hand held out as if to stop something. Looking down on the figure on the bottom of the page was a fat man, with no neck and a huge moustache, wielding a belt. Harry shuddered at the image but felt better for having put it on the paper. Flipping to the next blank page he started drawing again, this time about his nightmare. He drew a figure trying to catch a man with long dark wavy hair as he fell through a thin curtain hung on a large stone archway. Glancing up sometime later he saw the first fingers or light stretching across the sky. Groaning he put his sketch pad away and made his way to the bathroom before anyone else woke up. After his quick (cold, the Dursleys wouldn't allow him to use hot water) shower he got dressed and quickly packed his trunk with all of his belongings. He really hoped that Dumbledore didn't forget him today. Dumbledore had sent him a letter the week before saying he would pick Harry up from the Dursleys where after they would run some errands and he would drop him at the Weasleys in time for dinner. Making his way downstairs he met his Aunt on the landing. "Get breakfast started, and then here's a list of things for you to get started on" she said brusquely, thrusting a piece of paper into his hand and pushing past him on her way to the bathroom. Harry sighed, his Aunt had started giving him lists so that she didn't have to talk to him all day. It was better really, at least he didn't get called freak as often. Entering the kitchen he started preparing the morning meal. Just as he was finishing up Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia made their way down the stairs. "Go get me the paper boy" Uncle Vernon growled tucking into his refried beans and bacon. Harry placed the last pan in the sink and went outside to grab the newspaper and the days mail. Coming back in, he placed them next to Uncle Vernon and got started washing the dishes. Soon his Uncle and Aunt had finished with their small talk and Uncle Vernon was out the door on the way to work. Harry finished up cleaning the kitchen and then took a look at today's list of chores. They were mainly all outside tasks, sighing he went upstairs to put on Dudley's old sneakers (which even after 3 years were still too big for Harry and were filled with holes). With the sun was beating down overhead, Harry was raking up some weeds he had pulled earlier. He heard the familiar popping sound of apparition. Looking up he saw Dumbledore in a smart royal blue suit with bright orange accents walking down the street towards him. Dumbledore gave a wave and Harry nodded and went inside to wash up. Harry felt a small amount of excitement, Dumbledore hadn't forgotten! He was going to the Weasleys! Running upstairs to grab his trunk he heard Dumbledore talking to his Aunt about Harry only needing to stay with the Dursley's once more and only for a few weeks because he would be of age when he turned seventeen. Letting Hedwig out of her cage he whispered for her to meet him at Ron's, Hedwig hooted softly and rubbed her head against his hand affectionately before taking off. He listened to his Aunt make disparaging remarks about a society that allows children to be adults. Coming out of his room he saw Dudley only just starting to wake and was glad he would be out of his cousins reach soon. Panting slightly when he reached Dumbledore he said "I'm ready Professor". "Very well then, Petunia, lovely to see you again" Dumbledore remarked, Harry's Aunt just sniffed like there was a bad smell in the room. "Come Harry we shouldn't keep adventure waiting, she is a flighty temptress after all. Ah. Let's not be burdened with these shall we?" Looking at Harry's trunk and Hedwig's cage, "Though I would suggest you grab your cloak" Harry quickly opened his trunk rummaging as best he could to pull out his fathers cloak from the mess. Dumbledore waved his wand over Harry's things and they disappeared. "Very good, they will be waiting for you to arrive at the Weasleys, come Harry we have much to do". Harry hurried out of the house after Dumbledore shoving his cloak in the inside pocket of his jacket. Dumbledore held his arm out to Harry, Harry looked at him strangely, "take my arm Harry, I'm going to side-along apparate you to our first destination" Dumbledore said as he met Harry's confused look. Harry bobbed his head in understanding and took hold of Dumbledore's arm. Feeling for a second like he was being squeezed even tighter than Hermiones hugs Harry fought to breathe when they landed. "Ah yes" observed Dumbledore "Perhaps I should have given you a bit of warning" Harry glared at him. "Would have been nice" he muttered "where are we?" he said a little louder. "Currently we are in the charming little village of Budleigh Babberton" Dumbledore said like that explained everything as he started walking down the street. "oh.. er.. um what exactly are we doing here?" Harry inquired, following the Headmaster. "well for starters I thought we'd have lunch. There is a lovely fish and chip shop around this corner, then I thought to drop in on an old colleague of mine" Dumbledore said serenely. "right, okay" Harry said not understanding at all but brightening at the prospect of food. He hadn't had anything to eat yet that day. Walking down the street and around the corner they did indeed come across a fish and chip shop. Walking in Dumbledore ordered two servings and then sat at a table waiting for Harry to join him. Harry sat down across from the elderly man and noticed when Dumbledore waved his wand stealthily. "Just a few privacy charms, that way we can talk freely without be overheard by muggles" Dumbledore explained. Harry nodded. "Professor? Can I ask what happened to your hand?" Harry said gesturing to Dumbledore's blackened appendage. "Oh nothing to worry about my boy, I got a bit careless in my old age. It's quite alright" Dumbledore chuckled. Harry couldn't see how a hand that looked like it had been roasted for far too long could be a laughing matter, but he remained quiet all the same. The waitress brought over their order and they ate in silence a while. "Sir" Harry said after eating a few chips "why do you need me along with you today? You said in your letter that you had a couple of errands to run with me?" "Dumbledore nodded "yes Harry, one of those tasks is to convince my old colleague out of retirement, the other task is well, quite a bit more dangerous" Harry blinked at him. "I need to retrieve an artefact of great importance and I will need help to do it, please do not ask me what it is yet, I will explain it all to you when you get to Hogwarts. I think it's time I took a personal approach to your learning and we will schedule some private lessons" Harry's ears pricked up at the thought of private lessons. Though he had his doubts that he was anywhere near capable enough to help the Professor with the dangerous task he had mentioned. "But Sir, how can I be of any help? I mean isn't there someone better?" "More qualified? Yes, better? No Harry, I think you are the only one who should know about this and you are quite capable of handling yourself if I recall" Dumbledore said eyes twinkling. Harry went to say something else when Dumbledore cut him off saying "We should hurry and finish our lunch so that we can meet with Horace". Harry just nodded thoughts running through his head about what lay ahead later that afternoon. They were currently standing on a cliff side after apparating away from Budleigh Babberton successful in convincing Slughorn into coming out of retirement and his life on the run. Harry wasn't sure what to make of the new Professor but the way Slughorn's eyes had coveted him made him shiver. "Yes he does have that affect on people my boy" Dumbledore said jovially catching Harry's reaction and interpreting correctly. "He's a collector of sorts, likes to know all the right sort of people so he can make connections and reap rewards from it. Things like season tickets to quidditch matches or boxes of his favourite sweets. I would let you know now that it will be his aim to collect you. I would like you to let him. There is some information we will need from him later. Best to be on his good side. Now if you wouldn't mind bringing your attention back to the task at hand" Harry was looking at him rather incredulously. Blinking a couple of times to clear his mind of the odd