AN: I know I said I wasn't going to post multiple WIP's BUT, I dropped my harddrive and have lost a dozen or so fics! SO MANY WORDS LOST! SO MANY STORIES GONE! I was (and still am) devastated, I cried, I'll admit it. And so here I am, posting this, I'm terrified now that my laptop will die or something. LoL This is something that I have had kicking around in my head ever since I helped my mum plant some Pansies in the garden the other day, I hope that you guys enjoy it! :D I'm not sure how frequently I will update this fic, Relief from Nightmares currently has the bulk of my attention, but when the urge strikes, it strikes you know? and you just gotta roll with it sometimes. Harry was squished, he was in the middle of what Mad-Eye Moody called 'a protection detail'. Which in reality was six people standing all around Harry, making him walk too slowly to be entirely comfortable. He hated it, he hated how whenever he swung his arm, it brushed against someone, that he had to constantly look down so he didn't tread on Kingsley's shoes. He looked out of the tight circle of his 'protectors' to see Ron and Hermione walking freely. Ron was even laughing at something someone had said to him. No-one was talking to Harry, those surrounding him were taking their job too seriously to pay him any mind and his friends couldn't get close enough. He huffed and tucked his hands under his armpits, put out about the whole situation. He had refused to stay behind in Grimmauld Place, where he was constantly plagued by thoughts of Sirius, and did not want to miss out on coming to Diagon Alley. He needed to get out and breathe some fresh air. After being cooped up at his relatives and then again at the Orders Headquarters, he just wanted to get out and see the real world for a bit. Buy an ice-cream in this oppressive heat or fly. He seriously doubted he'd even be able to do the first thing though, let alone the second. Merlin he missed flying, all he wanted to do was get on the broom Sirius had brought him and see how high he could go. He snuck a glance at his jailors, even if he berated himself for thinking of them that way, he wouldn't be able to appeal to any of them. Maybe Tonks, but she wanted to prove herself useful too much to really be swayed by any argument he might make. They walked up the stairs to Gringotts and Harry once again, marvelled at the white marble. He had always been a little awed by the Goblins, they were a fascinating race, so militarily run and big on respect, but they also made the most beautiful things. The sword of Gryffindor, Harry thought was a perfect metaphor for the Goblin race, beautiful and deadly. Something that commanded respect. He had read quite a bit on Goblins, they were really quite interesting. Harry walked up to a teller with the key that he had made Mrs. Weasley give him that morning. She had wanted to hold on to it for him but he insisted that as it was his and he was more than old enough and responsible enough, he could hold onto his own property. Besides, not only did it allow access to his vault it was one of the few connections he had to his parents. As he approached the desk, with two of his detail following him, Harry gave a short bow to the Goblin sitting there, he remembered reading about it, it showed respect. "The days greetings to you" Harry quickly glanced at the name plate on the desk "Sideaxe, I'm here to make a withdrawal please." The Goblin looked him over with a calculating eye and held out his hand for the key. "The days greetings to you as well Mr. Potter, if you'll excuse me a moment." Harry nodded at the Goblin and Sideaxe called over another of his race. Speaking fast in Gobbledegook the other Goblin quickly nodded and left. "Mr. Potter, if you would follow me please, I will take you to your vault." Harry thought it a bit unusual that the teller was taking him somewhere, but shrugged internally. He set off after the Goblin, Bill and Tonks following him, but they were stopped when they came to the door that led into the bank. "Mr. Potter, will enter alone." Sideaxe said. Tonks started to make noises of protest and Bill narrowed his eyes thoughtfully. "This is due to a new security measure in this time of unrest in the Wizarding World." Sideaxe told them. "Tonks" Harry interrupted the pink haired witch "I'm going to be fine, if I can't be safe with the Goblins, inside of Gringotts, I won't be safe anywhere. They are the best in security after all. Besides I'm a client, they wouldn't let any harm come to me." He saw Bill and Sideaxe give him appraising looks, Sideaxes mixed with grudging respect. Tonks sighed "very well then Harry, but don't take too long okay? You shouldn't really need more than twenty minutes." Harry nodded and walked through the door after the Goblin, he glanced over his shoulder to see Tonks and Bill trying to calm an obviously worried Mrs. Weasley. He just gave them a small wave as the door closed. "Well Mr. Potter, you're Account Manager Blunttooth would like to see you." Sideaxe told the wizard walking beside him. Harry stumbled slightly "I have an Account Manager?" he asked as he followed Sideaxe through the twisting stone corridors of the bank. He was surprised, from what he had read only very privileged clients had personal Account Managers, Account Managers were sworn to each family to hold their secrets, well so long as those secrets didn't go against bank policy. "Of course Mr. Potter, we at Gringotts have been waiting for a chance to get you on your own, especially as you have never answered one of our owls." Sideaxe replied. Harry swallowed, suddenly a little nervous "uh.. Sideaxe, I've never gotten an owl from Gringotts before and why do you need to speak to me on my own?" "Account Manager Blunttooth will explain it all to you Mr. Potter. Though it is interesting you never got our mail. That will be something we need to look into." Stopping at a door he knocked and when a sharp 'Enter!' was heard, he pushed it open. He led Harry inside and spoke quickly to the Goblin behind the desk, as they spoke in their native tongue Harry had no idea what they said, but he saw the older Goblin straighten in surprise. Blunttooth dismissed Sideaxe and beckoned Harry forward. Harry repeated the greetings he had given Sideaxe though his bow was a little deeper. "The days greetings to you as well, take a seat Mr. Potter, I'm sure you're wondering why you're here." Blunttooth said. Harry nodded as he sat, he looked over the older Goblin with curiosity, the Goblin wore what appeared to be an expensive suit and had tufts of white hair sticking out of his ears. He was completely bald on top and his long nose almost touched his lips. He had very sharp and shrewd eyes, as the Harry felt the Goblin examining him too. "Yes, sir. I didn't know I had an Account Manager. Or that you've been trying to get in contact with me. I'm sorry about that, I don't want it to seem like I've been ignoring you on purpose." The Goblin hummed for a moment, before clasping his hands together on the desk in front of him. "Yes, Sideaxe told me you were surprised. Well Mr. Potter, there are actually quite a few reasons we have been trying to get in contact with you. The first is the matter of your parents will, it has yet to be read and it can only be read if you request it to be so. This is because both of your godparents are either gone or mentally incapacitated and at the moment you now have no legal guardian to do it on your behalf." Harry held up a hand "sorry Blunttooth, both of my godparents? I thought I only had Si.. Sirius." He stammered a bit on his godfathers name. He hadn't spoken about Sirius since the Ministry. "Yes your godmother Alice Longbottom, as she is currently undergoing care at St Mungo's in the ward for those with severe mental issues, she is incapable of caring for you or making legal decisions on your behalf. I would actually recommend to you that you emancipate yourself, your title as Lord Potter and as Lord Black would allow you to do this." Harry was confused, Lord Potter? Lord Black? What was Blunttooth talking about? "Hang on again. What's this Lord stuff?" Blunttooth looked at him shocked "Mr. Potter your father is from one of the oldest wizarding families in England, your family was ennobled by the Royal Family many, many generations ago. As such the title of Lord passes to you. Lord Sirius Black made you his heir in his last will and testament and so his title passes to you as well." Harry sat there quietly stunned for a moment "Okay.. I'm not really sure what all this means?" he asked his Account Manager. Blunttooth considered his next words carefully "it means Mr. Potter that you have a political future ahead of you, as well as a vast family history and considerable wealth and assets to look after. You are entitled to seats on the Wizarding Council, or Wizengamot, and you have many businesses and properties to manage." Briefly stopping to ensure the young wizard was taking it all in, he continued. "When your parents went into hiding after you were born, your father asked me to look after the family interests in his stead. He stipulated that if he died and then subsequently when you turned fourteen, I was to start keeping you informed of happenings within your portfolio. He wanted you to be aware of your responsibilities before you became of age. These messages are what I have been sending you, to which you didn't respond. As well as your monthly statements." "So what? I'm some sort of.. some sort of bloody aristocrat like Malfoy?" Harry asked incredulously. The Goblin chuckled "oh Lord Malfoy could only wish that to be so Mr. Potter. You are exceptionally more wealthy and powerful than he, his family is only a Noble family, their wealth is perhaps a sixth of your own and that is only taking into consideration the Potter wealth. You now have the Black name behind you as well. The Potters and the Blacks are both Ancient & Noble families, which means you hold more votes on the Wizengamot and are of a higher class than the Malfoys can hope to achieve in even the next ten generations." Harry blinked, he couldn't believe what he was hearing. How could he not know about any of this? Why hadn't anybody told him? He asked the Goblin this same question. "I don't know Mr. Potter, you should have been brought up with this knowledge, you are a pureblood after all." "Am I? But my mum.." said Harry surprised again. The Goblin looked at him through calculating eyes, "Mr. Potter, I am beginning to think whoever it is that's been looking after you has done you a grave disservice. Both your mother and your father were magical. This means you are a pureblood, on your father's side this goes back many, many generations. Your mother does not dilute that all, she was a very fine witch." "You knew her?" Harry asked softly. Blunttooth nodded "I did, I knew them both quite well, as well as your grandfather Fleamont and your grandmother Euphemia.