A Bed of Roses This is an AU. I can do whatever I want with the characters. In this, Thalia is lesbian instead of joining the Hunters. All are mortal. Severe OOCness on basically everyone's part. Sorry for any mistakes in this – I'm British, so the grades and other things may be wrong. As far as I'm aware, Vance Middle & High School, Maine does not truly exist. Occasional tense change is intended. Starts late 2014. Synopsis – Madness is like gravity: it's always been there, but it takes a genius to notice it. "I'm not insane," he says - but sanity is subjective. Who's to say he isn't? Genius & schizophrenic Percy, genius & bipolar Nico, misunderstood Annabeth, confused Jason and many more. Murder, abuse, neglect, bullying. The Man in the Mirror Prologue There were many words used to describe Percy Jackson. By his teachers, he was referred to as a young genius, a boy with great potential if only he say more than two words. His peers would describe him as freakish; an outcast. They had never appreciated him. "He only has two friends," they would say. "And they're freaks too. Makes sense, I suppose; those that don't fit go together." His friends wouldn't say anything. One would shrug, "It's not my business," he would say. "Percy is who Percy is." The other didn't think you were worth his time. Percy never described himself as anything. He just looked. He didn't say anything; he stared. He stared with big green eyes framed by thick lashes, his jet-black hair falling into his face. His emaciated arms would be shoved into the pockets of his jeans that were both too small and too big for his long slender legs. His dad ... Dad . The phrase in itself would cause sick laughter to bubble up inside Percy's throat and threaten to escape his constantly metallic-tasting mouth. Dad... What was a Dad? A father was the person sired you; the person who shared half of your genetics. But a dad ? Dad... A Dad was someone you ran up to after you'd painted a picture when you were five years old. "Daddy, Daddy, look at what I drew!" Someone who paid attention... "Not now, Percy, Daddy's busy . " Someone who stuck your picture on the fridge, no matter how atrocious it was... "But Daddy, I drew a picture ..." Someone who was always supportive of you... "It's you, me and Mummy. See?" Someone who didn't crush all your hopes and dreams as soon as you voiced them. "Why put Mummy in the picture?" "Mummy's still part of the family." Someone who encouraged your naivety until the last moment, not crush it as soon as possible. "No, Percy. Mummy's gone. She's never coming back and it's all your fault." "But Daddy ... My picture ..." A Dad was someone who cared. They sat in front of the gas fireplace that night, watching television. His father threw a piece of paper in the fire. It was Percy's picture. Percy watched his stick-figure drawing of his family burn. He watched the edges blacken and curl, and, though he didn't realise it, that was all his family was: the charred remains of childish naivety. Percy didn't have a dad. That night, Percy cried himself to sleep. And, for the first time, he didn't run to his dad about his nightmares. It wasn't like he cared anyway. _/_/_/_-_/_/_/_ Percy Jackson grinned. It wasn't a normal grin for a twelve-year-old. It was an empty grin; a psychotic grin. It lit up his bottomless eyes with a sickly light and infused the premature lines of his face with a dark radiance. Why was Percy Jackson grinning? He had what he yearned for. Burning. Fire. Destruction of the highest order. That was all Percy Jackson craved at that moment. Burning of what? Destruction of what? Memories. That was what Percy Jackson wanted to destroy. Memories of Poseidon, of his mother, of her. Memories didn't do anything; all they did was hinder his ability to move forward. He hadn't had the balls to do this before now. He'd photographed every good memory he could and kept them in a diary. God knew good times were hard to come by in his life. There were his baby pictures, with him and his mother - he had long ago cut his father out of them. His image didn't deserve to taint them - and others, from later on. There was him and her at Disneyland. Her grinning at the camera, hair flying in her face. Her sitting next to him at his father's wedding to his step-mother Amphitrite. So many of her . There were very few others. Percy's grin faded as he held another. It contained about the only good memory he had of his father; the only one he hadn't considered tainted as time went on. What many of Percy's classmates weren't aware of was the fact that Percy was heir to the Olympia family business - a billionaire family that made all manner of products: cigarettes to medical drugs; luxury cruise ships to first-class airlines; top-of-the-line sports gear to some of the most iconic fashion and music items. What they weren't aware of was the Dark side of the Olympia family. That being, the incessant and continuous substance abuse of nearly all of them, and their overlarge egos too big to admit it. Percy's father was no exception; Percy didn't think he had ever seen his father when he wasn't drunk, or high. This particular memory took place about five years ago, just before Percy turned eight. He didn't remember it well, but he remembered spending about a month on one of his family's luxury cruise ships that were loaded with drugs and hookers with big tits. For many, the idea of an eight-year-old being surrounded by prostitutes, drugs and alcohol probably didn't seem like such a happy memory, but Percy remembered it more as the time his father had actually cared about him, and paid attention to him. The contemplative light faded from his eyes as so many other lights did as he threw the picture on the fire. Memories were memories, good or bad. With them, he couldn't move forward. At least, that was what he told himself, as he watched the only memorabilia he had of the time his father cared blacken and burn. No , he told himself. Don't think like that. He burned them first, not you . It didn't make it any easier. _/_/_/_-_/_/_/_ As much as he tried, there was one picture he couldn't bring himself to burn. He didn't know why; it wasn't like he could remember when it was taken. It wasn't like he had any fond memories attached to it. It should have been dumped on the fire with apathy just like all the other pictures. But it wasn't. He held it over the fire for a few moments. The flames slowly caught on the end and started to char. Drop it , he thought, Drop it in the fire . His hand wouldn't obey. Instead, it dropped in on the floor and he stamped out the flames. He picked it back up and stared at it for a few moments, cocking his head to the side. Then he shook his head, and slipped it into his pocket, He kept the treasonous picture in a locked case under a loose floorboard beneath his bed. He was determined to never take it out. He wouldn't look at it. He wouldn't think about it. It would remain there until it was dug up by archaeologists thousands of years from now. But he couldn't stop thinking about it. That made him angry. There was so much he just couldn't do . He couldn't throw the picture away, he couldn't forget about it, he couldn't not feel an attachment to it and there was no reason for that. Maybe it isn't so bad , said a voice in his head. Maybe you need that. Percy shook his head. He didn't need anyone but himself, and that's the way it would stay. Chapter One Jason Grace didn't believe in an afterlife. Very few people knew this; they generally assumed he carried the same fanatically religious views that his parents did, and he could never be bothered to disprove them. They just weren't worth his time. If they'd had any semblance of intelligence whatsoever, they would've realised that Jason didn't even live with his parents; he was fostered by the Chase family after his parents were sent to prison for murdering their eighteen-year-old daughter (Jason's sister) because she was gay. Jason was only eleven, and he'd been devastated. It was four years on from then, and (after extensive therapy) he'd finally come to terms with it and accepted his new family. That didn't mean he liked them though. Far from it, in fact. Annabeth was the eldest; eleven months older than he was. She was also the biggest bitch Jason knew. She was a pretty typical prep: intelligent, rich parents, great fashion sense, no shortage of self-confidence and numerous suitors. That is to say: half-decent marks in all but maths, spoilt rotten, wore next to no clothes, was arrogant as fuck and had slept with the entirety of the football at both of her previous schools. Bobby and Matthew, the twins, were alright. Spoilt rotten, obviously, and incredibly annoying, but alright compared to the rest of the family. Fredrick Chase was ... unusual, and not in a good way. As arrogant as his daughter, he didn't like to spend time with any of the family (Jason decided to be thankful for that). Whenever he decided to grace them with his presence, he spent it giving unnecessary and unwanted advice on issues that were, quite frankly, none of his business and consequently tearing down everyone's self-esteem. Helen was ... Helen . Jealous, petty, living off of her rich-ass husband, whose only self-esteem came from looking after her children and lashed out at anyone who challenged her way of life. Jason grimaced to himself and stabbed his piece of steak with his fork. ' Steak Helen? Again? Can you cook anything else?' he thought. He had hoped that, after they had moved from California to Maine, Helen would try the 'new start' thing she'd been going on about for ages. Oh, fuck you people , thought Jason, throwing down his napkin. "I'm going upstairs," he called, already half-way up. "Whatever," replied Annabeth. "Have fun," called Helen. "You should have asked to be excused!" hollered Fredrick. The twins were too busy building a tent out of cutlery, salt and pepper shakers and a napkin to notice, and they wouldn't have cared anyway. Jason gave a snort as he closed the door to his room. This was his life. What joy. Chapter Two Nico di Angelo, quite simply, did not care. Never had, and probably never would. He had stopped caring around age ten, when his sister had died in a plane crash. Actually, that was a lie. That was when there was truly nothing he cared about left. He hadn't cared about the majority of things since a long time before that. His family was about as messed up as it got: His uncle and father were both hard-core drug addicts who were violent and neglectful, too caught up in hookers and booze and getting high to focus on their children. His other uncle was marginally better, in a way. Violent and abusive, like the other two, but, rather than cocaine and meth, he used religion and xenophobia. Nico had a half-sister called Hazel, from one of the many times his father had cheated on his mother, but he rarely saw her. His cousin, Percy, had some half-siblings, too: Triton, who had committed suicide at age sixteen, and Tyson, who had severe autism and borderline mental retardation. His uncle Zeus was the only one to stay