Once upon a time there was a far off land called Hobbiton which was in The Shire. As you might expect, this story starts in a hole in the ground. Not a wet miserable hole filled with mud and without a fire in winter. Nor, yet, a dry sandy hole with nothing to sit on. It was a Hobbit Hole, and that means good food, comfort and a warm fire. Hobbiton was filled with Hobbit Holes, and these Hobbit Holes where filled with Hobbits. What is a Hobbit I hear you ask? Hobbits are short, curly haired creatures with immensely big, hairy feet. They are mostly friendly, and always like big dinners. They are also very quiet on their feet. At this time of year, Hobbiton was always covered with bright fairy lights and sprinkled with Fair trees. It was Christmas Eve, the most exciting time for Hobbits, for it meant lots of food. In Hobbit Hole number five, Mr. and Mrs. Baggins were wrapping presents for their son, Frodo. The latter was in his room, reading an adventure story. He had never been allowed to go on adventures, which made him even more interested in them. He also really liked his Uncle, Bilbo, for Bilbo had been on many adventures in his time. Bilbo lived in Hobbit Hole number seven, right next door to Frodo, meaning that the little Hobbit often went to visit him. Very often. In fact, Frodo had finished reading his book, and decided to visit his beloved Uncle. He ran down the hallway, past his parents, who had finished wrapping presents, and out the beautifully painted door (which, if you were wondering, was yellow). He skipped down the path, past Bilbo's beautiful garden, and up to Bilbo's gate. Frodo checked the mail for his Uncle, (Bilbo always seemed to forget to) and knocked on the green door. "Who's knocking on my door at this ungodly hour?" Bilbo's cranky voice echoed from inside the Hobbit Hole. "It's only me!" Called Frodo happily. "Only you? You're the only person I'd let in at this ungodly hour!" The door swung open and Bilbo hugged his Nephew. "Uncle! Tomorrow is Christmas!" Frodo was bouncing up and down with excitement. Bilbo almost had a heart attack. "Is it? Already? Dear me, I'd better get myself together!" Frodo's smile was spreading further and further across his face. "Don't worry, Uncle! I'll help you make dinner for tomorrow! Are you inviting anyone over?" Bilbo began walking down the hallway, and Frodo trotted along behind him on his short little legs. "Yes, I'm inviting one or two people over for dinner, but It's more of a grown up's party…" "Who are you inviting Uncle? The whole street? The whole town? All of Hobbton? Everyone in the Shire? The entirety Middle Earth! Yes that's it!" Bilbo looked shocked at his nephew. "Good gracious, no! I'm just inviting a few old friends of mine…" Frodo cut though him: "Do I count as an old friend?" "Well, no you're still a young Hobbit. But remember, I'm seeing you for Breakfast and you invited yourself over for lunch. So I don't think it would be a problem for you if you didn't see me at dinner time!" At this, Frodo began to complain. He was just a young Hobbit after all, and he just didn't understand how his Uncle could not want to see him more than three times a day! But Bilbo had his reasons, and Frodo had to accept the fact that he was only going to see his Uncle two times the next day. Frodo sat with his Uncle at the dining room table with a large plate of muffins in front of him (another bonus of going to Bilbo's house: there was always lots of food) and listened intently as Bilbo told him a tale of adventure and excitement. Frodo stayed at Bilbo's house for a lot longer than he intended to because Bilbo's tale, and he muffins, where just so good. So when Frodo got back to his hole, it was almost tea time and he wasn't even hungry! Mr. and Mrs. Baggins where quite angry at Frodo, because he had not told them he was going out and they had had no idea where he had been. "Frodo! Next time you go and see Uncle Bilbo, tell us before you go wandering off like that! If we'd have known, we wouldn't have put on dinner because you are always full after coming back from Bilbo's!" Mr. Baggins scolded. "Okay, okay! But I couldn't resist going over to hear another adventure story!" Frodo realised too late that saying Bilbo was telling him stories was a bad idea. Frodo's parents instantly sent Frodo to his room and went to Bilbo's house to have a word with him about not telling adventure stories that could give Frodo nightmares. In his room, Frodo daydreamed about having a real adventure. He wondered what it would be like, to be out in the open air and not having to do anything you didn't want to do. Or have any parents bossing you around. It made Frodo feel jealous of people who did get to go on adventures often. After all his daydreaming, Frodo began to feel tired and started to nod off. Without even having any proper dinner, he fell asleep, dreaming about adventures, Christmas, and his Uncle Bilbo. "Christmas! Christmas! Christmas, Christmas, Christmas! Christmaschristmaschristmaschristmas! Hey, everybody! It's Christmassssss!" Frodo was running down the street of Bag end, throwing tinsel at anyone who opened their door to watch him prance around. This usually would have made everyone cranky, but because it was it was Frodo, they didn't feel angry at all. Everyone seemed to like the young Hobbit. He was so lively all the time! Continuing to shout his Christmas chant, Frodo ran down to the stream nearby and jumped into the row boat that was always at the small dock. It was a spiffing morning. The water rippled only when the little boat sailed through it, for there was no wind at all. The sun was shining, and there was not a cloud in sight. It was still an early morning, and so not may Hobbits on the other side of the stream where up. (Almost every Hobbit on Frodo's side was up. Thanks to him!) The few Hobbit's who had risen early waved to Frodo and called, "Merry Christmas!" Frodo even saw his friend Sam Gamgee, who was gardening like usual. "Ahoy Frodo! Merry Christmas!" He bellowed from his perch on a garden fence. Frodo waved back and shouted, "You can come over for dinneeeeer!" Frodo kept rowing the little row boat until he had reached the forest. It was only then that he hopped out and tied the boat up so he could get home. He then began to walk along the bank singing a Christmas song to himself, for he was heading into parts where no Hobbit Holes where, just trees and ponds, and the occasional camp. "It is Christmas time! I'll eat a lot of food and get a lot of preseeents! Oh yeah! Oh yeah! I love Christmas 'cause you get lots of everything! Like you see you Uncle Bilbo a lot! But today I am only going to see him twiiiiice! Oh no, what'll I do?! La, la, la!" After a while of singing more songs like this, Frodo stopped singing for he had reached his destination. A small gazebo had been put up before him. Nobody was inside, but three barrels stood next to each other, each cask full of different goods. The first with fish, the second with bread, and the third with carrots. Frodo reached into his pocket, took out some money, (Not very much of it, mind you) put it on a small table in the middle of the gazebo, and took some of the bread, fish and carrots. Frodo was always welcome to take what he wanted from these barrels. The old Hobbit who worked there was a good friend of Frodo, and never allowed him to pay the full price. Frodo put his goods in some paper bags, and set off to his next destination: Hobbiton Stables. Frodo did not have a pony of his own, though he longed for one. Every day he would go to the stables, though it was quite a trek to get there, and gaze longingly at the ponies. He could name every pony that was owned, and for the ponies that were for sale, he made names up. The girl who looked after the ponies, a young Hobbit girl called Rosie who was a bit older than Frodo, let the ponies keep their names that Frodo gave them. This utterly thrilled Frodo. Every Christmas, Frodo would hope that he would get a pony. This was his fifth year of hoping, and he was excited as ever to see whether he would get his wish. As Frodo entered the stables, his ears instantly were filled with noise as all the ponies began whinnying. Rosie trotted out from a back room, a basket filled with apples in her arms. "Oh, hello Frodo! Merry Christmas!" She exclaimed. "Hi!" Replied Frodo merrily. He went over to a small brown pony. Frodo knew her name was Myrtle. She was an old pony, and used to belong to dwarves, but now was owned by Bilbo. Frodo gave her a carrot when none of the other ponies were looking. The other ponies names where Dobbin, Daisy, Molly, Delight, Ladybug, Peaches 'n' Cream, Bingo, Minty and Suncatcher. They all had owners, but out of them Frodo loved Suncatcher. She was a beautiful red-brown colour with flowing black mane. She was young and agile, and all-round lovely. But she had an owner, (though Frodo knew not who) and so the young hobbit had no chance of buying her. After a long time of feeding, stroking, and talking to the ponies, Frodo began to walk home. He thought about riding a pony of his own, Over and Under Hill, being able to sleep under the stars at night, and ride under the sun at day. Though he knew his dream was impossible: his parents would never allow him to ride alone in the 'Wilderness'… An idea struck Frodo suddenly and unexpectedly. He could take Sam! Samwise Gamgee, one of his closest friends, was sure to go on an adventure with Frodo! The young Hobbit ran the rest of the way home, his idea seeming better and better as he went. He reached his home and flung open the round door. He could hear talking in the kitchen, so with a skip and a hop, he went inside. His parents were talking in low voices when he went in. Without waiting even to say "Good morning" he hurled his parents into his idea. "You won't let me go on an adventure because I'd be all alone, but Hey Presto! I had an idea! Sam can come with me! He'd love it! It's a deal then? As soon as I get a pony we'll set off!" Frodo had not let his parents say a word through the time he was talking. But they did have a word with him once he was done… "Frodo! You know we don't want you to go on any adventures! You're a Baggins ! Bagginses do not go on adventures! It's the Tooks who do that!" Frodo was not put off by this. "But… But Pippin is a Took!" Mr. Baggins looked at him confused. "Pippin? Who is Pippin?" Frodo smiled. "You know! Perigrin Took! Pippin! Pip! Whatever you want to call him! He's the one who-" "That's right! I remember. He's the one who snuck into the forest without telling his parents. He's the young Hobbit who stole from the bakery!" Frodo looked shocked at this. He protested: "Pippin and I stole from the bakery! And it was Uncle Bilbo who suggested it!" That