Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and The Olympians or any of its characters but i do own my characters. Luke Castellan & the Princess of Light I never thought much on how it came to this. I never really wondered what she had meant. I just thought of revenge for her, for her family, for her sister. But now, here on Olympus, dying, I suddenly can remember her crystal clear as if she were right in front of me. Flashback: I walked around camp half blood. It was my first morning. Grover, Annabeth and I had arrived last night. I had already been told where everything was but I wanted to be alone to morn Thalia's death. It wasn't like I loved her, but she had been a sister to me like Annabeth was, Thalia had been family. I walked around the camp dejectedly. I had seen the Hermes cabin and it was nothing impressive. I decided to go to the amphitheater where I didn't think anyone would be during the day. I walked in and to my astonishment I found a girl about my age sitting on the stage reading a book. I don't know what surprised me more the girl or the fact that she was reading a book since half-bloods have dyslexia. Upon hearing me enter the amphitheater she put a book mark in the book and closed it and turned to look at me. To my surprise she smiled at me, the smile seemed to be comforting and reassuring all at the same time. I looked at the girl and took in her appearance. Blond hair that was pulled back into a ponytail, brown-gold eyes that seemed to change shades ever so slightly, and light skin that seemed to glow with health. She was beautiful, naturally beautiful; she had no make-up on except for a clear lip gloss that made her light pink lips shine in the sun. I looked at the girl completely stunned. She put her book down to one side and looked at me. I realized that she was waiting for me to sit down, so I did, right next to her. I looked at the rest of the amphitheater remembering that I had come to be alone, get away from everyone who was going to say that it was going to be ok, that Thalia might come back, but I knew that this girl wasn't going to do that. She put one hand on my shoulder and rubbed it gently and didn't say anything. She wasn't going to tell me lies or give me false hope, she knew what had happened, I had no doubt about it. She knew somehow, and she also knew where I would be. A part of me realized that she was here because she was waiting for me. She didn't say anything, she didn't leave, and she didn't even say who she was. She just rubbed my shoulder softly and sat with me in silence while I mourned the death of the girl who had been my companion for a few years now and who I had lost in a single night. A few tears escaped my eyes and I took in a few deep breaths to pull myself together. No matter what I was not going to break down. I looked at the girl and she looked into my eyes and said "I'm sorry" her voice was soft but strong, and I knew that she meant what she said. She was sorry that I had lost a friend. She was sorry that she couldn't have helped last night. And she was sorry that she couldn't do anything other than what she was doing right now. But strangely, what she was doing was enough. Another tear escaped me as I nodded at her letting her know I understood. I couldn't speak, not without losing it. She squeezed my shoulder gently again and sat there with me for the rest of the day. End Flashback That first day was probably the day I started to fall for her. I never understood how she knew I was upset and I never asked. I didn't want to know, it would ruin the mystery that she was. I just accepted that she knew when I was upset and unhappy, and she was there for me no matter what. And she was more than just a friend, she was a teacher to. Everything I know how to do with a sword I learned from her Flashback: I walked around again actually going to activities that were laid out for me today. It was okay being there but my favorite part was the last activity for the day. Sword fighting, at first I thought it was going to be a drag but when we got to the arena I got a surprise. The girl from yesterday was there with the rest of the Aphrodite cabin. I realized last night that she was a daughter of Aphrodite when I saw her at the Aphrodite table. She looked at me and smiled while the entire Hermes cabin was fighting over who would be going against her. She came up to me and said "you any good with a blade?" I looked at her and said "I've never fought with a sword before" she smiled at said "well then I'll see what I can teach you." From that day on I was her partner she taught me how to disarm an opponent, where to aim when they are wearing armor, where to aim when they aren't. By the end of that first summer I was madly in love with her. I learned that her name was Rose Valentine, her father was a swordsman up in California and he taught people how to use a sword. Her step-mother, Anna, was a dance teacher. Rose was intelligent, graceful and skilled. She loved her family as her family loved her. I never hated her for having a family that loved her. I didn't even wish I was in her place. End Flashback That summer she was my friend, she was one of the sweetest girls out there and everybody at camp loved her, Annabeth liked her to. Flashback: Annabeth was learning how to properly use the dagger I had given her and Rose was teaching her. Rose was slow with Annabeth and spoke to her like she was a teenage and not a child, which in many ways Annabeth was. Rose never pushed Annabeth to hard, she seemed to know what Annabeth's limits were and tried to work with Annabeth's strengths and weaknesses. Rose was an amazing teacher and Annabeth never complained that Rose was going too hard on her or too soft. At the same time Rose was and excellent friend and companion. Rose never pushed me to tell her what was wrong when I was upset. She was always easy to find and she never said anything to try and comfort me, she would hum sometimes, Soft and sweet but it never bothered me. It made me glad to know that if I needed to talk she would be there. And when I just needed comfort she gave it without a second thought. At the end of that summer she had to go home, I was upset to say the least but I understood. She said goodbye to everyone and looked at me smiling. That entire year was miserable without her. Summer turned to fall, fall turned to winter, winter turned to spring, and spring turned to summer. On the first day of summer I sat in the amphitheater and waited for her. She came and sat down next to me and said "how long have you been waiting here?" I looked at her and said "a few hours" she nodded and looked at me and smiled. Then her smile faded she took my hand and said "I'm going to have to go again at the end of summer" I nodded "I know" she looked me in the eyes and said "I'm always going to come back to you Luke." I smiled and picked up her hand and kissed it lightly. She looked at me and smiled again as she said "as I'm also always going to love you." I smiled and kissed her forehead gently and then I kissed her lips. Soft and loving she kissed me back and it seemed like it was natural. End Flashback: The second summer was much like the first. We hung out and talked a bit, we kissed a few times by the end of that summer she was packing up and just before she left the boundary I tried to tell her that I loved her too. Flashback: "ROSE!!" I called after the girl who was just about to leave camp, and leave me again. She looked at me put down her bag and walked down the hill to meet me. "Rose…" I said trying to catch my breath and she put a finger on my lips and said "I know Luke," "but-" she looked at me and kissed me on the lips before saying "tell me when I get back ok?" I nodded and she walked up the hill and picked up her bag, looking at me one last time before she crossed the border. The year seemed to go by so slowly but when summer finally came I was waiting again and like before she found me. She sat down next to me and I looked at her and said "I love you too" she smiled and kissed me and I kissed her back. After waiting an entire year she got the answer she was looking for. I pulled back and whispered "why didn't you let me tell you at the end of last summer?" She smiled at me and put her hand on my cheek before she said "because some things are worthless unless you wait for them." I never forgot those words; they became the foundation of my life. Waiting for things to happen to me became worth it every step of the way. End Flashback That summer was the summer when I got a quest. And when I lost her, everything had been going so well… I still don't understand how I had missed the one little detail that could have spared Rose. Flashback: Rose, Sora (her cousin), and I were in the garden and I was sneaking up on the dragon trying to get one of the golden apples. Then out of nowhere Rose pushed me and I turned in time to see what had happened. The dragon had woken up and had just been about to bite me. Rose pushed me out of the way so I wouldn't get bitten but in that push the dragon had extended his claws and scratched me on the face. But the dragon had bitten Rose instead of me. After Sora and I had gotten her away from the garden she took in a deep breath and looked into my eyes and whispered "poison." I looked at Sora and he looked at the wound and said "we're too late, the poisons spread too far in her body." I felt my heart sink, she was dying and there was nothing we could do. She took my hand and said to Sora "Sora tell the family I love them?" he nodded and she smiled at him "I love you to Sora" he nodded again and said "I love you to Rose; I'll give you two time alone." He got up and left and Rose looked at me and said "Luke, I need you to promise me something." I lifted the hand that she was holding and kissed her hand softly. "anything." I promised. She took a deep breath and looked me in the eyes "no matter what happens… no matter what you do… come home in the end?" I looked at her not understanding and she