Posted: June 28, 2014 Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of the Twilight characters. The poem is a form of texting... it's the original text. It's a perfecting of a feeling in language - it's a way of saying more with less, just as texting is. -Carol Ann Duffy Prologue – The Art of Texting BPOV "Mike, stop it!" I giggled. Mike was inconspicuously trying to look at my phone's screen. I extended my left hand out with my phone so he wouldn't be able to read it. He didn't need to know who I was texting. Mike was one of my best friends since the beginning of middle school. People questioned how we meshed, him being the altogether popular and good looking kid from school while I was quiet, not so popular girl who looked decent. Soon enough we wouldn't have to deal with other people's crap as we were in our final year of high school. For now, I was the one dealing with his crap. "Oh come on, Bells! Who is so important that you have to keep texting them?" he questioned while throwing his massive body over my tiny frame, desperately trying to reach my phone from my arm that was flailing. Although I loved Mike in the friendship kind of way, I just wanted to knee him in his balls to get him off of me. While he wrestled against me, I couldn't help myself from letting out some giggles until I heard a throat clear. Mike immediately got off of me and we both saw my father, Charlie. He never really saw the appeal in Mike, but he encouraged me to have a friendship with him when I first moved here in middle school. Charlie narrowed his eyes at both of us while I saw his mustache twitch. Although he was a quiet man overall, when it came to me and boys he was protective like any other father, but he had advantages no other father had. "Newton," he mumbled, continuing to stare at us. "Chief Swan." "Newton, if you intend to stay in this house on this dreary Friday night without my supervision, I suggest you keep yourself off of Bella," Charlie suggested, stepping closer to where we were in the living room, but inching closer to the kitchen likely to get a beer. "Yes, sir." Mike surrendered to my father like always while I wanted to kill my father. He always did this to Mike whenever we hung out at my place or when he caught Mike touching me in any way. Charlie mumbled something on his way to the kitchen that I couldn't hear, but I was going to eventually. I gave Mike the clicker to our TV to pick something on TV for us to watch. However, I got up while he did that, putting my phone in my pocket and excusing myself to get something to drink. Really I was going to let my dad have a piece of my mind. "Charlie, I thought you weren't supposed to be home tonight?" I questioned, leaning against the counter. "I came home to grab a quick bit to eat, but I guess I also came home to stop a hormonal teenage boy from man handling my daughter," he grumbled while making a sandwich. "Dad, I'm eighteen years old-" "Bells, you've been eighteen for a week and a half." "Nevertheless, I'm eighteen. I'm a legal adult and next year at college you're not going to always be there to stop all the boys. I know better, Charlie. You and Mom both raised me better," I spoke, feeling a bit guilty about saying that while I felt my phone vibrate against my thigh. "Bella," he started then took a bite out of his sandwich, "it doesn't matter. You'll always be my one and only baby girl. It's my job to keep them away from you." "I get that, Charlie. Just stop it with all the gun threats and I'm a virgin unlike a lot of the girls at my school." "Bella, I don't need to know that! Just don't let those guys manhandle you." He quickly finished up the rest of his sandwich and grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge. "I'll see you later, Bells." I watched my father exit the kitchen then heard the closing of the front door to signal that he left the house. A loud yell from Mike about someone being out on a baseball game filled the silent house once he left. Once again my phone vibrated against my thigh and I knew exactly who it was as it was routine since it was almost eight. I took my phone out knowing exactly what the most recent text was. I'm sorry we couldn't chat today, but school kicked my ass today x Well I'm going to bed as it's almost 4 in the morning here. Goodnight Bella x I smiled at the text. He thought I was mad at him, but I wasn't anywhere near it. I just wished sometimes that I could actually talk to him. It's no problem. The time difference just sucks sometimes, but someday maybe. Goodnight Edward -B No one would understand that other than the two of us as it was our little secret. *Dirty Little Secret* Mike and I ended up watching some baseball on that night. Nothing that special, but I was content with doing it with him. The thing I didn't plan on was both of us falling asleep in my living room. I guess we were both more tired than we thought. I woke up at around six to find myself sprawled upon my couch with a blanket draped over me and Mike was on the chair snoring away rather loudly. I wiped my eyes with my left hand when I heard my phone vibrate. I retrieved it from underneath the coffee table to find the text I knew I was going to find as routine. Good morning Bella x. Can I call you yet?;) -E He always did this despite the fact that he knew I was going to say no to him as I had been for the past month. I didn't mind it, I was just wondering when he was going to give up on it. I looked over to Mike to find him soundly asleep so I decided it was safe to text him. Good afternoon to you. The answer is still no. -B I shoved my phone into my pocket while I got up off the couch and stretched. I walked upstairs to the bathroom to get ready for the morning as I didn't see the point in going back to sleep since Mike and I were going up to Port Angeles with some other friends in a few hours. I quickly showered and did my other morning routines when I heard my phone's ringer go off. I only rolled my eyes off at his attempt. Once I was cleaned up and dressed, I headed to the kitchen to make Mike and me something to eat, but not without looking at my phone along the way. Boo! You're no fun Bella! Someday Bella. Someday x. Anyway, what's the lady doing up at six? -E I guess I shouldn't have tried texting him back while I was heading to the kitchen. I stubbed my toe on the leg of a table and I yelled out some profanities that caused Mike to come a running. I was leaning against the wall rubbing my damn toe when he found me. "Bella, what's wrong?" he questioned, acting like there was a serial killer somewhere. "Nothing. I just stubbed my toe," I grumbled, rubbing my toe a bit more before moving along to the kitchen with Mike following me. I was getting out a pan to make some eggs and other breakfast crap when Mike came up behind me and slapped my ass rather harshly, making me flinch. I turned around and gave him my bitch face. No one was permitted to slap my ass. "Stop with the face, Swan. You woke me up at six in the morning on the weekend. The least I can get is to slap your ass." He smirked. I walked up to Mike and slapped the back of his head while grumbling to him that he was just a perverted boy like all the guys my age were. Nevertheless, I made us both breakfast and we talked about our plans later that day. We were going to a mall in Port Angeles, but I was going to be dragged to some clothing store against my will because of my friend, Alice Brandon. Gosh, I loved the girl, but she was so energetic when it came to the mall. Once breakfast was done with, Mike went upstairs to clean himself up before we left. I sat on the couch and watched some local news. I wasn't quite sure going out was the best idea when I should've been doing some school stuff, but my friends insisted on it. I heard something on the TV about the UK and that's when I realized that I forgot to text back Edward. I woke up at six because my friends and I were going to the mall in a few hours. Sorry, I stubbed my toe when I was beginning to text you and I completely forgot until now. –B His response came almost immediately. Poor toe. I'd kiss you to make you forget the pain x –E We'd been flirting over the phone ever since we began texting each other, and I can't say that it bothered me at all. In a way, this was all making me feel guilty and wanted at the same time. I never met this person yet I was flirting with him and telling him some personal stuff about me. I'd let you;) And I'm not going to be able to text you as much today. My friends don't know about you and I'd prefer it stay that way… -B My friends were already suspicious of why I was on my phone so often and I didn't need to support their case by texting him while we were at the mall. Sadly, I never got a text back from him for a while. Mike eventually came back down and we were on our way to the mall in Port Angeles. As I closed the door to my home, I couldn't shake the feeling that I might've sent my last text to Edward. *Dirty Little Secret* Why? Are you ashamed of me or something? Now, I'm not one to brag, but my brother and some of my other friends know about you. –E I received that text while I was waiting outside the changing room for Alice. It took him almost four hours to respond to that, but I could read the poison within that text. He knew that I had never done something like this before. Plus I didn't want my girlfriends freaking out about him. It took about an hour and five more outfits for Alice to try on before I finally responded to him. No, I'm not ashamed or anything. I just live in a small town and I don't need my dad hearing through the grapevine that I'm texting a guy from the UK that I've never met. Remember he's a cop. I've never done something like this before. You know that… -B After Alice bought like ten outfits, we headed to the food court to grab something to eat and to wait for the rest of our friends to meet us there. I grabbed a sub while Alice got a salad. We were chatting amongst school about the teachers and classes we hated and loved then she got into talking about some of the cute guys at school. I kind of tuned her out once she started talking about the guys on the