Disclaimer: I will only write this once but it's meant for the whole story. I do not own Lord of the Rings or the characters therein, merely I borrow them for a short while as playthings in my own twisted imagination come to life within my story. I have seen this idea done several times already and got inspired to try my own hand at this type of story. Thus if it resembles several other well written stories of a similar topic, this has not been done deliberately on my part and I apologize in advance for any similarities to other stories already out there. "Speaking" Thoughts' "Mind Communication" Where to begin? His graceful hand lifting slowly from the curved blank page, as his thoughts stalled for a moment on that single question; where to begin? While the other hand absently brushed strands of his golden hued hair away from his face and tucked it behind one pointed ear. Outside, the soft sun danced on the trees and shimmered into his window, when a path could be found through the shielding trees. And still the window, decorated with coloured drapes cast the illusion of leaves on the floor of his room. He could hear the young ones laughs as they chased their queries through the court yard and through the trees. The birds sang and noises of the forest became like a symphony for those that knew how to listen to it. The trees voices echoing through the glade, singing, enjoying the temporary relief from the coming darkness; still celebrating the return of someone they had thought lost many years before. Not only the trees celebrated but the elves that lived in union with them did too. Feasts and other merry making, songs and competitions testing speed, endurance and skill with long range targets and short range fighting; all who could participated in, including his father. Where to begin when there were so many places he could begin from. From the start of his life or from the start of his adventures in Arda; and as he looked back on the more recent past he wasn't sure where it truly began, if the beginning could not have a starting place, but many. Should he begin at his beginning, his birth? But that story had already been told, or at his supposed death from the hideous spiders which haunted the fair forest for so long; the ones that had killed his Mother? Or his escape by throwing himself into a raging river in a corner of the forest he did not know. He decided that would be the beginning. The river. And lowered his quill to the parchment to begin to write, thoughts flowing from his hand like the river that flowed around him; seeking to pull him into its icy depths and keep him locked there forever. He paused suddenly, looking back on his life, and dropped the quill. The cold had been like nothing he had ever felt. It shocked him, when he jumped in, to avoid the painful death from the spiders that had given him chase. And he was swept away, not strong enough to swim against the current and back to a shore. He remembered the panic of fighting for the surface so many times that even with his enhanced elven memory he could not count. And the seeming eternity that passed until strong arms circled him and pulled him from the cold grip of the stream. He was barely conscious, suffering from the one bite that he had suffered from the small spider that had caught up with him. It had pinned him and bit him once before he instinctively kicked at its stomach and sent it flying back. All he saw, before the darkness claimed him, was that he was not in the forest anymore. Instead a field, separated only by sparse trees and mountains stood barely visible to even him. And he awoke, in a bed, covered by a thick blanket. An elderly woman sat at his side, and smiled down at him. Her smile had reminded him of someone, but he could not remember who. He remembered crying at that moment, scared as no answer came to her gentle questions. She had asked for his name, he did not remember. She asked where he came from, that too was blank but for a fleeting impression of dark green trees. That image faded instantly and he was unsure if he had remembered it or it had been a flight of fantasy. He did not bother mentioning it to the healer. He cried in her arms, still a young child by their count. He was over three centuries old at that point but resembled a child of five at the most. All he knew from that point on of his parents was that the smile of the woman that kept him alive for the weeks he had been ill, reminded him of someone that he had been close too. But he could never explain how that smile made him feel a pressing sadness too, as if a buried memory attached itself to some grief that he could not remember. And from that point on, and indeed until he met his father again, he did not know who he was or where he came from, even his name laid blank. But sometimes when he laid quiet under the spell of the few trees around the tiny village he resided in he could almost hear his true name being whispered in his mind. The village elder gave him a human name, Girrak, as nothing else could be deemed as his name; nor did this village have contact with Elves that could have at least given him a name from his people; for the centuries he had spent in that village, he went by that name. And there he stayed, raised by countless generations of the same family that had saved him from the rivers touch. He could close his eyes and flashes of their faces danced across his memories. He remembered at six centuries, holding a newborn baby human in his arms, and having the funny feeling that soon this little human would soon be his caregiver. How the small infant would soon grow up and be older than he. He had looked ten. He had never been mistreated by the village or the family he lived with, as all loved the first born race on Arda. But inside he knew he was different, knew he would never be like these pleasant humans that patiently raised him and guided him along until he was old enough to be out on his own. And in between his six and seventh century he discovered trees and their voices. He realized that it was not his imagination whispering across his mind when he concentrated on a tree, but its individual voice; he recalled nearly falling out of said tree he had been resting in when the sleepy voice answered his unconscious thought into it. The tree had claimed that it had been several hundred years since the last being had spoken to it, and had understood its answer. And that started his love of the trees. When he was done his chores for the day, he would always sneak away to that glade to speak with that tree again. They had become friends. And from that discovery of the voices within trees he had slowly started to hear all the voices of nature, he could understand them but could not speak to the animals the way he could to the trees. He would wander away and spend several hours a day in their company, listening to their stories and learning about their past. They were his second teachers. And through them he learned many things about nature that humans could never know. The one thing he cherished the most was their gradual reintroduction of the elvish languages into his dialogue. He had been so young when he had last heard elvish and hearing it once more reassured him that he did belong somewhere, even if it wasn't here. Sadly he had almost forgotten the languages his people spoke as he spent time with the humans. And so in the company of the sparse tree, he slowly learned to rely on the trees for camouflage and to move as they did, undetected by all whom passed looking for him; he had always felt at home lying on a tree branch watching the flickering light of the sun dance in patterns on their leaves. The village men had trained them as best they could in combat with a sword, but none had ever seen hard times, neither by a war with other greedy men or by the series of dark things that began to slowly sweep across the plains at night, did not have much to offer him; but he never forgot their sincerity or their lack of trying. Oddly he never grew to love fighting with a sword but despite this dislike he soon bested his teachers, in both weapons training and learned all he could from the healers and other people that claimed to hold much knowledge in the village. And just under a millennia of age and around the human standard age of fifteen, he traveled away from the tired little village and at the cluster of trees that sat above a hill he turned and bade goodbye to the place that had become a home to him. And bade goodbye to an old friend, the first tree that had awoken to his minds' touch and had whispered back to him that sunny day when he had been so young. He did not forget the trees almost prophetic answer to him when it learned he was leaving. 'I must leave, my friend. Be well.' 'Stay well, Child of the Forest. You will find you past in the Great Forest. Seek the company of your own.' 'Such odd words for such a sad time. But I will listen to your words, I will seek my past.' 'Do not be sad…You're call awoken me from a deep sleep, and I cherish the time we were together. Goodbye tree friend. May your journey be blessed.' 'May the Valar keep you well.' He had unconsciously responded. He overlooked the village one last time before leaping from his perch and running swiftly away from the only home he could remember, not looking back; afraid that if he did he would louse his nerve and return there to live in obscurity for the next millennia. And so began his travels, in the deepest wilds of Arda. Learning as he went from those mortal and immortal alike that he met on the way. It was in a dark forest glade that he first met a human ranger. He circled the odd human warily looking for any sign that he should have to fight. The darkly dressed human regarded him, arms held away from his numerous weapons in a non threatening manner, and then to his surprise spoke to him calmly assuring that he had no interest in a fight. Soon he let down his guard and they became friends, sharing camp together and swapping stories. He had hesitantly let it be known that this was his first journey away from his home and he did not have much combat training. Here he met his third teacher, one that instructed him in short arms combat with daggers instead of a sword, and was the first one to introduce him to a bow and quiver. They traveled together for many moons; until they reached the golden forests of Lorien. And within the glowing depths of the golden forest he met the first of his kind in nearly six centuries. It was an awkward meeting, both circling each other, feinting in both hand to hand combat as well as in their answers and questions of one another. The