(Caution, If you haven't read the first two (Lord of theRings:2003, and Lord of the Rings 2003:Back to M-E) go read them before you even START this one…just so y'all understand what's going on! ) An- Well…HERE WE ARE AGAIN! I know we said that we'd let y'all pick the girls' ending, but hey…we LIED! We honestly were just going to leave it at the second one, but then after the sequel was finished, the girls' story just didn't feel complete . People who write their own stories might understand what we're talking about…when a character's story just doesn't feel finished/complete it's hard to let it just stop. So here's the third and final part of The Lord Of The Rings: 2003 (which, with this one included, will be a trilogy…lol) story…hope you enjoy. Another big thing, is that all four of us are writing again (how long that lasts, I haven't a clue…by the end of the last one, Niori was writing all by herself). We feel that the development of characters is important and that this is a great opportunity to build up the characters and get to know them better before drawing the story to complete closure (Erin's words, not mine). It's going to be a darker story than the first two…and we kinda tweaked what really happened after the War of the Ring, For instance, Frodo did not go to the Grey Havens, instead he stayed in The Shire for his son, Elijah and to honour Erin's wishes. There's a few little things like that we've changed, but we hope you enjoy this story non the less…it's a whole new ball game in this one…and not everyone will come out of it alive… Enjoy, Niori, Jane, Erin and Carla Chapter One " I wish," Erin whispered softly, " God I wish that I…that we, could see them again. I wish that we could all be together again…me and Frodo and Elijah…with all of our friends from Middle-Earth. I wish that you guys to be together with the ones you love again…I wish that we could feel like we belong again…" A split second passed from when the words left Erin's mouth, and then there was a brilliant flash of white light… Niori at first thought that her car had exploded as the blast of light engulfed her. She heard Carla, who was sitting in the passenger side beside her, give out a short cry of surprise as whatever happened, happened. She grabbed onto the steering wheel tightly, trying to anchor herself from whatever had just happened. Niori opened her mouth to scream, but before the sound of fear could escape from her parted lips, it was all over…the light had subsided as suddenly as it had appeared, and Niori found herself still sitting on her butt, but this time not on the cushy leather seats of her Vett, but on the hard, cold and damp ground. Niori's eyes flew open instantly as the light subsided, and frantically she looked around her. No longer was she in her car, sitting with her friends, but now she sat on the damp ground at the edge of a huge, expansive forest. Her heart leapt into her throat as her gaze wandered to the forest before her…God, it looked so familiar! Those trees…they looked so…. The thought was broken off as Niori realized one other thing that wasn't about her new scenery…the fact that she was all alone. Carla, Jane and Erin weren't here…though they had been in the car with her, they weren't here … " CARLA!" Niori cried out, bolting to her feet and whirling around for some indication that her friends were there, " JANE! ERIN!" There was no sound to answer her…only the beckoning silence that the forest responded with. It was so weird…not even any bird calls emitted from anywhere inside those creepy looking trees…it was like absolutely nothing lived inside that forest. The silence from inside it reminded her so much of what it had been like when, over a year ago, she had traveled through Fangorn Forest with the three Fellowship members, Jane and Carla… Then it all hit her. Oh God…Oh God, the white light! The damn white that always flashed and appeared when somebody changed worlds…traveled between Niori's Earth and Middle- Earth…It hadn't been her car exploding at all… " I can't be here," Niori heard herself whisper, running her palm down the base of a tree to see if it was real or not…this didn't just look like Fangorn Forest, Niori realized now, it was Fangorn Forest…" I have to be dreaming…none of this can be real. It's just another dream…" She had been dreaming about Middle-Earth for the past year…dreaming about returning to the magickal world and then rushing into Legolas's arms and staying that way forever. Even though she didn't doubt that her (and the other three girls') decision to return home a year ago had been the right one, it didn't mean that she couldn't wish that she had stayed. She felt tears sting her eyes, but she blinked them back. Damnit…she couldn't go through this! Not again! She had carried the pain of loss for the past year…and with every Middle-Earth dream she had had over the past year, that pain only got worse. It hurt so much to remember what she had lost…and the only thing that had really kept her sane this past year was Jane, Carla and Erin. They understood what she was going through…what she had lost…they were the only ones left in the entire world that could understand anything about her. " Not again…please not again," she whispered to herself, taking her hand off a tree and wiping the tears from her eyes. She felt so weak whenever she cried like this…it hurt, but she highly doubted that anyone else (besides Erin, but that was obvious because she had lost her son too) burst into tears whenever they thought back to the memories of Middle-Earth. Suddenly, she felt the edge of a pointed object poke lightly (just enough that she could feel it) into the small of her back. Her breath stopped short as she realized that a weapon was bearing into her back…and the fact she had absolutely nothing to defend herself with…her hand-to-hand combat skills left something to be desired. Niori's body went rigid, not from fear, but from the realization that if she tried to move to defend herself, she'd most likely die. And then after another moment, she realized that it was an arrow that was threatening her (which made her long for the protection her own bow provided). " Don't move!" a silky, feminine and British accented voice commanded from directly behind her. Niori silently cursed herself…she should have heard this person coming! It had only been a year, and because she had stopped using them, all of the skills she had learned when in Middle-Earth were rusty. She had used to be able to hear someone coming from half a mile away (when on guard, that is), but she hadn't been that aware of anything for a year…God, her weapon skills were probably rusty as hell too! " How about," Niori forced herself to speak with an even voice that made her sound fearless, " you remove the bow from my back and point it somewhere else…or better yet, put the arrow away," The person behind her didn't answer…and Niori silently cursed again. Who the hell was this person! She waited in a somewhat fearful silence…what was this person going to do? Shoot her and leave her body laying somewhere on the edge of Fangorn Forest? " Turn around," the voice spoke again, her voice cold and commanding, " very slowly," Niori, knowing she could do nothing else, slowly pivoted on her feet, making sure that her hands were within this person's sight. She made no sudden movements and when she had finally turned around and found herself facing her attacker, and she heard herself gasp. Standing before Niori, her bow drawn tightly in Niori's direction was an Elf maiden. Besides just being an Elf, she had to be the most beautiful woman Niori had ever seen (and she had seen a few, Arwen, Gladriel and Eowyn among them). The She-Elf had a face that any fashion model would kill for; High cheekbones that made her face have an angelic shape, a small heart-shaped mouth that matched perfectly with the perfectly angular nose. Her eyes were perfect almond shapes, and were the most amazing sea colored eyes that Niori had ever seen, and the pale, creamy skin that she had only made these eyes stand out even more. Her head was covered in long, golden hair that cascaded down around her back and shoulders like a giant, golden wave. Sticking out from this magnificent hair, were the two, leaf shaped ears that all Elves had (which was a dead giveaway to their race). She wore a long, sea colored dress that clung to her perfectly curved body and brought out the rare color of her eyes. A small, silver quiver was attached to her back, and it matched the silver bow that the Elf held, drawn in her hand. " Jesus," Niori heard herself whisper, not sure if it was the shock of seeing an Elf again or if it was from seeing this Elf's sheer beauty. The Elf gave Niori a look over now that she could fully she her. As her sea colored eyes passed over Niori's jean Mini-skirt and Purple halter top, a look of suspicious confusion entered her eyes. As her eyes passed from Niori's clothes on to her face (which showed confusion and apprehension), she felt a cold certainty swell in her heart. " Tell me," The Elf spoke, her voice seeming to drip with suspicion, " what kind of woman would wander around the edge of Fangorn Forest unarmed in times like these…" Niori opened her mouth to reply, to tell the Elf that she had no idea how she had gotten here…that she was lost. Yet before the words could roll off Niori's tongue, the Elf spoke again and silenced her…her question had obviously been rhetorical. " One who is either a simpleton or one who would wish to seem like one…to seem as someone not to fear," The Elf spoke again, a coldness in her voice like Niori had only heard once before…back when she was fifteen and her mother had told her she wished that Niori had never been born. It caused a shiver to travel up Niori's spine as the memories flashed back to her… " You are now my prisoner," Niori's mouth dropped open in surprise. What the hell was going on! Why the hell was this Elf treating her like some sort of spy…like the enemy! Last time Niori had been in Middle- Earth, there had basically been no 'enemy' left! " I don't bloody well think so!" Niori spoke angrily, forgetting for a moment that she was unarmed and she found herself reaching for her (non-present) Elvish knife. As the Elf noticed Niori moving, supposedly going for some hidden weapon, she aimed her bow directly for Niori's heart…and at this range, there was no chance she'd miss. Niori stopped short of reaching for where her weapons would have been (yet weren't…she still hadn't got used to not having them with her 24/7), realizing that this Elf maiden would not hesitate to kill her. Clenching her teeth together, Niori dropped her arms back down to her sides. She was not a battle she could win…it was either go with the Elf and get it straighten everything out later, or die here resisting her. " You'll come with me to the assembled camp," The Elf hissed coldly, " Where you can be properly questioned. Now move!" Gritting her teeth together, Niori let herself be led through the thick of the forest. They moved through