An- First off may we say that we cannot believe we are here right now. LOL. I think we all have trouble letting go...and we totally blame a few reviewers; if you hadn't brought up the idea of the whole DVD extra/ appendeix thing, we never would have thought about it! But here you went and gave us an excuse to keep up LOTR 2003, and how could we not take it? Of course, there are a few things different here; for starters, it's stuff from the entire series, and it's all the little parts we either didn't think up the first time around, or stuff we left out to save time (or becasue the extended version of the movie hadn't come out yet lol). There's also going to be stuff from aftet where 'The Final Journey' left off (as per request). There's also some rewrites becasue I couldn't stop twitching as I read them (lovely gr.8 writing and all). For now they'll be in some sort of cronological order, but that may not last. Also, there is no set amount of 'chapters'; if something comes to us, we'll write it, and that goes for how much we'll 'update' too. There's no set pattern here on this one. Oh, and in order to avoid confusion, there will be a little note somewhere on the page about why/what this 'chapter' is about. Now, onto this post in particular; as the title says, it is the dance from the first story re-written. There are many things that I thought needed to be updated with this part; we wrote this as thriteen year olds who were trying to protray seventeen year olds. I think we did pretty good for our time, but now that we're quite a bit older (and can say the word 'sex' without giggling for that matter) I thought I'd give it another go. And yes I am the only one who rewrote this, including the other girls' parts. I tried to change theirs as little as possible, but I need y'all to know that their interuptations might have been a little different! Now enjoy! Chapter Seven "Do you have a Green Dragon here?" Merry's curious voice brought Erin out of her thoughts (which seemed to be filled with Frodo as of late). "A wha-" Erin began to ask, but then the answer came to her, "oh, you mean a bar?" At the mention of the word bar Niori looked up and focused in on the conversation. "We have quite a few," Erin replied, "but I'm fairly certain that none of them are called The Green Dragon." "Nope," Niori piped up as the resident expert in local bars, "Well can we go?" Merry asked after there was silence. Erin actually burst out laughing. "We have this thing called legal age here in Canada, and you don't look it; you Hobbits look like kids, and us girls are underage." "So that's a no?" Merry asked in a disappointed voice. Erin just shook her head. Thank God, because Erin hated bars. "You know, there's actually a dance going on at the centre tonight," Jane cut in after she heard the tail end of the conversation, "we could always hit that. We could just say that we're showing visiting…family, around. There is no age limit, so we could say we're 'babysitting' family who has nothing else to do." "It will get us out of the house…" Erin said, weighing the potential for fun against the potential for problems (maybe even disaster). "I'm sure the others don't really want to go, and they'd watch the Hobbits…" Niori ventured. While Erin hated bars, Niori practically lived in them. "No," Jane and Erin both replied flatly. Niori looked even more disappointed than Merry as she grumbled under her breath about Thursdays being ladies night. "Let's go tell the others," Erin spoke, "and then go get dressed." l.l.l.l.l After two hours of waiting in the living room, the Fellowship was getting extremely irritated and tired of waiting for the girls. "How long does it take to get changed?" muttered Aragorn. "For these four," Legolas yawned, "it seems forever." Finally, after ten more minutes of waiting, the first of the four girls came down the stairs in a very model like manner. Erin came first; she had her normally straight hair crimped, and wore the tiniest bit of pinkish makeup. She had on a navy blue pair of hip hugger jeans and a spaghetti strap, pink tank top that had 'Angel' written across the chest. Next, Jane came elegantly down the stairs. Her hair was put up in a mass of curls. She wore silver eye shadow that made her eyes stand insanely out. Her outfit consisted of a tight pair of black flare jeans with sparkly stars up the side and a dark red tube top, supporting a giant green, pink and blue butterfly in the middle. After Jane came Carla. Her long, dark hair tumbled over her shoulders and down her back opposed to a bouncy pony tail. She only wore the most natural coloured makeup, but her normally tomboyish clothes were replaced by a thick strap black tank top that went perfectly with the loose pair of light blue jeans. Last but not least, Niori descended the stairs. Her normally mess of wavy curls had been straightened and flipped out at the ends and her make up was dark, giving her a smoky, femme fatal look. She wore a tight jean skirt that reached mid thigh at most. To go with the skirt, she wore a purple halter top that cut off to reveal her small stomach. Unlike the rest of them, she wore stiletto sandals the same colour if her shirt. For fun, when she got to where the others were, she did a spin and then a pose. Then she stood with the other three, waiting for the Fellowship's reaction. The Fellowship members were completely dumbfounded. "That's right," Erin spoke with a laugh when they were silent, "we clean up real good." "What are you talking about? I look this good all of the time." "Of course Niori," Jane rolled her eyes and then checked her watch, "Let's go!" Everyone piled into Carla's van and Niori's car and headed for the dance. l.l.l.l At the dance, Erin found herself somehow sitting on the bleachers, alone with Frodo. Both sat there a little awkwardly, trying to start a conversation that ended up trailing off into silence. It had never been this bad when someone else was there…only now that they were alone. Because she knew herself, Erin could pinpoint exactly what was happening; she could be relaxed and flirty normally, but when she was alone with a guy she really cared for she felt uncomfortable. That meant that she liked Frodo . Really liked him. "I'm…going to get punch…" Frodo nodded and she got up to walk across the dance floor. As she made her way across, Erin looked around to locate her other friends. The other three Hobbits were dancing a crazy jig at one end of the gym with Jane half watching them as she talked to a few girls from their school. Carla sat with the other Fellowship members at a table, looking bored. Niori of course was out dancing, surrounded by her usual crowd of guys, all undoubtedly hoping to get lucky. In fact, Niori was the only one who seemed to be having a good time. Erin poured punch into two glasses and then made her way back to where Frodo still sat, greeting people she knew as she went. "Here you go," she said as she handed the plastic cup filled with pink liquid. Frodo took it and took a sip. Erin sat down and downed her drink in one gulp. It had a strange taste to it, but Erin quickly put that fact to the back of her mind. God she felt nervous. She was about to suggest that they go join the others when Frodo spoke. "This is good…am I allowed to have more?" "Of course," Erin replied, going on the punch run again. The trek across the gym was repeated a dozen times, and with each glass Erin felt herself beginning to relax. Not only was the tension flooding out of her, but Erin was beginning to feel down right giddy. She was laughing at every little thing, and found that Frodo was doing the same thing. Soon enough, they were both roaring at something completely foolish that the other had said. "Anyway this one time…" Erin spoke, her voice becoming giggly as her mind shot off in a completely different direction, "…did I tell you how sexy you look?" "A few times," was Frodo's also giddy reply. Her eyebrows furrowed in concentration; she had said that? When? And why couldn't she remember? Actually, as she tried to really force herself to concentrate, she realized that everything was kind of fuzzy. "This punch is really good," Erin rambled on. "Yeah," Frodo said. Out of nowhere Frodo grabbed onto Erin's hand and pulled her out onto the dance floor. He began to do a Hobbit jig with her, and she was laughing so hard that she was almost doubled over. Suddenly she felt faint and dizzy. Erin swayed on her feet, her mind going hazy as she did. Someone was there, holding her up. Erin blinked a few times until her eyes could focus again. Jane was standing there, holding her arm to steady her. "Erin?" she asked, "What's wrong?" "I feel dizzy…" Erin murmured, her voice dazed. Without a word Jane led Erin back to the bleachers and sat her down. Frodo followed, almost tripping once but managing to make it. He flopped down beside her and without realizing what he was doing, leaned his head on Erin's shoulder. Jane gave them a strange look before she spoke. "Just sit down awhile Erin." "Can I have more punch?" Erin asked, barely registering what Jane had said as she shoved her empty glass in her direction. "Sure…" Jane replied, a little suspicious as she left. Yet again it was just Erin and Frodo. "I like you Frodo…" she whispered, fully aware of how close he was. "I like you too…" Frodo replied, fully aware of just how revealing Erin's shirt was. Frodo lifted his head off of her shoulder and leaned up to kiss her on the lips. Erin jerked away, nearly falling over. Tears actually swarmed his eyes as he stammered. "I'm sorry…you said…" "No! It's not that!" Erin reassured him, "You just look too young! I don't want to get arrested!" Frodo looked confused, but Erin didn't have enough mind to explain the concept of legal age or child molestation. "But I want to kiss you…" Frodo continued softly. Erin wanted him to kiss her too. "We need somewhere more private. Let's go…" So she took hold of Frodo's hand and walked out with him, her heart hammering in anticipation of that kiss he had promised her. l.l.l.l Jane was beginning to get an idea of what was wrong with Erin. In order to test her theory, Jane took a sip of the punch she had just poured…and then spit it out immediately. "Eww, someone spiked the punch!" Then she realized that if Erin and Frodo had been drinking it for the past two hours, it meant that the others might have been too. "Hey!" she called over to the table where most of them were at, "Did you guys have any punch?" In response to her question, Jane received a few drunken yells. It was then that Jane saw the large pile of punch cups that had littered the table beside them. "Oh no," Jane moaned, covering her mouth, "They're all drunk!" She looked around frantically for where her other friends could be. Erin and Frodo were gone and Niori and Carla were nowhere to be seen. "Oh my God," Jane moaned, "I