(A/N: Bonjour to my new readers, I'm Amiee. :) A few things I need to say before we start in on the fun. 1st, this is my first Hunger Games story, and I'm super excited about it. Just an FYI-if you ever have a question or a comment, please, feel free to message me, or you can always leave it in a review. 2nd, before anyone tells me, I know this story is labeled a Katniss/Peeta fic, and trust me, it will be. Gale will be in the picture for some time though, so please, just bare with me. I love both Peeta and Gale for different reasons. This story will be a lot more than just a romance/fluffy love story. It's going to be angsty, and emotional, and yes, even sometimes dark. But in the end, it's a story about never letting the fire burn out of you. It is also a bit AU (alternate universe), so please don't inform me that what I'm doing isn't in the book. I know that. And finally, 3rd, this will be rated M for several reasons, so if you aren't comfortable with mature elements, then this story isn't for you. Anyways, that's it. Please feel free to read and review, they help me a lot! Thanks!) Some say the world will end in fire, Some say in ice. From what I've tasted of desire, I hold with those who favor fire. But if it had to perish twice, I think I know enough of hate To say that for destruction ice Is also great And would suffice. -Robert Frost; Fire and Ice Passing Through Hell I hate the phrase 'what if'. It makes me think too much, and when I think too much, I tend to drift off to a different place, where all I can see is red and all I can feel is anger and hatred. My actions and my actions alone have caused a lot of pain in not only my life, but the lives of people that I love, too. That's when the guilt hits me like a brick wall. What if I had tried this or that differently? Would the outcome have been any different? Probably not. Prim on the other hand, loves playing the game though, and usually asks me to play on the days where she has nothing else better to do. I can't say no to her, of course, so I play off my best smile, and work out a convincing laugh, and join in. In the back of my mind, I wonder why people would want to talk and think about such things. In a world where we all don't have much, why does my sister want to imagine a life so much different than how things are now? Isn't it painful to think about? To think that if we had won the war, that we could live in peace, with our mother, and all of our friends? If things ended differently, they would all still probably be alive, no question about it. When we go to the Registration Bureau each year, they always ask me how old I am. I always say the truth, obviously, but deep inside, a part of me feels like I died after the 75th Games. That's when everything fell apart. Every dream I had, every vision of what I wanted world to look like when we were all finally free of the Capitol, was shattered and smashed into a million pieces after that night. …... We never made it to District 13. Hell, we probably didn't even escape the city itself before the hovercraft malfuctioned and caused us to crash not far from where the arena had once stood. We were told later on that the Capitol had suspected where Plutarch Heavensbee's true alleigance was, and once it was reported that he and one of the many hovercraft were missing, they were able to tap into the mechanics of the aircraft from their control center and bring us down. I don't remember much after the crash. I was told days later that Beetee, the brilliant victor from District 3, had been killed on impact. The other people who had saved me on the hovercraft-Haymitch, Finnick, Plutarch, and Gale, had all been taken to seperate, isolated rooms in the medical building of which we were all staying. And when I was able to sit up on my own, I asked to see each of them, but was quickly denied access by the employees that worked there. The doctors made up tons of excuses of how my coordination was off, and how my legs were still frail and too weak to hold me up, and how I was ordered to stay in the same clean smelling, white decorated room until further notice. And so, that's what I did for another week. I layed on that bed, read what books were given to me, and occasionally, I was able to flick on the oversized television hanging from the ceiling in front of me. There wasn't much to watch, though. The shows they advertised were vain and shallow: how to dye your hair a perfect turquiose, buy your new clothes at this boutique or that, or, as always, the same commercial would pop up every once in a while. It was Snow, sitting on the patio in front of his mention, smiling at the monitor and reminding citizens that in times of trial, it was best to report 'suspicious' behavior for the good of the country. The man was beyond paranoid, though he had every right to be. I wasn't stupid enough not to admit it. I had messed up his whole system with offering Peeta the berries in the Games the year before. And, because of that, I had made the Capitol look foolish, and instantly, uprisings formed in the various districts of Panem. And of course, the strong part of me wanted to join in and rid ourselves of the oppressive, evil government of my home forever, but once the President threatened to not only have Gale killed, but my family, I knew I had to cooperate with him and play his sick little game. Once I broke that force field over the arena though, things had changed. Snow knew I'd no longer do what he told me to do. That's where all the problems started. Problems far bigger than I had ever dreamed of. That's what I had thought about all the time. Snow's fury and what that meant for me. Obviously, my death was almost guaranteed...but how would he do it? Would he allow for it to be in secret? Probably not. Because I was a victor, he'd probably have a firing squad shoot me on live television. Those thoughts and more haunted me day, and night. And at night, when everything was eerily quiet, and I could bare to think about him, I'd think of Peeta, and how much I wanted to know that he was at least safe. More than that though, I wanted him beside me. I wanted him to sleep beside me and hold me in his arms. I wanted to be able to hear his soft, sweet, still voice as he tried to assure me that things would be alright, even if he didn't believe it. He had always had a way with words, and that was one of the many reasons I loved him. If and when I broke down, he'd be my crutch...whether it was in the Games, or on the Victory Tour, or whatever. He was always there for me to lean on when I needed him the most. Sometimes, when we'd lay side by side on my bed on the train, we would just stare at each other until my eyes would grow to heavy and I'd fall asleep. His eyes though, were so mesmerizing, it wasn't fair. It was both weird and painful to sleep without him though, and there were some nights when I wouldn't be able to sleep at all. Those nights were spent asking every attendant who entered my room where exactly he was. When they'd ignore my questions, I'd start to demand to know, and that only left me with more questions than before. One of the attendants had said that he was in a better place than I was, but that he'd never be able to leave or escape it. That statement both confused and scared me. If he couldn't leave...then it certainly meant that he was being held there against his own will. There was no way in hell that Peeta would want to be contained and locked up in the Capitol's cages. Knowing that, drove me to find more answers. After trying for several nights, I was eventually handcuffed to the side of my bed and denied any more kind of information. So, I was left with the knowledge of what had been giving to me. I could never find Peeta, and since I couldn't find him, I had to at the very least, stick to the hope that wherever he was in the city, that he was doing better than I was. Snow visited me the morning I was scheduled to be released from the sickly-sweet smelling hospital. As a stood, gathering what few belongings I had left, he entered my room without a sound, and I remember startling as I turned around to face him and the two white-clad Peacekeepers who lingered behind him. He had never been one to physically intimidate me, but in that moment, he looked truly terrifying. More monster, than a man. There was fire in his eyes, and the stench of blood and roses filled the room and burned my nose to badly, I had to place a hand over it. He stood there for a few seconds, just staring at me with burning eyes, and then, he smiled an all too familiar smile. I had seen it on magazine covers and television broadcasts. That was when he told me oh-so-subtly, that because of my choices, not only would I pay the price, but my loved ones would too, in ways that I couldn't even begin to fathom. When I heard that, it sent a frenzy through my body, and I practically lunged for him, but stopped myself short. He looked both surprised and amused, and although I was too prideful to beg him to not go along with what he had planned, I did try to negotiate with him. I wanted to take the place of the people I cared about, and literally spewed hundreds of potential options from my mouth in order to persuade him. I told him that I would stay in the Capitol for the rest of my life, that I would become an Avox and serve until the day I stopped breathing. Those were only a couple of the ideas I managed to spew out of my mouth. But, despite my efforts, he rejected every single one of them immediately. So, after a quick goodbye, he left the room, and I was left to the petrifying thoughts that filled my head. What the hell was he going to do to me? Or...worse, what would he do to the people that meant the most to me? After being escorted home under a heavy Peacekeeper presence, Snow allowed me to move into a new house back home. I couldn't live with Prim or my mother under his orders, but they weren't far away. And, still living in the house I grew up in, it was somewhat comforting to venture off during the day to see them. I had missed them a lot...especially Prim. It was crazy to me how every day, she seemed less and less like the little girl I had known my whole life, and more of a young woman. It both saddened and excited me. I didn't really know how the whole ordeal affected my mother, though.