Harry pushed away his plate and stood up from the table. "Harry?" said Hermione. "Where are you going?" "I just need to be alone for a bit," Harry replied uneasily, even though he gave a small, reassuring smile. Hermione nibbled a bit at her lower lip, but nodded once. "Well, okay, I guess…" Without giving her a clear answer, Harry started to walk out of the Great Hall, his gaze focused on his shoes. There were just three weeks left before the Yule Ball, and Harry still had no date. He was seriously beginning to get desperate. He needed someone, goddamnit! What was he supposed to do if he couldn't find a date? Oh, and he got so nervous around girls- Suddenly, he bumped into someone, causing them to nearly fall over and startling him out of his desperate musings. He looked up, and was about to say sorry, when he met the gray eyes of none other than Draco Malfoy. "Potter," he sneered. "Watch where you're going." "Malfoy," Harry replied, but it lacked its usual sharp edge. He was about to retort something sarcastic, but the words that fell out of his mouth were friendly enough, and would appear completely sincere to anyone watching. "Will you go to the Yule Ball with me?" SASSASSASSA Harry was pacing furiously across the Gryffindor Fourth Year dorms. "Harry, mate, what's going on?" Ron asked from his position on his bed. "You've been acting weird all day." Harry groaned and dropped down into his own bed, putting his head in his hands. "I asked Malfoy to the Ball," he muttered. "Err... could you repeat that? I don't think I heard you." "I asked Draco Malfoy to the Yule Ball," Harry repeated, loud and clear for the whole Dorm to hear. Seamus made a choked sound. The glass of water Neville held shattered. "Blimey," Ron breathed. "Well, but- he didn't say yes, did he?" Harry slapped his hands over his face again. "He did ," he wailed. "I asked Draco Malfoy to the Yule Ball and he said yes !" "Why did you ask him?" Seamus wanted to know. "Why the bloody hell did you ask Draco Malfoy to the Yule Ball? He's a bloke!" "I don't know," Harry whispered. "I was about to say something snarky but then it just- fell out of me!" "He said yes," Ron whimpered, falling back on his bed to stare up at the ceiling. "Blimey." Harry moaned in pain. He couldn't say no, either. Not now. There wasn't enough time left for him to find another date, he didn't dare take the chance. Bloody fuck. SASSASSASSA Draco walked back to the Slytherin Common Room in a daze. When he got there, he simply fell down into one of the chairs near the fireplace without a word. "Draco!" Pansy exclaimed, sitting straight in her chair. "Where have you been?" "I have a date for the ball," Draco whispered, turning his face to look at his friends. "Really?" Theodore asked. "Who?" "Potter," Draco replied, and Pansy let out a strangled gasp. "What?" Blaise breathed. "You asked Potter ?" Slowly, Draco shook his head in silent disbelief. "Nh- no… Harry Potter asked me to be his date for the Yule Ball, and I said yes ." SASSASSASSA Harry was walking from his Divination class, when Malfoy pulled him away from the group of students. Stumbling a bit over the abrupt change of pace, Harry turned to face him with a mild frown. What was he going to do? Refuse to be his date? Spit in his face? Ask what the fuck was going on with him? "Potter," Malfoy began, and a pained expression flitted over his face. " Harry . What robes are you going to use for the Ball?" Harry blinked. "What? I, er… I dunno?" Mal- Draco did a double take, and his eyes widened in surprise. "You don't know ?" he hissed. "You ask me to be your date and you don't even know what to wear ?" With a small wince, Harry gave an apologetic shrug. "Err… yeah?" "Coming Hogsmeade weekend, we're going robe shopping," Draco declared. Harry, in his surprise, could only squeak out "Okay!" SASSASSASSA "So mate, you wanna go to Honeydukes this weekend?" Ron muttered around a mouthful of chicken breast. Harry poked at his food and grimaced. "I, er… I can't. I promised to go robe shopping with Draco." Ron stopped his chewing in favor of staring at him in open shock. "You're what ?" he sputtered. "Bloody hell, mate. He's actually serious about this." A frowning Hermione now decided to break into their conversation. "Why are you going robe shopping with Malfoy? And when did he become 'Draco '?" Ron nodded. "Yeah, when?" Scratching at the back of his head, Harry could only shrug. "I- he called me Harry when he asked what kind of robes I'd be wearing, so I mean… a favor for a favor, I guess." "Why would he ask what kind of robes you'll be wearing?" asked Ginny, who had scooted down the bench. "Because Harry asked him to the Ball," a dreamy voice said, and the Gryffindors turned as one to look at the new addition to their group. "Luna?" Ginny asked with a frown. "What are you doing here? For that matter, when did you show up?" "Oh, recently…" Luna gave them all a dazed smile as she looked up at the ceiling. The others looked up, too, but saw nothing special about the blue sky. "Quite a nice day today, isn't it?" the witch said, standing up from the bench. "Oh, and Harry?" "Er, yeah?" "Good luck with your date." Ginny gaped at him as Luna disappeared to the Ravenclaw table. Hermione merely stared. "She's for real? You asked Draco Malfoy to the Yule Ball?" Harry nodded meekly. "And he said yes ?" Hermione whispered. Harry nodded again. Ron shook his head. "Bloody hell," he murmured, and returned to his eating. SASSASSASSA "Normal study session tomorrow?" Blaise asked as he peeked out from the book he was reading. Pansy seemed to light up at the prospect and Theo nodded, but Draco gave a small sigh. "Can't," he said. "I promised to take P- Harry robe shopping." Pansy gawked at him. "Without telling me ?" "First name basis?" Blaise raised an eyebrow. Draco grimaced. "Yes, well, I figured I might as well go ahead… it's only for the Ball, after all. If I'm going to be Harry bleeding Potter's date for the dance, then I've just gotta be nice to him, I guess." "But- robes shopping?" "People are going to talk about this," Draco reminded them, tacking off on his fingers as he went. "We're both blokes. Harry Potter, Light's Golden Boy, and Draco Malfoy, Slytherin Prince. Supposed rivals." As he spoke, he pulled himself out of his chair and a glare began to form on his features. "Gotta give them something else to look at, right? If I'm gonna be Harry Potter's date then we'll be the best pair there fucking is!" The other Slytherins shared a look. "Draco, you don't think you're taking this a bit too serious?" Draco frowned at them. "What do you mean?" "It could've been a bet, you know. We don't know if he actually wants to go with you," Blaise muttered as he returned to his book. Draco's gaze hardened. "Well I'll make him fucking thankful for asking me, then," he snarled. SASSASSASSA That weekend, Harry was pulled into one of the more expensive robe shops. Draco told him to stay still, and Harry could only oblige as Draco shot off a few dozen questions about the most absurd things, like what his favorite food was and if he was allergic to mint or not. It was a bit awkward at first, when they both stumbled over their words and almost-insults. More than once, Harry's voice caught in his throat as he tried to pronounce Draco's name, and he grimaced a bit internally. Well, once the Ball was over they would both return to last name basis. While it was a bit awkward at first, they got over it quickly, and their banter was fast-paced and lighthearted, often followed by chuckles or grins. Draco had a bit of a problem with finding robes for them, it turned out, but in the end, he settled on a pair of rather expensive looking clothes. They were sewn in a distinctly wizard like manner, and seemed to be made of silk or something similar. The base was green, dark green, while the details, frills, and edges were in silvery gray. Draco held them up in front of himself and then Harry, and with a nod, he decided that they would work. Harry, after tilting his head this way and that, shrugged with a small "I guess…" He, after all, had no experience in this field. At the end of the day, he found that he'd… actually quite enjoyed himself. SASSASSASSA "So, did you get any new robes?" Ron asked once Harry returned to the Dorm that evening. "New robes?" Seamus shot in with a confused look, and Ron quickly explained. "Yes," Harry said when he finished. "Well, let's see then!" Ron insisted, shooting up from his bed to stare eagerly at the bag in Harry's hand. With a small grimace, Harry pulled them out of the bag and held them up for everyone to see. There was a beat of silence, and then Dean piped up. "Green and silver? That's awfully Slytherin of him, don't you think?" "Yeah, no," Harry said, shifting his grip slightly so he could look at the robes. "I thought so, too, in the beginning, but I'm fairly sure he's trying to match our eyes." Neville made a little noise in the back of his throat. "Well, either way, I think they're brilliant, Harry." Harry beamed at him. "Thanks, Neville." SASSASSASSA "Show us, show us, show us, shows us!" Pansy chanted, bouncing slightly in her chair. Draco did. "Slytherin colors? Not very subtle, Draco," Blaise pointed out. Draco scowled. "As if I would do that with a Gryffindor date," he scoffed. "In my defense, they didn't have the exact color of his eyes, but they still match more or less." "They're brilliant," Pansy breathed. "Is it silk?" Draco rolled his eyes. SASSASSASSA As it turned out, the Hogwarts Gossip Mill hadn't been able to grab hold off Harry's date for the evening, which Harry was eternally grateful for. This, however, meant that when the champions entered the room… Krum with Hermione, Cedric with Cho Chang, Fleur with a Ravenclaw boy, and himself, Harry Potter with Draco Malfoy… there were gasps and cries throughout the whole room. Krum and Fleur looked a bit confused, but rolled with it, while Draco gave an almost invisible wince. Harry closed his eyes with a small groan. He hadn't realized what this might mean for his reputation… and the rumors would start soon, any minute now. His whole Hogwarts career could be ruined in one swift move! But as he started to dance with his date, he found that he actually… didn't care. No, actually… he found that he would be willing to do this ten times over even though it ruined his reputation beyond repair. It was like being in a trance; Harry felt hypnotized by the way everything proceeded and happened. He hadn't actually looked at Draco before they'd begun to dance, so his first opportunity to actually take him in was now. He looked- great. Handsome. Beautiful. The silver color on the robes really complimented his eyes, while the dark green color gave a color and sharp contrast to the overall pale-ness of Harry's partner. In a moment of self-consciousness, Harry ducked his head and blushed lightly. He probably looked horrible in comparison, he mused darkly. This wasn't going well. After the first opening dance, Harry and Draco went to find a table to claim. With a small grimace,