I need a place to hide things. Turn. I need a place to hide things. Turn. I need a place to hide things . Turn. A door appeared out of nowhere, as if the wall had melted away. Draco Malfoy sighed in relief, and hurried through without a second thought. This year hadn't been like he thought it would be. At the beginning, he had thought that it would be… easy, fun, almost, to be a Death Eater at a Hogwarts ruled by the Dark Lord. It had not. It was horrible; wherever he turned, all he saw was either arrogant sneers or eyes filled with pain, or just dull acceptance. His left arm was always disturbing him; there was an itch there, just underneath his skin, but when he scratched at it, there was just a short, faint relief before the itch was back again. The only thing the scratching did was leaving his skin red and raw. Everywhere but the Dark Mark, of course, which always stayed ink black and taunting. He was filled with regret every time he looked at it, looked at the Dark Mark, so Draco tried to hide it. Sometimes, though… when he showered, or slept, or when it was too warm to walk around in sweaters… he couldn't. And then the regret was back, and he was pulled into reality, into the harsh, too-cold reality. So he came here, to get lost in the tall piles of what someone once called trash. It gave him a haunted feeling of security. It was his safe haven, the place he went to when he needed peace and calm and quiet. In the beginning, he came once a month. Then once a week. Then twice a week. Then every day at lunch. Today was no exception, and he took a deep breath and released it as he began his journey between the mountains of forgotten things. Draco stumbled upon the box purely by accident- quite literally. He had been walking along, nose stuck in a book, when his shoe got caught in the black box the size of his hand. The Room of Requirement rarely put something in his path like that, since yes, the paths were made by the room and the items scattered across it by will, so Draco shrugged and picked it up. He proceeded to cast a dozen detection spells on the box, just to be sure, because about half the items in the Room were jinxed or hexed in some way or the other. Upon finding no curses on the container, Draco popped the lid open- and gaped in surprise. On top of soft, dark blue feathers, a Time-Turner rested. It didn't look like a normal Time-Turner, however. It was larger than usual, not so much that it was in the way, or irritating, just enough to be noticeable. Where normal Turners were golden, almost yellowish in color, this one was close to dark red, and didn't shimmer or gleam like it should. That wasn't the most disturbing fact, however. The sand, instead of being bright, or pale, was black, almost like coal. Draco shut his mouth with a snap. Wary of casting anything on the magical item, he picked it up by its chain with the tip of his wand. He didn't want to touch it directly just yet; for all he knew, the Room was tired of him coming in all the time and wanted to get rid of him. Yes, it could do that. Yes, it had done it before, with other students. A piece of parchment fell to the floor near his feet, and Draco bent down to pick it up with a frown. To whomever, the note said, in shaky, almost - hurried? Unsure? Childish? - handwriting. This is not a normal Time-Turner. You might notice that it has only one ring. On a normal Time-Turner, this ring would decide how many hours you would go back. On this Turner, however, the ring decides how many years you go back. In addition, this Time-Turner does not transport your body, but your soul, your knowledge, your memories, and your magical core: it transports the essence that is you. You will be reborn in a body; yours, if you lived at the time you turn back to. Very little will be brought back with you; the Time-Turner, for one, and any items you might have a bond with. (For example; Horcruxes, Hallows, Charms, etc.) Do remember, however, that the Turner can only be used once per person; although, two people can travel together. Be careful. Draco blinked down at the note, his mouth once again hanging open. This item could change everything. Everything ! He could turn back a year, to when he'd gotten the Dark Mark- but no, he couldn't refuse it. The Dark Lord would kill him, surely, and what would he then do to Father? Mother? Torture, death, imprisonment- No, he couldn't go back a full year… he could, however, go back to his tenth birthday and change things from there on, perhaps run away or change things all together. A strange idea formed in his mind, and Draco looked up from the note with wide eyes. He could take Potter with him back in time, couldn't he? Together, they could change much more- yes, Draco Malfoy had a lot of power in the Wizarding Word, but Harry Potter had much more. Surely, the Boy-Who-Lived didn't want the Dark Lord to murder him and his friends! By going back in time and changing things- but Draco didn't want to cease to exist, and Potter wouldn't want to go back with him- well, it was either him or nothing, Draco decided with a scoff. If Potter didn't want him, too, then fine. He would cease to exist, and Draco could do this on his own. "You wait here," Draco hissed at his bodyguards/friends. Crabbe and Goyle frowned, but nodded and sat down on the ground. Another Point me Harry Potter told him in which direction to go, and with a determined nod, Draco began to march towards his rival. "Harry Potter," he drawled when he finally caught sight of him. Potter, along with Weasel and Granger, spun around with their wands drawn, ready to fight for their lives. Draco raised his arms in surrender, and took a step back. "I've just come to talk." "What would you ever want to talk about, Malfoy ?" Weasel sneered, even as Potter frowned and put a hand on his arm, trying to quiet him down. "Talk, Malfoy," Potter said quietly, never once putting away his wand or looking in another direction. Weasel continued to sneer, but scowled and took a step back. Draco walked forward with careful, yet quick steps, and threw up a privacy ward when he was close enough to Potter to do so. "Don't you want to change things?" Draco asked, in hushed tones, and ignored the way Potter's face lit up in surprise. Potter frowned at the unusual bluntness, but didn't pull away. "What do you mean?" "If I told you that we could turn back time to our first year, with all of this disappearing, would you do it?" Draco said instead. "Disappear?" Potter raised an eyebrow, even though something like hope sparked in his eyes. Draco wasn't surprised; even though the young man wanted attention, he must be sick in his head to wish to fight the Dark Lord. It was hard to explain what he meant, but Draco decided to try. He needed Potter on his team to make this work out. "Call it going to another dimension, if you wish." "How?" Potter demanded to know, taking a step forward, much to Weasel's horror. With a solemn expression, Draco pulled out the Time-Turner from his pocket. "This. But it can only take two people, and can only be used once by these people." Potter frowned in confusion, and Draco rolled his eyes. "I refuse to stay here, and I will only go with you; don't you think we'd be able to change things? The Boy-Who-Lived and the Slytherin Prince? I don't want to live like this, Potter! I won't live like this. I'll go back anyways, and try to change things, but with your help it would be easier. Don't you want to give it another chance?" There was a short mument where Potter closed his eyes and seemed to think. A million expressions flitted over his face, and then, after almost a full minute, he opened his eyes again. They were lit up in a different way than they'd been before, in a strange way. There was hope in them. There was regret in them, too, and a sort of shallow yet deep pain, but… the Gryffindor seemed determined, in spite of this. "When to?" he asked quietly, after meeting Draco's gaze before abruptly looking away. "Seven years back, to May 2nd, 1990," Draco answered, ignoring the wave of relief that washed over him. It probably showed in his eyes, since he hadn't expected Potter to agree so easily, but he wouldn't let it show in his expressions. Slytherins don't do that sort of thing, although Potter probably caught on. Maybe. "The year before Hogwarts," Potter muttered absentmindedly, as he took a step closer to let Draco loop the chain around his neck. "If nothing else, I'll see you then." "Yes," Draco agreed, grabbing the hourglass filled with black sand. He could feel Granger –and possibly Weasel- attacking his privacy wards, but hopefully they held for long enough. He only had to spin the ring, after all, and then they would be gone. Merlin, they were going to change things, once and for all- "I don't trust you, Malfoy," Potter said quietly, and Draco looked up from the Turner to meet his gaze. It was hard as steel, and oh, so cold- yet, soft and fragile. As if he was trying to tell him something. Draco thought he caught on, but at the same time, it felt like Potter was speaking a completely different language. The Slytherin Prince swallowed thickly under the heavy gaze of the Boy-Who-Lived. "But at this point I'm too tired to care if you're going to kill me or not." Draco spun the Time-Turner. Chapter One The first thing Draco wondered about when he woke up on May 3rd 1990, was how old he was. Seventeen, from before- but should he count the ten years he were now? If he did, he would be 27, same with Potter… Yes, they should count it in, if not for anything useful then for bragging rights. Was he really back? Back, in 1990, before everything had started to go wrong? Before the Dark Lord and the Dark Mark, before horrors and pain and guilt and regret? Slowly, Draco sat up in his bed. He started a bit when he slipped out of it, expecting the floor to meet him much earlier than it actually had. Oh, but he was short! He'd lost at least twenty inches, and- God, what about his hair? Reaching up to touch it, Draco found that it was at least not slick when he slept. Good, that was an embarrassing part of his past that he'd rather forget. Draco hurried to change into normal robes, grinning a bit madly when the Dark Mark was absent from his slender arm. This time, they were going to do it right. Draco allowed things to proceed without much change; he was acting less like an arrogant brat, he realized, and had slunk back in shame over his own behavior before. It appeared that there was a lot to be changed, opposed to what he had thought before. He had no idea where Potter lived, after all, and had no ways to contact him. Well, as Potter himself had said: if nothing else, they'd see each other at Hogwarts. Early-June, a snow white owl that Draco recognized as Potter's owl