Disclaimer: Harry Potter and all of his world are works of J. . I'm not her, I'm playing in her sandbox! AN: This story will involve issues of gender identity and gender-swap. The gender-swap will not happen immediately and nor will Harry learn about his real identity straight away. Cannon Harry is able to accept the change easier than most because of his lack of self-worth and family. Instead Harry will develop a sense of family, an identity and an inner strength before the secret is revealed and so, hopefully, making the change much more of a journey for him. I hope you can enjoy the story even if that isn't your thing. Azkaban Aftermath 18th June, 1994. "What's that?" Vernon snarled, staring at the envelope Harry was clutching like a lifeline. To the small boy it was exactly that. "If it's another form for me to sign..." "It's not." Harry announced cheerfully. The joy he felt from the simply owning the letter giving the far too small boy the bravery to interrupt his much larger relative. "It's a letter from my godfather." "Godfather?" Vernon snarled, pudgy eyes narrowing. "You haven't got a godfather!" "Yes, I have." Harry Potter, Boy-Who-Lived, and abused teen pushed on. "He was my mum and dad's best friend. He's a convicted murderer but he's broken out of wizard prison and he's on the run. He likes to keep in touch with me, though... keep up with my news... check I'm happy..." The controlled rambling shut Vernon up. The perpetually angry man's only response being foul mutterings to himself as he stormed his way through the King's Cross crowd to get to his car. Harry was quick to follow and if there was a little bounce to his steps, Vernon wasn't to notice. Harry's dream of living with his father's best friend, Sirius Black, had been shot down before it really got started. Yet the now spectre of a villainous godfather watching over him still had the power to improve his summer. It might even get the Dursleys to feed him properly. The drive to Little Whinging was peaceful for Harry with Vernon's many frustrations aimed at any and all the walrus-like man saw on the journey. Though Harry was willing to bet that his uncle would be sorely disappointed to find out how close he had been to losing his soul to the vile Dementors only for them not to have the opportunity to finish the job. Vernon was out of the car the moment they arrived back at Number Four, Privet Drive. Harry was almost certain his uncle hadn't even waited for it to stop moving before disappearing into the house without his annual 'Boy, get your things!' command. Harry struggled with pulling his trunk and Hedwig's cage free from the car and wrestled both into the house where he found his first surprise of the summer and unintentional gift from Sirius. Aunt Petunia's eyes held a slight wide-eyed fearful glaze while Vernon looked like his was trying to dry swallow the Monster Book of Monsters. "Take your stuff to your room." Vernon ordered. "I don't want any of your freakishness and you'll keep out of our way, you hear? As long as you keep quiet then you won't have that many chores and you can tell your godfather how happy you are this summer." Harry had to fight the laughter that threatened to burst free and quickly nodded before dragging everything to his room. It was as he was pulling the door closed behind him that he realised it was the first summer they hadn't locked his trunk up in the cupboard. He settled the trunk at the bottom of his lumpy bed and the cage next to the opened window for when Hedwig flew in. It was when Harry set up the water and owl treats that he made a mental note to let his friends know about the diet Vernon had ranted about during the drive. Apparently poor little Dudley had been unable to have his immense bulk excused away by the blind love of Petunia and had been put on a diet by the Smeltings' nurse. Petunia's horror at having to "starve" her little boy meant the shrew of a woman was sharing out of the pain by putting everyone on his diet. Which meant even less portions for the malnourished Harry. He hoped his friends would be able to send him enough food to keep him going until September. It was that depressing thought which had Harry deciding he wasn't yet ready for life inside Privet Prison. He quickly and quietly slipped out of the house and headed to his favourite spot when not at Hogwarts. The local park that had sprung out from the small wood nearby was large enough for him to enjoy daydreaming on the swings and be able to stay away from Dudley's gang at the same time. It was only when he wasn't being careful that his cousin would catch him there. It was barely five minutes later when a voice spoke up behind him. "It's so disappointing that the Son of Prongs has free time and isn't playing pranks." Harry was off the swing and spinning around, instinctively reaching for his wand before his brain remembered that it was in his room. The action and mental cross-fire had his legs take on a life of their own and he was sent sprawling to the ground in a heap. The laughter that came so close to the barking enjoyment of a dog had Harry blinking up in confusion at the sandy-haired man who had spoken. "S...S...Sirius...?" He stammered once the actual words had sunk in. He scrambled to his feet and dived into the waiting arms of the man whose only response was to cling to him as tightly as he held back. "Polyjuice?" "Glamour." Sirius explained. He pulled Harry away so he could get a good look at the son of his best friend. "Though for future reference always double check someone's identity if you haven't seen them in a while. It's a trick we picked up in the war." "You called me the Son of Prongs." Harry pointed out with a bright smile. "I only found out you four were the Marauder's when Professor Lupin told us. Only the people in the shack would know I knew about those names, you wouldn't have been Pettigrew and the Professor has no reason to hide his face." Sirius blinked down at his godson. "Did you truly work all that out or is this all hindsight?" "I worked it out." Harry frowned first at the question then at the actual situation. "Wait, Sirius what are you doing here? You said you were going on the run. What if someone can tell its you? You shouldn't be here!" "Don't worry about that." Sirius threw his arm over Harry's shoulder and chuckled at the frantic way Harry was looking around as though Ministry authorities were about to Apparate in. The Marauder led them to the trees at the far end of the park. "I've got it all sorted out and I'm proud of you for doing all that thinking so quickly. It'll make what's going to come easier and more difficult." "The first time you saw me in my Padfoot form was when you got the Knight Bus, remember?" Harry nodded and wondered why he was okay with touching Sirius when he fought against physical contact the rest of the time. "Well it wasn't the first time I had seen you after my breakout. I'd been keeping a watch trying to learn what I could about my godson and found a good spot to rest at night. Welcome to my Wizard's Tent!" They had slipped through the trees into a small clearing where a large green tent sat waiting. Sirius withdrew his arm and vanished through the flap leaving Harry to stand unsure about what was going on. He feared losing Sirius after they had only now found each other and wanted his godfather as far away from danger as possible. Yet a much louder part of him wanted to latch onto the moment with everything he possessed and hold on for dear life. The fear of loss warred with the desire for a family and in truth there was never a doubt about the victor. He screwed up his Gryffindor courage and stepped into the tent only to stop dead at the sight that greeted him. Harry had the urge to keep running in and out of the tent to test whether it really was bigger on the inside than the outside. The flap opened into a cosy living room with a rug covered floor, multiple comfortable looking seats and a table which had a bag sitting on it. Behind the now glamour-free and smiling Sirius Harry could see doors that meant there was even more to the magical place. Sirius let loose another of his barking laughs that reminded Harry so much of the older man's Animagus form. His godfather looked clean, his teeth were a healthy white, but the physical baggage of Azkaban was there in the way the man moved. "Come and take a seat." Sirius told him, waving at one of the chairs while he sunk into another. The action seemed so natural that Harry was briefly shown a glimpse of what it would have been like to visit Sirius if his parents had survived. Harry quickly buried the pain, having learned that such things were never good to dwell on. Instead, he took the offered chair and allowed the multitude of questions to run rampant through his mind. Sirius was still on the run after all. The look in those old grey eyes made Harry want to squirm from their intensity. He felt his soul being weighed in the heavy gaze. "First things first." Sirius declared with a playful smirk. He reached into the bag and pulled out a small object wrapped in a soft cloth and Harry took it with the same sense of reverence it was offered. "That right there, Pup, is one of the crowning glories of being a Marauder. It's a two-way mirror and I've got the one it's connected to. If you want or need to talk to me at any time then say Padfoot into it and I'll be there. James and I used them all the time when we were stuck in separate detentions." Harry carefully unwrapped the mirror and thought of another magical Mirror as his fingers slid along the detailed edges. It was a bridge between Harry's past and present, a connection to the childhood of his father that allowed him to keep Sirius in his life no matter what events came. The tears began to form and, though he instinctively pushed them away, he was aware that it was the first time he had the chance to shed happy tears. "Harry..." Sirius brought his attention back to the present. He looked up to see a haunted look in those grey eyes that he couldn't translate. "I need to know everything you've learnt about the Wizarding World." That caught Harry by surprised. Out of all the topics Sirius could have started their bonding with this would not have been his guess as to the one that had been picked. It took Harry barely any time to go through everything he had come to know over the past three years, especially after admitting the lack of learning in his History of Magic class. "Damn that man!" Sirius snarled in true anger, spinning up out of the chair to pace back and forth behind it. Harry instinctively flinched at the harshness in the voice but the Animagus was too caught up in his thinking to notice. "What about the Families? Do you know anything about them or the Wizarding Council?" "Families like the Malfoys and Weasleys?" Harry asked, thinking about the pure-blood bigotry that