Disclaimer: Only original characters belong to me, everything else is the property of J K Rowling. A/N: this story ignores the DH epilogue. I hope it has some semblance of believability - please enjoy. Thanks go to my beta, Demoness Mark, for sorting my grammar, and quizzing me on plotlines and characters. The whole of this story, plus a sequel are written so updates should be fairly regular. Your views are welcome. A Risk Worth Taking Prologue It was a cloudless afternoon in August 1998. The sun blazed down from an azure sky. The mountains around the Scottish highlands looked lush and green, their foliage abundant. The greenery was visible around the grounds of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and the top of the forbidden forest, but that was where the serenity ended. The rubble that had comprised the main part of Hogwarts castle lay in heaps among weeds and the foundation stones. Some parts of the building were still standing, precarious without any support, while others looked almost whole, an illusion that was shattered the nearer one got to the structure. The two wizards who had been crouching over a heap of foundation stones that had once comprised the north tower stood up, breathing hard, both clutching wands in sweaty hands. It was no good, the tower simply wouldn't stand no matter what they did to it. They'd been at Hogwarts for two days, trying as many had done before them, to put right the foundation wards holding up the structure of the school. However their expertise, gained from many years in the building industry within the wizarding world, just weren't up to the task. The wards simply refused to cooperate. "I just don't understand it, "Mustafa Ali, the older of the two, muttered despairingly in Arabic, "I've never had a problem re-erecting wards, but this lot are shot to pieces." He wiped a grimy hand across his forehead. His mouth turned down worriedly. "You're not alone," his companion, Dawud Iqsa groused, kicking irritably at a bit of brick, "Our names will be dust with the Brits and the Egyptians. I just don't get it!" Mustafa paced the rubble strewn site, weather-beaten face crinkled in thought as he swigged from a water bottle. "The rumours about the place must be true, it's the only explanation." "What, that it's sentient?" Dawud's brows beetled with disbelief. "Come now, only the Egyptian pyramids are sentient, and we wouldn't be stupid enough to subject them to a battering like this place has taken." "It must be, it's the only explanation. After all, Hogwarts has stood for 1000 years, it's not impossible, "Mustafa reasoned calmly. "The UK has just as long a wizarding history as us you know." Dawud narrowed his eyes with displeasure though was unable to refute this argument. "Hmph, they certainly don't show it in the way they treat their buildings." He waved an angry hand at the ruins around them. "Look at this place, once so fine, embodying so much magical knowledge and power, one of the best schools in the wizarding world, now a wreck! Sentient or not, it's falling down now and there's nothing anyone can do about it." Mustafa nodded gloomily in agreement, eyes sweeping the deserted landscape round them. "Let's do the test, come on. Only a few drops though, the last thing this place needs is more damage." "I'm not sure about this, what if it collapses?" Dawud ventured looking with misgiving at the ruins. "This is only a last resort… fine mess it'll be if it sustains more damage due to the test." "We've no choice, we've tried everything else," Mustafa responded coolly. "At least we can confirm it's sentient, then it's up to them what they do after that." Dawud nodded though still looked uncomfortable as he eyed the tower before them with misgiving. This test though invaluable, had consequences he didn't think Hogwarts, in its present sorry state, could take. Mustafa glanced round again, then quickly put up two privacy wards, it wouldn't do for anyone to see what they were about to do, it was after all a test that they alone had devised and could do. It was the reason they were so highly sought after throughout the wizarding world. Both wizards took deep breaths to ground themselves. This test was simple, but the risks associated with it going wrong were tremendous. Once both were centred and calm, they pricked their fingers and dripped blood on to the earth beneath the bricks They began chanting in unison in ancient Arabic as a thick blue smoke issued from their wands and quickly covered the area around them in deep mist. There was a crack as the blood began sinking into the ground, and as they watched with resigned expressions, the earth beneath began to crumble, leaving a pit so that the bricks toppled into it in a heap. At the same moment the smoke shimmered and coalesced to form four separate strands, red, green, blue and yellow. Then it began dispersing leaving a pile of rubble behind. They looked at the mess around them, both relieved to see very little damage had been done to the earth. This test had brought down buildings in the past, hence their reluctance to use it today. "The original magic's almost gone," Dawud said watching the last of the smoke disappear as he took down the privacy wards. "No wonder patching it isn't helping." Mustafa nodded, eyes tracing the final wisps of the smoke. Conjuring some parchment, he pulled a muggle pen from his pocket and drew a rough graph. "There are four strains of magic here, all nicely intertwined, interesting. It's as good a weave as in our pyramid foundations, if not better." "There were four founders I believe," Dawud put in thoughtfully watching the graph take shape. "We'll have to tell the Brits-" The crack of someone apparating had both men turning to see who had interrupted their conversation so abruptly. Neither was cheered to see the British Minister for Magic Kingsley Shacklebolt, looking around hopefully. They would have to confess that even they, the best builders the magical world possessed, couldn't help him rebuild Hogwarts. "So, any luck?" He approached the base of the tower. His face fell when he saw the rubble confronting him. Mustafa pulled himself upright and shook his grizzled head. "I'm sorry, Minister, we've tried everything we know of and a few things that we shouldn't know, but nothing. The place is sentient; it needs a bit of its creator if it's ever to be resurrected. We've done the test to prove it." He showed Kingsley the grimy parchment he'd used to draw the shapes. "See, this graph shows that the amount of magic the creators left here is almost gone." Kingsley laughed hollowly, glancing at the graph, then pocketing it. "That's difficult considering the creators lived a thousand years ago. Ah well, thanks for trying." Dawud stared at Kingsley from under his wide brimmed hat, lip curling derisively. "You Westerners, you give up so easily." "Hush, Dawud," Mustafa chided without heat, "It's up to them what they do. We're merely here to do our jobs." Kingsley took a step towards the still sneering Dawud. "And how, pray tell do you suggest we rectify the situation?" His voice was polite though held a definite edge. Dawud gave him an imperious look from slanting eyes. "I'd have thought it was obvious! Get the essence you need; a five year old could have told you that, minister." He leaned against an upright pillar and surveyed the wreckage disdainfully. Kingsley Shacklebolt known for his calm disposition, even temper and level-headedness, wanted to throttle this man with his pretentious attitude and exorbitant price. Despair was making him light-headed but it wouldn't do to give in and thump the blaggard, even if he did deserve it. "Oh? And how would said five year old go about such a feat?" He drawled instead, looking coldly at the man. Dawud laughed harshly. "Come now, Minister, you're an intelligent man; put the pieces together. How would one get magical essence from the past? Why, by travelling back to get it of course!" He widened his eyes comically at Kingsley. Mustafa frowned in warning. "Dawud, leave them be. It's up to them what they do with their school, not us. Come, there's nothing more we can do here. Let's activate our portkey back to Cairo. If I'm lucky, I may get home in time for dinner." Kingsley, however, wasn't listening, his eyes fastened on Dawud, an almost manic glint in them. "So the Egyptians have done this then? Travelled back to get essence from the past?" It was Mustafa who answered, his expression a mixture of pride and defensiveness. "Only twice and even then as a last resort; it's too risky to attempt it more often due to timeline issues." Dawud pulled a face. "We hardly had a choice, it was either travel back, or let the tomb of King Tut – Tutankhamun and the Step Pyramid of Djoser go to ruin." He shuddered in horror at the thought. Mustafa nodded sagely. "That's inconceivable, a disgrace to even contemplate!" Kingsley stood watching them, a calm expression on his face, while his heart raced. So the Department of Mysteries had been right, the Egyptians had risked going back for the sake of some of their eldest relics. He was sure that the Mexicans had done the same with the Pyramid of the Magician twenty years ago, which seemingly had been resurrected overnight, though it had been on the verge of collapse. The Mexicans had denied it vigorously when he'd tentatively approached the matter a few weeks ago. How glad he was that he'd asked these Egyptian experts to look at the place. They were the only ones who knew how to do the test for Sentient magic, and finally they'd confirmed what everyone had suspected but never known for certain. It hardened his own resolve. Hogwarts was a lot more precious than a load of pyramids and tombs, he had to save it at all costs. He'd exhausted every avenue known to man; it was time to take definitive action and sort this problem for once and all. If the Mexicans and Egyptians could do it without harm coming to them, then so could the Brits! Dawud's voice pulled him from his thoughts. "I'll probably regret this later but... here," he thrust a piece of parchment on which he'd scribbled a name and address into Kingsley's hands, "Fahtima will be able to tell you more about how best to go about it. She did the thinking behind our latest trip back." He glanced round at the ruins, jaw working. "I hate to admit it, but Hogwarts is one of the best wizarding schools in the world, my Aunt came here in the 30's to apprentice under Herbert Beery. She's now one of our best Herbologists." Kingsley accepted the parchment. "I can't thank you enough for all your help. Of course, as you know, this cannot be spoken of to outsiders ever." Both men nodded and began gathering together their tools. Soon their portkey had been activated and Kingsley watched as they were whisked away back to Egypt. Kingsley looked down at the grimy parchment he held and his heart swelled with hope. Fahtima Aqsa Julal, one of the Egyptians who worked with time, would be able to advise him on what to do in planning the mission back, and if he was lucky, lend him a time turner. He'd also speak to the portraits of the Hogwarts founders, currently stored at the Ministry, see if there was anything they could tell him about what had happened or not as the case may be. Then he and the unspeakables who worked in the Time Room would begin planning in earnest. He'd played it safe until now, but it was high time he put his money where his mouth