It was a warm, spring day in the shire. Farmers weaved to and fro on the paths, quickly making their way to market or back to the fields; it was simply business as usual. Frodo awoke to the aroma of bacon and eggs, warm sunshine streaming through the small window to his right. 'Sam must have decided to cook breakfast this morning.' Frodo thought with a small smile. Sam would be over most everyday to tend to the garden, but often would go above and beyond his assigned job by helping Frodo around the house. It was nice, to have the other hobbit around. Although most thought Frodo to be content alone, he often felt a small tug of loneliness in his heart, the Baggins side of his blood yearning for the presence of another. Luckily, Sam was at Bag End most days, and on the occasion Frodo felt that familiar, lonely tug, he could just go spend time with the honey-eyed gardener. Being with Sam seemed to make Frodo the happiest, and quenched his lonely soul to the fullest extent in Bilbo's recent absence. Smiling softly as his thoughts returned to the present, Frodo's heart gave a happy jump at the prospect of spending the morning with Sam. Swinging his legs over the soft edge of his bed, the fair skinned hobbit rose from the warm comfort just as a knock sounded upon his door. "Mr. Frodo?" Sam's soft voice called gently, muffled by the wood of the door separating them. "Yes, Sam, come in." Frodo replied, hurriedly throwing a robe over his nightgown for decency's sake. At the permission, Sam opened the door softly. "Oh, good morning, Mr. Frodo." Frodo accepted the greeting with a small, sincere smile. He was always happy to see Sam, especially in the mornings; it seemed to make his whole day a joyous affair. "Good morning, Sam." He responded softly, his heart giving a light, all too familiar flutter at Sam's returned smile. "I found some extra time on my hands this mornin', and thought it'd be right if I made some breakfast before you slept right to elevensies." Sam explained, brushing past Frodo politely to make his mussed bed. "I have made it a habit to sleep in far too long these past winter months." Frodo agreed, steadying his voice to a normal pitch after Sam had brushed close enough to allow him an involuntary smell. He knew he shouldn't be reacting so drastically to such small things about the other Hobbit, but Frodo couldn't help it. Sam was scented with rich earth and sunshine, and the color and light in his eyes could outmatch any of the beautiful flowers he grew outside the windows. In short, Sam was simply beautiful. Of course, Frodo would never utter it aloud. Other Hobbits found it odd enough he chose solitude, and he didn't need any more rumors floating around, especially ones entailing how the gardener had been scared off by " that crazy Frodo's" confession of love. So, he kept to himself and ignored his feelings for one of his closest friends, despite how often they would resurface in his dreams, or, gods forbid, in his waking mind. "Mr. Frodo?" Sam asked once more, his brow just beginning to furrow in slight concern under his sandy locks. Frodo shook himself from the reflection, his pointed ears burning red when he realized he was being addressed. "Oh, yes, Sam?" "Breakfast is waiting for you when you're ready." The gardener responded, the concern leaving his face to make way for a light, caring smile. Frodo nodded, averting his eyes from Sam's easy going expression as his heart gave another jump. "Uh, yes, I'll be out in a minute, after I'm dressed." He managed eventually, fumbling on his words. Sam gave a polite nod. "Whenever you'll be feeling ready, Mr. Frodo." And, with that, the hobbit shuffled from Frodo's room, shutting the door behind him with a soft click. Glad for the privacy, Frodo steadied his swaying form by placing his hand on the bed post, breathing in the warm air surrounding him. He was a sensible gentle Hobbit, and should have no capacity for such foolishness as this. But, despite his best efforts of logic and reason, he simply couldn't get around the way Sam effected him. No matter, he would just have to be more attentive to his emotions and keep his betraying gaze and words in check; there was no need in puzzling or worrying Sam, goodness knew he did it enough without much reason. 'Mr. Frodo,' Sam would say, 'are you feelin' alright? You haven't been out for a while, and you seem a little down.' Then, as always, Frodo would provide his friend with a small, reassuring smile that, yes, everything was fine, no need to worry. But, despite the reassurance, Sam would still watch Frodo with that concerned gaze of his, and occasionally fell into such a state of looking out for Frodo that he would offer an outing. These were Frodo's favorite times, and although the offers stemmed from Sam's own worry, he wouldn't be one to turn them down. Often, he would find himself helping Sam in the garden or out in the field, doing simple chores just for the sake of 'keeping him out and active' . However, on special occasions, Sam would offer a walk by the small creek down the hill, or sometimes even a nice picnic in South Field. Although working beside Sam was always a pleasure, Frodo found that he especially enjoyed participating in recreation with the other Hobbit; it gave him an opportunity to steal too-long glances as the bright sun lit up Sam's soft face. Perhaps they could picnic sometime soon... Pulling himself from another train of reflective thought, Frodo set about dressing, careful to lay his robe out on the window sill as a reminder to clean it later. "I hope you didn't go through much trouble simply to fix me breakfast, Sam." Frodo commented, entering the kitchen just as he finished adjusting his suspenders. Sam turned from the blazing fire, wiping a handkerchief over his slightly damp brow with a shake of his head. "Oh, it was no trouble., Mr. Frodo." Frodo smiled at Sam's kindness, stopping the expression quickly before it became too loving. "Well then, Sam, I must insist you sit and share the meal with me. It wouldn't be fair to have you cook all that food only to send you back out to the garden. You deserve a break." Sam felt his heart swell at Frodo's offer, half of him wanting to refuse for politeness' sake, half of him wanting nothing more than to have a nice chat with the other Hobbit over breakfast. "Well, sir, if you insist." Sam replied eventually, an easy smile spreading across his face as he dished up the food and poured tea. There never really seemed to be a lack of reason to smile at Bag-End, Sam decided. The garden he carefully tended was growing to be beautiful once more, much like Frodo. Of course, he never stopped being beautiful. It was simply that, over the past winter, Frodo seemed to seclude himself in his residence, and all too often a lonely, solemn look would take root in his eyes. Sam suspected it was due to Mr. Bilbo's recent leave. Without his uncle to keep him company, Frodo seemed worse than ever in his secluded habits, and there wasn't much Sam could do. Oh, how he wished he could keep Frodo from his loneliness, but the winter was too busy, full of cooking, cleaning, and spring preparation at the Gamgee's. So, Sam visited as often as he could during the cold months, always making it clear Frodo was welcome to drop by. But now, in the early months of spring, Sam could be at Bag End for as long and often as he wished due to gardening. No doubt, the garden he had so carefully tended to was the most beautiful in all of Hobbiton, but it wasn't why Sam came round so often. Although he would never utter it aloud, the Hobbit found himself deeply and utterly in love with his master. He wasn't sure when the feeling developed, for it had always seemed to be there in his heart, like a rose who's petals never fell with death. Not that Sam minded, really. Love was a pleasant feeling, a soft warmth that kept him light and happy throughout the day, especially when he was near to Frodo. Sometimes, when Sam would discover a day where he wasn't working at Bag End, he would invite Frodo to tag along with him if the job wasn't too trying. And, if he got lucky, would find he had an ample amount of extra time on his hands, which meant one thing: He and Frodo could spend the day together. He would often suggest a walk down by the creek or a simple picnic, for these seemed to lighten Frodo's lonely spirit the most. It certainly helped to ease some of his persistent heart ache over the fair skinned Hobbit, that was for sure. Perhaps they could squeeze in a walk today... Shaking the thoughts that caused a blush to creep high on his neck, Sam served the both of them, only sitting down after he was sure Frodo had everything he needed. "This is very good, Sam." Frodo commented after swallowing his first mouthful of fluffy scrambled eggs."What did you put in them?" Sam felt himself blush with the compliment, and forced himself to focus on his meal. "Thank you, Mr. Frodo. And it was just a bit of ground rosemary, nothin' fancy." "They're wonderful." Frodo praised as he continued to eat, unknowingly causing Sam's heart to leap aflutter once more. "Guess I should remember the recipe, then."Sam replied with a small smile, his expression turning thoughtful as he looked out to the garden. "Mr. Frodo?" Frodo looked up from his meal, the sight of Sam's soft eyes causing a gentle smile to spread over his lips. "Yes?" "I don't know if you had anything planned for today, but it looks like I'll be done with everything early, and was wonderin' if you would want to go for a walk down by the creek." Frodo had to stop his face from lighting up too much at the other Hobbit's offer, and nodded without second thought. "Of course, Sam. That would be wonderful, it's a beautiful day and it would be a shame to waste it." "I couldn't agree more, sir." Sam replied, rising to clear the now empty dishes. "I'll just finish the weedin' and put away my tools, then we can be off." Frodo stood with the other Hobbit, reaching to place a hand on Sam's forearm as he reached for the used dishes. "You can't very well finish the weeding while doing dishes, can you Sam?" He asked lightly, remembering to remove his hand after a moment. Sam felt his heart race at the sudden contact, but ignored the feeling. Mr. Frodo didn't mean the touch like that, so he shouldn't take it in that sense, it wasn't proper like. "Well no, sir, I can't," Sam replied, reluctantly watching Frodo clear the table, "but I made the mess, I should be the one arm deep in soapy water, not you." Frodo chuckled softly at Sam's words, shaking his head. "Really, Sam, if I weren't to stop you I believe you might work all night and day trying to tend to everything. There's no reason why I can't do a little work, besides it'll just mean we can have more time for our walk." Sam blushed slightly at his master's comment, but nodded in acceptance. "I can't argue with you there, sir. But if you need anything, don't hesitate to call." "Oh Sam," Frodo sighed, not meaning for the words to come out so enamored, "I wouldn't want to trouble