A/N: according to my clock is already June 1st and I couldn't wait any more to post this story... this is my S2SL 2015 submission and the sequel to my work from last year "Raisin Nut Bread"... I hope you enjoy it Thanks to katnissdoesnotfollowback for her wonderful work as my beta and to Everlart for the beautiful drawing that is now my banner I don't own THE HUNGER GAMES... the character belong to Suzanne Collins... I just wanted to spend a little more time with them The Best Anniversary G ift I've hunted illegally in the woods half my lifetime and I was never this scared. I was twice in the arena of the Hunger Games, fighting for my life, and I wasn't this scared. I was the face of the revolution that brought down the tyranny of the Capitol and almost burned to death and I wasn't this scared. I can only compare my level of fear to when Prim's name was pulled out of the Reaping bowl or when I saw her blonde braid in the Capitol Square before the bombing. I have to remind myself that I wanted this. For Peeta. For myself. But as I look down to the pregnancy test, at the positive result, I can't help but feel a mixture of disbelief, happiness, and paralyzing fear. I'm pregnant. I'm expecting Peeta's child. Our first child. My hands are shaking. My whole body is shaking. I feel like crying and laughing and screaming all at the same time, but my vocal chords are frozen. I have a baby growing inside of me right now. Peeta is going to be so happy. It is our fifth wedding anniversary and I can give him the gift he's wanted the most. But I'm still afraid. I want this, too; I want this, too; I want this, too. I repeat over and over in my head, remembering when I first made up my mind about this a year ago. Fourth wedding anniversary, a year ago I'm going to meet Peeta at the bakery so we can go for an anniversary picnic at the lake in the woods. I can't believe how time flies and it's already been four years since we had our toasting. I look down to the beautiful ring on my left hand and smile, remembering how perfectly it complements Peeta's, how the arcs form the shape of a heart when the rings are put together. When I reach the bakery, I stand outside and peek in through the window. Peeta is out front, tending a customer. The client is a young, dark haired man with a little boy clinging to his pant leg. After handing over the bag of purchases and the change to the man, Peeta smiles down at the boy and extends his hand towards him, offering him a cookie. The boy seems to hesitate a moment before taking the treat and nodding his head shyly, making Peeta smile wider. I feel a pang in my heart. He is so good with children. He never says it aloud because he knows I don't want to even talk about it, but he wants kids; he's always wanted them. And he deserves them. I feel tears stinging my eyes. I love him more than anything and yet I'm incapable of giving him the thing he wants the most: a child. I really don't deserve this man. The tears start to fall. The customer is making their way to the door, so before Peeta can see me, I run and duck into the alley between the bakery and the sweet shop. If Peeta saw me, he would come outside to greet me, but then he would ask why I'm crying and I cannot explain it to him right now. I lean against the side wall of the bakery, feeling the warmth in the bricks. I need to calm down soon or Peeta will worry about what is taking me so long to arrive. But I can't stop thinking of the look on his face when he gave the cookie to the little boy. He was so happy to make the kid happy. Then the image in my mind shifts to one of me visiting my husband in the bakery and a little blond haired boy clinging to my leg, extending his little hand toward Peeta. In my mind, I see Peeta coming from around the counter and lifting the boy (our child) into his arms and giving him a cookie, making them both smile. Maybe I can do it. Maybe I can give him what he's always wanted. In this moment I wipe my tears with the back of my hand and make up my mind. I'm going to find the courage to somehow give my loving husband what he wants: a child. My resolution firm, I fix a smile on my face and walk back around the building to enter the bakery. Present day It took me six months and several calls to Doctor Aurelius after I made the decision to give up the birth control treatment. I didn't tell Peeta. I was afraid that he would get his hopes up and then something would go wrong and I would just end up disappointing him. I just increased the number of times we made love. At first he was confused and didn't understand what was going on. He asked me a few times what had gotten into me, but dropped it because he wasn't about to stop me when things heated up in the bedroom. The first month, when I got my period after leaving the birth control treatment, sent me to a panic crisis. Doctor Aurelius spent almost two hours on the phone with me, assuring me that there was nothing wrong with me; that it would take some time to get pregnant after being on treatment for as many years as I had been. But even with the reassurances from Doctor Aurelius, with every period that came, the fear that maybe I wouldn't be able to get pregnant grew. I stopped going into the woods so I could take better care of myself. When Peeta noticed and asked me why, I gave him a reason that was true without being the main one: that more people are hunting now, that the district doesn't need me to provide meat, and since more people are out there now, the woods are not so peaceful to me anymore. That was enough for him. A few days ago, my body started to feel a little weird. I was sleepy all the time and my breasts were tender. Peeta noticed the latter while we were making love and was worried that he was being too rough. He felt bad and hasn't touched my breasts again since, but the tenderness didn't go away, so I grew suspicious and when my period didn't come, I decided to take a test, totally expecting to have a disappointing negative. It took me nearly all day to gather the courage to actually do it, but I wanted to get it done before Peeta came home and I didn't have much time left. And now I have this test in my hands that says I can finally give the love of my life the gift he deserves. But even as I feel joy grow inside of me, I feel fear growing at a faster pace. I still have nightmares that leave me paralyzed and incapable of getting out of bed for a few days afterward, and Peeta still has the occasional episode that has him gripping the nearest solid object. Of course, both my nightmares and his episodes are few and far between but they're still not completely gone. What happens with the baby if Peeta has an episode at the same time I happen to be in bed, paralyzed with depression? The Hunger Games are gone, but what happens if the government implements them again? What if they come up with some other, crueler tradition? Will I be able to protect my child from that or will I just fail like I failed Prim? I have to get out of here. I can't be alone in this house right now. Before I can decide where I want to go, I find myself out of the house and pushing open Haymitch's front door, the test still clenched in my hand. He's asleep, slumped on the couch. I don' know why I came here, but I've always trusted my instincts, and if they brought me here, then maybe he can help me calm down before Peeta gets home. For old times' sake, I go to his kitchen, pour water in a mug and throw it at him from a safe distance. "Goddammit, freaking, son of a…" he screams when he wakes, startled and falling off the couch. I notice he doesn't have the knife in his hands and I smile to myself, proud that he seems to be getting better, just like Peeta and I. He looks up and cuts his sentence short when he sees me. Then he rolls his eyes and gets up from the floor. I approach him as he drops down onto the couch once again and I take a chair close to him. "Still like giving me pneumonia while waking me, Sweetheart?" he says gruffly, scrubbing a hand over his face. "Old habits die hard, I guess." I answer. "And what brings your lovely being into my house?" he asks. I can't respond. My lips won't move. It is like I'm dreaming and if I say the words aloud, I'll wake and this won't be real. A part of me, the scared part, wishes it was just a dream and that I would wake up eventually, but a bigger part of me, the part that loves Peeta and fought so hard to get pregnant, is scared that I will in fact wake up to another disappointment. So instead of answering, I extend my hand to him. He arches a curious eyebrow, but puts his hand out to receive what I'm offering. I drop the test into his hand. He takes his hand back and frowns down at the test, then his eyes widen and he looks between his hand and me, understanding dawning on him without me having to say anything. "How long have you known this?" he asks, handing me the test back. "I just found out," I say as I put it safely in my pocket. He takes a deep breath and says "Well, I believe congratulations are in order, Sweetheart. Though I thought you were being more careful." "I did it on purpose, Haymitch" I say, my voice shaking. "I wanted to get pregnant." And I tell him of that moment a year ago when I decided to give Peeta a child. "Kid knows you're knocked up?" "Don't say it like that" I cringe. "But no. He doesn't know I was trying to get pregnant. I wanted it to be a surprise. I'm planning on telling him when he comes home. It's my anniversary gift for him." "Well, kid's biggest dream has always been having a child with you, so he is gonna be the happiest man alive when he finds out. So, what is it that has you so freaked out that you came to see me before telling him the news?" I lower my eyes to the floor and answer, "I'm afraid I won't be able to protect this child just like I wasn't able to protect Prim." He's silent for a long time, making me more nervous with each passing second. I look up at him and see he's been watching me. When our gazes meet, he takes a deep breath and finally speaks. "I know you noticed I didn't have the knife in my hand when you woke me up. It took me a long time, but I finally stopped sleeping with it