The Fangs of Destiny At first I want to say that I do not own neither the books nor the movies of lord of the rings. Also I want to say that my native tongue is not English so I'm sorry if not everything makes sense :DD. 1st Chapter: How it began… „WHAT THE HELL?" My voice was echoing through the hallway of my boarding school. For the second time this week I overslept the beginning of the 6 lesson and it was only Tuesday! My teacher is going to kill me! Furiously i began to pack my schoolbag, bound my brown-grey hair that reach just to the small of my back into a braid and stormed out of my room. I nearly tripped 3 times as I ran through the tunnel that lead into my school, yes, I´m very clumsy and very lazy. I think I was born this way, even if my mum won´t admit it. She always complains that I´m not studying enough, but I never had to repeat a year, so I think it IS enough! Well let me introduce myself: My name is Amelia Costers, I´m 17 years old and I´m in the 3rd grade of a school that deals with economy and stuff. It`s like a high school, only that the Main Topic is to save nature. Don´t get me wrong, I love this school, but it´s really hard to get good grades without studying, and that is what I did my whole life. Well, back to my story. It was the 16 of November and I was, like always, late. I ran along the school hallways and abruptly stopped before the door of my classroom. Quickly I stuck the hair that had come loose of my braid behind my ear, knocked on the door, and opened it. In the same second I heard my teacher stop talking and the eyes of my whole class were on me. "Late as always Miss Costers!" came the high voice of my biology teacher Mrs. Mayer that tried to suppress a grin. „Yeah, sorry, I forgot something in my room and ran back to get it. " I lied. "Well next time you tell that the headmaster, sit down now." Oh, she didn´t have to tell me twice. I hurried to my desk and sat down. Rachel, who was sitting beside me, just grinned and handed me the paper we got this lesson. „Why didn´t you wake me?!" I asked above whisper."Well, you looked so relaxed, I couldn't bring myself to.", „What a nice roommate you are." I hissed at her. „Well, that´s why you love me right?", we both laughed. The rest of the day went by in routine, we had math, then geography and at last English. I nearly slept through the entire 2 lessons. Ever since my 16s birthday I felt tired at every hour a day. I don´t know why and sleeping didn´t make it better. At 16:25 school ended and I and my roommates headed back to the boarding school. The first thing I did was to search for the cigarettes in my bag. Yes I smoke, it´s a terrible habit that I got from my primer friends. Well at least my roommates accepted it. I went out to my favorite smoking-place. It was just besides the building but nobody ever went there, so I was alone and the teachers also wouldn´t catch me there. It was just beside a huge forest that grew beside my school. After I finished I went back inside. I threw myself on the bed and continued watching the movie I started yesterday. It was my favorite movie, I watched it nearly a hundred times now and I was able to talk along with the characters. The title was "Lord of the Rings". After that we went to dinner in the dining hall of the boarding-school. Today was cheese on the menu. Good I love cheese. Rachel and I both loved it, we nearly ate three plates full. After that the "study-time" began. It lasted from 19:00 until 21:00. After that I also went smoking, then took a shower and finally went to bed. I don´t dream very often, but that night I had a really strange dream. I was in a forest and there was fog all around me. I was running but I couldn´t find a way out. Finally out of breath, I stopped running and rested my hands on my knees. I was facing the ground and when I looked up I saw an animal. Not just any animal. An animal, which I had admired since I was a little kid. A wolf, and he was standing right before my eyes. The wolf was bigger than a normal wolf, his shoulders reached up to mine and he had an amazing black fur. Why I referred to him as "he"? Well, in my thoughts, I don´t know, it was just a feeling like somehow he was connected to me. Like, if I would try and ask him something, he would really answer me. Never before I had seen a wolf this near before, and obviously not one as beautiful as this one. I badly wanted to touch him but when I was just about to reach for his amazing black fur…the school bell rang and it kicked me out of my sleep. The rest of the week continued like normal and I drove back home on Friday. I didn´t have that dream again. That somehow made me feel down, because I really wished for it to appear again at night but it never did. On Monday the following week I again drove to my boarding school and again had the boring routine of my life. Don´t get me wrong, I love my life, well I can´t complain. I have everything that I need but it somehow didn´t feel right. Like I don´t belong in my own life, in my own world… But that was meant to be changed. 2nd Chapter: Change At the night of Wednesday this week, things changed. That night, I had the dream again. But this time it started, I was already in front of the huge black wolf. He turned around and walked away. I was meant to follow him. How I know? He told me. Not with words but I felt it and I was pretty sure that he was transferring it to me. He led me to a place that was just a little bit out of the forest. It was a city, a city that you would only wish to see in real life. But somehow I knew this place, like I saw it before but I didn´t know where. Just when I was about to ask my companion where the hell I knew this place from I was already ripped out of my dream world by the school bell. Gosh, how I despised it! I stood up and with sleepy written all over my face I went to the bathroom. I brushed my teeth and then got dressed. Today I wore a black jeggings combined with a white tank top and over it a white blouse that was lightly transparent. The wide sleeves of the blouse reached down to my elbow. I also put on my black leather boots which reached just under my knees, today was rather warm for autumn, so I left the jacked. I went out smoking this day. I hardly ever went for a cigarette in the morning but today I just wanted to. So I went so my usual place, it was really foggy that day, more in the nearby forest than on land, it looked like the inside of the forest was a white-gray wall. I took out my lighter but before I could even light the cigarette my eyes fell on a small figure that was standing right at the beginning of the forest. At first I thought I was hallucinating but then I realized that there was indeed a wolf standing there and it was staring at me. At first I remembered my dream, but then again, it wasn´t the same wolf. This one was smaller, like a real life wolf, and its fur was brown-gray. Just then I felt something pull me right in that direction. So I walked over to it. My eyes fixed those of the wolf and its mine. More and more distance was lost between the wolf and me until I was standing right before it. I didn´t get the feeling of my dream, it was different, it felt like I knew that wolf, like there was a connection even stronger than that to the black wolf. I moved my hand and reached out for the wolfs head but this time there was no bell to wake me, this time it was real. The wolf stayed calm, it didn´t try to run nor did it avoid my eyes and at the exact moment I touched it´s fur it came to me. That wolf was me. And with that my world went black. Slowly I opened my eyes and inhaled a deep breath. It took me quiet long to realize that I was not lying in my bed but on the ground of a forest and I was not looking at the wall of my room but at Trees. Damn high trees to say. Suddenly I remembered the scene with the wolf, well with me, you could say. I sat myself up only to come to the conclusion that I was not in the forest that was growing near my school anymore. The trees were much too high for it and it smelled different, fresher, somehow, more livelily. Confused I sighed and my hand ran through my hair, just to discover the next surprise. There was a resistance on my head. Careful I touched it and realized that there were two of them. They felt like…..ears. Wait WHAT? No, no, no that can´t be, can it? Surprised I stood up but like the big bushy ears on my head weren´t enough by now, I felt an unknown weight hanging from my butt. God, please don´t tell me it is what I think it is. But it was. A huge wolf tale was hanging, starting at my butt, down until just under my knees. Well, that´s just great! Let me guess, these on my head are wolfs ears then….WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED TO ME? Gosh, Amelia calm down…..it´s not as bad as you think it is. You always wanted to be a wolf anyway, so your dream came true. Only that you stayed half human in the end. And with that I stood up and tried to get my confused mind together. It wasn´t working so well until I realized that I was thirsty. So I tried to find water. That was the first time I really was happy to be half wolf because I could smell the river. I walked nearly 10 minutes but in the end I was standing in front of a rather small river which had such amazing clear water like nothing I had ever seen before. It was such a good feeling when I started drinking it and when I was finished, I looked at my reflection in the water. The ears don´t even look as dumb as I thought. They were brown-gray just like my hair and my new tail. At least my clothes stayed the same. I don´t know for how long I sat by that river and just stared into the water but when I stopped night was just beginning to fall. Great….where should I sleep tonight? I can´t sleep on the ground, who knows who or what lives in this forests…. Just in that moment my wolf senses told me that I smelled stone, well, it wouldn´t hurt to go see if there´s a cave nearby. Actually, I really found one. Even one that was big enough