There are many elicit spells and potions kept hidden away within the wizarding world and all of them will lead the user to a path of darkness, pain and isolation, some even with a one way trip to Azkaban. However, in the mists of the final battle one healer tipped her potion vial to bring life back into one of the lifeless, all in a rash attempt to boost morale and forgetting the problems the restricted action would cause… Chapter One. Cold dark stone walls, dimly lit by several sporadically placed torches, and isle upon isle of benches rising from the floor to tower up near the ceiling, curved into an oval in the dungeon of the Ministry of Magic to form the structure deemed specifically for the Wizengamot's court room. The higher benches, located directly across from the large double door entrance, were filled to the brim with witches and wizards of all ages from the recently graduated to elders of the community, adorned in plum-colored cloaks embellished with the signature silver W stitched into their traditional garb, showed their superiority over the general populace when it comes to the transactions of this room. Another portion of the seating was currently being occupied by a surprisingly small group of persons, huddled close to one another as if they were a makeshift family or rather close friends, each either baring flaming red hair and or a scar from the battle fought not but a few years prior. This small group obviously were some of the war heroes from the battle of Hogwarts, come to see what was to be the outcome for one of the last, supposedly, accused from the night of chaos, death, sorrow and victory. Apart from the mismatched family-like group, and stationed farthest from anyone else, with the best view of all accounted for in the court, sat three witches each with quills and paper ready to accurately document every word that was soon to be spoken, so their work, embellished or not, could be published in their respective papers the next morning. All of these eyes, belonging to an estimated seventy or so witches and wizards, stared down to the dead center of the room, some with expressions of anger, more with indifference, and the smallest of few with pity and hope, though it was apparent that each witch and wizard was expressing signs of nervousness. Placed in the center directly facing the wizarding court was one singular chair, rather old and worn from years of use, with chains attached to the front legs, arm rests and a shiny new pair to fit around the head rest, these silver shackles had held a multitude of death eaters, traitors to the Ministry and others for questionable actions made on the night the dark lord was forever silenced. Many, if not most, of these were open and shut cases, requiring only one or two witnesses to ultimately sentence the defendant guilty or innocent of the charges they had accused, not one had needed more than a single hearing to deem an outcome. This one particular case however, was to be different, all persons accounted for, interrogators, reporters and witnesses, knew this to be true. The tension in the room was only rising and the sound of individuals shifting uncomfortably in their seats was becoming more frequent as each awaited the Minister of Magic to walk through the doors and sit among the council, followed by the witch this hearing was to be in session for. With a loud opening of both doors, a tall dark skinned gentleman briskly walked to his place in the middle of the Wizengamot, silencing all nervous shifting that had previously been filling the room, "I apologize for the delay seems there is still a few dementors that believe Azkaban is their place of employment." With the man's calming deep toned statement a few of the members of the court chuckled, temporarily easing the tension, that is until not more than a moment later the doors once again opened to reveal a young witch being escorted in by an even younger wizard. The wizard of course was the now auror, and still famous Harry Potter, the boy who defeated Voldemort not once, but twice. The witch however, was normally no one of real importance, and in all honesty had gone through the majority of her life barely recognized, which was as she preferred, that is until today. Head held high and with a physical height barely reaching the renowned male's chin she walked with an allure of pride to the chair, she did not even gasp as the chains attached to the seat wrapped their way around her wrists, ankles and neck. Though she felt the last was unnecessary, the young woman still did not complain while Harry went to sit with the group of witnesses and as Kingsley Shacklebolt began to read from a piece of parchment. "This hearing by the members of the Wizengamot is held today on the fifth of May, in question of suspicious actions taken by Alanna Oriana Shaen: former healer and apprentice of Madam Poppy Pomfrey at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, daughter to the convicted death eaters Drusilla Caitlan Shaen and Caelan Emmott Shaen, resident of the shack on the outskirts of Hogsmeade-no formal address provided, on the date of the second of May in the year nineteen ninety eight during the Battle of Hogwarts, and in the presence of a greater majority of the Order of the Phoenix and Hogwarts students. Interrogators: Minister of Magic Kingsley Shacklebolt, Elders Elphias Doge, Griselda Marchbanks and Tiberius Ogden." The sound of quills scratching on parchment filled the room from the reporters and court scribe as the trial officially began. Alanna kept her gaze directly on the Minister, paying no mind to any of the other members of the court, or those facing her right and left side, though she could feel all eyes on her slender frame it was not their attention she wished for. In all honesty, she would have preferred that none of the public would be allowed to witness her trial but, then again, that was beyond her control. She knew she had performed an act two years prior that would lead herself in this very chair, and she felt no regret or guilt. Would others see it the same way as she…well that would be a question answered within the few months to follow, after all of the trials, witness speeches, and articles in the paper until ultimately the jury chooses what they deem a proper verdict. Even she, the one under questioning, knew this trial would be nothing but simple, and though she thought of herself as innocent with her intention she was still wary, if it would not be for the years under a strict pureblood home her whole form would undoubtedly be trembling in the fear of her uncertain fate, this was the one teaching she took gratefully from an otherwise scorned upbringing. The Minister looked away from the paper before him and linked his fingers together in front of himself as he met Alanna's carefully emotionless blue-eyed stare and began to speak in his usual calm manner, "Miss. Shaen, I would first like to start off with a series of simple questions, as we all know this will take several sessions of hearings in order to properly make a verdict. Your answers will decide on if the shackles remain and a number of other outcomes for this and all hearings here in out on the subject, is this clear?" Alanna did not hesitate to answer in a monotone, "Yes, Sir." "Now, for the record, you requested and willingly ingested a dose of Veritaserum, made by Professor Horace Slughorn under my own supervision before entering the court room, did you not?" "Yes, Sir." "Could you tell us why you requested said potion?" "I knew this trial would not be simple, and wished to aid in easing questionable doubt from the jury and all others minds when it came to my answers." As if the mention of a potent truth serum wasn't enough to cause confused whispers to echo off of the oval walls, Alanna's response caused the trio of reporters to make more auditable talk amongst one another to the point that Kingsley had to clear his throat rather loudly in order to silence the mutterings and gain attention once more. "Do you understand why you are under question from the Ministry?" "Yes, I do." The sounds of nervous shuffling began to fill the room from many of the jury and witnesses once more. "Please, Miss. Shaen, explain to us the action in which you believe to be the cause of this hearing." Alanna's throat tightened momentarily, but with the aid of the Veritaserum words began to form from her lips, "I successfully brewed and without guilt gave a potion to the, at the time, deceased Fred Weasley, which caused him to breathe again." Murmurs bounced off of the walls once more, this time louder than before, causing the Minister's hands to raise, "Silence, please. Now I would like to remind the court that until now, such a feat has never occurred to the Ministry's recorded knowledge, and there is also no known proof aside from Miss. Shaen's words and that of future listed witnesses, including myself, that these occurrences transpired. Witnesses will be brought forward at a later time to give their statements on the subject, and at the moment we are questioning the defendant only." Keeping his brown eyes locked with Alanna's stare, his questions began once more. "Was this the first time you have performed such as feat?" "Yes." "Have you brewed, distributed or given this potion to any creature, human or other, since?" "No." "Under your apprenticeship with Madam Pomfrey and employment with Hogwarts, did anyone tell you of this potion?" "No." "What of that when you were a student?" "No, Sir." "So, no one told you, or hinted at such a feat? And you did not come upon it via literature or other outside source?" "Not entirely Sir." "Please, explain." Alanna chewed on the inside of her cheek momentarily as the effects of the truth serum helped her word her response, "No one told me it was possible, or was thought of Sir. However, during my personal studies before the war, after my graduation and while employed with Hogwarts, I was searching for a way to help aid the students when it came to the injuries that were being inflicted upon them by Dolores Umbridge-" "You are speaking of the engravings they received on their skin from using her cursed quill, correct?" Nodding her head in reply, the cold metal of the chains around her neck, pinched tightly in objection towards her movements causing an uncontrollable wince from the young witch. "Yes, that is the one. I knew it was pointless, considering it was a curse and such things cannot be cured however, I could not just sit idly and not at least attempt to find some way to help the students. Poppy and the other healers were also trying to do the same thing, which was difficult with the toad constantly breathing down our necks." Several chuckles came from a few of the witnesses to her left in response to her usage of the former headmistress' nickname, causing a flush of heat to fill her cheeks as words continued to fall from her mouth, "I-I mean Dolores, she made it clear that we were not to interfere. Well, when I was in the library's restricted section I came across a very old and worn book, most of the words were fading from the pages, it seemed handwritten, and there was no title that I could find. From what I could make out from what was readable, it spoke of all of the potential there was in healing, possible ways to help ease pain caused by