I know another story. I thought of this one the other day and had to type it. Let me know what you think. I think this will be a ten or so chapter story, it's more fluff than drama in all honesty. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight, Pitch Perfect or any of the characters used in this story. I have song lyrics in parts of this chapter which I do not own but I liked and wanted to use. I hope you like it! I also don't own the song Live Like You Were Dying , by Tim McGraw Summary:NFL Football player Edward Cullen goes to Forks, Washington to see his parents again. He plays on the New England Patriots team. He goes to watch a Flag Football league game when he meets Bella. She's smart, intriguing, and beautiful. She's just gotten out of a bad relationship with Jacob Black and before him Mike Newton. She doesn't trust guys and isn't sure what to make of Edward. Regular Twilight couples. Read and Review please. Song: Because of You Kelly Clarkson BPOV My best friend on the La Push reservation, Seth Clearwater, has a flag football game today. He's always been a sweetheart to me so when he told me their season was starting and that he wanted me to go to the games I told him I would. The big decider was that Jacob and Mike aren't on his team. I recently went out with the both of them and we broke up respectively. Mike had been cheating on me with Jessica, a girl I had been friends with then she tried to claim that she didn't know that we were dating. Jacob, was trying to force me to do things I didn't want to so I broke up with him. His and my dad used to be really good friends but after the incident they decided it was for the best if they were to discontinue their friendship. I felt bad for taking that away but Charlie thought it was for the best. Oh you don't know who I am, sorry. My name is Isabella Swan. I prefer Bella. I love football but even though I've watched it for years I still don't know all the positions or calls. I go with the flow, you could say. My dad, Charlie, is like my best friend although we don't need to speak all the time. I put on a jersey with Seth's last name on it and a pair of jeans then walked to my truck. Charlie had bought it for me for my seventeenth birthday and I love it. I drove to where Seth said the game would be and when I got out I barely got a breath of the fresh air before I was smushed in a bear hug all thanks to Seth. He brought me over to where the team was and I smiled when I recognised some of the faces. There was Quil, Embry, Emmett, Jasper, Sam, and a few others I didn't know. The ref told them the game was going to start soon and I gave Seth a good luck hug and went into the bleachers. That's when I saw him. The most gorgeous guy ever. He was the Wide Receiver for the New England Patriots, Edward Cullen. I took a deep breath and let it out then sat near him. I whispered, "You're Edward Cullen. I'm not going to flip out or anything but I love your team and some of the things you've done to make touchdowns are awesome." He chuckled and I smiled. I probably sounded really stupid. "No, you don't." He said. I said that out loud! Great now he must think I'm really stupid. "It was nice to meet you Edward. My name's Bella, Bella Swan. Or should I say Swan, Bella Swan?" He laughed and I looked at him and almost got lost in his gorgeous green eyes. Seth came running up and told me that the game was just about to start and that he was playing as wide receiver today. I smiled at him and then he noticed Edward. His eyes got really big but he didn't say anything. His mouth opened then closed and I told Seth that yes that was Edward Cullen but to keep it quiet. I doubt he wants to get ambushed here in Forks. Seth nodded, shook Edward's hand and then I gave him a kiss on the cheek for luck. EPOV Esme and Carlisle asked me to come home for a little while because I had some time off from the NFL. Yes, I play NFL and yes I'm 21 years old. I still go see my mom and dad because although most guys would call me a wimp, I love my parents and I'm not afraid to admit it. I heard through Carlisle that there were some flag football games and I remembered when I used to play flag so I went to go to the game. A beautiful girl got out of an old Chevy truck and I saw she had a jersey with the last name Clearwater on it. I grimaced because although I was only here for a little while, she really was a beautiful girl. I wanted her to be mine and if she were dating someone I would respect that. I hate how most guys are complete jerks nowadays. No one realises that in order to actually win a girl over it's not about being a jerk it's being a gentleman that actually works. That might make me seem like a jerk but I'm not. I've always been a gentleman and I want to keep it that way. My parents always made sure that I treated girls and people in general the right way. My brothers Emmett and Jasper also are on this flag team and I wanted to surprise them so I made sure that mom and dad didn't tell them that I was coming home and after the game I wanted to bring them and their girlfriends out to lunch. They had explained to me about their girlfriends and how energetic they can be and how they might meddle but they mean well in the long run. They told me about their best friend, who is a girl, Bella and how although she's a girl she loves sports even if the only one she's good at is basketball and swimming although she does that as a recreation thing. They told me she just got out of one bad relationship after another and that she's not so sure that she is a good thing in the world. They told me that she's depressed but not ready to kill herself or cut. She just thinks A LOT. Her name they said was Bella Swan. They told me about her love of football and that she might be at today's game. I sat down fairly away from everyone and when I saw that beautiful girl staring at me I realised she knew who I was. I felt my eyes widen slightly and she walked up to me and sat down. She told me she knew who I was but that she wouldn't say anything to jeopardise me being at this game. She complimented me on my wide receiver skills and I chuckled. She mumbled something about sounding stupid but I reassured her that she didn't. She told me her name and someone walked over to us breaking us out of our staring contest. He told Bella about playing wide receiver and then he noticed me. His eyes got big and Bella confirmed his suspicions but told him to keep it quiet. He agreed and then she gave him a kiss on the cheek. I stiffened a little, jealously wishing that she were kissing me and watched as the game started. It's not like NFL football but it's an amazing thing to watch as they work together getting along. I noticed Emmett playing as an Offensive line-man ( He helps to block people from getting to the Quarterback ) and Jasper was playing as QB. They were a great team and managed to win the game 26-13. Bella watched the game with rapt attention and we talked but never about more than favorite colours and things like that. Jasper and Emmett had noticed Bella and when the game was over they ran up the bleachers and hugged her tightly. That's when Emmett noticed me. At first he didn't realise who I was. "So, Bellie, who's your friend?" Bella blushed and he looked closer at me. Then he realised it was me and shouted out, "Yo bro! When did you get home?" Bella looked extremely confused for a moment, she must have thought about our last names because recognition blazed in her eyes as she realised who I was. I smiled at her and she blushed. Man, that's adorable. And refreshing. Much better than watching girls shove their breasts in my face, trying to seduce me. It gets old really fast and that's why I'm not dating anyone famous. I want a down to Earth girl who will be good to me and will let me show her the beautiful girl she is. I don't want to be a prude but I really don't want to give something special to someone that I have a one night stand with. I explained to Emmett and Jasper that I was taking a break and letting Danny Amendola ( The actual wide receiver ) have his chance to be out on offence. They laughed and we quickly caught up. Bella stood off to the side just listening with an amused smile on her face. Seth walked up and talked to Bella for a minute and then she went to go walk away. Not wanting her to leave yet I said, "Hey Bella? We were about to go eat lunch. Did you want to come too?" She blushed and nodded. She told Seth that she was going to go out to lunch with us and that she'd see him later. He told her to have fun but not too much loud enough for all of us to hear and we all laughed. I think he was acting like her brother and saying that if I hurt her, he'll hurt me type of thing. I nodded to him admiring his bravery and we walked off. I offered Bella my hand and she smiled and took it. Then she got a look on her face, as if she were in doubt and deep thought all at once. Jasper noticed and bumped her shoulder causally so it would seem like he did it as if he were messing around. She looked up at him and smiled gratefully. Emmett decided it was too quiet and said that he was texting Rose and Alice to invite them to lunch too. It was only fair, I did say that when I came down I would take them out sometime. We reached the parking lot after we had lapsed back into silence and Emmett had said that their girls were coming to lunch. I nodded to him and they got onto Jasper's purple Ducati motorcycle. I smiled at his colour choice and offered Bella a ride. She brought up the fact that she had her truck and Emmett said he would drive it since it would be hard for he and Jasper to ride the motorcycle. I shot him a grateful look and he winked in return. Bella accepted my ride hesitantly and I told her I wasn't going to kidnap her or hurt her, she could trust me. BPOV "You can trust me Bella." Edward said. I smiled at him and realised I could. He made me feel at ease which was weird because ever since Mike and Jacob, I hated guys and was so tense around them. I was afraid they were going to