A/N: As promised, here is the prequel to my story Becoming Mrs. Weasley ! It's not necessary that you read that story first, I came up with the ideal of this prequel writing it and decided to give this a shot. However, if you are new to my stories, why not give Becoming Mrs. Weasley a try? Anyways, this story will take place right after the Battle of Hogwarts and will carry into Hermione's final year at Hogwarts. The title is taken from Taylor Swift's song by the same name (I'm a major TSwift fan if you haven't already figured it out by my author name), it seemed to fit this story really well. I'm going to make one blanket disclaimer now for the whole story rather than at the beginning of each chapter, and I will add additional disclaimers if necessary as other references/ideas pop up along the way. I think I've rambled enough! I hope you enjoy my new story. As always reviews are lovely and greatly appreciated! Disclaimer: I do not own the Harry Potter series or any other characters, places, things, ideas from the wizarding wold you might recognize. They belong to J.K. Rowling, a.k.a. the queen of my childhood. Chapter 1 As I stand with Ron and his family, mourning over the body of their fallen son and brother, I look up to the entrance of the Great Hall to see Harry standing meekly in the doorway. After our encounter in Dumbledore's office a few hours ago, Harry went in search of Kreacher and a sandwich and then went to restore the Elder Wand to its rightful place while Ron and I returned to the Great Hall to visit with his family. I let go of Ron's hand, he looks at me longingly, in need of human contact, but I nod towards our friend who is clearly in a state of turmoil. Ron sniffles and nods his understanding as Ginny pulls him into her side in my absence. Seeing me coming his way, Harry walks out of the Great Hall and leaves the castle for the open air of the grounds. The dust from the battle still hasn't completely settled in the afternoon sun, and I have to squint in order to spot Harry, as if I'm looking through fog. I find him under our favorite beech tree by the lake and jog to catch up to him. I take a seat at the stump as he paces back and forth in front of me. "You're doing it again." "What?" he demands impatiently. "What am I doing, Hermione?" I sigh, trying not to let is biting tone offend me. "You're doing that thing where you blame yourself for everything that's wrong with the world." "Well, this is all my fault," he says moodily. I feel my heart ache for my friend as pain flashes across his face. "No, Harry, it's not. This is all Voldemort's fault." He stops and comes to sit next to me. I carry on, "He's the one who started this whole mess. He's the one who decided to kill innocent witches, wizards, and muggles. He had an obsession with power and status. There is no way you could have changed that since it started before you were even born." "Well, I could have stopped it sooner. If I'd just figured it out before, I could have—I would have—," he trails off, unable to finish his thought of what might have been done differently as he finally breaks down and cries for the first time since this all started. I pull him close and hug him tightly. Unable to find the right words, I hold him for a while. Eventually, I try to console him further. "Harry, you're only seventeen. That's not even an adult by muggle standards. There's no way you could have been ready for what happened over the last few days, months even, any earlier. What you've gone through? No one should have to go through that, and I'm so sorry that you had to, but we're all here now. There's no use dwelling on what could have been done differently." "You're wrong, Hermione," Harry finally finds his voice. "We aren't all here now. Fred's gone. Lupin and Tonks are gone and they've left their son alone. Colin Creevey and so many other students that I didn't even know died fighting for me." He gets up and resumes pacing again. I feel tears sting my eyes watching the pain take over my best friend. Only a few hours ago his only desire was to take a nice long nap, and now he seems too overcome with sorrow to rest. Slowly, I stand and intercept his path. When he almost bumps into me, I put my hand on his arm and explain, "Harry, they didn't die fighting for you . They died fighting for what they believed was right. Maybe they believed Voldemort was wrong. Maybe they didn't want their loved ones to live in a place where unjust terror ruled. Or maybe they just believed that you were the one who would save us all. But whatever their reason, you don't get to be selfish and believe that they died because of you." For a moment we stare at each other and I watch a variety of emotions flash across his eyes before he collapses once again in front of the tree stump. I sit beside him and we lean into each other, both needing support and comfort. "You're right, Hermione. You almost always are," Harry concedes. "But that doesn't make it hurt any less." I let out a sigh and admit, "I know." "Ron lost his brother today," he says after a moment, disbelief clear in his voice. I feel a sob bubble up in my chest and through a shaky breath say, "I know." I really do begin to cry now and I hug his arm tightly. "We almost lost you today," I mutter through my tears. Harry doesn't respond right away. He rests his head on mine and the contact soothes me, letting me know my best friend is alive and well. Eventually he whispers, "I know. I'm just so tired, Hermione." "Then rest, Harry. Let's just sit here and let time pass for a while." He nods groggily against my head and I close my eyes, relishing in the comfort of an old friend. We stay down by the lake until the sun begins to set. We haven't moved or spoken in what seems like hours. I suspect Harry is deeply asleep; I too have been drifting in and out of consciousness only to be awoken once and awhile by nightmares. When I hear footsteps walking towards us from behind the tree, I nudge Harry awake and stretch a kink out of my neck. After the last few days, I wouldn't be surprised if I jumped up and pulled my wand in defense upon hearing someone approach from behind, but I recognize the footfalls as belonging to Ron. I unwrap my hands from Harry's arm and scoot ever so slightly away from him. I see a knowing smirk on Harry's face—the closest thing to a smile I've seen from him since before the battle began. I elbow him in the side as a blush creeps into my cheeks. "Shut it, Potter," I mumble. Rather than laugh like he usually would, he shakes his head and the smirk disappears almost instantly as Ron reaches us. Instead of impish, Harry now looks guilty. Ron on the other hand looks devoid of emotion as he sits down in the space between us that Harry just created. We sit in silence for a moment until Ron says, "Everyone's staying in the castle tonight. People don't want to leave the injured ones alone. Or the—or the—," he trails off, unable to finish his sentence, but Harry and I can fill it in for ourselves: or the dead. I notice that I'm holding Ron's hand and rubbing it soothingly with my thumb. When did I grab his hand? Have I completely lost control of my impulses? Is that why I kissed him in the middle of a battle? And only because he mentioned house elves? I feel embarrassed that I've been so unconsciously forward. I try to pull my hand away, not knowing if he really wants the physical contact, but his hand clutches mine tightly and I smile to myself. Remembering why he's so sad, I instantly try to squash the feelings of glee that bubble inside me at knowing that Ron Weasley is holding my hand. I mask my smile with a scowl that feels forced and fake. I look around trying to think of something helpful to say. Out of the corner of my eye, I see that Gryffindor tower is still mostly intact with only a little damage to the roof over what are the girls' dormitories if I'm not mistaken. "We should get some sleep," I suggest. "It looks like we can use Gryffindor tower for tonight at least." Ron nods but Harry is unresponsive, silently staring at Ron as he has been since Ron sat down. "I'm sorry about Fred," Harry blurts out of nowhere. I hold my breath not knowing how Ron will react, and my thumb freezes the tiny circles it has been drawing on the back of Ron's hand. Ron's head snaps up and looks at Harry as if he's seeing him for the first time since coming out here. "I know you are, but I don't know why you would be," Ron says looking quizzically at Harry. "It's not like you killed him. You didn't make him fight. It's because of you that the rest of us are here. I should be thanking you. You shouldn't be apologizing." Ron says this as if it's the most logical thing in the world and Harry is a fool for believing anything else. He really is a loyal friend, a Gryffindor through and through. Harry nods as if he's finally hearing what I was trying to tell him earlier. "Still, I'm sorry your brother didn't make it," Harry repeats himself, hoping that his different wording will help make his point. "He shouldn't have gone like that." Ron snorts. "He wouldn't have gone any other way. But thanks, Harry." They nod understanding each other and not needing to say more to communicate how they're feeling. I've always marveled at their ability to read each other. I'm actually quite envious that I don't have that with either of them. Well, I can read them remarkably well, but you'd think I have a wall of lead around me the way they misinterpret everything I say or do. Perhaps it's because I'm a girl. We sit silently for a moment longer and I feel my eyelids droop and my head lolls to the side, leaning on Ron's shoulder. The second it makes contact I jolt awake and jump up from my seat, feeling my knees creak from sitting for so long. "How about that sleep?" I ask nervously. "That sounds lovely right about now," Harry agrees, reaching for my hand so that I can help him up. I roll my eyes but it feels inappropriate and out of place, as if this exchange is too normal given what we just went through. Harry helps Ron off the ground and we walk towards the castle. I feel awkward and don't know where I should place myself as we walk: to the left of Harry as far from Ron as possible, between Harry and Ron, or to Ron's right? I shake my head at the poetry of the situation. I literally don't know where I stand with Ron. After everything from the last few days, that seems to be my biggest concern at this moment. Maybe I'm exhausted and that's the simplest thing my brain can focus on. Rather than giving myself a mental workout, I settle on a compromise