Okay, okay, I know that I just posted the last chapter of "To Love Again" like two hours ago, but I got excited to post the first chapter of my next story to see what you all think. Because if its rubbish, I'll scrap it and start working on a new story that might take me a little while. I've planned this one out for about the last two months, and I hope that it's decent enough. Note: Dialouge in bold is spoken in Elvish. Disclaimer: I own nothing associated with Lord of the Rings. Chapter 1 Carita sat high in one of the trees that surrounded the valley of Rivendell. Many millennia had past and the ever growing forest had never looked so dull. The light of the elves was slowly disappearing as they left the shores of Middle Earth for Valinor, and Carita would miss their songs of joy, peace, and happiness. However, she would not miss their sad songs. She turned her silver and dark gray eyes to the heavens above her and sighed quietly. The moon was bright and full and she looked back down. Carefully, so she would not tear her fine dress that was covered with her dark blue cloak, she descended with ease from the tree before she silently placed her slipper covered feet onto the leaf covered ground. A soft click of her tongue called her white stallion, Moonlight, and he came trotting over from the thick of the trees. She smiled at him and ran her hand down his neck. "My friend, let us journey to the city," she said quietly and the stallion neighed before Carita climbed onto his bareback. "Ride with haste my friend, a council is in the morn and I must speak with Lord Elrond before hand." Moonlight reared and she held onto his mane tightly as he charged on and up the path. As they neared the gate of the city and crossed the bridge, she pulled the hood of her cloak up and covered her rich black hair from view. They entered the gateway and Moonlight stopped panting slightly. Carita dismounted him swiftly and looked about the city. Several pairs of eyes looked her way, but she quickly walked across the stone pathway and up the steps that led into the corridors. Swiftly, she made her way through the corridors and came upon a room she knew well. She raised her hand and knocked firmly upon the wood and the door opened. Gray eyes landed on her in great surprise in wonder and she gave him a small smile. "Lord Elrond," she said quietly with a bow of her head. "Lady Carita," Elrond said and he stepped back. Carita entered the room and lowered her hood as the slight warmth from the fire he had burning washed over her. "What is this honor?" he asked and Carita turned around. " My lord, I am afraid you know the answer to that question," she said gently, switching to the Elvin tongue as she unclasped the silver buckle of her cloak and took the velvet material from her shoulders revealing the sliver, white, and cream gown she wore. "You are to hold a council tomorrow morning concerning a small hobbit and a token of our dark past that he has carried for many years now." She folded her cloak over her left forearm and held her arm close to her. " How-," Elrond said but Carita shook her head as she laughed softly. " I am not as out of touch as most say I am, and I am not blind to the worry that you feel. I can see it easily in your eyes for you cannot lie to me. I will be present at your council, my friend, and I will not be silenced if I choose to speak." " Of course," he said and she smiled. " Good," she said softly before she walked over to the burning fireplace and gently fingered one of the silver ornaments that rested upon the mantle. "I have a request," she said as she lowered her hand and once again turned to face him. Elrond nodded and waited. "Would you allow me one night's rest within your beautiful city? It would be futile for me to travel all the way to my home and miss the council tomorrow," she said and once again put her cloak on and clasped it firmly. " Of course, I shall take you to a chamber so you can rest," Elrond said and Carita smiled once again. " Thank you very much, Lord Elrond," she said and Elrond nodded his head before he once again opened the door and led her from his study. " Were you sent here?" Elrond asked as they walked and Carita glanced at him but sighed quietly. "No, but I cannot stand by while my brethren stands with you," she said switching their conversation to common once again and referring to Gandalf the Gray. "I cannot leave him to bear the burden of this danger with those that you will send with him." "The council has yet to take place, yet you speak as though you know-," Carita once again interrupted him. "One of your gifts is foresight, Lord Elrond," she said with a pause, "you know as much as I about what is to happen tomorrow. However, you have a path you wish it to take." She stopped then and looked at him. One would never guess that by looking at the pair that she was thousands of years older than the ellon that stood before her. Her skin was smooth, flawless, and glowed softly. "I am hoping for the same path," she finished in a whisper before she turned and entered the room they had stopped before. As the wooden door closed behind her, Elrond sighed. Indeed the council tomorrow would undoubtedly prove more eventful than he had hoped it would, and he just hoped that whatever happened that the correct path would be taken and that the daughter of Varda would see to it. The dawn had come much more quickly than Carita had hoped, but she climbed from her bed and dressed once again in her gown before she slid on her slippers. There was no cause to rush, but before she broke her fast and joined the vast groups of beings that were within the city she wished to walk amongst the flowers and enjoy the peace for as long as she could. Silently, she walked from her room and down the corridor, passing various elves as she went. Soon, she was amongst the flowers and enjoying the peace that surrounded her. However, as she walked she came across someone she assumed was searching for the same peace. An ellon stood looking up into a few of the trees and he ran his hands down the bark of an old tree. He stood tall and proud as his fingers moved across the bark. His long blonde hair plaited and his blue eyes scanned the tree and followed his hand. Carita smiled when she recognized him and she stopped. " You are the spitting image of your father," she said gently and the ellon in question lowered his hand and quickly turned around to face her. His blue eyes met her silver-dark gray and she bowed her head. "It is a pleasure to finally meet the son of King Thranduil, but tell me," she paused as she raised her eyes to his once again, "does he still distrust all those that enter his kingdom?" " My father only does what he deems is right to protect our lands," Legolas said as he looked at the woman before him and frowned. "I am afraid I have not had the honor," he said as he bowed to her. " My name is Carita," she said simply and Legolas' eyes widened as he opened his mouth to speak. "Please," she begged. "Do not say what you are about to." Legolas closed his mouth. He had been about to bow deeply and ask her forgiveness, but she had stopped him. "I am of no more importance than any other." " You are a Maiar; the daughter of Varda. You are of great importance." " I am not her daughter, but merely her creation. Just as this world is the creation of Eru and watched over by the Valar." They stood in silence and Carita read his eyes and face so easily that she smiled. "You are young yet, and have much to learn. I do not doubt that you shall soon." She turned and left Legolas standing in the middle of the garden with a frown upon his face. He was not young, but he supposed to her he would be. Legolas watched her continue on the path and that was when he let out a heavy breath. Never before had he seen someone of such beauty and it only served that she was a Maiar. Suddenly, she stopped and turned around and looked at him. " It is not nice to stare, Prince Legolas, remember that!" she called and Legolas, slightly flustered, turned around and quickly left the garden. Carita laughed softly and shook her head before she continued on her way to the dinning hall where she would hopefully find something to eat. Carita sat to the right of Elrond as the others filtered into the courtyard for the council. She had retrieved her cloak after she had eaten and sat there silently, her hands clasped in her lap and her hood drawn covering her fair features from those that came and stood talking quietly. A few curious glances were sent her way, but she paid no mind. Soon, everyone was settled in the seats and she looked at Elrond as he spoke. "Strangers from distant lands, friends of old, you have been summoned here to answer the threat of Mordor. Middle-Earth stands upon the brink of destruction. None can escape it. You will unite or you will fall. Each race is bound to this fate--this one doom," Elrond said as he looked about the men that sat at the council before he turned his eyes to the small hobbit that Carita could sense was still uncertain and rather frightened. "Bring forth the Ring, Frodo." The hobbit stood and slowly walked to the pedestal that sat before Elrond and reached into his pocket. Carita caught a flash of gold in his hand and her eyes narrowed as the ring was placed on the pedestal. She had hoped that ring would never be found, but she knew it would have only been a matter of time. "So it is true," a man of the south said as he shifted in his chair. Carita's eyes instantly moved to him, just as Elrond's had. "The doom of men," another man that sat next to the first said quietly. The first man shook his head and stood, his eyes never leaving the ring. "In a dream, I saw the eastern sky grow dark. But in the West a pale light lingered. A voice was crying: Your doom is near at hand," the man said slowly as he inched ever closer to the pedestal. "Isildur's bane is found." He reached for the ring and Elrond took a step forward. "Isildur's bane." "Boromir!" Elrond said loudly but the man took no heed and continued to reach for the ring. Just as Carita was about to stand because the chant and call of the Ring was far too powerful for the man to ignore, Gandalf beat her to it. "Ash nazg durbatulûk, ash nazg gimbatul, ash nazg thrakatulûk agh burzum-ishi krimpatul," Gandalf chanted and Carita closed her eyes as she willed away the pain that filled her mind at hearing that tongue. The black speech was like poison and she felt as if her light had been dimmed by the powerful words uttered