I'm back! Okay I've only been done with my other story for like two days, but I am working on this one and I wanted to post the first chapter to hear what you guys think. This is an Eomer fan fic as you can tell, and I hope I won't loose some of my readers. Just so you know I am brainstorming some ideas for a new Legolas fan fic and will post it after this one if I think it's good enough. I hope you all enjoy this story, let me know what you think! Reviews are always welcome and so is constructive criticism but no flames please! Disclaimer: I own nothing associated with Lord of the Rings. I only own Lilly. Chapter 1: A Wish Lillyana Harper finished eating her dinner and slowly made her way over to the sink and washed up her plate and the pans she used to make her pasta dinner. She sighed as she glanced up and out the small window of her townhouse. Lilly brushed a stray lock of dark brown hair that escaped her chopsticks behind her ear and looked into the park. A sad smile crossed her lips as she watched a young couple play with their small son. She wished that she had that when she was growing up and that she wasn't thrown from foster home to foster home since she was seven years old. Her mother was a drug addict and her father, well her father was no where to be found, probably because Jessie, Lilly's mother, was a prostitute and after she gave birth to Lilly, she got heavily into drugs. So, Lilly's father could have been any John in the Los Angeles area. One of Lilly's first memories was watching her mother shoot heroin when she was five. Jessie never really paid attention to Lilly but a kind old lady that lived across the hall of their run down building took care of her. Her name was Ms. Maggie. Ms. Maggie was old and she knew the way Jessie treated Lilly was not right but she thought there was nothing she could do. So, she took it upon herself to make sure Lilly ate and had clean clothes. One night when Lilly was seven, Ms. Maggie was coming home when she heard Lilly crying. Lilly's apartment door was open so Ms. Maggie went inside and found Lilly sitting on her knees next to her mom poking her gently and saying "mommy." Ms. Maggie took one look at Jessie and knew that Jessie was dead. She took Lilly over to her apartment and called 9-1-1. When the cops came they took Lilly away because Ms. Maggie was too old to take care of her. Lilly was placed into a foster home with the only possession she had left, which was her tattered dark brown teddy bear with a missing eye. No one that came to the foster homes to see the children ever thought about adopting little Lilly so, she went from foster home to foster home. When she was eighteen she was given a swift kick in the butt with a suitcase of clothes and the same tattered teddy bear she had when she was brought in. But, that was all her past and at the age of 22 she had no intention on ever reliving anything like that ever again. She attended night school at a local university and was almost complete with a degree in journalism and literature. Lilly had a job as a receptionist in a pretty big law firm in the heart of Los Angeles and made a decent living but her first love was writing and books. Once she concluded her studies, she was going to apply for a position at a publishing agency or for a position at a newspaper or magazine. Lilly was quiet and reserved. She rarely trusted anyone so needless to say she really had no friends and with no family she was terribly lonely. Her only comfort was reading or watching movies. Once she finished washing the dishes she dried her hands and made her way into the living room. Lilly walked over to her bookshelf and scanned her fingers over the variety of books and smiled. She read everything from romance to mystery to science fiction and to biographies. Her favorites, however, were the books of J.R.R. Tolkien, and that obsession could be credited to her seventh grade English teacher, Mrs. Williams. A course requirement was to read The Hobbit and Lilly fell in love with Middle Earth and the world Tolkien created. The only works of Tolkien that she owned were The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings Trilogy. She was never able to get Tolkien's other works but those four were her favorite. It had been a long time since she had read them because she became enthralled with the movies. Lilly loved how Peter Jackson brought her favorite books to life and the actors portrayed Tolkien's characters in the best light. Even though Jackson strayed a little from the books, she still loved the movies and watched them as often as she could. Lilly loved each character in a different way but her favorite characters were Aragorn, Legolas, and Eomer. She smiled to herself and pulled out The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers from her bookshelf. Lilly walked over to her love seat and settled her 5'4" frame down next to her reading lamp. She reached up and turned on the light and opened the book. Soon, Lilly was lost in the world that was Middle Earth. Two Hours Later Two hours later Lilly was half way through her book when her eyes started to get heavy. She sighed and rubbed her eyes before glancing at her wrist watch. It was only 10:30pm and it was a Friday night. Lilly placed in her bookmark and sat her book on the coffee table before turning the lights off downstairs and heading upstairs to go to bed. Once she had showered and changed into her grey pajama pants and white tank top she turned down her bed and walked over to her window. She looked up into the sky and spotted a bright star in the sky. She locked her eyes on the shining beacon and with all of her heart made a wish. "I wish that I wasn't alone. That I had someone that loved me and friends that cared about what happens to me. I wish I was truly happy," she whispered into the night. The star she wished on seemed to burst when she finished her wish and then quickly disappeared. She sighed, crawled into bed, and fell asleep praying with everything she had that her wish would come true. Eomer sat on his balcony staring up into the night sky over Minas Tirith. He had come for Aragorn's coronation and would be returning home to Edoras in a month and back to his duties as King of the Mark, only to return seven months later for Aragorn and Lady Arwen's wedding as well as his sisters. Eomer sighed to himself as he found the brightest star in the sky only to watch it burst and disappear. He furrowed his brow in wonder as to how that could happen. There was a knock on his bedroom door and he turned and went inside. Eomer quickly made his way to the door and opened it to reveal his sister. "Eowyn, come in," Eomer said as he opened the door wider. Eowyn smiled at him and stepped into the room. "Are you well brother?" Eowyn asked concern evident on her face. "You seem lost." Eomer sighed and shook his head, his golden hair shaking over his shoulders with strands coming lose form their binding. "I am fine, Eowyn. I just have many things on my mind these long days and there is much to be done once I return home." Eomer walked over and sat down in one of the chairs next to the balcony. Eowyn smiled and nodded her head. "I just wanted to bid you good night and to be sure you were well. You were quiet at the feast this evening and I drew worried." Eomer smiled and stood. He walked over to her and put his hands on her shoulders. Eomer shook his head at his sister. "You should no longer worry about me, Eowyn. You are betrothed to Faramir and have many of your own worries to think about and I should no longer be one of them." It was Eowyn's turn to shake her head. "Nay, brother. It will always be my duty to worry about you until you are wed with a wife of your own to fill my position." Eomer sighed. "Well, that will be a chore in itself, Eowyn." Eowyn laughed and embraced he brother. "Not that much of a chore. You will find someone soon. Good night, Eomer." She walked over to the door and looked over one last time at her brother with a smile. "Good night Eowyn." With that Eowyn left for her chambers and Eomer dressed for bed all the while thinking of his sister's words. Lilly woke in the morning and sighed as she stretched and sat up in bed. She climbed out and went into the bathroom to brush her teeth and wash her face. When she finished she returned to her room and dressed in a pair of flare faded blue jeans and a plain grey sweatshirt with a black tank top underneath. She brushed her shoulder blade length hair and threw it up in a pony tail and as a final touch brushed on some mascara. Lilly looked at her face and sighed. Sure, she wasn't ugly but she wasn't absolutely beautiful. Her porcelain skin was clear and her lips were full but small. Her only favorite feature was her eyes. They were a deep blue that sparkled in any light if she was happy, which was a rarity in itself. Lilly tied on her tennis shoes, left her bedroom and started walking towards the stairs. She had to go shopping and a few other errands to run and then she had to come back and tidy up her house. As she walked towards the stairs she suddenly tripped and her body went up in the air and over the stairs. She closed her eyes and readied herself for a hard landing on the carpet at the foot of her stairs but her body came into contact hard with gravel. Lilly cried out as she hit the ground and opened her eyes to find herself outside. She sat up on her knees and looked around. There were shack like homes and the sun had just risen in the east. Lilly's heart began to race and there were many people up and looking at her with fear on their faces. Lilly brushed the dust from her hands and sweatshirt as she looked around. She stood up and looked at the people around her. The sight before her looked familiar but she knew she'd never been anywhere like this before. An older woman pointed at her and screamed. Lilly jumped and held out her hands. "I don't mean any harm!" Lilly exclaimed but the woman just screamed again. "Witch! She's a witch!" the woman exclaimed. Suddenly she heard metal crashing. She turned around saw three large men in armor come running towards her down a set of stairs. Lilly held out her hands and shook them. "Please, I don't mean any harm. I don't even know where I am!" Lilly exclaimed again but two of the guards grabbed each of her arms and the other had his hand on the hilt of his sword. Lilly looked at the guard and her breath caught. She knew him from somewhere but couldn't place where exactly. "She just appeared from no where, milord! A bright light