Lothiriel, princess of Dol Amroth, sat back on her heels and sighed in relief. She had only just arrived in Minas Tirith; the way from Dol Amroth finally being pronounced safe enough for her to travel up for the new King's coronation. She had always felt stifled by the quantity of stone in this city, and tried to find excuses to escape wherever possible. While she loved riding out of the city as often as she could, it was always hard to brush the mud out of her beautiful horse's long blond tail, let alone the rest of her. Finally, she had finished and rose to put her brushes away. She had been aware for some time of one of the other horses in the large stables kicking gently at the sides of a stall. Now she heard a nicker from the same stall, so she felt she had to investigate. The large stables at Minas Tirith currently housed horses belonging to people from all over Middle-Earth. Her own horse was stalled between a powerful grey from Rohan and her father's own roan. Walking swiftly towards the source of the noise, she was soon standing in front of the largest grey war horse she had ever seen. "What ails you, my friend?" she asked the horse softly, who snorted and nodded his head towards her, pushing his nose into her outstretched hand. Lothiriel laughed softly at his antics and produced a chunk of carrot from one of her capacious cloak pockets. Looking at the tack hanging on the nails in the stallion's stall, she knew the horse to belong to one of the Rohirrim. "Will you let me see to you?" she asked, a frown of worry crossing her face as the stallion kicked out at the wall again. The horse snorted, but backed away from the door, as if to grant her entrance. Slowly, Lothiriel entered the stall, talking softly all the time as she approached the horse and ran her soft hands over his flanks, looking for any abnormalities. Her fingers closed over something in the leg that the stallion had been kicking out with, and she gently pulled it out, staring with horror at the small, evil-looking dart in her hand. "I must go, my friend" she told the stallion quickly, running her free hand down the velvety nose as she left, running out of the stable, colliding headlong with a man who was just walking through the doors. Strong hands steadied her and she looked up at the large, blond haired man apologetically. "Forgive me, my Lord, I did not see you" she said, realising as she spoke that the young man was a Rohirric Warrior. "Do you know where I might find someone to take care of one of your horses?" she asked, seeing a frown of worry cross the man's face. The men of Rohan cared for their horses as deeply as their own kin. "What has happened?" he asked quickly, his dark eyes fixing on her face. A little unnerved by the intense gaze, Lothiriel showed him the dart she had taken from the stallions leg. "The big grey stallion had this stuck at the top of his foreleg. He was kicking out, and I think he's in a lot of pain." The soldier's eyes had widened as she described the horse. "Show me" he said shortly. Lothiriel, touched by the worried expression, hurried back to the horse, the big man easily keeping pace beside her with his long strides. As she paused in front of the stallion, the soldier hissed sharply. The horse nickered at his approach, but did not come to meet him. "Firefoot" the soldier said, a touch of panic in his deep voice as he turned to Lothiriel. "I need to beg a favour" he said. "Do you know where the Rohan guest quarter is?" Lothiriel nodded. "Ask for Eothain, tell him the King's horse may have been poisoned with Akailen. Please hurry." The soldier turned back to the wounded horse and Lothiriel picked up her skirts and ran through the city. She arrived moments later, breathless and panting, coming to a halt abruptly as the two men guarding the gate to the Rohan quarter crossed their spears in her path. "State your business" one said, not unkindly as he took in her panicked state. "I have been sent to find Eothain" Lothiriel managed, trying to catch her breath. "The King's horse may have been poisoned with Akailen." Her words caused one of the guards to drop his spear and run into the Rohan housing before she had even finished. "How do you know?" the other asked, his concern showing in his eyes. "I pulled a dart from his leg. I met one of your kin as I made to leave the stables, and he said it might have been poisoned." "The King rode out this morning" the guard said. "The dart must have been shot at him. We must find the King." The last sentence was spoken within the returning guard's hearing as he hurried back with an older, grizzled man in tow. "The King headed for the stables several minutes ago" the older man, who Lothiriel presumed to be Eothain, said as he passed. "Inside the city walls, he should be safe, but send two men to me anyway. I must go to Firefoot. Would you like to see how he fares?" he asked Lothiriel politely, adding as they moved off: "If it is the King who sent you to me, he will be no help at all. I will need him out of the way." In moments, they were back in the stables. The soldier was speaking to the horse in rapid, lilting Rohirric, but turned as they approached. "He is getting worse; he is unsteady on his feet and he is feeling pain" he said, looking for all the world like the parent of an ill baby. "Yes, my lord" Eothain replied in a comfortable voice, putting a strong hand on his shoulder. "Now if you would just follow the lady outside, I can see what needs to be done." With that, the bigger man was pushed gently but firmly out of the stall. "Send a guard in to me when they arrive, my Lord" Lothiriel looked up at the big soldier, who was apparently the King of Rohan. He swept a big hand through his long blond hair and turned his worried gaze back to his horse. "Come with me" she said, putting a gentle hand to his elbow and pulling him with her out of the stable. The rain had stopped and the warm sun had dried a low bench that stood on the side of the path. Lothiriel led the King over to the bench and sat him down. "Eothain will know what to do" she said soothingly, patting his arm as she watched his lack of response with some concern. Rapid footsteps made her look up to see two of the Rohirrim approaching. They stopped in front of the bench and bowed. "My lord King, what news?" one asked respectfully. Eomer just looked up at them and frowned. "Eothain is with Firefoot" Lothiriel said, when it became apparent that the King was not going to reply. "He has asked for one of you to help him." The guards turned quizzical eyes on her and then they both saluted the King, one retreating to stand guard a short distance away as the other slipped into the stables. They sat for some minutes in silence, and then the King turned to Lothiriel, his eyes seeming to focus properly for the first time since they had met. "Forgive me" he said, his deep voice slow as his dark gaze swept over her. "In my worry I sent you on errands without even knowing who you are. We are a simple people, in the Riddermark. When it comes to trouble with our horses, all niceties are forgotten." "Please do not apologise" Lothiriel said earnestly, adding with a smile: "My brothers are exactly the same. I am Lothiriel of Dol Amroth, and I presume you must be the King of Rohan?" "My name is Eomer." He told her. "You are Prince Imrahil's daughter? I am indeed ashamed of my behaviour, my Lady. Imrahil would be horrified if he knew I sent his only daughter on an errand about a horse." "Yes, well, it is not as though I look like a Princess" Lothiriel pointed out, gesturing at her stained riding dress. "So I think you can be forgiven. And anyway, Father needs to learn that his notions of what is 'proper' is getting a little-old fashioned." The very unladylike face she pulled as she said this surprised a genuine laugh out of the man sat at her side. And then the guard returned from the stable. "My Lord King" he called. Eomer was instantly on his feet and made it to the door in three long strides. Lothiriel followed at a slower pace, anxious to hear the outcome. Eothain turned at his King's approach. "It was a good thing the dart was seen" he said, his gravely voice easily reaching where Lothiriel stood in the shadow just inside the doorway. "He would have been in trouble if all of the poison had been released." That was all that Lothiriel wanted to hear. Not wishing to intrude any longer, she slipped out of the doors, heading for home. "Excuse me, miss?" one of the Rohirric guards called out in rough westron as she passed. Lothiriel paused and turned. "Thank you for saving Firefoot, my Lady" he said, colour rising to his cheeks, as he added: "May I ask your name?" Lothiriel realised then how young the soldier was; he could certainly have been no older than her nineteen summers. "I am Lothiriel of Dol Amroth" she said. "I did only what I hope any other would have done, but I am glad Firefoot is well." "Your name will be honoured amongst our kin" the other guard put in. Lothiriel felt the colour rising to her cheeks at the fervent tone. "You have my thanks" she managed, dropping a slight curtsey as she left. It was in a thoughtful mood that Lothiriel bathed and dressed for dinner that evening. Her maid's expression changed from concern to bordering on panic at Lothiriel's unusually distant mood. "Are you well, my Lady?" she asked as she brushed out her charge's long dark curls. Lothiriel blinked, pulling herself together. "I am sorry, Hileth" she said, smiling up at the grey-haired maid. "I had a busy afternoon, helping at the stables." Hileth shook her head. "You must try to behave with a little more decorum at Minas Tirith, my Lady" she said, a touch of reproach in her croaking voice. "Yes, Hileth" Lothiriel said demurely, the sparkle in her grey eyes giving away her amusement at her old maid's scolding tone. Hileth sighed. "I know it is no use telling you, my Lady. You were ever a wilful child. But we have little time now before dinner. You will be dining in the King's hall for the first time tonight, my Lady. What will you wear?" Lothiriel sighed. "Nothing that makes me look of marriageable age?" she asked hopefully, adding: "I hate the crawling attentions I receive at this court. Do you remember Lord Kailien?" Hileth barely repressed a shudder. "He was not the nicest of men, I will admit. Nevertheless, your Father has requested you to be suitably attired. You must just make sure Amrothos looks after you." Lothiriel laughed out loud. "Hileth, you know as well as I do how much Amrothos loves strutting about in this court. I will not see him all evening. I suppose I will just have to stand demurely beside Father and have the headache as soon as soon as I can after dinner is over. Otherwise I will be forced to dance with all those