AN: Here is another story up for the vote of continuation. Read it and enjoy. Disclaimer: The only thing that's mine here is the plot. Chapter 1 Gift Wendell shut the trunk of his car and started for the front door of his home. Since the birth of Hermione Sylvia, Wendell and Monica Granger hadn't been able to travel together as they once did. In fact, this was his first time being apart from his sweet Nickie and his little song bird, Sylvia. Hermione was only four and Monica couldn't leave her baby behind with some stranger. Family and friends refused to babysit her after the… incidents; a series of strange occurrences around his daughter that defied all logical explanation. These… events were quite harmless really. Making toys float here, changing room colors there, and a few other bits of innocent things that any child would fancy themselves doing if they were capable. However harmless these events, it was enough to scare off every person Wendell and Monica trusted around their baby girl. Even the local daycare refused to take her after Hermione, his little Sylvia, had entertained a bunch of homesick and crying children by making the toy animal figurines move and act like the creatures they were modeled after. The children were amused. The adults were not. Because of this, the Granger dentists were unable to attend conferences in other countries to give their famous speeches on dental care. That was until three weeks ago when their stand-in had a family emergency and had to visit his ailing grandmother in-law. Wendell could find no one else, and decided to go to the convention. Alone. Wendell was never happier to see home with its off white walls and the front door that was horrid shade of green and the strange snake lawn ornaments. Monica had a strange fixation on the slimy beasts. She said she had dreams of them being a big part of her daughter's life. Of course Wendell would have none of it. He thought snakes were vicious, bloodthirsty beasts that would sooner bite than leave you alone. All thoughts of scaled nightmares vanished, however, when the door opened and a curly haired toddler waddle-ran down the walkway with the biggest grin on her face while shouting, "Daddy! Daddy!" "My little songbird!" Wendell bent over and swooped up his offspring with one arm. He pressed countless kisses into her gold-brown hair, making her giggle and squeal in delight. Her mother, a brown haired beauty joined them and took the place for Wendell's affection. "Hello darling. Surprised?" The woman grinned. "I am! I thought you'd be another week!" Wendell laughed merrily. "Daryl came and took over for me. His grandmother in-law died in her sleep and he was more than willing to get away from his wife's psychotic family." Monica shook her head in mock derision. "Men." "Hey, I don't blame him! Dementia is one he… heck of an illness. I wouldn't want to hang around an elder with it either!" "Daddy!" Both parents turned their attention to their daughter. "Present?" Wendell arched an eyebrow. "A present? You think I have a present for you?" The little girl nodded, still grinning from ear to ear. "Well only good girls get presents. Were you a good girl for mommy while daddy was away?" Wendell already knew the answer. Hermione was a good child. She was well behaved (most of the time) and gladly followed the rules. She showed signs of being quite intelligent and enjoyed learning. Wendell and Monica knew they were blessed, though the sporadic bursts of… strange they could live without. "I've been good! Promise!" "I know." Wendell kissed her forehead before setting her down and reached into his coat pocket for her belated birthday gift. He almost missed the warm season down south. It could get quite chilly in London during October. "Alright! Ready to see what I brought you from the great plains of India?" "Daddy! Plains are as… as-so-ci-ated with Africa!" "Yes they are, but there are plains in India as well. Now are you ready?" He palmed the rock in his pocket. When little Sylvia nodded, he pulled it out with flourish. "Ta da! Something new and pretty for your collection!" Hermione squealed in delight and took the rock for evaluation. It was small, the size and shape of a chicken egg and polished to perfection. The surface was smooth and the colours almost fog-like in appearance, blues and greens and even hints of purple swirled together, mixing and separating once again. It was as if the shell was made of glass and the coloured smoke was trapped inside, restless and always moving. A trick of the light most likely. Wendell was stunned by the brilliance of the stone when he first saw it and knew a certain toddler would love its colors. He was a little creeped out that it had been sitting beneath a big frog, but that was the stall owner's pet and Wendell didn't want to insult him by saying it was unsanitary to let a frog touch the merchandise. "It's so pretty!" "It is! Why don't you go add it to your collection of random things." "They're not random! They're all important to me!" Hermione pouted her perfectly pink, cupid bow lips up at her father before returning to her examination of her new rock. Her brow furrowed in the cutest manner and she looked up at her father in wonder. "I think it's an egg!" Wendell and Monica, adults and very grown up, knew that no egg looked like that rock but humoured their daughter's imagination. The counselor said it was good to encourage creativity in children. "I bet it is, songbird. Let's hope that it doesn't hatch, though. We already have two cocker spaniels and we don't need any more pets. Where are those dogs anyway? They're usually jumping all over me when I get home." Monica nodded at the house. "In the back yard. Hermione dear, run along inside now. Daddy and I need to get started on dinner." Hermione appeared as annoyed as a four year old could, cupping the stone gently. "But it is an egg! I can feel the baby's heartbeat and everything!" "That's nice dear. Now off to your rooms." Wendell shot his wife a look and she returned it. This is the first time they'd been apart since before they were married. They thanked god again for blessing them with a child that was happy to stay in her rooms and entertain herself. Very blessed indeed. Hermione left her parents outside, mentally commentating on their dismissal of her discovery. Hermione puffed out her chest. She had learned those adult words from listening to her mother conversing with other adults. She was praised when she said them outloud and in the right… context. The egg thrummed in her hand and Hermione rubbed the shell with her thumb. "Don't worry! I'll take care of you until you hatch! I hope you'll stay after you hatch, though. I don't much like the dogs. Their claws hurt and they're really annoying." The egg thrummed in response and Hermione was satisfied. She entered her room and made a warm nest to incubate the egg. Hermione knew it wouldn't be long before it hatched. She could feel it. Meanwhile, in the magical world, a team of Aurors were apprehending a Dark Wizard for illegally breeding Basilisks and selling them to Muggles. All of the eggs were recollected and destroyed for the public's safety. All but one. VHK Hermione woke up the next morning to a miracle. The egg had hatched and amid the pile of shirts was a beautiful baby snake. Its skin was black and it had a crest of blue and green feathers on the top of its triangular head. It opened its slitted yellow eyes and hissed in greeting. Hermione felt her body freeze up for a moment, but it passed quickly. Her body shivered in unease. Hermione had a feeling that she had just had a brush with death and lived to tell the tale. The snake watched her for a spare few moments before slithering over to the window and disappeared into the backyard and into the yonder. Hermione was a little sad to see the baby go, but a little relieved as well. She thought it would be a bird of some kind anyway. She didn't know how to care for a snake! It would probably be better off in the wild. Hermione went about her life as normal. Well, as normal as a muggleborn child's life can go. Three years passed and Hermione soon became ostracized by her peers. Adults liked her quite nicely as she was incredibly clever and witty, preferring to converse with her teachers than with children her own age. This only made her more unpopular and Hermione turned into a victim of bullying. Children made fun of her name, her intelligence, her overly large teeth, her bushy hair, her near sugar-free diet, her clothes, and her lack of friends. Hermione, already an introverted child, curled further into herself and hid away from her cruel classmates. She spent her time reading and studying, learning new things that she may or may not need to know one day. Daddy always told her to be prepared. Hermione was very lonely, but books kept her company and the occasional animal that she didn't dare tell anyone that she could understand. Soon enough, her teachers realized her astounding intellect and Hermione found herself skipping two years of grade school. However, a seven year old amongst nine and ten year olds was not welcome. Especially when she got the highest grades. Hermione was walking home one day, her school uniform torn, bookbag held together by mere threads, missing a shoe, covered in bruises and bleeding, when she saw a strange man. The male was heavily scarred, his pale skin a physical representation of each of his triumphs over death. His right eye, a flinty gunmetal gray, was overshadowed by his much larger left eye that swiveled restlessly in it's socket and seemingly held in place by a black band secured over his straw blond hair. He was using a tall, wooden staff to hold himself up as one of his legs was obviously fake. He was dressed in strange, dark green robes and she could smell the sharp scent of alcohol from her spot not ten paces away from him. Hermione deduced that either someone had spilled it on him earlier or this strange man was a heavy drinker. She confirmed the latter when she saw him pull out a flask and drink from it greedily. All thoughts of shameful vices disappeared when that large, blue eye landed on her. The man stiffened and put his flask away. His brow furrowed and and he turned to regard the girl with scrutiny. "You eyein' me, lassie?" Hermione, embarrassed at getting caught, shook her head wildly and looked past him. She was one block away from her house. She was already running late due to being jumped by her older classmates. Maybe one of her parents would peek out and call her home. Or she could pretend she never saw the man and go home. But that would mean walking right past him. And Hermione did not want to do that. The man's shoulders lost some of their tension, but only some. He was still eying her in suspicion. His voice made her jump "What happened to you? Looks like you got into a fight with a hippogriff and lost." She thought it strange that he brought up a supposedly mythical creature and used it in comparison to the bullies that did this to her, but she answered him anyway. "The children at school don't like me. They say I'm a kiss ass and a bookworm. I may look bad, but those buggering wankers look worse." The man's right eye grew wide in