Prologue "This is definitely a trap." Harry didn't bother to stop his swift pace, leading us through the atrium of the Ministry of Magic. "I saw him, Hermione! Sirius is in danger and he needs my help!" Ron, of course, took the opportunity to belittle me. He pulled an excellent Malfoy impression sneering at me from over his shoulder. "Yeah, 'Mione! Sirius means too much to us to leave him in old Moldy Short's hands!" I darted between Neville and Ron, rushed in front of Harry and spun to face the impromptu rescue squad. I assumed the pose of a most irate woman and scowled at Ron and Harry. "Sirius may not be my godfather, Ronald Bilius Weasley, but he is Harry's godfather and that is more than enough reason for me to stick out my neck to save him. Be that as it may, we don't even know for sure if he is even here! Sirius may despise being cooped up in his ancestral home, but he knows that staying hidden is in his best interest and will keep him from capture. Knowing that, why in the bloody hell would he be here, in the bowels of the Ministry of Magic, run by the very people who wish him imprisoned and Kissed by dementors?!" Harry's face was twisted in furious terror and I almost felt sorry for stopping him. Almost. "But we flooed Grimmauld Place and Kreacher said…!" "I know, Harry! I was there, too! But Kreacher, a house left alone in a dusty, grimm household with nothing but that vile painting for company, has made it clear several times just how little he thinks of Sirius! How do we know he wasn't lying about Sirius not being there?! Believe it or not, House Elves can lie, Harry, if they are not ordered to keep everything they see and hear secret! Sirius always…!" Harry shook his head and tried to run around me. "We're wasting time, Hermione! We have to save him!" I caught him around the waist and gently pushed him back. Harry looked shocked at my show of strength and I used his surprise to my advantage. My voice was calm and quiet. Some would say eerily so. "Harry, look around you. Tell me what you see." Harry scanned the vast room quickly, eager to run to his godfather's rescue. "Nothing, Hermione! Can we please go now?" "Exactly Harry." I nodded in confirmation and gestured to our group of six. "Nothing. No Aurors. No security. Not even a bored and tired greeter to check our wands. We are the only ones here. Don't you find that the least bit suspicious?" The Boy Who Lived had finally engaged his logic and reason. He was calming down, thinking over all I had said, and would soon be open to accepting my plan of action. Things were finally looking up for once. And then Ron went and ran his filterless mouth. "Who the bloody hell cares?! Sirius is down there being tortured! We don't have time to listen to you complain about Ministry workers that aren't nearly as studious and boring as you!" Harry's reasoning was once again shut off in favor of his mindless impulsive side. "He's right! Let's go!" I threw my hands up in the air, trying to stop them once again. "Can you please just listen to me! You can't just storm down there guns blazing and hope for the best! We need to strategize! We need a plan!" Harry pushed past me. I was forced to run to keep up. "I have a plan: save Sirius and get out alive!" *Oh! For the love of…!* "That's not a plan!" Harry kept his eyes forward, his eyes glowing with determination. "It's always worked before." "Barely!" He, of course, ignored me. Sometimes I wonder why I'm still friends with Harry. He's impulsive, stubborn, far too trusting, and always takes Ron's side when the blasted Weasel decides to pick a fight with me. The only times Harry stood by me was when he was declared the fourth champion of the Tri-Wizard Tournament. Ron had forsaken him as a friend, jealous of the attention Harry got and angry that he didn't share how he had got his name into the Goblet of Fire. Oh, Harry embraced my friendship then, but easily forgave Ron the second the git apologized. Both resumed their close friendship and Harry once again gifted Ron his total support. Still, I couldn't regret what my friendship with Harry had led to all those years ago. So much power at my fingertips and a bond with a most dashing, loyal, virile male. A male I have come to care for greatly and… dare I say… love… in a way. Harry had slowed down upon reaching the entrance to the Department of Mysteries. Using the memories of his so called dreams, he led us to the entrance of the Hall of Prophecy. I knew once we walked through that door, there would be no turning back. I tried once more to enact my plan. "Harry, please! Let me go in first! I'll scope out the room, find every exit, and look for Sirius if he's even there! If he is, I'll give a signal and we'll save him. If not, then we need to get out of here asap. At least this way, if anyone will be falling into a trap, it'll be me." Harry's eyes widened in fear and he latched onto my biceps. "No! We do this together! I'm going to let you walk into a… possible trap without me!" "Harry…" I shrugged off his hold and cupped his too pale face. He had shed his baby fat, not that he had much to begin with, and the sleek lines of his jaw and cheekbones foreshadowed the striking man he would grow into some day soon. "Harry, you are far too important to risk your life so foolishly. I'll be disillusioned and quiet as a mouse so anyone who might be in there won't even know I'm there. "Now stay put and guard the door until I come back. And please… Please don't do anything stupid while I'm gone." I allowed my eyes to land on Luna's and gave her that look. We had spent enough time together to know each other's looks : shut up, change topics, they're getting too close to the truth', cover for me, distract them, and 'watch him'. I knew she couldn't do too much without revealing her… our… dirty little secret, but I hoped she could at least talk Harry into waiting for me. Her eyes flashed purple-pink and she twitched her nose in acknowledgement. She'll do her best. I nodded once and set up a ward around the abnormally silent group. From their wane faces and wide eyes, I guessed that the situation was truly beginning to set in: our little rescue mission might end in someone's demise… and there no way of telling which side would lose a soldier tonight if things went south. Giving Harry one last pleading look, I cracked open the ornate door and slipped inside. Once the door clicked shut, I relaxed substantially. Finally, I could drop my facade. With a wave of my hand, I split a tear into the weave of this dimension and slipped into Purgatory; the universe that encases our reality and acts as the barrier between our world and the Ether. Purgatory is where the lost spirits of the dead roamed in corporeal form. Like me, they could slip between the veil which gave the illusion that they could turn invisible whenever they wished. What very few knew was that a ghost is not bound to their place of death in Purgatory. While in this plane, they could go wherever they pleased. Still, they remained where they died to haunt any newcomers. Why? Well, the fog of course! Purgatory is a plane that cushions the edges of two worlds, not even big enough to be it's own realm. Being that Purgatory is nothing more than a barrier, it absorbs the… energy? Power?... of our world and the Ether which creates a dense fog almost impossible to see through if one didn't have the crystal clear vision I was gifted. Well, there's also the lost souls that have been isolated so long that they became mindless beasts that roam the plane and hunt unsuspecting astral projectors and ghosts… but they don't bother me. They know better. I simple spell on my boots rendered me completely silent and undetectable to any that might be listening. I was just on the inside of Purgatory, close enough to be audible. Walking further into Purgatory risked alerting Draven of my presence which he would take as an invitation. Only two things happened in this plane and I didn't have time for either. I roamed the edge of the room, peering down the seemingly endless aisles in search of Sirius, Voldemort, or any Death Eaters stupid enough to enter the Ministry in their ghastly garb. Then again, maybe we could use this opportunity to show up Fudge and prove to the world that Voldemort was back. Remembering Harry's description of his dream, I honed in on aisle 97. Something about this just wasn't right. Out of all the rooms in the Ministry why this one? Why the Hall of Prophecy? It was on the ninth level, supposedly guarded better than Gringotts vault (obviously not if a band of six teenagers can get in unscathed). Voldemort may be a psychopathic git, but he isn't stupid (but I could argue that statement with a list of things the bastard had done wrong). He must know that the Order of Phoenix knew he had returned and were keeping an eye on his followers. Remaining in the shadows only benefitted him for the time being. Why would he risk exposure and widespread panic of his return to come here? I peered between the shelves, looking for a sign of life, when I saw a paper tag with Harry's name written beneath Trelawney's. It was tied around a simple stand holding an orb only as big as Harry's fist. Blue-gray smoke swirled inside the ball and glowed a little brighter than the others on the shelf. Well… not as bright as the one just ten orbs over and one shelf up. I glanced down at the somewhat faded writing and was absolutely shocked to see my name beneath someone named Lorelei Rupert. Though my name was surprising enough to see in the Hall of Prophecy, it was the date that did me in: November 1, 1981. A mere few hours after Harry had become an orphan. I reached up and, ever so carefully, grasped the glass ball. The surface was slippery with dust accumulated after sixteen years on a shelf. It was cold to the touch and the light pulsed in recognition of my touch. I was tempted to listen to it, just to hear what what this Lorelei had proclaimed. I was about to when the sound of several footsteps and rather loud whispers, growing louder, pulled me out of my reverie. I stepped out from between the shelves to see my group rushing towards me with Harry checking the aisle numbers. I growled in irritation and dropped my prophecy into my beaded bag. The undetectable extension charm would help hide it along with the tons of books and supplies I kept in the seemingly empty purse. As soon as my so-called friends had their backs to me, I stepped out of Purgatory and hissed at them quietly. "Are you incapable of following simple instructions? Are you all truly that stupid?" All five students jumped and spun on the heels with their wands out. They relaxed when they saw me. It really brassed me off. "Don't put your wands away, you imbeciles! If I had been Death Eater, I could have killed three of you before the other two