AN: Well, here is the rewritten chapter like I promised. Sorry for the delay. I've hurt my wrist somehow and now it hurts like hell. Other revisions should be up relatively soon. I hope. Life could get in the way. Disclaimer: Still not mine. Chapter 1 World Cup Conundrum I jumped and dropped my book at the sound of a loud bang. Two pairs of hands were laid flat on the table in front of me. My eyes trailed up the arms they were connected to and found none other than the Weasley twins. "Come on, Granger Danger!" "It's time to head up to the stadium!" I huffed at them and retrieved my book, Magical Creatures of the World . "Fine, but I'm taking my book with me." "Oh no you don't!" "You're at the World Cup!" "You have to cheer with us!" "For Ireland, of course." "Bulgaria can suck Doxie eggs." "Though their Seeker will give Ireland a good fight." I smirked up at them, slowly slipping my book into my bag with an undetectable extension charm. Something I did myself. It fit in nicely with my other book, Truths of the Animagi. "Just for that, I think I'll cheer for Bulgaria." Fred and George pouted and pulled at my bag. "Why are you bringing a book?" "You can study after Ireland wins." "Why do even need to study?" "You already took your OWLs." "Broke two records I heard." "And received an Order of Merlin." "Second Class." "You shouldn't be studying!" "Hermione!" Harry ran up from behind the twins to get to me. "Come on, guys. We are all waiting on you and I can't take Ron's whining anymore." "Aw… Is Wittle Ickle Ronnikins getting impatient?" "What do you say we cheer him up?" Fred and George vanished outside of the tent and immediately began torturing Ron. The Weasley family laughed and followed the stream of the crowd heading towards the Quidditch arena. Harry and I trailed after them, arms looped together. "Did you really bring a book with you?" I patted the deceptively small bag hanging by my hip. "Yup. I'm studying… er…. different animals and how some them may contain venom or….." Harry clasped a hand over my mouth. "We are still on summer break, 'Mione. It's okay for you to relax a little and enjoy a game of Quidditch with us. I guarantee you that your position at the top of the class will not drop. As if you'd give up the title of smartest student at Hogwarts to Malfoy. Nothing is important enough for you to miss the game." ' Oh Harry, but it is important.' I shook my head. "I won't make any promises. If there is a lull in the match, the book comes out. It's a little… project of mine." He snorted, "For what? Looking for a new familiar?" I lifted my free hand and flicked my best friend's nose. "No. Crookshanks is the most loyal companion I've ever had. Don't forget that it's because of him that Pettigrew was apprehended. Speaking of which, have you heard anything about the trial? They are going to let Sirius go, right? And compensate him for all those years in Azkaban as an innocent man? He deserves a lot more than a simple apology." Harry brightened considerably at the mention of his Godfather. "Yeah! He sent me a letter a few days ago. The truth has finally come out and Sirius is a free man. He said all that's left to do now is a heaping mountain of paperwork." "That's great, Harry. I take it he won't be joining us then." I couldn't help a small smile at the sight of his happiness. Heaven knows he didn't much of it growing up. I felt bad when his face darkened. "No, he couldn't make it. He said it would have been the best way ever to celebrate his freedom. To watch the World Quidditch Cup with me." I gave his wrist a gentle squeeze. "We could take some photos. I brought a camera with me. It's a muggle camera, which means the pictures won't move, but…." Harry waved off my offer. "It's okay. I'll just give him a play-by-play when I see him." We were nearing the entrance to the stadium and I spotted Arthur speaking with a tall and dark haired man that looked very familiar. I bounced on the balls of my feet, tugging on Harry's arm. "I don't think that will be necessary." Harry followed my line of vision. His face lit up like a christmas tree as soon as he saw his Godfather. "Sirus!" The ex-convict jerked up at his name. A wide grin took over his face and he spread his arms to accept his Godson. They crashed into each other laughing and crying at their reunion, uncaring of the looks they were receiving. "Harry! It is so good to see you!" "Sirius, what are you doing here? I thought you said…" "Paperwork is all done, my accounts restored, wrongs righted. It's kind of been done for about three days now. I had Arthur swear not to breath a word though. I wanted to surprise you." His grey eyes dimmed a little. "You're not mad, are you?" "Are you joking?! This is the best day ever!" Harry embraced Sirius once again. The Animagus slumped in relief and patted Harry on the back. "Not yet it isn't. Not until I watch Bulgaria crush Ireland into a snivelling pulp." "Yeah right!" Fred and George chanted at the same time. Arthur slapped his palm against Sirius' back. "Right than, Black. I want you to meet my family. That there is Fred and George. This is William, but everyone calls him Bill. This is Charlie. He is visiting from Romania. He works as a Dragon Tamer. This is Ginevra, or Ginny as she prefers. And I hear you already met Ron and Hermione." Sirius nodded in greeting to each Weasley and grinned broadly at me. "Hermione! Good to see you again. Harry told me you've been forcing him to work all summer. And my my! Haven't you grown! You're gonna be a heartbreaker, Granger!" I rolled my eyes. "One, I encouraged him to go over this year's spell books for our classes. One can never be too prepared. Two, we were only at the burrow for three weeks. That hardly counts as an entire summer. And three, I will not 'break hearts'." Sirius barked out a laugh and pulled me into a hug. As soon as our chests connected, he jumped back. His eyes fell to the round pendant hanging from a small chain. "Now what have you got there?" I gasped and cupped the orb, hiding it from view. "Just something new." "A lot of magic radiating from that thing. How many charms did you place on it?" His steel colored eyes didn't stray from the hidden ball. "Just a few. Shield charms and the like. Like I said, no one can be too prepared." "Hm." Sirius stared at my hands for what felt like an hour before dropping the subject. "Alright then, let's go! It's going to be a bit of a climb to reach our seats, and I don't want to miss the entrances. Those are the best part!" I relaxed as we once again started moving. Arthur handed our tickets to the security detail and we were waved through. As we began climbing, my thought strayed to my new pendant and just how I came to have it. *Flashback* " Hermione. Honey, what are you… What the bloody hell….!" Thump I jumped to my feet. "Dad? Instead of my voice, a high-pitched yip bounced off the walls of my room. Not a bark exactly. I didn't sound like a dog… yet I kinda did. I certainly never heard that sound before. Especially not out of my own mouth. I glanced down at my hands and saw two, tiny black paws with sharp claws peeking out from the fur. The flickering fire cuffs threw me for a loop, but it was probably just the magic making me see things. A first time shifting thing no doubt. Father forgotten for the moment, I jumped and danced in place. I am an Animagus! I achieved my second form! There wasn't a word in the english dictionary, or any other dictionary, that could describe my pure elation of this moment. After weeks, months, of frustrating meditations, embarrassment over fuzzy ears and growing three fluffy tails, I had finally perfected the shift. I can't bloody wait to tell Professor McGonagall! She'll be so happy! An odd, glowing ball had me tripping over my new four feet. It wasn't very big. Almost as big as my fist. It resembled a crystal ball with clouds of cream frozen in elegant swirls inside the orb. Inside the sandy clouds seemed to be an explosion of color. Each new angle provided new shades and hues; like a rainbow Aurora Borealis trapped within a sandstorm or a sandy opal. It pulsed with magic, my magic, and darted in the air like a snitch. When I calmed, it calmed and simply floated midair a few feet from my face. Seeing this strange orb was weird. Stranger still that I could… feel it. Like it was an extension of me. An extra limb. Like my tails. *Flashback* Tails. Plural. As in more than one. The first time I saw them, I brushed it off as hallucinations. McGonagall warned me that some people that actually achieved their second form experienced minor hallucinations. She said she never had them herself, but she did wind up with whiskers and a tail. According to her and the books she lent me on the subject, I had nothing to worry about as long as I kept my focus. Should I have any physical characteristics of my other form, concentration will make it go away. If meditation didn't work, I could always owl her and she would deliver me to Madam Pomfrey herself. Me being me, I refused to call for help. I could do anything I set my mind to as I've proven several times before. Mastering the art of the Animagus was trying, but I did it. Sure there were bumps along the way. My ears grew and moved to sit more a top my head than on the sides, resembling those of a dog. I had to hide them under scarves and hats for the few hours they were there. Flattening them wasn't difficult, but it dulled my heightened hearing and hurt like the bloody dickins. The tails were a little harder to hide. I was stuck indoors, a loss since I was on vacation in France at the time, and restricted to my room with the curtains drawn for damn near the entire trip. Again… Tails . Three of them to be exact. Well, it used to be three. Ever since that day I fully shifted, I gained two more. At first I thought it a fluke, an hallucination, a trick of the magic. First time shifters sometimes experienced those symptoms. However, I have shifted twice since then and the five tails remained. And, Merlin, was it irritating. No fox in the muggle world had more than one, count 'em one , tail. Hence the reason for my current research. After searching through book after muggle book, I switched to wizarding tomes. Not only about creatures, but of Animagi and the reason why I might have extra extra limbs. The only answer I had come across was the Kitsune; a magical beast native to japan. A Kitsune started with a single tail upon birth and sprouted two more tails as they grew in wisdom and power. The more tails, usually meant the older the Kitsune. A Kitsune reached full maturity when they had nine tails and their fur turned white or gold. According to Magical Creatures of the World, Kitsunes possessed different powers… control over