AN: Another story up for vote. Again; I will be putting all other stories on the backburner and focusing on one... which you all as my readers will choose. If you haven't cast your vote yet, go do so. Disclaimer: The characters, the setting... none of it is mine. Prologue September 20, 1993 12:03 am Sitting in the Headmaster's office listening to a group of Professors arguing about my fate, I could only think of one thing. 'The trouble is starting a little earlier than usual.' First year, it wasn't until Halloween rolled around that the troll was let in and I formed friendships with Harry Potter and Ron Weasley. Things started around mid-October last year. And now it has started on my birthday. It began innocently enough, Harry and Ron presenting me with breakfast and presents in the Great Hall and promises of Honeydukes' goodies after class was a nice gesture that brightened my day considerably. And then Draco happened. One of his air-headed shadows, anyway. No. It was not Draco the started the scuffle, but his ever devoted harlot, Pansy Parkinson. Insults were shared, poorly veiled threats were made, and then the wands came out. I didn't even know how it happened. One minute I was opening a gift from Harry and the next Professor Snape was towering over all four of us. Derogatory comments spilled from his lips like poison and the Golden Trio plus Parkinson were sentenced to detention. Since he had better things to do than 'babysit a bunch of overly excited dunderheads', he set us on the Grounds Keeper and Professor of the Care of Magical Creatures class. Hagrid was all too happy to see three of us. The reptilian tag-along he could have lived without. The point is we were to spend the night of my 14th birthday assisting Hagrid patch up some poor animal he found wandering the land. Now that I'm looking back on it, it seems that Hagrid and his bleeding heart is the root of the latest mess. Shockingly enough, it wasn't Harry at the center of it all. Nope. That honor belonged to no other than me: Hermione Granger, the brains of the Golden Trio. Aren't I so fucking lucky? *Flashback* I was seriously beginning to consider homicide as Parkinson's whining seemed to get louder with every tree they passed. The only things holding me back was Harry and thoughts of Azkaban. After the dementor fiasco on the train ride, I had read up on all I could about them. Suffice to say that all I learned did not paint a pretty picture. They were dark creatures that fed off happiness and joy, leaving behind only bone-deep sadness. I know they guarded Azkaban, acting as the most efficient jailers and deterrents of escape. So not only would going to Azkaban drop me in the center of a dementor's playground, but I would also be there without books. Plus, I wouldn't be able to help Harry. " C'mon, you lot! Jus' a lil' further!" Hagrid waved us to follow and continued walking deeper into the Forbidden Forest. Ron's head and eyes were in constant motion, scanning the trees for acromantulas. " Ah! 'Ere we are!" The half-giant heaved the bag off his shoulder and pulled a hunk of meat from the pouch. "Easy, easy now. Well, c'mon then! He don't bite!" Harry and I joined him first, peeking around the burly man's arm. I froze in shock and fear at the black being on the ground. "Hagrid… Is that a gwyllgi?" Either he was oblivious to my frigid tone or Hagrid was so confident in his ability to tame and care for beasts as he didn't drop his grin. "Good eye, 'Mione! Good eye! Gwyllgi, o'erwise known as the Black Dog, is a beast that roams the land and scares travellers for a laugh. They been known to attack, but don't you worry! He won't hurt ya!" I gawked at the large beast. Black Dog was a proper name for the being as it's fur was so dark it swallowed all the light in the area. A skeletal head rested on the top of it's face like armor. The only spot of color besides the ivory mask was the red flames coming from it's eye sockets. I got the distinct impression that it was eyeing me. Ron and Pansy had squeaked in fear upon seeing the creature. At least Harry and I were able to keep a cool head. Hagrid said our detention would be spent caring for the Black Dog and nurturing it back to health so that he could release it once more. The Golden Trio had no qualms with this if a little uneasy. The Slytherin told us exactly what she thought of the detention. *Flashback* My memory went hazy around then. All I can recall was that Pansy did something to startle and upset the Black Dog and caused it to attack the closest person. Which, shockingly enough, was Harry Potter. I remember the blind panic, the fear at seeing this massive beast the size of a small horse leaping at my best friend, claws and fangs bared. My magic surged to the surface as I screamed in terror. I remember blurs of translucent white and bright green rush past me to swarm the Gwyllgi. My memory was splotchy after spotting the ghosts of Hogwarts, even Peeves, hovering over the very dead beast. A vague impression of being carried through trees, a myriad of faces, a flash of the Head of Gryffindor, the brooding figure of the Potions Master, the scarred face of the incredibly witty new Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor. Now I am sitting in Headmaster Dumbledore's office on an overstuffed loveseat pressed against the wall, half listening as the adults before me argued over my future. McGonagall's fist slammed down on the desk. "I will not send my best student to another school in the name of training! I don't care how extensive their library is!" Severus Snape, to my utter surprise, backed the old witch. "I agree. Miss Granger is in an extremely fragile state. The natural seal on her gift has broken and will no doubt make her magic core difficult to control. Can you not feel the magical currents running wild about her? Her lack of control will be stressful enough. Sending her to a new school, no matter how well equipped to train her, will only worsen her condition. Put her in my care. I have a few books on the matter and I could at least help her get a handle on her power. Helping her master it won't be easy, but it would be better than setting her loose without a guide." The cat animagus snorted. "And I suppose you want to transfer her into the Slytherin House?" They shared a look. "No! I'll not have it! Didn't you just say…?" Remus Lupin stepped forward from the edge of the room. "I don't mind looking after her! I mean I am teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts. I'm sure I can find something to help Miss Granger. She seems to be a bright witch from what I've seen. Teaching her shouldn't be too much of a problem." Snape gave the new staff member a condescending sneer. "Don't you have your own problems to stew over?" The kind albeit scarred face of Remus twisted into a snarl. I thought I saw his blue eyes flash gold, but that might have been a trick of the light. Or maybe I'm going barmy. The Professors went at it again, discussing what was to happen with me, as if I were some stupid tart that couldn't make decisions for herself. Then again, I could hardly think straight with my magical core throbbing with the urge to do… more. My eyes moved to the Headmaster of Hogwarts, looking completely entranced with the scene in front of him. He resembled a man whose program came on the telly. His eyes twinkled merrily and his lips were tilted up in a smile. He noticed my focus and sent me a wink. I was not comforted. The old wizard finally rose from his seat and clapped his hands, silencing his employees. "I believe I've heard enough. Suggestions and offers have been made, but I think that the decision rests with the one who will live with the choice. Hermione Granger is not considered to be the brightest witch of her age without reason. The young lady is more than capable of choosing the path she deems best." I didn't say anything, merely set down the teacup full of chilling chamomile. Straight. No sugar or cream for me, thank you. Dumbledore, spry for a man his age, maneuvered around his desk and folded himself across from me in a sofa matching the loveseat. "I always had a feeling you were special, Miss Granger. Took to magic like a fish to water. Think of your new ability as simply another art to master. I have no doubt in my mind that a witch as talented a you can do it. "I'm sure that you've been listening most of the time and can see the… urgency of this situation. An untrained necromancer can be very dangerous. Leaving you to your own devices is not an option, so I will present you with a series of choices to think over and decide which one is best for you. No one knows you better than yourself, as they say. "Option one: I put a block on your gift. It will not be permanent. Now that your magic has been unleashed, it will not be locked away again easily. The seal will wear with time and your growth until it breaks free again. Next time, it might not be an animal you kill. Option two: you transfer into the Slytherin House so that Professor Snape may keep a closer eye on you as he teaches you control. I understand you do not have a network of friends in his House, but I'm sure he can keep them at bay. Option three: I send you to another school. Durmstrang is a school known for focusing on the Dark Arts. If anyone is bound to have information on necromancers, it would be High Master Karkaroff." Dumbledore made himself a cup of tea, his eyes glowing. "Option four: I send a letter to my old friend and colleague requesting him to travel here and bring with him tools to help you master your power. Go ahead and mull it over. I would suggest heading to bed and making this choice after a full night's sleep, but I know you wouldn't sleep a wink." So I did. I created a pro and con list in my head for all my options. The first one was definitely out. No pros there. That would only be putting off the problem, and paying dearly for it later. Besides, that's not how a Gryffindor handles their problems. The second option was slightly better, but only just. Snape was a good man. A bitter git that made her life hell in the classroom, yes, but he was wickedly clever git. He was not one of her secretly favored Professors without a reason. He challenged her to do better and she strived for his approval. Maybe learning from him wouldn't be so bad if that meant she got to get under that mask of his and truly know the man beneath his malicious exterior. However, that came with moving into the dungeons. With the snakes. I had no problem with Slytherin and what it stood for: cunning, resourcefulness, ambition. It was the members of the House I straight up didn't like. The second Snape turned his back, the snakes would strike. And those bastards went for the jugular. No. Snape may be a good man, but even he can't keep the purebloods from driving out the muggleborn infiltrator. The