Summary: Orphaned and then raised from a young age by the Clan, Bella is used to being a little different than everyone else. How much different could she really be? Will she ever find a place to call home? Selkie/AU BxJ AN: The bulk of this chapter has not changed, I just deleted the future takes so that I could continue the story on. Second chapter to post soon. Finding Home Santa Monica Pier, CA, Spring 1992 The lights were bright and the moon was shining a weak contrast as we weaved through the crowd packing the pier like sardines in a can. Music from the various rides and games were only muffling the screams of patrons as they tilted, whirled, and zoomed. My mother's hand was warm and solid as we hurried away from the red-eyes that had been chasing us. The end of the pier loomed ahead of us and her urgency increased. She knelt down in front of me, the worry etched on her brow as she pulled the worn skin from her purse. Wrapping it around my shoulders, she said, "Swim hard, swim fast. Kwala just left for the North, you should be able to catch up to her. Don't look back." I was given no chance to protest as she pushed me off the edge of the pier, the darkness of the corner we were in giving cover to my fall. There was hardly a splash as the water enclosed me in its welcoming embrace. The skin shifted, stretched, covered, encased. My head popped out of the water and I took one last glance at my mother, her willowy form silhouetted by the lights. "Go, Bella, go!" My little ears, which were better suited to hearing underwater, barely caught her yell before she was sucked back into the crowd. Flipping over, I sliced down through the water, my fins flipping hard, meeting little resistance. An explosion on the pier sent waves of impact through the water, pushing me further along before I u-turned and arose to the top. My mother's skin which had always felt a little loose on me, tightened, becoming snug to my own dimensions. Knowing that this meant she had died, I surfaced and was met with a burning pier and lots of debris in the water. "Momma, NO!" I screamed out, my words just barks pouring from my snout. Burning pieces of wood and ash were falling the closer I got to the burning pier. The smell of blood was thick in the water from the injured bodies. I dodged and weaved trying to get closer. Dark shapes were tracking through the water. Sharks. Momma had told me about them. I had to go. Kwala! I wailed into the water, pushing myself as hard as I could. Dodging out of the way of the encroaching sharks, I just barely missed one as it tried to take a chunk out of my fins. Pushing hard into the water, I swam faster than I ever had before. One of the sharks followed, hoping to make an easy meal of me. Kwala! I called out again. The dark shapes of Kwala and her clan as they turned in my direction, scared me at first, having never seen more than two or three at a time. Spotting Kwala among the twenty or so Orcas facing me, I sped towards her. Two of the orcas, Shipa and one that I had never met, chased off the trailing shark while I nuzzled into Kwala. Young one, what happened to your mother? I smell her but can no longer sense her. Kwala sung out to me. Gone. She said to find you. And then the pier exploded. I sung back. Then you will stay with us. Grab fin. Kwala said as she turned back toward the north. I grasped onto her top fin, letting her take my weight since my small body wouldn't be able to swim very far. Second Beach, La Push, WA, Summer, 1999. The boy was crying silently, curled up next to a piece of driftwood. I tugged the fur tightly around me, wondering where ground walkers got the fabric they wrapped themselves in. The only fabrics I had were from when I dove into the ocean when I was five, and they no longer fit my almost eleven year old body. "Why are you crying?" I asked. It was hard remembering the words the ground walkers used, pushing the sounds out of my throat. He glanced up at me, fisting the tears off of his cheeks, " 'm not crying." "You smell of salt, and not of the ocean. What's the matter?" I asked. "My momma died." he said, devastation painting his face. "Oh, so did mine." I reached out a hand to him, holding his firmly in my grasp as I sat down next to him and stared out into the ocean. Late Fall, 1999. "How come you never have any clothes? You're always wrapped up in that ratty old fur." the boy asked. Clothes, I remembered them being called that from before. It was one of my trips to land. Kwala said I needed to remember my feet, but that didn't make sense since they were always just below my ankles. This was becoming my favorite place to walk on ground that we had found yet. Kwala said it was sacred to the clan. "It's all I have from my mother." I answered, hitching up the skin yet again. "I could leave some clothes in that hollow tree, that way you don't feel so uncomfortable." the boy said as he pointed out the tree. "Alright." I said. Guess my discomfort wasn't as hidden as I thought. Early Spring, 2000. He was crying again when I found him against the tree. "What now?" I asked softly. "My sisters said it was my fault our mother died." he said, his toe digging a hole in the sand. "Do you believe them?" I asked. "My dad says it's not. That she got hit by a drunk driver." he said, the hole getting a little bigger as he dug a little harder. "Who tells you the truth more? Your dad or your sisters?" I asked. "My dad. He's never lied to me before." he said. "Then why would he be lying now?" I asked. "I guess he wouldn't." he said, finally looking up at me. I held my hand out to him and pulled him up when he placed his hand in mine. Summer 2000. I was holding his hand as we watched the sun set. He squeezed it once before asking, "You gonna always come back on this date?" I looked at him, his tears building, but not being shed, "As long as you need me." Early Summer, 2001. The boy wasn't on the beach, but he had shown me where his house was, so I ran there and pounded on the door of the little red house. "Oh, it's you." the girl who looked like the other girl opened the door and said. "I'll go get him." The boy came to the door and I couldn't stop myself from squealing, "Kwala said we could stay for the whole summer!" He grabbed my hand and we ran all the way to the beach, laughter trailing behind us. Fall, 2002. "I don't know what to do about them! They get into my stuff, they steal my candy and break my toys. They're just plain mean!" the boy said. "Have you tried throwing slimy things at them to get them to go away?" I asked. "No." he said, a smirk growing on his face. "How did you know that would work?" he asked the next time I saw him. "Shipa threw fish guts at me when I first joined the family. He used to do it all the time to his older sister and she would scream and swim away from him. Shipa thought I would react the same way. He was bummed when I didn't." "Who's Shipa?" he asked. "My brother." I answered. Spring 2003 . "Wanna learn to surf?" he asked. "I don't have a board." I said staring longingly at the waves crashing onto the shore. "I got a board for my birthday. We can share." His sunny smile was brighter than the sun "Okay." I said grinning back at him. Spring, 2004. "I need you to keep this for me, Jake." I said holding out my mother's skin. Early in the year, I had finally grown my own so I no longer needed to use my mother's to transform. Keeping an extra skin on me while in the water was problematic at times, so I was going to give it to the land walker I trusted most. "Anything, Bells." he said as he took the skin. "You sure you can keep it safe for me? You can't let Rache or Becs get ahold of it." I narrowed my eyes, hoping he understood how precious this was to me. "They don't pay attention to me anyways, anymore. It's all about them going off to college in the Fall." he said. "I have the perfect hiding spot for this." Early Spring, 2006 I opened my ground walker eyes, closing them again almost instantly as the early morning light burned on my retinas. The spring storm had been brutal, separating Kwala and I from the rest of the clan. It was strong enough to burst me out of my skin after tossing me up on shore. Water lapped at my toes, tickling them as I flipped over, spotting something I never wanted to see. Kwala was beached. "No, nononono, this can't be happening." I mumbled before scrambling over to where she was laying. Feeling the dryness of her skin, I knew that if she didn't get back in the water soon, she wouldn't make it. Looking around frantically, I recognized where we were. "Kwala I'm going to go get help. I'll be back soon." Running over to the hollow tree, I grabbed the clothes Jake had hidden there for me and dressed quickly. Folding my skin tightly, I tucked it into the pocket before I took off for Jake's house. Relief flooded through me as I ran up to the little red house. Pounding on the door, I heard the squeak of rubber wheels against the hard wood floors. The door opened, and I saw a man who looked like an older version of Jake sitting in a chair with wheels on it. "Jake?" I managed to gasp out. "Round back in the garage." he said, curiosity tinging his tone. I took off around the house, hearing the music blaring from an old stereo as I got closer to the garage. Bursting through the door, my eyes searched frantically for the russet skin and black eyes of my friend. Finding him, I had to look up a whole lot further than I had the last time I had seen him. His deep eyes bore into mine, and for a moment, I forgot why I was trying to find him. "Jake." I said, still breathing heavily. "Kwala's hurt, I need help." "Jake? There's a hot girl in here, and she's calling your name. Am I hallucinating?" one of the other boys asked. He was shorter than both of the other boys, but wider. "Jake?" I asked again. "I need your help. Kwala's dying!" A leaner built boy elbowed Jake sharply, knocking Jake out of whatever funk he was in. I grabbed Jake's hand and tried pulling him towards the beach, "Come on, Jake." "Embry, get Sue. Bells, where's Kwala?" he asked. "Second Beach. Come on, come on , come on! " I kept tugging at his arm, which was so much warmer than I remembered it being, but he wasn't budging. "Em, we'll see you there? Quil, you coming with?" Jake asked as he finally started heading towards the door. "Yeah, I'm right behind you." Quill, the