September 9, 2020 "Do you really have to leave again?" Hermione asked, feeling rather annoyed that Ron was once again going away on another mission. He'd been going on them a lot lately, which, she knew wasn't his fault, but it was still frustrating. She wanted to spend time with her husband; she didn't want to stay in their house by herself. Ron looked at her, smiling slightly. "I know," he said. "I can't help it, though. There's been a lot of activity around lately. A lot of raids, and a lot of deaths." He noticed Hermione's expression. "I'm sorry!" Hermione shook her head. "Don't be," she said, approaching him by the fireplace, where he'd leave from. "I'm just going to miss you, that's all. I know it's your job… it's just… annoying, that's all. This house gets rather lonely when you go away, and the kids are at Hogwarts…." Ron raised an eyebrow, setting the small suitcase on the ground so he could pull her towards him. "I thought you'd love the peace and quiet," he teased. "You can do whatever you like, when you like… I thought it'd be a dream come true." "For one or two days, maybe, but not… how long?" "Should only be a few days this time," Ron assured her, placing a kiss to the top of her head. "I'll be back before you know it. And then I promise I'll be here for at least a month." This time he kissed her lips. "Where're you going anyway?" Hermione then asked, looking up at him with curious eyes. Ron had stopped telling Hermione where he was going years ago, and she had stopped asking. They'd come to a mutual understanding that he had his job, and she had hers. "Wales this time," he told her. "Some tiny village, predominantly magical. There's apparently been a little bit of strange activity there as of late, so we're just going to check it out." Hermione nodded. "Fine, well, you better go, then, or you'll be late." She stretched to kiss him. "Just be careful, okay? I'd like you home in one piece." Ron smirked, moving towards the fireplace with his suitcase in his hand again. "I always am," he said. "Have a little faith, Hermione." "I do!" "Then stop telling me to be careful every time I go. I haven't gotten anything more than a Stunning jinx thrown at me in twenty years or so. I'm rather capable of looking after myself." Hermione shook her head, rolling her eyes. "I know that, Ron, it's just… something feels different this time." Ron frowned. "Like what?" he asked. She shrugged. "I don't know, it just does. Just… be careful, okay. That's all I ask." Ron leaned forward to kiss her one more time before stepping into the fireplace. He nodded. "I promise – as usual – that I'll be careful," he promised her. "I love you." She smiled at him. "Love you too," she said. "And don't forget to write to tell me you've arrived safely." "Yes, Mum." "Ron! I'm serious. You never do, and I have to hear from Ginny – who hears from Harry that you're alive and well. Just write for once, will you?" "I write to the kids." Hermione gave him a pointed look. "Okay, okay, I'll write, I promise. I've got to go now, okay? I'll see you in a few days." And without another word, Ron had vanished in the fireplace, leaving Hermione standing by herself in the living room. When he was gone and the dust had settled, she sighed. As much as she loved Ron, sometimes she hated that he was an Auror. He never seemed to take the danger his job brought seriously. Yes, he had been one for twenty years or so and come out unscathed, but it didn't mean that would be the case every time. He'd hardly talk about what he experienced when on missions, but she heard the rumours around the Ministry, and it frightened her. She didn't want anything to happen to him. She just wished he'd take it more seriously. That was all she asked. Sighing again, she made her way to the stairs. Now it was her turn to get ready for work, which she didn't mind. Work distracted her from Ron's work, and it was days like this where she needed it. She'd no doubt hear that the mission was a success later that evening, but until then, she hated it. OOO The room Ron was staying in was by far the worst place he had ever laid eyes on. It was situated above an old, creepy-looking pub in the village he'd been sent to. It was swarming with rats and other creatures he didn't even want to name; the bed was small and old, and rather uncomfortable, and he had nowhere to move. It was times like these where he wished he really didn't have to leave home. As much as he loved his job, it would have been much simpler to do day trips – Apparate or Floo to wherever it was he needed to go, and then come home the same day that evening. But they needed to stay a few days afterwards just in case. There had been more than one occasion where they had thought things were fine and then something else would happen. Their job was to catch any Dark wizards, and also protect the innocent. They couldn't afford for anyone to get hurt because they were too lazy to monitory the settlement afterwards. "Hey!" Harry appeared in the doorway, smiling slightly. "Nice place, right?" "Define nice," Ron grumbled, chucking the suitcase onto the floor. "Can't even see out the bloody window!" He walked over to the tiny square in the wall. It was murky from years of being untouched. Bugs crawled around the outside, mould grew on the inside. He suspected that if he could see out of it, it'd give him a few of the main road, but he wasn't completely sure. "Lucky it's only a few days this time," Harry said, inviting himself into Ron's room. "Have you checked out the bathroom yet?" Bracing himself, Ron moved to another door inside the room. It was dark when he opened it, and upon trying to switch on the light, it didn't brighten. " Lumos ," he said, irritated. Using his wand light to navigate the tiny box of a bathroom, he swore twice more before closing the door again. "If worse comes to worse, I'll just Apparate home for twenty minutes for a quick shower," he said. Harry smirked. "That sounds like a plan," he said. "I'm not showering in there." "Kinglsey could have at least given us somewhere decent!" Harry pointed out the window they couldn't even see from. "Have a look around; it's not like we were given much of a choice!" Ron nodded, realising that was true. This village had a population of about five hundred. He supposed tourism wasn't all that high on their cards. "Alright, well, we better go. Find out what we're doing and all…." Harry nodded. "This way," he said, pointing to the right of the door. "That's what I actually came to get you for. Kingsley wants us there in five minutes." "To do what?" "Work out a plan. There's lots of civilians here – Muggle and magical. We've got to be careful." Ron frowned. "But…." "Yeah, I know, we do it every time, but being a simple mission, Kingsley's brought some of the new trainees with him, so we've got to go over it with them first. You know what happened with the last lot and he didn't." Last time Kingsley had assumed every person possessed common sense and not bothered with the procedure, two of the trainees had wound up in St. Mungo's – one was still there. Ron wasn't sure what went through people's minds, but he couldn't understand how one could think that as an Auror, they were invincible, and then go hell-for-leather into a Battle without a wand. They were lucky they weren't killed. With a heavy sigh, Ron closed the door to his personal hell, and they made their way through the narrow hall, and down into the village square. There were two other Aurors waiting there already – one was Dean, the other Kingsley. "Hey, Dean… Kingsley," Ron said. "How's things?" Dean looked like death, but who could blame him? Dean had two children a bit younger than Rose and Hugo, but then his wife – a Muggle Ron couldn't remember the name of – had just had their third child two months ago. It didn't appear as if the new baby was much of a sleeper. But, despite himself, Dean nodded. "I'm good, I'm good," he said. "Just exhausted." "You don't say," Ron mumbled. "How's little Maggie anyway?" Harry questioned. Dean nodded again. "She's got a set of lungs on her, that's for sure," he told them. "Thank God the other two are at Hogwarts. Not sure how they would've coped with all her crying." "Well, that's what babies do," Ron said. "Rosie was a screamer." Harry snorted, but didn't say anything. Two other Aurors had now arrived, and Ron didn't recognise them. They must have been the trainees. They looked fresh out of Hogwarts. "Now, all that's left is Hope." "Hope?" Ron questioned. "He'll be leading the mission," Harry explained. "Bloke will get us all killed," Ron said. He looked at Kingsley questionably, but the Minister pointedly ignored him. Cygnus Hope was one of those idiots who lacked any common sense. He was more likely to Stun himself than any enemy on a mission, and Ron couldn't for the life of him work out why Kingsley had appointed him as the mission leader. He'd probably end up blowing up the village before they could capture anyone. "Hope has been with us for twenty-five years," Kingsley then explained. "It's his first mission as the Head Auror, so try not to intimidate him too much." At those words, he looked to Ron. "Well, that's all and good," Dean interrupted, "But… he's got to be here to lead, doesn't he?" Even as Dean said the words, a pop from Ron's right caused him to jump. He scowled as Hope brushed himself down and joined them a moment later, acting as if nothing was amiss. The instructions had specifically said to arrive via the Floo Network in that run-down pub they were staying at. The owner was a Squib and wouldn't be deterred by someone walking out of a fireplace. "What the bloody hell do you think you're doing?" he demanded. "Apparating in the middle of the place for everyone to see!" "Weasley!" Kingsley's voice was deep, his expression a warning. Ron immediately silenced, but it didn't stop him from glaring at the man that was supposed to be leading this mission. Maybe Hermione was right; maybe he wasn't going to make it home this time. Cygnus Hope simply looked at him, an expression of innocence on his face. "What have I missed?" he asked. "Hope, these are your Aurors for today," Kingsley explained, waving a hand at everyone. "You know Potter, Weasley and Thomas of course, but here are Hickles and Swan. Two of our newest recruits." Hope gave them each a curt nod, acting the superior to them both. Ron rolled his eyes. "So, how this will work –" "Minister, we know the rules," Hope interrupted. "We go in, we attack only when we have the enemy cornered. We know." Kingsley's dark eyes narrowed at the interruption. "And?" he questioned. Hope blinked. "Sorry?" "What else?" "No attacking when there are others around," Dean said, winking at both Harry and Ron. Kingsley nodded. "We don't want any casualties." Hope waved them off, turning to face the two trainees. "You got that, Hicks and Goose?" The two trainee Aurors – a young woman of about twenty and a boy no older