(Had this in mind ever since I let my imagination go free back in February. 'This is War' belongs to Thirty Seconds to Mars. Onwards.) June 5th 2005 It seemed as if Apollo was in a particularly bad mood, as the sun was ever so dim. As if the world needed another temperamental god, especially at this point in time. There were sudden and seemingly random storms popping up from Chicago to New York, and hurricanes from Australia to Florida. Camp Half Blood was seemingly unaffected by this as they continued their activities as normal. The only weather Dionysus allowed in was the nice, strong, salty ocean breeze, an aftereffect of all the typhoons. Why would they worry? They had dealt with temperamental gods before; after all they were essentially their kids. The force field emitted by Thalia's pine blocked any unwanted weather. For all they knew, nothing would seem out of place. Few were suspicious of what was going on in the mortal world. One was the ever curious Cabin 6 counselor, Annabeth Chase. The 12 year-old had been waiting a long time for a quest and noticed things others hadn't. Such as when the satyrs started a group chat, they'd go to a secluded spot, and if they ever caught Annabeth eavesdropping they stopped before she could fully pick up on the information. And the fact that Chiron refused to elaborate on the topic was another blow to her. Her father figure had never kept a secret in the 5 years he'd known her. She hadn't asked Grover as he just awakened from unconsciousness, after protecting his most recent charge. The latest gossip in camp was the unclaimed, knocked-out, and seemingly powerful demigod. The one who had bare handed, without training, defeated the Minotaur. Annabeth was slightly envious of him, she'd been hacking at training dummies for half a decade just for a chance to visit the mortal world again, and this upstart just killed the famed son of Pasiphaë. Her thoughts strayed as far as thinking that he was the one . Which in itself was highly unlikely, and she always thought that a new camper could maybe, just maybe be the one to help her enter the mortal world for the first time since Thalia's death. She had just finished teaching Ancient Greek to Castor and Pollux, archery training under Lee Fletcher and Will Solace, and sword teaching led by her secret crush, Luke Castellan. She talked animatedly with her siblings as they walked single file to the mess hall. It had been an exhausting morning and she and the rest of the camp were ready for a bit of relaxation in the form of fraternizing with their cabin mates. But she never had the chance. Just as everyone had sacrificed to their respected parent and sat down, ready to dig in, something appeared in the middle of all the tables. The white sunlight retracted to form a rainbow, and an ocean breeze met it and what looked like an Iris message appeared. As soon as it did the 12 Olympians and Iris herself suddenly appeared, as if alerted by the existence of a message seemingly no one created. Every camper kneeled to both Zeus and their godly parent, before returning to their tables. "I came to you, my lord, when I felt an unauthorized message appear," Iris spoke to Zeus, "It looks like someone may want us watching something, as it is one-sided." As Zeus was about to speak back to the rainbow goddess, the Iris-message, more like video, started playing. Every god sat next to their children, or in Zeus, Poseidon, and Hera's case, by themselves. Iris was invited by Chiron to sit at the head table, the table of the twelfth Olympian, Dionysus. Artemis sat with her hunters, who were taking a short rest at camp, before going off to hunt the elusive Echidna. The screen was still black, but subtitles could be seen as the feminine voice started speaking. ' During the war council last winter solstice, the fates appeared to the gods.' There were murmurs of 'liar' from the demigods who took a trip there 6 months before, and of course the gods, but the voice continued as if it had been expecting this. ' I understand if you don't believe me or if you think this is some sick prank concocted by Hermes and Apollo, but I assure you it isn't.' The confused look on the god of prophecies face mirrored that of the master thief's, betraying that they indeed knew naught of what was happening. ' This plot is in fact much more sinister. They had appeared with children, hailing from the year 2010.' An image showed an Olympian argument, one they remembered from 2000, about the death of Thalia, being interrupted by the Fates and a dozen or so demigods arriving in an omniscient light. "I don't understand, this obviously happened, I remember it like it was just hours ago. But I have no memory of the Fates or our children appearing," it was obvious Zeus was perplexed, but if you knew him well enough you could see the veiled sadness in his eyes. He had to be the leader for he was king, always strong for the good of the gods, that argument was the only way for him to vent the pain caused by the death of his daughter, his innocent, innocent daughter. Every god there lowered their heads for a moment of silence, while their children just looked at them confused. ' If this is proof enough for you, I still have more to say.' Everybody straightened, while the gods looked up from their stupor. ' They brought with them books, describing events from late May, 2005 until August, 2010. For some reason, the memory of all the gods at the council forgot about the reading of the 11 books...except me. If you are currently watching this, then the fates have allowed me to send this message back in time. Meaning, either nobody was supposed to forget what happened, or the fates slipped up.' 'Whoever this person is, they have guts for insulting my patrons,' the god of prophecies thought. ' I thought about letting you see into the conversation, but you don't remember it for a reason, and it'd be too complicated. Instead you will be watching the events as normal.' Most campers cheered at the idea of not watching people they probably hadn't even met read. They wanted some action, give 'em a break. ' Stay in line. Every event must happen accordingly or else the future could be much bleak er .' The cheering stopped abruptly- everybody already fearing the worst. ' So keep in line. I know everything about all you gods. How Apollo wishes people would see him as mor e than a pretty boy. He's the most powerful son of Zeus, and you seem to forget he has a rather cruel side. Everybody looked at the god of the sun who was looking straight down. When he finally looked up, his eyes were the shade of dark cobalt. "What are you looking at," he practically snarled, and everybody who wasn't shell shocked looked away. It looks like they found out why the sun was so dim this morning. Apollo himself was plagued by two words. Halcyon Green. ' How, after all the se years since the Olympian riot, Poseidon still wishes to rule the gods." Heads snapped to look at the sea god so quickly you would've thought they'd have gotten whiplash. He looked slowly to the side and looked at Zeus, stone-faced, and when the king came out of his shock and was about to speak, Poseidon's eyes darkened to a point dangerously close to black. "Not a word of the theft," he uttered, the entire camp hanging on his words. 'With that in mind, let's behave, shall we? Oh, and please invite Hades and Hestia. If you speak at any time during the video, it will stop and continue when you're done talking. Almost forgot, some people will be coming from the future, don't ask them too many questions, as it would ruin the story. More people may or may not appear as the story progresses. Thank You -Hera.' The council's eyes lingered on the calm goddesses face for quite a while, before she cleared her throat and Hermes went to fetch the 2 eldest gods. When he came back with the two of them, people arrived in a glow of light, though not as luminous or knowledgeable as the one in the video. 9 people appeared. Luke, Annabeth, and Zeus only focused on one, as most of the camp did, drinking in the sight of someone they knew of, but never knew. It was an unspoken agreement that Thalia Grace should be introduced first. She walked forward, saying, "For those of you who don't me, my name is Thalia, and I'm not supposed to tell you my godly parent, but you probably already know. I'm From December 21st 2007, during the 3rd book." "B-but I turned you into a tree. How are you here in the flesh, are you an illusion?!" Zeus demanded, but you could tell he was disheartened by the fact it might not really be Thalia. "A good friend of mine brought me back. I think these series are settled around him." "When did you come back," Annabeth begged. "Sorry kiddo, already revealed too much," Thalia went back in the line with the others. A rather skinny and malnourished boy stepped forward, "Nico Di Angelo, from June 26th 2010, during the 8th book." Hades looked almost worried as he stared at the boy. A blonde boy went up and spoke "Jason, from January 7th 2010, during the 6th book." Zeus raised an eyebrow, while Thalia stared at him as if he was from Jupiter. He was from Jupiter, just not the planet. Camp Jupiter. A beautiful Cherokee girl stepped forward to a few wolf-whistles, and by the glare she gave the immature guys, it was obvious she was not to be messed with. "Piper McLean, same day as Jason," her voice commanded authority, even the gods were having a hard time not obeying her or paying attention. A short, messy, and greasy Latino leprechaun stepped forward, amidst laughs at the craziness you could see in his eyes. "I'm not supposed to say my father like the lovely Thalia said, but I don't care! I'm from the same day as Beauty Queen and Sparky, Leo Valdez, son of Hephaestus. You're lookin' at the Supreme Commander, Designer, and Builder of the Argo 2." He looked around trying to be intimidating and said "How dare you not bow to me and kiss thy feet!" Leo looked hilarious with his ruffled hair and wild eyes, that it wasn't a surprise practically everyone started laughing. Even Hades cracked a smirk, while Hephaestus smiled at his son. The part of the hunt that could form coherent words kept quiet, not wanting to start a conflict with someone who was obviously well-liked. They already didn't have a good reputation at camp they didn't to look like even bigger jerks. Hermes, and Apollo, shortly followed by the Stolls decide to humour him, "Oh great one," the said dramatically, bowing down and kissing thy ground in front of him. "Please forgive us, for we were ignorant, believing Zeus was the ruler of all, when all this time, it's been thou," they said it in perfect harmony, as if it had been rehearsed. Zeus watched on the sidelines, amused for the first time since the theft. Another girl walked forward, obviously a daughter of Athena. "Annabeth Chase. June 26th 2008, during the 4th book," she said with bloodshot eyes, as young Annabeth looked perplexed and slightly scared at what could have happened to her future self to look like this. Two people walked forward, looking at everything in awe as if it was