a/n: hi! another oneshot :):) so, this one was inspired by attica's Last Kiss. i mean, when i finished reading it, i was just moved ? idk and well, this idea came to me. i dedicate this to mj (ifyoureadthispleaseknowthatiloveyousomuch) and to my twin, gela (thanksfortheencouragementiloveyou)! Disclaimer: Harry Potter is JKR's, not mine. He woke up to an empty bed and a bundle of cold sheets. Reaching out, his hand confirmed his thoughts. Not a trace of warmth on it, the right side of the bed was empty. Her side of the bed was empty. Draco turned his head to the left and looked at the small clock she insisted be placed on their bedside table. 3:23 in the morning, it read. He decided that he should be sleeping but thought better of it. Besides, barely anyone gets much sleep these days. They're all scared to close their eyes for fear of never opening them again. It was still bloody early—very much so—and normal people wouldn't have thought to get up in the wee hours of the day. Normal people would even want to sleep in. It's a Sunday, after all. No work, no school. A designated rest day for everyone. Right? Not bloody likely. He snorted. Since when have they been just "normal" people? He heaved a sigh and sat up. He might as well find out where Granger ran off to, now that he's awake. So, standing up, he made his way toward the door, opened it, and peeked outside. Darkness. Not a single soul in sight. No one's mad enough to get up at this time, after all. He slowly went down the dark halls, seeing a ray of light escaping from the small crack in the door leading to the kitchens. It was open wide enough for him to be able to peek in on the occupants of the room. And peek in, he did. It was Potter and Granger. They were settled in a small conjured table at the middle of the room, with scattered parchments and stacks of books on it. Potter and Granger are seated across each other, heads slightly down in what seemed to be a heated discussion. Their voices floated all over the space, vacant except for them—and Draco, of course. He could hear the serious tones of their dialogue and, with a quick look inside, realized that they had been talking about the raid that's about to happen in a few hours. A few Order members including himself will be going on a mission. They were tipped off that there are fugitives and other civilians far up north and they were to help get them to safety, all the while trying to find out what the Dark Lord's next move will be. Definitely not as easy as it sounds seeing as Death Eaters roamed every possible route in the country. It's a miracle, really, that they have managed to stay hidden this long. He stifled a sigh, aware that any kind of sound will immediately be heard by the other two. Draco didn't want to be accused of eavesdropping. No, that is certainly quite a juvenile act; one that is far below a Malfoy's proprieties. A Weasley's maybe, but definitely not a Malfoy's. He was merely . . . waiting for the right opportunity to announce his presence. Yes, that's it. It's not his fault they were talking too loud that he can't help hearing them. Right. "Harry." The pained sound of Granger's voice drew him out of his musings. Draco carefully inched closer to the door to hear better. "Harry, I can't do it anymore." She looked close to tears. That didn't dwell nicely in his gut. "Hermione? Are you okay?" Potter asked with a hint of worry. "What are you talking about?" Her voice is thick with emotion, and she has her back toward him, but Draco can see that her body is wracked with trembles and violent shudders. He frowned. What was happening? "Harry. It's Draco. He . . . I can't lose him, Harry. I won't be able to take it." She's crying freely now, he can tell by the way her sniffles interrupted her sentence in broken intervals. "There is a war going on, and I know people die in it all the time; it's practically inevitable." Her sobs are getting louder now and it's like someone gutted him. He hated tears, hated it because it's a sign of weakness. It is something enemies will use against you to gain the upper hand, to destroy . Malfoys and weakness just don't fit. It had been drilled into his head ever since he was old enough to talk. But what he hates even more is when the tears are hers. Because that would mean she's not as strong as she lets on. And he knows she's not, he knows her well enough—she trusted him enough to let her guard down—so he knows that behind that Gryffindor bravado is a scared girl who was forced to grow up too soon. But for her to let someone else see her in such a state? This, whatever it is that's on her mind, must be wrecking her inside. And it's him . She's crying and sobbing and worrying and hurtinghurtinghurting for him. A wave of nausea so strong rolled over him that he had to put a hand on the wall in front of him to keep his body steady. "But," she continued, despite her hiccups and heavy inhales, "My parents are gone. Harry, they're gone! I have no family left. And I know I have you, and yes I have Ron, too, but it's just not the same. But then he came and I just . . . It's him, Harry. He's it for me." A stunned silence reverberated in the room following her confession. For what felt like eons later, a light shuffling can be heard inside. Potter might have moved beside her, it seems like something he would do as he was not comfortable in emotional encounters like this. He might have taken Granger and enveloped him in an undoubtedly awkward hug, hesitantly combing through her curls in what must be a soothing manner. Potter might have held her, rocking her side to side, shushing her whimpers, not having the faintest clue on what to do or say next. Draco would have snorted if he wasn't baffled by how much her words severely affected him. They bounced in the crevices of his chest and echoed all over the corners of his mind. Her words sparked his blood and thawed on his iced veins. "Hermione," Potter began tentatively, "What do you want to do about it, then?" For a while, Granger said nothing. He was almost positive that it would be the end of their conversation when she spoke. "I want him to be safe. Far away from here. Somewhere no one will know who he is, somewhere no one will know what role he played or how he is connected to everything. Somewhere he is, and will remain, unknown. Like . . . like my parents." Draco froze. No. Distantly, he heard the loud screeching of a chair being scraped back and Potter's aghast "Hermione, you can't!" but he can't focus on anything. Shock and betrayal coursed through him, burning and painful and it hurtshurtshurts and he needs to get out of here but his lungs felt shriveled up and every breath is painful and it's like someone diffindo 'd his head and goddammit everything is red and black at the same time and just . . . f u c k . He can't believe she would do that. Can't believe she would even think to do that. Because godfuckingdamnit he didn't need her protection. He wants to be involved, he wants to act, he wants—needs—to do something! "You can't do that to him, Hermione! I may not know him beyond his sneers and arrogance but I know that he wouldn't take this lightly. Hell, I don't think he would even consider it! Hermione, you can't decide this matter by yourself because it will affect him, too. You're the one who's constantly pushing and fighting for fairness and justice, but don't you think he has the right to control his own life?" Her body was rigid and full of tension but still, she pushed on. "No, Harry, listen to me!" There was a hint of panic and desperation colouring her voice now. "He has been marked a traitor by the other side! There's a sodding price on his head, and I don't doubt that they want his blood spilled all over their precious Pureblood feet! And—and I can't let that happen, alright?" "But, Hermione—" Granger's voice was shrill when she cut him off. "Especially now . Some Death Eaters from the last raid saw how he took the curse aimed for me! They probably put two and two together. Can't you see, Harry? Draco's in danger enough already, but with him involved with Harry Potter's Mudblood best friend? I don't imagine they'll take it with open arms." His brain is muddled and there was a chasm in his chest right then, eating his organs away one by one, draining his blood and slurping at his veins. A whirlwind of mammoths are stomping and trudging and pounding in his stomach, and Draco wondered if the Cruciatus hurt less. Maybe it does, maybe this pain is equivalent to a thousand fucking Cruciatus centered in his t— She wants to Obliviate him? Really? For what reason? She thinks she can fucking protect him from the horrors and repercussions of the war? It is a fucking war! People die in it, people die fighting for it, people die fighting against it. Even the innocents pay for soldiers' sins! And he's not exactly innocent, is he? He won't be exempted in it all, and not even his fucking last name would save him from it. Hell, his last name is the reason he's deeply involved in this shite! Who the fuck does she think she is to decide these matters for him? Fucking Granger. Fucking omniscient-wanna be, annoying little swot who keeps on poking her goddamn nose into his fucking life. He lo— cares for her, yes, but this is taking it too far. ". . . can't lose him, Harry." Enough. He can't stand this anymore. It's all bloody ridiculous. Draco harshly slapped his palm at the door of the kitchens, barging inside with a blank expression. The two of them jumped up in surprise. Potter didn't look at him, but Granger did. Her hair is even wilder than usual, full of tangles and knots, her nose is red and runny, and her eyes are swollen. He kept his face neutral, but he knows she can see how hard he's clenching his jaw, or the slight crease in his brows. He didn't spare the other man a glance and chose to direct his gaze on the witch instead. Potter, thank Merlin, noticed the tension and must have guessed what's going on so he stood up and collected the rolls of parchments and books. "Think about what I said, 'Mione. Good night." He walked over and placed a kiss on her forehead. And, with a terse nod in his direction, Potter turned and left. A suffocating silence blanketed the room once more. He didn't have to tell her that he heard everything. She already knows. "Draco, look, I—" Granger started. "Shut up." His voice is chilled and she looked just the slightest bit hurt by his tone. But guess what? He didn't give a fuck. "Since when did you get to have the authority to decide things for me?" "I—" "So that's it, then? You're planning on erasing my memories to send me to Merlin knows where? Under a false identity?" He's pacing, and he was losing his composure fast but he doesn't fucking care because he needs to get