Note: You don't have to read or re-read The Hard Way to Learn a Lesson to understand this story. I will put a brief summary of what happened in THWTLAL below. Author's note to readers old and new: Hi! I know I said I would never do a sequel to THWATLAL seven (!) years ago but… well, never say never. I have been thinking about that fic a lot recently and now that I'm old, cynical and married myself, I'm not so sure that THWTLAL would have been the end of the line for these guys. No one has a baby at 17/18 without there being more to the story afterwards. So, since I'm having awful writer's block with my original writing, I thought I'd have a dabble and I found that THWTLAL Bella and Edward still have a lot to say and an intriguing story to tell. I'm not sure if anyone's still reading Twilight fanfics but way back when I wrote these stories at the tender age of 15/16, writing was my life. I want to get back in that mind frame and fall in love with writing again so I'm posting it here, hoping to get that spark back. I hope that you like it and if there's anyone still out there in the Twific void, please say hi. I really hope life's treating you all well after all this time and I'd love to hear from you. Also, I promise this will be the only long A/N. Nothing embarrasses me more than reading back my old A/Ns! -Steph xo EDIT 16/01/17 - Sorry to break my promise already about the A/Ns but I need to add a quick note of reassurance. I only write happily ever afters! I cannot stress this enough. If it's not your cup of tea, that's fine but please know that there is, as usual, more to the story than meets the eye. Summary of The Hard Way To Learn A Lesson and subsequent outtakes: In their penultimate year of high school (Junior year), good girl Bella and bad boy Edward were paired in a Psychology project. During this project they had to pretend to be married by living together and enduring life as a 'married' couple. In these few weeks, Bella and Edward overcame their mutual hatred for each other and eventually fell in love. Shortly after the project ended, Bella fell pregnant with Edward's child. They decided to keep the baby and the original story ended with Bella going into labour aged 18. In outtakes set after the story, we discover that Bella gave birth to a boy, Ethan. Another outtake set 3 years after Ethan's birth showed that Bella and Edward had gotten married and Edward had joined Forks police force with Charlie after graduation to provide for his family while Bella studied a college degree from home. This is when Bella fell pregnant with their second child (although it turns out they are expecting twins) and they lived happily ever after – until now. This story is set 9 years after The Hard Way to Learn a Lesson and 6 years after the most recent outtake. Enjoy! XO Chapter 1 Edward POV When I reach our front door, I pause and take a deep breath. I'm exhausted, having worked a double shift today, including the drawn-out process of cordoning off the scene of a gruesome road traffic accident. But I don't want the kids to see the fatigue written all over my face so I take a moment to force a smile that seems somewhat genuine before putting in my key and unlocking the door. As soon as I close the door behind me and hang up my hat and jacket, I can hear the pitter patter of frantic feet running through the kitchen to meet me. "Daddy, Daddy!" Sophie's excitable shriek reaches me before she does but it's only seconds later that her little body comes careering round the corner and crashing into me. She hugs my legs tightly as she talks at a million miles a minute. "We're trying on clothes to wear tomorrow, do you like this one, Daddy, do you? It's such a pretty t-shirt and it's pink and it sparkles ! Gosh, Daddy, I love glitter!" I grin despite myself. "Slow down, Soph, let me look at you." She proudly steps back and shows off her outfit. She's wearing jeans and a pink top emblazoned with Frozen characters and covered in pink glitter. This would be fine were it not for the equally glittery tutu she wears over the top, the jewelled tiara on her head and the fairy wand glowing in her hand. "I think," I say, kicking my shoes off, "that maybe the outfit would look better without the tutu?" She scowls at me, her pale green eyes screwing up in fury as she sticks her chin out. "No, I like the tutu." "It's lovely, darling, but maybe a bit much for your very first day of kindergarten. Why don't we save the tutu for your birthday party?" Sophie ponders my suggestion before nodding slowly. "Yes, maybe. I do have to look the prettiest at my party because I'll be the birthday girl." At that, she turns to head back to the living room. "It's Freddie's party too!" I call after her but my whirlwind of a daughter has already disappeared in a cloud of glitter. Her dark hair, beautiful smile and cute button nose may prove that she's Bella's daughter but, by God, the two are nothing alike. I sigh as this thought assaults me and causes my heart to pang painfully in my chest. I push my wife's image out of my mind and venture through to the living room after Sophie. The living room looks as though Sophie's entire wardrobe has exploded in it and I groan internally. Alice sees me first, tearing her attention from Sophie's monologue about whether she prefers the pink Frozen top or the blue Frozen top. Freddie is perched on her lap sucking his thumb and looking like he's going to fall asleep at any second. It doesn't surprise me as he's always been the more docile twin. Alice smiles but doesn't speak and nudges Freddie on her knee. When Freddie looks up and sees me his dark, chocolate brown eyes light up and he reaches out to me with both arms. I go over and gather him up in my arms, taking a seat on the couch beside Alice. "You look exhausted," Alice murmurs. "I'm fine," I assure her. "Thank you so much." "For what?" she replies, surprised. "It's really no trouble, Edward. You know I love helping out." "I know, I know, but it was such late notice and I know you have your own kid to think about and I didn't mean to still be at the station that late and…" "Edward." I look up into my sister's pale blue eyes and feel myself instantly relax. "Yes, Alice?" "It's really fine. That's what aunts are for." She turns back to Sophie, reassuring her that all of her clothes are utterly gorgeous. "What are you wearing tomorrow, Fred?" I ask my youngest as he snuggles into my chest. "Maybe the pink tutu?" "Daddy!" he proclaims in disgust. "No way! I'm wearing my p'liceman t-shirt." "Okay." I had expected as much. A hand-me-down from Ethan, the policeman t-shirt was a child's cotton replica of my own uniform and it was the only item of clothing aside from pyjamas that Freddie would wear without a fight. Unfortunately, we only had the one policeman t-shirt so my littlest child often appeared mucky and smelly until we could sneak the t-shirt away for washing. "Time to tidy up, Soph," I tell my daughter. She looks as though she's about to start whining so I add, "It's already past your bedtime and you don't want to look tired on your first day of big school, do you?" She sighs heavily, ever the drama queen, and begins bundling her clothes together. I know I will be folding them properly later. "Will we have time for a story?" Freddie asks hopefully. I smile. "I think we'll have time for a quick one." Once I've herded the twins upstairs and their teeth have been cleaned, their faces scrubbed and their pyjamas donned, they bounce into their twin beds. Well, Sophie bounces and Freddie falls. "Daddy," Sophie says sweetly, "can we please have the princess story?" "Again?" "Yes, it's my favourite." "Well… okay but Freddie chooses tomorrow then." I go to the bookshelf and pull out the book that's different to all the others. The princess story was a project I gave myself shortly before the twins were born. It was a gift for Bella to show her how grateful I was to her for giving me the best family in the world and it told a child-friendly version of a story we knew only too well. "Once upon a time," I started reading from the self-published book, "there lived a princess named Isabella. She was the most beautiful princess in all the land and the most kind and patient princess who ever lived. She lived a happy life but a lonely one as she dreamed of the day she would meet her prince." Sophie sighed contentedly and snuggled down further into her bed. Freddie's eyes were already drooping and I wasn't sure if he'd even make it to the end of the story. Nonetheless, I continued reading. I told the story of Princess Isabella's testing time when she had to save the fairy kingdom from an evil troll. But of course when she met and grew to know the troll better she realised that he wasn't evil at all. The beautiful princess fell in love with the troll although everyone told her he was evil but when she finally professed her love and kissed the troll he turned into a handsome prince. Princess Isabella showed everyone that the troll was a good person and they were allowed to marry. And they lived happily ever after. When I turned the last page, the note at the back struck a chord inside me, bringing a lump to my throat. I closed the book without reading it out loud but I'd already seen it. And, besides, I knew it was there because I had written it. Thank you, Bella, for finding the prince hidden inside of the troll and giving me my happily ever after. I love you forever and always. With love from your troll, your Edward. She had smiled when she'd read it, holding a tiny Sophie in her arms, just hours old. "You silly bean," she'd said fondly. "You've always been a prince to me." I shake the memories from my head and look over at Sophie, tucked up in her bed. How have she and Freddie grown so fast from the tiny babies we once held to these proper little people? Sophie yawns and her eyes flutter closed. "I do like that story, Dad," she whispers. "I know you do, honey," I whisper back. I get up from the end of her bed and go to place a kiss on her forehead. I cross the room to Freddie's bed and, as I expected, he's already fast asleep. I pull the duvet up around his shoulders and kiss him softly as well before going to the door and flicking the light off. "Night, night, my little kindergarteners." I pick up their dirty pyjamas from the floor from the night before and carry them down the stairs, dropping them by the washing machine in the hall ready to go in with the next day's load. Then, I head back to the living room where Alice is sitting on the floor, folding up Sophie's ton of clothes. "Thanks, Alice. I can take it from here." I sit beside her and start folding, too. Alice nods but keeps folding silently, her jaw