AN: I've never done a purely Harry potter fic. I've always wanted to but I could never come up with a decent enough story line that wasn't already mass produced. Until now. I don't know how unique it is but I'd like to think it is a one of a kind for the time being. Hope ya like it. Chapter One. Minerva Mcgonagall disliked the Dursleys. That day she had observed them from afar, disguised as a cat, she learned for the first time how to utterly despise someone, to look down upon them for the savages that they are. And as she watched them, her disgust with them only grew. And when Dumbledore told her his plan to leave the boy-who-lived with these…people she had tried with all her might to convince him that this was not a wise decision. Harry would not survive these savages. She just knew it. But Dumbledore just smiled, his damn eyes twinkling as he said everything would work out fine in the end, and to trust him. There was something about the way he said those words that unnerved her, as if he was hiding some unknown hidden purpose… But she relented. As hesitant as she was to do so, she relented. And for the next ten years she waited anxiously until the day that she would see the boy again, if only to be assured that he'd at least been able to grow. And as she waited she built up this image in her head. She imagined meeting a malnourished, timid, broken soul of a boy desperate for any sort of positive attention. She had come up with all sorts of horror stories in her head, painting and drawing the Dursleys up to be vicious ugly monsters that she couldn't wait to pull Harry away from. That is why she demanded to go and retrieve the boy herself, when the letter that was sent to him went unanswered. She was going to get her answers and yes, even a bit of revenge for the boy by putting the Dursleys in their place. But when she appeared in a pop of apparation, she immediately noticed that something was up. The atmosphere was charged with energy. A lingering feeling hung in the air, singing to her magic and making her sense of paranoia go haywire. She spun in a constant circle, as she approached number four of Pivot Drive, trying to pinpoint the reason for the sudden attack of her own senses. "I wouldn't step right there if I were you." The sudden voice of the woman speaking with a slightly flat but clipped tone coming from behind her almost caused her to jump out of her skin. Spinning around she barely fought down the urge to draw her wand and faced the Dursleys. Petunia and Vernon stood before her. Or perhaps some other parody of the two stood before her. They were so very different looking than the last time he'd laid eyes on them. She couldn't believe what she was seeing. Vernon spoke before she could gather her thoughts. His voice was strong and full of amusement and a sort of resignation that had come from something he'd had to accept years ago. "That there's a trap," he began. "And a right bloody good one too. It'll string you up faster than you can draw that stick of yers and I guarantee you won't leave it unmarked." His arms were crossed over a broad chest, a far different image than the fat slob she'd seen years ago. Vernon was still a large man, this is true. Genetics itself seemed to constrain the man to a big body. However what used to be layers upon layers of fat and rolls had seemingly been transformed. She could see the muscle rippling beneath his skin, ready to be put to work in a moment. And over that was a thin layer of fat he'd probably never get rid of, but there was no denying at all that the man was in excellent…impeccable shape. His face, no longer round and swollen looking was actually quite fetching. Even with that funny looking mustache. And his eyes were bright and blue and full of life. He stood there, dressed in brown slacks and a dress shirt of an off white variety. Petunia likewise was stunning. What was once a long stick thin waif of a woman with a horse-like face and a long giraffe pencil neck was a tall slender woman of beauty and inhuman grace. She stood there, with more meat on her bones than she'd ever had before, a cascade of taught muscle accentuating her every curve. Thighs, hips and waist…all of it was there and the way she stood reminded Mcgonagall of a feline ready to leap into action at a moment's notice. Her eyes were alert, taking in every single minute detail of her surroundings and filing them away for action later. If she hadn't known what type of people these two were, she would have thought she was looking at a pair of warriors. What the hell was all this? Minerva's observations took less than five seconds before the words spoken by the Dursleys finally registered. Looking down to the area she had been about to step into, she saw nothing at first. She looked back up, a question on her lips but was once again stopped as she saw the pair kneeling in opposite sides of the yard. But before she could stutter in shock at the speed and silence at which the pair had moved, there was an audible twang in the air and the entire area in front of her spanning a surface of five feet shimmered to life with near invisible wire as it loosened and fell to the ground. And as the wire fell she felt a slight shock beneath her feet as something very obviously mechanical clicked and settled again. Vernon and Petunia Dursley rose almost at the same time and, pocketing what looked like a metal steak before seeming to dance across their yard, hopping twirling, ducking and bending as they moved, returning to their porch. They moved with experience and ease, as if they had grown accustomed to such movements. And looking closer, Minerva could finally see why. The whole yard was littered with trap trip wires. The Dursleys danced through, over and under them without even having to look at where they were. They weaved in and out of the web of danger like they'd been doing it their whole lives. And it was at this sudden moment that she understood just how these two had gotten into such wonderful shape. But even all of this did not explain the obvious magical charge in the air or the way the two exuded a beauty on par with many magical creatures. "So I suppose you're here for my nephew," began Petunia, an unreadable look on her face. "Well come on then. Move in a straight line for exactly three and a half steps, each two feet in length then step once directly right. Move up two more paces then come to the porch at a forty degree angle. I'll heat up some tea. I imagine we have quite a bit to discuss." And with that the Dursleys turned and entered their home, making sure to duck their heads under a trip wire as they did so. Minerva Mcgonagall followed the directions in a daze. Yeah there was definitely much to talk about. Tea with the Dursleys was a quiet affair. The witch and the two muggles sipped their drinks down at a calm moderate pace, each one coming up with and failing to produce the best ice breaker in their minds, until finally Vernon just went for it and snorted. "I'm surprised you didn't just teleport to the porch. Your lot can do that right?" There was a chuckle from the man from behind his cup. "Probably best you didn't though. Dud's traps are nothing to sneeze at and a right nightmare to get out of but also quite fun to see as well, eh dear?" Petunia sent a mild glare at her husband as her cheeks gained a slight dusting of pink. "Anyway," she said, totally cutting off her husband before he could say some other embarrassing thing. "Let's get down to business. Ask your questions then. I can tell you have quite a few." She gave a knowing smirk, one that really didn't fill Minerva with any good feelings. Oh yes she had questions! Like what the hell are trip wires doing all over the property? Why the bloody hell are they using them? Are they using this shit to imprison Harry!? All of these and more wanted to explode from her mouth all at once. But what came out was, "Why hasn't harry responded to our letter?" Her tone was accusatory and her eyes were glinting, as if daring them to say the wrong thing. They both were unaffected. Vernon actually snorted derisively while Petunia seemed to sigh in annoyance. At what, Minerva couldn't quite decipher. "Oh yes," began Harry's Aunt as she reached into her shirt, a lily white blouse with a moderately low cut that exposed just the barest hints of her chest and pulled out a battered looking off white envelope. "His…invitation letter right? Here it is." The thing was covered in dirt and…blood? The wax seal hadn't even been touched. Petunia slid the letter to Mcgonagall with a rather expert looking flick of the wrist and then linked her fingers together under her chin. It was the real deal. Here it was in her own handwriting, addressed to a mister Harry James Potter of number four Pivot Drive. Hogwarts School of witchcraft and Wizardry. She eyed the letter, taking in its battered state, the stains of blood and dirt and she felt her anger begin to rise. "What is this?" her words were quiet and deadly. They were a whisper on the wind, ready to explode in a fury of magic. If these...these…muggles dared to hurt-! "Calm yer tits, witch," said Vernon, protective hostility upon his voice as he stared Mcgonagall down. "We've done nothing to the boy." "Quite right," finished Petunia, her voice showing only the barest hint of the nervousness she felt at seeing the angry witch before her, past memories reminding her just what these people were capable of. But she pressed on. "Harry is a member of our family. Honestly I'm quite insulted actually that you would dare to assume we'd be capable of whatever imagined horrors you'd schemed up in that head of yours." "Then what is all of this!?" Her voice was just below the point of full on yelling as she rose to her feet and gestured with her hands. "What the bloody hell is going on around here then? Where is Harry?" "Upstairs I imagine." Vernon's response was immediate and uncaring. He shrugged, while running a hand through his short blonde hair. "Little beast's been up there all day." His tone was indulgent, affectionate and full of annoyed amusement and it was this alone that made Mcgonagall sit down in shock as she gaped. Who the bloody hell were these two? These were not the Dursleys! But her shock was quickly replaced by mounting frustration. "Mister and Missus Dursley This is not something to be so…uncaring about! This whole situation is…is…" "You wanted to know why Harry hasn't responded to that letter right?" Petunia's intervention was very well timed. Vernon wasn't helping at all and that annoyed her. But when she glared at him he simply shrugged and gave her a look. "You're the magic expert. Not me." Mgonagall stared hard at the muggle woman in front of her. "Sigh…yes. I suppose that is the most important question." She said, resigned and finally starting to relax a bit. "What happened to prevent Harry from responding? The letter itself has a