Disclaimer: The Hunger Games do not belong to me, I simply borrow the characters. Contains: smut and use of language To say Madge was surprised when Gale showed up at her house that Friday night was an understatement. She hadn't seen him in months, the college he went to was hours away and despite Madge having the money to travel to see him, neither of them had the time. He was always training and she was in her final year of high school. When the door opened she was most definitely expecting Delly, or maybe Peeta, but instead Gale stood there with a flower in his hand and that infuriatingly dorky smile he always had when she was around. "Surprise?" he murmured. Madge stood gaping for a moment before she flung herself at him trying to fight back her tears. Months. It had been months . The flower was forgotten as he wrapped his arms around her, breathing in the soft vanilla that meant Madge was near. " God , I missed you." "What are you doing here?" she croaked. Gale knew she was trying not to cry but he could see her eyes glistening anyway. His mouth curved slightly upward, and before she could speak again he pressed his lips to hers. Madge pushed herself on her toes and pulled him closer, tangling her hands in his thick hair. They parted breathlessly. "I thought you didn't have break until next month." "I don't." He kissed her again. "I asked for the weekend off." Training, he spent every second of every day, training. Gale was going to be shipped off to fight a war in some far away country and she already didn't see him enough. "I couldn't be here for our anniversary last week, this is the best I could do." Madge nuzzled against his chest and sighed. "I'm trying to get off for your prom too but I haven't heard back yet." She giggled. "Are you asking me to prom, Hawthorne?" He extracted the now crumpled flower and extended it. "What do you think I got this for?" Gale's smile stretched a bit as her cheeks turned pink. Madge accepted the daisy thoughtfully and studied it, definitely remembering how he asked her to his prom last year. He took her to a whole field of them for a picnic. "C'mon, Undersee, I don't have all day." He jerked his head and gestured to his truck parked in her driveway. "Come with me." Madge's eyes lit up. "Where?" "Just come ," Gale said. His fingers stretched for the hem of her shirt and she bit back a smile, trying her hardest not to meet his gaze. "You'll see, okay?" "It's getting late," she frowned. "Exactly. Grab a jacket." He leaned down and kissed her forehead before sauntering off to his truck. She followed quickly, hopping into the passenger seat with ease and smiling brightly at him. "Give me your phone." Madge furrowed her eyebrows but dug into her pocket, extracting the little thing. "I've already talked to your dad, he knows you're with me for the night." "Gale!" "What?" he grinned. "I've had this planned for weeks. Had to make sure you weren't busy." Gale held down the power button and both watched her phone go black. "Just you and me tonight. No distractions, okay? I don't need you playing Candy Crush on your phone." "Okay," she nodded. "But you know I wouldn't." Gale pulled out his own phone, a clunker with a cracked screen, and did the same, dropping the both of them in the cup holder. When he finished he started his truck and then reached over, grabbing Madge's hand with his and lacing their fingers. "I missed you," she whispered. "This. You showing up and whisking me away to God knows where." "Oh, you know where," he snickered. The drive to the lake seemed much shorter than usual. Gale and Madge made idle small talk about this or that. She asked about his training but he couldn't tell her much, and he asked her about Senior year of high school and it was as though she could talk for days. "The sun is setting, Gale," Madge said as they pulled up at the lake. "And it's too cold to swim." Gale couldn't help but smile as he looked over at her, chewing on her bottom lip nervously. "Why're you so worried, Madge?" he asked. Gale reached over and brushed her bangs from her face. "I just want to know what we're doing." The surprise of seeing her boyfriend was a big enough one, she didn't need others being thrown at her. His smile stretched again. "Remember that night the Mellark's had that huge bonfire?" he suddenly asked. Madge blinked in confusion but eventually tipped her head forward. "You got so drunk," Gale continues with a laugh, "you pulled me away from the girl I was talking to and demanded I show you the constellations." She chewed on her bottom lip again, but this time to bite back a smile. "So I went with you to that field in their back yard and just showed you all the stars." "I remember," she nodded. "You brought me bottled water and told me to sober up." Gale chuckled and shrugged innocently. "I didn't want you to forget them." "And you brought me Advil the next day," she remembered, blushing and dropping her gaze. "And crackers." "You were scared to eat them because you didn't want to throw up again." "God, my dad was so angry with me," she shook her head in shame and covered her face with her hands. "I can't even remember the name of half the constellations you showed me." Gale smirked and tipped his head toward the door. "Oh." It was finally registering. " Oh ." They were stargazing. Gale rolled his eyes playfully and reached into the tiny back seat of the truck, extracting a boatload of blankets and pillows. "A little help?" he asked. Madge leaned forward immediately to lighten his load and he smiled sweetly at her in thanks. She pushed open the truck door and it beeped, warning the two that the door, was in fact, open. Gale grumbled under his breath until they were both out of the car, carrying thick quilts to the bed of the truck. "I'll lay them out," Gale said as she tossed the pillows in the back. She stood by the side of the truck and watched as he shook out each blanket, carefully laying them on top of each other. Madge smiled to herself and brushed her bangs back behind her ear. As he laid out a quilt Madge caught a whiff of his cologne and chewed down on her bottom lip again. He always smelt like pine to her, or a bonfire. God, she missed him. Even now with him two feet in front of her he felt a hundred miles away. He caught her staring out of the corner of his eye and smiled crookedly. "What?" he asked. She shook her head innocently as if to say nothing . He chuckled and laid out the last blanket. "C'mere, Undersee." She quickly tiptoed over to him and he wrapped his arms tightly around her. Gale sighed into her hair and her fingers tangled on his shirt. There was nothing either of them could say to get the message across, how much they missed each other. They stood like that in one another's grasp for a long time, Gale breathing in her soft vanilla scent and Madge nuzzling against his chest. Soon enough the two actually climbed into the bed of the truck. It was very cozy having all those blankets there. Gale had his arms out behind his head and Madge rested in the crook by his side. It took a while before the stars actually started to pop out but they got to watch the sun sink into the sky in a collision of pinks and purples. "Gale," Madge started. He hummed in response, keeping his eyes on the sky. "Why'd you ask me to turn off my phone? You never have before." His eyebrows furrowed for a moment and he let out a short breath of air. The more he thought about it the more intimidating that sounded, and believe it or not he wasn't aiming for that. At the time it felt romantic. "I, uh," he hesitated. She poked him in the side and Gale knew there was no getting around this. She wanted a real answer. "I haven't seen you in months," he finally answered. "I kept thinking you might… someone might call and you'd want to leave and I, I don't know. I panicked, I guess." Madge let out a tiny giggle and turned into him. "You're ridiculous." "I know," he huffed. "I just want you all to myself." "Greedy." "Entirely," he agreed. She smiles. "I wouldn't. Leave, you know." Gale hummed again, turning to he could kiss her forehead. He snuck his arm around her back and tugged her closer. "Do you see any constellations?" she asked. "Plenty," he nodded. Before Gale's father had died in the war when he was younger the two spent plenty of time camping. His father showed him all the constellations, whether it be winter or spring or summer. "That one there," he says, extending his arm that wasn't around her back, "is called Perseus." He pointed out the stars that danced in the fall sky. "In Greek mythology," Madge said, "Perseus was the guy who killed Medusa." Gale tilted his head toward her and watches as she studies the cluster of stars. "He saved Andromeda." "Oh, that one's the Andromeda constellation," Gale said. He shifted her a little so she could see the constellation. "See it?" "The V?" Madge asked. "No, to the right of it. Just there." Madge furrows her eyebrows before finding it and smiling brightly. "The Andromeda Galaxy is in there, too," Gale told her. "That's the farthest part of the universe we can see without binoculars or anything, telescopes." "Wow," Madge sighed. "What about Pisces?" she asked. "You showed me Pisces that one night." "Yeah," he nods. "You can see, though it's kind of hard." The grouping of stars was very faint, but after having searched the sky for so long Gale could find it easily. "You're a Pisces, aren't you?" Madge blushed and nodded slightly. "Yeah." "March 3rd," Gale murmured. "Right?" Her blushed deepened. "Yeah. And your birthday is August… 13th." "You don't sound so sure," he laughed. "It's August 13th," Madge confirmed. The way his eyes twinkled was all the confirmation she needed. "What's that, Leo, right? Can you see the Leo tonight?" He shook his head and kept his eyes on the Pisces. "Well what else, then?" The night continued on with the two murmuring about different types of stars and constellations. He asked her about senior year, about the class council she was on and how Peeta was treating Katniss. Gale asked her about her job at the local grocery store, asked her about her current favorite television shows. Madge told Gale how in this show that she would watch a boy and a girl would create their own constellations in the sky, and Gale chuckled before leaning down to kiss her. Soon the stars were forgotten and all that could be seen was the two tangled in each other. Gale kissed across her throat and Madge sighed, arching into him and allowing Gale to hold her closer. "I know what this is for," Madge suddenly murmured. Gale kissed across her neck and she clutched the bundle of blankets below her, letting out a shaky breath. "And it's really sweet, Gale," her voice hitched. "But I don't know if I'm ready." "We're just watching the stars, Undersee," he breathed. Madge chuckled nervously and he came up from her throat, lifting an eyebrow. She had known the whole night, ever since he brought out