Disclaimer: The Hunger Games do not belong to me, I simply borrow the characters. Contains: Smut and use of language. Proceed knowingly. He's been having trouble being around people. Gale and the Star Squad leave bright and early tomorrow for their mission into the Capitol and his mom keeps looking at him with these big sad eyes. Hazelle is proud of her son of course but she's also terrified for him. Everyone is scared. The war is really starting. So instead of sitting around his moping siblings and immature friends Gale's gone to the meeting room early. There's a sectional meeting for the men of the squad, reminders on how to behave around the women of the squad while they're out on the mission and how to carry themselves in general. The meeting room is large, almost like a board room. There's a long table with many chairs and a backroom that has a couch and a water cooler – a break room. He's at the table now with his head in his hands, thinking about how important this mission is. He hates the glamour of it, the fact that it'll be filmed and broadcasted, but he has to fight anyway. Suddenly there's a quiet knock on the door. He lifts his head and turns to find Madge Undersee, of all people, in the doorway. She blinks a few time when she sees him. "Gale?" she pokes her head into the room. "Can I come in?" Startled to see her, yet somehow relieved, he dips his head. She enters the room and quietly shuts the door behind her. Though he struggles with admitting it, seeing Madge Undersee is the biggest breath of fresh air. She almost didn't make it out of District 12 when the bombs started falling. In fact, she wouldn't if Gale hadn't gone back for her. Every time he sees her golden hair or her bright blue eyes he's reminded that she almost died, he's reminded that she's still alive. Why did he save her? It was the question many people asked when he showed up in the meadow with her in his arms. Was it the morphling? Maybe slightly. But there was more to it. "Big day tomorrow," she says, stepping into the room. She can't believe that he's off, leaving with the Star Squad to fight the Capitol. Maybe never to return. It doesn't sit well in her stomach despite the fact that she knows he's ready. "Yeah," he nods, spinning his chair to see her. She's stopped by the wall, resting backwards against it, almost too scared to come all the way into the room. "How'd you know I was in here?" She scratches her forehead awkwardly. "Asked your mom." "Come to send me off?" he murmurs. "Say goodbye?" "I, um," she fidgets. "I had a question. Actually. And some things to say before you went. So yes, I guess that's what I'm doing, sort of." He cocks an eyebrow at her. Madge's hands are sweating. "This is ridiculous," she murmurs to herself. All the years Gale has known Madge he's never known her to be nervous. She's always been a bit quiet but when she speaks she's witty and sharp, her voice is strong. Moving in with Haymitch when they got to District 13 might've helped a bit, she's had to argue with him about this or that, about his safety, etc. So seeing her all shy unsettles him. Gale coughs awkwardly and she lets out a short breath. "Why did you save me?" she asks. The question throws him off kilter. Everyone else has wanted to know, of course she would want to know as well. Madge stares at him, waiting for him to respond, but he doesn't. He can't. "During the bombings. You came all the way back to my house. You dug under the wreckage to get me instead of just letting me die…" she waits for him to answer and still, he doesn't. "I-I just want to know why." "Why does it matter?" Gale mutters. "You're alive. That's in the past." "There had to have been some… some reason for doing so." Gale lifts his shoulders unenthusiastically. Nothing that concerns her. "Oh. Okay." Her heart is somewhere in her stomach but she swore to herself that she would go through with this. Madge takes a few steps toward him and away from the wall. "Well I… I wanted to come tell you good luck on your mission." Her hands are still sweating and she's sure her cheeks are pale. Gale has never seen her look so… scared . "I always… you're going to think I'm ridiculous but I always… I had… feelings for you," she says. Gale lifts his eyebrows. "What?" "I know it's stupid. You always had ten thousand girls after you all the time. But I found you to be the least boring person I ever knew." Madge wipes her hands on her gray District 13 pants and clears her throat. "You liked to argue with me, no one else would. And you were so brave." She licks her lips and looks away. "I just… I just wanted to tell you before you left. That you'll always have a piece of my heart." He stands abruptly, unknown feelings coursing through his veins. "Why would you tell me that?" he asks. Gale strides toward her and she backs up, shocked at his sudden intensity. "Why would you tell me that now ?" "Just in case," she forces out. He still moves toward her and she moves back until she reaches the wall and has nowhere else to go. "If something happened to you I needed you to know, I needed—" Gale reaches her and pins her to the wall, leaning down and forcefully pressing his lips to hers. She gasps into his mouth but he doesn't relent, one of his hands resting over her and the other holding firm to her hip. Finally Madge begins to respond, her lips move in time with his. When they part he doesn't go far, he rests his forehead against hers and listens to her pant. "That's why," he murmurs. "That's why I saved you." Madge arches herself up so their lips brush and he smiles against her mouth. There's the girl he fell for, the one not afraid to match him. Not the scared girl that walked in. That's a side of Madge he had never seen before and he didn't like it. Gale presses into her and revels in her soft groan. "Fuck," he pulls away but her hands cling to his shirt. "You had to tell me that the day before I left?" "I didn't—" he kisses her again and she laughs, sliding her hands under his shirt and around his hips. Her hands are warm. "I didn't think you would respond this enthusiastically," she admits when Gale pulls away. He reaches up and brushes her golden hair from her face. "That's really why you saved me?" Madge asks. "Why else?" She leans into his hand and he presses against her even more, really pinning her to the wall. He couldn't bear the thought of her dying. Suffocating under all of that burning debris. She saved his life once, she opened his eyes as to what it really meant to care for someone. How could he not save her? She was beautiful, is beautiful. Bright, smart, kind. Brave in her own ways, even if that doesn't include fighting in combat for the war. Not wanting to waste any more time Gale leans down to kiss her again. If only she had said something earlier, if only he had said something. Madge tastes so sweet, almost like a forbidden fruit he never thought he'd get the chance to enjoy. A lifetime ago he wouldn't have been able to – he was a boy from the Seam with no hope of a future. Now… now he's going to fight with the Star Squad. He's going to be a well-known soldier. He's going places in life. And it's not as though he saved her from the bombing and then they never spoke. District 13 has been a chance for them to get to know each other in bits and pieces. She would murmur things under her breath and he would laugh. Their eyes would seek out one another's in crowds, sometimes migrating to one another's side just for sake of being by someone familiar. Madge would spend time at his home with his family, playing with Posy or talking to Hazelle about life. They're not strangers, but they've always been something more than friends. Content to just kiss her for the rest of the day Gale is surprised when her hands start tracing up his spine. He knew she was daring, but daring enough to already start working off his shirt? He's not going to complain. When she fingers the hem he helps her peel it off. Madge's hands dance up his chest and he groans into her mouth. "Madge," he parts, gasping for air. Her eyes innocently find his and she says nothing, she just licks her lips. Madge reaches down for her own shirt and pulls it over her head, revealing her gray bra underneath. Fuck, Gale hates how everything in this place is gray, but she pulls it off well. "What are you—" "I want to give you something to remember me with," she cuts him off. It takes him a while to pull his eyes up from her breasts but when their eyes meet he has never seen her look more sure. "If you want it." He dives in immediately, capturing her lips quickly and reaching behind her to undo the straps of her bra. "Eager," she laughs as he kisses down her throat. Gale nibbles on her collarbone and elicits a needy noise from her, and he smiles into her skin. "Eager," he echoes softly. She drops her head backwards against the wall and he finally gets the hooks undone. Her bra slides from her body and his breath catches in his throat. "Have you ever…" he trails off. "Once," she nods. He pulls away, surprised. "Don't give me that look," Madge laughs, pulling his hands so they're around her waist. "I was curious and was tired of feeling so… unexperienced." He should've known she's been with someone before by the way she arches against him. "Have you?" Gale rolls his eyes at her and she laughs again. "Alright, King of the Slagheap." "Not a king," he says, bowing to kiss across her chin. "Maybe a knight. Thom definitely took more girls there than I did." She snorts and it warms his skin. "Reassuring." He pulls her up by the rear and she latches onto him. This new height gives him better access to her breasts. "How many?" she asks as one of his hands trails up her side before cupping her. " Oh ." "Doesn't matter anymore," he says. They were distractions. She arches into him and he rubs his thumb over her nipple which hardens at his touch. "Three." "A lot less than expected," she exhales. Her hands latch behind his neck and he move her to the backroom with the couch. "I don't mind." He chuckles, "I didn't think you would." Gale lays her down on the beat up couch and studies her face. "This isn't ideal," he murmurs. A couch in some back room of a meeting room. If it were up to him they'd have a nice comfy bed all to themselves. Madge shrugs, she doesn't mind. "We could go to yours? If you'd prefer." "Haymitch," she says, shaking her head. He would absolutely explode if he knew this were happening. "I've got my mom and the kids," Gale counters. Madge wiggles a bit, "I think here is just fine." Her hands reach for the button on his pants and Gale kicks off his shoes as she fiddles with it. She forces