Disclaimer: The Hunger Games do not belong to me, I simply borrow the characters. Contains: smut and use of language Gale grinned as Madge knocked back her third shot of the night. She was a lightweight most definitely and the fact that she was already downing some hard alcohol made him laugh. It also, however, concerned him more than he'd care to admit. He marched over and took the stool next to her, waiting until she was done with her chaser before actually speaking. "You alright, Undersee?" "I need to get really drunk," she answered immediately, waving the bartender over for another. "This stuff isn't working fast enough." Gale smirked to himself and gestured for the bartender to slow it down a bit, and the man behind the counter nodded. "What's wrong?" he asked. Of course, it was always a pleasure to watch Madge get totally wasted. She was a tease then and despite the fact that they've never done anything past a few hot kisses against the wall, it made him hot as hell. But tonight something was clearly wrong. "You know that guy I dated a few months ago?" Madge asked. She was sucking her teeth and shaking her head, golden hair cascading down her shoulders. "Dave?" Gale nods, remembering just how much he hated the scumbag. "I just found out why he broke up with me." "I thought you were over him," Gale wondered. "Definitely. More so now than ever." Madge drummed her fingers over the counter and sighed. "Can I get another shot or what?" she yelled. Madge turned back to Gale and looked him right in the eye. "He told all his friends he dumped me because I was crap in bed." Gale's eyebrows shot straight to his forehead. That was not what he was expecting. "Well are you?" he teased. Madge growled and narrowed her eyes at him. The bartender brought her another shot and she quickly took it, sighing as the liquid stung her throat. Not done messing with her, Gale sipped at his beer. The alcohol she was downing wasn't very strong. Four shots wasn't too bad. "If you're over him than why are you getting drunk?" he asked. "You talk to Catnip about this?" Madge rolled her eyes and glances over her shoulder at her friend. Katniss is in a booth with Peeta and both of them are hardly sipping on their drinks. They're not much fun at the bar. "I would rather not humiliate myself entirely." "So you are bad in bed!" he concluded. Madge dropped her head into her hands and didn't even bother asking for another shot. Gale was just kidding, but by the way she didn't respond he suddenly was confused. "Wait, seriously?" Still, she didn't answer. He couldn't believe it. Sure he had never gotten into bed with her but their tipsy make out sessions were on fire . "What's wrong with you?" "I don't know ," Madge mumbled. She did everything she thought guys wanted in bed, but she wasn't about to tell that to Gale. Hell, she even faked multiple orgasms for her bastard ex. He couldn't ever get her off. She thought pleasing him was how to have sex, and so that's what she tried her hardest for. He never pleased her though. Hesitantly, she raised her head. She must already be drunk because there's no way in hell she'd ever tell this to Gale. "I think I might be too timid," she murmured. Again Gale's eyebrows rose. "That so?" She was always aggressive when it came to kissing. "Why?" "I don't know," she repeated, and this time she was angry. "Then don't be," Gale shrugged. He glanced over his shoulder at Katniss and Peeta before turning back to the blonde beside him. "Do whatever it is you want. Be assertive. Guys love it." Madge looked at him wearily. "Well, I love it. I don't know about other guys." Still, she was hesitant. "Here, next time you're with a guy don't ask how he wants it, tell him how you want it." "Then how will he—" "Enjoy it?" Gale finished for her. "Watching a girl get off is sexy as hell," he answered. "Especially if you're the one causing it." Madge's mind, though hazy from the shots she took, dove into a very interesting place. Gale smirked knowingly. "What're you thinking?" She was thinking that Gale crying out her name would be a very nice way to end the night. "Nothing. Want to dance?" Still, he smirked. "Can you even walk?" Gale asked. Without an answer she leapt to her feet. Gale wrapped his arm around her waist to stop her from falling and she led them to the dance floor. Over his shoulder Gale saw Peeta and Katniss watching them, the two of them laughing at the blonde holding Gale's hands over her hips. The second she started to move Gale knew she was pretty drunk. He laughed and let her grind her ass against him as much as she wanted. Hell, it was hot. Wasted or not she could feel his cock through his jeans and it only turned her on more. "Gale," she turned to face him. He grinned, cocking an eyebrow. "Yes?" "I want you to kiss me." When he didn't make any forward movement she curled her fingers through his belt loops. "Kiss me," she said again. "Now." Gale licked his lips and leaned down, pressing his mouth to hers. Between kisses he told her, "You're drunk, Madge. You're so drunk." She shook her head and tugged him closer, gripping his shirt fiercely to keep him down on her level. Whenever he started inching away she'd slide her hands up his neck and tangle in his hair. Gale slid his hands around her hips and moved them from the dance floor, mainly because Peeta and Katniss kept watching them with a very judgmental stare. He propped the two of them against a wall, and it was like this they always ended up. His hands in her hair and her legs wrapped around his waist. It only happened when she was drunk, which sucked more than anyone could imagine, but he'd take it. She just didn't have the courage to do it any other time. And really, she wasn't that drunk. Madge never drank to the point of blacking out, she was always well aware of her actions. "Hold me up," she grunted. He slid his hands around her ass and hoisted her up. "Tighter." Gale smiled against her mouth. "Taking a page from my book, are you?" "Gale," she groaned. He kissed down her chin and across her jaw, loving the noises she made below him. "You're coming home with me tonight," Madge said. He nibbled on the spot below her ear and her hands fell flat against the wall, trying to grip onto something but failing miserably. "You don't want that," he murmured. Still he kissed her, suckling along her beautifully exposed collarbone. "You'll regret it in the morning." Gale's fingers danced over the soft skin of her waist where her shirt had ridden up. "I don't want you to regret me." "You're coming home with me," she said again, but this time it was more of an order. "No regrets." "Madge," he warned. His lips ghosted over her throat, there would most definitely be marks there in the morning. "This is about your ex." "Bastard," she snapped. Gale chuckled, the noise dancing over her skin. "I want you." "You're drunk," he said again. "I'm not." Madge lifted him away from her clavicle and forced him to look into her eyes. Bright and clear. A mischievous sparkle. Tipsy maybe, but not drunk. "I want you," she repeated. Her finger traced down his scruffy jaw. "And you want me." "I do," Gale nodded. He kissed her chin. "God, I want you." Suddenly she giggled. Gale hummed into her neck in question. "Are Katniss and Peeta watching us?" she asked. Gale chuckled, "Does it matter?" Again she giggled. "No, I guess not." After a quick glance over his shoulder Gale concluded that no, they weren't watching. "Let's go." Gale kissed the corner of her mouth before pulling her bottom lip into his mouth. She groaned, tugging on the hem of his shirt. "Ah, ah," Gale whispered. "Not here." "Then let's go ," Madge whined. She wanted him screaming her name, not the other way around. Well, she wouldn't mind an orgasm of her own. "You've gotta show me what to do." "No," Gale shook his head. "You tell me what you want." "I want to leave so I can tear your shirt from your chest," Madge hummed. Without further hesitation Gale released his hold on her allowing her legs to drop to the ground. Madge smiled wickedly and went to lead the way, only pausing at the door. "Go tell Katniss and Peeta we're leaving." Gale frowned. "Me?" "Go." Rolling his eyes but unable to stop his smile, Gale sprinted over to the couple in the booth. Before he could even say anything Katniss held her hand up to silence him. Peeta was the one who spoke, though. "We just don't want to hear about it in the morning, alright?" Gale shrugged and said, "Fair enough." He ran back over to Madge who was chewing on her bottom lip and waiting at the door of the bar. "Ready?" Without hesitation her hand found his and she tugged him from the room. Gale chuckled as they nearly fell from the bar, steadying her with his hands around his waist. "If you're not going to remember this in the morning then I'm not going through with it." "Christ, Gale," Madge muttered. She threw up her hand as a cab passed and it screeched to a halt. The two slid into the cab and gave the address to Madge's apartment before she turned to face him. "If you don't want this then tell me." "I already said that I did," he reminded her. Madge rested her hand on his knee and carefully moved it upwards. "You sure this isn't about your ex?" "He couldn't even last five minutes," she grunted. "I want you. And I want to learn how to be… better." Gale smirked and leaned into her, tilting her chin upwards before pressing his mouth to hers. "Win-win situation," Madge breathed. "Definitely win-win," he nodded. Madge continued up his thigh and towards his inner leg. Couldn't this damn cab drive any faster? Their lips collided together desperately, a clashing of tongue and teeth. When the cab finally pulled to a halt Gale threw a ten dollar bill in his direction and pulled Madge from the car. Both of them nearly sprinted up the two flights of stairs to her apartment. Madge was in front and she missed a step, falling down onto her knee. With a laugh Gale helped her up. Again and again she said she wasn't drunk, she was just as klutzy sober. When her door finally slammed open Gale's body started to tingle. He yanked the keys from the lock and shut the door behind them, tossing them onto the table before turning back to her. With the darkness of the bar gone and the lack of drumming music, Madge was suddenly nervous. He found her chewing on her bottom lip with her hand folded behind her back. Her last boyfriend broke up with her because she wasn't good at this, and now she brought Gale back to her apartment – why? Madge had been fawning over Gale for the longest time, she should've gotten better at this sort of thing before luring him to bed. Gale paced forward and slid his hands around her hips. He tugged her towards him and lifted an eyebrow. "Second thoughts?" he murmured. "I don't know where to start," she admitted. "Dave said—" "Dave's not here," Gale reminded her. His lips ghosted over hers. "I am. And dammit Undersee I've wanted you