Disclaimer: The Hunger Games do not belong to me, I simply borrow the characters. Contains: smut and use of language "You know we don't have to do this," Gale said to her. Madge was tapping her foot on the hard tiled floor and biting on her bottom lip. She was clearly nervous. They were in a tattoo parlor in District 13, and despite the fact that Gale had often reminded the blonde next to him that this was unnecessary she insisted on getting it done. "We can wait until you're sure." "I'm sure," she asserted. Madge continued to tap her foot on the floor. "It's funny how my dad would've killed me if I got a tattoo when he was still alive and now I'm getting one in honor of him, don't you think?" Gale snickered and reached over, grabbing her hand. "There's still time to back out," he reminded her. Just then a voice called out, "Gale Hawthorne. Margaret Undersee." The blonde tilted her head toward Gale who was smiling wickedly. He pulled her to stand and led her to the desk, waiting for the people to lead them to the back. "I'll go first," he reassured her. His goal was to show her that it wasn't going to hurt that bad, that she was perfectly capable of getting the needle pressed against her skin. "I'll hold your hand," she countered. Gale chuckled, lowering himself into the squeaky leather seat. Madge took the spot next to him and did as she said she would, grabbing his hand and lacing her fingers through. The tattoo artist was decked out in his own body art, black lines ran up and down his arms. He made idle small talk with them as he pressed the design Gale wanted onto his chest. "You know tattoos are permanent," the man reminded the pair. Madge nodded as Gale rolled his eyes. "Alright, let's get started then." The needle wasn't as bad Gale thought it would be. He was sure that his mother would have a heart attack if she was to ever see the ink, but Gale didn't mind. The symbol on his chest was the emblem of District 12, a place he owed his life to. He lost his father there, grew up there, and now it was in ruins. A place that might not ever rebuild like District 13 had. Every once in a while he would squeeze Madge's hand a bit tighter and the man would ask if he wanted a break, but Gale wanted to power through it. About half an hour passed before Gale's tattoo was completely done, and before he could even get a good look at it the man was taping a patch over it. "You can take the bandage off in an hour," he told Gale. "Make sure to clean it like the instructions say." The artist then gave Gale a small pack that contained the necessary supplies to care for his tattoo, and then moved on to Madge. "You ready, Sweetheart?" Madge glanced toward Gale and tipped her head forward slowly. She could do this. She was getting the same tattoo Gale was, the District 12 emblem, on her right arm a little below her shoulder. She had contemplated getting it on her collarbone but knew it would hurt too badly, and that was a bit harder to cover up than the one on her arm. She lost her entire family when the District was bombed. Even though it had felt like a prison at the time she lived there, District 12 was her home and she'd give anything to have it back. Madge lowered herself into the seat Gale was previously sitting in. He took the spot she had and grabbed her hand, rubbing his thumb gently over her skin. The tattoo artist pressed the design where she wanted it and asked her again and again if she was ready. Unable to speak she merely tipped her head forward. The needle was excruciating. Her mother had been addicted to morphling and was constantly shooting up, but Madge was sure this was a different type of pain. She squeezed her eyes shut and tried her hardest not to cry. When the tears started to fall Gale simply reached up and wiped them away. Gale's tattoo only took half an hour but hers was closer to a full one considering all the breaks they had to take. Finally the man was done, wiping away the last bit of blood and quickly taping it up like he had with Gale's. He relayed the same message, explaining how to care for and clean the tattoo, and then the couple was on their way. "You can take your bandage off now," Madge told him. Gale cocked an eyebrow, looking down at his shirt. The top of the padding was sticking out of the collar, but that was the only thing that could even indicate that Gale just got a tattoo. "It's been an hour." "I'll wait. We can take them off at the same time." The two stopped outside the parlor and entwined their hands. "I'm proud of you, you know." "I cried like a baby," Madge muttered. She was sure that her face was still pink. "It hurt like a bitch." Gale chuckled and nodded his head in agreement, "True. But you still did it. Took a lot of bravery to ask for a break." Madge's shoulders lifted slightly at his comment, but his words instilled her with a bit of happiness. She was proud of herself as well. "Does your arm still hurt?" "It's throbbing," Madge told him. "Your chest?" "Only if I touch it." Madge smirked and reached up, tapping right where his heart is. "Aw, come on Undersee," Gale laughed again and pushed her arm away. "That was low." The two walked away from the parlor hand in hand. Ever since the bombing of District 12 things had been different between them. God knows they weren't friends before the world went to shit. They were thrust together in this new and unfamiliar place and had to work through their differences to get through it. Now, well… They spent the rest of their afternoon strolling through the entertainment section of District 13. It was hardly used considering most of the citizens around there hated wasting anything, and that meant anything , but it was something for them to do. Madge dragged Gale into a bookstore and they fingered through old books from before the rebellion. She found a few of her favorite poetry books and read some to him, and though Gale would never admit it he enjoyed it. The sound of her voice was soothing and soft, it reminded him that not everything in District 13 was absolute shit. By the time they were done in the bookstore it was getting closer to dinner time, and the two quickly made their way back up to the livable floors. After debating if they should go to Gale's mother Hazelle and have dinner they decided against it and opted to go to Madge's place instead. She had her own room considering she didn't have parents anymore, and together they made a quick meal. Only after the dishes were done did Gale suggest removing their bandages. "You do mine and I'll do yours," he said, and Madge agreed. Gale's was first. After tugging his shirt from his body, Madge carefully peeled the tape from his skin. Gale winced, muttering something about ripping a bandage off rather than pulling it slowly. On that note she tore the white gauze from his body, causing Gale to grunt. Once it was all gone Gale looked down at his chest, finding a dark black tattoo staring back at him. "Wow," Madge murmured. "It looks great." She reached up and let her fingers trace over it, marveling at the detail the artist put into it. "It's really raised," she said. "It'll go down eventually," Gale responded. She was right, though, the emblem looked great. Very professional. He was proud. If his smile wasn't evident of that, he wasn't sure what was. "Your turn," he said. Instead of just pushing up her sleeve like she certainly could have, Madge slunk out of her shirt as well. Gale swallowed thickly, his eyes lingering a bit longer than they should've on her breasts, before going over to her arm. He cleared his throat as he worked off her bandage, forcing his eyes to stay on the white gauze rather than the pale blue bra she was wearing. Unlike him she preferred the bandage to be peeled off instead of torn. Finally when it was gone he through the tape in the trash alongside his, and turned back to study the work. It looked just as good as his, maybe even better because it was on her. Her pale skin contrasted greatly with the dark ink making it stand out even more than his did. Just like she had he reached up, running his finger over her new addition. "Raised," he told her with a smile. Madge smiled too, marveling at the masterpiece on her arm. "Makes you look tough, Undersee," Gale said. Madge rolled her eyes and laughed, shaking her head at him. "Like a real fighter." "I am a real fighter," she scolded him. The blonde turned back to him and studied his tattoo. Suddenly her eyes were filling with tears, but she still kept on her smile. "You think…" she started slowly. "You think it'll ever get rebuilt?" she asked. "District 12?" "Of course it will," Gale nodded. They weren't fighting this war for the hell of it, things were going to change. "Except it won't have any of the shit it did last time." At that Madge let out a watery laugh, nodding her head before resting her forehead against his chest. Gale wrapped his arms around her, his skin pressing against the small of her back. He wasn't about to question why she hadn't put her shirt back on yet. "Nothing to be upset about, Madge. Everything'll get done in due time." All of a sudden Gale felt her mouth against his skin. She kissed the spot above his belly button, and then moved upwards to deliver another. Gale released his hold slightly to look down at her, and when he did Madge lurched on her toes to kiss his mouth. Gale grunted in shock but welcomed her lips, soft and sweet just like the girl they belonged to. One of his hands tightened around her hip while the other traveled upwards, tangling in her messy golden hair. Madge wrapped her hands around his head, and pulled him down to her. They had been together before but it was never this sudden . Madge was usually shy and hesitant, but she couldn't wait any longer this time. He was home to her. She lowered one of her hands to his belt loops and tugged him backwards toward her bed, and then she reveled in the groan that traveled up his throat. He nipped on her lower lip before pulling it into his mouth, sucking at the sensitive spot he just created. As if sensing her knees were giving out Gale lowered his hand from her hip down to her ass, lifting her into his grasp for the next few feet before they reached her mattress. No longer needing to hold her up his hands traveled gently down her arms. He was sure to be careful where her tattoo was, and in return received a smile against his mouth. Gale broke the kiss and crawled onto the mattress with her, trailing hot kisses down her jaw and across to her ear. "So soft," he murmured softly. Madge mewed and ran her hands up his chest, avoiding his new ink before linking her hand behind his neck again. Gale kissed across her collarbones and suckled on her skin leaving a mark where there hadn't been