Disclaimer Stephanie Meyer owns the twilight universe. I am only playing with her characters. Content Warning! This story is rated M for Mature readers . It contains a lot of foul language, drinking, mild drugs, violence, death, sexual assault and Adult content, and is not appropriate for all readers. Don't leave me responsible for ruining your innocence, please? And you'll need to give me a little creative lee-way here. I'm not nearly as smart as I think I am. Enjoy! Chapter songs: USS- This is the Best C2C- Down the Road . . . . . . . . . . Protector: Something at First Sight Edward If I had to choose only one word to describe her, it would have to be a Protector . I don't think she even realized it sometimes, and despite that confident and fierce aura she constantly emitted, everything in her being was geared towards some higher goal of protecting someone else. Especially those she loved, but not slightly limited to. It was just her nature. And since the first moment I saw her, my nature became to want her. I wouldn't go so far as to call it love at first sight , it definitely wasn't for her, but since the first second I laid eyes on her she became the only thing I would ever want again. . . . . . . . . . . "Come on Edward, I'll make the calls and everything. There's a great agency in New York-" "Fucking Christ, Tyler. I don't want a damn P.A. I don't need one. I told you, I'm out right now, okay? I can take care of myself." "At least let me set you up with some security. That apartment- man, you need something . And I have at least a hundred requests for interviews and-" "Edward!" I sighed, griping onto my phone tighter. "Well you can tell them all to go fuck themselves. I gotta go, I'll call when I call." I hung up my phone, turning it off again as I turned to the sound of her voice. I felt myself smile genuinely for the first time in what felt like eons, and set my bag down just in time to catch her in my arms. "Hey mom." I squeezed her tightly as she clung to me, sniffling. "I can't believe you're actually here, " she cried. I'm sure if I let go of her she could have safely hung from my shoulders on her own without falling, judging by the strength of her grip, but I wasn't going to take the chance. "I told you I was moving back," I said with a laugh. "I know, I just didn't think you would actually do it," she said, laughing lightly as she let me go. I tried not to frown. I was quite aware of how out of touch I had become with them, but that was going to change. I didn't blame her for her incredulity; I would prove to them all that I was serious with my actions. With filming finished, there was nothing holding me in L.A. anymore. I needed a break, from all of it, from the looming threat of running into her . From the paparazzi throwing her name at me every time I left the studio or my hotel. What better place than home? Mom looked up at me worriedly, taking my face in her hands. "How are you doing sweetie?" I knew she wasn't talking about the short flight. Without the stage make-up, I couldn't hide the dark circles under my eyes. I haven't been able to sleep more than half an hour straight for weeks. Just thinking of her , my fists clenched in anger as I ground my teeth. Fucking bitch. "I'm fine Mom, just tired." She gave me a sad smile, and the glare of a lens from the man holding the camera in the corner of the terminal caught my eye, his finger clicking away. She followed my gaze, and I picked my suitcase back up, wrapped my arm around her shoulders and started leading us out of the terminal. I was used to it, but I didn't like the tabloids harassing my family. I probably should have taken Tyler's offer on the security, but really, he was annoying the living hell out of me and I didn't want to even hear his voice. I really should just fire him, maybe get a boat and just disappear, retire early. Lord knows I could afford it. We quickly made our way out to the car, and her driver opened up the door before taking my bag and loading it into the trunk. "Sorry about that, I didn't think they'd start to find me that fast." "Oh sweetie, it's not your fault those leeches can't get enough to you," she said sweetly. I rolled my eyes, fighting a small smile. I wrapped my other arm around her and gave her another hug. "It's really nice to see you again mom, I'm sorry that's it's been so long." I almost regretted my words when she started crying again. "You're here now, that's all that matters." "What's dad up to?" "There was an emergency board meeting today, but he wanted to come pick you up with me. He'll be home for dinner though, your sister will be there too. How long will you be staying with us?" "My loft will be ready on Wednesday, and they'll be moving my stuff over from storage the same day," I said, watching her face carefully. I caught it immediately when she frowned. "I really don't mind staying at the hotel though, I don't want to be an inconvenience-" She smacked me on the back of the head, hard. "Non-sense! You're not a burden, and my son is not staying in a hotel ," she said with a glare. I held up my hands in surrender with a grin, and she rolled her eyes at me. I'd been living in hotels for the past month, after putting my house on the market the day I kicked her out of it. A few more days wouldn't have made a difference. "So how did the end of filming go?" "It was brutal, we went five days over schedule," I said with a huff, dragging my hand through my hair in frustration. I get why they wanted Jessica, she was hot, but the girl was a fucking idiot, and not even that great an actress. And she hadn't been much better in bed. That had been a mistake; she had taken on full blown stalker-status since that night in the club. Fuck you Jack, and all of your bad influence. The house hadn't changed much in the past five years. New furniture, but nothing else major. I went up to my old room and dropped off my things, not even bothering to turn on my phone and just tossing it onto the bed before going back down stairs. The wind was knocked out of me when I walked into the kitchen, but I caught my balance quickly. "Hey Alice," I said in exasperation, she dropped down to her feet gracefully, glaring at me before she punched me in the gut. She was a tiny thing, it didn't hurt. "Don't you hey me, why didn't you answer any of my texts?" She shouted in annoyance. It was hard to take her seriously when she was angry. Even with her tall, designer heels she was still barely five foot five, very petite. She had cut her hair since the last time I saw her, it was now in an artfully messy, a-symmetrical bob, barely brushing against her left shoulder, and a couple inches longer on the right side. "Phone's off, I need a new number. I like the new haircut," I said, giving her my award-winning smile. She didn't buy it, but I could tell I was now in a safe zone. "Thanks," she said, giving me a reluctant smile. We walked over to the bar, and I made her and my mom martinis before pouring myself a scotch. Just like that, sitting with my two most favourite women in the world, it was like I had never left. Alice told me how well her fashion company was doing, apparently her new summer line was a big success, and my mom filled me in on some gossip, and told me about some of her recent charity work while she cooked dinner. Dad got in not long later, and we sat informally around the small table in the kitchen while eating. I was relieved to see that he seemed genuinely happy to have me here. No one said a thing about Tanya, thank god. And to my utter relief, no one mentioned my highly photographed… exploits of the past couple weeks. I actually started to feel like I was beginning to relax a little… But as soon as that realization went through my mind, my teeth clenched, and my leg started shaking under the table. No, I did not want to spend tonight in my head. I needed to do something. It was Friday night for fuck sakes, and I was Edward Fucking Cullen. I wasn't going to sit here and sulk like a girl. Tonight was going good though, I didn't want to screw it up by leaving. Fuck. "Hey, since its Friday night I was wondering if you'd wanted to go check out Rose's club? You haven't been yet, right?" Best little sister ever. I smiled at her, and she winked. "That sounds great actually," I said, trying not to sound too relieved. "How is my little cousin doing these days?" "Great, business is booming, the club has been doing amazingly well," she said, her fingers flying across her phone as she talked. As soon as she put it down, it vibrated and she picked it up again. Mom frowned in disapproval. "Am I going to have to enact the electronics at the dinner table ban again?" She asked, giving her a pointed look. "I'm talking to Rose, she's family. This doesn't count," she said easily. Mom shook her head, and I helped her as she started to clear the table. It was easier to stay calm if I kept busy. My third scotch was starting to help too. I jumped slightly when my mom ran her fingers through the back of my hair. "You should get a haircut sweetie," she said in a disapproving tone. Yeah, I was aware of that, but my last stylist got called to a set in New Zealand, and it took a great deal of trust to let someone near my hair with a pair of scissors. "I like it this this," I lied. She sighed, shaking her head as she walked away. "I brought a suit for you, it's hanging by the front door," Alice said, handing me her empty glass so I could put it in the dishwasher for her. "I brought suits with me," I said, knowing it was pointless. It was just nice to be talking to her though. You're such a girl. "Pfft. I brought you one of my suits. I won't have you embarrassing me with whatever garbage your personal shopper threw at you." She pointed one of her little polished fingers at me. "I've seen what you wear in the papers. Fire her, or I'll disown you." She pulled a tape measure out of her pocket, and I didn't bother to fight her has she took a few of my measurements. She's been doing this since she was three, and made me wear the dresses she would make out of mom's sheets and curtains. "Just what I thought. I'll be sending over some new clothes in a couple days, burn your suitcases. We're leaving in an hour." And with that, she disappeared. I sighed around my amused smile, and finished tidying up the kitchen before grabbing