Hey guys! I know, I'm being bad, posting another story even though Protector isn't finished yet. I haven't abandoned it, but I've been having more fun with this one, and I want to see if people like it. Protector has become a bit of a chore, people don't like it as much as EPOV. So, here's something else I've been working on. Like all of my stories, it's Bella and Edward, and full of angsty-goodness. It will be done from both BPOV, and EPOV. Chapter lengths vary. Like my other stories, it's rated M for mature readers, for violence, language, mature themes, and lemons. Go away kiddies, search for some "T" Rated titles, because my stories aren't for kids. This story will also deal with mature subject matter like bullying, depression and drugs. It's kind of weird posting this story here, because in its original format I have to use a lot of different fonts, but I'll see how it goes I guess. I'm not a medical professional, this story is just for fun, I apologize for any discrepancies. Disclaimer: Stephanie Meyer owns Twilight, if you hadn't already figured that out. Are disclaimers really necessary? Everyone else is doing it, not sure if it's mandatory, of if I'm just Lemming-out in the fanfiction world… . . . Bella . . . Charlie's cruiser passed the old-looking, crumbling, paint-covered sign that notified me that we had crossed into his home-town. That was the only sign. Not literally; I mean if I hadn't seen that wooden sign I wouldn't have known we were in an actual town . It was just more trees. More rain. More Highway. More nothing. Green, brown, grey… and more damn green. And it was cold. And wet. I disliked both attributes equally, a polar-opposite of Arizona. It was perfect. The car remained silent, as it had for the last two hours. He'd done his best to fill the silence with excited chatter for the first two, telling me everything he could think of about my new home. As I knew it would though, the conversation had faded into a heavy silence. And there wasn't a damn thing I could do about it. I'd been expecting it and tried not to let it get to me, but it was hard not to feel guilty about stressing him out already when we hadn't even made it to his house. I should learn Morse code, I bet he knew that. Charlie was great, he had confidence and an air of authority to him that I'd always respected. He was bluntly honest, but never in a hurtful way. Not intentionally anyways. He was protective, he was generous, and he genuinely cared about helping others. And I'm pretty sure he'd always been in love with my mom. I wondered if he still was, and if he did I wondered if it made him feel as fucked up as it made me feel. I wish I could break the silence. Put him at ease. I wish I could say thank-you. I wish I could give him a fucking hug. I held my breath, staring at the ceiling of the cabin as I fought back my tears. I wasn't going to put that shit on him too. It was almost two in the morning, so, obviously, it was dark out. He tried pointing out a few things to me, miscellaneous businesses, but I couldn't make anything out besides the Thriftway with its lit up, empty parking lot. I was relieved to see a normal-looking grocery store in the middle of nowhere. At least I knew Charlie didn't have to live solely off of fish. I wouldn't have been surprised with the way he talked about his boat. We turned right onto a side road, driving down to the end and stopping at a cul-de-sac. His house was at the very end, backed against the forest. It was a decent sized bungalow, some light colour I couldn't quite make out in the dark. White, grey, maybe beige. He didn't have a garden or anything, not that I was expecting him to. When he parked in his driveway, he gave me a slightly-uncomfortable smile, and I gave him the best, brightest smile that I was capable of. If it was all I could do, I'd smile at him until my damn teeth fell out. He got out, and I copied, following him. He brushed me off when I tried to help with my bags. Not literally, he was being very careful not to come within an arm's reach of me. It hurt, but it wasn't like I could do anything about that. And I wasn't that bad. Not around him. I had been fine sitting next to him in the car after the first hour or so. He was only trying to help so I tried to look at it as him being thoughtful, not me being fucked-up. But I knew I was. Even if they said it was normal, I still was not fucking normal. My thoughts were only confirmed as he reached out to offer me his keys, making me flinch away violently. "Shit, Bells, I'm sorry, I didn't-" I held out my hand in a stopping motion, pleading with my eyes for him to stop, for him to see how sorry I was. He gave me a reassuring smile, and then did something that made my damn year. He didn't give up on me, or try to baby me. He lifted the keys up in an offer, away from him, but not reaching for me. My pulse started thudding loudly in my ears, I could feel it echoing in my head, every muscle in my body tightened reflexively, and I felt a cool flush start at the back of my neck and drip all the way down to my toes. My stomach rolled. He gave me an encouraging, patient smile. "I know you're not afraid of me, baby girl," he teased with a smile. I clenched my jaw. My fists. I took seventeen long, deep, calming breaths that did shit-all. DO IT! My hand flashed out quickly, snatching the keys in a blur. I gasped, doubling over in pain from the nausea, the dizziness, the humiliation, and the crippling, paralyzing, completely-fucking-irrational fear. Charlie didn't touch me. I started to hear his voice as the ringing in my ears began to fade. "… chuckles and replies, " He sure did!" " Well ," said the little girl, "Next year tell Santa that the dick goes under the horse, not on top of it!"" Er, what? "Okay. So, this old lady gets pulled over for speeding. When the officer comes up she asks if there's a problem, and he tells her that she was speeding. She just says " Oh ," calmly, nothing else." The corner of my mouth twitched at the sound of his eerily-realistic old woman impersonation. "He asks to see her driver's license, and she says, "I'd give it to you, but I don't have one." " Holy shit. I was full on grinning at his voice. " You don't have one?" He asked in his usual tone. Impersonating a cop. Oh my God. "" No, I lost it, four years ago for drunk driving." He was obviously alarmed, and asked for her registration. But she tells him she can't give it to him. When he asks why; she tells him she stole it, and that she hacked up the owner after stealing his car, and he's stuffed in bags in the trunk. He tells her to stay in the car, runs and calls for back-up, and in minutes reinforcements are there. He tells his senior officer what she told him, and he goes up and slowly approaches her, where she's still sitting, innocently and patiently in her car. And he goes "Ma'am, could you step out of your vehicle please!" And she steps out of her vehicle." " Is there a problem sir?" He asked in an innocent, feminine tone, and I'm shaking, heaving with silent laughter. " One of my officers told me that you've stolen this car and murdered the owner." " Murdered the owner?" "" Yes, if you could open the trunk of your car, please." And the woman goes and opens the trunk, revealing nothing but an empty trunk." "" Is this your car, ma'am?" And he's all fucking confused when she tells him yes, and gives him her license and registration. He's just floored, not knowing what to make of it, and quickly apologizes to her. "Thank you ma'am. I'm sorry; one of my officers told me you didn't have a license, that you stole this car, and that you murdered and hacked up the owner." " "And the old lady just starts fucking laughing. "Bet the liar told you I was speeding, too." " And Charlie just started laughing his ass off at his own joke, and I had tears from smiling so hard. I've always thought he had an awesome laugh. "How you feeling, kiddo?" I swiped at my face, still smiling as I gave him a thumbs-up. I saw his fists clench, most likely to stop himself from giving me a hand up. "Good. I think you're doing awesome, just so you know. Those are some karate-kid-quality reflexes you got there." I bit onto my bottom lip, trying to stop smiling because it was hurting my face now. He gestured grandly for me to do the honors, and I think my hand was only shaking from exhaustion now. I stuck in one of the two keys on the chain, the one that wasn't obviously a car key. I stepped into the blackness cautiously, barely jumping when Charlie turned on the lights. First thought that came to mind? Bachelor pad. Second? It was very clean. And organized. I hadn't been expecting that. He led me through, talking comfortably as he dragged my suitcases and tracked dirt all over his clean hardwood floors. It was very bright while lit up. Obviously. But the walls were white, the curtains a light grey. The front foyer opened up to a large living room on one side, and he pointed out the door to the garage on the other as he took me in the opposite direction. He had comfy-looking grey leather couches and recliners, a big TV, and dark wood tables. He showed me his kitchen, which was warm with dark cabinets, sand coloured tiles and dark green counter tops. A big glass door that led out to his backyard. Then there was the laundry room, and he showed me where his bedroom was, before walking into what was to be my new bedroom. "Favourite colour still blue?" I smiled brightly, nodding my head. He looked quite pleased with himself as I looked around. A big bed with a bunch of pillows and a fluffy dark blue comforter with light blue sheets. He had told me his guest bedroom's bed had been bigger than mine, and barely used, so I'd gotten rid of mine. I loved it. My curtains matched the blanket, as did the chair that was rolled into the cute, little, pale-wood corner desk. It had a few shelves, but not nearly enough for all of my crap. He told me my things would be in this week though, and I'd kept the nicest ones from her house. It was awesome. And my big window opened right into the back yard. I wasn't sure how I felt about that. I gave him the brightest smile I had before diving into my purse and pulling out my book. I was so happy that we weren't driving anymore, and that I could at least do this. It's amazing. Thank you Charlie, so much. I could never thank you enough for this, and I really appreciate everything that you're doing for me. I turned the book to face him so he could read, and his face lit up.