Hey guys! So, here is Bella's story. To those that have been reading Edward's story, this might end up answering some questions. To those that haven't, this is a companion story to Protector: Something at First Sight, but you don't need to read the other story for this one to make sense, though there are some parts that are left out for the reason of needless repetition. I will give you the same warning I gave the guys on the other side though; I'm going to need you to give me a bit of creative lee-way here. This is fiction, and I'm not nearly as smart as I think I am. ;) And also... Content warning: This story is rated Mature for adults, and is a lot darker than Edward's side of the story. It contains death, violence, drinking, drugs, lots of foul language, lemons and deals with sexual assault. This story will not be appropriate for all readers, so please continue at your own discretion. SM owns Twilight. Protector Bella " Heads up boss, Edward and Alice Cullen just walked in the building," Jake called through my ear piece. Rose had told me that her cousin s , plural, were coming by tonight, so I had been expecting to see him come walking in after Alice. I had seen her many times before, she was Rose's cousin and they hung out quite often, so I'd obviously heard a lot about her. Of course I'd checked her out myself, she was close to Rose after all. Alice Cullen owned a somewhat new, yet very well-off clothing company. She was one of the most sought-after names for all the large award shows, the Emmy's, the Golden Globes, all of that other useless trash. She was born here in New York, twenty-three years old, graduated top of her class at Parsons, and the only things on her criminal record were a few speeding tickets. I couldn't really blame her with that beautiful canary-yellow Porsche she had. And she had a bit of a stalker. James Trake was here tonight, which was why I was watching out for her. She didn't know I existed, despite the fact that she was friends with my brother and Rose, my sister for all intents-and-purposes. But no one did. Until I meant for them to. Oh, and her brother just happened to be Edward Fucking Cullen. The sweet boy who I'd chosen to play my Emmett. That was one of my only two requests to Marcus, that he let me choose who played my brother, and that they say that Victor wasn't actually caught, and show a picture of him at the end of the film. He thought it would be an excellently moving end, and had agreed. I still had the thank you letter Edward had written me hidden away safely. I was actually going to get to see him in person for the first time though, not that I would actually talk to him. Still, it was pretty cool. That was eight years ago though, and as soon as he walked through the door I knew that sweet, polite boy was long gone. He had that cocky, arrogant air to him, and I let out a disappointed sigh. James had noticed Alice immediately, and I fought the urge to knock him out just for the way he was looking at her. If I was going to actually help her though, I needed to be strategic about this. A slap on the wrist would do more harm than good, I knew his type. If he actually touched her against her will in my territory, I could eliminate him as a threat for her. I already had some dirt on him that could get him taken in, but the whole point was Alice. He couldn't be allowed near her anymore. It would work, but I hated that I'd have to let him touch her for it to do so. I'd much rather to just knock him out right now and threaten him, but they always come back. James had the opportunity to be an easy fix though. He was an easy person to see, not a good hunter. He could be controlled. My eyes flickered back to him every few seconds as I went back to scanning the faces of the other occupants of the room, looking for any signs of aggression or hostility on their inebriated faces. I wasn't the only person scanning the room. Mr. Movie Star was inspecting the large crowd carefully, no doubt looking for his next victim. Apparently he broke up with that actress he'd been with; Rose told me that it was pretty bad and that he had actually moved back here. Rose hadn't been close to him for years though. I'd unfortunately seen too many photos on the trashy magazines lined up by the check-out in my grocery store of how he 'coped' with being single, leaving a trail of scattered panties in his wake where ever he went. He seemed like a douche, but I had to admit that he was fucking gorgeous. Messy, dark bronze hair, strong jaw, tall, muscular, broad-shouldered… I didn't usually pay any attention to that short of thing, but seriously, he had to be the most gorgeous looking man I had ever seen, even with that cocky smile that controlled his lips. God, I really needed to get some sleep. He stopped at the bar and ordered a drink, then went back to checking out the room, his eyes eventually moving over my inconspicuous perch. Then his face snapped back to me, and he just stared at me for a long minute. Even looking away from him completely, I could still feel his gaze on me, filling my body with a tingling buzz of awareness. Why the hell was he staring at me? It was rare anyone even noticed me in my corner. He was being fucking weird, staring at me like that, and after a minute he started to fidget almost like he was excited or restless. The he started walking towards me. I panicked, and as soon as Henry called him back for his drink, I ducked into the crowd and shifted to a spot behind a large square pillar. I watched as he looked back for me, and then scanned the room when he realized I wasn't there. He didn't see me, and seemed to huff angrily like a pouting child before walking over to the others and dropping down into the spot next to Rose. Well, that was different. I didn't like working from this spot, I felt too in the crowd to watch it properly. The people were too close to me, and I was continuously swaying away from their stumbling proximity. I waited until he finished his drink, hoping that was sufficient enough time for him to forget about me before I moved back to my spot. My watched beeped. "Twenty-three hundred, give me a check," I said into my wrist gear. "Front's good, there's a crazy line but we're at full capacity," Jacob's voice said back into my ear through the hidden piece. "Bar one and floor good." "Two and bathrooms good." "Three and lounge good." "Lookout is calm." I waited for a moment, then sighed in annoyance. "Where's Felix?" I asked shortly. You didn't fuck with my roll call, not when the night was peaking like this and I was fucking short staff. "Uh… he just ran to the bathroom boss, but I got this, I swear." I didn't have the time to pull him out of whatever woman he had charmed tonight. Not with James here. "Keep me posted Seth." "Sure thing boss." Unfortunately, it didn't take very long for Hollywood to find me again. He grinned when he noticed me, and took a deep swing of his drink. I never turned my head in his direction, but still found myself watching him out of my peripherals. …And he's staring at me again. What the hell is wrong with him? Does he not know that it's not socially acceptable to just openly stare at someone like that? And Rose says my social skills are lacking. I didn't have to ask why he was doing it though, it was clear as day in the way he was watching me, with a hunger in his eyes that made me feel almost sick. He looked like he was plotting a kill, and that fucking pissed me off. I hated men like that, looking at women like fucking trophies to be won, conquered. Well, I disliked most men in general, but men like him especially. He probably thought he was top shit. Yeah, he was hot, but not enough to distract from his arrogance. That crooked grin got bigger, and I clenched my fists and I turned my face to look him right the fuck back. Yes asshole, I see you, now fuck off. He just fucking smiled at me, showing off his perfect white teeth and adorable dimples before he winked at me. It was a nice smile, but I wasn't stupid enough to even acknowledge his shit. I went back to searching the room. I caught James' back as he stormed into the washroom, then watched these two girls that were getting a little too rowdy on the dance floor. Jaw Bones was still watching me, but he was attempting to be more inconspicuous about it now and I resigned to just trying to ignore him. It wasn't easy, that face was very distracting. I hated being distracted; I wasn't being efficient enough in distributing my attention. Henry was arguing with someone at the bar. He looked like he had it under control, but I watched carefully, ready to spring at any moment if the man reached over the counter. He gave the man a bowl of pretzels, and the drunk just fucking beamed at him, all traces of his anger gone, and I looked back at the dance floor, then Rose's table in my peripherals again. Alice was gone. She had her drinks brought to the table, so I looked over the logical path to the bathroom. Sure enough, she was halfway there, having cut through the dance floor. James was blocking her path, and she looked terrified, looking up at the tall man. Don't worry, you're going to be fine. I didn't have to wait long; she tried to back-track to her table, and he reached out and took her arm. She pulled against him, obviously telling him to let her go, and he started pulling her. Right in the middle of the dance floor, a perfect shot on my security camera. Got it. I wove through the crowd easily, swiftly, and I was with them in seconds. I didn't hesitate, I grabbed onto the wrist of the hand that was holding onto the tiny woman's arm, and then brought my other elbow down on his forearm sharply. He shouted like a little girl, catching the attention of the others around us. I didn't fucking care. I twisted his injured arm behind his back as I hit him in the back of the knee hard enough to make him go down, pinning him to the floor. I fucking did it. If she wanted him gone, I could do this for her. I finally let myself smile, leaning in to the fucker's ear. I could see a little bit of white powder on the inside of his nostril, which explained his sloppiness tonight. "Wrong fucking move, asshole." I looked back up to Alice, who was watching me with a stunned expression, still in shock no doubt from him grabbing her like that. I tried not to let myself feel too bad, this was for her own good. She could grow stronger from this. I tried to keep my voice gentle, soothing as I addressed her, and her brother was there next to her now with an