Stephanie Meyer owns Twilight! I'm playing with her story, no infringement is intended! This story is Rated M for Mature. Please, don't make me responsible for getting lemon juice in your innocent eyes. There's adult subject matter, angsty stuff, death, and some dark stuff guys. A/U, some canon couples. This story isn't a Bella/ Jacob story, but it does start out as one. There are chapter titles if you want to skip ahead. This story has been edited from what I originally wrote. Character names and descriptions had been different in the original. Carry on, and leave some reviews if you can! Chapter One :: Forks Isabella I sat in silence with my social worker on the three and a half hour journey from Seattle to the small town of Forks. Renee was a sweet woman. She had been the closest thing to someone who cared about me since my mother's accident. No, that wasn't fair. I knew that she truly did care about me; I bet she would have offered to take me in herself if she didn't already have three young boys. I watched the trees rush by in a blur of green, the heavy rain making everything blend together. There were hardly any other cars on the road as we passed the "Welcome to Forks, Washington" sign, and it seemed so quiet. It was a nice change from the city, but I still didn't want to be here. "Do I have to do this?" I asked her quietly. I didn't look at her, afraid that she might see my fear if she looked into my eyes. I felt her watching me for a moment before she replied. "I'm sorry Isabella, but Mr. Swan is a really good guy, and I think this will be good for you." I felt her soft hand on my arm, and I closed my eyes. "Please, trust me." After a moment, I nodded slightly. I refused to let myself cry anymore; I had wasted too much of my life on that already. In nine more months, I would be eighteen. I would be able to access my trust fund, and be free to live on my own. Even if this place didn't work out either, it would probably be the last foster home they tried to put me in. The process usually took quite a while. The town seemed very small, nothing like Seattle. It felt like the majority of it was off of one long main road, and all of the establishments had very uninspired names; 'Diner,' 'Grocery Store,' 'Hospital.' The High School was tiny compared to my last, and I hoped that wouldn't make it too hard to just blend in. After taking a couple side streets, she pulled down a short dead end and parked in front of a small, two-story house right next to the forest. I immediately stiffened, the police cruiser in the driveway doing nothing to make me feel more comfortable. I shot a look at Renee, raising an eyebrow. We were in the middle nowhere. "I know," she said sympathetically. "But I've met with him three times already. He gives me a really good vibe, and I think you'll like him." She turned off the engine, and went to unlock the trunk. I took a deep breath to steady myself, and got out of the car. Grabbing the second of my two large suitcases, I followed Renee up the walk way, and watched as she rang the doorbell. Charlie Swan looked to be in his late forties. He had dark brown hair that was peppered with grey, and warm, chocolate-brown eyes eerily similar to my own. When he smiled, the sides of his eyes crinkled slightly. He didn't have that slightly-off look that made me so uncomfortable from the first moment I had met George. I still did not know this man in the slightest though. I gripped my grey suitcase tightly. "Hey Mr. Swan," Renee said warmly. "Please, come in before you get soaked." He seemed slightly nervous; there was the faintest shake in his friendly voice. I walked in behind Renee, but didn't copy her when she put down the suitcase she was carrying. The feel of my arms about to fall off was helpfully distracting. She spoke as she started to unbutton her coat. "So Charlie, let me finally introduce you to Isabella Larose. Isabella, this is Mr. Swan." He put out his hand with a nervous smile, and I slowly shifted my suitcase to one hand before taking it. "You can just call me Charlie. I'm really happy to finally meet you Isabella." He sounded really genuine about it, but I was still having trouble speaking. He relaxed slightly, and I felt like he could sense just how nervous and uncomfortable I was. "Can I take your suitcase for you kiddo?" He asked gently, and I reluctantly let him every tangible memory I owned out of my hand. "Thank you," I finally forced out, and I winced at hearing it come out as more of a squeak. Renee put a reassuring hand on my shoulder. "Don't worry about it," he said happily, and grabbed the other suitcase with his free hand. "Why don't you guys follow me upstairs, and you can both check out Isabella's room." "That's a great idea," she said, and I followed the two of them upstairs. At the top of the wooden staircase there was a small bathroom, with a bedroom on each side. "There's the bathroom. My room's the one on the left," he said, nodding his head. "And you're over here." He pushed the half-closed door open with the suitcase in his left hand, and set them both down gently once he was inside the room. "Do you like purple? It's what the saleswoman recommended. Sorry," he said awkwardly. It was the biggest bedroom I had had since I left my father's house. There was a twin sized bed on the left side of the room with purple sheets and a white down comforter. On the opposite side of the window that was centered on the back wall was a small corner desk with shelves. It had a plain wooden chair in front of it. On the right wall there was a wooden dresser that had a few sets of towels, and an extra set of sheets stacked on the top. I blinked really hard to stop the stinging in my eyes. "If you don't like them we can go out and you can pick some new ones," he said in a worried tone. I hadn't realized that I'd forgotten to speak, and interrupted him quickly. "No! Purple's great. Thank you very much Mr. Swan, this is really nice." I was only with Rita and Carl for a month and a half, but the guest room they had me staying in reeked of cigarettes, the paint on the walls yellowed from tobacco smoke. Then Rita got pregnant. Six months later is when I went to live with Tara and George, and they had me sharing a room with their two daughters. Between those places and the ward, I was more than content with this. I had dreamed of buying purple sheets before. "Please, just Charlie," he reminded me. I gave him a small smile and nodded. "Why don't you get a little settled in Isabella, and I'm going to go downstairs and do some paperwork with Charlie." She gave me a reassuring pat on the shoulder, and they both left me alone. I stood and listened to them walk down the creaky wooden stairs. I heard Renee open up the clips on her briefcase, and the rumble of her voice as she started having him sign some legal contracts. I picked up my suitcases and laid them gently against the wall beneath the window beside each other. I opened the lock on the grey one on the left, and lifted the lid. I took out the quilt that my mother had made me as a child, my most prized possession, and laid it out across my bed. Then I took out my frayed copy of A Midsummer Night's Dream and placed it on my desk. I stared down at the remainder of its contents; a few other worn books, random knickknacks of my mother's, some photo albums, my shower bag, an old stuffed animal, my silver pocket knife. I took the shower bag out also, setting it on the dresser, and hesitated in front of the open suitcase. Slowly, I looked up and out of the window. It was a delicate, peaceful view into Charlie's small backyard, sitting on the edge of the forest. Little bits of snow clung to the branches of the thick pine trees, and brown dead leaves covered the forest floor. The rain was pouring down the glass, and I could hear nothing but the faint sound of Renee's and Charlie's voices downstairs. It was too quiet. I sighed, took out my pocket knife, slipped it into my pillowcase, and locked my suitcase before sitting down on the bed. I knew Renee would be telling Charlie things about me, things that had happened in my past, and I had no desire to listen to the story. I closed my eyes, and concentrated on the pattering of the rain against the siding of the house. . . . . . Renee called for me almost an hour later, and I went downstairs and joined them in a small kitchen. There was a round wooden table in the middle of the room with three mismatched chairs. I sat in the one empty one, and noted that it matched the one in my bedroom. The one in my room was in a little bit better of shape, and I wondered idly if he had purposely put the nicest one in my room. Renee sat with us for about two hours, talking as little as possible and watching me as Charlie engaged me in small talk. He told me a bit about himself; he was the Chief of Police in the small town of Forks, never married and didn't have any kids. He had lived here his entire life, liked watching sports games and fishing. He asked me about my hobbies, what types of food I liked, what my favourite movies were and all sorts of easy questions. I had never been good at making polite conversation, but I got the feeling that he wasn't either, and was trying very hard. So I tried my best to keep up my end and make it easier on him. When six rolled around, and the sky had begun to darken, Renee cleared her throat and my stomach clenched. "Well I think you two are going to be just fine, so I better get on the road. It's a bit of a drive back to Seattle." Charlie and I both stood up quickly, at the exact same time, and Renee gave us a strange smile. We both walked with her to the front door. She buttoned up her pea coat and gave me a smile that was so loving it made my heart clench. I ignored the stinging sensation in my eyes again, but knew that she saw it. She was so perceptive with me. She pulled me into a tight hug, and I squeezed back almost desperately. "You'll be fine, I promise," she whispered before pulling away. "Well, I'll see you both again next Saturday, and you both have my number." She gave me a meaningful look as she said that, and I nodded in understanding. "Drive safely, there are a lot of deer around here," Charlie said as she ran down the short path to her car through the rain. We watched her pull away, waving good bye, and stood in the doorway silently for a long, awkward moment. "You want some pizza? I'm not much of a cook," he admitted shyly, breaking the silence. "Sure,