Summary:The War is over, but the Ringbearer still suffers from deep scars. An unexpected accident provides a possible solution, but is it really a remedy, or just another wound? Disclaimer: I would claim that Lord of the Rings is mine, but King Elessar has informed me that "LotR answers to Tolkien alone. It has no other master!" So, sadly, it's not mine. It may be a little while before I can update this, because 1) I'm going away to camp and won't get back until July 10, and 2) My computer is finally going to its eternal home...lol. It's an ancient Macintosh, and for the last couple days it's been extremely laggy and has frozen frequently. So, I may have to get a new one before I can write more... Chapter One Chasms of darkness. Chasms filled with flames. They scorched him, licking at his flesh hungrily, leaping and dancing about him like edacious predators encircling their prey. And there, in the shadows beyond the flames...he saw it. An Eye, its flames much more intense, more excruciating, than these small flares. It pierced his flesh, seeing through him, into him, crushing and devouring him. The agony was intolerable, indescribable, could not be borne by any Being, mortal or immortal. But the Eye continued to glare at him, tearing and dismembering him with just a Look, rending his mind and making his spirit cower. It called out to him mockingly, "And you thought you could destroy Me, halfling. You were wrong, for it is you that has been destroyed." It laughed, a horrible sound filled with thousands of years of accumulated malice, hatred, and evil. "You cannot hide from Me, for I will always be a part of you you, Frodo Baggins... Frodo...Frodo...Frodo..." "Frodo! Frodo!" With a gasp, Frodo sat up suddenly in his bed, a sheen of sweat glistening on his clammy forehead, his azure eyes wide with terror. His face was covered with a frenzy of panic, and every one of his limbs was shaking violently. The bedsheets were tangled and twisted about his legs, evidence of his attempt to escape from the horror of his memories. He felt hot and cold at the same time, as though the flames still lingering in his mind were in contention with the night chill of the stone room. Still petrified, he glanced over at the doorway, where Sam came rushing in. "Frodo!" He stopped upon seeing his master safe in bed, a look of first relief, then sorrow, crossing his round face. "Oh, Mr. Frodo. Another nightmare, was it?" Cautiously stepping over to the bed, he peered at his friend worriedly. "It wasn't as bad as the last one, was it?" Frodo ducked his head and and nodded slightly, not looking at Sam. "I'm sorry I woke you," he said in a small voice that hitched with each tremor passing through his still gaunt body. Sam sighed. "You know I don't mind none, Mr. Frodo. No, I'm the one who's sorry," he said. He sat on the bed, taking the trembling Frodo in his arms, soothingly rocking him back and forth. "Do you want to talk about it?" he asked gently. Frodo jerked his head from side to side vehemently, then softly began to cry. "Why can't I let it go, Sam? Why can't I be happy again, like you?" he murmured brokenly. "Why can't I just forget?" He buried his head into Sam's shoulder, the locks of their heads curling together there in a peculiar intermingling of gold and darkness. Sam didn't reply to Frodo's query, just lay down on the bed, the elder hobbit still in his arms. He stroked the forehead of his distraught friend, using his other hand to arrange the sheets and blankets in a more orderly fashion, all the while humming a soothing lullaby that Bilbo had written many years ago. Finally, an exhausted Frodo fell back to sleep, tear tracks still visible on his cheeks in the pale moonlight permeating the room. Sam ceased his humming, resting quietly. Inside, though, he was in turmoil. Why couldn't Frodo have some peace of mind? Why couldn't he let go of his pain? After all he had done, after all he had sacrificed, after the complete and utter agony he had endured, couldn't he be allowed just a little respite? Just a little happiness? What kind of Creator would do this to a Being who had done his utmost in the service of Light? And it hurt worse than anything knowing that he himself could do nothing to help his master, could do nothing to aid the friend dearer to him than his own life. Sam laid his head down wearily and cried himself to sleep. ----------------------- The four hobbits sat together at the small wooden table, quietly finishing their breakfast. Frodo and Sam were still bleary-eyed and subdued from the occurrences of the night before. Merry and Pippin, sensing this, were also more subdued and taciturn than was their wont. Since the day he had awakened in Ithilien, Frodo had gradually been having more and more nightmares, so that now he rarely slept enough. Nonetheless, he persistently and stubbornly refused to allow any of his friends save Sam to aid him after a frightening dream, despite their remonstrances and pleadings. More often than not, lately, he resisted even Sam's attempts at comfort. This was not the only matter of concern, however. The hobbit's nightmares were not restricted to slumber alone. With the passing of time, the dreams that hindered his evening rest continually invaded his daytime hours, abusing his spirit further and driving him deeper into the shadows that constantly threatened to consume his mind utterly. His friends were deeply worried about him, but all their offerings of succor went unheeded or wholly rejected. It seemed there was nothing they could do to correct the situation, no way for them to drag him out of the dark pit into which he was inexorably sinking. Merry and Pippin were unhappily aware of these facts, and their sorrow increased with the knowledge that they themselves contributed to Frodo's grief. Sam had admitted to them that one of their cousin's most heartfelt regrets was his inability to shield his two young friends from the horrors of war and the loss of innocence. Merry and Pippin could see this truth reflected in Frodo's eyes every time he looked at them. Consequently, they often found themselves unsure of what to say in his presence. Should they discard their heightened maturity just because this maturity was purchased with pain? Should they feign the unblemished innocence that was no longer theirs? Or should they display their newly acquired adulthood, even if it caused their cousin sadness? At least such would not be a lie. Constant exuberance seemed to come naturally to Pippin, so he frequently chose a route of levity when Frodo needed to be cheered up. Still, the thoughtfulness that now underlaid his actions and words often came to the fore. Merry, as well, had acquired an obvious sense of solemnity through the months of the Quest. Their mental and spiritual growth could not be denied. While it was true that their innocence had been compromised, they had yet retained their pristine joy in life. Still, Frodo tended to see all their experiences in a negative light, despite the many positive results. Merry glanced at Sam, clearing his throat. "Warm day today, isn't it?" He winced inwardly. He hated making small talk at times like this, yet he didn't know what else he could do. It was like walking on stones across a wild, powerful river: one small misstep, and everything could fall apart. Sam nodded in response to Merry's observation. "It surely is. Warmer that any other day this week so far. Wouldn't you say so, Mr. Frodo?" He looked at his dark-haired friend, who was pushing the food around in circles on his plate. Frodo stirred and glanced up at Sam, vague confusion in his red-rimmed eyes. His thoughts had clearly been someplace far away from the conversation. "What...?" He shook his head to clear it and tried to smile at the gardener. "Sorry, Sam. I suppose I'm still a little tired." Sam, Merry, and Pippin glanced at each other anxiously. "You'll wake up if you eat your food instead of playing with it, me dear," Sam said gently, both compassion and resolution evident in his tone. Frodo sighed, almost inaudibly. "I'm afraid I'm not very hungry today, Sam." You're never hungry anymore, the gardener thought, allowing some of the bitterness of the previous night to creep back into his mind. Aloud, though he merely replied, "That's all right. Maybe at elevenses..." The hobbits looked up as Gandalf entered the room. They were staying with him and the rest of the Fellowship, excepting Aragorn, in a small but comfortable guest house on Minas Tirith's sixth circle. Gandalf smiled at the four in greeting, casting a furtive glance at Frodo under his long, snowy eyebrows. He had overheard Frodo's nightmare and had looked in on the hobbit and his companion after they had both fallen asleep. He, like the rest of the Fellowship, was very concerned for Frodo, and his concern was tinged with a sense of responsibility; for hadn't he sent the hobbit on the quest which had nearly destroyed him? Hadn't he allowed one he loved as a son to depart on a mission that the wizard had known would quite possibly lead to a torturous death? Guilt weighed on Gandalf heavily, and he often found it difficult to look his young friend in the eye. He tried to conceal his remorse around others, though, especially the hobbits. They did not need the added burden of another's regret. Clearing his throat, the wizard made an effort to be cheerful. "How are you this morning, my lads?" he asked. He glanced at Pippin. "Are you keeping yourself in order this morning, young Peregrin?" Gandalf suppressed a rueful chuckle. He had become inordinately fond of the ridiculous, incorrigible Took. Pippin smiled brightly at Gandalf. "Of course! When have you ever known me to do otherwise?" The wizard rolled his eyes at this. "Are we finally going to be able to take Frodo and Sam on their tour of Minas Tirith today?" Merry questioned Gandalf. The two ringbearers had scarcely been able to see anything of the city thus far; Aragorn had forbidden any unnecessary walking, as the gashes and burns on the hobbits' feet were still in the healing process. The previous day, though, he had declared Frodo and Sam fit to go on an expedition, saying with a smile that "it would not do to suppress the curiosity of hobbits any longer than necessary." "Yes, I think we may do just that, if Frodo and Sam are feeling well enough." The wizard cast an inquisitive glance at the two. Sam nodded slightly. "Aye, I feel well enough, and it's a right fine day, Mr. Gandalf. It's about time we saw the city, too." And it will do Mr. Frodo good if he can distract hisself from his thoughts for a while. Frodo nodded as well, taking a deep breath. "Of course, why not?" He smiled tensely, an expression wholly destitute of any true happiness. The hearts of the four watching him broke just a little more at this, as they did every time they beheld a smile on his lips coupled with the near despair manifest in his eyes. Gandalf recovered first. "Well, then. We will be departing soon after luncheon, for I believe Aragorn will wish to join us, and his duties are keeping him quite occupied this morning." "Are Legolas and Gimli coming as well?" Pippin asked hopefully. "No, they withdrew from the city early this morning and will not return until nightfall. They went to meet an embassy from Legolas's people, " the wizard replied, gesturing in the general direction of Mirkwood with his hand. Pippin looked