I do not own The Hunger Games All rights to the brilliant Suzanne Collins I hope you enjoy CHAPTER ONE A Hunter Gray light spills into my room through the blinds. My eyelids are still heavy with sleep, but I know no more will come my way no matter how tightly I shut the blinds, no matter how long I let myself lie here. Not today. I drag myself out of bed and into the bathroom, splashing cool water on my face. It calms me. I don't linger in the mirror, but a quick glance lets me see the bags under my eyes. Sleep is always difficult this time of the year. More so for me than most other kids in District 7, but complaining about that will get me nowhere. I quickly dress in my usual attire: simple shirt, cargo pants, boots, and my well-worn jacket. It's made of mossy green fabric material. It feels light without its inner lining. But it's practically summer so I have no use for it right now. I don't really need the jacket itself but it makes me feel safer somehow. As if a jacket could protect from what is to come today. I tie my hair up before creeping out of the house. There is no need to take sleep away from my mother or my depressed aunt, especially taking into account how hard and emotionally- taxing today will be for them. Today is reaping day here in the nation of Panem. Panem was what became of the place once known as North America, divided into 13 districts, each contributing a different good for the country. But there was an uprising, the Dark Days, when the districts rebelled against the pristine Capitol. But they were defeated, the thirteenth district was destroyed, and we were left with the punishment of the Hunger Games. 24 kids, one boy and one girl from each district, aged 12-18 are reaped from a bowl of names and sent to the Capitol as tributes to participate. They are cleaned up, fed, and basically trained before they are thrown into an arena to fight to the death until there is one tribute left. This is all televised and broadcasted for the people of Panem to enjoy, of course. I live in the 7th district. We produce mainly lumber, but we have factories that make tree-based items, like paper, as well. I've never seen the few factories in person. They are supposedly placed in the west-central part of the district. I live in the most eastern corner of 7, which stretches across the northern part of the country. Fortunately, our little slightly run down town square where the reapings take place is near my home. There are nicer ones throughout the district since it has expanded and developed, but the first reaping took place in that square, and so the rest do. Some kids have to take a train to reach the square. As a result many of the parents are left behind to watch the horror unfold on the screens in their homes, as their children are picked and sent off to their death. I remember seeing a frail dark-haired woman being ushered into the Justice Building after one reaping. Her face was red, her eyes were puffy, and her wails could be heard ringing throughout the empty square. Her and her late husband's only son had been reaped and she had to take a train to the square in order to see him off. She was only left with barely a moment to say goodbye. I remember seeing the boy get shot out of a tree, screaming as he fell. The arrow had only hit his leg, but he hadn't managed a weapon. The District 1 girl had a smile on her face while she finished him off. He was 12. I close the door gently behind me and creep around the side of the house. It is relatively small but quite cute, tucked away and surrounded by wood. Everything in District 7 is, but I live closer than anyone to the fence. It's obscured by trees from afar but it can't be more than a kilometer away. I am grateful for my location, under the looming trees and it's far enough away from the square to be quite peaceful. I walk a few paces to an old warped tree. I scale it until I am about 10 ft up, then I reach down into the hollowed crook of two branches. My hands find the smooth curved surface of my bow. It seems like an unusual weapon for a girl from District 7, but it was easier to use for what I do. I crafted it myself. I sling it over my shoulder, along with a quiver of arrows, and start my trek towards the fence. Sometimes I go barefoot and let the little green sprouts brush against my toes until the brush gets too thick. I can recognize most of them. Every few feet there's usually a maple sapling and the path is dotted with shoots of golden rod and buckthorn. I pass by bushels of raspberries and I pop a few in my mouth. I read about plants in the books at home. It's important I know them if I'm to wander around in the brush. I remember a close encounter I had with a three-leafed plant called poison ivy. The oils cause harsh rashes. When I reach the fence I tuck a loose strand of hair behind my ear and listen carefully. The hum of electricity fills the air. The barbed fence is electrified 24/7. I've always found it fascinating. Why go through so much trouble to keep us in? What is out there? Why does the Capitol care if people run away, they'll surely die off on their own in the wild. They kill 23 children each year, what do they care about extra casualties? I don't really know. I've been out on a rare occasion, maybe 5 or 6 times in total, when I feel brave enough to risk crawling under the high-voltage fence. There is only one noticeable bend in the fence, at the bottom. It leaves a gap a little under 2 ft deep which I've gone through. I wonder how it got there, why they hadn't fixed it, if they know, what got in, or who got out? I'll never know. Today I choose to go under as I do on reaping days. It creates a last chance of freedom, just in case the worst happens. I wonder what would happen in other districts if they'd caught a citizen doing what I am. I would be shot on site, or executed publically. It's such a horrible consequence. I don't know why I do it. Why not stay in the brush? There are just as many animals there, and far fewer threats. I think I do it in spite of the Capitol, but doing things for that reason is not a good habit to get into. I take a deep breath, lying back-down on the ground, and begin to push myself under head-first. The electric buzz grows louder as I move under, it's a terrifying rush. Nevertheless I clear the fence, stand up, and brush myself off. For a fleeting moment I have a fear in the pit of my stomach, that I won't be able to make it back through. But maybe that wouldn't be such a bad thing. The forest is my true home. I spend all my free time in it. The trees carry the wind, rustling to form a beautiful melody that nothing could ever recreate. Maybe I hate my district's industry a little. How could you ever cut down something so magnificent? I don't work as a lumberjack. Yes, I've been taught to throw an axe around ever since I could walk, but I opted out of that specific job. The children of District 7 have scheduled work days where they take shifts after school, sometimes at different jobs. I work in the tree nursery mainly, planting and caring for saplings, but I also do other things like chopping up excess branches that are then easier to transport. They're used for things like the paper mills and fire wood. Otherwise I work my own little carving business as well. But today, all school and work is cancelled and I am grateful. I climb up a tree until I find a study branch to sit on. Almost every child of District 7 knows how to climb a tree. They encircle and clutter our huge district, so they've become something like a natural playground. In District 7, you're pretty much climbing a tree or chopping it down. I let my legs dangle, quietly humming and fiddling with my knife as I wait for an animal to pass. I cut a chunk of wood off the tree and put it in my pocket, it'll be good for carving. I mumble the words to the songs I'm humming. I don't care if I scare animals away with my voice. I'm not entirely dependent on them. I wouldn't call it hunting. I just occasionally shoot rabbits or birds, to eat or to trade with. Let's just say it's faster than earning money. I've heard distant rumours of actual beyond-the-fence hunting in other districts. I don't know where the rumours come from, or how they travel all the way to my district, but I've heard them. I'm unsure of my opinion on their validity. My hunting started when my father died. I was 10 and there was an incident in the lumber woods. He and two other members of his crew were crushed by a fallen tree. One of his crew members was my aunt's fiancé, hence her depression outward from that day. I was at school when it happened. We were of average wealth at the time. But without my father's income, my mother's clothing business and occasional factory shift could not sustain us well. She used to have fits of rage and sadness, sometimes about my father, sometimes about herself for not working full-time in the lumber industry. She'd scream that she was weak for not choosing the high-paying laborious work. That we were going to run out of money and food and die on the street. All this while my young aunt moved in and locked herself up in her room, away from humanity. She stopped showing up for her work. The fits faded over time and she'd started taking more factory shifts, but even now, 5 years later, I can't help but approach her like a wounded animal, unsure if she will suddenly jerk into aggression. I don't think she will ever forget my face during her rants. At first I would say nothing, I would cry and be afraid, but what more could a 10-year-old do? Then I began trying to calm her or even argue over how she was being foolish. She'd hit me once. Right across the face when I'd tried reasoning with her and I ran out of the house and into the brush while she shouted for me to come back. That she was sorry. It'd almost been a year since the accident. She had been doing better, having not had a fit in so long. I'd huddled up against an oak and cried. We'd once been such a happy fortunate family. My father was the leader of his crew and had made good money. He'd bring home treats at the end of each week. Fancy juice made of fruits I'd never heard of, warm liquid chocolate, or a single decadent pastry – that tasted heavy with butter and would crumble in your hands – that we would all share. But he was humble, never prideful, and I was so grateful for that. But he was gone, and so was my kind mother, my joyful aunt, and my childhood. Needless to say I