Letters AN: I have the odd habit of naming Walburga 'Cygnus', even though it's been pointed out to me on many occasions that it's a man's name and the name of Walburga's brother and grandfather... but yeah. In my head Walburga is Cygnus and I'm not changing it. I can't help it. If this bothers you, don't read this. Also, I would like to point out that I changed the time of her death. I shifted it a few years because it was necessary. Orion is two years younger than Harry, but I thought it'd be better if they're only one year apart, so when Harry enters year 2, Orion enters year 1. I also 'rewrote' Prisoner of Azkaban in this fic, so forget most things about three, because I needed it to give this a happy ending. Sirius is asleep when the first letter comes. He hasn't slept in days—replaying what has happened over and over again—because here, the ground is cold and there's no body next to his. There's no warmth and even being Padfoot isn't enough to help him through the icy night. Night... he doesn't even know what distinguishes Night from Day anymore—there is no sun here, each hour as dark as the next, empty like the previous. He is surprised when he's awakened brutally by an auror knocking against the bars of his cell—prisoners at his block don't get visitors. They don't get letters either. They're outcasts, left to rot. Who would possibly write him? (He has a hope, but won't succumb, because he knows he's ruined the one person that really matters.) At first he wants to be angry—the auror just stands there, and he thinks he's being messed with—until the man sneers, and throws him the envelope. There's no name, but when the smell of the parchment reaches his nostrils, he knows who it's from—and instead of smiling, he cries because he misses him so much it hurts in his chest. (This one is Insanity, because I am still here) I tried sleeping with your pillow yesterday—head down, drowning in your scent—because it hasn't even been a week and I already miss everything about you. Maybe it's not you, but it's at least the idea of you. The idea of not belonging to me but to someone else, and waking up with not my own but someone else's smell. Most of all, hickeys and scratches and bites to set me straight, tell me where I belong—and now where do I belong, if not with you? I tried sleeping on your pillow and I miserably failed—as if that too, now, is something I cannot have. Maybe it's just the faiths trying to tell me you've messed up—you're not right. I know you're not but somehow it's… have I done you wrong? Because I loved you, so very much. And I cared for you when you needed me to—and I wanted you so bad, and with every passing second I loved you more, so much I thought my heart would swell and explode because you made me feel so good. I still don't get how you just… felt like you needed to go and take James and Lily and Peter with you because I wanted you and I loved you and I know we sometimes fought but I never stopped caring and how is it fair that you could just leave? I will never forgive you. How did I do you wrong? I love you still, Remus He doesn't know what to do, it hurts so much, so much somuchsomuchsomuch , he rolls himself into a ball, hugs the letter to his chest and prays— prayspraysprays —to whoever will listen that Remus does not, does never, stop loving him. That he will get his chance to escape, that he will find a way to tell Remus that he was not it— fightformeRemus —he wants to fight now, but realises it's too late. He blames himself for forgetting Remus was worth fighting for. It hurts too much. The second letter comes much, much later. It has almost been half a year, but Sirius doesn't know that—time blends together here, after a while. It is the Minister this time. Sirius is sure now, that Dumbledore is the one making sure the letters get through, yet he knows it will be Remus' handwriting—Remus' scent tainted on the paper, and if he tries hard enough, brushes his lips over the parchment, he can imagine what Remus used to taste like. It is the only thing that keeps him sane. (This is Unplaced – why now?) I hate you for leaving this behind. I've wanted this ever since you told me that our baby would be the most beautiful baby by far. I hate you for making me want it—I hate you because we couldn't have it when you were still here, and right on our verge of happiness you had to screw it all over. I wanted to tell you but then you killed Peter and James and Lily and I didn't want it anymore. I tried to ignore that it was there. My mother told me I should get rid of it—she said I shouldn't keep it because it was yours. Somehow she doesn't understand that going from loving you to not loving you is not just a button I can push. It's not just a mechanism to turn. I can't just stop. This is one of the things I've always seen myself doing—having a family, getting old and buying a house. You took that dream from me. You ruined it beyond repair, but this, this is something I can keep. This is somehow a mixed blessing because everyone is telling me I have to quit you—this is my way out. I cannot have you, but live with you every day. I can hate you but love you, because of him. I can see you in his eyes, and when he grows up and does something incredibly stupid, or use puppy dog eyes to win me over, I will think of you. I love him for being you and I combined and I know you don't care but it's what I hold on to when the darkness closes in on me. The idea of you, not a breath away. I want you so bad it hurts. I hate you. At first, I seriously debated whether or not I should keep it. I wasn't sure I should have this with you, either way. Did I still deserve this gift you'd left me? I was afraid that I wouldn't love him because of you. I was afraid you'd filled me with so much hate the mere sight of him would repulse me. You've left me empty, and he's what I need to be whole again. I wasn't sure I even wanted him. When I fell down a flight of stairs and was told I may lose him—that was one hell of a button to be pushed. I cried for hours, the insecurity drove me mad because suddenly I realized I wanted him so damn bad, but I was afraid to have him—I cried for hours and hours, because I wanted him, I wanted him, I never not wanted him and I wanted him and…—I was afraid that when he grew up and looked just like you, he would leave me like you did. He would hurt me like you did. He would be wrong like you are. But then I realized that I did not make you into what you are Sirius. I did not make you into a murderer. I don't know how you think of me, how you feel for me—have you ever felt for me? I know that eight months is not enough to make me stop loving you, and I'm a fool for admitting it, but there you have it. I hope this gives you a strange satisfaction, when you lie there by yourself in your cold cell. You've played me well Sirius Black, you have me good. I hope you know that even though I love you, even now, I will see to it that every single one of your Death Eater friends get to live their life beside you, in between four black walls and a dark ceiling. I will never forgive you. Why did you do me wrong? Though I love you still, Remus He begs the Minister to give him a piece of parchment, anything—it doesn't have to be big, just big enough for seven little words, ' I love you, send me a picture '—but the man is not in a good mood and gives a small scrap of paper to the cell next door. Sirius wants to say something, but he manages to resist—it wouldn't make a difference, he thinks, and so he crawls back into his corner. He thinks he doesn't want to cry, but it's hard, and hey, what else can he do? There is no word for a couple of years—but again, Sirius does not know this. The time blurs, and for him it feels like one endless night, and when he sees the small slip of yellowish paper in the auror's pocket, he hopes with all his heart it will be his. (Love—because it runs deep) He woke up crying yesterday, and asked my why grandma hates him so much. He tells me she says that his father is bad and evil and vermin—he tells me people look at him and wish he won't grow up to be like his father, because nothing good ever came from him. It happens often, you know. There aren't many people that know he's yours, but those that do, loathe him for it—like I feared I would, but how could I? I tell him not to listen to what they say. I tell him you're a good man. I wonder if I'm lying. I wonder if he knows I'm unsure. Now that he notices that we miss something in our family, he starts to wonder what he's ever done wrong. He thinks he doesn't deserve you—and I don't know how to explain. I love you. I cannot teach him to hate you. You know, the thought of isolating him struck me once—really briefly too, and I've decided to move. Sirius, I love our house. But our house is our house, and all these years it has been taunting me, reminding me of everything that isn't there anymore. I wish this is me moving on, but it's not, because I'm weak. You made me weak—I want to tell you I've forgotten but I haven't. I love you still, so unbearably much. I wish it'd go away. We're by the countryside now, and it's nice here. Sometimes I pretend that when you come back to me, you'll like it here—gloat all you want for this, because I'll say it again: I want you back. I want you here and warm and safe. And I don't care right now, that you've tossed out the letter by now, because I love you. I just... don't want to believe that I never made you feel. I took your pillow with me. It doesn't smell of you. You haven't left an imprint. But there's a small spot of blood from when you hit your head against the chandelier and I remember that and somehow, a small part of you is close. Sometimes he sleeps in my bed, because he's fragile and small and scared. He's brave too, but not when we're at home—when he has to face the world, he's the bravest of them all, and he kicks and bites and fights—but when he's with me and he knows he doesn't have to pretend he's scared and needy. He always brings his own pillow, as if he knows you're here. He sleeps where his place would be, if you were there too—always in the middle, never on your side of the bed. Do you remember when