Hey, guys! My very first story on FanFiction! Please R&R! And I do hope you like it! Chapter 1 right now, trying to write Chapter 2 as fast as I can. Chapter 1 The new-comer "How old will he be?" I asked her, staring at her passed my own reflection. "25… if I remember correctly." Mum replied, sewing the hole in my dress. "Oh, Ma!" I exclaimed, "I should know! After all, he is my best friend!" I froze instantly, as I heard the knocking at the door. "That'll be Master Peregrin, Petal." Mum said, grinning. I sped towards the door, opening it and seeing Peregrin Took standing there, beaming at me. "Pippin!" I found myself lost for words. "I – you – wha – Happy Birthday!" Pippin cocked his head to one side and beamed at me. "Thank you, Pet. But – I can't believe it, Pet – you remembered this time!" "Yes!" I lied, hoping Pippin, my bestest friend, wouldn't see my blush of guilt. I allowed Pippin inside, and that was when I began to look at his clothing. He was dressed out of his usual, which were his dirty brown dungers and a rubbish excuse for a top. Well, he was wearing the cleanest, white t-shirt that I had ever seen anybody wear and blue bottoms. "I know I look …. Odd." Pippin said, seeing my face. "But Ma-" "Save your breath. Ma's do it all the time." We entered my own bedroom, which I had forgotten to tidy – again. Pippin hopped over my other ripped dress, and smiled at the drawing on the shelf. It was Pippin, Merry and I, when we were about 15, smoking a pipe in the meadow. "That was ages ago." I said, sighing. "Who drew it again? Was it Mr. Bilbo?" "No, it was his nephew." "Who?" "Do you not remember him? Thick, dark hair, light eyes, cheery grin." "I can't remember him because he must have been before my accident." I sighed, gingerly stroking the dark, sickly green bruise on my head. "Well," Pippin grinned, "at least you remember us." "Thank God." I let out a quick laugh before starting a new topic. "You are having a birthday party, aren't you?" "Yes, and you are at the top of my list." "Merry's second?" "Oh," Pippin mumbled, looking away from me, looking somewhat ashamed. "He's third actually." "What?" I asked, almost astonished. I, or Merry were either second or top on his inviting-guests-list, birthday party list and others. "Whoever else could be second?" "Someone." Pippin said quickly. "Nothing to worry about. You know him, or at least you did before he left. But he's coming back." "Oh." That's very unusual indeed. Pippin's a troublemaker, like Merry and I, and we're together. The Troublesome Three they called us. Merry is very close to Pippin. Who could steal his place as second? "Petal!" Mum shouted from the hallway. "I've fixed this nasty little hole in your dress-" "Don't you mean big hole?" I grinned, skidding out of my room and snatching the dress. Quickly, before Pippin can come, I tore off my old rags and put on my dress when I use outside. "Does this mean we can go to my Hobbit-hole to meet Merry?" Pippin stood by the front door. I smiled as I walked towards him and squeezed his hand. "Yes. Let's go." We escaped my Hobbit-Hole. I glimpsed at the close sun, which was shining over the Shire. The green door shone brightly as I closed it behind me. Pippin exhaled loudly before we left my garden, and set off, towards the town, to Peregrin Took's Hobbit-hole. I took another breath of the fresh air in Hobbiton. It's all the same. The long grass blowing in the zephyr, children playing in the meadows, farmers laughing as they sew new seeds on picked crop. I smiled as I knew how lucky I was to have a really good friend, well, two. I only have two friends. "Pet! Pip!" a voice called behind us. I spun around, seeing Meriadoc Brandybuck, walking towards us, his hands in his working trouser pockets and a pipe in his grinning mouth. "Hey, Merry!" Pippin said cheerily. Merry and Pippin were almost never separated. They've always been at each other's sides, well…. When it came to the times they were bullied in school or should I say when Pip was bullied in school, Merry was always there to help him, and threaten the bullies. Merry was the bravest Hobbit I knew. Apart from Mr. Bilbo up at Bag End. I couldn't recall the other Hobbit who was sometimes with them. Brown hair, light eyes and a very jolly demeanour…. I didn't remember his name but who cared? I didn't think he ever played with me. We entered Pippin's bright, lively Hobbit-hole, full with the Took's. Pip's Mum, Eglantine, winked at me when I passed her. I knew that Pearl, Pippin's eldest sister wasn't there because she was forty, over the age to be able to live by herself. Pervinca was still living with her family, and didn't seem too pleased about it. I passed her and she glared at me, as though it was my fault that she was doing the house-chores. Peregrin is the youngest in his family, the only male, apart from his father, Paladin. "Well," Merry said, surveying the house quickly. "We need to give this place a scour for your party, Pip." I organised the decorations because apparently being the 'girl' of the Troublesome Three, I was responsible for these things. Pip was in charge of music. He didn't do much apart from run outside like a madman towards the pub to find a sturdy band for the party. While Merry and I were alone I whispered, "Do you think Eglantine would mind if we trashed her house?" "So, you can't remember Pip's twelfth birthday, eh? Eglantine went out for two minutes, and Pip and I were already in the kitchen, tipping over every table with edible items and you and Frodo were running amock-" "Frodo?" I asked aloud. "Who's Frodo?" "I – well -" Merry stammered, blushing terribly. He laughed quickly to cover his embarrassment before Pippin came back in, looking very pleased with himself. He looked suspiciously at Merry when he suddenly walked away from me when Pip entered, especially when Merry was blushing to the roots of his hair. "Got the band sorted?" I asked. "What's up with Merry?" Pippin asked quietly, hoping Merry wouldn't drop some eaves. "Nothing. He just said something about someone and I asked him who that person was-" "Who did he say about?" Pippin spoke sharply, seeing Merry across the room and glaring at him. I looked questionly about him. "Someone called…." I stopped speaking because I realised I couldn't remember their name. "It was nobody, Pip." Merry said heatedly, not facing us. "It's just a figment of her imagination. She does suffer from brain damage, y'know." "Brain damage, not ear damage." I spat at Merry. "I can still hear your insults. It wasn't my fault that that accident happened." And with that final retort, I faced my back towards Merry and stalked towards the other side of the room. I didn't know what to think. I was feeling fuming at Merry, for saying those awful words. Goodness knows what he spoke to Pippin when I was not there with them. "Pet," Pippin said quietly. He gently placed his hands on my shoulders, facing me towards him as he knelt down on one knee with a small smile on his face. He brushed the tears that I just noticed were creeping down my face, off me. "There's no need to be upset." "I'm not upset," I said, "I'm angry. I'm angry at that – that Hobbit – who I call my friend !" "That Hobbit ," a noise came angrily from the other side of the room, "has got hearing and can hear every little breath you breathe and word you utter." "Shut up, Merry." I glared at him, looking over Pippin's honey-coloured hair. Pippin smirked, trying to fight off a laugh, but stopped suddenly and startled when he saw me slump onto the ground and burst into tears. "Stop it!" he said, alarm and fear taking over him. He had never seen me cry before. "Don't cry!" "I'm not crying!" I wept, brushing away the tears on my cheeks but they were merely being replaced. I suddenly pulled out my fist and hit my own face. I laughed with anger, unhappiness, pain and a hint of real joy when I saw Peregrin's really confused and scared face. I got onto my feet as I pulled Pippin up onto his too and I hugged him fiercely. "What's with the sudden affection?" I withdrew from him and then kissed his forehead. He froze – actually, he froze – as I smiled and raced over to Merry, looking as though he would rather be somewhere else. After hugging him and kissing his forehead too, I narrowed my eyes suddenly but a smile crept on my lips. "Uh… Pet?" Merry asked, his anger dematerializing. "Are you sure are you alright?" "No!" I shouted, not with anger but with happiness. "I've never been alright! Because of that damn accident! I can't even remember what happened! I want to remember everything that has happened to me!" I shook my head violently before I finished the decorating. Merry finished off the food and Pippin admired my banner with the crimson words of 'Happy Birthday, Peregrin Took!' Dusting off my hands, I stood back and smiled at my work. Merry gazed at Pippin and Pippin smiled at me. "Finished." I announced, "Finally. Three long hours. What is the time now? Oh my goodness! We've missed second breakfast!" "Let's have it now then." Merry said, "After all, we deserve it." I turned towards my friends and stopped smiling when I saw Merry's horror-expression face. "Pippin!" Merry said, in a low and slow voice. "We forgot!" Pippin gasped and groaned but took off his indoor jacket before opening the door and gesturing me outside. "So," I panted, trying desperately to keep up with my best friend, who was struggling to keep up with Merry. "Why are we going to the Green Dragon ?" They didn't answer, of course, Merry didn't hear me and Pippin was out of breath. "Wait!" I shouted helplessly. The Green Dragon is a cosy pub, the only pub in Hobbiton that I've ever been to. Only Hobbits enter it because of the low ceilings and small chairs. Half-pints are the only sizes of beer available. Is it a little too late to introduce myself? My memory hasn't still fully returned, even after years and years. I'm Petal. Or Pet, whatever you prefer. I don't really have a second name. That is if my family could remember it. I did have the best memory in family, before the accident… But I'm Pet. People call me Pet Took. Friends say that because Pip and I are so alike: we're often mistaken as each other. Pip's like a brother to me. Other folk, normally the not-so-keen-on-us-ones call me Petal Took because I love Pippin. Let me tell you that I had not given my heart to anyone. I did one day, but not then. But I was still in my Tweens. I have curly and thick (most Hobbits do) honey-coloured hair. I have quite dark eyes and big ears. The problem is – so does Pippin. Nobody could ever tell the difference between us before when I turned twenty. We wore similar clothes and we did things together. Twenty was the time the bruise came. The bruise came when the accident happened. You're probably thinking "What the hell was the accident because she keeps talking about it ?" I'm telling you the truth of this. I remember walking with Merry: Pip was somehow not there, I can't remember why. We were