Hey guys, I'm finally back with a new story (which doesn't mean I have forgotten about my other one haha)! Thanks to tumblr, I've been somewhat obsessed with Colin Creevey lately and I think he deserves some much needed love, don't you agree? This story will be kinda slow-burn(ish), so bear with me, please. Harry will also have a much bigger role in the later chapters, but let's keep it at that for the time being. DISCLAIMER: I only own my OCs. Any characters and places you do recognise belong to the wonderful J. K. Rowling. Chapter 1: The Sorting Ceremony "You know, I bet aunt Cecil will cut you out of her will if you get sorted into Slytherin." Evie Diggory's bright grey eyes looked up from the breakfast she had barely touched so far to stare indignantly into her brother's eyes, which had the exact same shape and colour like her own. Cedric smirked and leaned back on his rear chair legs, one arm resting on its back while the other snatched a sliced tomato from Evie's plate. "Got you!" he laughed and stole another tomato while Evie's frown deepened and she scowled at her older brother. "That's not even funny and you know it," Evie snapped and straightened up in her chair. "Besides, mum and dad both got sorted into Ravenclaw back in the day, so I probably will be, too." "Well, I didn't," Cedric said and shrugged, but his eyes were shining brightly when he turned his head to look at Evie, "so anything's possible." Evie opened her mouth to retort, but their mother rushed into the kitchen at the exact same moment to put the apron she had been wearing back into one of the drawers near the sink. She had auburn hair that barely touched her shoulders and the same bright grey eyes as the ones that were now looking at her with undivided attention. Evie had inherited her mother's hair colour, though she kept her hair slightly longer than her mother. Cedric, on the other hand, was sporting the same dark brown hair and tall figure like their father, Amos. Evie was quite short for her age, and often looked at her brother's height with envy. "Stop bickering, you two," Mrs Diggory chided the siblings and began to clear the table, obviously ignoring that Evie was too nervous to ingest more than a glass of orange juice. "And Cedric, four to the floor! Your father is already waiting outside with the luggage." Cedric rolled his eyes and let his chair fall back on to all four legs with a loud bang. He got up and whispered a last "Slytherin" over his shoulder before he left the kitchen with a bright grin to join their father outside. "Don't worry, love," said Mrs Diggory and smiled at Evie with warm eyes. "It won't matter to us which house you'll be sorted into." "It matters to dad ," Evie sighed and got up to help her mother with the rest of the dishes. She had been both worried and excited ever since her letter from Hogwarts had arrived back in May. Her parents and Cedric had been delighted to hear that she'd be attending Hogwarts as well, and Cedric had already placed his bet that Evie would be sorted into Hufflepuff as well even though he often teased her about getting sorted into Slytherin. "I know, mum and dad were Ravenclaws, but I see much more Hufflepuff traits in you – loyal and honest," Cedric had explained on her eleventh birthday, followed by a chuckled "though, you're not very patient, are you?", for which Evie had softly pinched his arm. Indeed, she wasn't a patient person, unlike her mother and brother. Even though they were born four years apart and were often bickering with one another, Evie and Cedric had been very close ever since Evie's birth. Cedric was a proud older brother and fiercely protective of his sister, and he had let Evie in on so many Hogwarts facts and secrets over the years that Evie felt as if she'd already been to the school herself. However, although Cedric was usually quite impartial, he couldn't hide his dislike for the Slytherins – a dislike which he strongly shared with their father. "In my opinion, it's no wonder that You-Know-Who's followers have all been in Slytherin, these bloody pure-blood fanatics," Amos Diggory had grumbled one day while reading the Daily Prophet to which Cedric had just nodded, while their mother had added a "Amos, shush!". Evie had just looked at her father with big eyes and bit her lip when she thought about what her father would say if she ever returned home with a green scarf wrapped around her neck. In the end, she knew it wasn't that big of a deal, but still ... "Come on, love, we have to hurry." Mrs Diggory broke Evie's train of thought when she began to hustle her out of the kitchen and into the entrance hall where Cedric was already tying his shoes. "What's up with the frown, Evie? You should be excited!" Mr Diggory beamed at his daughter as he stepped back inside to grab his jacket. "You're going to have the time of your life at Hogwarts." "Evie's worried that she'll get sorted into Slytherin," said Cedric nonchalantly, winking at Evie. "And that she won't make any friends, though I bet she will." "Nonsense!" their father bellowed and hugged Evie to his side. "I heard Arthur Weasley's youngest child is attending her first year as well. What's her name again, darling?" he added and looked at his wife. "Ginevra, I believe," said Mrs Diggory. She kissed both Cedric and Evie on the cheek, and then ushered them all out the door. Evie turned around and looked at their house one last time. All her life she'd been living in Ottery St Catchpole, and even though it was only a small town, nothing special, she'd probably fiercely miss it. "You really don't want to sit with us?" Cedric asked one last time after they'd boarded the Hogwarts Express and Evie had settled into an empty compartment, all by herself. Cedric's friends had already spotted him on the platform and were now urging him to join them in their compartment. One of Cedric's friends, a boy with a buzz cut and sharp features, was ogling Evie behind her brother's back. "No, it's alright," said Evie, waving her hand. "Besides, I don't want to sit with your fangirls anyway." She smirked at her brother, and Cedric just laughed and ruffled her soft hair. "Okay," he shrugged and stepped out of the compartment, "but you're free to join us, in case you change your mind." Evie just waved at Cedric and he left, leaving the door to her compartment wide open. So this was it. Evie's time at Hogwarts was only a stone's throw away, and she felt excitement bubble up inside her. She stared out the window and at the landscape that had begun to rush by, and promptly decided that the good weather was a good sign. Evie closed her eyes and leaned back in her seat, but a loud bang outside her compartment startled her and she got up to take a peek down the corridor. However, before Evie had even reached the compartment door, two redheads had run past her compartment, laughing shrilly. Someone else cursed loudly, and Evie wrinkled her nose as she suddenly recognised the unmistakeable smell of a dungbomb. Though, before she had the chance to shut the door, another redhead has pushed past her into the compartment, coughing loudly. "I'm SO sorry!" a female voice exclaimed as Evie slammed the door shut and turned around with a frown. A girl had slumped down into the seat Evie had previously occupied, looking up at Evie with bright brown eyes and an apologetic expression. "My brothers wanted to test their new dungbombs, but I told them not to–," she stopped abruptly and extended her small hand, smiling shyly up at Evie. "I'm Ginny Weasley, by the way. First year." Evie raised one eyebrow but smiled softly when she shook Ginny's hand and sat down across from the redhead. She remembered her father's words that a certain Ginevra Weasley would be attending Hogwarts as well. "Evie Diggory," she said and slightly leaned forward. "I'm so glad to have met you or I would've been forced to sit with my brother and his friends." She had a twinkle in her eyes that told Ginny she probably wouldn't have minded that much to sit with her brother. "So, you have an older brother as well?" Ginny concluded, looking at Evie with interest. "Yes, he's already in his fourth year," Evie told Ginny. "What about your brothers?" "Oh, I have six older brothers," Ginny said and laughed at Evie's surprised expression. As their fathers both worked for the Ministry, her father had talked about the Weasleys before, but he had never said much about their children. "Two of my brothers have already graduated," Ginny continued, "the rest of them are all in Gryffindor. I'm so glad to finally be at Hogwarts as well." The two girls continued to talk about their families and their upcoming time at Hogwarts while the sun rose high in the sky and the landscape continued to rush by. Around noon, a plumb witch with a food trolley stopped at their compartment, and Evie and Ginny promptly decided to buy some Chocolate Frogs and a handful of Cauldron Cakes. Evie was immensely glad to have met Ginny so soon or her first ride on the Hogwarts Express would've been pretty dull. She not only found out that Ginny had quite a sweet tooth, too, but that she also was a secret fan of the Holyhead Harpies, something Ginny would never admit in front of her brothers who all supported the Chudley Cannons. "Cedric has always been a fan of Barnton cause of dad," Evie shrugged, nibbling on her Chocolate Frog. "We've been to a few games so far, but Barnton could never win me over." She smiled. Ginny grabbed another Cauldron Cake and was about to say something when the compartment door opened again and a sudden flash went off, blinding both girls. "Bloody hell!" Evie exclaimed and rubbed her eyes, seeing stars. She darkly glared at the young boy who had so suddenly entered and, to her great astonishment and irritation, had taken a picture of the two girls without their permission. Evie's scowl didn't seem to scare the boy off at all, though, and he beamed at them with big eyes, clutching an old camera. He had mousy brown hair and seemed to be quite short for his age. "What," Evie began and got up, "do you think you're doing?" "Taking photos!" the boy answered excitedly and fully stepped into the compartment, ignoring the fact that Evie's question had been rhetorical. He couldn't have been taller than 5'3" as Evie was only slightly shorter than him. "I can see that ," the auburn-haired girl huffed, pointing at the boy's camera. "The question is why do you suddenly come in here, taking photos of us ?" Evie could hear Ginny quietly snickering behind her. "I have to capture every moment for my parents," the boy explained, still smiling down at Evie while he began to ramble. "You see, they're non-magical and were very excited when they heard about me being a wizard. Well, I was pretty excited, too. I never knew all the odd stuff I could do was magic till I got the letter from Hogwarts. Besides, your smile looked pretty and I wanted to capture that." Evie stared at the mousy-haired boy and felt a blush creep onto her cheeks, though he just looked around the compartment as if he hadn't just complimented a complete stranger. Ginny's snickering grew louder when she saw Evie's red cheeks, the boy being totally