Hi! This idea popped into my mind when my mom was driving me to school and they played Dangerous Woman by Ariana Grande on the radio. I know the song is rather romantic, but I changed the lyrics so 1. It might be confusing, I'm not sure, and 2. I don't know where I'm going with this I just wanted to try write a Fanfiction. I hope you enjoy! I don't own Percy Jackson or any other characters and I don't own Dangerous Woman by Ariana Grande, I also don't want to own it because I'd mess everything up. "Mrs. O'Leary, come back! No!" I called after my dog, but it was already too late. She jumped over the fence and into someone's garden. I was about to go and ask the owner if I could go get her, but then she started to rearrange their garden and on instinct I jumped over the fence as well and grabbed her by her collar already on my way back to the street, when someone grabbed me by the collar of my shirt and pushed me into the house. Mrs. O'Leary was left outside alone trying to go after me, while the person, and old ugly, bald and extremely fat man, pushed me further into the house. "I'm really sorry, sir. It's just my dog… she jumped over the fence and I didn't want her ruining yo-" He hissed at me to shut up so I did. The house was big, pretty much a mansion. A beautiful one at that. Everything was clean and in place, except in the living room there were big heaps of t-shirts with Annabeth Chase's, a famous singer's, face on it lying on the couch, many CD's with the same design along with mugs and key chains and other stuff I didn't have time to make out, before the man dragged me upstairs, where it wasn't as clean and nice, opened a door to a dark room and pushed me in. Before I hit the ground face first I heard him lock the door with a click. Hot pain shot through my body and as I touched my forehead I felt something warm and wet. Blood. "My god, are you okay?" A girl asked running to my side. Her voice sounded like a choir of angles singing and really familiar. "Yeah, I'm fine…" My head hurt, there was an annoying ringing in my ears and I felt like I was going to throw up any second. That girl blindly brushed the hair out of my forehead and then put my head in her lap. "I'm sorry this happened." I heard a ripping sound and the next second she's wrapping something around my head. "Thank you." I said when she was finished, trying to sit up only to get pushed back down by her. "Rest." She insisted before putting my head from her lap on something that felt like a sweater or a blanket "I'll go get you some water." I waited until she was back before asking "Why is it so dark in here?" She chuckled and helped me drink the water. "That ugly dude who threw you in here is a crazy bastard." She said it like it was the most obvious thing in the world, but I didn't understand what that had to do with anything. "Oh, okay." There was an awkward silence and when she put my head in her lap again, which was way more comfortable than the blanket or whatever, and started gently stroking my eyebrow with her thumb I couldn't keep the blood from rushing to my cheeks. Luckily it was too dark for her to see me blushing. "Why are you here?" I asked breaking the silence. For a few seconds she froze but then continued stroking my eyebrow again "I'm the maid. This is kind of like my bedroom." I tried to make out her face in the dark but it was too dark. If I held my hand in front of my face I wouldn't be able to see it. I shifted a bit and immediately more pain shot from my head to the tips of my toes and I felt like throwing up. Only did I realize I was falling asleep when that girl gently shook my shoulder telling me to try and stay awake. She had no idea how hard that was at the moment. "What's your name? I'm Percy." She stiffened and stopped stroking my brow "Like… Percy Jackson?" "Yeah, how do you know? Do we know each other?" She let her hands fall to her sides and I already missed her gentle touch "Um… Yes." I waited for her to introduce herself but she said nothing "And… Will you tell me your name?" "I'd rather not." Of course I was disappointed. I wanted to know who that angel was but I wasn't going to force her "Okay, I accept that." She thanked me and again we were left in awkward silence. She didn't seem to be thinking of speaking any time soon so I asked the first question that popped into my head "Is he like an Annabeth Chase fan?" I felt her put her hand on my shoulder rubbing it gently and comfortingly "Something like that… Why do you ask?" "It was kind of hard not to notice all the Annabeth Chase T-Shirts and all." I chuckled but immediately regretted because the next thing I know I'm throwing up all over the floor. She gasped and pulled me to her chest once I was done "Oh my god, are you okay?" I wiped the bile from my mouth and apologized for throwing up in her room. That was awkward but with all the pain I didn't give it much attention. "My sister is a huge fan." I said distracting her "What?" "My sister loves Annabeth Chase. She's obsessed with her." She covered me with the blanket I lay on while she went to get me water and asked "What about you, Percy? Do you like her?" I never thought about it "Hmmm… I don't know. She's a great girl, she's got an awesome voice and her music is really good, but… She seems kind of slutty. She's really nice, she goes to my school you know, but she's always wearing really short shorts or skirts, she's sixteen for god's sake, and her music videos are really… um… unique…" "Oh…" she almost sounded hurt. We were both quiet for a while but then we heard footsteps, she stood up and started banging on the door "Ugliano! Open that fucking door! He needs medical attention!" the footsteps stopped in front of the door but nothing happened "You bastard! He's got a concussion because of you! He could sue you and hopefully you'll rot in prison you bastard!" The door burst open and I got blinded by light. I let out a pained groan but I heard a girly yelp and crash and then I was being yanked up and lead out of the house. I didn't even manage to take a look at the girl before the guy slammed the door in my face. Having to lean on the wall for support, I called my mom and with Mrs. O' Leary we waited until she picked us up and drove me to the hospital. I did have a concussion. The next week on Monday when I came back to school the strangest thing happened. Annabeth Chase, the famous singer, approached me and asked me how I felt. How she knew I had a concussion I didn't know, but I guess famous people have their sources. She seemed nervous but when I told her I was fine she gave me a small smile and ran to the library where she spent most of her time. Although she's famous all over the world she doesn't have many friends. Her only friends, as weird as it is, are my cousins Thalia and her brother Jason. They have some kind of history together but I don't know what kind of. (I exchanged Luke for Jason…) But I didn't blame her. Being famous and all people want to hang out with you for fame and money and not for who you are. Then another strange thing happened. We were in the middle of our French lesson, when the door burst open and the principal followed by some big dude entered the classroom. The first thing I noticed when they entered was how Annabeth, who was in almost all of my classes, sunk deeper into her seat. "Annabeth Chase. Apollo is waiting." The big guy said but she shook her head. "Annabeth." He warned. It took them some time but finally they managed to make her leave. I was happy that the whole thing took about fifteen minutes of out lesson. But Annabeth didn't show up at school for the rest of the week. "Welcome students, to our yearly end of school year talent show!" Everyone applauded and the principal continued "This year we have the honor to have Annabeth Chase personally as our judge." She smiled shyly and waved and the applause was louder than ever. He introduced the other two judges who were our music teacher, Mrs. Euterpe, and the deputy director Chiron. He gave another boring speech about how proud he was of us for making this far, but with the lack of enthusiasm in his voice it was quite hard to believe. And then it started with my friends Connor and Travis Stoll telling horrible jokes, obviously not getting anywhere with it, followed by other students, some I've never seen in my life and some I've talked to once or twice. They were dancing, singing, acting and one was a magician. I almost wished we'd just have normal lessons. Almost . Finally after two hours everyone was done and the headmaster had the results. He opened the envelope "And the winner is… Connor, Travis you can't write your names over the original and expect me to believe it. I can still see the other name." he glared at them but they played innocent "Anyways, without further ado… The winner is Hazel Levesque and her cover of Diamonds by Rihanna. Congratulations!" She got her prize. A bouquet of roses, 100 bucks for school utensils and a photo with the judges and the headmaster. When they were done I was ready to leave but Mr. Dionysus, our headmaster stopped us "Children, we have the honor to first see Mrs. Annabeth Chase's new video and song Dangerous Woman." I watched Annabeth and noticed how her eyes widened. She looked kind of panicked. She went over to Mr. Dionysus and they talked for a few minutes until she stormed out of the room. (I changed some of the lyrics!) The video started with some music playing. It was black and white. It showed Annabeth sitting in the corner of a room. Baggy, grey woolen sweater and white hot pants. Her hair was loose and there were some bruises on her wrists, face and legs, a cut on her cheek, eyebrow and lip. There was broken glass around her, blood stains on the walls and a gun lying next to her on the ground. She had an absent look on her face staring at a spot on the ground in front of her. She looked really beautiful, bit slutty, but I wanted to run to her and hug all her pain away. They showed "Zeus production presents: Dangerous Woman by Annabeth Chase" Then she started to sing in her beautiful voice finally looking into the camera. " Don't need permission Made my decision to test my limits 'Cause it's my business, God as my witness Start what I finished " Some blonde dude came up to her, roughly grabbed her hand and pulled her to her feet. " Don't need no hold up Taking control of this kind of moment I'm locked