A/N: TRIGGER WARNING. THIS STORY CONTAINS DESCRIPTIVE THOUGHTS/ACTS OF SUICIDE AND DEPRESSION. DO NOT READ IF THIS IS UPSETTING. Now, that being said, this is the first thing I've written in years. Let me know how I do. Tears rolled down his face. He couldn't stop them. He didn't want to stop them. He wanted to feel the wetness on his cheeks. He wanted his skin to be irritated by the physical form of emotional pain rolling down his cheeks, resisting the urge to itch his skin and wipe them away. He hated this. He hated himself. He hated everything about himself. Every part of him deserved to be beaten and tortured. Every part of him was cursed; he was cursed to be alone, to never feel loved and for no one to ever love him. He stared angrily at the Styx, watching his reflection twist and distort as the souls within it passed by in the currents, screaming and crying for mercy and freedom. The Styx was the river of hate, and he knew it was feeding into his hatred for himself, but he couldn't care less. He wanted to feel it. He didn't deserve to feel anything besides the hate. What did he have to be proud of? Nothing. He had nothing. No one and nothing. He deserved nothing more than hate. He deserved nothing more than torture. Someone needed to beat him and make him feel as low as low gets with no mercy. He cried harder as thought after self-hating thought crossed his mind. Every now and then, he'd catch himself pleading and praying for someone to find him; to come to him and hold him tightly, tell him he was worth everything to them, that he was loved and they wouldn't let anything bad ever happen to him again. But he threw that out of his mind. No one was coming to save him from himself. No one would ever save him. He was alone. He was destined to be alone. No matter how much he pleaded and prayed and downright screamed for mercy, no one would ever hold him tightly to them. And that's all he wanted. He wanted nothing more than to just be held by someone who swore on the Styx that they loved him. But in order for all that to happen, he'd have to believe in love in the first place. He knew some part of him must believe in it if he wanted it so desperately, but the fact that he hadn't seen it in years...it wavered his faith. He didn't believe in love, and he just couldn't cope with hate. He stared into the crashing currents of the Styx. Each soul screamed his name, calling him into the waters, into his death. He was so tempted. So very tempted. What did he have to live for anyway? A nonexistent love? Hope? Faith? He had none of it anymore. His innocence died six years ago, along with his sister. He put his head in his hands, his body trembling as it was racked with his sobs. He caught himself praying for mercy and relief again, chastising himself in his mind. His hands clenched his hair, pulling tightly as if he was trying to tear it out. In a way, he wanted to. He wanted to feel some kind of physical pain. Physical pain was so easy. There was always some kind of medication or something to relieve it. Emotional pain was different. It was lingering, and built and built on top of itself over weeks, months, years of silent torture. Emotional pain was looked down upon. 'Oh, you got your feelings hurt? Get over it. Forget about it.' Forget about it? Get over it? It hurt. He couldn't just forget. He couldn't just get over it. He could accept it eventually, but he needed help. He needed someone to hold his hand as he learned to accept what had happened. He just didn't have anybody. Nobody wanted to give him the kind of tender love he needed. The tears fell harder, if possible, as he continued his longing stare into the Styx. His body shook as he stood. Controlling the muscles in his legs to walk was near impossible with how much he was shaking. He stood on the edge of the black water. It was peaceful, in a way. A calming feeling fell over him as he thought about how it was almost all over. Whoever said the Styx was an ugly river was wrong. It was beautiful in an eerie way. It's black waters cascaded over itself as it rushed downhill into Tartarus. The ripples this created made a rainbow color on the water to its banks. If there was enough light, the waters looked purple, creating a mystic feeling about it. Nico stared at it more, a dead look of longing in his eyes. All he'd have to do was take a few more steps, and it would be over. No more pain. No more lies. No more condescending words. He was so close to the end, he could feel his own death float through the air. "Nico." A voice said behind him. He gasped, closing his eyes tightly and clenching his fists. Now? Now somebody wanted to say something to him once he finally found his way out? Once he finally found his way of getting peace? Who had the audacity to stop him? He turned, seeing Hades himself standing a bit away, his hands in his pockets. Nico couldn't help the anger that washed through him. Now he wanted to show up? Now he wanted to do something? No. No that was bullshit. He had found a way to get peace; to get away from all the pain, and now Hades was going to show up? "What." Nico said, venom in his voice. He didn't even say it as a question. They both knew what he was about to do. There was no need to wonder why Hades had said his name. There was also no need to face him. If Nico kept his back turned to his father, he could easily take a running leap into the Styx anytime he wanted. He wanted his salvation to stay before his eyes. "What are you doing?" Hades asked. Nico's breath stuttered from the rage that washed through him. What was he doing? Hades knew what he was doing. Why make him say it out loud? To prove some point? What point could that possibly be? Make him feel ashamed? Nico let out a humorless chuckle, tears still streaming from his eyes. He wouldn't feel ashamed for this. This is what he wanted. It was his escape. "You know what I'm doing." He said emotionlessly. He caught himself wondering why he bothered speaking with Hades at all. He could ignore him and make a running leap, ending it all here and now. Maybe a part of him was still holding onto hope; a hope that maybe, just maybe, Hades would help him. "Why?" Hades asked, emotionless himself. Nico was forced to bite his tongue hard enough until he tasted blood. Why? That's what he had to say? Why? He shook again, not knowing if it was from sadness or anger. Why did the simple question evoke such intense feelings from him that he couldn't decipher? Nico didn't know. He couldn't figure it out, so he went with the Freudian way to figure it out. He asked himself the question again, and went with the first thing that popped into his head. It made him so upset because Hades should know why. Hades should know why Nico felt this way. Hades should know why his son wanted to end it all. "Why do you care?" He questioned through his teeth, fighting back whatever emotion it was that he was feeling. He couldn't even identify it himself anymore. "I'm your father." Was Hades' simple answer, as if that explained everything. Nico rolled his eyes, his back still turned. "Since when?" "Since you were conceived." Hades declared, his tone void of any sympathy. That fact made Nico shake more from both anger and sadness yet again, the two emotions seeming to fuel him at the moment. He was sad that, even as he stood on the edge of death, his father felt nothing for him. The fact Hades felt nothing, however, made him angry. All he wanted was a fucking hug. He couldn't just come out and say that. That was awkward and childish. Why couldn't someone just realize he wanted to be held? "Just because you helped to create me doesn't make you my father." He said quietly. His fists were clenched at his sides, tears flowing freely from his eyes as he attempted to sort through his emotions, only to fail. "You haven't earned that title." "I haven't killed you." Hades told him, an eyebrow raised. "Father of the year." Nico rolled his eyes. "And in case you haven't noticed, I wouldn't really care if you did." "I gave you your sword. I fought in that war against Kronos simply because you asked me to help. I haven't killed that Jackson sea-spawn." Hades listed things he'd done for him, and it only made Nico more angry. Every nice thing Hades did every now and then suddenly erased everything negative, and it made Nico furious, because Hades could use those things against Nico when he needed to, which he just had. More tears of frustration escaped Nico's eyes, no matter how bad he tried to stop them. "It doesn't work like that." Nico said quietly. He didn't know how to explain himself. He didn't know how to describe anything. It wouldn't make much of a difference anyway. Hades wouldn't help him the way he needed. The most he'd do is ship him back to Camp Half-Blood, which was the exact opposite of what needed to be done. To Nico, sending him away just meant that nobody wanted to deal with him. Nobody wanted to love him. Thinking that made him want to take a running leap head first into the Styx. What was the point of sticking around if no one wanted him? What was the point if no one loved him? To continue to be a puppet for Olympus? No. Nico wouldn't allow that anymore. "What doesn't work like that? You must explain yourself, child." Hades said, his tone uncharacteristically calm and soothing. That made Nico angry too. Hades should be upset! He should be demanding answers! He should be pulling him away from the Styx's edge and disciplining him for 'scaring him like that'. But no. No, it seems Hades would let him jump, if Nico wanted to. As soon as he did, Hades would simply turn and walk away, never to speak of his gods-awful son again. "I don't know!" Nico said, his anger getting the better of him. "I don't know." He whispered, raising one of his hands to hold it over his heart as the pain became unbearable. He clutched at his chest with it, only to grab a fistful of his own dirty shirt. He knew he was lying. He did know what he wanted, in a sense. He did know what did and didn't work. He just couldn't explain it. He didn't possess the language skills to be able to explain the pain he was in, and what was upsetting him. He could only rely on hope that someone would just understand. Hope, it seemed though, was failing him. Hades watched his son shake and tremble where he stood, clearly attempting to hold back some sort of tsunami of emotion. "Nico," he said gently, hoping not to scare the boy into the river. He had to approach this delicately, and it seemed Nico was only one wrong word away from his goal. "Nico..." Hades said again, trying to find the right words. Nico didn't know what was upsetting him, it seemed.