In the great halls under the Lonely Mountain lived a dragon named Smaug. Smaug was an old and temperamental beast with a particular eye for gold, diamonds, jewels, and other such shiny indicators of wealth and status. It was for that reason that long ago, he had claimed the mountain for himself and sealed the main entrances so that no thieves would be able to take even the slightest amount of his ill begotten gold. As it turned out, he had missed a hidden passage to the mountain the former dwarvan occupants had made, which led to him being visited by a curious hobbit named Bilbo Baggins. It was Smaug who sensed the hobbit first. Although Smaug was an old dragon, he was also one of those strange beings in Middle Earth who had been gifted with immortality and great power to match his pride. It left his senses just as keen as they were when he had first reached adulthood, which let him easily hear the quiet shuffling Bilbo made while tiptoeing around the edges of the great pile of gold that Smaug slept on. "What is this?" Smaug asked, looking around his hoarded gold for the intruder. "I hear footsteps, and those footsteps are too loud to be from rats or birds, even if they are still quite soft. I smell a strange smell, not of man nor of dwarf, but still one that is quite detestable. Why, it seems a loathsome thief has dared to try and steal from me!" "Not a thief, sir!" Bilbo replied. "Why, I am only a weary traveler who has come to seek the great dragon Smaug, for I had heard of the legends describing him as having no equal in strength or cunning. Would the great creature I see before me happen to be the one the legends speak of?" "Indeed I would be! Would you say those legends are accurate, thief?" "Yes, they would be. I can truly say that I have never seen a dragon so magnificent and so awe inspiring." Bilbo neglected to mention that Smaug was also the only dragon he had ever seen. "But I will repeat that I am not a thief. I have no want nor use for dragon gold such as yours." Smaug got up and began taking slow steps to the source of the voice. "So then, thief who is not a thief, you took it upon yourself to enter the most dangerous and most fortified castle in the land, laden with the greatest treasures, not to take any? It was just a sightseeing tour for you?" "It was, it was! I fancy myself a tourist, you see, and I have seen many breathtaking places on the journey to this one. And I will say that this place is the most breathtaking of all! These great halls will remain in my mind forever. But, there is something about you and this place that doesn't seem quite right." "Oh? Whatever could that be?" Smaug craned his neck looking up and down the halls of the mountain, yet was unable to spot the person who was speaking to him. "Pardon me for wanting to give the great Smaug advice, but it seems to me that your great fortune provides you with very little value. You have all this gold, and yet you never spend any of it. What use is all this treasure if you never trade it in for things of use?" "You ask me of uses for my gold?" Smaug laughed. "What use do I need for it? Is it not enough to merely own it? To know that I have wealth beyond measure? You are a fool to say such things." "A fool I may be, but I can't help but notice that all this wealth may be going to waste. What good is this gold doing you if you never see fit to spend it? I see a golden cup over there, for instance. Do you ever drink from that cup? If not, how does it aid you?" "It aids me by being of value! That is all it needs to do, and it does it quite nicely." "I can't see what value it is bringing you right now, Sir. It seems to me that the cup is sitting idle, having no function or purpose in this lonely vault. Had it ever occurred to you that you could trade that cup in for something else that would appease you more?" "What could appease me more then knowing that I own this cup and the filthy, stupid men outside do not?" "Well, I could think of many things that cup could buy. Perhaps you could hire an artisan to clean this place up? Forgive me for saying so, but age has not been so kind to the columns and statues I see, and I don't take it that a dragon such as yourself would be so adept at repairing them." Smaug snorted. It was true that the place had been decaying with the passage of time, although he had been trying to ignore it. And it was also true that he had no hope of restoring it to its former beauty with his large, clumsy feet that were prone to scratching things up. "Maybe so, but that would still be trading something away that could not be replaced. The gold I lost would find itself lost among men who would send it every which way, while my fixed halls would be worn down again and have me spending more gold to fix them. That would have my vault gone sooner rather than later, I think!" "Well, if we are to speak in terms of wealth instead of just gold, then you would know that wealth is not a finite thing, Sir." "Wealth? Not finite? You speak in foolish riddles again!" "Not riddles, Sir. It is the basic way of the land. Those with wealth use it to procure great tracts of land in the knowledge that with time and effort invested into them, that they will produce more wealth then what was spent to obtain them. It does astound me, just a little bit, that you haven't done so yourself. This fortune in the mountain may seem large now, but I think that it would pale in comparison to what you might have if you were to buy all the land in this wild country and have it cleared so it could produce bountiful harvests. And great towns would spring up along the land and invite traders from far and wide, trading bounties across roads that were watched, and a part of each sale would find its way back to you as befits the Lord of the land. Does that sound promising to you?" Smaug stopped and sat down. To be truthful, he did find the idea quite appealing. Although the gold he currently owned was splendid enough, it was more enticing to imagine a state where that gold was being fruitful and constantly multiplying. Even if much of it would be stored in the form of land and rights rather than something more tangible. Plus there was the opportunity to increase his power and influence, as the idea of being Lord of the East was much more renowned than merely being the King Under the Mountain. "Tell me, stranger, what is your name?" Smaug asked. "I have many names, but you can call me Mister Underhill," Bilbo said. "Well, Underhill, I have found your words to be quite interesting. In return, I promise to spare your life, so long as you leave without taking a single piece of treasure from this place." "Of course, Sir." The next day was the most shocking one for the residents of Laketown since Smaug had first attacked them many years ago. Frantic warnings were shouted throughout the streets by manic townspeople, who insisted that the dragon was returning. And indeed he was, but not in the manner they expected. Instead of flying overhead breathing fire upon them, he was walking confidently and slowly up to the town, with a look of mischief in his eyes instead of hatred. Smaug halted at the gates of the town, where a host of arches had risen to greet him. "What is this?" Smaug asked. "Whatever happened to the idea of hospitality around here?" "Hospitality?!" the leader of the men replied. "You would dare speak to us of hospitality in such jovial tones after having burned the town and sacking the kingdom of Dale? Begone!" "I shall not begone today, good fellow. I have come here to offer a business proposition to the good people of Laketown, and it would be in all of your best interests to hear it." "Business?! What business would you have to speak about?!" "Listen well, and you shall understand. Firstly, I wish to purchase Laketown and the surrounding areas from whoever here happens to own it." "You dare -" "Secondly, I have plans to rebuild the whole of the East into a glorious, united nation under my own name. All the wild lands shall be cleared of vile beasts and be made safe for diligent farmers and craftsmen to build new farms and cities that shall prosper under my rule and pay tribute to me in return for their newfound providence. Routes to the North, the West, and the South shall be built, and newfound trade will be the wings that lift this new empire aloft into greatness." "And what if we were to refuse you, then?" "I would not advise that. For your sake." The people of Laketown were uneasy with their new guest, but saw inviting Smaug in as a lesser evil than facing his open wrath. Whispers of a party of dwarves and questions of their involvement with the new scenario were abundant as the dragon went to meet the mayor of the town. The negotiations themselves turned out to be quick and unexciting, as the mayor quickly handed off the deed to the town in exchange for a small chest filled with golden cups and the promise that some of the money would serve as reparations for prior conflicts with the dragon. This, of course, turned out to be an outright fabrication. His business for the day done, Smaug then returned to his home in the Lonely Mountain, whereupon he found that a company of dwarves was trying to steal some of his treasure. All of them were killed, save for one hobbit graced with a magic ring and a lot of luck. Great changes soon followed that were in line with Smaug's grand vision. The first of these was the clearing of Mirkwood to make way for a great road that would run from the Iron Hills all the way to the Misty Mountains. "After all, roads are the foundation on which trade is built, and what better source of commerce is there than trade?" Smaug explained to the company of men he had chosen for the task. "Those trees out there are of no use to anyone of consequence. They are naught but breeding grounds for the most foul and loathsome of creatures; that is, the ones that stand in the way of progress!" The men first took up their axes and tried to hack away at the trees, but soon found themselves tiring and becoming ill. "Ah, I see the magic of this place seeks to foil me. It is an old and powerful magic, but not nearly so old and powerful as me. Behold!" From the dragon's mouth came great blasts of fire that spouted forth and ate away at the old, gnarled trees, which shriveled and collapsed into cinders, shrieking all the while. "A shame that it had to come to this," Smaug said, "For it would be better to save the timber for other uses! Oh well. One cannot make an omelette without cracking some eggs, as the saying goes." This destructive