Author's Note: So, this is my first attempt at another character's POV outtake. Honestly, it was a lot harder than I thought it'd be. It often felt redundant, but at least this should give you some insight into what Peeta thinks and how he feels. And hopefully it tides you over until I can pen the next chapter of The Morning After . The Mr. is on vacation, so I've been very busy with family time and then people getting sick and all. And I'll just say it - Tumblr has ruined me! lol Obligatory Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games, its characters, concepts, or any quotes that may be contained in this work. Chapter 4 | Mystery, Horror, and Romantic Comedy: Outtake -Peeta's POV- "Dad, they're tearing! What do I do?" I am in an uncharacteristic state of panic. I'm usually very composed in the kitchen, but this is my first time making my dad's famous baklava recipe and it just isn't coming out right. "I only have a little more than an hour left and it has to be perfect!" "Calm down, son," my father's voice replies evenly on the other end of the line. "It will be fine. Just put a damp cloth over the phyllo so it doesn't dry out." I frantically search the drawers for a clean dishtowel then run it under the faucet before wringing out the excess moisture. "How many sheets do I put in each layer again?" "Two is fine," he says calmly. "Peeta, you're not usually this worked up in the kitchen. What's the matter?" I pinch the phone between my ear and shoulder to free my hands so can butter the pan with the pastry brush. "Nothing's the matter, Dad. I just… I just want to learn how to make it as good as yours, that's all." He chuckles. "Peet, I don't think you've ever made anything bad. You're my best student. Why is this so important to you?" "No one… I mean, nothing. No reason. Look, Dad, I gotta go. I need to concentrate on what I'm doing," I tell him quickly to avoid any further probing. "Alright, son. I'm sure it'll turn out great, as always," he says, humoring me. "Whoever she is will love it." " Dad… " I whine, grateful that we're on the phone and not at the bakery back home where he and my brothers can see my flushed cheeks. "Thanks for your help. Tell… um, everyone I said 'hello.'" I can't get myself to specifically ask to pass anything along to my mother, but I don't want to specifically exclude her either. It's been over two years since I've seen her and only once since leaving Detroit have I spoken to her. Even then it was just by accident. I had meant to call my dad at the bakery to ask him about his French macaroon recipe, but I ended up dialing the house phone by mistake. My mother answered instead. I was quiet for a few seconds, taken aback by hearing her voice and completely unsure of what to say. What is there to say? "Hi Mom. This is your exiled son. Are my brothers still alive?" Not that I'm still really angry with her. Having spent two years and 2,000 miles apart has allowed me to put some separation between me and the painful memories as well. I just don't really know what I'm supposed to say to her and that's saying something since there are very few things that can render me speechless. Our conversation ended up being brief and superficial. I asked how she was doing and she reciprocated. I told her that I had just gotten my driver's license. She didn't congratulate me, but I was just happy she didn't scoff or make some snide remark about me being irresponsible or careless or spoiled, so that was progress. Once the baklava is in the oven, I go upstairs to my room to get ready for tonight's get-together at Katniss' house. Despite living three doors down from her and giving her rides for the past month and a half, I've actually never been in her house. It's the exact same floor plan as mine, so I don't expect to see anything out of the ordinary, but it's just the idea of being invited inside her house that has me all flustered. I know I told her I wanted to try to just be friends and I do, but I can't just turn off all the feelings I've had for her for the past ten years. If I could, I would have done it already. Yet, here I am, obsessing over a dessert that I want to make just right as if it will have any effect on her. I've learned that the way to her heart is not through her eyes, ears, or head. I highly doubt the way is through her stomach. I throw on a pair of jeans and a flannel shirt. It still looks overcast outside, so I layer on a hoodie for good measure. This is warm compared to an October in Michigan, but in Southern California, this cloud cover is what passes for harsh weather. The oven timer still has about 20 minutes left on it, so I gather a few other pastries I had baked yesterday and arrange them on a platter while I wait for the baklava to finish. I peek through the window on the oven and tap my foot impatiently. Despite the trouble Katniss and I have been having trying to be "normal", part of me still wants to arrive at her house a little bit early so we can have a few moments one-on-one before Delly and Madge arrive. I'm masochistic, I know. My phone buzzes in my pocket. When I slide my thumb over the screen to check it, I find a text from Delly telling me that she's still waiting for Madge to pick her up, so I know I have at least fifteen minutes depending on when Madge actually gets there. She's notoriously slow to get ready and she lives in the Hills. My chances are good I might get a few minutes alone with Katniss, if only my baklava finishes on time. I mentally coach myself on things I can say – rather, things I shouldn't say that could set off any possible argument. Personally, I think she fights with me because it's easier than fighting with herself and how she feels. But I'd never tell her about my psychoanalysis. I'm masochistic, not suicidal. The timer beeps repeatedly and I'm so excited to plate the dessert and head to her house that I forget to put on oven mitts before extracting the pan. "Owww! Mother… of pearl!" I yelp, pulling my hand reflexively and putting my fingers in my mouth to soothe them. Luckily, I had only grazed the tips of three fingers, but they would likely blister and add to the collection of faded burn scars decorating my hands and arms. I quickly grab a nearby potholder and use it to remove the perfectly crusted pastry from the oven. Once I have it cut and arranged on the platter with the other delicacies, I do one more quick sweep of the kitchen for anything I need – my wallet, phone, keys, and DVD. Check. I was on the fence about whether to bring The Ring or The Blind Side. Girls love inspirational tearjerker movies, but I decide that endearing Katniss to a poor, struggling football player probably wouldn't work in my favor, so ultimately went with the former. Scary movies could possibly send a certain skittish girl jumping into my arms. It better not be Delly. I ring the doorbell and wait impatiently in the cold, wet weather, using my body to shield the tray of desserts. When Katniss opens the door, she is stunning. Even dressed in sweats and a t-shirt, she is beautiful. Her face lights up when she sees me – or maybe it's the food, I don't know – but it's been a while since I've seen her guard down and that rare, genuine, effortless smile is enough to melt my insides. "Whoa, when did it start to rain?" she asks, her brows returning to their usual furrow before taking the dessert tray from me. Delly and Madge haven't arrived yet and I'm ecstatic to have Katniss to myself for the time being. "I probably should have wrapped the tray in plastic or something," I say to try to get the ball rolling. Weather. That's usually a safe topic. "Didn't realize it was drizzling already." Her smile returns as she lets out a giggle. "You know, most guys would come to a casual movie night with a package of Oreos or Twinkies. Only Peeta Mellark would come bearing homemade baklava." I'm starting to feel kind of stupid for trying too hard. She probably suspects that I did it to try and impress her somehow. Heat begins rising to my cheeks and I'm ready to try and make some casual-sounding excuse as to why I went the fancy route when she picks one up and bites into it. Her eyes roll back in what I can only describe as ecstasy. "Mmm… but who's complaining?" I'm about to lose it right here. The purring of a car pulling into the driveway pulls me from my trance. Madge and Delly have just arrive and my moment alone with Katniss is gone. Prim steps out from the hallway closet, slipping her arms through a coat, and I come to the realization that I was never really alone with Katniss. I'm suddenly not so upset with our two other friends who have just arrived, but I've come to realize that her momentary ease was probably attributed to the fact that her sister was here with her. Prim leaves to go to a birthday party down the street, leaving the four of us to our own festivities. As Katniss escorts the other girls into the kitchen to arrange all the food, she turns back to me. "Peeta, would you mind getting a fire going? It's going to be a bit chilly tonight." I nod my consent, feeling a little like the odd man out. I guess that's appropriate since I'm the only man here. At least, I thought I was until I hear another's voice engaged in conversation. I run my hand across the mantle in search of the metal key that ignites the fireplace while keeping my eyes on the look out for the source of the man's voice. When I find the key, I stick it into the matching square hole in the wall next to the fireplace and give it a turn, then light a match to ignite the flames. I catch a glimpse of his tall frame passing the dark hallway from the kitchen towards the den. He appears to be talking to someone on the phone, oblivious to our presence, but clearly comfortable in the Everdeen home. A wave of jealousy courses through me. But it's not because he has Katniss or that he's bigger than me or better looking. I'm jealous of the fact that he's here, in her home regularly, practically a part of her family, and no one questions it – not her mom, not her friends, not Katniss. Their relationship – whatever it may be – is easy. With the gas-powered fire ablaze, I go to the kitchen to join the girls when I overhear Katniss coyly telling the other two, "He's just my best friend, Delly." Delly's eyes bug out with excitement. "Dude, Katniss, I don't know how you lasted years of friendship with Gale without jumping his bones!" I cringe at her crassness. I've dealt with Delly's unrefined choice of words for two years now, and I know she doesn't mean any malice, but I don't know how she doesn't realize that the