A/N: I'm baaaaaaaa-ack! To anyone reading this that hasn't read the prequel, please stop now and go check out my story 'Under the Setting Sun' before you read this one! So, a minor detail… I ended up keeping this in first person. Feel like this is really about Katniss' journey, so it's best told from her POV. However, I made the mistake of starting Under the Setting Sun in past-tense and I had to keep it that way for continuity but it was hard to be consistent. So I'm doing this in present-tense. I bet no one would've even noticed had I not said anything. Special thanks to bw1819 for letting me run my mouth about everything and nothing, just so I can get this show on the road. Obligatory Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games, its characters, concepts, or any quotes that may be contained in this work. Chapter 1: First Snow of the Year I turn the dial on the car stereo system trying to find a station that isn't currently on commercial break. I don't stay on any one channel for more than a couple of seconds. I'm sure it is driving Peeta crazy. "I wonder just how many people are buying mattresses on a regular basis that would warrant so many commercials," Peeta comments politely. Annoyance is not evident in his tone or his face, convincing me he could feign interest in a box of rocks if he had to. As Peeta signals to change lanes, I reach up one last time, hoping I'll land on something to preoccupy the thick tension between the two of us. His unsupervised hand darts up to do the same, and for a moment, our fingers entangle. We both retract our hands apologetically as if we had just touched a hot stove. That might as well have been the case based on the dull heat his brief touch left on my fingertips. What am I thinking? I made the decision to end things with Peeta. I really wish my body would catch up with my mind. Peeta concedes and gestures permission for me make the channel selection. "Sorry that I keep flipping stations." I settle on one playing soft rock and lean back into the passenger's seat. The duration of the song is spent looking out the window watching the houses flicker by. Neither of us seems to be familiar with the tune playing because we don't sing along, but Peeta drums his thigh with his fingers and taps the foot he's not using to drive. We're only about two more miles from school, but it feels like an eternity. It doesn't help that we are hitting every single red light possible. The song ends and a new one begins right after it. It sounds vaguely familiar, but soft rock isn't exactly my genre of choice. I'd change the station again, but I don't want to be that person. I'm sure there's some unwritten etiquette about touching someone else's car stereo. A pedestrian – most likely another student from our school – is crossing the street, so the red light lasts extra long. I begin nervously pulling at the loose threads on the hem of my denim skirt. In the corner of my eye, I catch Peeta looking down at my fidgeting fingers, then dart away quickly when he and I both realize how high up my skirt has slid as I'm in the sitting position. I try to tug it downwards as inconspicuously as possible so as not to embarrass him. Peeta absentmindedly hums along to the song and I still can't pinpoint why it sounds familiar. "Why do I feel like I've heard this song before, but I don't really know it?" I ask rhetorically. He suddenly stops humming. "You don't remember?" I quickly search through my mental database, still coming up short. "No… should I?" "I shouldn't be surprised you don't." I get the feeling that was a cutting remark, so I furrow my brows at him. He chuckles to himself. "You were probably too smashed." I recall the one and only time I had ever gotten drunk. Peeta and Delly had taken me to Madge's house for a party and, being the amateur that I am, I got pretty tipsy off one wine cooler. Come to think of it, I do remember Peeta playing guitar and singing. This same song comes to mind. I redirect my attention back to the tune emanating from the car's speakers. " I knew I loved you before I met you I have been waiting all my life…" Now that I'm privy to Peeta's secret lifelong crush on me, I'm just now starting to see why he chose to sing me that song, and I'm wishing I hadn't brought it up. I slide my hands under my thighs and fight the urge to turn the dial again. I think Peeta realizes that I've finally grasped the song's significance and mercifully presses another preset button himself. The talk show is covering its hourly spiel on sleazy Hollywood news – who's dating who, who broke up, who's in rehab, or who had a run-in with the law. Our ears perk up at the mention of Seneca Crane, but they only mention a new director for the upcoming movie, Nightlock , he had been slated to direct before his conviction. "Is it just me or do you still find it kind of surreal that we were largely responsible for sending a guy to prison?" Peeta asks. "All I did was fall ungracefully," I reply. "You're the one that found and turned over the evidence." We finally pull into the crowded parking lot at Augustus Snow High School after a painfully tense ride. Peeta parks in one of the spaces designated for students with just five minutes before the bell is scheduled to ring. It's our first official day of classes. Yesterday was a half-day of schedule and locker assignments, homeroom orientation, and a pep rally assembly. I'm eager to get out of the car and make my way to my first period when Delly appears at the driver's side window and raps on the glass causing us to jump in alarm. Peeta grabs his book bag from behind the seat and opens his door to greet our friend. "Finally! I've been waiting for you a–" she begins to scold Peeta when she notices me inside the jeep. "Well, well, well!" I raise my hand to greet her. "Hey, Delly." "It's about time you two kissed and made up!" she assumes. "I was beginning to think I was gonna have to start playing 'Parent Trap' with you two just so I could –" "Delly!" Peeta interrupts. When she stops talking and looks at him, I see him give a slight shake of the head. She purses her lips in understanding. I turn to exit the car, sliding down the sides of the leather seats until my feet hit the asphalt. "So, I'm confused," Delly says as the three of us begin the trek into the campus. "You're not back together, but you're carpooling?" "Precisely," says Peeta. She looks disconcertedly at Peeta and me walking on either sides of her. "So one of you is going to have to fill me in because I'm not going to be playing 'child of divorced parents' all year. I want to know what I'm getting into here." Peeta turns down another hallway. "Well, you're going to have to ask your mother , 'cause I have to get to Spanish class. See you guys at lunch." Delly clutches my arm and begins dragging me to our shared first period English class. "Alright, lady, I know I've been M.I.A. lately since Haymitch up and quit, leaving me to help train the replacement personnel director at the club – which, as you might imagine, is no easy feat without a current director for said replacement personnel – but seriously, between you and Peeta, someone should have at least called me to divulge the details of your fall out, so now that I'm even more confused, you better start spilling – go!" Wow. I think she might have just said all of that in one sentence. I've missed talking to Delly – no, I've missed Delly talking to me. I never miss having to actually speak. "Peeta hasn't said anything to you? Aren't you two, like, best friends or something?" I ask her. "All he told me was that some guy named Gale came here from your hometown and got you all confused. He said you ended things. He doesn't really go into details since I've been so busy with work, but truthfully, I think he just doesn't want to talk about it." "Can I plea the fifth, too?" I try, but I know Delly won't let me off the hook that easily if the death grip she's putting on my arm is any indication. "Okay, okay. Gale is my best friend from back home. He kissed me before I came out here, and made things all weird…" Recognition shows on her face. "Aha… so the 'it's complicated' has a name." "Anyway, after I found out we were staying in California, Gale showed up at my door telling me he got into USC," I continue. "And the plot thickens," Delly narrates and I laugh at her enthusiasm. "So are you and this Gale guy together now?" I expect to hear judgment in her tone, but there is none. Just plain old curiosity. "No. It's not like that." "Then why did you break things off with Peeta?" Ah, there it is. At least, that's how her question makes me feel – riddled with guilt and shame. We're at the door to our classroom, but Delly pulls me back to make sure I have full opportunity to answer her. "It's hard to explain." I wring the straps of my backpack and stare down at my sandaled feet. Delly is uncharacteristically quiet for a moment. I can only guess it is because she's waiting for me to make an attempt at an explanation, but I don't, and like always, she takes the reigns in the conversation. "I get it. I mean, the dude kissed you. He obviously has some sort of feelings for you and you don't want to hurt him by dating someone else," she puts it simply. How does she manage to make something that feels so tangled and befuddling in my head sound so elementary? "But someone is always going to get hurt in these types of situations. You can't avoid that altogether." Our teacher calls us into the classroom just before the bell sounds overhead. We take two adjacent desks in the back of the class. Delly's words resonate with me. Someone is always going to get hurt. I know she means Peeta and that thought has plagued me for over a month now. It's not that I didn't realize I'd be hurting Peeta with my decision to end things. It's not that I had wanted to either. I just couldn't hang onto both of them and choosing to let go of Peeta seemed like the path of least resistance. Besides, I'm not ready for wherever it was we were headed. I don't know that I ever will be, but Peeta was a good friend – a really good friend. When I had made the last-minute decision to end our summer romance, I hadn't quite thought through the probability that our friendship would become a casualty as well. But Gale has always been my faithful, reliable best friend, and somehow I knew that Peeta's and my relationship would interrupt that delicate balance. A hastily folded notebook paper skids across my desktop. I look up at its sender ducking behind another student, trying to keep off of our teacher's radar. I unfold the sheet to read Delly's perfect cursive written in purple ink. So there's something I still don't get… If