October: There are plenty of things I can't tell you about my life over the past few years; the most simplistic things escape me. I don't know what my favorite color is. I'm not sure I have a favorite food. I'm honestly not even sure how I managed to graduate high school because I have difficulty recollecting showing up at all, much less being able to get passing grades. My life seems like a blur, an alternate reality played out only in my head, but the pain is real. The pain keeps me grounded to the fact that I still exist, and more devastatingly, to the fact that I lost everything that mattered to me. I have never been more alone. I can, however, tell you with perfect clarity that it has been exactly 1 year, 1 month, 3 days, 9 hours and 42 minutes since Edward walk away from me; leaving the destruction of my soul in his wake. His rejection forced me to see what I already knew. I would never be good enough for him. Truth be told, he should have let Tyler's van kill me that day in the Forks High School parking lot. It would have been far less cruel to allow me to die rather than to leave me in the sorrow in which I now reside. I have no interest in life anymore. Anything I found of interest before simply doesn't matter now. Nothing can fill the void of losing him, and I don't even want to try. Edward was my perfection and without him, life has nothing for me. Hell, even the threat of Victoria had seemingly dissipated. After Edward left she must have lost interest. Revenge isn't as satisfying when the object of your rage doesn't care anymore. I only wished she would come to kill me. Death would be easier, but I'm getting used to disappointment. I know my corpse like existence is maddening to the people who still love me. I sleep half the day away only to wake up, force some type of food down, then head back to my room and sleep some more. The gaps are filled with sobbing spells that tear my soul further to shreds. Charlie tries to tell me that I'll get over this, but I'm long past caring what fate has in store for me. I heard everything I needed to hear the day that Edward told me that he didn't want me. Who was I kidding? I knew that I was never good enough for him. Certainly not pretty enough. I'm plain; he's perfect and easily distracted. I hate myself for losing him, for not having the ability to be more what he wanted. I don't know what I could have changed to help the situation, but the reasons I don't understand drive me insane. I have cried to the depths of my soul and begged God to end me so that I can escape this misery, and yet, I am still here. I'm still breathing. Blood still pumps through my veins, and heartache still wrenches away at my sanity plundering me into oblivion. September (Nearly 1 Year Later): I don't cry any longer; I drained that well dry. Sorrow cannot begin to describe it. It's much farther gone than that. To top it all, Edward still haunts my dreams. I see his bronze hair in perfect disarray. A crooked grin paints across his alabaster complexion as he smiles lovingly at me through liquid topaz eyes. In my dreams he's still here with me and its pure bliss. In dreams I can come up for air and pretend that my life hasn't completely fallen apart. Reality is hard. There is no cool embrace to hold me, no tender kisses, just loneliness and disappointment. How I have lasted this long is beyond reason. I'm not strong enough for this and yet here I am. I survive in slumbers so that I can see him again. He told me when he left that it would be as if he never existed. He took all the evidence that I had of him and left me with nothing, but he couldn't take away my dreams. In dreams he is still mine. January (1 Year & 4 Months Later): Beep! Beep! Beep! - The alarm clock sounded. Okay, okay I'm awake… I squirmed under my sheets, took a deep breath, and reach to turn it off. UGH! Another day…. Oh well let's get it over with…. I climbed out of bed and headed to shower away my exhaustion. Once thoroughly clean and dry, I ran out of the bathroom in my underwear to my closet. I chose to wear Black Cargo Capri's and my "Love Kills Slowly" Ed Hardy T-shirt. I quickly got dressed before running downstairs to grab some breakfast. It's the same everyday – a grilled cheese sandwich and a glass of chocolate milk, and then I'm off to work… Vegas is… well…. Vegas. It isn't at all like Forks. This is Sin City, operational 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Here money talks and bull shit walks. So you better know who you're dealing with before casting down your chips. This is my new life… if that's what you call it. I'm not sure when it happened actually, but I finally had decided that wallowing away until death wasn't really working out for me. Jake had called me up a week after my 21st birthday and invited me to take a trip with him to Vegas to get my head straight and to try and persuade me into having a little fun. I hesitantly agreed to go and found that, even though I'm generally not all that happy, I retained the ability to try and live a little. I ended up having a lot of fun with Jake and I'll always treasure my time with him. I had so much fun in fact, that I decided that Vegas was were where I now belonged. I made the move within a month after our trip. Jake wasn't happy about me leaving Forks. Neither were Charlie or Renee, but they understood that it was killing me to be there. Renee offered for me to come live with her and Phil in Jacksonville, but I knew she would be constantly hovering around me so I politely declined. Her free spirited nature came in handy when I convinced her that Vegas would be an adventure. Jake promised to visit as much as he could and I agreed that when he came out again, I would have the scoop on the hottest places to go and take him for the tour. Charlie gave me practically a year's supply of pepper spray and forced me to take self defense lessons before I left. I've got to love him despite his reluctant affliction; he's always looking out for me. I promised that I would take care of myself and convinced them that I needed to do this in order to regain any control over my life. I keep in touch with all of them fairly regularly by email or text. To celebrate my new life and to put a little closure to the old me, I decided to get a tattoo. I'd always been pretty artistic, so I took up drawing. It was a release to some of the anguish I couldn't hold inside any longer. In this new artistic frame of mind, I drew up an idea for a tattoo to commemorate my love for and loss of a man that would never love me back. I didn't even flinch at the idea of the pain. There's no way it could compare to how I felt inside. I honestly hoped it would transcend the pain outward and give me some relief. Beautifully abiding in Bronze, Black, and Topaz colored Script writing, my tattoo rests slightly arched from shoulder blade to shoulder blade reading "Vanished is Love… As if it never existed." It is a permanent reminder of the bronze haired, topaz-eyed angel that had left me. I had chosen to mark my body, flaunting my despair. If heartache was his only legacy to me, I would take it over nothing at all. As far as romance goes, no one will ever equal what Edward was to me. I know Jake wanted more from me at one time, but he's finally resigned to the fact that it's just not going to happen. He had two choices: He could either - just be my friend and enjoy my company, or I would have to alienate him entirely because I couldn't give my heart away for loves sake when I never really got it back. Truth being told I didn't want it back. It was much easier to walk around with a good chip on my shoulder. I found that no one really messed with me, aside from the occasional drunken tourist with a liquid enhanced ego boost, but that was to be expected. If you live where the party is happening, you can't complain about the noise. I arrived at work at 10 a.m., bringing in a round of Double Shot Mocha Frapuccino's and a box of donuts for the crew. I work for my now best friend Ana Rodriguez. She owns and operates "Ink Junkies" tattoo parlor. This is where I got my tattoo. Ana was so impressed with my art work for my own tattoo that she offered me a job. Having just moved here not knowing a soul and having no clue where to begin, I took it with open arms. The rest, as they say, is history. The crew consists of seven of us in all - Ana, Jess, Lala, Joe, Nessie, Lauren and I. Ana founded "Ink Junkies" after leaving her family in search of herself. She loves to travel and found Vegas exciting. It fits her vibrant nature perfectly. She said she chose the name because anyone who had gotten a tattoo knows that they are addictive. She was all too happy to deal to all the local junkies. After all, tatting is good money. Jess, Lala, and Joe are all Ink Pushers, a.k.a. tattoo application specialists. If you can dream it, they can ink it. They are always booked solid. I'm the lead artist, with Nessie and Lauren working under me. We help the customers' design their perfect tattoo and then assign them to the proper pusher to bring it to life. I know we operate a little different from the norm, but that's what gives us our nitch. You come in with an idea of what you're looking for, tell us where you want it, and we'll design you a kick ass piece and apply it to perfection. Ana prides "Ink Junkies" on never having had an unsatisfied junkie. "What's up Chicka?" Ana called out as I walk in the door. "Hey… not too much… I brought sustenance," I said, waving the Mocha Frappuchino's in the air. "Thank God! I'm starving!" Joe yelled as he came barreling toward the box of donuts in my hand. "Did you know these things have 500 calories each?" he asked while shoving half the donut in his mouth in one bite. "That hasn't stopped you yet." Jess smiled, spouting off jokingly. "It's not going to either… I'm not the one that has to watch my girly figure," he replied as he spun around mockingly with his hand on his hip. "Oh shut it Joe. Like there's a single princess girly girl working here," Lauren laughed. "So how's the schedule for today?" I asked, trying to gauge my workload for the day. "Busy as usual… Oh and hey, don't forget we have to be at Eclipse tonight. It's the biggest party of the year!" Ana answered excitedly, wiggling her shoulders and dancing slightly as example. When we're not inking people up, we're partying like Rock Stars. We hit the coolest clubs and the best parties. We're