Disclaimer: Anything you recognize belongs to J.K. Rowling who we all know is the creator of Harry Potter and William Shakespeare, I don't own anything of his either. Anything you don't recognize belongs to me. Note: This chapter has the use of alcohol but all the characters that are drinking are of age. Chapter 1: Liquid Courage (Firewhiskey Fridays) The night started innocently enough. It was their unsaid monthly ritual ever since the war ended to meet the first Friday of the month and a have a 'mans night.' Of course they weren't really men. Ronald Weasley still had his Mum give him warm milk right before bed. Mrs. Weasley was constantly coddling Harry Potter as well. Neville Longbottom…well, his Gran had been treating him like an infant ever since he was an infant. Yes, the only 'man' at the table was Dean Thomas and that really wasn't saying much. "Go fish." "Have any fours?" "Twenty-one!" "We're playing poker," Harry grumbled. He glared at the three that surrounded him and then shook his head with amusement. Ron, Dean and Neville all shared a look and then placed their cards on the wooden table. They weren't exactly experts at playing Muggle card games. Dean normally played well but he had had several drinks, they all had, and it was messing with their heads. Harry's glare didn't affect them. In fact the three burst out laughing and started making jokes about the scar on his forehead. "Oi!" Harry shouted, placing his cards on the table and taking a sip from his cup. "You're all terrible mates. I'm going to…I'm going—" He hiccupped as he tried to think of what he was going to do but he couldn't concentrate as their laughter filled his ears. "Do what?" Neville questioned, a silly grin plastered on his face. "Pop on by the Malfoy's? You can have tea parties with Draco—" he taunted, Harry turned a bright shade of red. Harry groaned and slid in his chair. He removed his spectacles, throwing them haphazardly on the table and pointed a finger at Neville. Of course it wasn't actually Neville who he was pointing at. He was looking at him but shaking an angry finger at Dean. After his fifth drink he kept mistaking Dean for Ron and kept calling Neville 'Seamus.' "Seamus," he said, licking his lips. They were dry and cracking but they tasted like firewhiskey. "Don't make me…don't make me do something…" he said. He couldn't continue his sentence. Next to him, Ron patted Harry's back soothingly. He was the only one that was remotely sober, having the least amount of drinks, a measly three, but Weasley's couldn't exactly hold their liquor all that well either. His face was bright red and his eyes slightly glassy as he rubbed Harry's back trying to shush him. "Calm down Harry. Try and sober up would you? Ginny will have my head if you come home stumbling and mumbling again. Almost put her hair on fire last time," Ron mumbled. He wanted to add Harry acted like a blubbering idiot whenever alcohol induced and always told Ron how much he loved him. It was rather uncomfortable for Ron unless he drank more than five drinks. Harry swatted Ron's hand away from his face, burped and then grinned. "In my defense Dean," he said, poking Ron's nose, "she deserved it." It wasn't really funny but the four laughed anyway. "Where is Seamus anyway?" asked Neville who was also trying to balance a playing card on his nose. "Stuck with the old ball and chain!" Dean answered with a grin. He was trying to drink and talk at the same time so firewhiskey dribbled down his dark chin and stained his red shirt. He looked down at his chest with bewilderment, forgetting the conversation he was having. "Pathetic!" Ron muttered after Dean's response. "Hey!" Neville shouted, holding up his glass. "He's the one that sent us the drinks. What were we doing before we were drinking anyway?" It was a good question and they all paused to rack their brains to try and remember. None of them could which only made them all break out in laughter again. The sloppy laughter filled the kitchen and found its way through the house of Augusta Longbottom who was trying unsuccessfully to sleep. Harry stretched—or was that Dean? Neville tried to remember if Dean was the one with the scar on his forehead. He was…right? Well, Neville yawned and grabbed a sweet off of the table that was littered with bottles and wrappings. Randomly, Ron blinked, his blue eyes becoming slightly clearer and he swiped at the sweet Neville grabbed and angrily stared at him. "You…you need to tell her how you feel!" he shouted out of nowhere. His voice was suddenly filled with anger and the other three jumped at the loud decibel and glanced at Ron with terrified faces. "Do it! Do it! Do it!" Harry yelled, banging his fists on the table. Dean crinkled his nose and scratched his chin, "Tell who what?" Neville took it upon himself to answer Dean's question. "I like Hannah," he confessed. Harry responded with a squeal, Ron responded with a burp and Dean's brown eyes scanned the room they were in forgetting where and why he was there. "I like Hannah Abbot," Neville said with a pitiful moan. He let his head drop on the wooden table and groaned at the pain he now felt. "I will not succumb to peer pressure!" he shouted, picking his head up and throwing his hand in the air. It was only Ron that remembered the conversation they were having. Harry was staring at Augusta's china cabinet while Dean was examining the wall. "Stop being a pansy Neville and tell her how you feel. Come on!" said Ron, who was starting to sober up. Neville sighed and rubbed his eyes with his fingers. "What do I even say? Hannah, will you go on a date with me? That sounds about right," he said with a hopeful smile. He shakily removed his quill from his trouser pocket and 'accioed' ink and some parchment. He began to quickly scratch away (Harry wondered with fascination where the sound was coming from while Dean put his eyes on the china cabinet, convinced that the butterfly plates were moving). "No!" Ron shouted. He snatched the feathered quill from Neville's hand and shook his head. "Are you mental? She'll read that and it'll put her to sleep. You need to be fancy." "Tell her she has a nice bum," Harry said, rejoining the conversation. His head felt funny and he leaned back in his chair, closing his eyes trying to bring some clarity back to him. He wasn't sure what they were talking about but Harry was convinced everyone had a nice bum in general. "Oi! You've been checking out Hannah's bum?" Neville questioned with horror. Harry turned a shade of red and pouted. "It's a free bum! It hasn't been claimed yet." "You're dating my sister Harry!" said Ron; he elbowed Harry next to him. Harry, being rather bony, winced and angrily glared at Ron and then blinked. "Who's Harry?" asked Harry. "I'm Harry," responded Dean. Ron shook his head. Idiots surrounded him. "Come on Neville…let's see…use that ancient language, you know, the one your Gran spoke when she was born," he suggested. Neville scrunched up his nose as if he had just smelled something terribly vile and stared at Ron incredulously. "Are you calling my Gran old?" "Well," Harry muttered under his breath, "if the vulture hat fits." "Harry!" yelled Neville with anger. "What?" Dean shouted, perplexed. "I'm Harry!" shouted Harry. "I'm Dean!" shouted Dean. The two stared at each other wondering if they were indeed getting their names right. Neville ignored them and put all his focus on Ron instead. He squinted his eyes, examining Ron's red hair and red face and puckered his lips. He wasn't entirely sure if he was indeed looking at Ron or a very bloated Ginny Weasley. "I don't know any ancient language. Whaddaya mean anyway?" slurred Neville. Ron sighed and scratched his chin as if in deep thought. Actually he really had to burp but it just wouldn't come out. "Err…Hermione reads to me. Some Shakey bloke. Write this…hello Hannah." Neville glared at Ron and went to snatch the green feathery quill from him but missed and instead hit Ron's shoulder, he howled from pain dramatically, which caused Dean and Harry to roll their eyes. "That's English!" shouted Neville. "No, that's Spanish!" shouted Harry with a triumphant look on his face. He was just glad he finally understood the conversation that was going on around him. "You know Spanish?" questioned Dean with bewilderment. Ron shook his head and smacked a freckled hand to his chest. "I know Spanish?" he shouted with glee. "I thought I was speaking English! I'm so bilingual." Dean shook his head, wondering why he surrounded himself with such idiots. He swiped at the spit that was on his face with the back of his hand and darted his eyes nervously to make sure no one was looking while he wiped the spit on his orange t-shirt and then took a quick swig from his cup before saying, "No, it's American. Howdy folks." Neville glared at him and went to swipe at Dean's head but missed and somehow ended up poking himself in the eye. After much laughter from the three, Neville blinked at Dean with rosy red cheeks and tutted. "Shut-up," he said with a scowl. "Write this," Ron commanded, "how now Hannah?" "How now brown cow?" Harry mumbled with a laugh. "Are you calling Hannah a cow?" Neville asked with confusion. Still, he listened to Ron and snatched the quill from his hand, scratching away on the parchment, 'How now Hannah?' It didn't make much sense to Neville but at that moment nothing really did. "That's perfect," Ron said with a slight hiccup. "How now brown cow? You wench, I desire your company at…at where ?" he asked the others around him. Harry paused and then proceeded to burp. Dean's brown eyes were slowly closing and he was leaning dangerously towards the left, threatening to fall right out of his chair. "Dinner," Neville declared with triumph. "These things tend to happen at dinner." "Right you are Neville!" Ron said with a grin. Neville squinted his eyes and stared at Ron with confusion. "I didn't say anything," he muttered, giving him a look. Ron nodded. In reality he wasn't hearing too well, he couldn't understand what Neville was saying to him. His eyes kept drooping and he heard an incessant buzzing in his ears. "Oh, right. Anyway, I desire ye company at dinner. Methinks ye are a voluptuous wench. I shall ravish you. Anon, Neville." Neville paused, dropped the quill on the parchment and leaned back in his wooden chair to soak in what Ron had just said to him. It felt rather romantic in his mind and he patted his stomach, the feeling of butterflies fluttering inside of it made him smile (really it was just indigestion). "Anon, Neville…what does anon even mean?" Harry asked, rubbing his lightning bolt scar. He was sure it was something terribly evil and was surprised when he didn't feel a prick of pain in his forehead. "It's a loving term," Ron explained quickly. "Harry, I anon you!" Harry scoffed and crossed his arms against his chest angrily. "That's not a loving term! That's ridiculous. You're all ridiculous…anon… anon …" He didn't want to admit that it did tickle his fancy after all. A big grin appeared on Harry's face and he blushed as he took a sip from his cup. Ron continued to tell him he 'anoned' him, much to Harry's pleasure. "Alright then!" Neville shouted, he quickly scribbled some words on the parchment. "Anon it is, unless you've got any better ideas?" "Don't sign it Neville!" Dean shouted, jumping out of his