Gran Dear Frank, Stop worrying about your father. You're supposed to be focusing on your studies. It's a very important year. You do want to be an Auror, don't you? So he had a bit of a slip. The Healers are being dramatic. He's unsteady they say. Walk with a cane they say. Pah! Your father is still as springy as the day I met him. Why he might have fallen but he had just disarmed three masked fools on his very own. They dare utter the word 'retirement' around him. What do they do all day besides poke and prod people? Heaven forbid you ask one of them to get you a decent pillow. So his blood pressure might be a little high for my liking and he wheezes when he walks up the stairs but the man is seasoned. I'm taking wonderful care of him as always. We'll see you during the holiday. You better be studying, Mum PS – Please do not listen to your father. You know how he likes to exaggerate. I did not threaten to hex a healer. I merely suggested she do something a bit more useful like get my husband a proper lunch than stand around 'shooting the breeze' with him. Her flirtatious nature was aggravating. My wand merely singed her lime green robe. It's nothing to worry about sweetheart! -X- If you asked Augusta Longbottom what her favorite part of her day was she would have certainly said dinner. Breakfast was unimportant because most people had it in a rush on their way to work. Lunch was just as sad because too many had their sandwiches in-between meetings if they worked or alone standing at kitchen sink like she did, not wanting to worry about crumbs. Dinner meant she could dote on her family. Though she didn't enjoy failed recipes or the jokes her husband made about her chicken (chokes once and never lets her live it down). It is the act of actually sitting down and enjoying each other's company that makes it all worthwhile. Especially when her son is home from school. "I hear too much laughing in there and not enough of the utensils being set. If I come in there and you're not ready for dinner it'll be your heads!" She shouted from the kitchen. Augusta could hear the faint sound of snickers coming from the opposite side of the door. When her son was home her husband tended to revert back to a teenager. Augusta waved her wand at the food she had just finished plating, a roasted chicken, potatoes, a medley of vegetables and some pudding and sent it lazily through the door. She followed her dishes into the dining area where her husband and son were sitting at their seats, table set, laughing at a joke she wasn't privy too. They always had these inside jokes and whispered conversations that stopped the moment she walked into the room. She would occasionally try to eavesdrop on them but found the conversations lacking. "Chicken again," Frank Sr. moaned. "And are those vegetables? Are you trying to kill me?" Augusta rolled her eyes at her plump husband. The Healers said he needed a change in his diet. His pressure was too high and no amount of potions would help if he didn't lay off the fried food and red meat. "Chicken again he says. Not thank you for the lovely meal Augusta." Frank Sr. guffawed as he prodded a piece of chicken with his fork. "Thanks mum, for the lovely meal." Frank Sr. glowered at his son. "Frank, whose side are you on?" "He's on the right side. Don't pick at your food you senile old man," she chastised as he prodded his chicken again. To him the white meat looked exceptionally dry. "What happened now?" Their son asked slightly bemused by his parents bickering. They only ever fought if his father did something and his father, though a good man, was always up to something. Augusta didn't answer and instead started to serve herself. As she cut into a chunk of potato she began to examine her son like a hawk. His normally short-cropped brown hair was much too long for her liking. He was starting to resemble a girl. An arrow was dangling from his left ear. They had already argued about his earring at the train station earlier that day. She didn't understand the phase her son was going through. "Your mother is just sensitive," Frank Sr. said with a chuckle. "Sensitive!" she shouted with outrage. "Pah!" "You know how she gets," he continued, earning a vicious glare from his wife. "It was a harmless joke." At 'harmless' Augusta turned a deep shade of red and slammed her fork down on the table. "Harmless? You call what you did, harmless ?" Their son whistled and shook his head, giving his father a knowing look. Her voice rose an octave, a clear sign of trouble ahead. "Mum, this is a really lovely dinner. Excellent chicken." He was trying to calm her down to stop her from exploding at either of them. His father smirked, a dangerous twinkle in his brown eyes. "Really? I think this chicken is rather dry." Augusta huffed. "I'm married to a child." "When did you get so uptight?" Augusta had always been uptight. Her husband brought out the playful side of her, which was why their marriage worked. She was stern and she was strict but she had a loving nature that he adored. "Here Frank Jr. sits, minding his own business because his parents have clearly lost their minds." "I thought you were on my side!" she shouted. "I thought you said there were no sides," Frank Sr. exclaimed. She snarled, "This man you call your father said he had a surprise for me in my handbag." Frank Sr. was quickly turning white as his wife began to recount the incident. He quietly grabbed for his glass of water and took a sip, avoiding the questioning eyes of his son. "In my defense," he said slowly, "I never said it was a good surprise." "Oh, Dad." Augusta ignored their interruptions and continued. "Do you want to know what his idea of a surprise was? It wasn't a nice scarf, jewelry or even a new quill—" "She has a drawer of quills. Why would I get her another quill? How unoriginal is that? I figured you'd appreciate something different." She stared at him quietly and pursed her lips. "A gerbil." Frank Jr. gaped at his father. "Dad." "A toy gerbil." "Toys do not bite you and leave droppings in your handbag!" Her husband laughed with amusement. "A very realistic toy gerbil. Whatever happened to Theodore? I hope you've been feeding him." Augusta sighed and picked up her cutlery once more. "I'm married to a lunatic." "I could say the same thing." Augusta ignored him and set her sights on their son. "Frank, what is with this long hair? You look like a girl." Frank groaned because his mother's favorite topic at dinnertime was always him. "I think he looks hip," Frank Sr. said with a shrug. Augusta growled. "Hip? There's nothing hip about having to braid a man's hair. They're never going to take you seriously in the real world Frank. You've got to think about your future." As a sixth year his future was on her mind a lot. No matter how hard she tried to convince herself otherwise her son was no longer a child. Somewhere between the nappy changes, the bedtime stories and potty training he had grown into a man. "Mum," he said with an edge of annoyance in his voice, "this is in style." "I bet it's a hit with the ladies." Frank Jr. stared at his father with a shocked expression on his face. "Dad, the only woman I want to impress is Alice." At 'woman' Augusta involuntarily scrunched up her nose. Her son was in a relationship that was far too serious for her liking. Alice was a nice girl. She had met her several times throughout the years. First as his friend and then as the girl he fawned over once his hormones kicked in. She was a nice girl but she was a plain girl. Really what bothered her was that she was a girl. Augusta wanted her son all to herself. She took great pride in being a mother. She wasn't ready to let him go just yet. "Pass the peas," Augusta said gruffly. Frank Sr. whistled. "Touchy subject when it comes to your mother. Her favorite son tied down to one woman." "I'm your only son." "That's why I got her Theodore!" Frank ignored his father as he tried to catch his mother's eye. "Mum, I really want you to like Alice." "I do." She didn't. "I like Alice," Frank Sr. said gruffly. "Doesn't my opinion matter too?" Frank sighed. Sometimes his parents were exasperating. "Of course it does. I want the both of you to like Alice. I mean…I am thinking about my future mum. I am. Especially with everything that's going on." Augusta angrily spooned a handful of peas onto her plate. She didn't like to talk about the current state of the world. There was a darkness brewing outside. People were going missing. Some were being killed. There were now curfews in place. She walked the streets with a worried head. Reading the papers made her feel uneasy but she knew her son was safe at Hogwarts. She worried less about him and more about her husband. Lately he would go days without contacting her. As much as it pained her to admit he was getting too old to still be an Auror. When he did come home after a job he was often wheezing. He moved slowly around the house and had a questionable limp that she tried her hardest to ignore. "You're both so young," Frank Sr. responded for her. He knew how touchy the subject was to his wife. "You have all the time in the world before you have to make any big commitments." "I love her," Frank said quietly, staring straight at his parents. Her breath hitched. Her son had never said that to her before. To actually hear him say the words made her feel incredibly old. Her husband quietly reached next to her and grabbed her hand, squeezing it gently. In her eyes Frank Jr. was still the little boy who would crawl into his parents bed at night because his was afraid of the shadow of the oak tree that danced on his bedroom walls at night. It seemed no matter how hard she tried she could not stop time. Being a wife and a mother was her identity. She wasn't ready to give either title up just yet. -X- The silence was deafening. She had been trying to busy herself for the past few hours because the moment she stopped she knew everything would come crashing down on her at once. It still hadn't quite hit her. Augusta was convinced the butterfly wind chime would start to sing as her husband opened the side door to enter the kitchen just like he always did after work. Her heart ached as she glanced at the wooden kitchen door waiting for the knob to turn. Tears pricked her tired eyes and she placed her attention back on the kitchen sink. She turned on the tap and started to scrub the lone yellow plate that had been sitting there all morning. "Mum?" Augusta sighed at the voice of her son and turned off the water, dropping the plate back into the soapy water. She took a deep breath and tried to calm herself as she heard him enter the kitchen. As she turned around her son was staring at her perplexed, black tie askew, the top three buttons to his crisp white shirt unbuttoned. On a normal day she would have