Wordsmith Three empty wine bottles lay forgotten on the living room floor next to a tub of melting chocolate chip ice cream. If it wasn't for magic there would have been a permanent stain from the liquid on the beige carpet that was starting to drip from its container due to the sheer fact that this was becoming almost a weekly occurrence. With a half empty red wine bottle in her hand, Hermione Granger sipped it sloppily and laughed loudly at a joke that wasn't all that funny. "And then he had the audacity to demand I pay for the entire bill. Who am I that I'm forced to pay for dinner for two?" Next to her, her best friend snorted, taking a swig from her own wine bottle. "You're Hermione Granger! That's who! Men should be throwing knuts at your feet." Hermione squinted momentarily. Ginny probably should have said galleons but money was money and lately she felt like she was starting to become virtually worthless. Dating was hard . This coming from a girl who had a hand in helping Harry Potter defeat Lord Voldemort. It was slim pickings out there and Hermione was starting to reach the bottom of the barrel. It seemed like date after date she found herself at Harry and Ginny's to complain about one poor sod after the other. "I'm going to die alone," she said glumly. "It's going to be Crookshanks and I forever. He needs a father." Ginny arched her eyebrow and then placed her wine bottle to her lips. She wasn't drunk enough for that sort of line. Usually Hermione weaved Crookshanks into the conversation when she was feeling particularly down. That meant many hours of Ginny having to convince her how truly wonderful she was. Its not like she didn't mean it. Ginny thought Hermione was a great catch. Anyone would have been lucky to have her but it was always a cliché coming from your best friend. She stared at Hermione with pity. Her eyes were slightly red from sobbing. Her brown curly hair was frizzy and unruly due to the fact she kept rubbing her head on the floor unconsciously and she had a red wine stain on her blue blouse. Really , any guy would have been lucky to have her. "That's part of your problem," another voice said, entering the room. "Get rid of that bloody monster." Hermione rolled her eyes. "Hello to you too Ron," she said snootily. He mumbled a half-hearted hello and took a seat on the floor next to Ginny, taking a sip from her bottle. "Not like my date tonight went any better. Expect me to pay for five course meals these women! Then they want to hear about what it's like to be friends with Harry Potter." He made a disgusted face and took a long drink from the bottle, staring at Hermione in deep thought. "Can't we just give it another go?" Hermione coughed and had to sit up from her position, spitting wine onto the carpet further staining it. "Because that wasn't a train wreck," Ginny responded for her and then promptly punched her brother. Ron winced and then shrugged. "Well, at the rate we go out we're running out of options. It's going to be the last resort. Come on Hermione, what do you say?" Hermione snorted and pointed her open bottle at Ron, some of the contents spilling on the carpet. "I'll move to Africa if I have to. I'll scour the ends of the earth for a man that isn't you." It wasn't like their relationship ended badly. It was a mutual break-up and they were still friends. Ron just liked to gripe on about it when he was in a bad mood. Sometimes, Hermione thought it would be easier getting back together with him. They dated because that was what everyone expected of them but after the first two weeks they realized there were no sparks there. There was no romance or hint of sexual desire. Sex wasn't even on the table for the two months they were testing things out. "We're going to die alone," Ron said pathetically, slumping on Ginny. "We're going to be one of those elderly people in commercials where they've fallen and they can't get up and then their family finds them a month later dead." A loud sigh could be heard as someone bounded down the steps and into the living room. Ginny smiled, red in the face, at her fiancé who had a sour look on his face as he eyed the group. "Alright, alright. Once the two of you start agreeing on things and getting morbid that's when I have to cut you off. Ron," Harry said sternly, "go home." Ron didn't need to be told twice. Having had only one drink at dinner and a few sips of Ginny's wine he disappeared with a loud crack. "Come on Hermione, let's get you upstairs and in bed." Harry put his hand out and helped her get up slowly. She wobbled slightly on her feet. He had to guide her up the stairs and down the corridor to the guest bedroom that she regularly spent the night in. "Harry," she said with a slight hiccup, "do you think I'll ever find someone?" He had to stop himself from groaning and gently pushed her towards her room, turning on the light. The room was virtually empty except for a bed with freshly pressed white sheets. Harry said as much as he loved Ginny's family he didn't want to give them the impression or anyone else that they could be long term visitors. He refused to fully furnish the room. "You have to find someone," he said matter-of-factly while helping her take off her shoes. "I haven't had sex in two weeks because you're always here. I love you but I love sex too. Sex is great. You need sex in your life." Hermione stared at him slightly startled and pink in the cheeks. "Sex, well, I haven't had sex in—" Harry shook his head violently. "I don't need to know how long it's been Hermione. The point is you need to stop being so damn picky." Hermione didn't respond as Harry placed the white duvet over her body and then turned off the lights. -X- Hermione awoke the next morning with a headache and a scowl on her face. Picky. Ha! She was not picky. If anything she was selective and yes, there was a difference. Was she supposed to lower her standards in order to meet somebody? Was she supposed to be miserable because they weren't as smart as her, cultured or interesting? Was she supposed to dumb it down and twirl her hair when they asked her if she was scared of Voldemort? That wasn't Hermione. Hermione was a strong independent woman who didn't need a man. She just wanted one. Preferably one by tomorrow that would want to be her husband in two years because she had a five-year plan that she was falling behind on. Hermione blinked tiredly and rubbed her crusty eyes. She was debating between sneaking out so she didn't have to see Harry or Ginny or trudging downstairs and giving them a piece of her mind and then having breakfast. Her stomach grumbled and she realized she was going with the latter. It was Saturday and that meant Harry was cooking. He made a delicious omelet. She threw the white duvet off of her and peeled her body from the bed. Before she headed down the stairs she turned to look at herself in the mirror that was hanging in the corridor. She looked like she had been through hell and back. Her makeup had streaked down her cheeks, her hair needed a thorough combing and she had stains down her front. She shrugged her shoulders and headed downstairs anyway. She didn't have to worry about Harry or Ginny judging her. Entering the kitchen, the sunlight made her wince momentarily. Harry was in his blue and white striped pajamas, humming as he scrambled some eggs and Ginny was reading the paper while munching on a piece of bacon. "Good morning sunshine," she said cheerily as Hermione entered. Hermione flopped down onto a wooden chair next to her and grunted in response. Functioning with a hangover was never easy. "I'm not picky," she said after several minutes of silence. Ginny and Harry didn't respond, which only infuriated Hermione. "I'm not ! You seriously cannot agree with Harry, Gin." Ginny gave her an amused smile and handed the paper to her friend with the dating ads front and center. Hermione rolled her eyes. When dating Ron hadn't worked out Ginny had suggested she open herself up to new ideas. Browsing the personal ads, which was a new thing in the Wizarding World, was one of suggestions. "But you are, you are unbelievably picky. Here, check block H." Hermione rolled her eyes but started to scan the page as Harry placed a plate of eggs and bacon in front of her. The smell made her slightly queasy but there was no way she could resist his food even if it made her sick later. "Good looking man seeks female who likes to cook, clean and press laundry. Looks not important but nimble fingers are. Good heavens," Hermione said, dropping the paper to the table. "Ginny, says here he's seventy." "Maybe you need an older man." Hermione stared at her with a look of annoyance. "I'm not dating your father." "Well, you can't. He's taken. See, picky." Harry gave Ginny a lopsided smile. "Even I have to back Hermione on this one. It sounds like he's looking for a maid and not a wife," Harry said, taking a seat across from them and digging into his own breakfast. "Listen to this one," Ginny said, peering over the paper, "Sexy Scottish male seeking athletic woman. Must love Quidditch. I wonder who could that be?" Harry gave her a wry smile. "Oliver Wood, always looking for the one. What do you say Hermione, how about nightly sessions riding his broom?" Hermione snorted, nearly choking on a piece of egg. "Shut-up Harry. See this is the problem. There's no originality and I know most of the single men in the Wizarding community." There was no arguing there. It was as if she had made a pass through all of their schoolmates. There was a brief flirtation with Dean Thomas that ended after twenty minutes because Ron of all people couldn't handle the two together and kept shouting something about a 'girl code.' She accidentally responded to block A once, which turned out to be Neville. She went to dinner at his house because his Gran screened all of his dates. She kept talking about how brave Neville was during the Battle of Hogwarts. Slay one snake and you're a hero. Mind you Hermione had been petrified at twelve, played deadly wizards chess at eleven and saved a supposed killer from the Dementor's kiss at thirteen. She had experienced so much more that killing a snake wouldn't have made her blink twice. Suffice to say Augusta Longbottom was not impressed with her attitude. "Block D sounds responsible," Harry said, taking a look at the ads. "Tall, well educated young man ready to begin his life with Mrs. Right. Loves spontaneity, debating hot button issues and women with a flair for life." Hermione eagerly grabbed the paper. "That sounds just like me!" Ginny grinned. "Somewhat. I suppose. Well, what are you waiting for? Answer it. Ha, look at Block G." Hermione scanned the paper quickly and smirked. "Must dislike Harry Potter." "It doesn't say that," Harry said, trying to grab the paper from her. He glanced at Block G and scowled. "This is why you can't trust the Prophet . They'll publish anything." Hermione and Ginny started laughing as Harry sulked in his seat. The air felt lighter. Hermione