Hormones Harry yawned as he flipped another page in his book. He had been reading for over an hour now. The words were starting to blur together but a day off from work meant he could relax and engage in any shenanigans he normally didn't have time for. The kids were downstairs and preoccupied with whatever game they had created for the day. His wife lay curled up next to him jotting down notes as she read from her own book, struggling to write an article about something or other. He tilted his head and gave Ginny a once over. Her long red hair was tied up in a messy bun. Her forehead was creased and her nose wrinkled slightly as she mumbled to herself. She was wearing a baggy t-shirt and blue striped pajama bottoms that belonged to Harry. Even after all these years Harry thought she was the most beautiful woman in the world. "God, you're beautiful," he said, trying to sneakily grab her feathered green quill. Ginny rolled her eyes in response. Compliments meant he had one thing on his mind and one thing only. "I mean it," he said with a lopsided grin. He snatched her quill and threw it to the side. Her book quickly followed. "You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen. This hair," he reached out and touched a few strands of her messy red hair. "These cheeks," his fingers caressed her face lovingly. "And these lips." Harry leaned in and kissed her softly as his hands found the hem of her white t-shirt. Ginny laughed and then groaned inwardly, her cheeks coloring slightly. "Harry, I have to start fixing dinner in twenty minutes. We don't have time for this." His hands traveled up her shirt slowly as he kissed her neck. She shivered at his touch and made no moves to push him away. "I only need ten," he whispered in her ear. It wasn't something to brag about but Harry learned after becoming a parent sex becomes somewhat of an anomaly. You have to learn the most efficient way to have it and then cut that time down in half. Foreplay, he learned, was for newlyweds still stuck in that fog of marital bliss, which disappeared during the first night of nappy changes and screaming colicky lungs. It had been a little over a week since they were last intimate due to the kids being home from school for the summer. There were so many day trips, family festivities and fights between siblings they had to referee alone time was nonexistent. Ginny grinned and coyly nodded her head in agreement. Harry didn't need to be told twice. He pulled his white t-shirt up and over his head and quickly unbuckled his trousers, more than ready to go in for the kill. He pulled her pants down in one quick motion and was already on top of her and kissing her chest as the bedroom door creaked opened. The sound made the two of them jump and crane their necks to see what exactly interrupted them. Their mouths hung open in horror and their cheeks reddened as they stared at their eldest son, James, in the doorway. He stood there silently, eyes wide open and hands up in the air as if to say, 'I surrender.' All three remained still until James shakily turned on his heel and ran back down the corridor from where he came from. -X- Dinner was awkward. Albus and Lily were unaware of the event that had unfolded nearly an hour before. They tittered on and on about their day while James stared at his food and moved his chicken around his plate with his fork, unable to eat anything. Harry was so nervous at the thought of facing his son he could barely eat his own supper. His hand shook so violently peas kept flying off of his fork. One nearly hit Albus in the eye. Ginny, much to his dismay, had no problem keeping her cool throughout the entire meal. Now, Harry paced back and forth in their bedroom with the door locked while his wife was getting ready for bed. He wouldn't even sneak a glance at her while she undressed like he normally did. He was too ashamed. "Harry, you're going to wear out our rug." He halted his pacing for a moment to examine the lilac colored rug underneath his feet that looked somewhat worn now thanks to him. "I'll buy a new one," he said, resuming his pacing. Ginny sighed and climbed into bed, snuggling under their matching lilac duvet. "Would you just calm down?" Hysterically, Harry threw his hands in the air and then started to pull at his messy hair. "We're horrible parents," he cried. "The worst parents imaginable. Our son saw us in heat ." Ginny crossed her arms against her chest from her spot in bed. "Well, he really saw you more than me…and more of your behind than anything." Harry groaned and hung his head in his hands. "My pants were around my ankles!" he cried. "Merlin," Ginny said with a whistle, "he's going to think that's how you're supposed to have intercourse. Half dressed with your socks on." Harry glared at her, green eyes shining. "I told you, my feet get cold." Ginny snorted and waved her hand in the air as if to dismiss him. "He'll get over it. By tomorrow morning something new will have his attention." He stared at her, unconvinced. "Did you ever walk in on your parents?" "Heavens no!" she shouted, horrified. "We were told to always knock if their door was closed, which wasn't very often now that I think about it. They had to keep an eye on Fred and George. They were constantly wreaking havoc at night. Look, if you're that broken up about it go talk to him and tell him he should really knock next time." Next time? Next time? Like hell there was going to be a next time. "What the hell do I even say to him?" Ginny pondered his question for several minutes before responding. "That sex is a perfectly natural thing that happens between two loving and responsible adults. I don't know, you read the parenting books," she said with a hint of annoyance in her voice. She tossed and turned in their bed, trying to make herself more comfortable. Harry gaped at her. He couldn't believe what he was hearing. "My son is fifteen. He shouldn't know anything about sex." Ginny sat up, suddenly alert, and stared directly at her husband with a horrified look on her face. "Haven't you had the talk with him yet?" Harry shook his head vigorously. "The talk? Are you daft?" She groaned. "Harry, he's fifteen . You need to have the talk with him." Harry suddenly felt very tired and very old. His son was fifteen, much too young for sex. When he was his age he was fighting to stay alive. He was too busy doing other things like heading Dumbledore's Army, dodging Umbridge and kissing Cho Chang. The last part wasn't important because sex wasn't on his mind! He could barely handle snogging, let alone a little innocent kiss like the one they had shared. "You have the talk with him," he murmured. Ginny sighed tiredly and stretched in bed, trying to make herself comfortable once again. "I get the girl." Harry glared at her. "You mean I have to do this twice?" he said with horror. "You wanted to have more than one child," she responded icily. Harry couldn't believe what he was hearing. First James and then Albus? He survived Voldemort's reign of terror to have his life ended by his children and their growing hormones. "As I recall I didn't get any complaints out of you during all the long nights we spent trying ," he responded hotly. If he was in his right mind he would have stopped to recall the nights, mornings and afternoon delights. "Nor I from you," she said. Her voice was filled with a dangerous tone that Harry tried his hardest to steer clear of. "You're going to have to talk to him eventually. He won't want his mother to speak to him. Didn't your Uncle sit down and have a talk with you?" Harry couldn't help himself. He laughed from his spot on the rug. Vernon Dursley give him the talk? That would have been priceless . "About how much of a nuisance I was!" he snapped, a wild fire in his eyes. "Do you really think Vernon Dursley sat down with his freak nephew and talked about intercourse with him?" Ginny flinched. Harry was still extremely sensitive about his upbringing. She knew it was a low blow but she was starting to feel sleepy. "Well…" she whispered, unsure. Harry started pacing quicker than before. He pumped his arms up and down as he walked, trying to get some of his frustration out. "Ginny, the man probably thinks we cast a spell with our wands at the belly and our children are just created that way." "Alright," she said exasperated. "Maybe you should talk to another man about this. You need to experience it as well. I don't know Harry. All I want to do is sleep," she groaned. Harry halted at the foot of their bed and gaped at her. "How can you sleep at a time like this? Our household is in shambles!" Ginny smacked herself in the face and groaned loudly in frustration. "Have a kid with Harry, they said. It'll be great, they said. How did you learn about sex then?" He stared at her and mulled over her question quietly in his head. "Well, I mean…I just knew." She wrinkled her nose and arched her eyebrow in disbelief. "You just knew? No one just knows ." He shrugged. "I'm the boy who lived. I know things." Ginny snorted in mild amusement. "What, you learned about it from Voldemort?" Harry glowered at her. "No! There was no talk for me. I just had urges that I had to learn to deal with and learn about on my own." He wasn't going to tell her the truth. Harry was a lot of things but dumb wasn't one of them. His wife didn't need to know he learned about sex after he started to feel particular urges in his nether region after thinking about Cho Chang. Harry suddenly felt very hot as he recalled just how much he used to think about Cho and what she had hidden underneath her fitted school uniform. "Harry, calm down. You're as red as a tomato. I'm only joking. Look, if you're that worked up about it maybe you should ask Ron what he's said to Hugo," Ginny suggested warmly. Harry grumbled under his breath at her suggestion. As if he needed the entire Weasley family to be involved in this. "That's embarrassing. Hermione will get involved. You and I both know it." Ginny nodded in agreement. "You know Ron can't keep anything to himself. The both of them…one drink in and they start singing secrets." Ginny groaned and blushed a deep shade of red. "I apologized for that profusely." Harry glared at her. "My feet get really cold during sex. They're like icicles. It's unfair to be made fun of about it when I'm doing you a favor." He shuddered at the memory of Hermione barreling towards him and Ron with a margarita in her hand, brown eyes filled with mischief, as she loudly told his personal secret to her husband—and everyone else around them. "Hermione and alcohol don't mix," she said sheepishly. "The haiku she made…" Ginny groaned and grabbed the pillow that was next to her, placing it on top of her face. "Harry," her voice was muffled from the pillow, "go to bed." He stomped his feet like a child and crossed his arms against his chest. "I can't sleep,"