Disclaimer: Anything you recognize belongs to J.K. Rowling. Pump It Up Percy Weasley didn't like the sound that was coming from the group of sixth year Ravenclaw girls. They were giggling, something out of character for the 'Claw girls who were normally studiously studying and quizzing each other left and right. Of course the weather was nicer. Ties were being loosened (much to Percy's displeasure, it got rather annoying having to constantly reprimand everyone to please remember the dress code), jumpers were being shoved into satchels and certain male seventh years were wearing tighter shirts to reveal the muscles they had miraculously acquired over the winter. "…Isn't he dreamy ?" A voice asked with a sigh. "And look at all those muscles." "There are more muscles than I could have ever imagined. I wonder what it's like to have his arms wrapped around you." Percy stopped, trying to slow down the rapid beating in his heart. He peered over the corner from where he was hiding and was shocked to realize the voice was coming from Penelope Clearwater. She was the girl he had started to realize was rather nice and not in a 'Let's be friends,' nice but more in a, 'I want you to meet my mum and snog you behind a tree,' type of nice. Girls were a foreign concept to Percy. He always had his nose in a book or was busy with Prefect meetings or trying to stop his brothers from blowing up the school. Something had changed inside of him over the summer when he was locked in his room trying to study. Leggy blondes kept walking around in his head, bending over and pursing their lips at him… well , Percy smacked himself with his hand. He really had to stop himself before his thoughts went too far. Just the other day he had found himself drooling in the library when he saw Penelope bending down to pick up her quill. Madam Pince had not been thrilled to accept the sopping book from his fingers. Percy swallowed, trying to focus on Penelope's frizzy curly blonde hair. The girl she was talking to, Melinda something, was holding open a magazine that revealed an oily man with really unnaturally white teeth while another girl, Helen, glared at him. "Penelope," he said loudly, "what are you doing?" The three girls jumped, eyes opened wide with fear. Melinda snapped her magazine shut and shoved it quickly into her satchel, hiding behind Penelope since she was taller than her. Percy didn't even acknowledge the brunette girl; his eyes instead were on Penelope's blue ones. "Oh Percy, we were just…" Melinda whispered, trying to come up with something to say. Penelope said nothing. She didn't even bother acknowledging Percy. " Just?" he questioned lightly, waiting for her to continue. Helen rolled her eyes. "We were examining what real men look like. Hm. Let's take a look and compare, shall we?" She tried to grab the magazine from Melinda who shakily fought her off. Percy felt himself blush. He really couldn't stand Helen. Her social aggression towards him made Percy want to drop his head in his hands and rush off towards the girl's loo to have a long cry with Moaning Myrtle. "Helen," Melinda said thickly, "stop it." Did Penelope really have a thing for muscular men with unnaturally white teeth? He tried to puff out his chest but he knew there were no muscles to reveal. He was a pasty, freckle faced lanky Weasley whose only exercise was walking around the castle and picking large books off of the shelves in the library. Sometimes, when he was really lazy and tired, he used a summoning spell instead of physically reaching for the books. "Hullo, Percy!" Penelope said with a small smile, blinking her eyes and finally acknowledging him. His heart fluttered and then proceeded to drop in his chest, all the way down to the floor. It was really unhealthy being attracted to girls. One minute he was flustered and stuttering, the next his whole body would shake. Sometimes he would sweat profusely around her while others he couldn't stop talking about menial things like how to properly tie ones shoelaces. (The rabbit goes over, under and through the hole!) "What are you doing?" Percy repeated, removing his blue horn-rimmed spectacles and wiping at his sweaty forehead. He hoped her eyes didn't fall on his lack of bicep muscle. "N-nothing," Penelope stuttered, Melinda squeaked behind her. "We were just taking a stroll. Working on our…lung…capacity?" Merlin, she was perfect. She cared about her lung capacity and took strolls inside of the castle instead of outside. She must have cared about sunrays and freckles appearing on her fair skin too. Percy cursed in his head and tried to force his eyes to stop roaming over her body. Now he was thinking if she had freckles or birth marks on her body…if the skin he couldn't see underneath her Hogwarts uniform was a shade lighter like his was. "You have quite a set of," his eyes targeted her chest, there was really nothing there but it was fine to Percy. He quickly averted his eyes and stared down at the floor, Melinda giggled, "lungs," he mumbled. Penelope blushed but he didn't realize because he was still staring down at his shoes. They were slightly scuffed and had a hole in the big toe. "Thanks Percy. Well, we should go. I'll see you for rounds later." He nodded and watched her walk off, Melinda and Helen trailing behind her. Percy knew he was being stupid. Someone like Penelope Clearwater wouldn't like him. He was practically see through since he never went out in the sun and he was probably the only sixth year that had never kissed a girl. He turned on his heel, ready to go wallow in self pity at the library before he saw Melinda running towards him, her small feet hitting against the stone floor loudly. "Percy!" she shouted, waving her hand in the air while holding her magazine rolled up in the other. "Yes, Melinda?" he asked, fidgeting with his glasses. The tiny sixth year brunette Ravenclaw, face flushed red and brown eyes casted down to the floor stood before him, hopping on the balls of her feet nervously. She held out the hand that was clutching the magazine to Percy. "Get some abs," she said with a giggle. "Clearwater has a thing for them." Percy grabbed the magazine, stunned, and stared down at the picture of some bloke named Rudolpho whose chest was bare and shiny in the picture. If it meant getting a potential girlfriend or at least someone to take his snogging virginity away then he would get abs, a whole pack of them. -x- The dormitory was deserted. Percy had made sure of that as he levitated a long mirror from the bathroom into the dormitory room and rested on the side of his bed. He hoped everyone would stay outside for another hour or two because what he was about to do would have probably made him more of a social outcast than he was already. He closed his eyes tightly as he shakily started to remove his clothing. He loosened his tie and then unbuttoned his school shirt, taking a small peek from his left eye to look at himself in the mirror. It was worse than he thought. His skin was so white and pasty and it reminded him of the color of milk. Thanks to his freckles he looked like dirty milk. "You're sexy. A real…firecracker," he said to his reflection. He frowned, quickly unbuttoning his trousers and then wiggled his legs so they fell to the ground. He shivered as a slight breeze rolled in through the window, making the hair on his arms stand up. The magazine was on the wooden floor, open to page thirty-seven that promised six simple steps to getting rock hard abs. He had memorized the words and the pictures in his head, having had stared at them for the last hour and a half. None of the steps told him to get undressed but he needed to find out what he was working with. It really wasn't much. He tried to flex his arms like he had seen the men in the magazines do but no bulging bicep appeared. He squeezed as hard as he could, cheeks turning red, trying to engage his stomach muscles but he couldn't even see a 'one-pack.' "Any girl would be lucky to have you," he said to himself. "At least that's what Mum says…" He didn't even want a one-pack or a six-pack, a half-pack would have been perfectly fine with Percy. He exhaled, letting the color drain from his face and sighed pathetically. Step one had said something about crunches. To get on the floor and put your hands on the tip of your ears and pull your upper body up and down. Percy dropped to the floor, howling slightly as his upper body made contact with the cold floor. He was thankful he hadn't taken off his black socks or else his feet would have been cold even though they kept slipping as he tried to plant them on the floor. "Alright Percy," he whispered to himself, "let's work out." Percy took a deep breath and tried to peel his cold upper body off from the floor. He felt a crick in his neck as he tired to pull himself up but just trying was tiring. He exhaled, letting his hands rest on the floor. "I think," he said to himself, "that counts as one." He only had one hundred and ninety-nine to go. "I definitely deserve a water break after that one," he said, wiping at his sweating forehead. Because of the conversation he was having with himself he missed the door to the dormitory creak open and someone walk in, staring at him with their mouth open and head cocked to the side. "What the bloody hell do you think you're doing?" A confused voice asked him. Percy groaned, flipping onto his stomach and staring at Oliver Wood with a sheepish grin on his face as his glasses slid down his slightly moist noise. "It's really not as bad as it looks," he said with a weak grin. Inside his head the wheels were turning as he stared up at Oliver Wood. Captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch Team, Scottish, tall build, Percy had never seen him without a shirt on before but he was certain he had to have a set of abs hidden somewhere. Girls were always talking about Quidditch players and their 'toned abs.' Oliver shook his head. "Put some clothes on," he commanded roughly. "And you call yourself a Prefect." -x- If really wasn't fair that Oliver didn't know what he was getting himself into. He should have known Percy was a nuisance the way he always nitpicked and tried to dock house points for the tiniest things ( you have your shoelaces untied, three points!). "No!" Oliver shouted, closing the red hangings around his bed. Percy normally wouldn't have invaded another person's bed quarters but he was desperate. He flung back the red hangings and struggled to fight against Oliver as he pulled his matching red and gold duvet over his head. " Please ," Percy begged, pulling at the duvet. "Oliver, you have no idea how much this would mean to me." "I don't care!" he shouted, grumbling to himself. Percy supposed he should have asked Oliver to help him first and then explain his current ab-session, instead of asking him to remove his shirt and let Percy take a 'gander' at his chest. "Penelope will never go out with me if you don't help me," he explained quickly. At 'Penelope,' Oliver stopped fighting against Percy and let the duvet fall down to his neck. He peered at Percy with shocked brown eyes and arched his