Disclaimer: Anything you recognize belongs to J.K. Rowling. Driving Lessons "Why are you wearing a helmet?" It was a normal Sunday for Ronald Weasley as he stared at Dean Thomas with a confused look. Dean tapped the top of his pink helmet with flowers and shrugged. "Harry here advised me to. He said it was and I quote, 'For my own good.' He plopped it right on my head with a sticking charm." Ron rolled his eyes and then looked at Harry who was grinning sheepishly. "That's what friends are for." Ron growled. Harry was so dramatic. He trusted Ron to practically save the entire wizard community, no , the world , but when it came to a silly car Harry got nervous. As Ron remembered very clearly his excellent driving skills saved Harry years ago. His future brother-in-law could be so ungrateful. "We're in an empty parking lot. What can go wrong?" Harry whistled in response and patted Dean on the back. He warned him. Oh , Harry had warned him for over an hour what it would be like teaching Ron how to drive. Really, Harry should have gone to the DMV himself and put up a picture of Ron, telling them all to automatically deny him his license but Harry was not going to waste his time. When Ron wanted to do something he had to do it. It didn't help that Hermione was backing the idea. Ron get his license? Lovely! They could travel the world with their currently nonexistent children. He could experience what it was like to live like a Muggle. Dean felt uneasy at Ron's question. How he got into himself in this situation, he did not know. "Are you going to ride with us?" Ron asked Harry hopefully. "I'm here for moral support. I will support you from far away . Far, far away from sidewalks and streets and maybe buildings. I might have to climb a tree for safety." Dean gulped nervously and Ron grumbled. "I'll show you, you'll be begging me to drive you places. Like the cinema and…" Dean cut him off and grabbed Ron's shoulder. "Let's just get started. Did you read the drivers manual I gave you?" Ron said nothing as they walked over to Dean's car. It was blue with a few dents and scratches in the paint. Ron didn't know anything about the make or the model. He opened the driver's door and sat down in the seat trying to make himself comfortable. On the dashboard, there was a plastic figure of a girl in a coconut bra with a grass skirt and a guitar. Ron flicked it with his finger and it began to move from side to side. The car smelled strangely of dirty socks and there were clothes and food containers in the backseat. He could not blame Harry for making up an excuse and not wanting to come into the car because that's what it was, wasn't it? Harry really did believe Ron could drive, didn't he? "Ron?" Ron snapped out of his thoughts and turned his head, facing Dean, who was waiting for him to answer. His brows were furrowed and his facial expression was one filled with worry. "I perused it," he said quietly. Dean groaned. By 'perused' Ron really looked at the last page that said, 'Congratulations, you're ready for your license!,' and then tossed it aside. He didn't need a book to teach him how to drive. He drove a flying car for Godric's sake! "Here, just take the keys. Turn the car on and tuck yourself in while I write my will down. Tell Seamus I love him. He's been a good mate." A will, oh please! Dean didn't even have a notary witch present. Ron figured he better not agitate the instructor. He rolled his eyes but didn't say anything. In truth, Dean was Ron's last choice to teach him how to drive. His main issue was he didn't know many muggleborns or half-blood's that knew how to drive. Harry said he experienced enough car rides with the Dursley's to never want to learn and Hermione didn't like the idea of being behind the wheel but she encouraged him immensely. Then there was Hannah who nearly said yes but Neville just had to butt himself into the conversation and vehemently reject the idea. Something about not wanting Hannah to lose any limbs. He grabbed the key from Dean and examined it for a second before placing it into the slot and turning the car on. Whew, Ron realized he was sweating and wiped at his brow with his forearm. The hard part was over. The car was on. As an after thought he buckled himself in and then tapped his fingertips on the steering wheel, brimming with excitement. The sky was clear, the sun was shining and the parking lot was empty so there would be no causalities. Not that Ron didn't believe in himself and his abilities. "Are you done being a pansy?" Ron asked lightly. "Shut-up Ron," said Dean with a snarl. "Alright. Let's take this slow. I'm going to assume you know where the gas and break pedal are. So, we're just going to ease out from our spot and roll." Right, that's what those little pedals by his feet were called again. He wondered which was which but figured he would find out in a few seconds. Besides, Ron could roll . His smile was wide as he squinted and pressed his foot down hard against the gas. The car pushed forward quickly, gaining speed, and Ron threw his hands up in the air alarmed as Dean shouted next to him. "Slow down! Slow down!" Dean instructed, holding onto the side of the car. "Never take your hands off the wheel! Ten and two! Ten and two!" Ron didn't know what ten and two meant but he gripped the wheel as the car was being directed towards the end of the parking lot and towards a group of trees. Without thinking he pressed his left foot against the break making the two of them jolt forward, their seatbelts stopping them from flying out the window. Dean was panting like he just ran a marathon, holding onto his seatbelt and the car door. Ron said nothing with one foot on the break, hands gripping the wheel, knuckles white, and a sheepish grin on his face. "Dean, I think I've eased into it," he said quietly. -x- Dean stared at Ron absolutely petrified for a solid five minutes. He could hear his heart beating in his head and was convinced his insides were so shaken they had repositioned themselves. "Bloody hell," Dean said breathlessly. "Harry was not joking." "Come on. We're only ten minutes in. That was the warm-up, don't quit now." Dean glared at Ron, trying to make sense of his surroundings. He wasn't entirely sure he was alive after that stunt. He thought maybe, just maybe, Ron would get better with time. Every time he told Ron to 'ease in' with the gas and drive in a straight line, Ron would press against the gas and squeal with glee. At least he was keeping a hold of the wheel. The only reason Ron convinced him to continue teaching was Harry who promised he would join them in the back seat and give Dean protective elbow and kneepads since he kept slipping and sliding everywhere. Harry sat in the back, pinching his nose at the smell of dirty socks in the car and had to keep kicking empty food tins away from his feet. To say Ron was getting better would be a lie. To say he was getting worse would be an understatement. "Ron, you're horrible at this. It's like you're ignoring everything I say." Ron didn't hear what Dean said. He was humming to himself and tapping the wheel with his fingertips. He was imagining how fun it would be traveling the states in a big van with his seven unborn children (even though Hermione swore they were only having one, but he was irresistible and great in bed). They would sing muggle songs and do muggle things. Ron was not entirely sure what muggles did while traveling but he was engaged to a muggle expert. "That's because he's not listening," said Harry with a slight groan. "It goes in one ear and out the other. We need to come up with a plan." "We need to get out of this bloody car alive." Harry agreed silently. If they could just get Ron to pay attention for longer than five seconds he halfheartedly believed they would get somewhere. "Alright," said Harry. "I've got an idea." -x- The obstacle course, Ron noted, was scary. He could fight Death Eater's, bring down Voldemort and propose to Hermione Granger but he knew this was going to be his downfall. Bloody Harry. "This is what you have to do," instructed Dean. "Just drive at a reasonable speed. A turn here, a turn there. Don't knock down any cones or kill any of the obstacles." Ron gulped. "Kill?" "I did a little spell, things are going to pop out at you." "Like what exactly, Harry?" he asked nervously. Harry grinned, green eyes shining with excitement. "Oh, just a couple of stop signs, lights, expecting women. The usual." Ron blanched and looked at Dean who was giving him a sideways glance and was now wearing a padded orange vest. "Don't kill the pedestrians," said Dean. "That definitely won't help you pass your driving exam. Now, let's do this. Are you ready?" Ron wanted to tell them no but he slowly put the car in drive and pressed down on the gas. It wasn't his fault he had a lead foot. Surely it had to run in his family or something. Maybe driving a car was like playing Quidditch. Instead of dodging balls you had to dodge people in order to get to your destination. He squinted his eyes and was filled with determination as he shakily drove the car towards the obstacle, hoping Godric was on his side today, or Dumbledore, or his older brother, to guide him through the thing. Orange cones wobbled on the right as the car started to veer off in that direction. "Ron," coached Dean, "keep it straight. Move the wheel to the left. Ease up on the gas." Harry sat silently in the back chewing his bottom lip as Ron's left eye twitched, trying to do what he was told. The car slowed and he turned the wheel slightly to the left, the orange cones had stopped wobbling on both sides. He was actually driving in a straight line. "You're doing it!" Harry said with surprise. Ron snorted. Of course he was doing it. He was Ronald Weasley! Driver extraordinaire! It was as easy as feeding candy to a hippog— " RON! WATCH OUT! " Dean shouted, shutting his eyes closed and gripping his chest. Ron screeched and gripped the wheel with all his might, unsure of what to do, as a grandfather type figure materialized from thin air in front of the car. He walked absentmindedly with a cane, trudging along without a care in the world. "What do I do? What do I do?" "Calm down," said Harry. "This is just another obstacle." Ron relaxed and continued driving straight towards the man and Harry smacked himself on the head. "That doesn't mean you hit him Ron. Do you want to go to muggle prison?" Ron clicked his tongue in thought. "Is it as bad as Azkaban?" " RON! " "Alright, alright. I'm slowing down. No need to get your knickers in a twist." He slowed the car down to a stop and the old man disappeared as he finished crossing from one cone to another. Dean peeked through his fingers that were covering his eyes and sighed loudly. Before he could say anything, even though he wasn't sure