Disclaimer: Anything you recognize belongs to J.K. Rowling. Becoming a Longbottom For the first time in many years, the Longbottom house was quiet. Normally there was laughter coming from the two inhabitants of the house. Most of the time it was bickering, especially around the time Neville Longbottom's grandmother, Augusta, was serving meals. The old woman really knew how to treat her grandson like a child, offering to place a bib around his neck and sometimes feed him his food since he didn't seem capable of wrapping his head around the idea of doing his own laundry surely he still had to be fed like a child. Today, neither of them were joking around. The old wooden dining table was set for dinner and there were said sighs shared between the two of them as they waited for their regular guest to arrive. Augusta had gotten used to setting a place for Hannah Abbot at the table. Neville and Hannah had been dating for two years now and she couldn't have been happier for her grandson. Even though his girlfriend still worked in a filthy bar. "Neville?" she whispered his name, reaching her hands towards him. Her chair creaked underneath her weight, breaking the silence between them. He had been sitting in his chair for the past hour, silent and unmoving, staring at a piece of wrinkled parchment in his hand. "Say something, please." His brown eyes looked into hers sadly and a grim expression appeared on his round face. Neville sighed tiredly and patted his grandmother's hand before leaning back in his chair and letting the parchment fall on the dining table. "It isn't fair," he whispered, tapping his fingers on the table. "She'll be effected by it too…how am I supposed to tell her?" Augusta frowned and busied herself by smoothing down her magenta robes. "It's hard on all of us but we'll get through it together as a," she paused, the word at the tip of her tongue, "family." Neville's brown eyes shined momentarily before going back to their dull sadness. Family . His Gran had never spoken about Hannah like that before. Like she could be something more than his girlfriend, a Longbottom too. Not just an Abbot. A knock at the door made the two of them jump. Neville pulled out his wand, pointing it at the roasted chicken that had gone cold. Steam started to appear as he heated it up and then he flicked his wand at the side of mashed potatoes and vegetables. Augusta rose from her chair and rushed off towards the door, getting ready to greet Hannah loudly. "Gran!" he called out, dropping his wand and jumping out of his chair, letting it fall back on the floor with a loud thud . She was almost at the door so he ran out of the dining area and into the kitchen, to the back door, ignoring the light tapping noise that was coming from outside. "What's wrong Neville?" He bounced nervously on the balls of his feet and tugged at the green tie that was tightly hugging his neck. "Do you really mean that?" he asked. Augusta raised her eyebrows in question. "About Hannah. I mean…do you…consider her part of the family? Could you see her as part of the family?" Her lips went into a thin line and her wrinkled face relaxed as she stared at her sweating grandson. He had grown so quickly from an infant to a full-fledged man. He wore suits, purchased nice dress robes, and had a girlfriend and even a job . One that paid him and was respectable and could bring him places if he decided to stick with it. He had honored their family by fighting in the war and visited his parents every other week. As much as Augusta nagged him about menial things about the house he was her world and she didn't know if she was ready to fully share him with someone else. But she was old. Her bones creaked, her legs hurt and her back always felt like someone was kicking it. As much as she liked to pretend she had a lot of life and spunk left inside of her, Augusta would die one day and what would she leave Neville with? A house filled with sad memories and clothing fit for a thick woman with a nice collection of hats that had stuffed feathers, vultures and even raccoons. She needed someone to share that with. Someone to share Neville with but she just wasn't ready. "Of course," she said sadly with a tight smile. She might not have been ready to share Neville but soon she would have to. She had seen the same hopeful look on a man once before. He had asked her a similar question many years ago about a good girl. Her son had picked the right woman. She knew Neville had too. Augusta turned towards the door, patted down her magenta robes and then made sure her matching hat with a stuffed bluebird was positioned correctly on her head before she opened the door and smiled warmly at Hannah. She stood in the doorway and smiled back, blonde hair slightly frizzy, sweat dripping on her face, wearing a wrinkled purple dress. "Hello, Augusta," Hannah said happily. "I hope I'm not late." Augusta looked at Hannah and then Neville, eyes shining brightly as they greeted each other. "No," she said, "you made it just on time." -x- Neville scooped at some of his mashed potatoes, placing the spoon in his mouth as he listened to Hannah and Augusta talk about something he could not have been interested in if you paid him. Something about new dress robes that twinkled in a certain formation, might have been like a clock or a rabbit for all he knew. He was more interested in watching the way they interacted with each other. His Gran was leaning forward, elbows on the table, listening intently to Hannah. Her blue bird was teetering slightly towards the brim of her large hat, threatening to fall right off. Hannah was fidgeting with a lock of her blonde hair, twirling it around and around her finger as she talked while her other hand absentmindedly stroked Neville's knee. He placed his spoon down loudly on his plate, trying to get the giggling women's attention. "Hannah," he said with a cough, " we have to talk to you." Neville didn't miss the groan that came from Augusta who swiftly kicked him underneath the table and grumbled under her breath. "Do we have to do this now? We're having a perfectly fine dinner." He gave her a hard look and set his sights on Hannah who was staring at him with confusion. "About what?" she asked, shifting closer towards him. His hand shook slightly as he picked up his dinner plate and revealed a piece of crumpled parchment he had hidden underneath it. He didn't hand it to her but instead stared at it with a forlorn expression on his face as Augusta inhaled and exhaled loudly, watching his every move. "Neville," she said quietly, reaching towards the parchment, "it's alright. You know you can tell me anything." Her concerned eyes flitted towards Augusta. "You both can." His heart swelled at the sincerity in her voice and the look of concern in her eyes. He wanted to lean over and kiss her until his lips felt numb and then wrap his arms around her and never let her go. Not until every pain that was inside his body, all the heartache and the sadness was gone, washed away by her. Of course he didn't want to be overly affectionate in front of his grandmother who would never let him live it down if he started to snog his girlfriend right in front of her. "I know," he muttered, opting to run a nervous hand through his dirty blonde hair. "We know. It's just. It's not easy for either of us and I keep trying to figure out how to say this to you but all I keep thinking is…forget it. I'm sorry," he apologized, averting his eyes and staring instead at the crème colored tablecloth. "You're right Gran, we're having a perfectly normal dinner…let's not ruin it." He placed the parchment underneath his plate again and picked up his knife and fork, trying to cut his roasted chicken, both eyes on him. Their unwavering gaze made the hairs on the back of his neck stand up and his face flush from embarrassment. "Alice is dying," Augusta said loudly, kicking Neville underneath the table again. He gritted his teeth from pain and from her words. Hannah gasped next to him, quickly snaking both her hands towards his and squeezing them. "The Healers say she doesn't have much longer. We always knew they would…pass earlier than us because of the…circumstances." Augusta hiccupped and grabbed her white dinner napkin, dabbing at the tears that were falling from her eyes. Hannah too had tears in her eyes and gave Augusta a watery look of sorrow, not knowing if she should walk towards her and put her hands around the old woman or if she should give her, her space. "Neville, is this…but how…when did you…" She couldn't figure out what to say. She had just seen Alice Longbottom a week ago and had grown accustomed to visiting her with Neville and Augusta, telling both his parents her stories and filling in their parts of the conversation. She imagined Frank as a very loving and carefree father. Someone who would have tried to play silly pranks on his mother and would have made jokes that were more corny than funny but she would have laughed anyway. He would have probably worn sweater vests, carried around peppermint sweets and would have loved it when his hair started to go grey. Alice would have been lovely, warm. She would have liked to sing even though she would have been off key and hurt everyone's ears. She would have hugged her son everyday and invited Hannah over for breakfast on the weekend. Augusta and Alice would have had a strong relationship, a bond. Sometimes she would call her mum instead of Augusta, sometimes she would refer to Alice as her daughter instead of daughter-in-law. She would have loved Hannah like her own mother had. Hannah didn't realize she was sobbing loudly until Neville wrapped his arms around her and rubbed her back in small soothing circles. It wasn't fair. It wasn't right. She wasn't ready to let Alice go. She pulled back and wiped her running nose with the palm of her hand, hiccupping loudly, her body shaking from grief. Neville stared at her, admiring the way she could feel emotion for his family, for his mother who didn't know she even existed. He reached his hand out and placed a thick finger underneath her chin. Their eyes locked and his voice wavered as he tried to speak, heart pounding nervously in his chest as the tears continued to fall from her eyes. "Hannah, will you marry me?" he asked quietly. She nodded her head. Yes . -x- There were moments in Hannah's life that she would never forget. Some were tragic. Finding out her mother had been killed and then being promptly pulled out of Hogwarts by her father who was too devastated to be without his daughter. Others were filled with happiness, being sorted, making friends and dating Neville. Being proposed to during dinner and then watching her soon to be grandmother-in-law jump out of her chair with excitement and start to spew out ideas on their wedding was one of those happy moments. She wanted something intimate but lavish, something that others would talk about for years to come and try to emulate. All Hannah and Neville wanted were for Alice and Frank to be there. The two Longbottom's, accompanied by one Abbot, walked down a deserted white