Disclaimer: Anything you recognize belongs to J.K Rowling. Remarkable By the age of eleven his mother is on her fifth husband. Sometimes he is afraid to blink because when he does a new man pops into his life demanding to be called 'Sir.' "Blaise, you're off to Hogwarts tomorrow. We need to have a very important conversation." Blaise wonders what he could have possibly done wrong when he hasn't even started school yet. He stares at his mother who is wearing a tight emerald green dress. She takes a seat across from him at their dining room table, a rare occurrence considering he usually eats alone in his room while the grown-ups talk. "Tomorrow you'll be sorted and you'll join a House and in that House will be young men and women. Blaise, you are officially a young man now. Do you know what that means?" He shakes his head. His mind is reeling at the shrill voice of his mother. Zahara rarely spends time with him and when they are together it was to reprimand him for things that were out of his control. Breathing too loudly. Existing. Blaise doesn't know if the deaths of her past husbands were due to poison or other tricks or if her presence literally sucked the life out of them all. "Women," she says slowly, "are going to flock to you. They're going to want to date you because of your status and wealth." Money. His mother is always going on about money. The first 'Sir' he remembers had only enough money to keep his mother occupied for six months. Six months later he mysteriously dropped dead. Blaise never saw his mother cry over any of her husbands. She always calmly walks into his room and announces she is looking for her next husband while she slips on a pair of heels and asks him if she looks better with her hair up or down. "Mum, I'm only eleven. I've never even kissed a girl." Her brown eyes flash angrily and she leans forward, both hands cupping his face tightly. The tips of her long red fingernails are digging into his cheek and Blaise winces as he stares at her. "Do as your mother says boy. Eventually you're going to feel new emotions, your body is going to go through changes and all those silly little girls aren't going to seem quite so silly. Ignore your instinct. Never fall in love Blaise. Zabini's do not fall in love. It can destroy your life and leave you destitute, begging on the street like a lowly a House Elf." Blaise purses his lips together and then nods his head as his mother releases him. He does not want to disappoint her or bring shame to his family. Though he doesn't understand what love is he knows he would never allow it to invade his life. Maybe, Blaise thinks, love was what his mother felt for her five husbands. Maybe love has made her so cold. -x- At Hogwarts, Blaise mostly keeps to himself. His mother had been right. In the beginning the girls did flock towards him but not in the way she had imagined. The boys did too. Slytherins, for their part, were not apt at whispering. Instead they loudly talked about him, around him, constantly questioning the mysterious deaths of his 'fathers.' They called his mother the 'Black Widow,' and had different theories on how she got rid of her husbands. Blaise would just try to make himself scarce and after almost four years most of the students had gotten tired of taunting him. It wasn't fun if your subject didn't take the bait. Girls were a foreign concept to him. Pansy Parkinson was the one he was closest to and most of their conversations were one-sided where she went on and on about Draco while he just nodded until it became too much and he had to snap at her. Still, Blaise felt a connection to Pansy. An understanding that they were different. She was taught at a young age her one purpose in life was to find a husband but she had the unfortunate problem of being born unattractive. Her face was too round, her hair too short and unladylike and she had such a shrill voice sometimes he felt like his ears were going to bleed. Blaise snaps out of his thoughts as someone rushes into the nearly deserted dark common room. Students are making their way back from the Yule Ball, something Blaise has no interest in but made an appearance to anyway in smart black dress robes for an hour just so he could say he went. The other Slytherins that are lingering around are younger and unable to attend, staring enviously at those who are recapping their night with excitement. Pansy makes her entrance, stomping towards him in frilly pink dress robes and a scowl on her red and blotchy face. Blaise can tell she has been crying because her eyes are puffy and red but he detests crying and hopes she won't start up again. He leans forward in the leather chair he is lounging on and gives her a hard look. "It was completely embarrassing," she snarls. A group of first years stare at her, trying to listen in on their conversation and Blaise points to his wand in warning. "What?" he asks calmly. "Slipped on the dance floor?" She huffs and crosses her arms dramatically against her chest. "He deserted me." He knows she means Draco. Draco has been acting rather odd lately but he figures it is because he actually agreed to go to the ball with Pansy. He knows Draco doesn't actually like her. He just likes the idea of her. "Hm." Pansy rolls her eyes. "It's like he doesn't even care," she says with a sniffle. "I work so hard to be by his side. I cheer him on for every little thing and I'm always there and just this once he couldn't be present for me. I'm a Parkinson for heavens sake. What will my mother think?" Blaise gives her a bored look. Sometimes he wonders if he is too quiet because Pansy always comes to him with her girl problems. Last time he checked he was not a female and did not respond to female emotions. "Just move on," he says, hoping it will be enough to appease her and end the conversation. Pansy sniffles and Blaise awkwardly shifts in his chair. "Or don't move on. I don't know, talk to him?" he offers weakly. He really does not know how to speak to girls. "I just wish I could find someone with a good bloodline, money and who cares about me. Is that too much to ask?" Blaise shrugs. Maybe it is. He doesn't exactly know what his mother has planned for him. Maybe she will arrange a marriage for him or he is expected to find six different women to marry who will mysteriously pass away and then he will get their dowries and continue living his life with no strings attached. Maybe Pansy will be wife number three. She is, he thinks amusingly, bound to make the list and infiltrate his life eventually. Their master bedroom would probably be covered in pink. "Blaise…" she is waiting for him to say something else. It is his job to calm her down and tell her how wonderful she is. She is staring at him, eyes wet and lower lip trembling. He touches his wand again ready to hex the group of first years but they are gone. The common room is dark and he can barely make out an outline of her. He slides to the side of his seat and pats the empty space next to him, signaling for Pansy to sit down and join him. She does and he turns to face her, an expressionless look on his face. "Some day someone great is going to come along," he says, lying through his teeth. "They're going to appreciate you and spoil you with gifts and Malfoy will—" But he doesn't get to say what he wants to about Draco. Pansy promptly leans in and kisses him. The kiss is salty and wet from her tears. His lips are dry and cracked. He isn't sure if he is supposed to touch her or tilt his head to the left or right. Blaise never kissed a girl before. As their lips press together he wonders if this is what love is. If it meant giving a girl a dry kiss to comfort her in the middle of the night that lacked any ounce of feeling. -x- Lately, Draco was always fidgeting. It was as if his one true friend was a million miles away, lost in another country. Blaise knew he was lost in his mind. Most nights he finds Draco pacing the common room, back and forth, back and forth, in a frenzy. Most of the time his eyes are red and he's mumbling incoherent things to himself about a task and failure. He does not let Blaise know what's going on in his life. Truly, Blaise is not sure he wants to know anyway. He knows Draco is caught up in wanting to outshine Potter. To bring his family to greatness and follow in his father's footsteps of being a Death Eater. Whether he has the mark or not, Blaise does not know but at sixteen he would not be surprised. He himself believes in blood purity but does not care enough to get stuck in the thick of things. Tonight, they are sitting quietly in the astronomy tower because the pacing was getting to Draco. Sometimes Blaise finds a change of scenery is all he needs to finally quiet down and breathe. "There's a rumor going around that you shagged Daphne Greengrass," Draco says quietly, not even fully acknowledging Blaise. He is staring at the stars while Blaise is glancing at him. "It's not a rumor." Because by sixteen his hormones have gotten the best of him and some nights are far too lonely. Though he feels no real attachment to the girls he gropes in broom cupboards or empty classrooms there is a sense of longing and needing them there. "Huh," is all Draco says in response. "Do you believe in love?" Blaise asks quietly, looking away from his friend and staring at the stars. The night is crisp and a chill breeze rolls through the tower making the two of them shiver. Asking him the question should embarrass him but Draco is used to Blaise's deep thoughts and out of the blue questions. He appreciates them though he doesn't say so out right. Blaise is a good distraction. Draco doesn't respond for a good five minutes, leaving Blaise to believe he didn't hear the question. "Love isn't for Death Eaters," he says crisply. But there is an edge to Draco's voice and Blaise has spent too many sleepless nights contemplating what love is to really accept that as a final answer. He is staring at a cluster of stars in the sky when he says, "I've seen the way your parents look at each other. That has to be love." Draco snorts in response. "Some good it's done them. What about your mother? She's on what, husband number ten?" Blaise inhales and exhales deeply. He feels a sharp jab in his chest at the mention of his mother. He wonders if he loves her but Blaise has come to the conclusion if he has to contemplate it he does not. "Seven," he says dryly. "The elusive number eight won't happen anytime soon." Seven, another new 'Sir' when Blaise came back from Hogwarts last year. "Love is too dangerous for us. A war is coming. Love could get us killed." "We weren't made to love," Blaise responds thickly. "No," Draco says softly, getting up from where he is sitting. "We were not." -x- It