This is a simple one shot that will not be extended in any way. I have not been able to write for quite some time so this is my way of easing back into it. Hope some of you out there enjoy it Your scent swirls around me and, as always, I am conflicted. It's a reminder that I want to consume you; that your blood continues to taunt me with its richness and vitality but more than that I simply need you; the person you are…the person you have always been. Nothing has changed…..yet everything has been altered. I remain motionless in the shadows of the forest as you make your way over to your destination. You have no idea I am here. You don't have a clue that I have been following your moves for a couple of weeks now. There has been nothing to suggest that in the background of your day to day dealings that an adoring vampire has finally succumbed to his extreme need for the human girl who is so undeniably etched into the very essence of his soul. It's amazing that I was able to last this long when the other half of me has been absent for what seems like an eternity. You stumble a little over the rocky path and my hand automatically reaches out as if I can somehow touch you and help you regain your balance. I could do it in a millisecond if I so chose to but I know I gave up that right when I left you years ago, so I remain stoic and allow it to drop again. I watch with eagerness as you correct your footing and continue along your path. Its early morning and I have learnt that this is your daily routine. It both frightens me and makes my heart soar that even after all these years I am still very much a part of your thoughts. It wasn't meant to be that way….. I've been watching you. I've seen your interactions with friends; with family. I know that you have become a poised and confident woman when dealing with others. I'm aware that you have followed your dream of being a writer but will only take on an assignment if it allows you to remain in Forks for the majority of time. I've noted the warm smile you hand out to every person you meet before they leave your presence and the warmth seeps away to leave you listless. No one else notices but I know you in a way that no one else could ever hope to and it's evident to me that although you are most certainly alive, you definitely are not living life to the fullest. In fact my observations lead me to believe you are living a life of pretence; attempting to make others believe that everything is okay with you, that your smile is real, that you don't have nightmares every single night that revolve around your intense loss. The recent nights of listening to your heartache has only served to make my guilt intensify to a level where I feel physically sick. Where is that happy life you were meant to experience? Where is the husband and babies you were destined to cherish? How had me leaving not given you the freedom and happiness I believed you deserved? Your slim form finally halts in front of the stone that has been marked with my name. You reach forward and reverently graze your fingers across the lie that we both know is beneath your fingertips. Edward Anthony Cullen 20 June 1987 – 14 September 2005 In Loving Memory "Edward," My name is a soft sigh on your breath but still I hear it because of the ability of my kind. I wait with bated breath for the next words to leave your mouth. Although I have been trailing you and seen firsthand how you are living your life without me, it is here each morning where I see the true you. It is here that your innermost feelings are revealed to the incoming day as you use my fake headstone as some sort of therapy for the sins I have forced you to endure alone. You have no one to share them with. Your pain is no longer acceptable to the people who surround you as so much time has passed since my apparent 'death'. No one can ever know that you once loved a vampire whose insecurities and false beliefs sent him scuttling away without considering the magnitude of his betrayal. I see how my mistaken belief that you could move on without me has impacted both our lives in ways that can never be measured. "It's my birthday Edward. Another year gone by with no word from you. No word from any of you." You sit down cross legged and bring your knees to your chest so that you can wrap your arms around them and rest your cheek at an angle across them. "I hate my birthday. It was the beginning of the end for us. Jasper's mistake made you see my human frailty as a hindrance. It made you realise that I was not the one for you. That you could not possibly love me." My fingers are now embedded into the palms of my hand and its rock fighting stone as the two meet in complete agitation. Never has a greater lie been said than the day I told you I did not love you and that you were no good for me. If I could cut my own tongue out for that blasphemy I surely would for such utterances. I've lived with that moment replaying over and over in my head and it's the worst kind of torture knowing that you believed it so easily. But then again I have never returned to tell you otherwise so what else could you have possibly believed? "I feel like I'm not even me anymore. I'm a twenty eight year old woman who is still pining away for the one who got away," You shake your head and give a derisive laugh. "Ten years Edward. Tomorrow it will be ten years since you left me and your family concealed your absence by telling the town that you had died in a car accident that never really happened. It made it so much easier for them to leave me too, pretending to be the grieving family who had to leave town to deal with their huge loss. What about my loss Edward? Did any of you think of my loss? Did any of you think about the fact that ten years later I would still be feeling that loss as acutely as I did the moment you walked away? What kind of person am I that I can't simply move on as readily as you did?" Move on? Without you? That was never an option for me. I had existed through each day in a stupor of absolute grief but moving on? That never happened! Every single day was a fight between continuing to protect you from myself and what loving me could do to destroy you, and running back to your side to plead for your forgiveness so that I could relish the love and devotion only you could offer me. I clearly underestimated that love and devotion if current appearances were any indication. You were meant to forget me and find a more suitable mate. You were meant to live the life you were born to; a life where you got to come home every day to a husband and a house full of laughing children, not to a man who could never give you children nor even hold you without having to fight his urge to end your life so he could taste the divine nectar of your blood. I had returned to Forks for this anniversary to prove to myself that the terrible pain of not having you by my side was worth it; that your life would be some amazing culmination of wonderful experiences and happiness that I could never have given you. I was so incredibly wrong. The sacrifices I had forced on both of us by me leaving had clearly been folly. Ten years wasted because of my inability to see how your love was as strong and unbreakable as mine. Jasper had tried to convince me of this all those years ago. He told me that running from you would leave a gaping hole in both our lives that would never be filled again but I had denied that a human could feel that level of dedication and love. I had arrogantly believed that I was doing you the favour by forcing my absence on you. I could punish myself for what I was, but in doing so I had inadvertently punished the one person who truly didn't deserve it. You were my mate – how could I have denied that for even a second? "I wonder what you would have thought of me as a twenty eight year old woman, Edward?" You've asked this question numerous times over the past couple of weeks and my answer, that remains unheard to you, is the same. I love every single part of you and although I've always thought you beautiful there is now something even more alluring about you. You are no longer the mature teenager who was on the cusp of being a woman; you have become so much more. Your beauty remains dazzling but it's what you've done with yourself even through your grief which is truly tantalising. I'm proud. I'm in awe. I'm humbled. I can't think of anything or anyone who is more beautiful than the woman standing before me, so completely unaware. You continue your whispered musings and questioning that only I can hear. You wonder where I am and if I've found someone else more suitable. I suck in a harsh breath with that ridiculous train of thought. Compared to you all else becomes nothing. I've spent much of my time trying to eliminate the threat that was Victoria and once she was disposed of in a rather violent encounter on the border of Mexico I spent the rest of my time wallowing in grief and convincing myself that you were better off. No one had, or has, any chance of ever getting close enough to me to be more than an acquaintance. Besides my loyal family my interactions with humans and vampires has been close to nil. I've made myself an outcast and created a secular world where only very limited visits with my family occurred before their closeness forced me away again, knowing I would never again have that with you. No there was never anyone but you. That fact will always remain unchanged. Your other questions revolve around my family; in particular Alice whom you had established such a close friendship with. You clearly miss her and from what I could gather there was no one person who had come into your life after Alice's abrupt departure that you considered as true a friend. Angela remains in the peripheral of your life; inconsistent phone calls, sporadic visits to and from her new home in Seattle where she now resides with her high school sweetheart Ben but other than her, and one other who I do not wish to contemplate, you've kept people at an arm's distance. You're guarding your heart as vigilantly as I have been. "Jake is taking me out for dinner tonight," the statement is whispered but it might as well have been shouted with the impact it has on me and my body jolts with hard suppressed jealousy and ire. He is the other you regard as your real friend and that does not sit well with me, being privy to his thoughts and feelings. I know Jacob Black is your one piece of sunshine