Title: It's not as easy as you think! Summary: Think you'd want to be a Mary Sue? Think again. (Mary Sue, Legomance, Rated T to be safe. If you are the author of a MS, consider some of these things please!) Lord of the Rings - Fiction Rated: T - English – Parody/Romance (A/N: You know, Sue-ism isn't just being beautiful, or a good fighter. All that 'passing out into a-random-gorgeous-elf's arms', and 'sacrificing herself to save her love' has got to be tiring…) Disclaimer: I own nothing of Lord Tolkien's work, got it! I don't even own Lucy, she owns herself, as really, she is writing her own story in my head, and all I do is write it down from there. She is her own, person, even if she's just a character. Remember that and don't hold me accountable for anything she may do, like rob a bank. Lucy was a freak. She was a grade-A, certified freak. That's what the entire world thought of her, or so she said. She got good enough grades to not flunk out of her classes, but not so great that she was a teacher's pet. The main complaints were about one thing; Lord of the Rings. As far as she cared, Tolkien could have been God. In English, really all her stories seemed to in one way or another relate to Tolkien. Her homework all had Elvish scribbled into the corners, but what really hit her grades hard was when she turned in her History report in—and it was written about Middle-Earth! And although wonderfully researched and written, it still got a D. That really drove her insane. Why couldn't they see that Middle-Earth was real? If not still in existence, it at least existed long, long ago. Really, just because there were no written texts or anything to support the existence of a real Middle-Earth, doesn't mean it never existed! But sadly, her teachers didn't see her way of thinking. She was contemplating this one day while doing her homework, and found her thoughts wandering to Middle-Earth. Thinking she'd get it out of her system, she thought she'd zip over to a fanfiction site to read a nice Legomance or something. Getting out of her chair, she tripped over a fold in the rug underneath her, and fell to the floor. When she got up and dusted herself off, the world seemed a bit strange. And THEN the horrible smell hit her. It was as if she had stuck her nose into the exhaust pipe of an old car. She gagged and gasped for air, but to no avail, the smell seemed to be all over the room. She made her way to the window but when she opened it, the smell tripled, and she slammed it shut. The smell lingered, but she had had plenty of breath-holding practice in the time she spent swimming, so she managed. Her one-track mind got her back to her computer, and she made her way over to it. When she turned it on, the screen looked odd. It was as if she could make out every single pixel, and each one was blinking on and off very fast. From her many hours of studying computers and technology, she knew that was what happened, but normally the human eye couldn't pick those things up She figured her computer had just gotten a bit old, and the monitor was starting to fade. She made a note to ask her parents for a new one later. First she logged onto AIM, and then she went to her favorite fanfiction site. Halfway through the first chapter of a nice 'Girl-falls-into-ME' story, she got an IM from a strange person she didn't know. "I see you like Mary Sue-type stories. You have a very interesting profile." flashed the 'broken' monitor. "I like getting into the feel of them. And who wouldn't want to be beautiful and multi-talented?" she replied to the mysterious IMer. "I created a program to make you your very own Mary Sue. I need beta-testers for it, but it's pretty cool. Wanna see it? Just download this file, I promise it's not a virus." came the response. Lucy was somewhat worried about downloading a strange file, but she had a great virus-checker that had never failed her before so she typed "OK" and hit 'download'. When she finally opened the program, she was greeted by a nice blue background, and to her amazement, she screen looked just like it was supposed to. She'd still get it checked out though. She also noticed that the air smelled fine, but only if she leaned close to the screen. Actually, it had a faint earthy smell. Odd. She ignored the oddities and went back to her computer. The screen said 'Step one: Choose Name' and had two options underneath it, 'Name Generator' and 'Make Your Own'. She chose the generator, and got another three options: 'English', 'Quenya' and 'Sindarin'. She chose Sindarin, and got the name 'Alya' and the translation of 'rich' underneath it. 'Next', she selected. 'Step two: Looks' showed the screen. There was a model in the corner of the screen showing a blank-faced woman with white skin and no hair. Lucy guessed it was to show what the Sue would look like. After playing around with the design tools, the little model in the corner looked like the perfect Sue. The face had perfect proportions; the ears were petite, but very pointed at the ends. Her eyes were a perfect shade of purple, to add to the Sueishness. The hair was around the waist of the Sue, and a black so dark and shiny, it would have taken a normal person hours to get it to that state. A Barbie figure, with a chest that wasn't freakishly large, but okay sized, Lucy noted. She could never stand people having their chests weigh more than the rest of them. It just looked odd. Both her arms and legs had not one drop of fat, but instead enough muscle to be strong, and yet not look like a man. The skin was about as pale as you can get, to go with the hair. Although it would burn easily, thinking from the mind of a Sue, either the Sueishness would protect her, or she'd get lotion smeared onto her by any passing elf. Teehee… was the only thought that made its way through Lucy's mind. The Sueish creature stood at a nice 6'5, nice and tall. It was everything Lucy wanted to be. It was odd, but Lucy was getting really in to this program, for some reason. 'Next' she clicked. 'Step three: Outfits' was the title of this screen. For a moment she was a bit confused about the plural, as you can't really change clothes in Middle Earth, but she figured a Mary Sue could do it, because they're special . The monitor showed something that looked a bit like The Sims, but not as detailed. It had a place for designing Everyday, Travel, Fancy, and Sleepwear, and looked rather complicated. But Lucy figured that if she could design the face of a Mary Sue, she could certainly make a dress or two. Half an hour later, she decided she was wrong. She would have given up and actually gotten to her homework, but for some reason she couldn't make herself get off the computer, and besides, the computer was the only place that smelled okay. Eventually, she got the outfits to look just right. The Everyday one wasn't really a dress, but a black tunic and gray leggings. There were silver clasps, and roses embroidered on the sleeves. The trim was purple, and the whole thing looked perfect for a Goth!Sue. Also, after looking down at her Sue's bare feet, she threw in a pair of combat boots. It was perfect. The Travel outfit was really much the same, but longer and thicker, with the addition of a black cloak, complete with silver clasp, tiny red rose embroidered on the shoulder, purple trim and a hood that could easily cover her face. It actually looked pretty comfy. But then, looking back on those two outfits, she added room to hide daggers in her boots and sleeves, and a royal-purple belt, to put her sword and such. Lucy went all out with the Fancy outfit. Unlike the other outfits, it was a night-sky color, floor-length with long flowy sleeves. A purple thread swirled its way across the skirt of the dress, and a little silver pin in the shape of a rose tied the whole thing off. This wouldn't look out of place at a fashion show, actually… Lucy mused, picturing fame and fortune. But soon her mind wandered back to the computer. And then the Sleepwear. The sleepwear consisted of a silk top-and-bottom set, something you didn't see very often in Middle Earth. They should experience some variety. I mean, why would you want to have the same boring pajamas as everyone else? I'm an individual! Lucy thought to herself. It then struck her as odd that she was talking like she was going to Middle Earth, when she had no intentions of doing any such thing. But then the computer pulled her back. The pajamas were, once again, black, with silver and red roses all over them. She also made sure that when she designed it, the silk was extra shiny, as the shinier the silk, the more the Elf would drool. Plus, silk is about the softest thing known to man. Or Elf. 'Next', she clicked. "Step four: Weapon". This step was pretty self-explanatory. She designed her sword first. It was not long enough to overbalance, but still pretty long, and yet very light, and made of Mithril. A vine with roses and thorns was carved along the length of the blade. The hilt was also made of Mithril, with a red stone carved into the shape of a rose inlaid into it. Then she made the dagger. It looked a lot like the sword, but smaller. The blade had a single rose on it, stem and all, and lots of thorns. She then duplicated that by four, for her boots and sleeves. Matching daggers, how sweet. 'Step five: Traits'. Ah, the thing that separates the 'Mary Sue' from the average person: the traits, the thought flitted through Lucy's mind. There were two columns, one considerably shorter than the other: 'Qualities' and '"Flaws"'. Guess which one was longer. Each column had a list with checkboxes next to each item. On Qualities, Lucy checked off every box, not looking at what they were, but a few she saw were things like 'Amazing Voice', 'Funny' and 'Magic'. And for the considerably shorter '"Flaws"', she checked off only one: 'Can't Dance'. It was the least noticeable flaw there could be, and why make huge flaws in a Sue? Then it wouldn't be a real Sue. And the 'Next' button she clicked. "Step six: Personality". At first Lucy didn't see why they put traits AND personality, but it soon became clearer. Traits were just aspects of the Sue, but the personality was everything else: What they liked to do, how they greeted new people, all those things. She was greeted by a screen with a quiz on it, which looked somewhat like this: ' Answer these questions as your Sue: The glass is: Half Empty Half Full You find an injured kitten while walking to school. You: Ignore it Take it to a vet and then find it a good home Take it to a vet and keep it Put it out of its misery' … There were about an endless number of answers to each questions, and about 250 questions, covering everything and anything that could possibly happen to anyone ever. The topics of the questions covered everything from favorite color to how long it took them to eat ice cream. Every possible answer had