Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, I am only playing in this world for fun Author note: This is AU. Some events of the books might not happen or happen differently. This story is unbetaed, if anyone wants to beta my story, please PM me :). I welcome reviews and constructive criticism :) AN: This chapter was reposted on 08/23/2017 for correction of grammar and punctuations mistakes. The five-year-old was shaking. His parents were arguing. Again. They were shouting and insulting each other. Again. That was not the worst part. Soon, they would shout about him. Mother would remind Father how happy they were before the boy's mishap. Father would sneer that a 2 years old boy making his favourite toy fly toward him was not a mishap. He would coldly remind her that before this, he had not known he had married a f... g witch, and had even less imagined that his f... g son would be one too. He would then shout that even if she denied it, she had known any son of her would possess her curse, as she had not been surprised by the boy's f...g flying ball, only horrified that her husband had witnessed the incident. She could at least have had the decency to warn him before the wedding, in which case he would have run as far away from her as possible. When he was older, the boy would understand his father behaviour had been heavily influenced by the World War II. The uncertainty while waiting for the next bombardment, the death of his own father and brother, the difficulty for his father's mother to feed her family ... This and more had affected him deeply. Since then, his father goal had been to find a job, a good gal to marry and make children with, and raise said children peacefully. His wish was fulfilled when his wife bore him a son and then life was perfect despite the toughness of his job at the factory. His dreamed life until magic happened. To see the destruction of his dream was probably the last straw and he had not been able to bear it. Yes, the boy would understand but never forgive his Father for not being strong enough to love his unexpectedly magical son. At this point of the argument, depending on Mother mood, two different scenarios could happen. His parents would switch on remembering the good times before him, how happy they were before the boy had spoiled everything. Mother would talk about putting money aside to be able to afford a potion that would ride their son of his magic. Or she would try to stand up for him, saying that he was just a boy and if Father taught him how to, he would use his magic responsibly and to help his family. The last one usually earned her a verbal lashing, with a slap or two if Father was drunk enough. As much as the boy tried not to hear all these things, hidden in his room under his cover and his pillow, the walls were thin and their voices so loud that he barely missed a world. As his parents got louder and louder, each sentence worse than the previous one, Severus muffled his cries in his hand - no one liked a snivelling boy, his father had once told him after he had hurt himself playing outside- and hoped for sleep to come sooner rather than later. Severus was now eight and life was not so bad. He did not go to muggle school as Mother insisted he should not have to bear with the poor commoners that went there and their awful lack of manners. Father had snorted at that, saying they were poor commoners themselves and that most of the kids that went to the neighbouring school had fathers that worked with him at the factory. Still, Mother was not to be swayed on this so Severus was home-schooled from his sixth birthday, mainly on grammar - Mother would not tolerate him talking like an illiterate runt-, mathematics, geography and biology. Thankfully for Severus, he loved learning and absorbed everything he could. More importantly, he understood everything he learned. Mother quickly decided he would learn about magic too. Usually, he would work on muggle lessons in the morning and learn basic theory from Mother's beginners' books - and later some of her Hogwarts first year books - in the afternoon. From time to time, she would allow him to borrow her wand and practice charms and defence against the Dark Arts. It was sometimes a little lonely as his mother did her daily tasks while he taught himself from books, but it was worth the time they spent together during practice. Moreover, on Mothers good days, he was allowed to brew and experiment with potions. Mother had forbidden him to study her potions books as she still used those regularly and did not want to risk him damaging them. Instead, she had given him a book about testing herbs and ingredient to determine their properties and how they would react with each other. On brewing days, she would tell him what the potion of the day should do and leave him to figure out a workable recipe: which ingredients he should use, in which order, how he should stir, ... When he had his own recipe written, after looking it over, she would place protective wards around him and allow him to brew it. It was hard. He sometimes needed several sessions to complete a recipe. It was great. He loved it. His potions were perfect. It was only later that he realised his mother had never intended for him to be that successful without a known recipe. She had thought to occupy him, making him research and learn potions ingredients and their properties while she would have the peace to brew her own potions. On Mother bad days, Severus did not have lessons but went to the park and played on the swings the farthest away from the other kids. Those knew each other, went to school together and did not need nor want an interloper in their ranks. Severus sometimes felt a pang of longing watching them play together but the thought of all the magic he was learning instead was usually enough to make it pass. Severus had learned young to repress his accidental magic in order not to provoke his father wrath. More often than not, as long as he behaved himself and did not mention magic, Father ignored him. As he worked long hours at the factory, Severus only needed to be careful in the evenings, when he usually already was in his room, and in the weekends. His parents still argued a lot, but he now managed to use his accidental magic to make his room soundproof when he needed it. Severus was not sure you could still call it accidental magic as he did it with conscious intent, but as long as it worked, he figured he could wait for Hogwarts to pursue the matter. All in all, Severus was content until the day he met her. The eleven years old was all over the moon. His best friend and himself had both received their Hogwarts letter and in a few weeks, they would be far far away from here, learning more magic, allowed to use their wand to practice and with unlimited access to one of the best magical library in the world. Over the last three years, things had gone from tolerable to worst but still good for Severus. Three years ago, the best day of his life happened. It was also his worst in a sense. It was the day he met Lily, the sun of his days, his first and only best friend. It was also the day Father was fired from the factory, along with many others. From this day, his dream definitely shattered, his father drank more and more every day. Severus' mother had to resort to brew and sell potions in order to make ends meet. Father had sneered at the idea she would be able to bring money in with her disgusting mixtures but been all too happy to take his share and drink it away at the pub with his fired friends when money came. Father also forbade her to use owls for potions orders and deliveries, as their continued presences would raise the neighbours' suspicion. Instead, Mother had gone to Diagon Alley to open a magical mail box: she had a box at home, another in one of Diagon Alley shop. Customers put their order in the Diagon Alley box. They appeared in their house one, Mother brewed the potions needed, put the customer name on them then put them in the house box. The potions vials apparated in the Diagon Alley box where the customer could take them from the box in exchange of their cost. The galleons deposited in the box were converted into pounds automatically before apparating in their home box. It worked quite well but Severus wondered if the magic used for the transfer impacted the potions potency and was determined to research it when he had more sources available. Nevertheless, it was a high point for Severus because his mother allowed him more time to brew so that he would do the simplest potions and they would make more money. It meant cutting on his study time but Mother estimated he was already ahead of his years in both his muggle and magical studies, with the exception of transfiguration, so it would not cause him any harm. Being in a muggle area with no contact with the wizarding world made finding some ingredients difficult. His mother usually owl-ordered them, but in the quantities needed for his mother new business, it was expensive. So Severus experimented with muggle herbs and plants that they either found in abundance in the woods near home or could buy for a cheap price. He carefully tested them as he had done so often with wizarding potions ingredients before, following the instructions from his well-worn book that he now knew by heart. There were many failures, but it was worst their few great successes and Severus learned a lot from it. Thanks to it, they were able to put together a rather extensive potion catalogue considering they were not apothecaries, ranging from simple healing balm to cleaning potions with hangover potion in between. They managed enough potions to pay for everyday fare and to put some away for Severus first year at Hogwarts, as Mother had always been adamant that her son was powerful enough to receive a letter. The reason they did so well money wise was also because one galleons was worth five muggle pounds. In this case, living in the muggle world was a distinctive advantage. When he was ten, Mother introduced him to the Dark Arts. She told him her family, the Prince, had always been fascinated by this subject as it was complex, difficult, powerful and mastered by few. She could tell that Severus, with his already keen intellect and insatiable thirst of knowledge and experiment, would be drawn to it and she wanted him to have proper foundations, before people could present him with a skewed view of the subject. Mother almost never talked about her family, and only during her shouting matches with Father. She sometimes told him that he should not treat her like this when she was from the noble house of Prince, but he always laughed, saying he doubted that her so noble family had recovered from her eloping with a mere muggle, and not even rich, instead of marrying the scion of another noble family as had been arranged between the two head of houses. For Mother to bring up her family, Severus knew the subject mattered to her. That day, she made sure Father