She takes my face in her hands, her ragged palms rest on both of my cheeks lightly. "Don't worry. I'll see you at midnight." She leans into me and kisses my lips softly before I can protest. I kiss her back, her lips lingering a little before she pulls back and looks me in the eyes. As soon as she turns around and asks Johanna if she's ready I instantly regret not running away with her like she wanted. We should've just run away that night after that kiss on the beach, but we were caught up in Beetee's plan and I wouldn't go against what she wanted to do. She wanted to stay with them so that's what I did. I watch her figure fade slowly into the surroundings with every step she takes away from me, from us. I turn around and scowl at Finnick. "Seriously? You wouldn't let me go as a guard? What if Enobaria finds them and leaves them as good as dead? I'll never forgive myself," I snap. "Peeta, you're too slow. They'll put it on the beach and then we'll meet them in the next section over. They're going to be okay, they're stronger than they look you know." He snaps back. I roll my eyes and sit on the rough textured floor. I go over the memory of her lips pressed against mine just then, on the beach and when my heart stopped. Does she finally realise what I feel for her? Does she love me the way I've loved her since I was five? I shake my head. Probably not, she's probably just doing it for the cameras. Giving them a good show, just as they want. The next thing I know is I'm being pulled from my feet by Finnick. He pulls my arm and shouts, "Come on, Peeta. Move, come on!" I instantly follow his lead away from the tree. Why did he leave from guarding Beetee at the tree? Has something gone wrong? Has Enobaria found Katniss and left her as good as dead? "I have to find Katniss," I scream at him. He takes, what seems to be, his last look at me before taking off and running down the hill where Katniss and Johanna headed. I hadn't realised I'd fallen to my knees until I'm scrambling to get up and take off running. I clutch the knife I have in my hand tighter, I'm going to need this when I find the careers. No-one hurts Katniss and gets away with it. Ever. I hear the cannon sound and the only thought running through my mind is Katniss, where is she? Is she okay? That cannon wasn't sounding for her was it? I hope not. "Katniss!" I yell into the air. No response. They've killed her haven't they? They've killed the only thing I care about and love. They've killed my whole world. I let a few stray tears flow down my cheeks but then I remember what Finnick said. 'They're stronger than you think.' Katniss and Johanna wouldn't go down without a fight and I'm just hoping that's what she's doing. Fighting her way back to me. "Peeta." She yells. My ears prick at the sound of her voice. She's alive, she's actually alive. My Katniss is alive and well. I sigh with relief that she's alive and then start to search for her in the direction her voice echoed from. "Katniss!" I shout back but it's not heard over the sound of lightening hitting the tree. Everything shuts down, including me. The arena turns a bright white before everything starts sparking up and the roof starts falling in. I'm forced to the floor by the impact of it all and I black out. I open my eyes, suddenly realising what's happened. Katniss is dead and I am alive, I failed my only mission that was to save her. I failed to save the love of my life, Prim will never forgive me. I let the tears flow down my face as I stifle a sob. "You're awake lover boy," Johanna speaks up. We're lying next to each other on identical hospital beds and wearing identical paper gowns that hardly provide and protection or cover. "W-Where are we?" I ask. "I don't know but she's safe, we saved her. She's alive Peeta, don't worry." She reassures me. Katniss is really alive and safe. I let out the breath I didn't realise I was holding and let happy tears make their way down my face. I black out almost instantly and fall into a dream filled sleep of Katniss, of what we could have in the future when I find her. When I find her? Where am I? I wake again, but this time I'm in a small room with a sink and toilet. Where am I? I'm definitely not home back in District twelve, I'm far from there. I look down at my body and take in what I see, a bandage around my leg, just above my knee and another just below my knee. I look at my arm and notice a blood filled bandage covering my forearm, from my wrist right to my elbow, just where the tracker was. Then it all clicks in my mind, I'm in the Capitol aren't I? How did I get here? How did Snow get me out of the arena? Where's Katniss? He's here again, what does he want with me? I just want to go home, back to district twelve and be with Katniss. The Katniss I truly know and not the changed Katniss that's been running through my mind since he visited me last time. And the Katniss that seems alien to me. Did she really kill my family or try to kill me? I've been a piece in their games, the exact opposite of what I wanted. I took part in two games and he still hasn't had his fore fill of me, what more can I possibly do? I wish he'd just get this over and done with. "Peeta Mellark," he announces, making his presence clear in the room. My body tenses up at the sound of his voice, piercing through my ears. I lift my head and look to the door, he's standing there. He looks well groomed, well looked after. At least one of us has maintained our look since the quarter quell a few weeks ago. I'm sickly thin and bruised. Not like I was when my mother used to beat me with a rolling pin, I am truly bruised. I'd take my mother's beating a million times over what he's doing to me. At least she had a reason to beat me, being late coming in from playing with the other merchant children in the street and not putting the frosting on the cake to her standards. What's his reason to beat me? He has none. The purple tender skin that used to cover the top of my arm in a straight line is nothing compared to the bruises I have now. The deep purple, yellow and slightly blue covers most of my torso and arms, the top of my leg where I have my prosthetic attached too is untouched but the other leg is covered in the swelling from the sickly purple colour. "President Snow," I choke out. "What a lovely surprise to see you here, Peeta," he laughs. Yes, what a lovely surprise. I scowl at him, watching his every move around the room. He walks over to the white table situated under a large white television screen. On that screen they show me videos of Katniss and me, madly in love. Well he used to. Now they're just videos that I fight the urge to not be real. The memories of them are foggy and I can't remember details and if it happened or not. When they're finished with me they take me back to my cell which is next to Johanna's. We talk about what they've done to us and how traumatized we both are. We talk mostly of Katniss, to keep the images of her trying to kill me away. We focus on our love and how she's possibly doing everything she can to get to me and to get me safe. I mentally hope that today doesn't go as yesterday did. Yesterday I experienced something I never thought they would've done to me. I was strapped into a chair, wrists and ankles bound to the wood. They'd ask me for information about what their plan was in the Quarter Quell, I'd scream back, "I don't know." And that's when they done it, they shocked me. I cried out for Katniss, praying she wasn't far away and that she'd hear my cries for help and come to save me. But she didn't. I was send back to my cell left to cry and ease the pain with the coldness of the bars that surrounded me, us, Johanna, Annie and me. "Are you going to tell us that information today or do we have to keep doing this until you tell us?" He cackles. I look at him, forcing him to lock eyes with me. "I've told you, I don't know anything," I say innocently. "Oh, Mr Mellark, I thought we promised we wouldn't lie to each other?" I sigh and take a deep breath. If this horrible torture brings me one step closer to being with Katniss again I'd take it, I'd take all they've got. I just want to be with her again, is that too much to ask for? I want to hold her in my arms and never let her go, kiss those sweet, sweet, innocent lips that I took her first kiss from in the cave. Look into those beautiful Seam grey eyes that make me vulnerable. I'd do anything for her, I told her I'd die for her. "I'm not lying. I don't know anything." I snap. "I'm sure you know something about your precious Katniss Everdeen?" he mocks. Her name, Katniss, my dearest Katniss, I can still remember the first time I ever laid eyes on her; she's just progressively got more beautiful over the years. I stand in the children littered area with my father. My grip tightens on my father's hand as we edge closer to the building door. "You'll be okay, Peeta, there's nothing to be scared about," my father says as he bends down and grips my shoulders with both his hands. I see other children with their parents just as scared as I am. Why do we have to go to school? I ask myself. "Look here, son," he says proudly. I smile at him calling me 'son'. My father has far more respect for me than my mother. She wanted a girl but she got me instead, a house full of boys and her being the only girl. I understand why she dislikes me so much. "You see that family over there?" he asks, pointing his finger to a family of four. The mother has beautiful blonde hair that falls down just over her shoulders with bright blue eyes, the father a dark haired, olive skinned man, reassuring what seems to be his eldest daughter. The eldest daughter has all her father's looks, dark brown hair, that's now in two braids trailing down her back, and olive skin. The baby in the mother's arms looks like her, not like the other two. "Yes?" I ask. "You see that little girl? She's the same age as you, lovely little girl. Her father usually brings her along to the bakery when he trades the squirrels he hunts for bread. Her mother I wanted to marry but she ran off with a coal miner, the little girl's father." My eyes go back to the family; they look like a loving family who made do with what they have. I bet their mother never hits them when