Being married to someone isn't easy, even if you've married your best friend and the love of your life. You're going to have bumps along the way, but you need to hit these bumps head on and solve them together. Yes you will argue and if you don't, then you obviously don't love each other. You're going to go through things that will almost break you apart but you need to stick together and fight your battles as one person. Because when that person fights with you, you know its forever, and you know you should never let them go. 60 years of marriage. Now that's a commitment, an achievement almost. It's astonishing how I, Katniss Everdeen now Katniss Mellark, can even stand being around someone for the time of sixty years, let alone being completely head over heels in love with someone for that long. Yes, I'm madly in love with my husband, Peeta Mellark. When Peeta arrived back from the Capitol I was shocked mostly, I never thought he'd come back. I guess I just assumed that he would stay in the Capitol because there was nothing here for him in District Twelve. He had no family; they were blown sky high when the Capitol wiped out District Twelve with firebombs in attempt to stop the rebellion. But anyway, when he came back from the Capitol we started afresh. It all started when he planted those evening Primroses in my garden in remembrance of my sister, Prim. He sparked a little hope inside of my chest, seeing him pushed me to try and get into my normal routine. Just seeing him back in the District did this. God knows what would've happened if had walked down the stairs to see him sitting at the dining room table waiting for me with a plate of pancakes and blueberries. As soon as I had spoken to him I realised that I needed to get myself together and get my life together, so I ran up the stairs as fast as I could, tripping on the first step as I went. Of course I fell, I wasn't going to go one day without having one bit of bad luck was I? But when I got rid of the horrible stench of those flowers from Snow I knew I'd get better. It must've been that horrid smell that caused me to have nightmares every two hours, because as soon as I got rid of them, the number of flashbacks I had reduced. But that might have had something to do with seeing Peeta. I took my first shower since I got back from the Capitol and then I burnt the clothes that I refused to change out of. There was no way in hell that I was going to be able to wash them and make them smell the way they should smell and not the way they did smell. Why I never showered I'll never know. I was depressed because I had this big house and no one to share it with anymore as I used to share it with my mother and sister. But, I should've been showing them that I was stronger than I was and even though that they were gone I was coping, and I wasn't weak. I should've stayed strong for them, which is what Prim would've wanted to see me doing. But I failed. I failed myself, and I failed my sister. But after that day, things started to get better for me. Buttercup came back and even though I had a fit at him and basically told him to get out, he stayed. He kept me company on the nights that I needed company the most. His soft purrs helped me drift into sleep and somehow they calmed me too. We both loved Prim, even though he was a cat, he loved her just as much as I did and he was heartbroken that she never came back. He was my only part left of Prim, and he still is now to this day. I started doing the family book, as Peeta and I now call it. We filled it with pictures of everyone. My Dad, Prim, Finnick, Boggs and everyone else who had lost their life to Snow. And we've even added to it now. It's gone into a second book. The first book is remembrance of the dead, Finn – Annie and Finnick's son, is the only one who's alive that is in that book. Now we have a second book for our big family. Peeta and I are on the first two pages and the story of our love is on the inside of the front cover. I always loved reading that to everyone, it was truly perfect. The only person I refuse to put into this book is Gale. Since he decided to never come back to District Twelve and to stay in District Two we haven't communicated. I think he's passed away now, I'm not so sure. I can't say that I really care either. Haymitch never had the chance to kick his habit of drinking. We all came to the conclusion that it would be bad for him to stop it completely so he carried on, but we didn't tell him that we watered it all down so it wasn't at all as strong as it used to be. I don't know how he could drink bottle after bottle of liquor all day until he passed out. The smell gets my stomach queasy let alone the taste. But he managed to keep his geese until Christmas came around. We killed them all for our meat, he didn't really mind because they were getting on his last nerve. But we spent Christmas with all the people that returned and it was wonderful. We all had so much fun. Our first Christmas all together in District Twelve. Peeta and I, now there's a story that I could tell for years. We finally grew back together; we fell back in love with each other. He still had his flashbacks but it was nothing that we both couldn't handle. He just held onto the back of the chair until it was over, but as our relationship grew, as soon as I seen that clouded grey/black look take over his eyes and his knuckles turning white from holding onto the chair so hard. I would walk up behind him and wrap my arms around his waist, whispering 'It's not real,' into his ear over and over until he finally relaxed his body. Sometimes I would press a soft kiss to his neck if the flashback was really bad and he was spitting out awful words. My nightmares. As soon as Peeta was back they simmered down to only a few a week. That's the least I had them since I came back from the Capitol- it was an achievement. Peeta would be there to wrap his arms around my body and pull me into his lap and whisper 'It's not real,' into my ear over and over until the memory of the flashback had disappeared from my mind. It started off like this but one night it was bad. It got so bad I was lashing about and I was apparently screaming 'kill me, just do it.' But I'll never know so I just live off what Peeta told me. His arms were there to comfort me but they weren't enough, so he kissed me. His lips comforted me and it made me forget about everything that had just happened in the nightmare. It also made me realise that this was real, what we had was real, and our love story was truly real. When we had got used to each other's presence around the house and the small sweet kisses before he went to work a shift at the bakery, and the lingering kiss and hug as soon as he came through the door coming back from working. That's when I knew it, that's when I really knew I loved him. But it wasn't until that night that we held each other as we slept, and I woke screaming from a nightmare of Prim when he held me in his arms until I stopped crying. I never usually open up to him about my nightmares; I usually keep them a secret and let the memory fade. But this time, this time it was different, I opened up to him. I told him about how Prim had been in front of me, just in my grasp, as my fingers grazed her white District Thirteen uniform, then she flew away, her body turning into ashes and disintegrating into the musty air. And that night was the first time I decided to act upon my feelings towards him. I kissed him on his mouth, and this kiss wasn't like the small kisses we shared before he set off for work or when he came home, prancing through the door with the biggest smile on his face that I've ever seen. I felt that thing, that hunger I felt on the beach in the Quarter Quell. I think he felt it too because that's the night we first touched each other. I ran my hands up his chest, feeling the solid muscles and scars from working at the bakery and from the games, and of course the Capitol. And it was the night we made love for the first time. What a memorable night that was for both me, and him. He was so gentle, afraid he'd hurt me. It made my heart ache; the way he was with me was perfect. Any girl could only dream of having a man like Peeta in their lives, and that makes me look back on our 60 years of marriage and makes me love all of those years. The good times and the bad. That night was also the first night I told him I loved him, well, sort of told him. We finished making love and we lay together for hours, talking about everything, talking about Prim, talking about his father and his brothers. He let me deeper into his life, just as I did with mine. "You love me. Real or not real? He asked. "Real," I answered. And after that moment that that word left my mouth our lives changed. I could love him back, I could feel the same way towards him that he feels about me and has since he was five. We were teenagers in love, and it was perfect. After a year of us being together properly, Peeta proposed to me and I, of course, said yes. We didn't wait long after we got engaged to get married. We didn't see the point in waiting so we did it exactly a year later. We of course had Effie's input on pretty much everything to do with the wedding. We didn't want to have a big wedding like they do in the Capitol and she took that into mind while she went through everything. Anyone would have thought that it was Effie's wedding and not ours. We kept it a District Twelve tradition and we had a toasting. We insisted upon having this as private as possible, we wanted to share our love with each other and not hundreds of people. It was just Peeta, I, Effie, Haymitch and my mother who attended our small toasting, but afterwards Effie put this whole reception together where they married us 'The Capitol Way'. It was interesting to say the least, seeing the way people in the Capitol celebrate things. Even though we had a small toasting and a relatively small reception (I persuaded Effie to only invite people we knew and liked, she wasn't too happy about it, but it was a day for Peeta and I, not her) Effie made me wear a wedding dress. The dress I finally decided upon was nothing