I don't own Twilight, Stephanie Meyers does. Claimed Chapter 1 "I don't want you to go Jasper!" Alice cried. For a moment Jasper was tempted to listen to her. To ignore the insistence of his conscience and just stay in the neat corner Alice had made for him. When he was with her he forgot his demon. Forgot he was a monster. Well...maybe he didn't forget as much as was able to ignore it. Jasper shook his head. It wouldn't be right. It was his fault that Edward had demanded the family leave Bella. His fault she was in danger. "I have to go Alice." He said. "Peter is wrong Jasper. If you go to Seattle you will revert to your old ways. I have seen you with red eyes." Alice cried grasping his shoulder. Jasper shrugged off her hand. She was right. He would have red eyes. He already knew this. He couldn't go where he had to with golden eyes, but he didn't intend on killing a human. He was never going to kill another human...vampires however... He needed red eyes and he would have them. He was already planning on stopping at a blood bank in Seattle. He pulled his long sleeve shirt off his back and flung it aside. He felt Alice's emotions turn to pity and fear but he ignored it. He couldn't hide who he was now. He had to have any advantage possible. His scars elicited fear and he was probably going to need to intimidate people. He pulled a muscle shirt from the drawer and pulled it on. He turned from Alice and walked to the door, picking up his duffel bag on the way. "You'll attack her again if you go." Alice whispered. That made Jasper stop. She wasn't lying...but Peter had said if he didn't go and destroy Victoria that Bella would die. Peter was always right, but Jasper had attacked Bella before. He closed his eyes at the memory of the scent of her blood. Even the memory made his muscles tighten with need. He shook his head. No Alice was wrong. He wasn't even going to see Bella. He was going to Seattle. There he would get all the information he needed, find Victoria and end the threat. Peter was never wrong, sometimes Alice was. He turned the handle and walked out the door. He could feel Alice's grief behind him. She was sure he was never coming back and she was probably right. "So anyways Lauren said this new place was going to be so cool. They section it off. On the floor people drink and dance and have a good time. It has the best dj. Upstairs people lounge around and watch the dancers. Lauren said that only the beautiful people get to go upstairs. She said it's an honor or something. Of course she didn't get invited." Jessica said with a giggle. Bella only half listened to her as she let her drag her through the street. She wished she was home, but she promised Charlie she would try. "Are you sure we can get in Jessica?" Angela said with a frown. Bella knew she wasn't happy about being here. "Lauren said if you looked good it didn't matter how old you were." Jessica said with impatience. Hopefully that meant they wouldn't get in Bella thought. "Here it is!" Jessica exclaimed dropping Bella's arm and clapping her hands. Bella gave Angela a pleading look. She knew Angela only came to insure Bella got out of the house. Jessica had dragged Angela over to her house and rushed her upstairs. They had done a mini makeover on her. Putting more makeup on her face than Bella ever wore. Bella tried to pull her skirt down, it was too short and she was uncomfortable. She had thought Charlie would object to the outfit and let her stay home. Unfortunately Charlie just grinned widely and told the girls to be safe. Bella studied the door Jessica had walked up to. It looked like they were at a warehouse. The man in front was dressed like a security guard and Bella wondered briefly if Jessica had taken them to the wrong place. "You girls shouldn't be out here at night." The man said. "We heard this was the place to be." Jessica said confidently. Bella tapped her finger on her thigh nervously. Angela moved a little closer to her. The man studied them, looking them over before shaking his head and telling them to move along. Jessica stamped her foot. "You let Lauren in!" She yelled. The man ignored her but he looked at Bella again. Bella didn't like the way he looked at her and nervously ran her hand through her hair. Suddenly a flashlight was shown on her. She squinted at the glare and took a step back. The man grabbed her hand and looked at her wrist. He ran his thumb over the scar from James bite. He turned and put his key into the door. He opened it and allowed Jessica and Angela to enter. He held on to Bella's wrist and followed them in, dragging her with him. "You ladies go on through the hall that way. You will hear the music soon. Your friend is invited upstairs." The man told them. Jessica squealed with delight. "Oh just wait till I tell Lauren. I knew you would be picked Bella!" She said clapping her hands excitedly. Angela looked less sure and eyed the man with suspicion. Bella was sure she didn't want to go. "I think I would rather stay with my friends." She told the man taking her arm out of his hand. "Well of course if you don't want to but then you will all have to leave." The man said "Let's go Bella." Angela said with no problem. Bella looked at her friend, she knew she would rather be sitting home too, but Angela needed to get out as much as she did. Ben had broken her heart and Angela had not been out of her room in a week. Her appearance with Jessica was a lot of the reason Bella had come. "Sure, if you don't want to Bella we can go. I'm sure there is plenty other things to do in Seattle." Jessica said with a fake smile. Bella knew she wanted to get one over Lauren since the girl had accepted a date from Mike. Rumors were that she had done more than that with him and Jessica thought she had lost her chance with the boy. "I'll go. Might be fun." She said with the biggest smile she could muster. It felt fake but it was good enough to fool Jessica. Jessica jumped a little and began to walk down the hall. Angela followed slower, studying Bella as if she were unsure. "It'll be good for us Ang." Bella said. Angela grimaced then followed Jessica down the hall. "Up the stairs on the left." The man told her and waited to watch her climb the stairs. Bella had hoped the man would go back outside and she could sneak off to a restroom or somewhere else to hide. No such luck he watched her as she ascended the stairs. She squared her shoulders and pushed the door open. Inside it was dimly lit. Comfortable and spacious. Tables surrounded by couches overlooked the dance floor. She could see the flashing lights below but couldn't see more without moving closer. She walked to the bar. Hopefully she could get a drink and be left alone. She would wait a couple of hours then go downstairs and find her friends. Even at a glance she could tell that the room was filled with beautiful people. She doubted she would be approached. No sooner had she sat down than a drink was placed before her. She looked up in surprise at the bartender. He smiled at her and moved along. Bella looked at it nervously, she just hoped it wasn't alcoholic. She took a tentative drink and realized it was just orange juice. She felt eyes on her and turned sharply. Only to see a man with red eyes leering at her. Bella dropped her drink in surprise but the man caught it before even a drop spilled. "Who do you belong to my luscious beauty?" He asked. Bella's mouth dropped in shock, belong to? He picked up her wrist and brought it to his face taking in a breath as he smelled the scar. "Has the vampire who marked you as a pet lost his interest? This mark is old. I would not neglect such a beauty." He said with a sinister smile. Bella felt her heart pounding. "Pet?" She whispered. The man laughed. "Did you not know? You had to have felt the burn from that mark. Not enough to venom change you but enough to hurt like hell." Bella was confused. Hadn't Edward had to suck the venom out to stop the change? It had been a heroic act...hadn't it? "What's a pet?" She asked, Edward hadn't told her anything about it. The man smiled and stroked her wrist. "A pet is basically a meal kept alive so that we can feed from them again and again." Bella gasped in horror. "Oh don't look so horrified there is pleasure along with the pain and I promise you I could give you great pleasure. Give me what I want or...I will take it." He said suddenly yanking her toward him. She felt her hair being brushed from her neck. She wanted to scream but she was too frightened, she could do nothing but close her eyes and wait for the inevitable. She heard the man yell in anger and looked just in time to see him thrown clear of her. She stared at the back of her savior. Blonde hair and toned muscles...Jasper? No it couldn't be the man wore a muscle shirt. Jasper always wore long sleeves. "I don't want any trouble Major. I didn't know she was yours. You should renew your claim so there is no mistakes." The man who had terrified her stuttered. She felt cold arms encircle her and drag her off her bar stool. "A private room." Her blonde savior said. Jasper? Bella tried to look into his face but it was hidden from her view by his hair and the dim lighting. The bartender gave him a key. She felt herself being dragged along. She should be fighting she supposed but she was still in shock over what the vampire had said and meant to do to her. The man opened the door and pushed Bella inside. He turned and locked the door and Bella waited in suspense for him to turn around. She was unsure what she was hoping for. She was pretty sure it was Jasper. Would he use this as an opportunity to finish what he had started at her birthday party? Did it really matter now that Edward and the Cullens had left her? Maybe she was ready for death, life had become to painful and it was a fitting end to her life. A vampires lover killed by her vampire lovers brother. A tragedy or maybe a comedy. Bella let out a little bitter laugh. The man finally started to turn. Bella held her breath and waited. "Jasper." She whispered taking in his familiar face...eyes...his eyes were red. Bella backed away her knees running into a bed. She fell clumsily and scrambled over the side of the bed in haste. She squeezed herself in a corner, huddling into a ball. She felt his false calm reaching for her but she ignored it. "Bella I promise I'm not going to hurt you." Jasper said his voice soft and deep. She had always loved his voice but she wasn't about to let him fool her. She stayed where she was her arms over her head. She almost laughed at