I don't own Twilight A Sacrifice Chapter one Jasper laid on the bed in his hotel room. Alice laid snuggled into his side with her head on his chest while he played with her hair. Whatever she had seen had saddened her and he didn't like it. He tenderly kissed her hair and held her a little tighter sending her his calm. He always did this after particularly bad visions. He gave her his calm and she gave him her happiness. She was the happiest person he knew and her joy eased his battle weary, guilt ridden heart. She had saved him and he wished he could give her more. The calm he gave after the visions, his unwavering loyalty, his protection, and his affection. It wasn't enough, it wasn't all she wanted but he just couldn't love her the way she wished. He admired her, he had great affection for her, he even desired her but love eluded him. He suspected he wasn't capable of giving her that kind of love. The kind Esme and Carlisle displayed, deep, mature, understanding each other without having to speak. The kind Rose and Emmett had, playful, passionate and fiercely devoted. The kind Edward and Bella …. He stopped his thoughts there he didn't like to think of Edward and Bella. Even now he could smell Bella in the room across from theirs. He knew she was crying, her fear and guilt almost choked out Alice's emotions which were almost a mirror of Bella's. He wanted to go to Bella and comfort her but his place was beside Alice. Her vision had to be pretty bad for her emotions to turn into such turmoil. Alice sighed heavily and sat up. Jasper watched her, waiting for her to explain the vision. She kept her back to him and stared at the door. "Bella was going to be the best friend I ever had." She whispered in a voice filled with melancholy. Jasper couldn't hold back his growl. He felt his chest tighten at the mention of Bella. Was something going to happen to the girl? Is that what Alice saw? He clenched his fist and started to rise intent on going across the hall to stay with Bella and protect her. Alice's voice stopped him. "You can go to her Jazz but give me a minute?" She whispered looking up at him her eyes huge in her pixie face. His heart warred with in him. He needed to protect Bella but Alice had saved him… "Just a minute." Alice whispered again and Jasper melted he gathered her in his arms and hugged her tightly. He let her go when she pushed against his chest. "You need to let me breath so I can speak." She told him with a musical giggle. He smiled at her. This was why he married her, why he was so devoted to her. Even now when guilt and fear were nearly consuming her she was able to feel little moments of happiness. He needed her but he didn't deserve her. "I saw my past…" Alice said her eyes losing that sparkle she had moments ago. He wished it would come back. She smiled at him sadly. "Maybe I didn't remember my past because it was too much with my visions…" She trailed off again then shook her head. "James stalked me, I had visions as a human but they were harder to sort. They were blurry and I often read them wrong. My parents thought me insane and sent me to the sanitarium. They did things to me there…" She stopped and shuddered. Jasper wanted to wrap her up in his arms, protect her from the memories. She continued on before he could. "James met me there. He became obsessed with me. An older vampire worked there. I never learned his name. He changed me to protect me from James." Alice said her eyes had a faraway look. "This is all my fault. James recognized me out there and is going after Bella because he was denied me." She said her head hanging in shame and guilt. Jasper put a finger under her chin and lifted her face. He made her look at him. "It's not your fault. Men like James like a challenge. Bella is protected by a powerful coven. If he can get her it will make him feel strong. Nothing is going to happen to you or Bella. I won't let it." He told her with conviction. Alice smiled sadly. "Promise me you will help Bella through what is going to come." It was more of a demand than a request but Jasper had no problem nodding his head in acquiescence. He already felt very protective of her, something about her called to him. How many times had Alice held him back when he would have rushed to her defense? He knew he had to let Edward protect her but his instincts screamed at him to not let any harm come to her. Alice leaned forward and kissed him passionately. Jasper returned the kiss and deepened it his hand running over her shoulders and down her arm. He shouldn't have been thinking about Bella, Alice needed him. Alice groaned lightly and pushed him away. "I would like nothing more than to stay here and make love to you but we have things to do if we are to save our family and Bella." She said leaning her forehead against his. Jasper smirked lightly at her. He knew how much she loved and wanted him. He tried not to feel guilty that he didn't feel as deeply for her. She swore he made her happy and what he felt was enough. He just needed to trust her. "Go to Bella. She needs comfort right now. I need…I have something to do. I won't be back… till tomorrow night. " She told him leaving his arms. Jasper grabbed her. She was lying…Alice never lied to him. He frowned but didn't want to come out and accuse her of lying. "Please Jasper. I need to do this. Everything will work out as it should." She said her eyes determined. Jasper didn't let go. Something was wrong and he didn't like it. His instincts were screaming at him that she was in danger. "You need to keep Bella safe. You're the only one who can do it." She told him with conviction. It was Bella in danger? He looked toward the door and loosened his hold on her, unconsciously stepping toward the door. He felt Alice sadden and looked back at her. She forced a smile and patted him on the shoulder. "It will all be alright." Jasper hesitated, his devotion to Alice warred with his worry for Bella. Finally worry won out and he turned away from Alice. His hand was on the doorknob when Alice spoke again. "You're a good man Jasper Whitlock. Don't doubt it." She whispered. He looked back at her and smiled. She made him feel good. He hadn't felt like he could be a good person till he met her. He felt Alice's love and sadness grow and he took a step toward her before changing his mind and heading out the door. Bella heard the knock on her door and wiped her eyes quickly before answering it. She opened the door to a softly smiling Jasper. She looked down to avoid his gaze. It wasn't only a sorry attempt to hide her tear swollen eyes, she was also trying to hide her reaction to Jasper. All vampires were gorgeous. Carlisle looked like an angel, Edward was perfection personified, Emmett was the epitome of boyish charm coupled with rugged manliness. Jasper…he was sinfully dangerous and sexy. He made her heart race when she looked at him, so she avoided looking at him. Edward couldn't read her thoughts but he could hear her heart. The last thing she needed was Edward finding out just how much Jasper made her heart speed up. She felt a gentle hand brush her tearstained cheeks. She shivered at the feel of him and pulled away. "Your hands are cold." She told him as she walked back to the bed and sat cross legged in the middle. She really hoped he couldn't read her emotions because they ran wild around him. She doubted he believed her shiver was just from his cold hands. She pushed her hair behind her ear and licked her lips, trying to gather her strength. She loved Edward more than anything but Jasper…Jasper made her want to lose control, made her want to do things she had only read about. "What…" She stopped and cleared her throat embarrassed at the way she squeaked. "Did you need something?" Why was he here? Alice usually didn't let him leave her side. They were practically glued at the hip. Bella really didn't blame her. The girls at school talked about Edward because he was free but if Jasper was free she had no doubt that he would be top of the list as the most wanted guy at Forks high. She suppressed a giggle at her rhyme and it turned it into a snort. She looked up at Jasper embarrassed. Why did she act like such a schoolgirl around him? When she was with Edward she was mature and dignified. Jasper made her feel...girly. Jasper cocked his head to the side and started to grin. That grin turned into a full blown smile and Bella had to close her eyes. She was sure she would be blinded if she continued to look at him. "Alice had a vision and told me I needed to stay with you." He told her. The embarrassment quickly left, replaced by fear. "What was the vision?" She asked noticing his smile was completely gone. "She didn't tell me. She only said she had to do something and wouldn't be back till tomorrow night. Then she told me I had to stay with you and keep you safe." He told her before going to stand midway between the door and window. His eyes turned toward the window and he didn't look back at her. Bella wondered what she had done wrong. She didn't know Jasper well. She had talked to him the least. Partly because of Alice's need to have all his attention on her…Bella looked down why was she thinking such thoughts about her best friend? She felt disloyal and decided to not think of the man standing in her motel room. Bella got herself under the covers and turned off the light beside the bed. Jasper didn't move, he stood there like a statue guarding her. He did kind of make her feel safe…'Stop it Bella!' She told herself. Determinedly she turned her thoughts to Edward. He was out there right now tracking down James and his coven. Risking his life for her. Fear started to build again but she fought it. Edward would be alright. He would able to read James mind if he got close to him. Edward was going to find James, he would take care of the threat and Bella could go back home and the Cullens would be safe. She repeated that to herself again and again, trying to keep her fear contained. She looked over at Jasper finally, unable to sleep and the fear rising again. She should trust Edward, he was a powerful vampire…but he hadn't seemed powerful on that baseball field. He had seemed scared and angry. He had explained his reaction and how it had ultimately put her in more danger. Bella had forgiven him but couldn't help looking at the man standing in her room gazing out her window. Would he have reacted the same? Would he have let a vampire look at Alice the way James had looked at her? Would he have intimidated James, bullied him into backing off? Looking at the man in the moonlight she could believe he would