Chapter 1 Elaine knew that they were following her. They'd been doing it all term, lurking in the shadows. She'd waited for them to do something at first. She'd waited for a flash of light and a shout to scatter the group of first years she was walking to class and show them how unsafe they all were. She'd waited but there'd been nothing. Exams were looming, and still there'd been nothing; so she kept her wand at the ready but she didn't worry much about it. She dropped the first years off with a pleased Professor Flitwick and listened as she walked away, less alone than she'd have liked to be. She didn't run. Running would be nearly pointless in their world of impediment and leg locking jinxes and in such a narrow hall. Running would make them act to stop her. Better by far to walk and seem confident. They weren't following her; she was leading them to her hiding place. They didn't know the way inside. She'd be fine there until they gave up and went away. I'll be more careful next time , she thought. Then she laughed a bit as Razi's voice came to mind. You should be more careful now. Don't let them see where you're going. Elaine disillusioned herself as she reached the proper corridor. Using a spell she'd always thought of as the height of lazy magical ridiculousness, she opened a door further down and then another as she passed it. She was heading for the portrait of Winston the Wan. "They mean me harm and that won't fool them for long," she whispered. The portrait nodded sadly, even as it moved aside. She saw them, Thorfinn Rowle and several other Slytherins, coming down the hall as the portrait closed. "Find her," Rowle snarled as it locked into place. Elaine was stuck for the time being. She walked to the far side of the smallish room and leaned back against the shelving that lined the wall. She was spine to spine with novels by Sayers and Tolkien. Somewhere above her was an assortment of muggle items ranging from dolls to pens and pencils. The other walls had still posters of film stars Sellotaped to them. Whatever they had planned, it'd be worse if they found her in that particular room, but where else could she go? The others would forgive her, surely? Maybe Razi would know of somewhere else that was safe from the future death-eaters. Elaine's heart pounded against her ribs as she closed her eyes and let the fear she'd been holding back crash over her. God and Merlin alike, what if they found her? What if they got in? if she wasn't safe, in that moment, hiding as they sought her actively, then had they ever been safe? The weight of all the risks they'd taken was daunting, but those risks had been necessary. She had to believe that, and she had to calm down. Classes were going to start soon; the footsteps outside need not be their footsteps. They were, of course, but they didn't have to be. Winston wouldn't let them in. Everything could carry on as before, except - Rats ! she thought , I'm going to be late, and then I'll get detention and mess up the whole schedule. Maybe She'll let me off, she continued. Won't be the first muggleborn to show up late and tired or roughed up. She understands most of the time. McGonagall knew what and who Elaine was. She'd understand. A low, angry voice growled at Winston, "She in there?" Winston was silent. Elaine slowed and deepened her breath, fighting against a spike of fear. All she could do was wait. She could do that. She'd done it before. Years before, on a rare sunny afternoon at beginning of summer holidays, Elaine had been reading in a chair she'd dragged out to the front step when McGonagall had walked up the street. Elaine wouldn't have said at the time that she was waiting for anything, but then, there was so much that she hadn't known about herself back then. Pushing back against the Sayers novel she smiled a little despite herself. She'd been waiting her whole life for that hot, sleepy day, and the professor in that stuffy muggle approximation of her robes - a long-sleeved black dress with a hem that brushed her shoes and a wide brimmed black hat – to walk up and say, "Elaine Walker?" That moment was the start of the conversation that would grant her access to a world, to power that had been hers since birth. It would also gift her with the only pocket of time in which she honestly believed that to be a perfect and uncomplicated good. McGonagall couldn't have known how bad it would get, how bad it already was back then. Her lions had always had their fights, and with Slytherin in particular. If more muggleborns and "blood traitors" fought than usual, it would have been easy to miss. She couldn't have anticipated Elaine's sorting, or any of it, and if she had, well – McGonagall wasn't head of Gryffindor house for nothing. She certainly wasn't deputy headmistress for nothing. Professor McGonagall would still have come to Suffolk to put the 'witch' in Ipswich (or rather to let Elaine know she'd been there the whole time). What else could she have done? Elaine had waited, albeit unknowingly. Cursed or blessed with an October birthday, Elaine had even waited longer than some. She'd turned eleven after the cutoff for the previous year. It was time. "Elaine Walker?" Elaine looked up from her book as a woman approached from the road. Elaine had been draped over her chair, but she turned and sat more properly as she realized that she was being looked for. She glanced down at the wireless she'd left playing, but the batteries must have died while she'd been reading. "That's me, Ma'am," Elaine replied, wary. Then she tilted her head and asked, "How did you know?" The woman gave a small smile. "All in good time, child," she said. "Are either of your parents home?" "My mother", Elaine said. "She's just inside, should I get her?" "That might be best," the woman answered. "I am a professor at a rather special school, and I've come to discuss your future. My name is Minerva McGonagall." Elaine decided that it might be best to be kind to the woman who, by all appearances, would not only be discussing but deciding her future. She offered the woman her seat and then ran inside. "Mum!" she called. She found her mother in the sitting room watching something on television. "There's a professor here. She's in my chair and she knew my name. She wants to talk about my future. " "Elaine," her mother scolded as she stood and turned off the device, "you told me that you'd done well last school term. Why is a professor showing up during the summer?" "She's not from my school," Elaine clarified. "She sounds Scottish." Elaine walked with her mother to the front door and when they opened it they found Minerva McGonagall sitting where Elaine had left her and examining the wireless radio with unusual interest. "Please, come in," Lucy Walker said, and soon Elaine and the professor were sitting in the dining room as Lucy pulled a pitcher of lemonade from the refrigerator and brought it over to sit beside a plate of biscuits on the table. The professor had passed the wireless to Elaine and she was holding it on her lap, not wanting to miss anything by going upstairs to put it away. Mrs. Walker poured the professor a glass and then sat down, asking, "What brings you here, professor? And may I ask where you teach?" "Of course, I'm from Hogwarts, a school for students who were born with certain talents. I also act as deputy headmistress." "What sorts of talents?" Elaine asked, intrigued. "Talents like turning on and playing a muggle wireless that has no clear power source," The professor noted. "It doesn't have batteries in it, I looked. And it turned off as I approached, without you having touched it." Elaine froze and looked for herself. It was true. "I…I really wanted to hear a radio drama that played earlier today; I didn't even look before I turned it on." "That's not the first time something like that has happened before though, is it? Something happening when you wanted something very much, or were afraid, or very happy?" McGonagall asked, leaning towards her in interest. Elaine thought back to that time she'd been afraid of the dark after seeing a horror movie and had found her room full of little lights, like small stars glowing and protecting her. She recalled a dozen or so times when, about to be late for dinner, she'd found herself moving faster than she'd thought possible. "It's … it's like magic," she murmured to herself. "Those times, I wasn't dreaming or pretending… it's been real." "Magic is exactly what it is," McGonagall told her gently. "You have magic. You are a witch, as I am." "Hogwarts is a school for witches?" Elaine asked, even as her mother sighed heavily. "This is impossible," Lucy said. She reached out and put a hand on Elaine's shoulder, holding just a bit too tight. "I know my daughter. I'd know if my child was- how do I know that you're telling the truth?" Professor McGonagall pulled a slender bit of wood, Elaine realized that it must be a magic wand, from her bag and proceeded to clean the few dishes in the sink before turning her lemonade glass into a lemon and back. Finally, she stood and changed into a tabby cat. When she was human again, she looked into Elaine's eyes and spoke. "Elaine, you are a witch and so you must understand that you possess powers which, if trained, could serve you well. If left untrained, it is possible that you will do great harm, much greater than your family is equipped to prevent." The professor's voice was stern but not cold as she continued, "Hogwarts has had your name down since you were born. You have always been a witch and it is your right to learn with others of your kind and to take up your place in our world." The professor pulled a few books out of her bag, along with a letter with an extremely specific address. Passing the letter to Elaine, she let the girl read while turning to address Lucy, who was staring at them. "My daughter is a child, and whatever place you have for her, you have to help me understand this first. And you'd better stay for dinner as well. I am not explaining this to Allen by myself. My husband should be home soon," Lucy said. She took a deep breath, though it didn't seem to steady her much. "Is she- Are you human? What exactly do you mean by witch? Will she need a cat?" When Elaine's father came in from work, they repeated the discussion and Elaine was sent upstairs with dinner and the books that the professor had brought for her. By the time the professor left in the evening, it was fairly well decided. Elaine was going to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in the fall, to learn magic. That night Elaine lay in bed and pinched herself a few times. She'd never had a dream that lasted so long, but clearly, if she'd learned anything from the last few hours, there was a first time for everything. Staring up at the ceiling she thought about her life. It was going to be something entirely different now. Different from what she'd thought it would be, different from what her parents' lives were, different from everything she knew, it would have to be. She rolled over, turned on the lamp