If you're here from Ryder Black and decided to give me another chance, thank you. If you're new, well, I welcome you to my story. **Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson and the Olympians, Heroes of Olympus, etc. This disclaimer goes for the entire story. I hope you all enjoy! That day had started out as any normal day. I started the day with my typical routine. The cabin inspection went smoothly, as the night before I had quickly cleaned everything up. It was easy, since I was the only child of Poseidon that we knew of. I enjoyed Ancient Greek with Annabeth, just as always. They were still considering adding basic Latin - nothing serious, because they understood we were all ADHD dyslexic teenagers. It was mostly meant as a sign of friendship with the Romans. Overall, the morning was uneventful. Blackjack had enjoyed Pegasus riding, and something inside me inspired me to give him a few extra sugar cubes and an extra pat. Something told me I wouldn't be seeing him for a long, long time. Then lunch came around, and everything began to happen. What I have to say before lunch, is that ever since the Giant War, the Big Three had claimed more and more children. The oath had been declared null long ago, but it wasn't until now that anyone who was born after that had been seen. Well, all the Big Three besides Poseidon. There were Cameron and Haley, twin daughters of Zeus. There was also Ryan, a new son of Hades. Nico had stopped by once, and apparently he had hit it off with his half-sibling. Thalia had yet to meet Cameron or Haley, but Annabeth had told her of them, and she promised the next time she was around she'd see if she could come over to meet them. In the middle of lunch, two of the newest campers - Kaylee and Carson Bradley - were claimed. Carson was built like a runner - tall, lean, but still muscular. He had dark brown hair that looked black in the right lighting, and eyes that were sea-green, with just a bit more green than mine. He was fifteen, and close to his sixteenth birthday. He had an air of arrogance to him, but was obviously genuinely trying to be a nice guy and sincerely loved Kaylee. His sister, Kaylee, was three years younger than him. She was built like a gymnast - lean like her brother, but also smaller and seemingly very graceful with every step she took. She was seemingly carefree, and held a childlike innocence. And they were both claimed children of Poseidon. I was surprised at first, for the gods rarely visited the same household twice. I shrugged it off - it had happened to Thalia and Jason, hadn't it? I warmly welcomed them both to the cabin, excited at the prospects at having new siblings. I mentally set a reminder for myself to IM Tyson and tell him the good news. Kaylee was better with her powers because she was more focused and graceful, while Carson was a better swordsman, due to his strength. They still both obviously had a long way to go, but I was excited to help them out. It seemed like everything had changed for the better. The first Capture the Flag had went well. The next one had as well. I didn't have reason to suspect that the next one would be any different. But hey, third time's a charm, right? They had both been posted by Annabeth herself on defensive, while I was on offensive. The odds were minuscule that we would ever see each other on the battlefield, much less for more than a few seconds. Then I heard the yelling. There was always yelling in Capture the Flag, but...this felt different. This left me with a very bad feeling. I deviated from the path that Annabeth had carefully planned out for me - she was going to kill me if we lost this - and towards the cries. What I saw there changed my life. Kaylee was sitting there, either dead or quickly dying as blood rushed out of two slashes across her body - one on her chest, and one on her stomach. Her sword hung loosely in her hand as she had lost the power she had to hold both it and herself up. Carson was a few feet away, blood slowly trickling from a wound on his head, and he clutched his arm that had a stab wound on it. He kneeling, one hand on the tree besides him as he was obviously dazed. My eyes widened once I had taken in the scene, and I dropped Riptide as I crouched next to Carson. "What happened?" I asked, moving to help him stand. He let out a low groan, before his eyes shot open. He scrambled back. "You? Was it you ?" I squinted my brow, confused and extremely worried. "What? Carson, what happened? Who did it?" He glared, "Stop...stop with your games…" He looked at Kaylee's body, and a sob caught in his throat. "I'm so sorry Kaylee...I'm so sorry...I couldn't save you…" "Carson, let me help you. We have to go get Chiron and get him to stop the game. Was it a monster? I-" "Shut up!" He yelled, and I began to seriously worry about his mental state at that point. His face showed a variety of emotions, ranging from pure rage to despair to pain and back again. " You did this, didn't you? I knew that voice was familiar. You…" he growled. I was so taken aback, that I took a literal step back. "What? Carson, you got hit in the head really bad. I didn't d-" "Stop lying! You... murderer ." He spat, and upon seeing a bit of blood trickle out of his mouth my eyes widened once more. I noticed him swaying once more. Did he have another wound? "I swear on the River Styx that I didn't do this, Carson." Thunder boomed to seal my pact, and his eyebrows scrunched in confusion. "No…" He whispered, his voice sounding weaker and more confused. I took a few steps forward to help me, and he didn't recoil. "How could it not have been you? It...He...he looked like you. Talked like you. Except…" He looked at me seriously, "His sword was black. Your sword is bronze." His eyes slid to Riptide, just I discovered a seriously bad wound on his back. "Percy," He hissed, grabbing my shirt, "Watch out. He's you . Don't let him...don't be fooled…" He glanced at Kaylee's body once more, and the blood had finally stopped. "I'll be seeing you, 'Lee." He murmured. Panic rose in me. "Carson? No. No!" I began to yell. "Someone! Anyone! Stop the game!" I began to scream, "Chiron! We need a medic!" That's when things seriously began to get weird. Now, at the time nothing was off about any of this. It is only now, reflecting upon my past in such a way, that I can realize with newfound knowledge that these events must have been staged, and another force was at work. Why do I know this, when this was so long ago for me? Because the memories are blurry. Too blurry for nothing to have been manipulating the world around me. I tell myself that after that campers and Chiron begin to arrive. They blamed me for their death. All I can truly recall is Chiron's confused face, and Annabeth's torn face. For so long I thought that she was torn in believing me or not, but perhaps it had been more complicated than that. Hearing everything secondhand, and hearing about the deaths of his two newest children, Poseidon had disowned me, and forced me to flee the Camp. The only memory I have is walking down Half-Blood Hill. I can't say a specific word that Poseidon said to me. The only evidence I have that he actually disowned me that day is that my dyslexia and ADHD have long since disappeared. Then things get clearer once more. It was far past dusk when I finally arrived in the city, and when I looked at the sky I instinctively sought out my favorite constellation - the Huntress. Zoë Nightshade had turned into a constellation just over three years ago. Now, the Huntress was nearly invisible in Manhattan unless you knew it was there due to the city's pollution. Thunder boomed and I was torn out of my thoughts. It started raining and for the first time since I discovered I was a demigod, I got wet without me letting myself. Lightning flashed and I just kept walking. Cars flew past me, as well as people. I probably looked very out of place, but I didn't care at all. I was too numb with grief and disbelief to pay much attention to anything. I was headed for Mom's apartment, of course, since it was the only place I had left to turn to that was on this side of the United States. Mom would believe me. I knew she would. She knew me , and knew I could never be capable of doing such a thing. I wish that I had been paying more attention to my surroundings, because then maybe I would have smelled the smoke before seeing the inferno. The apartment complex was completely in flames - a complete contrast to the dark and rainy weather around it. The fire was so intense that if you didn't know the forecast, you would swear that Manhattan was in the middle of a drought. I pushed away any exhaustion I might of had and ran forward. The firefighters couldn't stop me at the perimeter, the cops could stop me from entering, at that moment I was invincible, as if I had bathed in the Styx again. I ran up the stairs. I kicked down the door to the apartment. Fire nipped at me, but I ignored the small pains. Adrenaline was my fuel. Without Poseidon's powers, I would burn just as easily as any mortal. Did that stop me? Nope. I managed to navigate to the specific apartment - thank the gods it was on the first floor - and kick open the door that was burning so brightly I saw spots. In that apartment, I saw the second most gruesome thing I had that day. Inside was Mom and Paul, dead, with their bodies charred beyond recognition. A sob caught in my throat as my mind threatened to completely shut down. First Kaylee...then Carson...now Mom and Paul? Who else will die today? There were people shouting. The building was crashing and burning around me. I had to get out of there at that point if I wanted to get out alive. No, I can't leave them. I can't... There are so many memories here. I can't let them all burn. Still, my feet carried me to the fire escape. The door was stuck behind debris and flame, but I managed to find a path that only burned my arms slightly. I didn't feel it, but I knew I would later. Now, I was too numb with grief to really feel anything. I saw there the moonlace Calypso had given me so long ago. Acting without much thought, I tenderly took a sprig and put it in my pocket. I may have not be the best gardener, but I knew it would soon die in my pocket. Did I care? Not one bit - I wasn't going to let all the memories burn in the fire that consumed my family. I climbed down the fire escape and escaped from the police, medics, and firemen who surrounded the building with some ease. I ran until I far, far away from that building. From those...bodies. Raw emotions gave me the strength to put one foot in front of another. And that was how