He must have been from out of town , Katniss thought as she lapped at her bottom lip. Licking the cut may have been inadvisable, but she could feel the blood dribbling toward her chin, and she didn't want any good Samaritans to stop her if they saw it. She just wanted to get home and tell Prim they would have to eat cheese for dinner again. A deep loathing boiled in the pit of her chest, lit by that man who ruined their chance at a tasteful meal, the mightier of the two meager gifts Katniss could give to her sister this year. "Mry'Chrissmas, kid," he had muttered as he scuttled around the corner. He may have been drunk, but he was swift. Gone before she could stand back up, before she knew what had happened, and before her mouth began to sting. Someone around here wouldn't dare commit something that could put them in the gossip circles; everyone knew everyone in this part of town. He was probably visiting a relative for the holidays. Strange, that. Most people in Katniss' city had family up north or east, places which were better suited for winter holidays, as they had white Christmases and New Years. In Foxcroft, for that was where Katniss lived, snowfall was brief and anything that stuck was battered into the mud by the persistent rain. Were that not the case now Katniss may have held a handful of snow to her searing lip, but what little snow was still scattered around this part of town was flecked with dirt and near solid as ice due to its rinse in the rain the previous afternoon. Nevertheless, the whims of the weather did not dampen the town's spirit. Most houses, at the very least, boasted their holiday cheer with spools of lights that clung to the gutters or spiraled around trees like ivy, and some lawns were decked with bulbous balloon Santas and snowmen, which stood cheaply against the wet grass and dirty snowdrifts. Some, who did not dress up their houses, kept their blinds open in the evenings to allow their Christmas trees to sparkle gaily at passers by. As Katniss rounded the corner, she came sidelong upon the most Kinkadian scene thus far. A wide wooden sign advertised: Foxcroft Nazarene Church Christmas Eve Service 6:30pm-8:00pm Carols, Communion, Prayer The ground here was cleared of sludge, and golden light poured through the beveled windows to paint the grass as proof. The front doors, upon which hung plump green wreaths, were propped open for churchgoers who ambled to their cars and bid their spirited farewells and goodnights and Merry Christmases. A gentle contentment hung suspended in the air. Katniss followed the tall hedges on her right as she watched the scene across the street. The further she walked, the more of the Church's front came into her view. A tree shorter than the roof beside was draped with silver garland and bells that glinted off of tealight ornaments. Pots of poinsettias gild either side of the porch steps. And as if pulled in by the scene, the moon looked down upon the building from its sapphire sky. I want this , she thought . She wanted it for her sister. She wanted it for her mom and... They were not a religious family, but the quiet community she spied just through the threshold of the church seemed radiant, satisfied. There were no decorations at home this year, no tree beside the woodstove, no icicle lights above the windows and cupboards. It was not the first year they would do without the celebration, but Katniss wanted it to be the last, if only for Prim. Like fragile glass, the abeyance was shattered when a troupe of teenagers spilled out the doors, bubbling and babbling. Katniss blinked and her attention detached from the church. She checked her lip. It was tacky with dried blood, but still open. She let her mouth hang to give the sore some space. "Katniss? Katniss!" She looked back to the church, pulling her jacket tighter around her. She couldn't find her caller at first, but soon movement caught her eye at the bottom of the steps where a blond boy stood with a hand over his eyes to shade them from the church's lights. She didn't answer, but he must have decided she was herself because his hand dropped and he dipped down to heft a bag from the bottom step then jogged her way. Under his certainty, she waited. It was as he reached the yellow lines that she recognized him as the baker's son, the one who ended up in her class every few years. They may have been in Kindergarten together. Definitely first grade. Third. Possibly fourth, but the school was understaffed last year, so it was hard to keep track of classmates with so many kids in each room. She didn't remember his first name, but she thought his surname might have been Malarkey, which was unfortunate. She recalled hearing his dad laugh about it with Dr. Rogers the music teacher after their summer concert last school year. The longer she thought about it, the more of the memory pieced together, like the woman standing beside Mr. Malarkey as his laugh echoed off the gymnasium walls. She had a sour look on her face, like she didn't think it was so funny. Katniss wondered if she might have felt the same way were she stuck with that name. "Katniss, what are you doing out here?" he asked as he neared. "Wait, what happened?" His brows pulled together, and his youth-rounded jaw went stiff like her dad's used to. That thought nearly pulled the stopper on her tears. She sniffed the chilly evening air, letting out her breath in a shudder. "Katniss..." She swallowed hard and met his eyes. "I was mugged. Miss Tess paid me for killing her rats and I was going to the market to get dinner for Prim-" She choked up, reining in the tumble of words. The boy timidly reached out to rub her shoulder. "It, uh, it'll be..." He looked back at the church and awkwardly dropped his arm. "Do you want to come inside with me? We have a first aid kit in the sanctuary." "No, I just want to get home. It'll dry soon," she mumbled, reminding herself not to lick the wound. "Now? But you're walking, and it's almost dark already. Don't you live out in the boonies?" he pressed but continued before she could answer. "We can probably give you a ride home if my mother doesn't argue, or Pastor James could. He helps the teenagers get home from the Wednesday night services, even my brothers, and they tease him all the time." Katniss took a step back. "Thanks, but I don't want help." Because sometimes help doesn't know when it's no longer wanted. The boy looked like he was floundering for anything to change her mind, but he came up empty, and the plastic bag hanging from the crook of his wrist was starting to bite. Before he could shift it to his other hand, he found himself holding it out to Katniss. "What's that?" she asked. "Bread and grape juice. It's what's left over from our communion tonight. My dad baked extra bread, and the juice isn't open because we only had to use one bottle during the service," he explained. He raised his arm higher as the offer became a firm decision in his mind. "You take it." Katniss wavered. "Are you sure it's okay?" He hesitated for a long moment, peeked up at the sky, and shuffled closer to Katniss. "Yeah. Here." Though still timid about taking it, she unfolded her empty grocery bag and set the plastic one inside, careful not to let the juice flatten the bread. "Peeta! C'mon, let's go!" one of the teenagers called from between the dim glare of a pair of headlights. He waved a come-hither wave in their direction. Katniss wondered if he could see her through the shadow of the hedge. The boy, Peeta, turned half way to the church, still holding her gaze. "Be careful, Katniss." "Thank you," she began to say, but Peeta was already running back across the road. Laden with dinner and a new respect for the baker's son, Katniss set off once more. By the time the evening darkened to night and the stars joined the moon in their earth-gazing, Katniss crossed onto the country lane that would lead her home. The road cut a curved line through the forest at the border of the city, making way for the half-dozen families, such as the Everdeens, who lived out so far. Katniss knew this land well. It was as much of a home to her as the house in which she slept - sometimes more so. When the air in the house curdled with melancholy, Katniss would retreat into the forest and be given the space to breathe in the balsam scent - to grieve, and to ignore, in turn, what pressed so heavily on their household. This deep rooted familiarity is what Katniss trusted to pull her where she needed to go when she strayed from the lane into the thick of the forest. Moonlight filtered through the natural canopy overhead, but there were deep shadows that blurred everything further into obscurity the more Katniss was forced to walk into them. Brush and sticks and a sheet of slush crushed underfoot, adding to the gentle sound of the woods shifting and settling around her, as well as to the sharp tweedling of crickets. Before long Katniss' tie to the land paid off and her boots knocked into a fallen tree. She knelt and felt around for the hollow of the trunk. First pulled from the log was a chipped kerosene lantern, followed shortly by her stash of matches. With practiced movements she struck a match and touched it to the wick under the lantern's globe. The flickering glow helped her hide the matchbox and slide the rest of her stored belongings out of their hiding hole: a smooth bow, a sheath of arrows, and a snug leather archery glove - her prized possessions. She slipped on the glove, shouldered the quiver, fisted the bow and lantern, and then marched on. Perhaps it was because she knew she had no more detours, but Katniss' chin lifted parallel to the ground (it tugged at her lip, but the sting was so constant as to be ignored) and her legs pushed harder, renewed of their vigor; she felt like Prim was only a few steps away. She hiked back to the road to follow its edge. Rust-colored pine needles became her constant companions up until she reached the short bridge, the mark of the last stretch. Here the moonlight was free to rollick without the trees, land bare save for croft grass and the creek that flowed under the bridge. It illuminated Katniss' path far beyond the reach of her old yellow lantern. The creek had Katniss' attention as she crossed the low bridge. The water had finally reached the tree line, she noticed. Melting snow ran into the water, raising it to a new level each day, especially now that the rain that was fast returning. "April showers bring May flowers," her father used to say. "But 'round here the rain just drowns 'em out." Thoughts of her father drew her mind elsewhere; so far off she scarcely realized she was thinking at all. Faint memories ebbed in and away again like hot breath on a mirror. She trekked mindlessly over the wooden bridge, eyes trailing over the dull bolt heads keeping it together. The creek rolled by below. "Heads up!" Katniss jolted with the impact on her back. Freezing water sprayed her nape, but her coat took the worst of it. That, and her quiver, which, she realized too late, slipped down her shoulder. On