The first thing that Finnick saw when his eyes opened was white. It was everywhere. White walls that seemed to run endless down the horizon. There was a white ceiling that was so high up that it looked impossible to reach. Even the floor was white. But small wisps of clouds littered around the floor, making it look like it were made from cotton. Finnick's body ached. His head throbbed like it was getting crushed together by two boulders on either side of him. His stomach wasn't much better, rumbling like a thunderstorm. But what hurt the most was his neck. It was like someone had sliced a knife against it. He reached up a hand hesitantly, stroking his neck to see if that was the case. Drawing his hand back, he noted that there wasn't any blood, so that was a positive sign. As much as Finnick wanted to get up and have a look around at this place he was at, he didn't want to actually get up . It was quite comfortable laying on this ground, feeling the small cloud-like puffs of whatever they were tickle his cheeks pink. But Finnick didn't understand. Why was he here? Why wasn't he back at President Snow's mansion where he was supposed to be? That was his mission after all. All he remembered was that something was chasing him. Whatever it was, it was huge. It had razor-sharp teeth and glowing beady eyes that seemed to stare into his very soul. What he felt after that was brutal, it was exactly the same pain in his neck that he was experiencing now. Did the monster catch him? Was he inside the monster? Or was he dead? No, he couldn't be dead. He was Finnick Odair, he couldn't die already , he was on a mission! Besides, if he was dead, he wouldn't be breathing. Finnick let out a much needed sigh, his head spinning. There was nothing he could come up with that would explain the situation he was in. Alive or dead, he didn't know. Then again, he really didn't mind right now. He knew that he was safe, since no one had tried to come after him in a while yet. A rather loud groan escaped his lips as he flipped over to one side, bringing his hand to his face. He stopped, rubbing his cheeks. They were soft. He knew that he had soft cheeks, but not this soft. Besides, wasn't his face covered in scars and scratches before? It didn't take this long for them to heal, did it? "Oh good, glad to see your awake~" It was a voice. Not Finnick's, but someone else with a low tone. It was another man, but Finnick didn't recognize the voice. Who could it be? Besides, he could have sworn it was just him here in this white place. The brunette stirred after a moment, sitting upwards and propping himself up with his hands. His gaze traveled around the white ever-expanding room. There was still nothing. Maybe he just imagined it. Maybe he accidentally inhaled some sort of hallucination gas that was causing him to think up all of this. That seemed more likely. But just when he was about to lie back down, that's when he saw it. Well, it wasn't exactly an it , as he noticed. In fact, it was a person, a boy no older than eighteen. The boy was just sitting there, on a pile of those cloud things, swinging his legs back and forth, looking admiringly around at the white room. Finnick furrowed his eyebrows together. This didn't make any sense. How did this guy just suddenly appear, especially someone who he didn't know? Why didn't he notice him before? Pursing his lips together, he managed to get to his feet with minimal effort. Cautiously, he approached the boy, taking looks around the room in case this was some sort of trick and he was in some form of danger. But there was nothing. In fact, there didn't look like there could be any weapons of any sort around here. But if there was, they were extremely well hidden. Nevertheless, he kept his guard up just to be sure. The boy sitting on the pile of cloud smoke had acknowledged his approach and moved slightly over to face him. The boy was tall, probably about the same height as Finnick. He was blonde, with hair that stuck up straight in the front as if it were styled up in that way. He had bright blue eyes that seemed to brighten up the room even more than it already was. His shoulders were broad, which seemed to go along nicely with his well-muscled body. Overall, he was a piece of eye-candy for Finnick here. "You're awake and moving!" The boy smiled slightly over at him, clearly pleased to see him up. Finnick tried to keep his expression straight. This was no time to be all flirty now with people, especially since they just started talking to each other. "Yeah," Was all that Finnick could muster out. Normally, he was fine at talking with other people. But this time it was just... weird. Maybe it was because he was still struggling with his surroundings and trying to grasp ahold of what was supposedly going on. "Woah, are you okay? You don't look so good all of a sudden." The boy's voice snapped him out of his thoughts. Finnick glanced up at him, now looking a cross between confused and innocent. He wanted to say that he wasn't okay. He really did feel sick. He felt sick when he first woke up in here. "I... uh...," He struggled with his words again. Why was it so hard to get a point across? "Calm down, you don't need to start talking yet. Just give it a few moments." The boy explained, hopping down from his cloud pile, which grew smaller until it had disappeared into the other puffs around on the ground. Finnick nodded in understanding at the boy's commands, keeping his lips together. Once Finnick found his voice, he knew he would start to ask this stranger everything that was bothering him now. "Here, I'll get you a chair for you to sit down in." The boy offered, approaching Finnick, but keeping his distance at the same time, as though not to alarm the other. Finnick furrowed his eyebrows together. A chair? Where would he find a chair in this place? Especially this place? He watched the blonde wander away and down the white room a ways, glancing around the room as though he really was going to find a chair in this place. Sighing and shaking his head, Finnick turned the other way before closing his eyes. He was back in President Snow's mansion again, but he was laying down now like he was the first time he came to the white room. There was a girl, younger than him, that was leaning over his face. She was crying, tears coming down for pale cheeks as she stared down at his eyes. Chaos ran ramped behind her, but Finnick paid no attention to that. He was just focused on the girl. Why was she crying? "Katniss..." The name of the girl issued out of Finnick's mouth softly. "Hmm? Katniss, you say?" Finnick opened his eyes, turning around to see the blonde behind him. He stared down in shock at the chair that the blonde was leaning against. Where the hell did the chair come from? The boy smiled stiffly, moving away from the chair and pushing it more towards him so he could sit down. Finnick smiled reluctantly and sat down. It was just pure comfort and he felt as though he could fall asleep at any moment just by sitting in this chair. Wherever it came from, he was glad that this guy had brought it to him. He was about to breathe out a thanks, when the boy started talking again. "Sorry it eavesdrop, but I heard you mention a Katniss.,,?" Finnick, whose voice suddenly vanished again, just merely nodded in agreement at him. "Really? Huh..." The boy looked down at the ground, furrowing his eyebrows together in thought. Raising an eyebrow curiously, Finnick sat in the chair, watching the other with wonder. He was still trying to figure out who this guy was. He didn't know him, that was for sure. "Katniss... I haven't heard that name in a while. It's very familiar." The boy continued, glancing up at Finnick for a moment. But after a moment of thought, he just shrugged it away, seeming as though it wasn't important. How had this guy known Katniss? Well, nowadays, everyone knew of Katniss. But still, this intrigued him even more. "Anyway, are you alright now?" The boy changed the subject, moving his head to look down at Finnick in the chair again. He was comfortable in the piece of furniture now, snuggling closer in the cushions. Nodding his head, Finnick smiled up at him sleepily. "That's good. Some of the color is coming back into your cheeks again." The boy observed, moving backwards until he landed on the pile of clouds he was sitting on before. Finnick felt his cheeks heat up slightly, so he just let out a sigh. "Umm... If you don't mind me asking..." He began, glad that he could hear his voice once again. Hearing his voice caused the other boy to lift his head in interest. "Uh... who exactly are you?" The blonde looked down, pressing his lips together so that they made just a line across his face. Finnick suddenly felt sort of guilty for asking such a question. Maybe he was already supposed to know who this boy was? "My name's not important," He finally replied carefully. "No one remembers my name. They never remember." Finnick stared up at the other absently with slightly large eyes. He immediately felt sympathy for him. Here Finnick was, one of the most popular people in all of Panem, sitting with someone whom he didn't even know, yet alone no one remembered. He felt bad. He felt like this was suddenly his fault for bringing this up. "Ah, sorry to hear that," Finnick tried to sound as apologetic as possible. "But I'm Finnick, by the way, Finnick Odair." But the blonde merely just smiled at him. "No need for the sympathy, I'm used to it." He nodded, just to push his argument further. "But it's nice to meet you, Finnick." "Right, sure, same to you." He also nodded, but moved his attention to gaze around the white room again. "So, um... where exactly are we?" "You know? I haven't the slightest clue." "Really?" Finnick glanced back at the other, obviously surprised in his response. "Yeah, but my best guess is that it's some sort of room. Though I'm not sure why it's white." "True, maybe." He nodded in agreement, turning back to the walls again. "Maybe... Maybe we're in a dream of some sort?" He tried. The blonde just snorted though. "If this was a dream, I would've woken up a long time ago..." This caught Finnick's attention. He sat up in his chair, moving into a more comfortable body position so that he looked like he was interested in what the other was saying. "Really? How long have you been here?" The blonde shrugged, swinging his legs slightly back and forth while he sat on his clouds that seemed to resemble a table. "Dunno," he admitted. "There's no sun here, so you can't see. And there aren't any clocks either." He shook his head, letting out a sigh. "It's like time freezes in here. It's strange if you ask me." "Yeah..., strange..." He agreed, nodding solemnly again. The both of them were silent for a few moments until Finnick spoke up again. "This doesn't make any sense." "What doesn't?" The blonde's face perked up, meeting the other's gaze.