This doesn't belong to me. "Hallia Mellark?" I look up and smile at the man. "How can I help you?" I ask but am rudely cut off by the man. "You need to come with me." I blink in rapid succession. Huh? "Pardon?" The man probably got me confused with someone else; or he's a creepy paedophile, I'll go with the former. "You need to come with me," he repeats again, looking intensely at me. I'm getting a very strong sense that he's just creepy. He doesn't look the type to drag me to an alleyway and then dump my body in a bin. But as Mother says you never know. "I can't really do that, you know bakers work," I laugh nervously. He looks as intense and serious as before. So it is obvious that jokes aren't the best ice breaker. Damn I have no more tricks. "It is your destiny." I snorts, is that supposed to be some kind of weird pick up line. My brothers could do better than that and they're psycho's (not entirely their fault, but still). He looks completely serious and I have decided that he's definitely a creeper. Creeeeper. "I'm not really a destiny type of person. I'm more of a bakey frosty type of girl. Bread is my thing. Cupcakes too." His face is blank, "Cause I'm a bakers-" "It doesn't matter. You need to come with me." Rude. I know that I go on a bit about useless stuff (Dad is always bitching about it) but still. "And why should go with you?" I snap at him. The guy straightens up as if he's telling me something of highest importance. "You are the Chosen One. You were chosen to protect the world. It is your duty to protect us from vampires, demons and all other forces of evil." I look at him and he stares back. And without fully meaning to I let out a full on belly-laugh. Why was I getting so worried? It's so obvious that my brothers are pulling a joke on me and a much nicer one (I will never forgive them for the Prank of 2556, never ). "Okay Rye, Bannock you can come out now. That was pretty funny," I giggle. The man looks annoyed, he's good . "This isn't a joke. Haven't you had strange dreams?" "Well yeah, but-" "You've gotten stronger and faster?" "Sure, but the point is-" "You-" I interrupt him. This isn't funny anymore. "I ate cheese before bed, my mum is the butcher's daughter, I'm expected to lift up huge sacks of flour as a job and I grew up with violent psycho's who happen to be on the wrestling team. What do you expect?" I list each reason on my fingers The man's open his mouth and then promptly closes it at the bell. I had forgotten that there were more people. "We'll continue this," he says briskly and I roll my eyes. Hopefully I've got a normal customer. "Yeah, yeah," I wave him off but there is something in his words that makes something in my stomach curl and twist. I watch him leave before turning to my next customer. My eyes widen, my mouth dries, a whole load of butterflies (or more appropriately spiders) fill my stomach. There in front of me is Robin Everdeen: hunting extraordinaire, voice that can silence the birds, hottest guy in District 12 and the guy I have been in love since I was five. Okay play it cool, don't overdo it, it's not like you've liked (loved really but that sounds creepy) this guy since forever. "Hi Hallia." "H-hi Robin," I smile widely. Should I even smile? What if there's something in my teeth? Would he prefer a scowl? Snap out of it girl. He looks concerned, Ohmygod, there's something in my teeth, isn't there? I'm creeping him out. "Are you okay?" he asks, I nod quickly. "Yeah I'm fine," I laugh nervously. I'm clutching the counter tightly. Crack! I look down and the part of the counter I had been clutching is a bunch of splinters. Robin jumps. "Are you okay?" Robin jumps to action now looking worried if not a little green. "Yeah, yeah I'm fine," I say shakily. Robin takes off his bag and starts to rummage through it. He pulls out some bandage and herbs. "Oh no, you don't have to," I quickly say, Robin shoots me a look. My first real conversation with Robin is going badly so far. "It's the least I can do, after," he pauses and my eyes widen. He remembers, he remembers the bread, "just give me your hands." I pass them wordlessly. It stings a bit as he pulls out splinters but I'm enjoying this, this quiet companionship, his presence, his hands "You're really strong," he says offhandedly and I stiffen. He probably didn't mean it as anything more but I can't help but think of that man and draw links. I am really strong, now . He looks up at me, "Blame it on my Dad and my brothers, they're absolute freaks with this kind of stuff," I say shakily and he laughs a small sound and there is an even smaller smile. Just a little curve of the lips but I think that it is the most beautiful thing ever. I did that. I made him smile, a bubble of pride swells up inside of me. I look down at our hands so very different, his dark hands engulf my pale white ones. I wonders if he is surprised to feel calluses and smalls scars on my small and pale hands. He doesn't say anything just smoothes the bandage. It is clumsily done but I truly appreciate the effort and it means more to me than my Dad or brothers soothing my burnt hands. "Robin? What's taking you so long?" A voice I would rather not hear asks. Robin turns to look at his best friend, hunting partner and one of the most beautiful girls in the district. Gail Hawthorne with long dark hair twisted into some kind of plait, long legs, full breast. The boys talk about how she has the full curvy body of a Merchant and the dark skin of the Seam made into one nice little package. "I was just talking." Robin's hands lingers on my own for a second before letting go of my hands. Gail glares at me and I tries to not look terrified. I'm really getting the feeling that the world hates me for some strange, unexplained reason. "What can I get for you?" A pair of grey eyes swivel in my direction, they look kind of creepy like that and I have to remind herself that I have done nothing wrong in speaking. Gail's glare says otherwise. "I want to order a cookie, for my sister Prim," he explains. I pick the most beautiful cookie on the tray, one delicately frosted with a cat surrounded with flower. His eyes widen. "How did you?" He shakes his head, "Never mind. I can't buy this it's too expensive." He looks slightly sad and my heart goes. Before I can remember to connect my mouth to my brain, I open my mouth. "On the house." Two pairs of eyes look at me suspiciously. Why do I talk? Maybe Gail's glare was right, I should really just shut up. "We don't need your charity," Gail snarls, I recoil back. "It's not charity. Consider it payment for sorting out my hands," I snap back, Gail glares at me and I can just see the smoke rolling out of her ears and nose. "Anyway Prim would like it." I turn towards Robin, his face has softened. "All right, but I am paying you back later on." And that, Ladies and Gentlemen is how you get Robin to do something: just mention the name Prim and poof, nice Robin. The boy had a serious soft spot for his sister. "Yeah that's fine," I say but inwardly I'm already formulating a plan on how to stop Robin paying. Everything is going well, I'm handing Robin the cookie, Gail doesn't seem to be as scary and I sound like a normal person. "Oi Gimp, you're needed back here!" The voice of all evil shouts. Forget President Snow, it's Rye you should be scared of (did I just compare my older brother to the Founder of the Hunger Games, yes, yes I did). I blush heavily and Gail is smirking. The world totally has it in for me. "I'm busy!" I yell back. There is moment of silence and I silently thank whatever is silencing my brother, maybe he choked (crossed fingers). "Come here you little shit! I need you to do something." I take back that thank you and to whoever is supposed to keeping Rye quiet, well you suck. I look up, Robin looks horrified (no surprise there) I can't imagine him swearing at Prim and Gail looks like she's seen something hilarious. Haha, yeah my life is so funny. Why don't you be me for a day and keep Rye in the closet until you want to entertain yourself or guests. And I will be in the forest with Robin shooting cute stuff (and having awesome make out sessions with him). I sigh and mumbles goodbye to Robin and Gail. "See you later Hallia." Robin waves and smiles at me sympathetically. I smile back. "Yeah, see you around." I wait for them to go and waits a minute longer to make sure they aren't in hearing range. "I hate you!" I scream at my stupid older brother. "What did I do?" He asks innocently, he looks all angelic, with rosy red cheeks and golden curls. Evil little dickhead. "You know what you did," I spit at him but Rye looks confused. "What is all this racket about?" Dad asks, his heavy gait approaching. "She's gone crazy," Rye quickly says. "Go to hell," I snarl. Dad looks at me disapprovingly. "Hallia! Language. Apologize," he orders. Rye looks like his name leapt out of the reaping bowl, making a run for freedom and Christmas combined. "I'm not going to apologize to that freak!" "Hallia." "Yeah Hallia," Rye mimics. "Shut up Rye or I'll make you pick up a load of ingredients and parcels from the train with no help." Rye's face goes sour at the threat and I smirk at him behind Dads back. Rye looks like he's just swallowed a lemon. Finally justice. "Sorry," I say sweetly but it feels uncomfortable to say the words. "What would your Mother say, she said she was feeling sick." All my anger disappears and is replaced with guilt. Rye's expression doesn't change though, he almost looks indifferent. I frown at him. "How is she feeling?" How could could I be so loud, I know best how Mum gets when she's sick. "She's doing better but all this noise won't help," he explains and I nods. "Why were you angry at your brother?" Dad asks, I shake my head. "Oh he embarrassed me in front of Robin," I say distractedly, I want to see Mum. "Can I still credit for that despite not knowing he was here?" Rye questions and I push him. He lands on the floor. We stare at each other shocked. I didn't even push him that hard. It is impossible to do that, he is a wall of muscle, all big and bulky "Sorry Rye, I didn't mean to push you so hard," I help pull him up and flutter uselessly around his side. "It's okay." But he isn't looking at her any more. I turn to see what has caught his attention. There leaning weakly on the doorway is Mum. "Mum? What are you doing here? You should be in bed." I hurry to her side. Mum accepts my arm and leans heavily on me. "What's with all the noise?" Mum moans in my ear. "I'm sorry