Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. PART I Chapter 1 Seamus's Secret The Hogwarts Express shuddered into motion, beginning its long journey northward. Harry, Ron and Hermione window-shopped for a suitable compartment until they found Neville alone in one and slipped inside. "Hey, Neville," greeted Harry. "Harry!" said Neville, pulling his gaze away from the rolling countryside and wearing a broad smile. "Hi, Ron, Hermione." "How was your summer, Neville?" asked Hermione. "Not very good actually," said Neville. "Grandma had some fit so we had to take her to St Mungo's. But she's back home, healthy and all—alive and kicking." "Kicking in your direction," Ron muttered, whereupon Hermione jabbed an elbow into his side. "I mean, glad to hear she's doing well," Ron coughed. Miss Longbottom was a ferocious witch who wore with a stuffed vulture on top of her hat. The door slid open and Dean and Seamus entered. "Hey, Harry!" Dean said cheerfully. He darted forward and lifted Harry cleanly off the floor; Harry's head barely missed the overhead compartment. "Jesus, Dean!" breathed Harry as his feet found the floor again. "What the hell have you been doing to yourself, mate?" He gave Dean an awed once-over and rapped on his broadened chest. Seamus looked away hastily. Dean was doubtlessly blushing but his dark complexion was also coming in handy. He smirked down the query, obviously wishing to maintain the mystery about his new handsome build. "Now I know how you feel with Ron over here, hey, Harry," said Seamus wryly as he shook Harry's hand. "Blimey, mate. What were you doing to get those? Pushing coal stoves?" said Ron, marvelling at Dean's growth spurt which had left Seamus miles behind. "You better start being careful ducking the Fat Lady's hole, yeah." Foreheads twitched at the odd ring of these words. Dean smirked proudly again. Not used to Dean's new form, Harry found Dean's descent into the seat beside Seamus almost epic to watch. "Why don't you sit here on my lap, shorty?" Dean boasted to Seamus. "Argh, fuck off!" Seamus said playfully, pushing Dean away. "Get over yourself, mate. You're not that handsome!" Several foreheads twitched again. Harry was not sure where Dean's handsomeness came into it, and he gave Seamus a sidelong look. Ginny gave her previous boyfriend a final, grudging once-over of appreciation before she looked away out the window proudly. "So!" Ron announced to the compartment, one eye darting towards Hermione. "Anyone excited for fifth year?" A round of despondent noises filled the compartment, but Hermione had suddenly activated. "I just skimmed through our textbooks just to see what we'd be covering this year," she said as she jumped to her feet and reached over into her bag, which was resting in the overhead compartment. "It's going to be so exciting! Finally, some real work for a change! It's kind of a huge step-up from the previous years! Well, that speaks for most of the books we have this year, I think." She pulled out a dark-blue, royal-sized book entitled, in silver type, Defensive Magical Theory by Wilbert Slinkhard and returned to her seat. "We're going to start learning stuff that's now actually useful! It's an OWL yeah, goodness!" "McGonagall is so gonna be a pain in the arse right now," Harry concluded with a groan. The chance that he and Ron could skate Transfiguration with the skin of their teeth diminished with the square root of Hermione's level of excitement, which was expressed in the total amount of pages of reading required this year. "As she well should be," said Hermione strictly. "You have no idea how important your OWLs are. They can practically change the course of your entire academic life!" "I'd rather die than have an academic life," Ron said dryly. "And then what job would you look for, if I may ask?" enquired Hermione. "Ollivander's assistant?" Ron's eyes lit up. "Oh, I've never thought of that!" Hermione scoffed witheringly and threw open the cover of the book in her lap. "I'm still trying to figure out if this book is worth the paper it's made with," she said, turning its pages aimlessly. "You couldn't even if you want to, mate," Harry laughed. "Your mum would fry your bits!" "No grandkids for her, then," retorted Ron. "And you can't wank anymore," Harry pointed out kindly. Ron's mouth twitched. "Yeah, that's no funny that," he snickered. His smile faded as his eyes found Hermione's book, at which point he looked away with tepid restraint as though it were an object of a religion different to his own (as were its owner) and something incompatible with his own beliefs and capacities and with which he need not concern himself. "You wank, Harry?" asked Neville, his eyes growing big and round. There was an extremely awkward pause in the conversation. "Um," said Harry in the absolute quiet. He saw Ginny and Hermione throw Neville looks of disbelief, cheeks scarlet. Feeling hot in the face himself, Harry was so desperate to escape the moment that he even attempted begging Malfoy telepathically to barge into their compartment sooner than usual to perform his traditional taunts. "I'm going to the bathroom," Harry suddenly announced. He came to his feet and hurried towards the door. He dove for the bathroom door before the towering trolley of snacks and candy crashed into him as it was so stacked the lady pushing it would not have seen him through the mountain of candy. He shut the door behind him, took care of business, washed his hands and waited doing nothing until he was sure he could return to the compartment having lost all his self-consciousness and Neville the little courage he had mustered to ask him such a personal question. But then with horror Harry realised how his visit to the bathroom could be construed back in the compartment. Looking to pre-empt any suspicions, he bolted out the bathroom back into the corridor and suddenly caught a glint of platinum: Malfoy was entering a separate compartment from which came a great upswing of raucous noise and applause. Soon afterward Harry heard Malfoy's familiar drawl. The new amounts of uppishness and conceit in his voice were so unbearable to Harry that he lost all sense of urgency, rolled his eyes and was glad to shut the voice out when he closed the door of his compartment. "Relieved much?" asked Ron as he failed to contain his huge grin. Mortified for the second time and with as much intensity, Harry took his seat and pressed his face into the window, resolutely staring outside and trying to ignore the snickers from the other boys. It was not as though they did not do it as well, Harry thought indignantly. It was unfair he was singled out. Where's Malfoy when you bloody need him? After some time Harry did not find it hard to block out the noises from his companions, for sleep was wooing him insistently; his eyes drooped and a trickle of saliva slid down the window from his hanging mouth. He jerked himself awake and wiped the window as surreptitiously as he could without alerting Hermione. If he were to doze off now in front of her, it would lead to questions about why he was not getting enough sleep. Only Ron knew the answer, and Harry would like to keep it that way. In any event, he knew that if he let the temptation of sleep mount, the rest would be all the more enjoyable when he finally obliged. Nevertheless, it broke the routine nicely though inconveniently that Malfoy did not pitch up in their compartment. And it rather lent a spring to Harry's step as he fought his way through the throng of students towards the horse carriages, which, if his memory had not failed him, were supposed to be horseless. But he was bundled into the carriages by Hermione before he could ask any questions, and they were jostled along the rocky route with their friends towards the towering castle. Harry put the mystifying picture of the skeletal horses to the few hours of sleep he had managed to catch ever since he returned to the Dursleys after Cedric was killed and Voldemort reborn. He still could not look his friends in the eye following that wounding, even if innocent, enquiry from Neville. But the sight of the jutting turrets and glowing windows looming towards him as he and the other students made their way to the Entrance Hall was soothing, and he forget the incident. That feeling he knew so well and loved so much grew stronger with each yard the castle came closer. A few minutes later they entered the Great Hall and took their seats. Golden goblets and plates appeared on the tables, mercilessly dangling the prospect of the feast at them. Harry managed to hear Ron's stomach growl on top of the excited chatter and scraping chairs. Professor Dumbledore slipped into the Hall from a door behind the High Table, took his throne-like seat in the middle of it and began making conversation with the professors around him. Anticipating the meal as eagerly as his students were, he threw his waist-length beard over his shoulder and held his knife and fork at the ready. When Harry caught sight of Dumbledore for the first time, a thrill of emotion seized him. It surged in spite of whatever new terrors and triumphs the new year might bring forth. As he sat at the Gryffindor table, familiarised himself again with acquaintances and pleasant strangers, as his feet recalled that lovely and worn track from the gate to the Entrance Hall, and as he revelled in that profound and ancient magical spirit the immensity of the Great Hall called upon, that pulsating feeling that had been with him since they approached the castle matured and spilled over in a warm and profound moment of exhilaration. A huge, painful grin which he shared only with himself slowly spread across his face. In that moment, he knew he was home again. Professor McGonagall marched through the great doors leading a long line of first-years. When the Sorting was over a few minutes later and the line had assimilated into the four Houses, McGonagall took her seat at the High Table and settled into a rather expectant posture as she eyed Dumbledore sharply. Short of slapping Professor Snape's arm, Dumbledore was adrift in gossipy ecstasy: he made a noise of disbelief at Snape after the Potions teacher muttered something to him. Dumbledore swiftly turned to face McGonagall with the jumpiness of a mischievous child when she tapped him on his shoulder. McGonagall cleared her throat, which ended his riveting chat with Snape, who, though as sullen and sallow as ever, looked quite relieved. "Oh, dear. A speech before we banquet, yes," said Dumbledore, preparing to rise to his feet. "Er, thank you, Minerva." He tapped his goblet with a spoon to get the attention of the Hall and spread his arms wide. "Welcome to another year at Hogwarts! I would especially like to welcome our new recruits! Eh, forgive the war-speak," Dumbledore chuckled as his crinkled eyes fell on Snape, "and my cynical use of it during these… interesting times. Hem hem, there's nothing quite like first experiences," he continued, "and I would wish to call upon the older students to make the first-years' maiden strides here at Hogwarts as pleasant as possible." Dumbledore continued with the usual announcements about rules and details about the upcoming Quidditch season. Not long after the speech, Harry's stomach leapt at the sight of the golden cups filling with pumpkin juice and Hogsy and their plates with everything from shepherd's pie to beef casserole.