Been in a bit of a rut with Blood Trails and busy editing other stuff but this just came to me and I wanted to get it out. Okay well I started this for the Tricks or Treats contest but it got away from me and then I wanted to have it uploaded for Halloween but my poor Beta wasn't able to get it done in time, my fault for sending it late, my bad, loves ya Mrs. P., she even stayed up till like four in the morning and worked tirelessly but technological problems and a swollen foot from an injury kept her from it. MrsEdwardCullenP, you are amazing and I have to thank her for all her hard work on this. Thanks doesn't quiet cut it but again thank you. Alright well that's enough for me, so here it is, it's a one shot based. SM owns the characters I just played with them. See ya at the bottom! The Dark Prince and the Blood Bride " ...filled with joy, Cinderella and Prince lived happily ever after," I read quietly to the sleeping little girl. I had read this story twice already and was quite happy to see that she was finally asleep. I had been babysitting little Bree on and off for the past year when her family moved into the house just below from my apartment. Her mom and I talked for a few minutes when they moved in and I even brought over a cake to welcome them to the neighborhood. She thanked me and we got to chatting. I never did much babysitting growing up but one night her mom Angela showed up at my door crying with a sleeping Bree in her arms. Her husband had been in an accident and she was on her way to the hospital but didn't want to bring Bree so I told her I would be more than happy to help. Luckily Ben was fine; just a broken arm and some bruised ribs, but he would be fine. After that night Angela asked me to babysit a few times and I learned very quickly that little Bree loved Disney princesses and her favorites were Cinderella and Ariel. I looked down at the little cutie once more and tip toed out of the room, picking up a few toys along the way. I turned on her nightlight and walked out the door. "Ms. Bella," I heard her quiet little voice. DAMN, almost there. "Yes sweetie," I cooed hoping that she just wanted me to tuck her in so I could get downstairs and read my book. "Will a fairy godmother give you a pumpkin and a prince?" she yawned and I fought back a snort. "Oh sweetie, even though it's a fairy tale, I truly hope so." I kissed her head, tucked her in again and watched as she drifted off. I ran out of the room and down to the living room diving for the couch. I eagerly turned on my kobo e-reader, anxious to see what was about to happen. Thirty minutes later I threw the damn thing down and huffed as little Bree's words raced through my mind. I was twenty five years old; I hadn't had a boyfriend since I was a freshman in College and I hadn't had sex in three years. Where the hell was my pumpkin carriage that would take me to the ball where I would meet my prince? I mean I had a great career as a web designer which allowed me to work from home. I was a little plain looking I think but I wasn't the wicked witch from the west either. But I couldn't find a man. I had my fair share of dates but they were all just so stupid. One guy was quite handsome but I kept catching him checking out the waitress and then he looked at me and said ' Hey baby, enough of this of this chit chat, let's me, you and the hot blonde with the huge rack go back to my place. ' I threw my water at him and left. Then there was the guy I met in the library, he was sweet and I figured he was intelligent since he was in the library and we seemed to hit it off as we talked about movies versus books. Then he showed up at my door wearing a toga and smelling like a keg and he reeked of weed. The worse thing was that my parents were visiting at the time and as soon as my dad- the chief of police- caught a whiff of my so called date, he pulled his gun and ran the guy off. Don't even get me started on the creeps and idiots I met through online dating, like the guy who wanted to meet in the warehouse district and when I looked up the address I found out it was abandoned. I had no plans to meet him anyways but I blocked him and changed my profile thinking that he was clearly a serial killer and even went as far to send my convo to an old friend of dad's who works for the FBI, you know just in case. Then there were several guys who just messaged me looking for sex and a few others who once they found out what I did for a living, told me that I wasn't their type. Chauvinistic pigs. I left Angela and Ben's about an hour later and I'd be lying if I said I didn't look to see if by some frigging miracle, a fairy god mother was there waiting for me. Hell, I even glared at the pumpkin on my doorstep for Halloween, which was in a couple of weeks, willing for it to turn, but no such luck. I sighed as I entered into my house, feeling sorry for myself. I grabbed a bottle of wine thinking that if I was going to have a pity party I might as well do it the right way. Two hours later I was on the couch with a tub of double chocolate fudge mint ice cream, whip cream, a cheesy romance movie on Netflix, the second bottle of wine half gone and I was feeling no pain. I would tomorrow but I wasn't about to think about that. I cried a little, blaming the stupid movie and then I grabbed the afghan off the back of the couch and snuggled in as I down the last of my wine. Ah Jackson Triggs, you'll never let me down. " Isabella ," I heard someone whisper and I bolted upright from the couch. What the fuck? " Isabella," said the voice again and I was getting creeped out. I turned around looking for whoever spoke but didn't really see anyone. " Isabella ," the voice called again, a little louder and I turned towards my kitchen. There standing in the shadows was a dark figure. It looked like a man and while I should have screamed bloody murder, all I did was gasp. He was tall and lean or at least the shadows made him appear that way and the slight light coming from outside showed that he had his arm extended, beckoning me to him. I should have ran, screamed, hell I should have maced the shit out of the fucker but like the idiot I was, I threw off the blanket and walked towards him. Oh his eyes… my goodness. Never in my life had I seen eyes like his; they had a beautiful and yet scary shade, like the golden glow of a tractor beam. They hauled me in. I couldn't stop and even if I could something told me that I didn't want to. " Mmm, Isabella ," he spoke softly giving my skin goose bumps.. He was still cloaked in darkness but I could make out the outline of his face and yet again it was his eyes that got me. They were so green and bright, they almost looked yellow. "Who, what…?" I stuttered but he shushed me with a kiss that made my knees weak and my limbs go numb. I surrendered completely to the man with the freaky eyes. What the hell was wrong with me? He pulled away first and gave me what looked like a huge smile and I smiled back for some frigging reason. Lights from a passing car shone through the window and I was able to make out his face. He was hot however something was off. He had this abnormally incredible jaw line, I could see a hint of copper from his hair but his smile was off. That was when I noticed it; his teeth were so white but there were also fangs. What the fuck? Fangs! I started to panic and tried to pull away but his grip was too tight, he was too strong and I noticed this his smile went away and he growled while I struggled. He then started lunging for my neck and I closed my eyes. "No!" I screamed and thrashed and then I hit something. I opened my eyes to find myself on the floor while this annoying ringing blared in my ears. I grabbed my cell phone and saw it was only eight in the morning. Who the hell would be calling me this early? "Hello," I groaned, my throat felt like sandpaper and cotton and my head was killing me. Stupid Jackson Triggs. "Bella, is that you?" my soon to be ex-best friend yelled into the phone. "Yeah Jess, it's me," I croaked. Even my own voice was making my head hurt. "Good God woman what happened? I've been calling you for an hour," she yelled or at least I think she did. "Jess, please, a little quieter," I pleaded, glaring at the damn bottles on my coffee table. "Ok missy, what the hell did you do?" she asked sternly but I could hear a slight chuckle in her voice as I lit up a cigarette. "Oh nothing, just made friends with Jackson Triggs, who I'm really not happy with right now," I mocked. "OMG, you met someone?" she yelped and I rolled my eyes. "No Jess, it's the name on the bottles of wine I drank last night," I huffed and then listened as she prattled on about her boyfriend Mike and what they did last night while I tried not to vomit. "So listen...umm…" she started. "I need a favour." Aww hell, what did she want now? "I have a doctor's appointment this afternoon and I've been waiting a while for it, but forgot to tell Margot about it. I know you don't work here anymore and she just needs to someone to watch the store. Margot said it was okay since you're still in the system and I just...this appointment is important." Jess was the assistant manager of a little cute clothing boutique that I worked at while attending college. She got her business degree and stayed while she did her masters. I didn't mind helping from time to time, but today was not a good day. "Jess, I don't know," I hedged while my stomach rolled and my head pounded. "Oh please Bella, this appointment is really important. You don't know how important," she whined and I rolled my eyes... again. "Is it the appointment I made you arrange when I found you on my bathroom floor throwing up everything your stomach contained after you smelt my homemade cookies? You know the ones that you've loved since we were kids? That appointment?" I asked, sarcasm dripping with each word. I put the phone on speaker and held my head my in hands, hoping that the jackhammer that pounded my brain would disappear. "Yeah that one. Please Bella, this appointment will affect my entire future," she begged. "You're lucky I love ya," I hissed and she squealed. She