"He hated all this, and somehow he couldn't get away." ― Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness Chapter One Some may be critical; others may boldly insult or blatantly distrust the man. Despite the less then friendly glances from the students, other than the Slytherins of course, Professor Severus Snape marched proudly through the Great Hall towards his seat. Breakfast was already underway, and to his displeasure he had arrived at the most crowded time. The Hall was filled with several hundred hormonal brats. His only consolation were his bets on Quidditch with Minerva. Though, considering the desolate mood that had taken hold of the school, there was very little chance that Minerva, or anyone else, would be interested in lighter matters such as house points and Quidditch games. A week had passed since the DA had revealed the Dark Lord's existance to the world. 'Just fantastic,' Severus glowered. His job was now harder than before. The Dark Lord was in a foul temper because of the failure at the Ministry. At the worst and best possible moment, Potter had finally managed to learn Occlumency and protect the prophecy from the Dark Lord. Though the Potions Master would faster give a thousand points to Gryffindor than admit it, Severus wished that the boy had not needed to learn the advanced magic at all. Before, the boy's eyes had shone with emotion, whatever it may be. Now, even a smile from the annoying brat would have been preferable to the stone mask the child had worn since Black's death. There was a month until summer holidays. The entire school seemed eager to stay out of Potter's way wherever he was around. It would have been comical watching the brave lions scamper off, too nervous to meet the boy's sullen gaze, if only his own Slytherins weren't busy doing the same. The Daily Prophet spoke non-stop about Potter these days, from his successes in defying the Dark Lord to his fight in the Department of Mysteries; his success at being an even match to Him. The fact that Harry-bloody-Potter had managed to get the Dark Lord to back down, to give Him pause, had given hope to the British Magical Community, and as more reports came in, to magical communities the world over. Politicians were writing public apologies for turning a blind eye on Potter's words before. What they planned to achieve was lost on Severus, as he had witnessed Hermione Granger handing the buddle of expensive formal letters to her friend, only to have him drop them, unopened, into his soup after he had finished. Severus gracefully took his seat. He saw Minerva's solemn look as she watched Mr. Weasley and Miss Granger having a heated discussion over the Silencio charm. Potter wasn't paying them the least bit of attention though. It seemed as though he was focused entirely on his meal. Snape would have mocked the brat another day, but not now, not today. Despite the power he had gained in the eyes of the public, Severus had never seen the teenager so vulnerable. Potter had lost his godfather a week ago, and that must have taken some toll on him, but he had dozens of people fussing around him day and night. It wasn't as if he was going to be left alone to deal with his grief. ''I have never pitied the boy so much as I do now, Severus.'' Dumbledore's sudden presences almost made Snape jump. Almost. ''Why should I care?'' Severus responded with a raised eyebrow. ''Do not fool yourself, my boy. I know you see the same thing as I.'' There was no twinkle in the headmaster's gaze as he spoke. ''Harry has always had a pure heart. It is his most powerful quality over Voldemort, more than any magic he can ever perform.'' ''I see no way in which Potter's hormones are going to scare the Dark Lord away.'' Severus replied skeptically. ''His emotions will only serve as weaknesses for the Dark Lord to exploit.'' ''Yes and no. Harry's greatest quality is his kindness, a quality which has allowed others to put their trust in him, Severus. Despite all of the reports against Death Eater activity and all of the articles questioning his sanity in the past months, a group of students allowed him to train them, and then followed him into battle. Voldemort may not be frightened of an emotional teenager, but he would be a fool to discredit an powerful wizard whom thousands, dare I say millions, of people place their hope in.'' ''Albus, it won't help Harry that people clap him on his back whilst hiding behind him.'' Minerva's angry brogue brought the two men out of their conversation. ''I do not say it would, Minerva. The ministry is finally being forced to take steps against the Dark Lord, and the official support of the Aurors will help greatly, but this does not change the view of Harry that the media is creating.'' The rest of the teachers listened to their argument and as it ended, so did the other conversations around the staff table. Severus slowly ate his food as he waited on the owls to deliver his Daily Prophet with the morning post. Less than five minutes later, his copy of the Daily Prophet arrived. The only bizarre occurrence was that several hundred owls flew in though the grand windows, each carrying a copy of the Prophet. The students were rather overwhelmed by the amount of birds flying around, and in their excitement, fought to snag a copy of the paper so as to discover what had made so many parents send them in the first place. Even Potter acknowledged the odd presence of so many owls. Severus felt uneasy as he unrolled the Prophet, expecting to find some violent attack caused by Death Eaters. His eyebrows rose when he saw the title of the article on the first page: Harry Potter: A Boy Under the Stairs by Rita Skeeter Severus glanced at the boy in question, noticing that he too had managed to get a copy of the Daily Prophet and was about to read it. He saw some students settling down to their reading, while other's noses were stuck to the page with wide eyes and gaping mouths. Harry Potter, the fifteen year old student of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and savior to the wizarding world. Best known as the Boy-who-Lived, he is also regarded as a brave and powerful wizard. He is the Chosen One. He is the youngest seeker in over a century, and it is to him that we owe You-Know-Who's hesitation in walking freely among us. But who is this boy with glasses and a lightening scar? 'He is the Boy-Who-Lived,' I've heard witchs and wizards say, but between You-Know-Who's disappearance on that fateful Halloween night, and the first of September 1991, where exactly has our Savior been? I was rather surprised to find that I was the first to ask such a question. Did no one else care to know where Mr. Potter was when he wasn't saving us all? Or did it not matter, so long as he continued to do so? Uncovering the truth has been a long and time consuming endeavor, but it has also been a fruitful one. In my journey to understand who Harry Potter is, I came to realize that I, nor any of you, have ever really known him. While writing this article, I found myself hesitating. For the first time in my career I was unsure as to how to put down the proper words in order to convey the extent of my shock. Please understand, dear readers, that what you are about to read is not a horror novel. Rather, it is the reality that our champion has kept hidden for years. I started my research by looking into Mr. Potter's official documentation, only to find that the information regarding his supposed relatives, with whom Harry lived and still lives during summer holidays (please remember this as you continue to read) was left blank. I quickly became frustrated with the lack of information, especially when most of it should have been a matter of public record. Everywhere I checked, from the ministry to Saint Mungo's, and even Hogwarts held less on Harry's home life than that of the elves that serve the school. After analyzing the Ancient and Noble House of Potter, I became sure that the closest relatives the boy possessed were his second-cousins, the Blacks. Today, this included only a few: Bellatrix Lestrange, Andromeda Tonks, Narcissia Malfoy and the recently deceased Sirius Black who was proven innocent of all crimes after Peter Pettigrew was confirmed alive (see article on page 5). Yet, it was immediately obvious that Harry Potter did not stay with any of these people. His godfather Sirius Black, and known Death Eater Bellatrix Lestrange had both spent years in Azkaban. Andromeda Tonks nee Black, though she had turned her back on her family, had lived an open enough life that it was easy to know that Harry Potter had never stayed in her care. Lady Narcissa Malfoy had no contact with her estranged relative, though considering the involvement of her husband with You-Know-Who (see page 7) this was most likely for the best. Once I realized James Potter's relatives were out of the question, I looked the other way, to Lily Potter nee Evans. Harry's mother was a muggleborn witch, and with the muggle records it was a simple matter to discover that she had an elder sister by the name of Petunia Dursley nee Evans. In the primary school closest to Mrs. Dursley's address, I found that Harry Potter had been register there with Mrs. Potter's sister acting as his guardian. It was only when I felt that I had completed my task that I realized how little I knew. What first aroused my suspicion was the attitude of one of the muggle teachers when I made mentioned of our young hero. ''Harry Potter? Oh, I remember him! How can one forget such a strange child? He was always a trouble maker. I heard he was placed in a re-educating facility.'' the woman informed me with distaste. Though I was aware that the secret of our magic must be kept, her response confused me. I implored her, ''Mrs Hengen, could you elaborate on what you mean by strange and trouble maker?'' ''He was just odd. Strange things would happen with him around. When he was upset the weather instantly changed with his mood. Sometimes objects around my classroom just switched places in a matter of seconds. I still don't know how that little devil did it. And once he- once he just appeared on the school roof. I cannot imagine how the boy could even think of doing something so irresponsible. What's more, he refused to say how he did it. An insolent brat he was, and I was not surprised in the least when his Uncle informed us that he had been locked up for being involved with a gang. I probably shouldn't say this, but his cousin always called him freak, and although I realize that it is hardly appropriate, I can see where he was coming from.'' I left this muggle to her musing, though what she described as Harry's accidental magic made me curious. How often was the boy in an emotional state strong enough to cause such magic to manifest? Or was it showing the extent of his powers? I had gathered enough material to write my article, but this description of Harry Potter simply didn't match what we know of him. I decided to hold onto my article. I began to search for more, but I never expected how quickly new information would start to come my way. I met another teacher at the same primary school who offered a different perspective of Mr. Potter. ''He was a quiet and