Dedication : In loving memory of someone whose story did not have a happy ending, but who has shown me what true friendship can mean. Title: Destiny Author : Silivren Tinu Beta : the wonderful Imbecamiel ((hugs)) Rating : T Summary : When a cruel stroke of fate threatens to destroy all Legolas has worked and hoped for in his life, Aragorn has to find a way to offer comfort and hope in a situation that may turn out to be more difficult than any they have faced before. Characters: Aragorn, Legolas, Nestadren, with a short appearance from Thranduil. Disclaimer : I own Nestadren, Bregir, the King's House, and the Queen's Garden (I have chosen the last two as my new residence – be warned that everyone who decides to trespass risks being attacked by fuzzy black squirrels and rabid plot bunnies :D). All other characters and places in this story belong to J.R.R. Tolkien. o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o - Destiny - Chapter One: Bad News o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o "A good friend remembers what we were and sees what we can be." Anonymous o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-oo-o-o-o When Aragorn reined in his horse in front of the stables, he immediately spotted the elf who was already waiting for him a short distance away, leaning against the trunk of a majestic beech tree. Seeing the silver-haired healer standing there instead of Legolas made Aragorn feel even more worried than he already was – in all the years since he had befriended the elven prince, it had never been a good sign when he was greeted by Nestadren instead of his friend. He firmly reminded himself that it was different this time. Legolas did not know he was coming, so there was a good chance he had not even heard of his arrival yet. There was no reason to believe his friend's condition had worsened since the last time he had received news, two days ago. In fact, it was much more likely there was no reason at all to be worried anymore. Keeping those thoughts firmly in mind, the ranger dismounted. A slight rustling sound was the only warning he got before an elf clad in the greens and browns of the forest dropped down from a low-hanging branch right above him, almost succeeding in making him flinch. The ranger's sturdy gelding snorted and tossed his head, clearly showing his displeasure at being startled like that. "Allow me to take the horse," the elf said with a slight bow, his polite words completely ruined by his cheeky grin. "You will be the death of me one day, Bregir," Aragorn scolded half-heartedly, scowling at the slender, auburn-haired figure in front of him. "You are getting almost as bad as Legolas." Trying to ignore the far-too-obvious amusement in the unrepentant green eyes, the ranger patted the neck of his still-agitated horse and then handed the reins over to the now openly grinning elf. "I apologize for startling your horse," Bregir said, "but you cannot blame a humble warrior for striving to follow in the shining footsteps of his prince and leader." This time, it was Aragorn who snorted, but he also had to suppress a smile. Bregir could be a real nuisance, but if he was still able to make jokes and be his usual disrespectful self, things could not really be too bad. "Go," the elf told him, nodding in Nestadren's direction. He was still smiling, but his eyes had turned serious. "I am quite capable of apologizing to your horse and taking care of it by myself." "Of that, I have my doubts," the ranger replied, "but fortunately my horse is quite able of defending himself if your care should not prove to be to his liking." As if to demonstrate the truthfulness of his words, the gelding chose that moment to begin tugging at the reins and pawing the ground impatiently with one hoof. "Your lack of confidence in my abilities wounds me deeply," Bregir claimed, putting one hand over his heart, "but I will still do my best to please both you and your noble steed." With those words, he began moving towards the stables, before the horse could start dragging him along. Aragorn looked after him for a moment, shaking his head. "Hannon le," he called and Bregir waved at him without looking back. The ranger then turned and looked at Nestadren, who had not moved during his short encounter with Bregir. The face of the healer was as inscrutable as usual, but it seemed to Aragorn that he looked tired. Apprehension rising in him again despite all of his valiant attempts to tell himself there was no real reason to be worried, the man covered the short distance between them with several long strides, coming to stand right in front of the elf. "How is he?" he asked. The elf's keen grey eyes met his own unwaveringly, but he did not reply for a long moment, instead studying Aragorn, who suddenly became uncomfortably aware of his travel-worn and dust-covered clothes, unkempt hair, and muddy boots. After a while Nestadren nodded, seemingly satisfied, and simply said, "It is good to see you." "That bad?" Aragorn wanted to know, his tone half-joking, half-worried. The elf rarely missed a chance to comment on the ranger's less-than-immaculate appearance. Straightening, Nestadren stepped away from the tree he had been leaning against and began walking slowly in the vague direction of the bridge leading across the Forest River to the Great Gates guarding the entrance to the caverns which were commonly known as Thranduil's Palace. Having no choice but to follow him, Aragorn fell into step beside the healer, accomodating his pace to the slower gait of the limping elf without conscious thought. "There has been no change," Nestadren finally answered the ranger's initial question, choosing his words carefully. "Healing is progressing far more slowly than I expected it to. I admit it is beginning to worry me, but… there is still a good chance it will heal." Aragorn was silent for a moment, not sure whether to be relieved or alarmed about the news. No change was better than deterioration, but he knew quite well what Nestadren's words might mean. For once, he almost wished he did not know as much about healing as he did. "I take it there is an equally good chance it will never heal completely?" he forced himself to ask, not sure if he wanted to hear the answer but knowing he needed to. Staring straight ahead, the healer did not say anything but simply nodded. Aragorn could not blame him for not wanting to say it out loud. Nestadren was perhaps the only elf in Middle-earth who knew, from his own experience, exactly what Legolas would have to go through if the worst came to pass. For a moment, the ranger did not know how to react or what to feel. This was something he had not expected to hear, though he should have known – had known – that there was a possibility it might happen, given the severity of the injury. He had to force himself to remember that they were talking about a possibility, not a fact. When he had recovered from his initial shock, there was only one thing he could think of to say. "Does Legolas know?" "No, though I believe he suspects. I will not tell him before I am completely sure." Aragorn could well imagine how painful the mere idea of having to tell Legolas that kind of news must be for the elf. He could understand Nestadren's motives, but he still would have decided differently in his place. Of course, he had never been able to keep secrets from his friend anyway. Legolas usually tended to be too perceptive for his own good. "How has he been coping?" Nestadren sighed, and his shoulders slumped slightly. Aragorn could see now that the elf really was tired and very likely more worried than he wanted to admit. Being a healer himself and knowing how much Legolas meant to the older elf, the ranger was not surprised. "You know him," Nestadren said. "He does not talk much and spends more and more of his time alone. He tries to appear confident for our sake, but I believe he is scared." "Does this mean you have already allowed him to leave the healing rooms?" Aragorn asked teasingly. Nestadren snorted. "I could not keep him there indefinitely, tempting though it might have been. I was surprised he did not try to escape much earlier." The two healers exchanged a glance, both well aware that a restless Legolas trying to sneak away from the healing rooms might be annoying, but far less reason to be worried than a listless, obedient one. "And the king? How has he been dealing with all this?" Aragorn asked. Knowing how much Thranduil loved his son, the last two weeks must have seemed like a waking nightmare to him. Nestadren shook his head slowly. "Badly," he replied. "Not that I could blame him. When I first laid eyes on Legolas after he had been carried back to the Palace, I feared… for a while I feared we were going to lose him. Now his life has been out of danger for a while, but the uncertainty still lingers. Despite my frequent attempts at reassuring them, I doubt that either father or son will find any peace until this wound has healed." He smiled wrily. "Unfortunately, no descendant of Oropher has ever been blessed with patience." He was silent for a while, then he added, "The king has hardly left his son's side since Legolas was brought back to the Palace. He would still be hovering, if I had not told him to leave Legolas alone for a while. He is just as scared as Legolas himself, if not more so." He sighed. "The only ones who have had reason to be happy about the situation are the merchants who were here last week. Judging from how pleased they looked, I do not believe they have ever found negotiating with the King of the Woodland Realm to be as easy as this time. I hope Thranduil has not sold them the forest – I very much doubt he would have noticed." Nestadren's words did not come as a surprise to the ranger, though he hoped the healer was exaggerating where the merchants were concerned. Though the last two weeks must have been extremely challenging for both Thranduil and Nestadren, it was a deep relief for Aragorn to know that they had been at Legolas' side the entire time. He eyed the elf who was limping at his side, not fooled for a moment by the healer's cool demeanor. "It has been a hard time for you, too," he stated, his eyes both knowing and understanding. "Yes, it has been," Nestadren confessed after a moment. The mere fact that he was admitting such a thing told Aragorn just how difficult those weeks truly must have been for the elf. For a while, they walked in silence. The elven healer seemed to be lost in thought, or at least not inclined to talk anymore, and Aragorn, whose thoughts and emotions were still in a tumult from what he had heard, tried to distract himself by taking a look at their surroundings. He had been too intent on their conversation to really pay attention to where they were going until now. Trees were all around them now and he could not hear the river anymore or glimpse any hint of sunlight reflecting on water, so he was quite sure they had moved away from the river and the caverns and deeper into the forest. Now that he was paying attention, he believed he could hear a soft rustling in the branches or spot movement out of the corner of his eye from time to time, and sometimes a dark shadow would block out the muted sunlight filtering through the green canopy