Title: Light of Day. Other pairings/threesome: RW/HG, *Snape/various Death Eaters*. Rating: NC-17. Word count: ~10,400. Warning(s): *EWE, past torture, past non-con*. Prompt from Snarry-a-thon 2017: #28 - Voldemort, in his final battle with Harry, used the Dark Mark to suck magic from his Death Eaters. Now, all his inner circle are reduced to near-Squib status. Summary: Years after the battle, on a dark and stormy night, a dead man shows up on Harry's doorstep. A/N: Thanks to the awesome mods for organizing the fest (again!) and granting deadline extensions with no duress. It was raining. Harry didn't mind the rain, as a rule, but stormy nights made 12 Grimmauld Place seem even darker and spookier than usual. The heavy raindrops sounded like fingernails tapping on the windows, the thunder and lightning became curses hurled around the neighborhood, and the wind moaned about the front stoop. Except the wind didn't usually sound like actual words . "Help," it moaned. Harry shook his head, trying to get the crazy notion out of his head. "Potter, you ingrate!" Harry hurried to the door. Vague sounds were one thing, but now he was being insulted? He threw the door open. "What the bloody hell's going on out – ! What's this now?" His bluster left him as he saw the pile of dark rags propped in the corner. He jumped when the rags shifted. "Potter, let me in, for Merlin's sake!" "Who's there!" Harry frantically ran through the list of people with access to his Fidelius -protected home. Certainly no one who fit the description of dark and angry, with a deep, resonant… "Snape?!" The rags unfolded, revealing a thin, dirty, scowling wizard. "Just let me in, Potter." Snape's eyebrows drew together, his scowl deepening. "Please." Harry stood, dumbfounded. How was this possible? Snape had died almost three years ago, he'd seen it himself! "What are you doing here?" Snape sighed. "I should have known you'd cleave to your schoolboy grudges." He moved to stand, groaning. "That's not what I – Hey, like you're one to talk about schoolboy grudges! You're like the king of – whoa there!" Harry lunged forward, catching Snape just before he collapsed back to the floor. "Let's get you in, then." Harry paced the sitting room, wondering if he was going mad. Snape, who had passed out somewhere between the porch and the foyer, was stretched out on the sofa looking quite haggard. Only, he really should have looked even worse. Harry had seen him die, had watched as the blood flowed out onto the floor of the Shrieking Shack and the dark eyes had dimmed. Granted, he hadn't gone back there afterwards, as there seemed to be no point. In fact, he'd hardly thought about Snape at all in the intervening years, beyond making sure the story of his heroism was published for all to see. So what was he doing here? Assuming, for the moment, that Harry was not mad after all, he'd clearly survived Nagini's attack somehow. Harry had no way of knowing what he'd been up to since then, but he was clearly in dire straits at the moment. And he was asking Harry for help. That almost seemed like the most bizarre thing of all. What could Snape have gotten into that he would come begging help from someone he hated so much? There was always some amount of crime and shady characters in the Wizarding World – Harry had witnessed as much in his two years of Auror training. But when he'd passed his exams, he hadn't even felt guilty about leaving the department because, well, just about all the dark wizards were gone, weren't they? After the battle, the remaining Death Eaters had posed no threat – Voldemort had drained them of their magic trying to make himself even more powerful in his final moments. A few had been easily rounded up in the immediate aftermath, but not much effort had been put into tracking down the rest. After all, what threat were they now? And where had Snape been all this time? For nearly three years, the Wizarding World had seen neither hide nor hair of him – Harry was sure he'd have heard about it. That sort of news would've been all over the papers. What was wrong with Snape, anyway? Harry spun toward him, only to find himself already under scrutiny. Snape peered at him from under his scraggly hair. "Well, what have you decided?" Harry started. "What?" "Are you going to call the Aurors?" "The… What? Why?" "Don't trifle with me, boy. I am," he hissed in pain as he shifted on the sofa, "not in the mood." "I'm not! You aren't, you know, wanted or anything." Snape looked skeptical, but didn't say anything. "Are you… okay?" Snape raised an eyebrow. "No." Harry threw his hands up in exasperation. "Yes, all right, I can see that. What's wrong? How can I help you? Why did you come here?" "It was the only safe place I could get to." "Fine, whatever. I was just about to eat. You look like you haven't had a decent meal since you disappeared, so why don't you come join me?" Slowly and carefully, groaning, Snape pushed himself up off the sofa. "If you insist." Harry wasn't sure what to do now. He'd fed the man – quite a lot, actually – and given him as much tea as he wanted. Now they sat at the kitchen table in silence punctuated by periodic peals of thunder, Snape with his hands wrapped around his cup, staring down at it, and Harry wondering what the hell he was supposed to do. Snape hadn't said much over dinner, certainly nothing that actually told Harry anything. And though at least he was conscious now, he still looked to be at death's door. "Do you want me to get you a healer?" Harry asked. "No." "Do you want a healing draught? I've got a few of the standard things." Snape's eyes narrowed. "Who brewed them?" Rolling his eyes, Harry answered, "Hermione made most of them. A couple are from Slug and Jiggers." With a tight nod, Snape rose and slowly made his way to the potions cabinet, which was right where it had always been when the Order had been headquartered there, just to the right of the range. He chose three potions – Harry hadn't the faintest clue which – and swallowed them. He closed his eyes and stood very still for a moment, but when he opened them again and turned toward Harry expectantly, Harry did think he looked a bit better. A little less peaky, anyway. "I, er, it's pretty late," Harry said finally. "Why don't you take the guest room on the second floor? There's a loo just to the – well, I'm sure you remember." Snape just nodded again and turned toward the stairs. Harry dropped his head into his hands and wondered what the bloody hell he'd just gotten himself into. When Harry saw Snape the next day, he looked a lot better. Or cleaner, anyway. The tattered robes he'd arrived in were gone, though Harry had no idea where he'd found the set he was wearing now. His hair was no longer a knotted, snarled mass, but back to its usual lankness. His clean face, however, showed Harry just how gaunt Snape had become. He had shadows under his eyes and cuts and bruises in various stages of healing on his hands, neck, and face. He flinched back when Harry raised a hand toward him. He'd meant to pull Snape's hair aside to get a better look, but detoured his hand to the cabinet next to Snape and got down a teacup instead. He gestured toward the teakettle. "There any of that left?" Snape nodded and sat himself at the table while Harry poured his cup. "Thanks," he said as he sat down across from Snape. "It seemed the least I could do, considering," Snape answered. Harry tried to keep his surprise to himself. Snape must be truly desperate if he was being polite to Harry Potter! "So what's your plan, then? Would you like to stay here for a few days?" Harry ventured. Snape's lips tightened for a moment before he answered. "If it would not be too much of an imposition. I have nowhere else to go, but I imagine they're looking for me. I'm sure you have things to do, so I shall endeavor not to cause you too much disturbance." Harry shrugged. "I'm sort of between things at the moment." Had been for a couple of months now, but he'd not mention that. "Who's after you? Where have you been?" Snape looked away. "The Death Eaters captured me after the battle." Harry's eyebrows went up. "The Death Eaters! But they lost their magic!" Snape nodded. "Most of it, yes. However, I was quite incapacitated at the time, as I'm sure you'll recall." Yes, Harry could see that. But what had they wanted with Snape? "Wait a minute, you must have lost your magic as well!" Snape shook his head. "Only a small fraction. Hence their interest in me. Once it became apparent that, essentially, I still had my magic while all others with the Mark did not, they made it their mission to discover why in the hopes it would allow them to get their own magic back." He shuddered, looking away again. "And they… they had you this whole time? How did you escape?" Snape sighed. "I'm tired, Potter. I'm going to go lie down." Harry didn't see Snape for the rest of the day. When it became apparent he would not be coming down for dinner (Harry had knocked on his door, but there was no answer), he floo-called Ron and Hermione and begged them to come over. When he had finished his story, Ron still looked unconvinced. "So you're telling me Severus Snape is asleep in this house, right now." "Well, I don't know if he's asleep or not, but he's definitely up there." "How horrible!" Hermione said. "Can you imagine what they must have done to him?" Ron shrugged. "What could they do with no magic?" Hermione swatted his thigh. "Plenty! Muggles are cruel to each other all the time without the benefit of magic. And you heard what Harry said – they may still have some after all." Harry nodded. "He's obviously been through a lot. But what am I supposed to do with him?" "Can't he just go back to his own place?" Ron asked. "Honestly, Ron. He was declared deceased; the property won't be in his name anymore. It's probably been sold at a Muggle auction." "He did say he had nowhere else to go," Harry added. "Well, there's got to be some better place for him to stay than here with you. You've already put up with him for a whole day!" Harry shook his head, thinking of the haunted look in Snape's eyes. "He's not been that bad, Ron." He couldn't help remembering Snape's reflexive flinch that morning. Whatever had been done to him, it seemed it'd had a profound affect. "If he feels safe here, he can stay as long as he likes. He did make me tea this morning." Ron's eyebrows shot up. "Oh, Hermione, I almost forgot. I might need a few replacement potions – Snape took some of them this morning." "Did he?" Hermione went to the potions cabinet to investigate. "Hmm, a nutrition draught, Blood Replenisher, and a pain draught. Perhaps I should ask him if he'd like anything specific?" "There's a lab here," Harry reminded her. "I'm sure if he wants anything else, he'd rather brew it himself." "Well, I'll just check that it's stocked before I leave, then." Harry nodded, not bothering to pretend he'd looked into the room since moving in. "Yeah, that'd be good. But what else do I do?" Hermione considered. "You might check with the Headmistress to see