Beginning notes: This is an Edward is the human/Bella is the vampire version of Twilight with a twist - the twist being that I tried to change as little as possible from the original story. A lot of writers make major changes to the story when they write these - different characters, different vampire powers, different timelines, different plot points (and the unforgivable - Charlie is gone! NO!), and when I went looking for a story where everything was as close to the original as possible, I couldn't find the right one. So I decided to write my own. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight , which goes without saying, really. Twilight and all characters, settings, etc. portrayed therein belong to Stephenie Meyer. She owns the sandbox. She's just nice enough to let us play in it sometimes. (Thank you, Stephenie!) Likewise, I do not own Alice's Adventures in Wonderland or Through the Looking-Glass, and What Alice Found There . They belong to . . . well, I don't really know who they belong to because Charles Dodgson (Lewis Carroll) has been dead for over a hundred years. Someone does own them, I guess, but I'm not them, whoever they are. Twilight Through the Looking Glass "But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die." Genesis 2:17 "Now, if you'll only attend, Kitty, and not talk so much, I'll tell you all my ideas about Looking-glass House. First, there's the room that you can see through the glass - that's just the same as our drawing room, only the things go the other way . . ." Through the Looking-Glass, and What Alice Found There , Lewis Carroll PREFACE When you're seventeen years old, you don't think much about dying. Death is something that happens to other people - to older people, to people who have diseases like cancer, or to people you barely know, like the father of the girl who sits next to you in Biology class - but never to you. Still, whether I'd thought about it or not, mine was here. Mine was now. I wondered if this, my final act, would be enough, if it would finally make me worthy in his eyes. I was giving my life in exchange for his. If this, the ultimate sacrifice, wasn't enough, then there was nothing more that I could give. Across the room, a triumphant smile spread across my killer's face. I fought back a shudder. Why hadn't I realized that I was out of my element here in this strange new world that I had somehow been drawn into? This world away from reality was one that I was never intended for, and I was so far out of my league that I'd never really stood a chance. Every wonderful moment of the past few weeks, I'd been inching ever closer to this place, to this final end, but even now, as I stared into the smiling face of my own impending death, I wouldn't have traded a single one of those moments for anything. 1. NEW GIRL (FIRST SIGHT) That morning began much like any other morning, with the blaring of the radio in my ear. I spent about five seconds fantasizing about hitting the snooze bar and extending the weekend by another nine measly minutes, but I knew better. Instead, I leaned over to turn the volume down to a much lower level and lay there staring at the ceiling as the weatherman detailed the forecast for the day - cloudy with rain. Not exactly a surprise in this town. If the little town of Forks, Washington is known for anything, it's known for the rain. Supposedly it rains here more than in any other place in the continental United States. I guess every town has to have something to brag about. Rising from bed, I rubbed the sleep from my eyes and stumbled toward the shower on a stiff ankle. My mother was working the night shift this week, so I tried to be as quiet as possible. I showered as quickly - and as quietly - as I could in the little bathroom that we shared, then dressed and headed downstairs for breakfast. I sat in one of the three chairs that surrounded our tiny kitchen table and stared out at the falling rain as I ate, then washed my few dishes in the sink - no sense leaving them for my mother - and stacked them in the dish rack to dry. Back in my bedroom, I ran a comb through my impossible hair, grabbed my jacket and backpack, and headed out the door into the rain, the stiffness in my left ankle forgotten. The drive to Forks High School was uneventful, and by the time I parked my car, the drizzle had lightened into a fine mist. In this town, a light mist qualifies as nice weather, so there were several groups of students gathered in the parking lot, catching up on the events of the weekend before class started. I leaned back into the Volvo's interior to pull my backpack out of the front seat and turned to close the door behind me. That was when I saw it. In the last row of parking spaces on the far side of the lot was a truck I'd never seen before. It was old, far older than I was, and older than my mother, too. In fact, the last time I'd seen a vehicle this ancient had been in an old coming-of-age movie set back in the 1960s. This old truck, however, was far from being on its last legs. The paint was a bright, shiny red, and the way the rain beaded up on its glossy surface suggested that it had recently been waxed, and not with the cheap stuff, either. The chrome was so shiny that I probably could have seen my reflection in it, had I been standing closer. I wondered which student had been forced to drive their parents' toy to school today. "Hey, Masen," Mike Newton greeted me as he left the group of students gathered around Tyler Crowley's van and headed in my direction. Today, as every day for the last several weeks, his clothes were neatly pressed, and his blond hair was gelled and spiked to perfection. I had seen him watching Jessica Stanley a little more closely over the last few weeks. He hadn't seemed to work up the courage to make any move in her direction yet, but he was still trying to impress her. "Hey, Newton." "How was the weekend?" he asked. I shrugged. I had nothing interesting to report. I gestured toward the other side of the lot. "Whose truck?" He turned to look, apparently noticing it for the first time. "No clue," he said, shaking his head. "I haven't seen it around town." "It looks like somebody spent a lot of money on it," I told him as we turned toward the building that housed our lockers. "I'd hate to be the guy to put a scuff on that paint job." "I was just thinking the exact same thing," Mike answered. . . . . . If I had a dollar for every time I heard someone say "I was just thinking that myself" or "You took the words right out of my mouth," I'd have Harvard paid for. Sometimes, in my more imaginative moments, I'd swear I could read people's minds. When I was a little kid, I even tested the theory on my mother, telling her to think of a number and then trying to guess which number it was. I never got it right. My mother had a theory, though. She insisted that the reason I was usually thinking the same things as other people was that I listened with more than my ears, that I paid more attention to people's moods and body language than other people did. That's how I knew that Mike had a thing for Jessica, even though he'd never said a word to me about her. Then again, Mike always was pretty easy to read. Mike and I weren't the closest of friends. Truth be told, I really didn't have any close friends. I was the sort of person who is somewhat friendly with everyone, yet not close to anyone. At the beginning of my sophomore year, when Mike had first started actively trying to be my friend, I knew that he was only making the effort because of his guilt over "the incident," but somehow, a year and a half later, Mike was still hanging around, and I didn't think guilt had anything to do with it. Well, not outside of the gymnasium, that is. Our friendship had become more of a habit than an actual friendship, just as it had become my habit to sit with Mike and his friends during lunch. When I arrived at the lunch table that day, I found that most of the regulars were already seated. Jessica Stanley, the object of Mike's interest, was already there with her friend Lauren Mallory. Lauren's pale blond head was bent close to Jessica's dark curls, and I couldn't help but wonder what sort of sadistic gossip Lauren was spreading, or who the innocent victim was. Everyone knew that Lauren had a vicious streak a mile wide. I tried to stay clear of her myself. Jessica seemed nice most of the time, but sometimes I got the feeling that she could be just as brutal as Lauren when she wanted to be. On the other side of Lauren sat Angela Weber, as different from Lauren as night and day. Angela was a shy, sweet girl. She always seemed determined to see the best in everyone, but I could never figure out just what she saw in Lauren Mallory that was worth her time. I took the empty seat next to Jessica and was trying to ignore her when I overheard her whispering, "that reddish-brown hair is always so . . . tousled, and those dreamy green eyes . . ." They were whispering about me. I had hoped that Jessica had gotten over her crush. Apparently not. "I thought for sure we were going to have a pop quiz in English," Mike muttered as he sat his lunch tray down on the table across from me. "I just don't get Wuthering Heights. I mean, who cares? Everybody in it's crazy." I didn't answer. I'd been raised around the classics - my mother was a die hard fan of anything by Austen or the Brontë sisters - so Wuthering Heights made perfect sense to me. Of course, in my opinion, "crazy" wasn't the best way to describe Cathy and Heathcliff. "Horrible people intent on ruining each other's lives" would have been a more accurate description. "So," Jessica interrupted, always willing to draw attention to herself, "has anyone heard anything about the new girl?" "New girl?" I asked, suddenly remembering that today was the day the daughter of the town's new police chief was supposed to be joining our student body. In a school as small as this one, a new student was a major news event. "Yeah, you know, Isabella Swan." Jessica nudged me playfully with her elbow, but I had a feeling that she was annoyed that I hadn't kept up with current gossip. "Actually, I think she prefers 'Bella.' That's what she's been telling teachers,'" Angela Weber added helpfully from her corner of the table. "And that's all anyone can find out about her." Jessica frowned. "She doesn't act very friendly, and she's already all buddy-buddy with the Cullens. " Her voice lowered slightly on the last two words. Everyone's did when they spoke of that particular family. The Cullens. My eyes automatically flitted to the three people seated at a table on the other side