A/N: hey Ok so like this is a sequel for Fate's little Cruelties . Just a quick heads up; Yeah I know Arwen isn't Legolas' sister but let's just pretend like she is for the sake of the story. And Frodo is a little dark in this one in other words OOC Frodo. Don't get me wrong, I like Frodo but the story is more interesting this way. Apologies spelling grammar and OOCness. Disclaimer: I do not own any part of the Lord of the Rings franchise in any way whatsoever. A dark blush had spread right across the slave's face as he kept his head bowed down low over his food, praying with all his might that he wouldn't attract any attention as he tried to ignore the hand tracing sensual circles on his lap and focus on the wonderful banquet that's been set before them. It really was so lovely. Chicken with stuffing, roast beef with gravy. Piles of fresh fruits and vegetables. Potatoes, corn, tomatoes and peas. Goblets filled with blood red wine, fruit nectar and water so sweet Sam swears that it tastes just as good as the water in the springs back at the Shire. And so much more, such a wonderful feast. Sam really should be paying more attention to the food. It's not everyday that a slave gets to sit at the table along with all the other guests. He should be treating this occasion with all the honour it deserves. Unfortunately he couldn't. Legolas sat on his right, seeming to be completely absorbed in the conversation the king of Gondor had going with lord Frodo and prince Aragorn while he slowly teased Sam underneath the table. The knight glanced down at the younger man and suppressed a smirk at the state of deep distress that he seemed to be suffering under but didn't remove his hand either. Sam's hands clenched around the sides of his chair and he held back a moan as the knight's hand slipped further up on his inner thigh. The slave's mouth fell open in a silent gasp and his blush grew one shade darker, when he felt the man beside him move closer and he glanced up just in time to meet the blonde's green brown eyes for just a second. "You seem tense, Samwise. Is something the matter?" The words were whispered. Low enough not to be heard by anyone else at the table but still loud enough for Sam to hear that teasing tone that laced Legolas' voice. The slave glared up at the knight when the hand on his thigh gave a brief squeeze and he had to look away and bite his bottom lip to stop the noises that threatened to escape his mouth. "I hope all is well." Sam opened his mouth to let out a soft gasp, making the knight glance down at him with amusement as the sound reached his ears and his hand tightened a little more. "Please... S-Sir-" Sam whispered softly and he could feel Legolas' breath's fanning out softly against his neck and he shivered as the knight spoke. "Please what, Sam?" 'Please what' indeed. Sam wasn't sure what he wanted Legolas to do. All he knew was that he needed the torture to end, by any means necessary. The slave's breathing was getting heavier, now it was just barely audible as he shifted in his seat. Trying to move away from the knight's grasp when the hand on his thigh tightened even more and he moaned. "Shhh." Legolas whispered in his ear and Sam pulled his bottom lip in between his teeth to try and keep the sounds shut inside. The knight's head gave a slight tilt as he spoke again. "Perhaps it would be best if you retired early, Samwise. To cure whatever it is that seems to be ailing you." Sam would have glared again if it weren't for the voice that broke them from their quiet exchange. "Sam, is something wrong?" It was Frodo. Sam's head snapped up to find the young duke staring at him with a mixture of concern and something else in those large blue orbs and instantly felt himself flush with embarrassment. "N-no sir, there's nothing wrong." Sam said putting his hand over the one Legolas still had on his lap in a silent message for the man beside him to stop. "Are you sure, Samwise? You seem distressed." Legolas said easily as his hand stayed right where it was and Sam resisted the urge to glare at the man beside him. It would be a sign of disrespect that he would normally never allow himself to show, especially in front of Lord Frodo, prince Aragorn and the king of Gondor. All of whom were now staring at him. The king didn't seem all that distressed by his behaviour although there was some odd look in the prince's eyes, Sam just didn't know what it was. "Very certain sir Legolas, sir." Sam said without looking up or making full eye contact very long with any of the men sitting at the table at that very moment. He almost thought he was home free when a sharp gasp ripped itself from his throat as Legolas stroked him underneath the table making the eyes on him fill with surprise and slight confusion. "You haven't eaten anything." The king commented lightly as he glanced down at Sam's plate and arched an eyebrow at him before lifting his goblet to take a sip of wine as he spoke, "If you are feeling ill then perhaps it would be better if you retired early, child." Sam's eyes widened a bit, "B-but sir, your majesty, I wouldn't want to offend-" "No offence will be taken." The king said dismissively with a wave of his hand. "I doubt you have anything of value to add to the current debate, you are here as an honoured guest, however I do not see any reason for you to continue with the meal at the risk to your own health. You are excused." Sam ignored the slight sting from the comment for a moment in exchange for relief at the fact that he would get to leave the torture being forced on him. "Thank you sir." The slave made to get up and leave when Legolas' hand disappeared and he heard the chair beside his own move as well. "With your permission, milord I wish to be excused as well." Frodo tensed and something flashed in Aragorn's eyes, "Are you also not feeling well brother?" "Simple fatigue from the day's ride, nothing a good night's rest won't fix." The knight said with a slight smile and the king nodded. "Very well, I hope to see you tomorrow morning in the courtyard, sir Greenleaf." "Of course my king." Legolas said letting his head dip in a bow as he stood up from his seat, before looking down at the slave beside him. "Shall I escort you to your room, Samwise?" Sam's eyes widened again before darting around the table to see the king's eyes light up in slight interest at the request, while the duke and the prince remained tense. "I would not want to impose on you sir-" "No imposition." Legolas said with a slight smile curving his lips, "It would be a pleasure." Sam glanced back at Frodo, not sure what to do when the duke gave a small albeit forced smile. "We will speak in the morning Samwise." "Yes sir." Legolas turned and left the room while Sam followed, keeping his eyes on his feet and his hands at his sides as he walked a respectable distance behind. Aragorn forced back a frown and Frodo's eyes dropped down to his plate while the king just let out a snort of amusement.. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Sam's eyes were still fixed on the ground as he followed the knight. Listening to their footsteps in the near silent halls as they walked through, when he was suddenly grabbed and dragged into an alcove nearby. His hands were forced above his head just as his back hit the wall and his mouth was consumed by another in a passionate kiss. Sam groaned into the other mouth feeling his legs buckle for a moment as his body weakened when the mouth covering his own pulled away and the silent hall started to fill with his heavy breaths. Legolas buried his head in the side of the slaves neck and started nipping and sucking on the sensitive flesh there, Sam's hips bucked forward grinding into the leg between his own and he had to bite back the moan that almost left his throat. The knight pulled back and moved up to his ear, sweet breaths fanning out against his cheek as he spoke. "I can hardly believe that it has been more than a year." Sam gasped when a hand slipped up into his shirt and began to tease his chest, he had to fight back against the urge to grind even more. "Your body still feels so familiar, it's like we haven't been apart." Yeah, a year. Sam could hardly believe it either. Frodo rarely took him along with him on his trips to Gondor and prince Aragorn rarely ever spent more than a night in the Shire and even, then he never brought Legolas with him either. The knight would always get some other errand to attend to and Frodo would just insist that Sam's presence wasn't necessary. Even this was a miracle all it's own. Frodo announced that he had a meeting to attend with the king of Gondor and needed an escort to come with him. He already had at least four guards and two other servants to go with him, but for some reason he asked for Sam to join him this time as well. Sam let out a soft moan as the knight pressed into him, dragging his nose through his hair as he let his other hand drift down to the slaves pants. "I've missed you, Sam." "I-" Sam's response was cut off by long sword scarred fingers wrapping around his member and replaced with a muffled gasp when the knight sealed their lips in another deep kiss. The slave wrapped his arms around the knight's neck moaning deeply as he was stroked and touched. He's missed Legolas as well, more than he's ever thought possible, even with his master's increased attention on him over the passed year. It seemed lord Frodo was paying more attention to Sam. There were long conversations that lasted till the late hours of the morning and running his hands through his sandy brown hair. Looking at Sam with that warm look of affection and holding his hand in the same way that he used to before the men of Gondor first went to the Shire. Sam should have been pleased at the fact that his master was paying so much attention to him and that the prince's visits were becoming less and less frequent with every month that passed. But he wasn't. If anything he was incredibly frustrated. Whenever lord Frodo touched him Sam would think back to all the ways that Legolas touched him, he'd compare all the differences between them and he'd wish that the knight was the one touching him instead. He'd look into his master's eyes, seeing that warm affection but wish that those large blue eyes were a smaller brown and green glowing with the wisdom and knowledge that he'd come to adore. It was quite the problem. "Le-Legolas..." Sam gasped as his mouth was released and he was pushed up against the wall with his legs going around the knights waist. He tangled his hands in the man's golden hair, sighing deeply at the familiar feeling of the knights lips against his throat. Teasing in bites and kisses along his skin. Sunshine and summer rain. The knight let out a deep groan as he took a