Hey all, this is a new story and pairing from me! It was so out of my comfort zone that I couldn't sit with it! It took me months to write and my amazing Beta and friend Sandra-Sempra stuck through me through it all and kept me going! At the beginning I was excited about it and then I became hateful of it because Luna is one weird character to write but now I'm glad I stuck it out and finished it! Thank you so much to Sandra for sticking with me this whole time! you are truly amazing! This was written for the Live Journal Rare Pairs Fest2017 A/N: Harry Potter characters are the property of J.K. Rowling and Bloomsbury/Scholastic. No profit is being made, and no copyright infringement is intended. I hope you enjoy it! Amor per tempus Remus had arrived at the Ministry, when he remembered what his alterum had told him on the manner in which she had come to him. They had followed their friend, to the Department of Mysteries, to search for their friends godfather, who had been taken. When they got there, they found it was a false memory and that Voldemort required the friend to grab a prophecy of sorts. There were Death Eaters everywhere, and before they knew it, a battle ensued. Luna, who was fighting in the time room, was knocked back by a jinx. She hit the surface of an old oaken cabinet, knocking and shattering different variations of hourglasses and time turners. She stumbled on the shattered glass at her feet, and her nose went dry, falling victim to the metallic sand that inhaled her senses. As quickly as the magical contents brushed her skin, she was flung back through time. The last thing she recalled before time took hold of her, were blue and gold sand particles crashing down upon her. He ran to that room as he arrived, the Death Eaters emerging from the opposite door. They spotted Luna the same time he did, and he desperately tried to stop them. She did not deserve the pain she would come to suffer so he could have love. He was one second too late, he witnessed her fly back, his feet like stone to the floor, and saw her slam hard into a cabinet. She was covered in the blue and gold sand as he finally moved to her, but she was gone.. It had happened again, how could he let this happen!? It was all his fault. He should have remembered earlier and stopped it, he had promised her that he wouldn't let her come back no matter what. That was her final wish. He had let her down. Albus Dumbledore walked in and took in the scene around him. He quickly approached Remus, comfortingly placing his hand on his shoulder, and stated there was nothing he could have done. It was predestined to happen, and no matter how quickly he had arrived at the ministry, it was inevitable. He told him not to beat himself up about it. He knew that he had to help the others now, he was finding it hard to breathe, he had tried and failed and now he would have to face the onslaught of memories coming from his younger self. It wasn't right that he was held up because he had been getting healed from the full moon the previous night. He quickly got himself back into fight mode and followed the sounds of battle, he had a bad feeling that something more was coming and he couldn't take any more pain. As he ran into the massive room they were all fighting in, he saw Harry, Sirius and Lucius fighting with Bellatrix Lestrange standing off to the side laughing gleefully. He watched as Sirius moved in front of the Veil. His stomach wrenching, whatever the Veil did was bad. He saw as Bellatrix raised her wand screaming "Stupefy" and that's when his world slowed to a stop. He watched helplessly as it hit Sirius in the chest and went running to his friend's aid. He was too late, again, grabbing Harry to stop him from trying to help Sirius. He had a feeling that if he had let go of him, Harry would have followed Sirius into the afterlife. Remus was so angry with himself. If he had of reacted quicker he could have stopped Bellatrix and save his best friend. That was twice now within a few minutes of each other that he had failed. What was wrong with him if he couldn't save the two people he loved most from leaving him!? Why did he continuously lose everyone he held so dear!? He didn't know how, but he was still holding onto Harry, as he had that thought Harry pulled from his hold and followed Bellatrix, who was cackling and singing the same thing over and over, "I killed Sirius Black" followed by a mad screech type laugh. Remus wasn't going to let Harry die as well; that would be the last straw for him. Having to cope with losing his best friend's son as well would tip him over the edge. He muddled through his grief for his best friend and ran after him, now was not the time for it, he would have the rest of his life to grieve for those he had lost. He knew this wasn't the end of the loss, but he would get through it. June 18, 1974 Luna didn't know what had happened. One minute she had been battling in the Department of Mysteries, then the next a blinding flash of blue light engulfed her, causing her to land in a very different Department of Mysteries. There were no time turners in this room, and no evidence of a battle. There was what looked like muggle chemistry sets everywhere and no people around. Where was she? How far in time had she gone? Was it the future or the past? She stood up, dusting the remaining lingering dust from her clothes and waited with a hand to her temple, counteracting the dizziness and pain she felt. She looked around and found nothing to tell her what the date and year was, and tried to remember the spell that Hermione had taught her, something to do with the time. Think Luna what was the spell! She furrowed her brows in contemplation. Aha! "Et Tempus" she moved her wand in a semi circle and the date appeared; June 18, 1974 was written across the room in gold lettering. That meant she had been sent twenty-two years into the past,a massive time jump, and she had to figure out what kind of state the Wizarding world was in. Had the first war against Voldemort started in this time or did she come back to before that? Who did she know that was in this time? Dumbledore. That was the only person she could think of that would be of some help. If the date was correct, he would be still at Hogwarts and would be the Headmaster. So she had to figure out how to get to Hogwarts. Being in her fourth year, she had never been taught how to apparate in her time. Maybe she could create a portkey. She had read about the Incantation to create one and it wasn't that hard in theory. She quickly found a small inanimate object that wouldn't be missed, pointed her wand at it and said, "Portus," whilst picturing the start of Hogsmeade, while she would love to be closer to Hogwarts and not be seen by too many people she didn't know how far the wards around the school extended. She immediately felt a pull behind her navel and was pulled once again through a portal, praying she didn't end up somewhere else completely. She felt the pressure release and fell to her knees. Looking around she sighed in relief. he had done it, she had gotten the spell right and was in Hogsmeade in one piece. As she went to stand, she felt two arms grab her around the waist and pick her up. A strong grip turned her around, and she was left facing a handsome boy with mousy brown hair and the most gorgeous amber eyes. Scars marked his face, and his eyes looked as if they had seen pain. She couldn't help but think that he seemed familiar. Dressed in the colors of a Gryffindor uniform, he looked behind him and said, "she seems to be okay, guys." His voice sounding like melted chocolate running through one of those fountain things the muggles seemed to like. She then realised there were three other boys with him, all decked out in Gryffindor attire. They were all looking at her with a strange expression across their faces. Her thoughts led her to asking herself why she was standing there. Blinking, she turned from them to flit up to the castle. The boys all followed suit, wondering why she seemed so airy, and why she was dressed in such weird fashion. They trailed her all the way from the village to the headmasters office. It was strange: they hadn't seen her around before today and she looked to be their age, but she knew the way like she had been there thousands of times. "Excuse me, Miss, I was wondering what your name was?" The boy with the mousy hair asked. "I'm Remus and these are my friends James," he pointed to the boy with messy black hair and Hazel eyes, "Sirius," pointing to a boy who looked very much the pureblood wizard she knew him to be: he had long, shoulder length black hair that a many girls would be jealous of. "Peter." He was a short, pudgy kind of boy with beady, glass-like eyes that resembled a rats. Luna realised why it was the boy seemed so familiar. He was her professor in the future, and they had bonded with each other! He had offered to teach her some of the higher levels of Defense Against the Dark Arts as she was excelling, and she had often wondered why he was so nice to her when everyone else seemed to shy away. Maybe this was her answer, he knew her already. Perhaps history was repeating itself, and maybe she could makes some changes while here. Give Harry his parents back. She could stop Bellatrix from torturing Neville's parents to insanity and he would grow up with some kind of normalcy and support. That would alter so many things! If she warned them, they could figure out how He Who Must Not Be Named was so powerful and they could stop him before he killed anyone. Lost in her revelations, she had ignored the boy's too long. She had to say something. They couldn't know the truth, but if there was a possibility she couldn't go home, she would need allies and friends. She was aware of the difficulties when it came to time travel, and her being here was a major complication that may not be able to be fixed, but, she would hold onto hope until the very end. "It's nice to meet you. I must be going though, would one of you be able to help me with the password? I need to see the Headmaster right away. It's kind of urgent," she stated, perfectly content in her way of thinking whilst the boys looked as if they were suffering from whiplash! Remus was the first to recover and walked to the griffin after shaking off the confusion and said, "chocolate frogs." The massive guard jumped aside and let her pass. She waved and skipped over to the stairs, looking back and smiling as she followed the path upwards to the large, brown oak door. She raised her hand to knock, however, she heard an "enter" before her hand ever touched the door. Entering the office, it