Story Title: A Prank of Saint Valentine Rating: T Genre: Romance, Comedy , drama, Fanfiction Penname + Facebook name: SlytherinPrincessNurse1994/Kristie-Lee Perrott Pairing: Remus Lupin/Hermione Granger Summary: AU where Hermione was born in the marauders era something happened to her family when she was younger. Hermione is an orphan when she gets a visit from a mysterious woman. She's a witch. When she attends hogwarts, James, Sirius and Remus adopt her. She becomes an animagus along with the three boys. Remus and Hermione have been skirting around their feelings since they were 13 so James and Sirius take action and plan their usual Marauders Valentine's Day prank but then they plan a side prank to get Remus and Hermione to stop skirting around their feelings . Word Count: 6163k Disclaimer: All canon characters, plots, and situations from the Harry Potter universe belong to JK Rowling. I am not profiting from this writing. Beta love to Sandra-Sempra who dealt with my random writing style for weeks! Thanks lovie x This was my entry to the Platform 9 ¾ Sweethearts Fanfiction OS Contest i came out of the contest with best comedy A Prank of Saint Valentine ooooOoooo Hermione was in the library, sitting in her spot with her best friend Remus, avoiding all eye contact. They were working hard together on a Transfiguration essay when their friends, Sirius and James, came in. Hermione was happy to see her two friends so her and Remus were no longer alone. That feeling of absolute happiness vanished, when she saw the rat of a boy trailing behind them. She didn't understand why her boys and Remus were friends with Peter. He was an outright bully and a Slytherin to boot. Well they didn't have a clue about the bullying part of their friend, as Hermione never told them of the times he had pushed her around or the cruel things he said about her family; the scars that left her marred on that fateful night her parents and sweet brother were killed. ooooOoooo Remus poked her in the side and said, "you okay!?" She nodded her head and turned slightly away from him so he couldn't see her face. Remus scowled at the back of Hermione's head and signalled the others, who were in the midst of arguing about how they were going to make this year's Valentine's Day prank bigger and better, to leave the two of them alone for a bit so he could see what was wrong. At first the boys paused, ready to protest, but Remus flicked his eyes to a tense Hermione, and they quickly made excuses to be elsewhere. Once the boys had left, Remus tried to get Hermione to turn to face him so he could look into her eyes and make sure she was telling him the truth. However she wouldn't turn, so he got up from his chair and moved until he was directly in front of her, and crouched down so he was looking up at her. As he looked into her eyes, a tear slid down her face, and he immediately pulled her into his arms in an attempt to comfort her. When she had settled down, he pulled back slightly and queried what was wrong. "Nothing," she stated but her eyes, filled to the brim with tears, stated that she was lying. He packed their belongings into bags and placed them on his shoulder. He pulled her out of her chair and dragged her to the room of requirement. She tried to protest, but Remus wouldn't listen as he lead the way up. Once they arrived, he let go of her hand and began pacing back and forth in front of the wall opposite the tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy teaching ballet to the trolls, asking for a room that would be of comfort to his best friend. When the door appeared and they entered the room, Remus was shocked to see an exact replica of his room from home. He looked back at Hermione, who was looking down at the ground, and hadn't yet seen the room's transformation. The room was medium sized, with bookshelves covering two of the walls, a queen sized bed with a maroon and black quilt and a massive amount of pillows. On the wall behind the bed, there was a painting of a werewolf, a chocolate brown wolf, a stag, a black as night shaggy dog, and a rat. When Hermione still didn't react, Remus pulled her to the bed, as he would if they were in his own home, and forced her to sit down. Once she was settled, he made his way to the opposite end and sat down, making himself comfortable. He rested his arms behind his head and waited, for he knew from all the years of their friendship that if he waited silently enough, she would talk. And he was prepared to talk, even if that meant returning every day until she had. He was always the one she confided in and he wouldn't have it any other way. As they sat there in a deafening, but comfortable silence, Remus took the time to inspect his friend. He thought of how much she had matured since first year. Her body was stunning from what he could see in the shape of the fitted clothing she wore this year. Sirius' doing, he gathered, as he was the one who went with her to Madam Malkin's. Sirius had said she had tried to buy the clothes that almost swallowed her whole, but he had put his paw down and made her compromise. Remus certainly appreciated being able to see her form now. Remus also loved the determined, sweet, bookworm that she had changed into. When he had first met Hermione on the train first year, she was quiet and reserved; a saddened girl who struggled to look anyone in the eye when interacting with them. He wished things were different and he could tell her exactly how he felt about her, but it was better for her reputation and safety if nothing happened and they remained friends, as they had been for five years. He suspected she didn't have the same feelings as he did, that she saw him as a brother like James. She would love someone more like Sirius: handsome, confident, smart, powerful and generally a great man. Try as he might, Remus couldn't get past his feelings for his best friend. His stomach grumbled softly, and he glanced up at the clock, realizing then that they had sat in their silence for hours, and it was almost time for dinner. He looked over at Hermione, who had finally laid down and fallen asleep. Remus put his hand on her shoulder and jolted her slightly to wake her but she didn't stirl. He leant over her, slightly touching her body with his and called her name a few times. After around ten attempts of her name, she started to respond to his voice. Remus quickly dove back to 'his side' of the bed and acted like he hadn't been almost straddling her. ooooOoooo Hermione took her time waking up and when she had fully woken up she could swear to Merlin that her right side was slightly warmer than it should have been. She was a bit confused at how she ended up in Remus' bedroom from home. She hasn't left the castle, after all. Then she remembered how Remus had made her go to some room… the room of requirement if she remembered correctly…. She turned her head to the other side of the bed to where Remus was and smiled, thankful for his presence. She always seemed to sleep better when he was close. She couldn't explain why, but it was like a sense of calmness and safety would wash over her when she was with him. "Hey there, sleepyhead," Remus whispered. "Hey, what's the time? How long did I sleep? Where are we? Why does it look like your bedroom?" Hermione rushed out and then took a deep breath in and relaxed, however she looked extremely exhausted all over again. "Well… it's about six-thirty… so dinner time, you were asleep for a good three hours, we are in the room of requirement…" he paused for a second and put a hand on her shoulder in a comforting gesture and continued answering her last question "and this room looks like my bedroom because apparently it's the place that brings you the most comfort," he said with an air of smugness about him. Hermione got really embarrassed and withdrew slightly as Remus finished his explanation of why the room looked the way it did. How could she possibly explain that without him seeing how she felt? He could always read her emotions in her eyes. Remus, however, was having none of that and pulled her back to him. He didn't mind not knowing exactly why his room comforted her, all he needed to know was that it did, that if she was stressed or upset, his room was the place to go. Hermione got lost in her thoughts for a minute until her stomach made a low rumbling sound, signalling that she was hungry. Remus chuckled accidentally, pulled back slightly, and said, "time to go to dinner? Face the masses?" Hermione stood up and straightened out her clothes and nodded. They quickly made their way to dinner. Hermione must have been hungrier than she thought because she basically devoured her dinner and went back for dessert. All the while looking around making sure no one saw how she had gauged herself, she locked eyes with Remus, who had a small smile gracing his perfect lips, she bent her head down slightly and heat ran into her cheeks. She quickly dismissed herself, telling her friends that she was exhausted and going to bed from the long day. Remus offered to walk her back to the dormitory, but she refused him, telling him it wasn't necessary. He wouldn't take no for an answer, however, as he wouldn't allow her to walk back alone at this time of night. She finally relented, and allowed him to accompany her. They took their time walking back, both internally telling themselves that they didn't want to part, but didn't voice it, knowing they would have to separate for the night. When they reached the dormitory, Remus muttered the password "fortitudo". Emerging into the common room, they stood there silent in their own thoughts. Hermione finally moved her eyes to Remus' and smiled, "thank you for giving up dinner time to walk me back, I really appreciate it". She leant up and laid a small kiss on his cheek and walked up to her Dormitory to go to bed. ooooOoooo Remus was too late saying that it was his pleasure. He walked over to the seats by the fire and thought about how easy it was for her to lean up and lay a kiss on his cheek. She had never done that before; he could still feel the heat from her soft, tender lips. He sat there, trying to figure out why Hermione was so quiet lately, and why she detested little Peter so much, yeah he was Slytherin, but that wasn't a reason to hate the kind boy. He hoped that she would confide in him soon so he could help. James and Sirius walked in, looked at Remus and shook their heads. Their two friends were idiots, with the way they skirted around with their feelings. Remus didn't even notice the two, he was too lost in his thoughts and didn't notice the scheming look that his friends had passed between them. He decided to go to bed, he couldn't keep worrying about things when they hadn't happened yet. He couldn't worry about what had happened that she wouldn't let him in on. He went up to his bedroom, laid down and made his mind