Prompt: Dudley marries a witch (either knowingly or unknowing) and has a magical child. Fic Name: Where it all began… Rating: T Characters: Dudley Dursley, Demelza Robins-Dursley, Andrea Dursley, Harry Potter Summary: Two complete strangers meet in a busy cafe and become quick friends…. one has a massive secret! Join Dudley, Demelza and Andrea on their journey and see where it takes them! Let's go back to where it all began….. Prompt: Dudley marries a witch (either knowingly or unknowingly) and has a magical child. Warnings/Triggers: N/A A/N: Harry Potter characters are the property of J.K. Rowling and Bloomsbury/Scholastic. No profit is being made, and no copyright infringement is intended. "If love is not all, then it is nothing: this principle, and its opposite, collide down all the years of my breathless tale" quote taken from The Moors last sigh by Salmen Rushdie. Alpha/Beta love: Thank you so much to my amazing beta for all you do for me! You are amazing SandraSempra and I don't know where I would be without you! Thank you again you amazing and beautiful person! Chapter One: Prufock Meetings Dudley Dursley looked around as he entered the cafe. His workmates had recommended coming here for the coffee and pie, so as soon as his lunch hour arrived, here he was. Prufock was filled to the brim with people, but apparently that was part of the appeal: you could be surrounded by people, but still be left completely alone. He found a table down at back of the cafe and sat down in the booth-like chair. Not long after he settled in, a waitress came by and took his order, leaving him to get comfortable. His thoughts trailed to that of his father's company, and how he had left it because he couldn't deal with the pressures anymore. He came to despise how his father treated him and his mother after Harry had left. It was horrible coming back to London, seeing his old family home destroyed. So he had paid someone to rebuild it and moved his mother back in. He went and got himself an apartment in the main city working in a bank. Though it was a boring job, he wouldn't be found easily by his old friends as he would rather leave that life behind. Once he had seen what his cousin was really going through and his family being made to leave their home, he changed a lot. He wanted to meet Harry again now that he was a different person, and build bridges that were long ago burned from an upbringing of prejudices to being different. Dudley knew they wouldn't be best friends at this point, but he hoped they could at least become closer than they were. He had searched for Harry on and off over the past months to no avail, uncertain to reaching the right place to get in contact with his cousin. He felt he owed him that much. Owed himself that much. There was a clear of a throat and the shuffle of feet, Dudley peered up to a girl with long, straight black hair and brown eyes. "Yes?" He asked her, pondering why she was standing so close to his table. "I'm sorry, but I was wondering if I could sit here? I won't bother you, there's nowhere else to sit and I'd really like to have a relaxing lunch break that involves sitting down." Smiling at Dudley, the girl gestured toward the seat across from him. "Sure, I won't be too much longer. I'm a quick eater." He fell back into his own thoughts, trying to ignore her, but found himself looking up at her while she was distracted by the menu. There was something about this girl that had him intrigued, and he flinched as she noticed him staring at her. She smiled curiously at his blushing reaction. "What's your name?" Dudley asked her. "Demelza Robins, and you are?" Quirking her eyebrow, she hoped he would answer her. "Dudley Dursley, what brings you here?" He smiled nervously at her. "I decided I needed a change of scenery from my usual lunch place, and this one spoke to me." "Where do you normally go?" Wondering where she would go that she needed to change her usual spot. Demelza flicked her eyes to the side, avoiding making eye contact. "Oh.. um… it's a little restaurant close to my work, not widely known." She paused briefly. "Where do you work?" She asked, changing the subject from the place she usually goes. "I work as a Financial Officer for the Royal Bank. It's not much, but it's better than working with my father." He casually took a sip of his drink and a bite of the bread roll before picking up his spoon and tasting the pie for the first time. He groaned from how good it felt moving down his throat and how tasty it was. When he opened his eyes, Demelza was watching him curiously. He laughed and said, "I kind of like my food. When I was younger my metabolism wasn't very high so I was quite big , but I worked hard while I was away for a couple of years and changed my whole outlook. I still love to indulge at times". She smiled in response. "I couldn't imagine you being anything more than you are now." "Anyway.. enough about me, where do you work?" Feeling slightly self conscious about what he looked like. "I work in a government position…" Her voice trailing off, knowing she couldn't say anymore than that. Working for the Ministry of Magic was hard sometimes, especially when she had to talk to her muggle friends. But that was okay as she loved the work and challenges she faced. It wasn't before long they had finished their lunch after a long chat and parted ways, both hoping they would bump into one another again. Dudley asked her many times in his head for the girl's number, but refrained, feeling silly being so forward after knowing her only an hour over lunch. oOo Demelza had been waiting at their table for over twenty minutes, and still no sign of the enigmatic man she had sat with yesterday. She wanted some of Tom's famous minestrone soup and his homemade bread, but she wanted even more to see Dudley. Yesterday's lunch break was the most fun she had in awhile. They had gotten on so well, and Demelza saw him becoming someone she could call a good friend if they got the chance to see each other again. With a sigh, she gave up, walking around the corner to the apparation point to head back to the Leaky Cauldron when the door of the cafe opened. In walked the subject of her thoughts, peering around the tables for a minute before his eyes locked with hers. Walking over to her with a quickened pace, he sat down and smiled. "You're here, I thought it was a long shot, but I didn't want to miss you if I could help it." "You wanted to see me again?" She questioned, her cheeks turning a hint of pink. "Of course! It was fun yesterday, and if I could help it, I would much rather spend my lunch breaks with you over my work mates." He gave her a slanted smile. "Shall we make it a regular thing then? Not every day, of course. I mean if you don't want to that is, but more than never?" The light pink of her cheeks blushed to red at her own rambling. "Definitely make it a regular thing." Demelza was surprised she had made such a big impression on the first day, she too would rather the company of this muggle than the witches and wizards that she spent most of her day with. A waitress came over and took their order, neither one leaving the other's eyes from the other as they both repeated their order from the previous day. "So, what do you like to do on the weekends?" Dudley's curiosity was winning out. "I like to read or go to one of the museums around London. I also found this neat little restaurantI quite often go to on a Saturday night. What do you do?" "I spend most of my time at the gym and sports centre. I used to go and see my parents often, but my father works a lot on the weekends now so there's not much point. I still make it a point to see mum once a month." "That's nice of you. Most of my family died in a horrible accident a few years back, so I take care of my little sister sometimes. She's old enough to be at boarding school now, so I don't see her as much as I'd like." Her tone was melancholic. "Boarding school? Why boarding school?" "She didn't fit in at public schools, and was having a hard time after our parents died." Dudley saw a flicker of something in her eyes, but ignored the feeling there was more to her story than she was saying. "Does she like it at the boarding school?" Demelza blinked up at him. "Yes, she does. It's a pretty exclusive and fun boarding school and we made a lot of lifelong friends there. She's one of the top students of her year." Demelza's tone held a hint of pride in her voice. "That must make you proud that she's doing so well, even after losing your parents." "It does. She's come a long way and I can't wait to see what she makes of herself." Looking around the cafe, she noticed more people had come and gone than she realised. The last two days of eating with Dudley had been perfect and it seemed as if everything and everyone disappeared, leaving them in their own little bubble of space. "When's the next time that you can meet here?" Dudley questioned her. "Tomorrow and Thursday, I'll be out of the office with my boss, but Friday I can meet you?" She said smiling across the table at him. "Friday is perfect" They both stood and walked out of the cafe looking forward to the next two days passing by so they could see their newfound friend again. oOo Dudley was lying in bed the night before his mother's birthday and still hadn't purchased her anything. He had been searching for weeks, but nothing stood out. He was going to go for one last shopping trip tomorrow but wouldn't have much time before dinner because he didn't want to miss his lunch time meetup with Demelza. It had been two weeks since they met in the cafe, and every time he saw her his day brightened considerably. They had been meeting nearly every day and texting back and forth, never really having a day where they didn't talk. He had placed his phone on the charger as he was turned over to turn off the light off. His phone vibrated as he settled in bed, alerting him to a text. "Hey :)" Demelza's name flashed across his screen. A smile took over his face and he knew he wasn't going to go back to sleep anytime soon. He would much rather stay up late talking to her than be well rested the next day. He quickly typed back a reply "hey ;) how are you doing?" Moving into a seated position, he awaited her response, it was mere seconds before another text came through. " I'm good, laying in bed and wanted to talk to you, how are you?" "I'm laying in bed as well, I'm great now, thinking of where I'm going to go to get mum's presents tomorrow after work" He pressed send quickly before he changed his wording. Demelza had him second guessing everything he did and said, hoping he wouldn't say the wrong thing. She made him feel something deep within himself and