A/N- Hi everyone I'm really excited to be posting this story. I've been fiddling around with this idea for awhile and finally gathered up the courage to post it on here. This is my first Fan Fiction and any constructive criticism would be greatly appreciated but please don't be overly rude. I'm not sure if this is good enough to post the next chapter so please review and let me know if your interested on reading more. When I let my friend read this she was concerned about it turning into Bella/OC pairing but I promise you this is Bella/Jacob all of the way. Chapter 1 Finally after eight long months I found myself exactly where I wanted to be. The journey to get here was hard and long fought. I still find it hard to believe that just a few months ago I was a walking zombie barely making it from one day to the next. Those months were the darkest time in my life. Which was saying a lot seeing as how I was stalked and bitten by a psychotic vampire. My whole life I've always been shy. Always choosing to avoid confrontation or the spotlight whenever possible. Even with my introverted personality I prided myself on my independent nature. I started taking care of myself and my childlike mother at a very young age. I never needed anyone else to make me happy until I met him. Looking back I still can't recognize the needy co-dependent person I turned into when he walked into my life. When Edward (I was now able to say his name without experiencing the gut wrenching pain of my heart being torn in two) left it was as if I stopped existing. He took my entire life and reason for living with him. I couldn't eat, couldn't sleep. I was lucky I remembered to breathe. Though if I'm being honest I had wished I wasn't. Not breathing meant no pain. Only my promise to Edward not to hurt myself stopped me from going down that one way road. I mentally shook myself from my dark thoughts. Now was not the time for him and the husk of a person he left behind. Now was the time for peace, light, sun, and all things Jacob. Jacob Black who currently had me encircled in his arms, my back pressed against my kitchen counter. He took a step closer pressing his body against mine. Heat. There was so much heat I felt as if my body would self combust at any moment. Invisible flames danced and licked their way over my skin. Up my arms and down my chest. My nipples hardened as the flames grazed over my sensitive flesh. The flames traveled south dancing down my stomach to settle in a pool between my legs. My breath hitched as my eyes closed overwhelmed by the sensations crashing over me. I'm not sure how long we stood there bodies flush against one another. Jacob pushed forward pressing the massive bulge in his pants against my core as I fought to suppress a moan. Nothing had ever felt this good. I opened my eyes to find Jacob's lips inches from my own. I could feel his warm breath mingling with mine as my tongue darted out to trace my bottom lip. "Bells." He rasped bringing his head down closing the distance between us. His husky voice igniting the flames in between my legs. This is what I wanted. This is what I needed. I can't believe how blind I had been. How could I not see that Jacob was everything I needed and more. Did I deserve him? Hell no. Would I work everyday to be worthy of him and his love? Definitely. I closed my eyes and waited for his lips to press against mine. Nothing. Thirty seconds ticked by and still nothing. I opened my eyes and saw the last thing I would imagine on Jacob's face...anger. The intensity of his look evaporated the lust filled fog from my mind. I felt him trembling, fighting to contain the wolf. "Jake?" I could hear the hurt in my voice. What did I do wrong? How did I manage to ruin this? "Don't. Move. Bella." he hissed through clenched teeth. Suddenly, the hairs on the back of my neck stood up as a chill raced down my spine. I knew that feeling, but I hadn't felt it in months. I hadn't felt it since...they left. Dread clawed my stomach replacing the butterflies Jacob caused moments before. Once again the shadows crushing the light. No. No, this wasn't happening, not now. Not when everything was so right. "What is it Jake?" I managed. I reached out and squeezed his trembling waist praying I was wrong. "Cullens." he spat. "Who?" I asked my voice barely a whisper. If it wasn't for his wolf hearing I doubt he would have heard me. "I can't tell." A sob tore from my chest as my knees buckled. Jacob's arms surrounded me stopping me from collapsing on the floor. That was Jacob, my safety net. I knew he would always be there to catch me. "Bells, we need to leave right now. I can't protect you here. We need to get you over the line." Still reeling from the shock all I could do was nod into his chest. In one fluid motion Jacob swept me into his arms bridal style and was in front of the back door. Balancing my weight on his one arm he used his other hand to open the door. We spun around as a deep growl rumbled through his body. I reached my arms up clasping them around his neck holding on for dear life. A fact I was most grateful for when he skidded to a halt seconds later. He started slowly backing into the living room. I turned my head to peek around Jacob's massive bicep. There blocking the front door was Jasper Hale. The blonde vampire who tried to attack me over a paper cut on my last birthday. Wonderful. Not only is a Cullen here but it happens to be the one that is most likely to try and rip my throat out. I felt Jacob's lips on my ear as he whispered "Bella I'm going to put you down now. I want you to back up and go for the window. I'll distract the leeches while you run. Head for the woods and scream as loud as you can, someone from the pack should be near by. Don't stop and don't turn around no matter what. I need you safe." With a quick kiss to my temple he set me on my feet. Without taking his eyes off of Jasper he wrapped one of his strong arms around my waist and guided me behind his back. We were standing in the living room luckily there was only one way in. Unfortunately, that meant the only door was now blocked by a vampire. A shirtless Jacob stood five steps in front of me visibly shaking. Good he's beautiful. What the hell get it together Bella now is not the time for that! I took a diagonal step to my left trying to inch towards the window unnoticed. "Bella you don't seem happy to see us. I'm offended. Here I thought you would miss us." Jasper's eyes flashed but voice remained the slow southern drawl I'd grown accustomed to. Wait us? I only saw him. That meant there were more of them. With only Jacob here this could get out of hand really quickly. "Fuck off blondie you don't get to speak to her." Jacob snapped. "Tsk. Tsk. Tsk. Where are your manners pup? I just dropped by to check on an old friend why all the hostility?" "She is not your friend. All of you gave up that right when you left her to die! Now I suggest you leave before I make you." Jacob's voice was hard, strong, and lethal this was no idle threat. Jasper's left eyebrow shot up into his hairline as he cocked his head in curiosity. While they were talking I managed to close some of the distance between myself and freedom. The window was now only two feet away. My eyes flicked to the window and my heart dropped into my stomach. Locked. In all of the confusion I forgot I had the house on lockdown because of Victoria. I understood that a tiny lock wouldn't keep out a vampire, but I mainly locked it for peace of mind. In the particular moment it was having the opposite effect. "And how exactly do you plan on making me leave mutt. " Jasper spat. Out of the corner came a blur, and before I could figure out what happened there were two vampires in the doorway. "Bella where do you think your going?" came the musical voice of Alice Cullen. "That's none of your business this is her house and I don't remember either of you being invited. Now get out!" Jacob yelled pointing in the direction of the door. Both vampires acted as if they hadn't heard his outburst. Alice went to take a step toward me but froze when Jacob crouched and snarled at her. She shot him a dirty look before turning to me. "Bella relax it's just me and Jaz. I know it's been awhile since you've seen us but I'm here to explain everything. After Jasper att…" she stopped abruptly obviously realizing that it wouldn't be wise to say I was attacked so close to an already on edge werewolf. "After the incident on you birthday Edward was crushed. He blamed himself and went into full panic mode when he realized what could have happened He was so scared. Your his everything Bella. He loves you more than life itself." Jacob snorted "Convenient to love someone more than life itself when you don't have a life to give." "No one asked you mutt. " Alice hissed baring her teeth. I could feel the rage rolling off of her all the way across the room. For the first time I saw her for what she really was. Deadly. For the first I was afraid of Alice Cullen. Not afraid for myself I could care less for my own safety. No, I was afraid for the for the person in front of me that had slowly became my whole world. With a sweet smile plastered on her face she continued "He loves you Bella. He always has you know that, but after your birthday he realized how dangerous it was for you to be a part of our world. He knew that even though we had all given up human blood there was still a chance of a mistake. He wouldn't be able to live with himself if something happened to you. He loved you to much to put you at risk." "So in the beginning, before he loved me it was okay to risk my life?" I asked already knowing the answer, also knowing Alice Cullen would never admit it. "No Bella." she sang in a condescending tone. "Edward always put your safety first. That's why he decided we had to leave. Everything he said to you in the woods was a lie. It was all an excuse. He figured it would make it easier for you to believe. He was surprised however how little you fought to stay by his side. All he had to do was say he didn't love you and you gave up." she said the last part to Jasper which struck me as odd. "He made us all swear we would leave. We had to promise never to contact you again. He wanted you to be able to move on, find love. We all knew whoever you ended up would be numerous steps down from Edward, but we never thought you'd stoop this low. Honestly how can you