1. Puberty and her seven dorks. The one with theIntroductions Disclaimer: I don't own any of the Harry Potter characters you recognize. All others and the plot is a pure fruit of my imagination. 'Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs' is a tale originated from German oral tradition, the story was written by the Grimm brothers between 1812 - 1822 and published in the book ' Kinder-und Hausmaërchen' . ' Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs' is now in public domain, nevertheless, I'd like to thank the authors for giving this wonderful story to the world and my source of inspiration to this story. Also, due to copyrights of the names of the seven dwarfs I had to change them into similar ones, don't worry, I'll always put a chart in the beginning of each chapter remembering who is who. Hey guys! So this story came to me the other day and I thought that it might be a fun topic to write about, but I have no idea if you guys will like it, and if I should continue with it, so pleease help me and post a review to let me know, anything, just so that I can figure if it's a story worth continuing! I really hope you like it! Memoir flashes - summer vacations - third year. "Paul, just insert the movie on the DVD already!" I said laughing at his confusion. "How do you even do this? Is a round thing, and this is rectangular!" Paul said angrily. "If I move Harry will take over my place in his sleep!" I said looking sideways at Harry who was already soundless asleep at my right. "Daniel, just be useful and hold him off, will you? Or we'll never watch this dam thing." Paul said frowning at the DVD on his hands making Daniel laugh crazily. Daniel was the only muggle born in our group. The rest of us were all half muggle, half wizards, except for Paul, he was the only pureblood of the group. Dan and I where the only ones raised as muggles, you see, my mum died when I was eight, she was an extraordinary witch who worked at the Ministry creating new charms. One day one of her charms went really bad. She died in my living room, held by my father and looking straight into my eyes. I don't really like talking about it, but the point is: since my dad is a muggle, he raised me like one, so I was provided a normal muggle childhood until I received Hogwarts' letter. "All tight, all right, I'll hold him." Dan said still laughing a bit. "Atchim!" Ken sneezed extremely loudly. "Bless you." We all said in unison. We were so used by now with Ken's allergies that it was sort of a reflect. "On three Dan! One! Two! Three!" I said getting up at the latter while Dan hold Harry firmly, still laughing. "Here, I said pressing the 'open' button on the DVD and inserting the disk. "Wow! Look at that!" Paul said making me an Dan roll our eyes while the rest of our gang looked astonished. "It's like magic!" Jimmy said dully. "All right, shush everyone, movie is about to start!" I said passing the remote control to Dan. I had been daydreaming about my prince charming since dad showed me Snow White a few months after my mum passed away, so it was more than time to show the movie to my boys. I used to think I would be a princess, we had the same surname and all! But that went over the drain once I started Hogwarts and my puberty attacked. Honestly, I keep reading the golden trio's stories and wondering if they were teenagers at all. First for the obvious reason, look at what those three had to deal with when they were only eleven, I mean, a Death Eater professor?! And all right, stories never showed that they were the popular kind of gang - in a beauty kind of way. Actually looking at their pictures when they were young showed quite the opposite, they were skinny, and had bad hair and all, but not once single pimple. And let's face it, they have managed somehow to have perfection instead of children. All Wotters where insanely smart and gorgeous looking. Take Dominique for example, I've been sharing a dorm with her for the past five years now, and the girl just keeps getting more and more princess like. But I diverse, honestly, who goes through puberty without once single pimple to deal with? My puberty started when I was twelve, and it hit me like hell! My boobs started growing disproportionately to my tinny size - and yeah, I'm sure you're all wondering why would I complain to have huge boobs by the age of twelve, but you're forgetting the hormone rush that comes with it. Oleos skin, acne everywhere, my hair started having this crazy waves on the top of my head, hair shouldn't do that! And no matter what magic I tried on it, nothing would help. When I finally understood that I was not born to be a princess, I found myself without friends. The Gryffindor girls that shared the dorm with me where all beautiful - except for maybe Molly, she's the only Wotter that lacked beauty, but she was extremely annoying, even for an eleven year old without friends. I even wonder how she ended up in Gryffindor and not Ravenclaw, but I guess all Wotters have a free pass to Gryffindor or something - with few exceptions, like Albus Potter, who was in Slytherin, and Louis and Lucy, who were in Ravenclaw. That's when I found my geeky boys. Daniel Elliot and Paul Batts were in Gryffindor with me. Johnny Curtis, Jimmy Abbey and Harry Grey where Hufflepuff's, and finally, Brian Corey and Ken Fox were Ravenclaw's. We had one thing is common: our not good looks. When you're a teenager, that's all that matters to find you gang. "Once I become a healer, none of that 'true loves kiss' crap is gonna matter, I'd save Snow with poor skills!" Brian said making me giggle. "Hey! They're like us!" Harry said opening his eyes. I have to give it to him, he always seems to be fast asleep, but even so he suddenly says something that indicates he was paying attention all along. "What do you mean?" Jimmy asked puzzled. "Well, there're seven of them and a White, just like us!" Harry said smiling. "Are you calling us dwarfs?!" Paul said frowning while Daniel laughed. "Not dwarfs, but dorks, yeah." Jimmy finished grinning. "Hey! That's brilliant!" Brian said with a strange sparkle in his eyes. He always gets that when he had one of his "great" ideas. "We have been looking for nicknames for a while now, right?" "Yeah, so?" I asked crossing my arms puzzled. "So that's our nicknames! Just there!" Brian said excitedly pointing at the tv. "We can't just use the same names, it'll be too obvious." I said rolling my eyes. "Ok... maybe... but we can figure this out, let's see... I'll be Healer, Johnny is Shy, Ken is Sneeze - which is basically what he does anyway - Daniel is Cheerful, Jimmy is Stoned, Harry is obviously Drousy, Paul is Grouchy-" "HEY!" Paul interrupted annoyed but blushed when Brian gave him an 'exactly what I mean' look. "And Mary is Snow, of course!" He finished. "That's brilliant!" I said grinning. I always wanted to be Snow White! Of course I have absolutely no similarity to her whatsoever, brown hair, brown eyes and my skin wasn't even close to being as pale as it was supposed to be if I truly was Snow White, but anyway... "Why do I have to be Stoned?" Jimmy asked duly making us all roll our eyes. That's exactly why. "All right, that's gonna take a bit of getting used to, but I like it!" Johnny said smiling. And that's when they became my seven dorks. Back to the present I'm just standing in my room looking at myself at the mirror. I didn't change all that much. I kept telling myself, but the strange feeling in my stomach contradicted me. I looked different and I felt different. The day I arrived home for my summer vacation my dad announced to me that he was invited to a Healertor's program that helped people in Cambodia, he was leaving the next day, and so was I. He thought that being a girl at my age, with no mother, I should hang around more with other girls. "Not that I don't love the boys." He had said. I constantly felt that my father blamed himself for not being able to help me during all this brutal puberty years. So he had different plans for me this summer, instead of having me staying with one of my dorks, he was shipping me to an all girls summer camp in the US. Naturally I was completely against it, but my arguing proved to be all in vain - and that says a lot, cause I'm actually quite brilliant at arguing my cause. But once the first week of camp was over, I started to agree that going was the best decision ever. My roommates decided that since there were no boys to entertain them, they were making my makeover their priority task. The shoved a bunch of muggle products in me, had me taking a medicament that I'm quite sure needs a Healertor's approval to buy, since it literally pilled all my pimples off my face, putted a bunch of products in my hair that made the funny waves go away and made me buy an entire new closet and make-up kits. By the end of summer, I was this new girl staring at her own reflection incapable to believe this was herself. I even got to have my first kiss at the last party we had where the boys from the boys camp came over. His name was Michel, he wasn't the most gorgeous guy ever, but he was quite sweet and it had been nice. "Sweetheart, are you ready? You'll miss the train if we don't get going." I heard my father's voice calling me from downstairs. "Yeah dad, be there in a minute!" I shouted back and finally moved away from the mirror taking a deep breath. 'Nothing has changed, you're just different.' I thought to myself as I took my purse and headed down. "Don't worry sweetheart, you look lovely." My father said to me once we arrived at the station, giving me a small kiss on the top of my head, as if he was reading my mind. "You go in now, go find your friends." He said staring at the blank wall between platform 9 and 10. "By daddy, I'll miss you!" I said hugging him. "I'll miss you too princess." He said smiling at me. The station was packed with students and parents, but my dorks where nowhere to be seen. 'What a huge surprise...' I thought ironically. They were all staying at Harry's house for the past two days, and let me tell you, the guy's called Drousy for a reason! I glanced one last time to the platform, there were a couple of Ravenclaw's in my year giggling loudly before they spotted me and started to whisper while staring. 'Great' I thought to myself before I hopped in the train. Finding an empty compartment was always a task, and since I arrived here early I should at least take advantage of it. I putted my trunk in an empty compartment so that people would known this was taken and went to the loo. Just as if my luck couldn't get any better I got locked inside the bathroom. Yey! Amazing way to start a new year at Hogwarts, right? NOT! After a while of