Sirius, James, Lily are alive. Dumbledore found out for the horcruxes during the first war and they defeated Voldemort. They are all alive. (cool world, uh?) So this is Sirius's birthday party at James and Lily's backyard because they have a backyard. It takes places in 1995. Remus knocked on the door and waited. A woman with ginger hair opened the door with a wide smile on her face. "Hey Remus! Come in!" "Hello, Lily. How are you?" "Fine, Harry got home from school just two days ago! I'm afraid he didn't get much of my DNA he looks just like James." "Are you joking, he has your eyes and that's quite a lot already." "Yeah yea, everyone says that." Lily said waving airly. "Happy Birthday Sirius!" Remus said happily when he got sight of his friend. "Thank you Moony!" Remus handed him a brown package. "You didn't have to, really." Sirius said, and he seemed to feel a bit guilty. James and Sirius both knew that he had a little struggle with money. "It's not much." Remus said. Sirius opened the package; it was a book about the funniest spells and charms. With years, Sirius hadn't change much. "Thank you, mate! Come on, join in the party." "Remus after the pain Sirius had been for you last week when he had broken his foot, you still got him a present!" Said Mary looking tenderly at Sirius. They had got engaged just a few weeks before so this party was a bit of their engagement party too. They had met three years ago and two years ago they found a flat to live together. Mary was a very kind woman, she had light brown hair and blue eyes. She was his opposite but she liked his funny side. Remus talked lightly with them and crossed Harry's path. "Hello, professor Lupin." Harry greeted him. "Oh Hello, Harry. You had a good year in Hogwarts?" "Yes! Gryffindor won the Quidditch cup!" "I'm very proud of you. Don't tell your dad I said that but I do think inherited his talent." "I won't. His ego is big enough!" Harry said laughing and he joined his friends. Remus walked to help himself with a drink. There was a table in the corner of the backyard with glasses and bottles. He poured himself a fresh butterbeer when someone pushed him. "Oh Merlin, I'm sorry." "It's nothing. It's my fault, I wasn't looking either." Remus answered to the young pink haired woman. She had short spiky pink hair, and dark eyes and a nice light skin. "Well, I won't blame you for not expecting a girl to knock herself on you while you poured your drink. I'm sorry I made you spill everything, didn't I?" Remus glanced at her; she was wearing a short dark blue tube skirt, following her curves and a big light grey shirt with a drawing on it but Remus didn't want to seem rude and didn't try to see what it was. And she had black boots. "Not everything; half of it maybe." Remus said teasingly. The young girl laughed; he very heartily laughter not very lady like but which Remus found absolutely charming. "Don't make fun of me!" The young girl said laughing lightly. "I'm not." Remus answered. "But I don't think we've been introduced already." "I'm Tonks, just Tonks." Remus smiled. He had heard a bit of her, she was Sirius's cousin. "Alright, Tonks. I'm Remus, Remus Lupin. And why don't I get the right to know your name?" "Because it's hideous!" "You know mine." "Yours is fine." She said rolling her eyes. "You know…" Remus said, looking away. "If I ask Sirius he'll tell me." "You'd take all the fun away." Tonks said smiling. She had a nice smile. "Maybe you're right." Remus admitted. "I trust you not to ask my name to anyone ." The young girl said pouring herself a drink too. "I'll try my best." Remus answered and she walked away, looking back at him with a mischievous smile. Remus talked a bit with Sirius, James and Lily and other friends. Remus couldn't help but glance at the young woman he had just met. She was something. And she was very lovely. Sometimes he caught her looking at him too – they'd smile sheepishly like two kids who got caught. "Everyone! Let's sit and eat the marvellous meal my wife prepared." James shouted. Remus found himself a seat and looked at the people talking asking one another where they were going to sit. He didn't sit next with James and Sirius because they had a common friend with them today that Remus didn't know, one of Lily's colleague. "Mr Lupin, do you mind if I sit next to you?" A voice said behind him, it was Tonks. The young girl he had talked with. "Not at all, Miss Tonks. Please sit here." He said pointing to the chair next to him. "So, Remus, were you going to sit here alone?" "Well, I obviously thought someone would sit next to me eventually, I don't think I'm smelling that bad." The young girl leaned closer and sniffed. Remus would have laughed if she didn't smell so good. She smelled of raspberries and fresh flowers. He eventually chuckled when she said: "No, no you don't stink. You actually smell like books and fresh like in the middle of the woods and a bit of chocolate too." "That's because I have some chocolate on me." Remus said with a little smile. "You do? Why?" She asked surprised. "I always have some on me, just in case." "I'll remember to stay close to you in case I'm in the need of chocolate." Tonks answered smiling. "You'll only have some if you tell me your name." "I'm not gonna tell you my name." "At some point, you will." Remus said confidently and he took a sip of his butterbeer. "So, you're one of Sirius's best friends, right?" "Yes. I'm surprised I haven't seen you before, by the way." "That's because I was on Auror training, I was really busy." "So you're an Auror." "Yes!" "Who was your trainer?" "Alastor Moody, do you know him?" "Yes, I do. He's an old friend of mine. He wasn't too harsh on you, I hope?" "You think I'm not tough enough?" Tonks asked and raised an eyebrow. "No, that's not what I mean, not at all. It is just that Mad-Eye may have been quite authoritative / paranoid with me back in the time." "He still is! I'd add /easily annoyed." "And you, what are you doing?" "I'm working in a library." "Cool job." "Not as cool as Auror." "No, if that's what you like it's got to be cool. That's the only thing that matters, right?" "Indeed, it is." They talked a lot during the lunch about everything and anything. Remus noticed that Tonks had the most beautiful smile he's ever seen and he felt proud every time he made her smile. The young woman was looking at him very kindly and he was glad she had decided to sit next to him. When she knocked a glass over on the table and blushed as she saw some old women looking at him her hair turned redish – which get her hair to turn even redder. "Are you a metamorphmagus?" Remus asked, trying to sound very polite. "Yes, I am. I'm impressed. Not a lot of people actually know that we exist." "That's very rare, if I remember well." Remus said. "I think so, I never met one. Do you want to see my hair look purple?" "Why not. I'm quite fond of the pink; it's a very nice colour. But I am sure that every colour suits you." Remus said kindly. "You don't need to be polite, Remus. A lot of people would prefer my hair to be brown or blonde or, you know, a normal colour." She leaned closer and whispered "Look at all the old women who looked at me in a weird way when they saw my hair turn red." "Who cares about what the other people want you to look like." Remus said and laughed, trying to show her that she shouldn't give a damn about all of this. "You're right. I learned not to care with time." Tonks said quite seriously. "When I was in Hogwarts, after the "It's so cool" period of time I had the right to "you, freak!" and then when boys noticed they could have an interest: "Could you be taller? Thinner?" and trust me one dared asked "could you have bigger boobs?" but now that I'm adult, if someone doesn't accept it I just give up and don't even try." "Kids are stupid. You look lovely with pink hair." Remus said and then realized that he had just complimented her. "Thanks. That's the only thing I morph now, my hair. Except for missions, but it's not my personal life." Remus smiled at her. He liked her and he wished she knew – that she really knew – she was beautiful. He liked how she liked her job and what it meant for her. While they were waiting for the next course they were both listening to two men – from Mary's family – speaking of how it's normal not to mix all kind of people. Remus's body tensed. He knew what he was talking about, people like him. "I mean, you never know if they're the good type or not." One of the men said. He was quite big, black haired and with a beard. He was the kind of man not very elegant and who always thought he had the right to give his opinion on everything. "If there's a good type; never met one! Centaurs, werewolves, goblins, they're all the same. But goblins are useful at least. But they're not human, you can't trust them." "If you'll excuse me." Remus whispered to Tonks. Remus couldn't bear to hear more, so he got up and walked across the backyard into the house. She seemed to have noticed that something bothered him because after several minutes she entered the house. Remus was sitting on the first step's stairs, his elbows resting on his knees hiding his face in his hands. "Hey stranger. I always find you on your own." She said kindly and she seemed a bit nervous of his reaction. "Sorry." He said getting a look at her. "Want to sit here?" He asked a bit unsure. "Why not." She said and he made room for her. She didn't say anything but she seemed to be waiting for him to speak. They hadn't met very long ago but she seemed to want to understand him and he didn't mind for once. He didn't exactly know why but he didn't mind and he felt the same. "I need to tell you something." Remus said. Tonks looked at him quizzically. "I'm… I'm a werewolf. I'm sorry I didn't tell you before, I just enjoyed your company and I didn't want you to run away, not.. not yet." "It's alright." She said quietly. "You may be a werewolf, but from what I know, you're a good man, you're Sirius's friend you can't be too bad, uh?" "You're not scared, or disgusted?" He asked slightly surprised. "No, of course not. I don't judge people on their DNA." She said and she gave him a light nudge in the ribs playfully. "Maybe you're the one who's wrong." He said not looking at her. "You shouldn't feed prejudices; I've heard a lot about from Sirius – when he was younger he kept talking about you and James; no offense now he speaks mostly about Mary – you're not a monster; you're not a beast. And you're way smarter than that man." "Thank you." Remus said with a half-hearted chuckle. "Come on, take a piece of your hidden chocolate and let's go back to the party." She said joyfully.