May 6, 2005 Noteto Self: When offering up supplication to the Valar, promising chocolate to the ladies and power tools to the men is the key to enjoying the best of what Middle Earth has to offer. Also, Marshals of the Mark can appear in the strangest of places, so watch where you're moving things after after offering supplication to the Valar. In anticipation of moving back to New York (State, not City, as so many geography-ignorant nimrods insist on assuming), I was packing up the varied and often bizzare contents of the computer room closet. I stored mundane things, like extra shampoo and acetone and Tylenol with codeine (OTC in Canada, baby!), in there, along withi odder things, like my Eowyn costume, which had an anally-retentive attention to detail (I'd had the eyestrain from studying grainy photographs of the embroidery on the original costume's underskirt for weeks as proof of this obsession) that disturbed my parents, and a binder I'd used in school last year with a to-scale map of Edoras and Meduseld on the front and back covers, respectively. I would have kept it out on my desk, but I was tired of my friends seeing it and promptly suggesting I seek help to deal with my unhealthy obsession. So b what /b if I insisted that there was a way to open a wormhole into Middle Earth and walk into the world Tolkien himself had time-travelled to and documented in the guise of fiction? There wasn't any way they could prove I was serious, and not just being dryly sarcastic, in a tongue-and-cheek way, like I was about pretty much everything else. Dry, tongue-in-cheek sarcasm was a wonderful excuse when you were serious about things others had too little faith to embrace. So in the process of packing up, I came across my Rohrirric Maiden #35 costume I'd worn to The Gathering of the Fellowship in December '03. "Good times," I murmured, smiling at the memories of volunteering to work security with the hopes of getting closer to Craig Parker and Bruce Hopkins, carefully following up on every rumor of where Craig's room might be, and the sheer hormonal bliss of actually, finally b meeting /b Craig 'Shag Me Now, You Hot, Hot Man' Parker and having a Real, Live Conversation with him about the tree frogs that lived in his London back yard. I'd been on Cloud Nine when he'd laughed at my comment about hope springing eternal in the horny male tree frog, and- I had to stop, or I'd be a bitch from the sexual frustration for the rest of the day, and Jen was coming over later to celebrate the end of the semester. I took a deep breath and forced myself to think about what a royal pain my English Culture final had been. Like a million cold showers all at once, thoughts of the test immediately cooled my ardor and I was able to return to the task at hand. Kind of. Along with lusting after Craig Parker had been my failed attempts to get a picture with Bruce Hopkins at the masquerade ball and banquet during the Gathering. Damn him for saying he'd be there and then being totally inaccessable for even a mere photo. Damn good thing he'd only been Gamling, and not Elfhelm, in the movies, or I'd have been royally pissed. If I couldn't have lived vicariously for even a moment at the thought of finally being with my Ultimate Lust Object, Bruce's body, free of any sign of foul play or poison, would have been found when he failed to show up for his scheduled autograph session. One did not stand in the way of True Love without being run over. Not at all. Even guys as nice as Bruce. Elfhelm outranked Gamling, anyway. Gamling shouldn't have even had a speaking part in the movies. Elfhelm would've been a better choice for a right-hand man. He was, after all. Duh? Hadn't Peter Jackson read the bloody books? Or maybe he just didn't care. That would explain the sacrilige and blasphemy of the elves showing up at Helm's Deep. Served Haldir right for dying, being where he shouldn't have been to begin with. Damn Peter Jackson, putting innocent elves in danger for no good reason! He'd have to die for that. He killed Craig Parker, only the hottest man to ever- "Stop!" I ordered myself. I was not going to have that fantasy again. Just keep packing and think of your finals. Like English Culture, where you'd had to discuss the effects of the Norman invasion of 1066 on Anglo-Saxon culture. Damn Breelanders, invading Rohan and imposing their snooty, wine-loving drivel on the noble, magnificient culture of the Horse Lords. Totally destroying such a wonderful culture with their Continental, women-as-sex-toys, feudalism tripe. Elfhelm, reduced to a poor farmer, struggling for food to put in the mouths of his wife and children. I saw red. How could those damn Breelanders do that to my Elfhelm? I sighed. I really wanted just one day-well, maybe two or three with Elfhelm. How many ardent fans did he have, anyway? Was it so much to ask that the Valar give me a few days with the man I loved? It wasn't like he was Legolas, with thousands of mindless, hormonal gits burning with Twu Wuv who wanted one, true snog after a day of dragging him to the mall and to lunch at school so they could show him off like a new shirt or something equally degrading, considering he was the Prince of Mirkwood and an elf. Legolas could've paraded around before me naked-okay, maybe not naked, but he could've been in the same room as me, clothed, and I wouldn't have had any desire to do more than talk with him about Elven culture and history and the best way to dispose of Suvians. If the Valar were going to eject him into Modern Earth and didn't want him subjected to attempted seduction or endless trips to the mall, I was one of the names on the list of women he could safely be ejected around. No, Elfhelm was no Legolas, thank Eru. I did thank Peter Jackson for that. If he had shown Elfhelm to the masses…I shuddered at the thought of fangirls mangling my Elfhelm. No, it was a good thing he remained known only to true and loyal fans that had read the novel. We'd respect him. We wouldn't drag him to the mall or stupid crap like that. Well, unless we were going to Victoria's Secret or Frederick's of Hollywood to try on some lingerie, but men didn't seem to mind when you wanted them to come and give their opinions on what looked best on you. I snickered. If I was lucky enough to discover Elfhelm falling out of a closet or tumbling out of a cupboard, after assuring him he wasn't suffering from a concussion-induced hallucination and he was in a fangirl-free zone, I'd ask him to help me learn more about the sexual habits and customs of the Mark. Hands-on, of course. I giggled. I'd heard stories of Legolas and Aragorn and others being spit into Modern Earth when the Valar were properly bribed (or maybe the Valar were just bored those days). Maybe it would work for me. "Please, all-powerful Valar, if I can have a few days with Elfhelm, I'll give you as much chocolate and…power tools as you want. I'll give you anything you want. Just, please, time with Elfhelm." "Chocolate!" cried many ladies. "Power tools!" came a distant chorus of male voices. "Agreed!" all the voices declared at once. 'The Hell?' I thought as I stared at the back wall of the closet quizically. That had sounded like it came from somewhere outside my head. I could deal with my mind talking to itself, but voices outside my head…that was different. I didn't want to get any more medications from my shrink. I had enough of those already, some of which I took to curb the side effects of others. Wasn't being crazy grand? I could always sell my story like 'A Perfect Mind', and try to get Renee Zelweiger to play me. She looked good when she was a size 14, and there weren't many people you could say that about. And to play my ex's, I'd have Brad Dourf do them all. He was good at playing troubled losers who had matching sets of emotional baggage stashed behind a curtain on stage right. And for Ben, my own personal Queer Eye, I'd hire Rupert Everet. Ben adored Rupert the same way I adored Craig, and Ben was my best girl friend (albeit with a dick), so it was only fair I give him that gift. And the story of my life would go on to win lots of Oscars and- There I was, daydreaming wild things again while work was waiting to be done. This stuff wasn't going to pack up on its own. I took my costume off the hanger and The Ngila Dickson Rohirric shoe knock-offs I'd made for my Eowyn costume came flying out from behind some boxes. I cursed and jumped back, then lunged forward to see what the heck had expelled the shoes. What had fallen off one of the precarious piles, creating the catapault effect? I hoped it wasn't anything breakable and/or important to me. I'd lost enough this week because of stacks shifting each time I opened the closet doors to throw something in and having to shove everything back into the closet as I shut the doors before I had to go through and actually take the time to stack and pack everything neatly. I peered over the boxes and saw the top of a strawberry blonde head. My wig. How had it managed to catapault the shoes? Unless it pushed something else that launched the shoes. And it had fallen out of the bag I kept it in. Shaking my head and sighing deeply, I grabbed the hair on the top to pull it up and re-bag it and received a very nasty shock: the wig began cursing. Loudly. In a male voice. In a language I didn't recognize. Oh, shit. Where was the emergency psychiatric ward number when you needed it most? Nevermind what I'd said about not wanting any more meds. Tomorrow, I was going to grovel, beg, borrow, and steal to get whatever it took to make my brain behave. I stumbled back, clutching at my chest. "Sweet Mary on a pogo stick!" I exclaimed, falling on my bum as I tripped over the box I'd been filling. "OW! Damn!" I picked myself up and kicked the box out of my way so I could make my escape. I was going to find the emergency number for the psych wing here in town and call them up and beg them to admit me before the dishes starting singing 'Be Our Guest'. My wig cursed again, this time in English. "I will geld you and feed your bits to my dogs," it threatened. More disturbingly (if such a thing was possible), the voice sounded as if it were rising behind the boxes and then hanging above them. Visions of possessed hairpieces haunting my mind, I shrieked and ran from the room. I was going to Jen's. She'd know what to do about something like this. She had friends that attached souls to doorbells and interviewed ghosts at Valley Forge (I hadn't asked about the doorbell thing. I didn't want to know). The locks on my front door didn't want to come loose. "Damnit, unlock!" I muttered, trying to force the deadbolt to turn. "I need to get out!" "WHERE IN MORDOR AM I?" the wig thundered, knocking over boxes. "GRIMBOLD, IF THIS IS YOUR IDEA OF A JOKE, YOU'LL WISH YOU'D DIED IN THAT WARG ATTACK BEFORE I'M DONE WITH YOU!" The wig was now