Luthien slammed her bedroom door, wishing yet again she could prove she was adopted so she could get away from here. She was counting the days until her eighteenth birthday, when she could move out for good, change her name, and deny any connection to her family. She hated her name (among other things). Who in their right mind named a child 'Luthien Tinuviel'? Her parents must have been high on something when they decided to name their children after characters from 'Lord of the Rings' (which, knowing them, seemed entirely likely). Her younger brothers (who were three years apart) had been named Elladan and Elrohir. "Why couldn't they have named me 'Jennifer' or 'Heather'?" she asked her cat, Gothmog, as she sat down on her bed. "When I turn eighteen, I'm changing my name to 'Isabel'." Gothmog looked at her unblinkingly for a long moment, then yawned and rolled onto his side. Luthien spent the rest of the afternoon listening to Dar Williams while she worked on the rough draft of her research paper for English on Queen Elizabeth I. She'd thought when she chose to write on how Elizabeth had been influenced by her father she'd enjoy the research, but after one day source-gathering at the huge library downtown had disabused her of that idea. Most of the books and articles were boring and dry and she was looking forward to the day when she handed in her final draft and never had to write down another quote on another notecard ever again. She was just about to save her work when the screen turned an ugly yellow and laughing jars of Smuckers jam began to dance across the screen, followed by 'Greetings! You've just been jammed by Cap'n Lonestar' in blood-red letters. Luthien stared at the screen in mute horror as the jars and message scrolled across her screen in an endless loop. No. Not again. Not now. Not when she'd all but finished her research paper. "ELLADAN! ELROHIR, YOU STUPID LITTLE-!" "Cursing is futile," a voice interrupted sardonically from her doorway. "Your files have been assimilated. We'll give them back if you're real nice to us." Luthien closed her eyes and counted to ten. "Why don't you use your skills for good, like hacking the school and failing the jocks in gym?" "Already did that," Elladan said, sounding smug. "We want to wait a while before we do it again." Luthien's eyes opened and she looked back at the older of her two brothers, slouched against the doorframe. "When?" "Last June. The football coach was livid when his star quarterback couldn't play. And how do you think I passed Art?" "You could have changed my grades while you were in there," she pouted. Smug smirk. "We did. Why'd you think you passed Algebra?" "Because I studied like crazy for the final and done well," she admitted, cheeks warm. So much for studying paying off. "I need my research paper back. Now." Elrohir appeared next to Elladan. "If you're nice to us, Lulu." "Please don't call me that," she said, her clipped words dripping with sweetness. As soon as she had her paper back, she was going to make them pay. "What do I have to do to get my paper back?" Her brothers looked at each other, then at her. "Clean our rooms," Elladan said. She felt her stomach turn over. "Other than that." Elrohir shook his head. "That's the deal. Clean our rooms and you get your files back." Luthien shoved back her desk chair and stalked over to her brothers. "No. Stinking. Way. Your rooms are total pits of despair. Give me back my school files before Mom gets home or I'm telling her you two hacked my computer to blackmail me into cleaning your rooms." "That's not why I did it," Elrohir said. "I hacked into your computer because I was bored. Elladan suggested borrowing your files so you'd do us a favor once I was in." "My mistake," she said tightly. "I'll tell Mom you hacked my computer and then decided to take my files to blackmail me into cleaning your rooms for you." Her brothers blanched slightly, making Luthien smirk. They knew if their parents found out they'd hacked their sister, they'd be grounded from their computers (which they lived for) for a long, long time. "I want all my files back in five minutes, or I'll also tell her that you hacked the school last summer and changed people's grades." "Including yours," Elladan said quickly. "If you rat us out on that, Ro will have to change your Algebra grade back. Luthien narrowed her eyes. Damn. She'd been so close to total sibling domination. "I'm still telling her you hacked my computer and took my files and I lost a good chunk of my research paper because of that and you won't give my files back unless I clean your rooms." "We saved everything," Elrohir assured her emphatically. "And you'll get it all back." "I was about to save when you stole my files and froze my computer, you little turd. You know what happened the last time you hacked me." She suddenly had an idea. "Recover what I didn't get a chance to save and put all the files back on my hard drive before Mom gets home, and she never hears about this from me." She gave Elrohir the Evil Eye. After a long moment, he looked away and muttered, "Fine. I'll get your paper back for you." "And put my files back." "Yeah." He slumped back down the hall, muttering under his breath. Elladan, however, didn't move. He stared after Elrohir, and when his younger brother's door slammed, he looked at his sister and said proudly, "Taught him everything he knows." She regarded him with narrowed eyes. "Only you would take credit for turning him on to high-tech espionage." "The CIA pays well for someone with those skills." She rolled her eyes and shook he head slightly. "Or he'll end up in prison, and you'll be his cellmate." She went over to her desk and opened the 'Documents' folder on her computer desktop and checked that her research paper was there in its entirety. "Excellent. Go tell Mini Me he's safe from Mom going lawnmower on him." Later that night, Luthien was curled up in the 'secret' room behind her closet, reading. The farmhouse they lived in had been used on the Underground Railroad, so there were several of these spaces built into the walls around the house. By chance, she'd gotten the only bedroom with a hiding space, which made her brothers green with jealousy. More than once, they'd attacked it, necessitating that her father put a lock on the closet door. For extra security, she'd put one on the inside of the entrance to Mirkwood for when she was in there. She'd wanted to call the room Imladris, but you couldn't very well call an enclosed space Imladris, now could you? Something began pounding on the closet-side wall, startling Luthien. "Sweet Eru on a pogo stick!" she exclaimed, sitting up and hitting her head on the reading lamp. "Ow! Damn! WHAT?" "Let me in!" Elrohir said in a low voice. "Elladan is going to pound me to a pulp if he finds me!" "So says the boy who came into my room and closet without permission. If he doesn't turn you into hamburger, I will, and I'll feed your remains to Gothmog and Beruthiel when I'm done." "Tee, please." He was using his old nickname for her, and that tone! He sounded so pathetic! "Please?" "You owe me," she grumbled as she unlocked the panel and pushed it open slightly. Elrohir grabbed it and jerked it up, sliding underneath quickly and letting it drop back into place. Luthien pulled her knees tightly under her chin so Elrohir wasn't sitting on her feet. "What'd you do this time?" He grinned, dimpling in a way that always made female relatives want to pinch his cheeks. "I replaced all his MP3s with Backstreet Boys and N'Sync." She smothered a laugh, not wanting to encourage him. She didn't want him messing with her settings again. "You can't hide in here forever, Ro. You'll have to face Dan at some point." "Yeah, but the longer I hide, the less mad he'll be when I do have to see him and maybe he won't want to pound me so bad then. Can I have some chocolate?" Without waiting for an answer, he grabbed the bag of mini Hershey bars on the floor by the reading lamp and took out a handful. "Thanks." "Yeah, sure, Ro, you can have a few," she said sarcastically. He gave her an angelic smile as he unwrapped the first little bar and popped it into his mouth. "It's not going to work, Ro. I know you too well to be fooled by the Charming Angel look." "So does Mom, but she always gives in to it." "Mom's a sucker for dimples and puppy eyes. And that would be Dan" she added, hearing feet pounding up the stairs that were on the other side of the room's back wall "looking for you." As if on cue, they heard a muffled "RO, YOU'RE DEAD WHEN I FIND YOU!" Elrohir's eyes grew wide. "I told you he was going to pound me." "That's if he finds you." She unlocked the panel and started to open it, but Elrohir grabbed her arm. "Ro, let go." "Don't tell him!" "I'm not going to, I promise. I'm going out to tell him you came looking for somewhere to hide, but I kicked you out and I think you went down the back stairs." Elrohir let go of her arm. "Okay. Thanks." "I like your style. Usually." They both grinned. "You owe me for this." She crawled out into her closet, hearing the inside lock slide closed when the panel was back in place. She followed the sounds of things being tossed around down to Elrohir's room, where Elladan was pulling apart the closet. "He went down the back stairs," she said, trying not to think about the moldy plate on the dresser. "He came to me to hide, but I kicked him out." Elladan cursed as he crawled backwards out of the closet. "You should have let him hide and then come told me where he was." "And let you make a bloody mess out of my room?" she asked dryly. "Mom and Dad would let you change your room around, like you've been begging them to let you." "Probably." She stood back to let him out the door. "Still proud you taught him everything he knows?" "Bite me." If eyes could dance, hers would have been. "No thanks. You'd probably taste nasty." She laughed when he stuck his tongue out at her. She did the Secret Knock on the back wall of her closet and was rewarded with the feeling of several wooden planks smacking hard into the front of her left ankle. "You could have warned me first!" she hissed as she crawled into Mirkwood. "Where's the chocolate?" Elrohir's eyes grew large. "I finished it?" he offered in a small voice. "You ate an entire bag?" Luthien echoed with disbelief. "You're going to be up all stinkin' night! And Mom's going to blame me if she hears you're bouncing off the walls because the chocolate you ate came from my supplies. Like it's my fault you pigged out while I was gone." She rolled her eyes and silently counted to ten while biting the tip of her tongue. "Give me one good reason I shouldn't go and tell Elladan where you are?" "Because if you do, he'll kill you, too, because you hid me and lied to him." The kid was too damn smart. "He won't if he knows what's good for him," she said, thinking fast. "Mom will nail his butt to the wall for going after me when