Hello all. This is a story I started writing a little while ago and recently found it and thought I would share. It is based just after the battle and just before Hermione is to return to Hogwarts to complete her seventh year. She is pulled back into time twenty years to join the likes of Remus, Sirius, James, Peter and Severus in their final year. She tries her hardest to keep her distance from the Marauders as she doesn't wish to cause any damage to the future and prevent the death of old Voldie. But little does she know she is meant to be there and those who met her all those years ago know that. It's rated M for some future smuty action. This is a love story between one Remus Lupin and one Hermione Granger. I LOVE hearing feed back and I love when people suggest ideas of what they would like to see or and plot ideas so please feel free to share with me. They will not be falling in love straight away remember Hermione is trying to protect the future. Remus knows there is more to them but also that is only due to the wolfs needs and wants not love. Enough of my rambling here is the First Chapter. I hope you enjoy it :D Coming Home Chapter one - Twenty Years August 30th 1998 - 9 Months 11 Days. It was finally coming, the day where Hermione would vanish from right in front of everyone's eyes to be thrown back in time twenty years ago, only to walk the familiar halls of Hogwarts for her final year within another time. It was still unknown to those who were there those years ago as to why she was sent there, but the fact of the matter was they knew she would be going and in precisely two days. "We should tell her, warn her," "Lupin, you know we can't. If she knows then there is no guarantee she will behave as she is intended. Knowing that kind of information could only harm what is to happen. That is why we are staying out of the way," Severus once again was trying to be the voice of reason for the past five years, from the day Remus had taken up the position of the DADA Professor laying eyes on her once again in her third year, the two of them had been battling since with each other about whether or not they should inform Hermione of her future and the events her presence had on their past. "It's been twenty years Snape. twenty years since the day she left. twenty years of being in love with a woman who doesn't even know that we were together, who has no recollection of anything," Remus slumped himself down in the chair opposite the Potions Masters desk running his hands tiredly over his face. "I know Lupin. It's been twenty years for me too. Twenty years without my best friend. Without the woman who made me who I am today. I know what you're feeling. Having to act the way I have towards her for the past seven years since the day she walked in as a first year, keeping all these secrets from her letting her believe that I really was as evil as I had to make out. There was nothing I kept from her when we were friends, nothing at all. So keeping everything from her, all of what I have had to do, has been just as hard for me as it has for you. You have to remember that she doesn't know because she hasn't been there yet, she hasn't met us at school," Snape stated firmly in a small moment of pure honesty and vulnerability. He knew he was right but right now the aching sensation in his chest that he had been feeling for the past twenty years was becoming more painful than he ever thought possible, there was also the realisation that there would still be another nine months until she would return in the June. Nine more months till she would hopefully return to them both with full recollection of whom they were to her and who she was to them. "Do you think she will still love me when she returns, considering I am now a thirty eight year old man and not an eighteen year old lad?" Remus closed his eyes dropping his head down towards his lap. "Yes" Severus began "On her last night before she came to you, I found her in the Library crying her heart out about the fact that she would be leaving you and I behind. She told me that she was scared," "Scared?" Remus lifted his head quickly making eye contact with the Potions Master. "Yes scared. Scared that she would return home, to here so full of love for you to find you happy with someone else or to you having fallen out of love with her" Severus paused for a moment and reached down into one of his desk draws "Of course I told her to stop being so ridiculous and sent her on her way to you, we may not have seen eye to eye most of our years during Hogwarts Lupin, but I knew the night of the ball that there was no one else for you. We all did, your eyes are very deceiving to you. Before she left to come to you though she gave me this," he extended out his hand towards the man before him holding out an old Prefect badge, Remus' brows furrowed slightly at the object before he graciously reached out to take it into his own hands, running his fingers over the old badge he had once worn so proudly. "She asked me to ask you, that upon the day she returns which we both know is the tenth of June, that you wear it if you still feel the same way. Then when she sees it she'll know and if she doesn't then she'll let you be," The werewolf stared down back at the badge resting between his fingers, a bittersweet smile resting upon his lips "Thank you," he managed finally meeting the other pair of eyes in the room. "Don't thank me, I'm only doing what she asked and we both know I would do anything for her," "We both would. How about you? How will you know if she remembers your friendship?" dark eyes meet a sea of blue a slight smirk gracing his lips. "That is certainly something I am reluctant to share," "Really? Well please do," Remus' eyes twinkled with a hint of mischievousness as he noticed the potion master's lack of enthusiasm. Severus merely shook his head avoiding having to answer the pestering wolf and changed the topic of conversation "Here don't forget these," he said reaching into a desk drawer and pulling out a number of vials handing them over to Remus "There's enough there to last you until the full moon," Remus graciously took the vials placing them carefully into his robes pocket "Thank you," began Remus "I realise I have never properly thanked you for providing me with this over the years, I am truly grateful," "Once again don't thank me, it is Grangers doing" the werewolf's eyebrows cross in confusion "She is the one who taught me, who made me promise that I would make sure I would provide you with your wolfsbane until she was able to make it for you once again," the werewolf sat there in amazement once more, reminded again within that day just why he loved that witch so damn much. "Did I ever tell you she's my mate?" Remus said so quietly that the potions master almost didn't catch it. "Your mate?" his attention was quickly back on to the man in front of him who simply sat in silence confirming with only a slight nod of his head. Becoming impatient waiting for more Snape found himself losing patience "When?" more silence "Lupin. When? When did you know?" he asked his irritation becoming apparent. He had heard before of Werewolves finding their mates, but it was also such a rare occurrence that there was very little known about it. In fact so little was known it was often thought of as a simple myth, what information was known stated that 'once mated they are bound together, in body, mind and soul' it seemed to be unwise to try and separate a mated Werewolf, the few books that had any knowledge often stated how they were highly aggressive, protective and dangerous if anything or anyone come in-between the two. The Claimed partner would often be branded with a mark of some sort among their person normally of a bite though not one to cause the transformation. The two of them would be able to feel one another's emotions on some level and long periods apart once mated was thought to be highly risky for both in the couple. "On the train our final year," he took a deep breath before continuing "It was three days before the moon and my senses were on high alert. The moment I stepped foot on that train I could smell her scent. It was nothing like I've ever experienced and at that moment I had an uncontrollable urge come over me, I had to find her. So I dragged the other three up the length of the train searching much to their confusion until I found her in that compartment with you," he gestured towards the man sitting in front of him in stunned silence "and then James and Sirius opened their traps," Snape snorted. "I have to admit, she was certainly not impressed with their first impressions," Severus shook his head with a slight smirk as he reminisced that memory "You didn't tell her did you?" his attention turning back to the man in front of his desk. "No, the thought of having to explain it to her was very daunting. I didn't want to scare her away," "You are aware that we are talking about Granger. I very much doubt you would have had to explain, no qualm in thinking that she's more than likely read about it already," the two men smirk knowing that this is more than likely true of the little bookworm. There was a moment of silence between the two men before Severus curiosity got the better of him once more. "How did you control yourself?" he began "I know you two were intimate how did you control the wolf from marking her?" the Werewolf at this moment was turning a lovely shade of pink much to the delight of the potion master. "As much as he and I wanted to we both knew she wouldn't truly be ours then, we knew to wait. The two of us have far more control then you would think," The men were interrupted by a soft knock at the door. "Come in," drawled Snape. "Professor, you wanted to see me?" the two men watch the Witch from their conversation walk into the room both trying to clear their mind of what they had just been talking about "Remus? What are you doing here?" she asks as she saw her former Professor sitting across from a man who she was most certain he didn't get along with. "Just picking up these" he says holding up the vial's that Snape had just handed him. "Of course, full moon in five days isn't it? But I thought Sirius brewed it for you?" "He does, but he's been a little distracted lately and buggered it up. So Professor Snape here was kind enough to supply with from his back up stash," "That was very kind of you Sir," Hermione said turning her attention towards her professor. "Hardly, considering I do not wish to endanger others so I would