Faramir studied the tapestry on the wall of the king's study as he waited. The scene depicted his ancestor Vorondil the Hunter slaying one of the wild oxen of Rhûn to claim one of its horns for the Great Horn of Gondor. Sometimes Faramir felt sympathy for the poor pale beast, but did this sympathy make him a traitor to his heritage, he wondered? Blinking to clear his daydream, Faramir returned his attention to his duties as Steward and the man sitting in front of him. Aragorn studied the sheet of parchment in front of him, dipped his quill in the inkpot, and signed it with a flourish: Elessar. He looked up at Faramir. "Are there any more documents to go over?" "No, sire," he replied. "Thank the Valar," the king replied. He carefully replaced his quill on the writing desk, and stoppered up the inkpot. He stood to go, and paused. "One last thing. How are the preparations for the wedding coming?" "Very well, sire." "I am glad to hear it. I trust in your abilities, my friend." The king clasped Faramir on the shoulder, and then left the room. Faramir sighed and thought of the day when he might be able to claim his own happiness with the White Lady of Rohan. He shook the last of the sand off the papers and put them back into the dispatch case. As he walked across the courtyard to the Steward's offices, he glanced at the sky. Not a cloud in sight. It was just before Midsummer, so no hope yet of a late summer afternoon thunderstorm. With one last look at the brilliant blue sky, he turned and went indoors. His Aunt Ivriniel was already seated at the long table in the center of the Council Room, studying a scroll on the table, while holding a bouquet of slips of parchment with names in one hand. Her dark hair streaked with silver was pulled up in elaborate braids on her head. She looked up, and he leaned over to kiss her cheek. "Good morning, Aunt." "Good morning, Nephew." They grinned at each other as Faramir seated himself at the other end of the table. He picked up his list of remaining tasks and sighed. He might be a leader of men, and master of harrying the Enemy, but arranging a seating chart for a banquet so that every noble had his proper place? Thank the Valar for his Aunt's help! Meanwhile, Ivriniel pursed her lips and rearranged some slips on the table. The morning passed quickly enough among reviewing plans for the rebuilt fortifications, dispatches from his scouts reporting stray bands of orcs to be hunted down, and tallies of the spring irrigation. A merchant from the guild of tinsmiths came, bringing a tinwork lamp as a gift for the new King and their future Queen. Faramir thanked the merchant on behalf of the King, and the man bowed and left the room. Faramir couldn't resist running his finger over the scalloped edge, and had to bite back an oath as one of the edges caught him. He whipped out his handkerchief and pressed it to his finger as he poked his head out of the Council Room door. The attending servant seemed surprised to see the King's Steward looking for a servant himself, instead of ringing for them properly. "Yes, sir?" he asked. Faramir handed the box to the servant. "Herengil, please see that the gift of the Tinsmiths' Guild is placed in the Great Hall to be displayed with the other gifts." Herengil bowed and set off with the box. Time passed, and the stack of items for his review began to shrink. The next report was an inventory of baked goods for the wedding feast. The visiting hobbits had insisted that the feast feature something called a "Cookie Table." Only hobbits could invent something like this, which was apparently a table of sweet biscuits and tarts and small cakes. And why did hobbits call them "cookies," when properly they should be called biscuits? Merry and Pippin had been detailed to instruct the palace kitchen staff in the recipes of all the cookies they could remember, with Sam's help when he felt he could leave Frodo. Faramir sighed as he read down the extensive list. He felt his chest tighten as if a fist were closing around his sternum as he thought of how many eggs and butter must go into the baked goods. By the time the sun had sunk low enough in the mid-afternoon sky to begin to shine directly in the window of the Council Room, Faramir was beginning to get a headache. There was yet another polite knock on the door, and Herengil entered. "Lord Rimush, the emissary from Rhûn," he announced. Protocol demanded that Faramir receive the emissary, but Ivriniel rushed forward, extending both hands to the young man. They greeted each other as the oldest of friends, and Ivriniel spoke to him in a flood of Rhûnaic. As best as Faramir could understand in the torrent of words, she was asking after his mother, and the price of wheat? Or was it farro? As Faramir politely remained standing, leaning on the back of the chair for support and waiting for their pleasantries to end and protocol to resume, Herengil tugged gently on Faramir's sleeve. "My lord Steward, the emissary brings with him a gift for the King as a token of Rhûn's gratitude for his mercy after war." Faramir nodded his head. "Put it in the Great Hall with the other wedding gifts." Herengil's eyes grew large. "My lord, are you sure? It is not…" Faramir cut him off with a wave of his free hand. "I said, put it in the Great Hall with all the other gifts. From now on, my standing order is to put all gifts in the Great Hall." Herengil's mouth went shut in a tight line. He bowed low, and left the room in silence. At the end of the day, when all the audiences were over and the last menu finalized, Ivriniel stood to go. "Until tomorrow then." He stood as she left the room, then sank back down in the chair with his head in his hands. He must have dozed off, because when he looked up again, the sun had shifted in the window casement again, casting longer shadows than before. He was just organizing his papers to leave to take his evening meal, when his cousin Lothíriel slipped in. "Cousin! What brings you here?" "I heard Mother say that the Belfalas pearl divers sent a casket of pearls for the King and Queen!" She smiled dreamily, as only a person in the vanity of youth could smile. "Then you heard correctly," he replied, trying to put the irrigation allotment parchments in the right order. Lothíriel swung herself up onto the table and sat perched on the edge, feet swinging beneath her. "I know you have a key to the Great Hall. Will you let me in to see all the gifts?" Faramir sighed. "Lothíriel, that would not be fair to everyone else in Minas Tirith who wants to see them. Should I make an exception for you, then what? Erchirion would want in, as well?" Lothíriel giggled. It was clear she was imagining her brother. "Erchirion would never be interested in all those pearls. He only cares for his ships and sails." She looked at Faramir from under her lashes, her pretty young face in a pout. "Please Faramir? I promise I won't tell anyone." By this point his head was pounding, and he feared his churning stomach would be no fit for the evening meal. "If I wait until everyone else sees it at the same time, there will be such a crush of people. I would have to hop up and down to see over anyone's shoulders, and it would be most undignified to elbow the Lord of Lebennin out of the way. Please?" Her voice curled up at the end at just the precise pitch to make his ear throb. He decided he might as well give in, just so he could go back to his room with a cold wet cloth on his forehead, hoping for a breeze. "If you put it that way," Faramir smiled wanly. He offered his good arm to his cousin. "Shall we?" They crossed the courtyard, and he used one of his ring of keys to open the door to the Great Hall. Faramir stepped to one side as he held the door open for her. "Oooooohhhhhh-wuh!" Lothíriel exclaimed as she rushed inside. Faramir wondered if that was the sound engendered by a particularly cute casket of pearls, or a mithril candelabra. The noise she made was usually reserved for kittens or small babies, amongst the few women of his acquaintance. He took a deep breath and followed her inside. There in the deepening shadows of early evening, as a beam of light slanted low across the hall, he saw Lothíriel kneeling on the floor, with her arms around the neck of a calf. A red, fluffy, Rhûnaic calf. Just like a smaller (and redder) version of the one in the tapestry. It was tied to a pillar next to the tables of wedding presents on one side of the hall, but it was clear by the way it was straining that it very much wanted access to the hobbits' cookie table. "Is it not simply the most adorable thing you have ever seen, Faramir?" Lothíriel asked, as she stroked its soft back. Faramir stared, mouth agape. His headache was forgotten. Cattle? In the Great Hall? He felt his way to a nearby bench, and slid down the wall until seated, his chin on his hand, staring at the calf. There was definitely a calf in the Great Hall. His father would have roared in anger at the disrespect shown to the seat of the Stewards of Gondor. He glanced at the empty Steward's Chair out of habit. And … was that … a dust bunny of red hair tumbling across the floor in the breeze of their arrival? Cattle, shedding in the Great Hall? A bark of laughter escaped him. Faramir supposed it could have been worse. How did the calf get to the Great Hall, though? Faramir thought back to the events of the day. The emissary from Rhûn must have brought the calf, but he could not even begin to imagine how it was brought to Minas Tirith. Was it brought by barge down the Anduin? In a caravan from the southern edge of the Sea of Rhûn? In the talons of a Great Eagle? Herengil, Faramir thought. Herengil had tried to warn him, and he had misunderstood. Faramir realized this was all his fault. He had snapped at Herengil, and had not given him a chance to explain. Next, Faramir concluded, he was going to have to get the calf out of the Great Hall and into the Royal Stables without anyone the wiser. He wondered if the cut of his Ranger cloak was generous enough to cover calves? "Can we keep him?" Lothíriel turned to Faramir and asked. "Moo," said the calf. There was only one thing for it. He had created this mess, he needed to get himself and the calf out of it. Finally, after so much paperwork of being a Steward, he had a campaign to win. The lure of a challenge began to loosen the tight feeling in his chest. His strategy was to remove the calf with no one (except Lothíriel and Herengil) the wiser. But what tactics could he use? Faramir took a few steps forward and glanced around the Great Hall. They would have to take it down the back stairs. "Lothíriel," he said. "I need your help. We must move this particular present before it creates any more havoc than shedding." She looked up from her new would-be pet.