Alright this is my first official Harry Potter fanfiction, so I apologize ahead of time if their dialogue doesn't sound very accurate, it's my first time writing in a British dialect. I would also like to warn people a head of time that this story is going to be rated M because of violence, and minor mentioning of rape. I will also probably make a few things graphic, so if you have a fear of gore than I would skip that part. Other than that, I do tend to write fluffy romance scenes. So I hope you enjoy Dramione as much I do. By the way this story had been Submitted into the NaNoWriMo contest. This chapter all on its own is 9288, I'll end up keeping track as I go into chapters. Summary: A new rule in the Ministry now requires that all Aurors have partners, the new rule causes Draco and Hermione to partner up. A new case now develops causing the two to put aside their difference and work together before more muggleborns turn up dead. Can the two get along and find that there suited for one another or will their partnership be short lived. Chapter One: Partners. A hazy fog had settled over the empty streets of Diagon Alley. Normally in the daytime these streets would be bustling with frantic shoppers and merchants, but tonight the streets lay vacant. Vendors and shops closed up tight for the night, their candles already doused causing the midnight shadows to loom over the alley ways and flood into the streets. The overcast sky only adding to the darkness of the vacant streets. Not a living soul to be seen tonight. All save for one. A young woman ran from street to street, darting through alley ways, cutting across streets. Her heels clicking, the sound bouncing of the walls echoing through the streets. She ran faster and faster, her heart beating so loudly it seemed to stay in tune to the sound of her heels. The woman was too frightened to look behind her, too focused on getting. All she could focus on was running and getting away. "Mobilicorpus." Her attacker shouted. Why wasn't her magic working?! She had tried to defend herself before she ran but nothing came out of her wand. None of the spells she used had work. What was going on? She turned down a side street hoping to find a place to hide and catch her breath. But the moment she reached the corner she felt her legs buckle up, and a rush of air. She had fallen face first into a puddle. The spell took effect, she felt as if thin wires had wound themselves over her neck, her wrist and her legs. Oh god, her mind cried, the tears burning her eyes. She craned her neck to look at the man who was now looming over her. She watched in her frozen state as the man bent down and picked up her wand. He then pointed at her with s sneer on his face. "Why are you doing this!" She shouted her fury mixing in with her words, "I don't even know you!" He only snickered at her and pointed the stolen wand at her, "Quietus." And with that any another words she had wanted to say caught in her throat. The man bent down over her, his pelvis pinning her to the ground and his legs tangling up on hers. Hot tears trickled down her cheeks as she felt the man's breath on her ear, "Are you the one?" His voice rasped. He pointed the wand at her once more, and placed his free hand on her breast, and the other he pointed the wand at her tear stained face. He laughed as the woman pleaded in her mind for help. "Cruico." Her silent pleas had gone unanswered that night. Today was going to be one of those days, Hermione Jean Granger decided the moment she woke up that morning. She had woken up exhausted and with a slight throbbing pain in her left temple. But that's what she got for staying up late researching. That hadn't been the only red flag she had received that day. During her morning shower she had realized too late that she had forgotten to buy the only conditioner that tamed her lion's mane of hair. She wasn't one that devoted time to making herself pretty. But she did try on her hair. Her hair always got in her way, when she cooked, when she read or when she was working on a case. It was definitely a problem. Nothing to be done about it now. Her mind sighed. She could pick up more later, nothing to get too upset over. On her way to the kitchen though, she had spotted a book on her floor that had been shredded into confetti. Crockshanks. Her mind hissed. Upon further investigation of the book she found that it had been one of the newer books she had just purchased. She bit the inside of her cheek to keep to stop a shout that rose to her lips. Well, he'll just have to go without supper tonight. She could just go and purchase another after work. She cleaned up the mess and had shot a glare over at the sleeping bundle of fur that had curled up on the couch. She sighed frustrated and headed to the kitchen. She had quickly made herself a light breakfast without burning anything, she was thankful that she hadn't been cursed with the same misfortune as she had earlier that morning. Her headache even seemed to be fading. Guess my luck is changing. She smiled as she gathered her files. She had only transferred to the auror department a few month ago. It had been a hard decision. She enjoyed her work and accomplishments in the department of Magical Creature and Elf Rights. But after doing all the goals she had tasked herself with she had begun to get bored with her job and had grown to miss the action and challenges she had faced when she had been younger. After much internal debate she had placed her request in and had been reassigned on the spot. Neville and Harry who both worked in the auror department had been trilled and congratulated her. Ron on the other hand had been less so. Since the fall of their relationship he had been distant and moody to anyone other than Harry and his family. Her relationship with Ron had been a sore topic since she had gone back to school, which he hadn't approved of. Right before she had announced that she had planned to return to Hogwarts. He had proposed to her. When she had turned him down, as gently as she could she told him that she hadn't been ready to settle down. He had understood she hadn't been ready, but what he hadn't understood was the fact she had wanted to return to finish her education. He had failed to see how important that had been too her. They had fought for hour. He had warned her that their time apart would cripple their already shaky relationship She had thought their partnership had been stronger than that. She had been proven wrong on that front. She had left for Hogwarts. They spent the first few months not speaking to one another. Hermione on her part had been too stubborn to be the one to apologize first. Maybe if she had things might have ended differently. But now she knew that had been a false hope she had clung to. She had gone to the burrow during Christmas Break. Everyone had greeted her warmly, all except for Ron. He had been distant, avoided her gaze. He didn't even embrace her. After a few days of that she had confronted him. At first he tried to brush her off, that he had been feeling under the weather and hadn't wanted her to catch it. They both knew that had been a lie. Some few words later he had confessed that he had cheated on her. It had been a one night stand. He said it meant nothing to him. He had gone on and on, about how lonely he had been while she had been gone. He apologized over and over. She had been furious with him, eventually she had calmed down and rationally thought about it. After a while of not speaking to him, she had forgave him and took him back. She had been wrong to do so. A year later, Hermione had graduated, (Head girl might she add), had gotten her job in the ministry and even acquired a cozy flat in muggle London. She had even considered taking Ron's marriage proposal up. But that had been before another one of his secrets revealed itself A woman had approached Ron and herself one day, the woman had been four month pregnant and had declared Ron had been the father. He had cheated on her again. There had been no excuses that time. She didn't buy into anything he said. She gave him no time to explain she just walked away and refused to even see him after that. It was what he deserved, she told herself. Harry who didn't know what had happened had tried to get her to speak with Ron, but she refused. After a bit, she had met with Ron privately. She told him they could never be what they had been, but she still wanted to try to be friends for the sake of not only the memory of their old friendship, but also for Harry who would be caught in the middle. She told him she forgave him which he returned with scorn. He blamed the whole thing on her, that if she hadn't gone away to school than he wouldn't have cheated. They had fought some more, but they had agreed on one thing. That Harry and everyone else could never know of the real reason they had separated. On her part she knew why Ron wanted to keep it a secret. She knew he didn't want to look like the bad guy, even though he had been. But on her part she knew that if Harry knew it would drive a wedge between her friendship with him. She knew even before that incident that Harry would always side with Ron, no matter what. They were best friends after all. She knew that he would always take Ron side over hers. She hadn't wanted to lose her friendship with him so she agreed to withhold the truth from him. Though everyone could see the tension between Ron and herself. It had been obvious. At first they had tried or at least she had to be civil with one another but it had been in vain. There had been too much bad blood between them. Harry had asked, so had Ginny and the rest of the Weasly's but they both had brushed it off, and eventually they stopped asking. There had been times where Harry and Ginny both had tried to convince them to get back together, those attempts had stopped after a while as well. The three; Ron, Harry and Hermione hadn't hung out all together after that. She knew Harry had been disappointed but it became too painful to be around Ron and his snarky curt remarks towards her. Eventually she had distances herself from the two and had immersed herself with her work. Passing up times to be around the two claiming she had been too busy with her paperwork. Then she had switched departments. Every now and then she would be invited to lunch with the two of them, on most days she would claim she had too much work other days it couldn't be avoided. She felt guilty for ignoring Harry. On those days Harry had seemed happy, talking about