September 2044 Severus Spinner's End Cokeworth, Midlands "I don't know what you're up to, but I already know that I will not like it." I looked over the top of my reading glasses at the man in front of me. I almost thought young man out of habit. Neither of us are young anymore, but somehow as we get older the age difference doesn't seem so far. "What makes you think I'm up to something?" He looked at me innocently. "I don't know who you think you're fooling, but it isn't me." I crossed my arms at him and prepared myself for the worst. "We need help with the blood replenishment potion," he admitted. "And?" "And I got some." He winced as if he expected a tirade, but at this point our advisor was dead and our problems were growing. "We agreed no outsiders." I frowned. I hoped he was discreet, at least. "She's just a consult," he said quickly. "She?" I felt my hackles rising. "Not like that," he blustered. "But… she has been a great deal of help since Harry… passed on." "Hermione Granger-Weasley?!" I thundered. "Oh, shut up, Severus. She's the best. And you know she'll tell no one." He threw me a dirty look. I growled at him, but he was right. I hadn't seen the girl in years, but… well, she's hardly a girl now, is she? It's been nearly forty years since the Battle of Hogwarts. She had been Minister of Magic long enough to retire for Merlin's sake! "I would disagree, but I'm just too tired." I closed the black journal I had been writing in and threw my quill down on the desk. I glared at the small bottle of blue potion. It was supposed to be red. "We need a new set of eyes. Tell her to meet me at the Three Broomsticks tomorrow at seven. I'll bring the journal." He laughed at me. "She might have things to do. She has a life." I blinked my dry eyes in the hopes to rejuvenate them, but it made me realize how tired I really was. "Glad to hear someone does." Severus Three Broomsticks London "I didn't know if you'd come." I didn't expect to be so unbalanced by her arrival." "To tell you the truth, neither did I." She examined me. "Let's have a see." I held out the journal for her, but she looked at it and snorted. "Sit." I can't tell you why I did. She was older, but her eyes were the same. Her hair had gone silver, but it was still a mass of curls. She had a grim, determined air of authority around her. She had gone up against far more than a strict teacher and won, and the look of disdain on her face showed it. I unbuttoned my collar for her. I pulled it aside, and she sucked in a breath. I expected her to be shocked, but she was angry. "You stupid boy!" she growled. I knew I still looked young, but that was uncalled for. She leapt to her feet and grabbed my hand, pulling me over to the fireplace. I had just enough time to grab the journal before she was in the hearth and throwing Floo powder. I didn't even hear her say our destination before we spiralled through the unknown. Severus Draco and Harry's House Burford, Oxfordshire " DRACO LUCIUS MALFOY !" Her voice thundered in my ears as we halted. She pulled me out and looked around at the empty room. The cottage that Draco and Harry had shared until Harry's demise was littered with boxes, half-packed with pictures and knickknacks. It was apparent that Draco was throwing himself into reorganizing the house and I felt a pang of sympathy. There was a crash and the sound of water stopping from somewhere down a hallway. "Mum?!" "You'll wish it was your mother when I'm done with you!" she bellowed. A muffled swear and some shuffling happened before Draco appeared with a towel wrapped around his waist and his wet hair dripping onto his shoulders. "What is wrong with you?" "What's wrong with me?! He's infected, you idiot! No wonder your potions aren't working! The base is tainted! What were you thinking?!" Her voice was at full volume now. At least Draco had the decency to wince. "I didn't know undead got infections." He flinched as if he'd expected her to throw something at him. She didn't disappoint. "He's! Not! Undead!" she scolded him as she beat at him with a pillow she had picked up from an armchair. "He's just got a magical injury that's effecting his biology, you nit!" "Well, that's what you're here for, isn't it?" he protested as he lost the towel with one last boff with the pillow. He screeched in surprise and snatched it off the floor before wrapping it around his middle again. He stood up and scowled at her. "No one's seen damage like this before, except maybe you." "And everyone that knows Harry," she said exasperatedly. "It's like his scar, but on an enormous level!" "Are you serious?" Draco was flabbergasted. He scuttled over and poked at my collar. I slapped his hand away. "—and it's not like it's just a scratch on his forehead, it's a pair of great bloody holes in his neck — " she continued as if Draco had never spoken. "There are more," I interrupted. "There are. Why not?" She was irritated. "Well then. Let's see." I put a hand on my chest and turned a shoulder to her in response. She snorted at my scowl. "It's not the time to play the shy maiden. We've already seen Draco's bits. Let's see you with your shirt off," she ordered. "When did you get this bossy?" I groused. "I assure you, she's always been this bossy," Draco grumbled as he retreated down the hall. "I'm finding a pair of trousers." "You do that," Hermione said absently as she crossed her arms at me. "Either you do it or I do it, and you won't like it if I do it." "I will not be treated like an animal!" I thundered. She didn't so much as flinch. She raised one eyebrow. Of all the nerve. I grumbled and turned around. I threw my outer robes off and unbuttoned my vest. To her credit, she poked around in the boxes and didn't watch as I stripped to the waist. When she turned around her face was stricken. Her eyes roamed over me and I tried not to react. "Dear Merlin, you're a mess." "Oh, well. Thank you for that," I said irritated. "I would have never known without your expertise." "I did not understand it was this extensive. How are you still alive?" She reached out a hand to touch my shoulder and goose pimples rose when she did. "Luck." "Had to have been more than that." "A decent amount of help from Horace." "Ah. Poor Horace. I didn't see you at the funeral." She straightened up and pursed her lips at my wounds. "I'm surprised you picked out anyone at his funeral. Half of bloody wizardkind was there." "You're right. Took me twenty minutes to find my name on the seating chart." She blinked away tears. "I found my name, but never found my seat. Ended up standing in the back," I admitted. "You should have sat with us." "I should have." I tried to shake off the feeling that was creeping up from my stomach. "I'll remember at the next one. Thank you." She turned around to glare at me. "Get as mad as you want. We're not getting any younger and I'd like to hope the next to go isn't presently in this house." I wasn't in the mood, either. "How did we get this old?" I don't think she expected me to answer. I barked out a laugh. "We spent our lives trying to solve other people's problems, and by the time we sorted them out we looked around and the world had shuffled by." She wiped her eyes, sniffed, shook her curls and composed herself. Draco walked back into the parlor wearing a pair of baggy grey trousers and buttoning up a wrinkled white shirt. "Oh, honestly!" Hermione waved a wand at him and the shirt was crisp and starched, and the trousers tailored. "You'd think you could dress yourself by now." He shrugged. "Not any point anymore." I snapped at him. "Yes, you are hurt. It hurts. This isn't your first time, Draco. You can't just stop being ." "At least last time we had warning. Scorpius had time to say goodbye to his mother. I had time…" He looked into the distance and snapped back to himself. "She was sick. She didn't blow herself up trying to show off for the young Aurors like a great bloody idiot." "You know it's how he'd have wanted to go." Hermione assured him. "Quick and going 'oops.'" Draco inclined his head in agreement. "We should all be so lucky." "Why are you packing?" I asked as I peered into a box. "You can't be moving again." "Oh, the kids wanted things so I'm sending them out. Made copies of the pictures for an album, but some of these knickknacks will never be missed, I assure you." Draco considered a box and sniffed. "Also, it was enormous trouble to install the hot spring in the backyard. I'm not going anywhere." I choked back a laugh. Once a Malfoy, always a Malfoy. Hermione peered into a box. "Hey, I gave you those candlesticks for your wedding!" "They're hideous!" "That was the point!" She looked far too amused at his dismay. I choked back a laugh. "Well, Rose loves them and they go with that new chandelier they put in," Draco pointed out. "Hmmm. I suppose they do." She seemed to reconsider. "Can I put my shirt back on?" I asked. "Absolutely not!" Hermione said firmly. "Draco, come look at this. And start a fire, the poor man is shivering." "It's a side effect of the poison." I hated giving out information to anyone. Knowledge is weakness. "No, it's not." She shook her head. "You're producing adrenaline. I'm surprised you haven't had a heart attack. Unless…" Her whole face changed. She looked at Draco and then back at me. "It's impossible…" She took a step back. Her eyes dotted over my entire body. "She did it. She did it to you, too. But he wasn't there, was he? So, you were just dormant and waiting… Lily's magic didn't touch just Harry. It went to family. It's why Harry had to live with the Dursleys-" Hermione muttered to herself. "We weren't family," I said coldly. "Her soul seemed to think so." She reached out to touch me and I dodged. "I will not believe she died for me to live!" I felt anger rising, but it didn't take the edge off the guilt that was flooding through me. "She didn't mean to," Hermione said flatly. "Don't flatter yourself." "What's going on?" Draco demanded. "He's a horcrux. He's his own horcrux." She looked baffled. "He's always teetering between life and death because he's frozen in time-ish. It's why he isn't aging right." "That's impossible." "After Voldemort knew his other horcruxes were gone he tried to make more." Draco swore. "Tried and failed," Hermione reminded him. "It's why he died. He must have known something had gone wrong." "Well, it went right for you." Draco nodded in my direction. "Did it?" I felt my lip twitch. "My whole bloody life laid bare for the public to dissect— " "Poor you," Hermione snapped. "If it wasn't for you Harry wouldn't have had his whole life laid bare and his children would have two sets of grandparents. He'd be able to go outside like a normal person and not be mobbed by fans. He wouldn't have had to grow up with those