So, hello! This is an idea I've had since the House of Hades, and I've finally come to the end of it, to realize how I could structure it. Thanks for even clicking on the title! "Euphoria is a feeling of extreme happiness –" " Euphoriiiiiiiiiiiaaaaaaaaa! Together 'til the end, of, time! " sang Andromeda, her pitch way too high and her voice way too bad. "Shut up," Indie growled, pushing her blonde hair back, "I need to get his straight," she cleared her throat, leaning her head against her hand, and started again "Euphoria is a feeling of extreme happiness. Period," she glanced around, "I feel euphoric some –Oh, who am I kidding?" she groaned and slumped in her chair. Indie laughed, dropping her books on the table, "You should have used a less complicated feeling," she looked at her in the eyes, "Like Love," The blonde raised her eyebrows, "Yeah, right. Love is never easy. That's the one thing I've learned living with you," "Excuse me," Andromeda pouted, "Granddaughters of Aphrodite are not liars. Beautiful people never lie," "Uh-huh." responded Indie, shaking her head, "Let's just get the pizza and I can finish my stupid essay later. Like, what the hades? I pick the one stupid emotion that has a fucking song about it!" "Well, you are a descendant of Apollo, so…" A legacy had never glared so hard. Thirty minutes later, they had a pizza between them to make them less hostile. "So," Indie happily said, "Speaking of love…how's your crush on Melanie going?" Andromeda blushed, feeling stupid. She'd had this crush on this cute girl called Melanie, who was a legacy of Ceres. She'd been teased endlessly about it by Indie, who just could not seem to get it that she did not want the whole Camp to know she was bi. Sure, the whole Camp was now 'gay yeah gay' but she didn't trust it for a second. She'd lived in Camp Jupiter because her mom had wanted it for her, even though she had wanted to live in Camp Half-Blood. They were more accepting there, and she'd learned the hard way that coming out meant no friends. Of course, Indie thought, Andromeda was pretty thick. With her lush black hair and perfect violet eyes, the girl was gorgeous enough. If Indie herself swung that way, she'd date her in a heartbeat. The deep, honest, determined personality was a plus too. "It's not going anywhere," Andromeda hissed, "Now, if you could stop talking…" Silence. There was only one pizza slice left. The moment of truth. Both girls stared at it, hungry, wild, like beasts, their fighting instincts kicking in. "It'll go straight to your hips," Indie raised an eyebrow, "It'll go straight to your butt," They both lunged for the one slice left, years of training kicking in, but before they could fight over it, a guy suddenly materialized on top of the pizza. Indie and Andromeda had been trained for years in demigod camps. When a boy suddenly appeared, however unexpected and unreal it seemed, he was either a monster or something else. They decided not to take any chances. Before the dark eyed, black haired teenager could blink, two knifes were at his throat. "Who are you?" Andromeda interrogated, eyes narrowed, her stance wide and strong. "Um, demigods?" the teen asked, rubbing his eyes, as if he was tired. "You don't need to know the answer," Indie warned, but she didn't sound nearly as threatening. She sucked at this. Andromeda was so much better at inspiring fear. She just liked writing. "Nico di Angelo, son of Hades," the boy offered with a hesitant smile. "Now, I just accidentally shadow-traveled here, so if you don't mind, could I get off your table?" … After the demigod had explained that yes, he was Percy Jackson's cousin and no, he wasn't a monster in disguise, the two friends managed to get him off the table. "You destroyed our last pizza slice," Indie joked, "So you better have a good reason for being here." "Should've thought it better," Andromeda raised a questioning eyebrow. Nico sighed, "I was escaping from a monster in Las Vegas," "Then how did you end up in Washington?" Indie asked, intrigued. He sat on the couch, a bit tired from the effort of shadow-travelling, and shook his head, "I don't know. Happens sometimes." The legacy of Aphrodite smirked and played with her knife, "Hmm. The legendary son of Hades, losing his shit and shadow-travelling to our apartment. Indie, what should we do with him?" The girl shrugged, but then she gaped at her, "No way." Andromeda smiled widely. "What?" the seventeen year old asked. "What are you going to do to me?" Andromeda smiled, "We're going to make you pay," "With a secret," Indie added, looking slightly embarrassed, but thrilled all the same. "A secret?" he looked confused, but nervous, too. He stood up and bit his lip, "What do you mean, make me pay with a secret?" "Exactly that," Indie's voice was apologetic, and Andromeda was barely containing her laugh, "When people bother us, they have to tell a secret, and we let them go. No hard feelings; nothing. Just a secret," He stared at them, "You're crazy," "Or," Andromeda raised her eyebrows, "you could disrupt our home, make us show ourselves though we have mortal neighbors, and give us nothing in return but insults." Nico sighed, "Isn't there anything else you'd want?" "I know it seems mean, but it's actually very therapeutic," Indie explained, "It's actually how I became best friends with Andromeda. It's nice to share secrets, Nico di Angelo. Sometimes it's great to do so with strangers." Nico di Angelo hesitated, and then his expression seemed to crumble, as if thinking ' what the heck, I don't really care' , and he said, "I have a crush on a guy, and he doesn't like me back." There was a wince an instant later, as if he couldn't quite believe he'd said it, and Andromeda gaped, "Um, okay. Maybe you shouldn't have told us that , specifically, but well." Indie ignored her, "What's his name? Don't worry, we're not homophobic," "Our OTP is Destiel!" smiled the legacy of Aphrodite, "Not Wincest for us. Uh-uh." Nico seemed lost at that, but then, demigods weren't usually around the Internet, and even less time watching TV shows about angels and demon hunters, so… He just smiled, "Yeah. I think that's all you're getting from me. Thank you, I'm leaving," Just before he could go, Andromeda cried out, "Is it Jason Grace?" He froze, and his face was covered with horror, " Gods , no," "Frank Zhang?" She received a shudder. "Um, I don't know. Grover Underwood?" Nico seemed ready to kill her. Indie laughed, "Oi, Andy, stop being so rude," "Percy Jackson?" For a second, Nico's expression froze, and then it acquire a shade of disgust, but both legacies gaped. "No way! Percy ? Oh my, the whole camp ships him with Annabeth Chase!" "Ships?" the poor son of Hades. Devoid of pairings. What a sad life. "Andromeda," Indie scolded her, "Sorry, Nico. Andy likes to search around the Internet, and sometimes she's just plain strange. And we're not telling anyone, believe me," He seemed hopeless, "Great. Now the minute I'm out of this door you'll be spreading the news. Gosh, it's just a crush . Don't look so excited about it. And anyway, it doesn't matter ," Andy opened her mouth, smirking, and then closed it, looking distant. When she finally spoke, Indie was on the edge of her seat, fearing the words she would utter. "I hate it how they make the Camp seem so open to homosexuals and all that shit, but in reality most of them are dicks. Don't you think so? And the Aphrodite community absolutely detests someone who likes people who are already in a relationship. Oh, is it a crime ? I mean, I can't control my own fucking emotions, thank you, though I do have some dignity. I'll keep it to myself, but don't bitch about it," Nico seemed a bit softer at that, more open, and Indie was on the verge of hugging her friend. Yes. This is what she'd been waiting for, months and months. Finally she admitted her feelings and her doubts about Camp. "Yeah. It's pretty freaking horrible, actually," he sat back down, "Doesn't mean I trust you now." "Nico, don't worry," Indie said, "We're legacies. We're used to being looked down, 'cause we're not demigods. We aren't going to judge you if you like somebody, especially the ever hot Percy Jackson. I mean, even if you aren't gay, or if you're a lesbian, who doesn't like that guy?" Nico cracked a smile at that, though it was a small one, that disappeared soon. "Well, thanks for being so understanding and all, but I've got to go," "Oh don't give us that," Andromeda said, sounding impatient, "Indie's lived in Camp Half-Blood since she was thirteen, and she left a year ago. How come she didn't recognize you?" "It's because I don't frequent the place," he said, defensive. "Why? Camp's the best place on Earth, especially after the Romans came and gave us two different life styles to follow." Indie was puzzled "Difficulties," he said, his voice cold. "Well, do you want a coffee?" Andromeda asked sweetly "No," he answered, and disappeared as quickly as he'd come. The two girls just looked at each other, shrugged, and proceeded to analyze every aspect of the meeting while sometimes laughing. … It was three days later when Nico di Angelo knocked on their door. "It's you," Indie said, her blue eyes bright. "Come in," The teen awkwardly entered the flat, and Andromeda waved and smiled, her posture relaxed as she curled up in the sofa, "Hey. We're watching a Sherlock marathon," she winced, "Well, it's only got six episodes, but they're long enough. And the guy could be a son of Athena. He's so freaking smart." The legacy of Apollo looked apologetic when Nico turned to her, confused, "She's obsessed with TV shows, and she's got in in her head that the Sherlock theme song is the best thing since Melanie Stryde." Blushing, Andromeda threw Indie a pillow, but Nico smiled, "Yeah. Well, can I, uh, crash with you? I mean, I just needed a place to go," "Sure." The two legacies nodded, inviting and nice as always, and the son of Hades hesitantly sat on the couch, "But the marathon's still on," After two hours of Indie marveling at how beautiful the scenes were filmed, shrieking with delight at 'the bed thing', as she called it, and Andromeda insisting that yes, John Watson was indeed gay, Nico was hooked. "I knew you'd find it interesting," said the legacy of Aphrodite with a smirk, "And the subtext is clear." "But what about Irene Ad –?" "Doesn't matter ," she hissed, and Indie bit her lip, but he could see the laughter in her eyes. The teen checked his watch, the only mortal thing he owned, and frowned, "I've got to go. My father will be searching for me. Just...Don't put the next one without me," "Oh, honey," Andromeda teased, "We'll be watching Hannibal by the time you're back." With a smile, and feeling a lot more cheerful, Nico disappeared. … It became kind of a thing. The legacies weren't friends, not like the Seven had been, but they were more than just strangers. Occasionally, maybe once a week, he'd appear on their flat, and Andromeda would be obsessing over some TV show, while Indie would be writing one of the hundred essays her creative writing teacher gave her. Sometimes, he'd catch them reading 'fanfiction', some kind of weird writing which involved characters from shows, mostly just 'Supernatural' and 'Sherlock', and they'd smile at him. That week, the son of Hades appeared and found Andromeda crying. He forgot his hesitance, his awkwardness, and moved to