A/N: This story is a sequel to WJATO: The Queen's Hero. You will probably need to have read that story in order to understand this story. This is the second installment in the Winston Jackson and the Olympians (WJATO) trilogy. Thank you in advance for reading and reviewing. The Story "An Immortal's Death" is a prologue to this story. It is not necessary to read that before reading this story, but it may help keep you from getting confused in the early going. As with The Queen's Hero , I am operating in the alternate universe where there is no Heroes of Olympus series. I will use some of my favorite characters from that series, but the Roman camp, Jason and his friends and the events of that series do not exist. This alternate universe also assumes that the Great Prophecy mentioned at the end of the PJO series did not get prophesied, seeing as I have my own Great Prophecy for this trilogy. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians (PJO), the song "I'm My Own Grandpa," Google, or Shane Ever Collins (a character from another fan fiction by Mrs. D Criss, used with permission). Chapter 1: Nico Ruins Thanksgiving Dinner The Holidays are a time of joyful embrace between family members who have long since been separated by miles and years. It is a time to get together and celebrate family; putting aside those long-standing differences that divide so many families; a time to embrace that, which unites us all. Or at least that's what I'm told. Unfortunately, I'm a demigod. That's right, I said demigod. Now, I know what you're thinking, that means I'm a son of a god. Let me assure you, that's not the case: it's worse than that. You see my father is the great Percy Jackson, a son of the Greek god Poseidon. You may remember him for his awesome defeat of Kronos a few years ago, or maybe you just remember him for blowing up Mount St. Helens…again. My mother is Annabeth Jackson, a daughter of the Greek goddess Athena. She was the brains of the operation that saved the world way back when. That makes the gods my grandparents. However, when I was a baby, my mother dedicated me to Hera in order to avoid an Olympic-sized conflict over me (and, I think, to make up for some choice words Mom had used in her youth). Anyway, that made me Hera's property of sorts, and eventually Hera, Athena's mom, adopted me. So, in other words, my maternal grandmother's mom is therefore my great grandmother but also my mother and great aunt (on my Dad's side). Got it? Neither do I. I've been told I'm my own grandpa. What I do understand is that I have been gifted with the powers of Hera, making me the world's first actual Supermom. Now I know that sounds really lame and all, and I'll admit, I'd like a few more flashy powers. I mean who wouldn't like to be able to call down a bolt of lightning at will? But Hera can be flashy in her own right. In fact I have the ability to - well, we'll get to that later. Oh, right, a little more about me. I'm 5 foot 2, scrawny but pure muscle and losing some baby fat. I have my father's (and grandfather's) jet-black hair but my eyes are the light gold of Hera. And I am always wearing my Orange camp half-blood t-shirt and blue jeans ever since I gained the right to do so. The real story begins on Thanksgiving at Camp Half-Blood. Camp Half-Blood is the only safe place in the world for half-bloods. It is protected by a magical boundary that keeps all monsters and certain gods out unless invited. We have an archery arena, a cabin to represent every Olympian god and all the minor gods and goddesses who have claimed children. We also have a horse stable, a lake, and a large swath of woods. Just like any other youth camp. Only, our horse stable has pegasusi, our forest has monsters, our lake has dryads and nymphs. And did I mention we also have a chariot racing track, an armory with real, deadly weapons and a climbing wall that throws lava at us. At the center of the camp are the Big House and the dining pavilion. The Big House is a two story house which is bright orange and has a large, wrap around porch with plenty of lounging chairs and a table where the director and activities coordinator often play pinochle (extra points if you know what pinochle is without googling it). The house also has an attic where our oracle used to "live" and where we all store our unwanted quest trophies. Our oracle now has a small cave on the edge of the camp while she is here, but she has a life outside of the camp too: she's the Mayor of New York City. But this was Thanksgiving Day, so the activity in the camp was centered around the Dining Pavilion, a huge concrete slab ringed by Greek style columns. There's no roof because the weather is always good at Camp Half-Blood: the storm spirits can't enter. The wood nymphs had cooked a massive meal with enough turkey to feed an army (or at least Ares), green bean casserole, potatoes cooked seven different ways, cranberry sauce, toast, rolls, pumpkin bread and several vegetables that I didn't know the name for. And then there was a second table. Enjoying the feast were the eleven campers who stay year-round (rather than attending mortal schools), the camp teachers (Chiron as well as my mother and father who stay in the Hera cabin year round), me (home on Thanksgiving Break), and five gods: Zeus, Hera, Apollo, Hermes and our Director Dionysus (who makes it a REAL party). Normally Hades takes the opportunity to commune with his brothers off of Olympus (plus he brings actual Pilgrims!) but he was nowhere to be found. Poseidon was also absent, but he was dealing with an oil spill in the Upper Atlantic. Also Hestia was present, but she was tending the Hearth. I went and filled my plate, making sure to head to the Hearth to sacrifice to a god. I decided to sacrifice to Zeus today because he was here and could zap me if I didn't. I didn't think Hera would mind, but I threw a second portion in for her. Finally I sat down at the one long table set up in the middle of the pavilion. My father sat down right next to me. "Hey, how's the year going?" he asked. "Well, you know," I said. "Good I guess." "Anything special going on?" he asked. "Special?" I asked as Hera sat down across from me. My mother, who had been headed towards us, decided to sit on the end of the table, by Hermes. "You know what I mean," Dad said. "Sorry, no I don't," I said. "Oh, yes you do," Hera said. "You're getting closer to my territory." "Your territory?" I asked. "First comes Aphrodite, then comes Hera..." "Okay, okay," I said blushing. "So Airiana and I went on some dates in November." "Dates huh?" Dad said, smiling and winking at me. Perhaps I should say a little about Airiana. Airiana Wilson is the most beautiful person on the planet (although I'd tell Aphrodite she is more beautiful if I was talking to her). My father and I rescued her from a manticore attack last summer and I took a liking to her immediately. Since my god-parent (a phrase which has a whole other meaning as a demigod) is the goddess of marriage I think it is a soul mate thing. She doesn't always agree. She has grown a little over the course of the year, but she's still close to my height, slender but natural-looking overall build. She has soil brown eyes and flowing, auburn hair that has been known to change shades of red with the seasons. She is the daughter of Persephone, goddess of vegetation and Queen of the Underworld so she has mood swings with the seasons. But it's not what I expected: she actually gets much happier when her mother goes to the Underworld. Persephone has begun to be happy recently to get out of Demeter's grip for those months so I guess that makes sense. "And what dates they were too," Mr. D. said, taking up a seat next to me. I scooted closer to Dad. "Great stuff kid, if I do say so myself." There are points in this world where you are just plain grossed out, and realizing that one of these gods can see you at all times, particularly the private times is one of those points. Especially Mr. D. "That's my boy," Dad said, winking at Hera while biting a turkey leg. "I do not know what old Seaweed sees in you," Hera said to him. "If Poseidon didn't like you, I'd turn you into a cow, kill you and make a shish-ca-bob." "It's the family resemblance," Mr. D. said. Dad just nudged me. "So, how are the renovations going on Olympus," Dad asked. My mother is the official architect of Olympus. She was hired by the gods to repair the mountain city after the Second Titan War, during which my father feebly fought Kronos while he destroyed the city. Technically, she was done 15 years ago, but each of the gods has had her busy renovating their temples. She doesn't mind though. I'm pretty sure that when she dies, she'll be sent back to Olympus to keep working and they'll call it Elysium. "Well, your wife needs to get over to my temple eventually," Hera began, "I've got this really great idea for the fountain out-" She was cut off suddenly by a ripping and tearing noise from the cabin area. Everyone looked out, but all we could see was an encroaching cloud of dust. Then everyone gasped. A man was stumbling out of the cloud. He was wearing a black leather jacket and black jeans with black shoes. He had black, spiked hair that was unusually untidy. His clothes were ripped and stained with blood, both dried and fresh. He ran from the cloud and tripped, bouncing back up in no time at all and continuing to run in our direction. That was when I saw the sword. It was drawn and jet black Stygian Iron with silver ingrained. The sword belonged to Nico Di Angelo. And whatever was making him run that scared could not be good at all. I bounced from my seat and reached into my pocket. My own weapon, Sabertooth , was made from Celestial Bronze. It was actually two weapons. I carried it around in the form of a toothpick of bronze, but if I turn it in my hand it becomes a gladius: a two and a half foot double-edged blade of monster fighting machine. If I throw the toothpick instead, it grows to a four-foot long javelin. Too bad it's difficult to aim. I was soon flanked by my father and mother. My father pulled a ballpoint pen from his pocket and uncapped it; turning it into his sword Riptide ,which was a three and a half foot Celestial Bronze sword engraved with rolling tides. My mother pulled a small Celestial Bronze knife. In case you're wondering, Celestial Bronze is one of the few metals that can hurt monsters. Stygian Iron is another. I saw a handsome little 10-year-old son of Zeus named Jet Richards set up on the far edge and knock an arrow. He looked to me like he was waiting for instructions. I also heard Jim Davis, head of the Ares Cabin, begin to take charge of the other campers. He knew better than to mess with the Jacksons though. A shape emerged from the dust cloud