Author's Preface This story began – and still is – a birthday present for the wonderful Scribe of Red, who is putting countless hours and a lot of patience into the editing of "A distant Light" (and yes, it will take a good while until I can post that!). I really admire how much patience she has for my spelling, my sentence structure and my often not-understanding the modern writing concept. Anyway, she asked for a story where Boromir and Shakurán are forced to work together for more than 5 minutes. *grins* Well, I hunkered down and wrote a story for her – and the wonderful person that she is, she put a lot of additional time into improving it, to the form you see here now. That I am posting this now and not later is mainly because when I write "Heart of the Journey" I find myself referencing events in this story. (The several-times mentioned Corsair event for one.) So, this story is part of "The Raven's Blade" and would fit into that timeline in the last part of "The Twilight Years", after "Blood on Cold Stones" and before "Say goodbye to your brothers." I really can't claim to be the sole author of this story any more – Scribe of Red put lots of work, effort, corrections and suggestions into it, without her this story wouldn't be what it is. So let me loudly say 'Thank you' and hug Scribe of Red quite publically. You absolutely rock, my friend! Thank you Valandhir PS. While this story can be read as a standalone, many smaller details, especially pertaining Shakurán and his background will only make sense if the Reader knows "The Raven's Blade". At the edge of the world Bay of Belfalas, June 3016 TA Another wave rose nearly to the bow of the Sealion , crushing against the mighty wooden body of the ship, white foam spraying over the deck. Boromir raised his arm to shield against the repeated spray, and then grabbed the salt-smoothed railing as the deck rolled heavily under his boots. A few steps away, Veryan chuckled, but he had the sense to look chastised swiftly when Boromir shot him a glare. "How much further out is it?" Boromir asked, to distract himself from the rolling planks and the perpetual fine spray of sea foam raining down on them. After days in the perpetual Eastern gale, he began to feel like the sense of nausea was retreating to just a dull discomfort whenever a particularly rough wave raised the ship's bow. How Veryan could be so relaxed was beyond him; he even seemed to enjoy the long journey on the ships. "Not much further – an hour, two at the most and we should see the island," he replied, his eyes going to the sun and back to the sea, as though reading the ship's position by them alone. Boromir knew Veryan could navigate when the stars were in skies – he had done so on each of the sixteen previous evenings, to ascertain they still were their course – and while this was an ability beyond Boromir, he knew how to add up the distances Veryan gave him each evening. "The island's positions places it very close to the forbidden seas." Boromir was not sure what made him more uncomfortable: the ship rolling in the early summer gale, being so far off any shore, or the eerie proximity of the line on the map that Elendil had drawn and made an unalterable limit to all sailors. To this day, the seas beyond were considered forbidden, albeit the death penalty for those daring to cross that line had been abolished by the last King of Gondor more than 900 years ago. Scholars and sailors alike had wondered why Elendil would pass such a law in the first place, and why it had been upheld so strictly for that many generations. Boromir hardly wasted time on such riddles. The fact remained that Elendil had seen some kind of danger that had caused him to create such a law, and while it was old and abandoned, Boromir could not repress the nagging unease rising inside him. The closer they came to the line, the more restless he felt, like there was something – a danger, a shadow, nothing more – looming ahead of them, though he was trying to tell himself that he simply disliked ships, even one as magnificent as the Sealion . "Aye, though Elendil's line is another day's worth of sailing west of us." Veryan stood leaning against the main mast, one foot raised and set against the mighty wooden beam, the other firmly planted on the deck. He had no problems keeping his balance that way, even when the wind rocked the ship strongly and pulled on his wild black hair. "Approaching the line is something you feel, Boromir – the sea is much more restless there and the perpetual gale from the west makes maneuvering much harder. I doubt even our friends in Umbar would dare to go that close." And that was the true reason they were here, more than two weeks' worth of strong sailing out from Gondor's coast, Boromir mused: The reports about a new island fortress of the Corsairs, a hideout from which they were encroaching on Gondor's shipping lines. The navigation logs from the Corsair ship sunken only a few miles off the coast of Dol Amroth had provided them with the navigational instructions that would lead a ship to a hidden Corsair port. It was not complete and lacked some details, but it was at least enough of a clue to try to find the raider's latest hideout. Yet, Veryan's words drew his attention into another direction. "How do you know?" he asked, crossing his arms. "Have you ever been there?" He tilted his head left, towards the western seas, the ever stretching waters that reached to the horizon, and a small voice inside him whispered that Elendil might have passed the law for that reason so no one could try to sail there, dooming Arda like Númenor had been doomed. Veryan gave up on his relaxed pose and walked up to Boromir, who still leaned against the railing near the bow. "I came within two hours of Elendil's line when Stormrunner was caught in that tempest ten years ago." Earnest blue eyes held Boromir's gaze, and he saw in Veryan's open expression that his friend wanted to reassure him that he had not by free will flaunted a law Elendil himself had written. " Stormrunner was a windracer, a tall ship, relying on sails only with no oars to make use of. We ran fifteen days before the storm before we lost the first mast and the gale only turned the opposite direction when we came within the reach of Elendil's line." "I remember, Veryan; you were half dead by the time Stormrunner made it back to Tolfalas," Boromir said, lightly clasping the other man's shoulder. "And still I'd wish we were not so close to the forbidden seas nor that those black clouds were gathering to the east." Veryan's eyes followed to the direction Boromir pointed. A wisp of clouds had slowly grown during the last hours and now was a ring of black clouds framed by silver light. Boromir saw how Veryan stepped away from the mast and peered up towards the swiftly darkening horizon. He did not like it either, that much was clear by the way his jaw set. "Once we reach the island, we can get under land and wait the storm out," Veryan said his eyes narrowing as he studied the clouds. "I'll speak to Captain Dyrnárn to change course West to bring us in on the off side of the island." Less than a minute after the galley began to roll and shudder as the bow broke through ever-growing waves, Shakurán heard the drum above deck that directed the rowers raise speed – the captain was trying to steady the ship through excessive use of the oars. Leaning against one of the rough beams propping up the low ceiling of the slave hold, Shakurán was careful to keep his shackled right arm immobile; one hard tug on the chain would ruin the façade. The restrains were primitive as it was: a simple manacle at the wrist connected to a chain that ran to an iron ring embedded in the floor of the hold; each individual chain was several steps long, allowing each slave to move towards the leak bucket or make room for another person. There were a number of such rings along the hold, though only a few were in use at the moment. In the first night when he had still been alone in the hold, Shakurán had broken the chain link that connected his shackle to the chain. A normal slave would not have been able to that, excepting perhaps mine slaves and arena fighters. He was careful to not show he was free to move about, keeping in his place most of the time. Not that the two weeks inside the slave hold with the hopeless and the wretched had been especially pleasant. The slave hold was a cramped room below deck, and Shakurán could call it a small mercy that the hold was only partially filled; it made the narrow, stuffy den slightly more bearable. The dozen other slaves corralled in here with him were mostly catches the ship had transferred from a larger Corsair vessel, by a principle he had yet to work out. Shifting his position ever so slightly, he listened to the drums above becoming more frantic. The next time Idrakhán came up with such grandiose plans, he could play the fake captive. Although, Shakurán doubted his brother would be able to curb his pride and pretend to be an Easterling slave for that long. He was too prideful, too arrogant. Keeping one's head down and pretending to be nobody could gain a Man many secrets and often insights into the true status of the auxiliaries. By pretending to be a lowly foot soldier, Shakurán had uncovered more than once case of corruption or abuse that he had swiftly put an end to in days past. The ship craned to the side, before a heavy hard rolling began to move the planks. The two other slaves that were chained to the same ring as he should have been were crouched to his left by the next beam, trying to keep their balance, but failed when the deck tipped to port. Stumbling, one of them, a young Dorwinon with shaggy blond hair, landed half against Shakurán, who rose to a crouch, manacled hand braced against the beam, and steadied him. "Best to keep sitting, Falon, the sea's getting rough," he said in the tongue of the Empire, knowing that the people of the former trading nation and more recent province of the Empire understood the Imperial tongue well. The younger Man sat down and nodded his thanks; like all others in the hold, he wore ragged black clothes and had not been permitted to wash for two weeks. "Falon?" he asked, his hand seeking hold on the rough planks, keen eyes surveying Shakurán. The slave beside him shuffled further away. He had avoided any form of interaction with Shakurán since the day they had been brought onboard. Like all of them, Shakurán was marked by two weeks with scare food and scant water, though he guessed he was holding up better than some of the feverish slaves down in the hold. If the Corsairs went on like that, half the slaves would be too sick for the market – not that he expected any intelligence from the thieves. "None of you would ever talk," Shakurán replied, sitting back down again and sliding anew into his position against the beam, pushing his feet more firmly against the planks to not fall