Wishes are no horses The day Boromir learned of his brother's death was a wretched spring day in Ithilien; a constant rainstorm had been blowing from the south for three days, drenching the entire landscape in a deluge that turned the grounds into a virtual swamp. In the middle of all that they had encountered the Haradrim moving their troops north, a group of Mûmakil, several hundred foot soldiers. Boromir's men had been hopelessly outnumbered. Still, they had caused the Haradrim dire losses, chasing their marching group apart in the end, but Erandar had not made it; three arrows through the chest finished him off. And when Boromir came to Henneth Annun he was not in the mood for any new troubles, or anything else for that matter. He wanted some quiet, at least a moment to say his goodbyes to a comrade and friend of twenty years. But once they were in the caves, Anarion approached him; with Erandar dead and Mablung severely injured, leadership of the fraying Ranger force had reverted to him. "I know this is a bad time, Captain." Anarion at least had the sense to look somewhat abashed. "We did capture two strange creatures in the wilds, as they tried to hide from the Haradrim. One of them had this." And he had handed Boromir a very familiar dagger, Faramir's dagger. He knew that Anarion would have recognized the blade instantly; Ranger blades were marked in secret ways that most warriors could not decipher. "It was not taken by force, Captain," Anarion supplied, guessing his questions. "It is marked as given away freely. It… it asks for assistance." "That will be all, Anarion. Gather the Rangers, we move out past midnight." Boromir kept the dagger as he went to see the captives: two small, diminutive figures crouching in another cavern. They jumped to their feet when he walked in. "My men are saying they found this with you." Boromir raised his hand to let them see the dagger. "And I want to know how you came by it." The stouter of the two small figures rose from where he had been sitting. "One of your people gave me that," he said, shaking his head. "His name was Faramir. He was a Lord of sorts amongst your kind, if I understood that right. He gave me that blade a few days before he died and you might want to respect that." "He died?" Had the grounds opened under Boromir's feet and swallowed him whole, had the Witch King himself appeared in that cave, it would have been easier to deal with than those words. "Are… are you saying Faramir was killed?" The other captive had risen. He was thin, wide-eyed and had an oddly gentle expression on his face. "He died near the falls of Rauros," he said. "He was a brave comrade and…" He shook his head. "He was a good man. In dying he spoke of his brother. I do not know your land, but if you know of his brother… could you see that he learns of Faramir's passing?" Slowly Boromir sat down on a rock in the cave, his heart hammering against his ribs. Why, oh why had he ever agreed to his father's decision to send Faramir north? Why had he not insisted? Because he had been happy that his father would entrust something important to Faramir, because it had been the first sign of peace between those two in months and months. "Faramir was my little brother." He had to push those words out, handing the dagger back to the stout captive. "And if you ventured with him… What can you tell me?" Frodo and Sam, as the names of the captives proved to be, had sat down with him in the cave and what they told him of their journey in the few hours before midnight was a tale of adventures, danger and darkness. They never specifically mentioned their errand, nor did they directly speak of how Faramir had died, but between the lines of their story was a wealth of fear. As Anarion reported the troop ready to move out at midnight, Boromir had made his decision. "You are still on that task you departed with from Rivendell, are you not?" he asked Frodo. The Halfling nodded tiredly. "We need to go deep into the Enemy lands to accomplish the mission. I had hoped your brother would be with us to guide us…" Again there was a strange expression in his eyes when he looked at Boromir, but Boromir hardly noticed it. His decision was made. Faramir had given his life to see this mission done and all he could do was honor his brother's sacrifice by seeing this task would be completed. "Anarion, have Damrod and Anborn report here; they will accompany Frodo and Sam," he ordered, ignoring the surprise he saw rise in Anarion's eyes. Turning back to the Halflings, he saw their eyes widened, a mix of nervousness and… something he could not name. "They will guide you. They are two of the best Rangers I still have." The days that followed passed like a dream, or a nightmare for Boromir. He kept fighting, leading his men against the Haradrim forces, trying to shatter their flooding towards the Black Gates. When he was fighting, he could forget about the gaping hole inside him, and during the breaks between fighting, he began to talk about his plans to Anarion. The young Ranger was smart enough to keep up and sensitive enough to know he could never replace Faramir. Nevertheless he listened, offering suggestions now and then, but they were rarely needed. It was someone to talk to, Boromir needed, not necessarily someone to answer him, and Anarion's calm presence was enough like Faramir's that Boromir sometimes could forget he was not talking to his brother anymore. Osgiliath went down in fire and blood. It were nine days of fighting and when they finally retreated, the river was black with Orc corpses, the city a blazing torch of destruction. Boromir led the last of the fighters across Pelennor and towards the city, chased by Nazgûl and Drakhár in the air and Orcs on the ground, they reached the white walls, but to no good welcome. Denethor hardly acknowledged Boromir's return, closing himself in his study, refusing discussions or words. Being dismissed from his father's presence Boromir turned his mind back to the defense. The Armies of the Witch King were marching and there was no hope at the horizon. "You need some rest too, Captain." Anarion's voice was low enough for him to overhear, when the young Ranger finally spoke his mind. "You have not slept in days." The words did not anger Boromir; in a way they touched him, a reminder that there were others who cared about him, who tried to look out for him. "I cannot rest, Anarion. We have a battle to fight soon," he answered, his eyes out on the Pelennor. They both stood on the high walls, seeing the darkness approach from the East. There would be no dawn come morning. "And we all only have a limited strength to give." Anarion squared his shoulders, not backing off. "And you are at your limit. Boromir, the men know what happened, since Mithrandir and that Halfling arrived. Everyone knows that Lord Faramir won't return. Every man needs tome to grieve." How much courage had he worked up to call him by name? It was definitely a first. "Boromir may grieve," the Captain replied, meeting Anarion's eyes. "And the Captain of Gondor has sympathies for him, like he'd have for any soldier who lost a brother to this war. But, like with any other soldier, he'd expect him to pick himself up and fight on." Anarion bowed his head and sighed. "We will need you to survive, you know?" The words were only a whisper before the Ranger turned to leave. "Anarion." Boromir's call stopped the Ranger's departure. "Thank you for trying. It is good to have you here." The Siege was all Boromir had come to expect from the East, and within a day he knew the city would not hold. There were too few defenders, they lacked the riders to chase apart the Orc formations and the men on the walls began to lose hope. All the harder he fought and when the Rohirrim arrived, he led the charge against the center of the Orc legions. Hope came; like a dream stepping right out of legend itself arrived an army of ghostly fighters, led by one man alone to free the city. Stories later would tell that it ended the battle, but it only began the true slaughter, for the Easterlings would not give ground and fought like cornered lions. When Boromir saw the archers close in on the leader of the pale army, he knew what they were playing at; they hoped that the ghost army would disperse once their commander was killed. It was a reasonable assumption. Moving between them and the pale army commander, he pushed the man out of the way, catching the first barrage with his shield. But the second barrage came too swiftly. Three arrows hissed over the rim of his battered shield, impacting into his chest. Boromir felt the air ripped from his lungs when he collapsed to his knees, and then the darkness claimed him. Waking up was a painful affair. Several times he had the feeling that he was forcibly put under again, but eventually he managed to force his eyes open. "Leave him. He is fighting still, and his will is stronger than the drug," a foreign voice said. A man stepped into Boromir's swimming vision. He had a proud Numenorán face, framed by dark hair and piercing grey eyes, reminding Boromir of the statues by the Walk of Kings. He knew who this was beyond doubt, though why he was here still escaped his drugged mind. "The battle, how badly did we do?" he rasped, his voice barely obeying him. "We won. The enemy armies fled across the river. The city is safe." There was a smile in those captivating grey eyes. "And you are one stubborn warrior to heal. By rights you should not even be awake; a full cup of dreambane should send any living warrior sleeping for hours." Dreambane, the same horrid stuff Erandar had used against the pain of countless injuries. Boromir recognized the taste on his tongue still. "I apologize for being a stubborn warrior, my Lord, but the army will need their Captain awake and able to think straight." He pushed himself up, finding he could semi-sit, if he used his elbows to lean on. The other man shook his hand. "No titles, not from the man who almost died to save me," he said. "My name is…" "Thorongil, Aragorn… I did hear." Boromir exhaled slowly, focusing on speaking steadily, banishing the weakness from his voice. "Frodo spoke of you." "Frodo?" Genuine surprise widened Aragorn's eyes. "You know of him? Have you… have you seen him?" "Ten… no, twelve days ago in Ithilien," Boromir replied. "Two of my best scouts are bringing him and his brave gardener across the mountains, which makes the untimely Easterling retreat a problem." Aragorn sat down on the chair beside the bed, his face reflecting hope and awe in equal measure. "You just gave me the best tidings… I never hoped they would come that far. But you are right; with all the dark armies between them and Mount Doom, their mission is all but failed." Mount Doom – the Sammath Naur? Boromir wished Faramir were here. He would probably know what that meant. But he was not here and what was needed was not understanding the nature of Frodo's mission, but a solution, and he could think of that. "We need a plan," he said, sitting up fully, ignoring the pain rising in his chest. "You should rest.