Author's Preface: Over one year ago the wonderful Scribe of Red offered to help me edit "A distant Light" and let me say, she did tremendous work on it. With her digging into it the story grew, in detail and expression, it almost doubled in length. (Do not be fooled by less chapters, I tried to smooth the chapter structure a bit). Unfortunately her job and mine left us less and less time to work together, and thus I finally decided to finish the edit of the first part alone. The result of which you will find here. While I will try and dig into the second part on my own I am not sure if I can manage the same results. What Scribe of Red did was not beta-reading, she dug into my storytelling, my descriptions, my characterizations, the details and prodded me to add, expand and deepen what was already there. I will try and do the same on my own for the other parts… though no promises how long it is going to take. On the same note: I am looking for someone to seriously and patiently beta-read the German versions of Part I and II of the saga. I hope you'll enjoy the expanded version of the tale. Valandhir Disclaimer: This is a work of non-profit fan fiction using characters from the Hobbit/Lord of the Rings world, which is trademarked by J.R.R. Tolkien. All characters created and owned by Tolkien INC, and I do not claim any ownership over them or the world of Middle Earth. The story I tell here is my own invention, and it is not purported or believed to be part of J.R.R. Tolkien's story canon. This story is for entertainment only and is not part of the official story line. I am grateful to J.R.R. Tolkien for his wonderful stories about Middle Earth, for without his books, my story would not exist . Prologue: Prince in Exile The grave was not deep beneath the Mountain, as stories later would tell – it was outside on the height under the pines that long ago had blazed in Smaug's terrible fire. The Dwarves had built a mighty stone cairn to lay their fallen King to rest. The deep grey stone was carved with the raven on either side, but no other adornment had been placed on it yet except for the runic inscriptions. Thorin Son of Thrain King under the Mountain No words mentioned that his eldest nephew was resting beside him, having sacrificed his life shielding Thorin as they broke through the ranks of the Orc host. Bard the Bowman and Thranduil of Mirkwood stood a few paces away from the tomb, having placed the Arkenstone and Orcrist with Thorin before the heavy stones had closed over his resting place. They could have left with most of those who had been assembled here hours ago, and yet, there was still a decision to be made in this place, and both were determined to know which it was to be. Several Dwarves stood at the heights, some keeping a respectful distance to one standing separate. Kíli stood still in front of the dark grave, head bowed, dark hair torn by the wind, not holding back the tears in his eyes. He was hardly able to stand on his own feet; the healers had been loath to allow him to get up at all. He had insisted on coming here, not caring if it endangered his healing, or if the healers liked it. The pain he felt standing, was nothing he truly registered, the pain inside his chest was too fierce to allow him to notice the wounds marring his body. The tears burning in his eyes Kíli did not even try to hold them back, he had no strength left to fight them, or to pretend at a façade. Fíli, his Fíli rested inside the cairn, beside their Uncle Thorin… and the hole in Kíli's heart was raw with the pain of loss. He wished he could have been buried beside them, just placed in the grave beside them, to die in the dark. Their presence would have been all the comfort he could ask for, even if it was to starve to death under the dark stones, only to be with them again. He wanted to reach out, like he still could touch their cold hands through the heavy lid of the cairn, like he still could reach them and beg them to allow him to follow them into the long darkness from whence there was no return. Why had he lived, when they had fallen? Fíli… smashed by Azog's mace… Thorin dying in that last fight, cold in the lethal embrace with his archenemy, his final words… his heartbreaking plea for forgiveness that was heard by none other than Kíli. If Thorin had at least known that there was nothing to forgive, nothing to ask forgiveness for, if he had only felt that none of them would turn away from him. But he had died alone, with only Kíli to comfort him, before the Orcs stormed again. Oh why had they not done their work right? Why had they not hacked him to pieces like they had tried to? Why had they to fail the one time they should have done the work properly? Kíli gasped, trying to not sob loudly, but failing at it. A cold gust of wind tore his hair and send cold ghosting fingers tracing over the mars the tears left on his cheeks, like he could feel Fíli's fingers still, wiping them away. Only… Fíli was gone, cold and dead under the stones and Kíli was alone, his soul torn asunder and left behind in a world that he did only wish to leave. Steps approached, two familiar sets of steps on the hard stone ground behind him. He recognized them as Balin and Dwalin, giving him support while allowing for the space he needed to grieve. They meant well, they truly cared, but their presence made him only feel more keenly that he was alone now. He would never hear Fíli's laughter again, nor hear Thorin admonish him – all that remained was the hollow emptiness spreading in his chest that hurt worse than all the wounds on his body. Dwalin held Balin back from joining the lad. This was not the time to try and comfort Kíli, not with the pain wrecking through him like a fiery lash, not when he hardly was able to stand and when he was crying openly. The warrior silently focused on the stone cairn – how often had Thorin said that this quest might lead them to an early unmarked grave? It had come sadly true and Dwalin's heart was heavy with the loss of a friend, of his King. From his earliest childhood on Dwalin had been trained to one day serve the Prince, before he had even known what it would mean to follow Durin's House, and before he had found a friend in the dwarrow he was sworn to serve. A part of him whispered that he was the only one surviving of Thorin's personal guard and that a Captain of the Guard should follow his King into the fire, like Daroin would have, had he lived long enough to see Thrór fall in Azanulbizar. No, Dwalin knew he could not do that. He did not fear death, not even the searing flame that should burn him to ashes, but one thought kept him from doing what tradition would demand. The thought of the young dwarrow standing before the cairn. Kíli was left alone now, with none of his family left to protect him – it was enough to break any soul. Dwalin well remembered how Thorin had grieved for Frérin, losing his brother had nearly killed Thorin. And it was worse with Kíli who had never been separated from his brother in his life. Forgive me, my friend, but you will have to wait for me a while, Dwalin thought, in his mind seeing Thorin's face, your boy will need me, if he is to survive this. Heavy steps resounded on the hill grounds and Dwalin frowned deeply when he saw Dáin approach. The King of the Iron Mountains had chosen an ill time to come here. The broad-shouldered Dwarf stepped away to cut off Dáin. Not a man of many words, Dwalin stared down the short, compact Dwarf with the extensive grey braids.. "Leave him be." Dáin frowned impatiently at Dawlin. "What must be spoken of is not yours to decide," he said coolly, his eyes going past the warrior to the young one standing at the grave. He seemed too lost in his personally wailing, he would have to made talk sensibly, whether he liked it or not. Before things could escalate, Kíli woke from his trance and turned around. With a swift motion he swiped his hand over his eyes, to hide the worst tears, though there were still some glistening in the long eyelashes. "Dawlin," he said softly, his gaze meeting the warrior's eyes directly and Dwalin felt a shiver run down his spine, the black eyes were pained, raw, shining like diamonds of the deep, yet there was a measure of strength still in them."let him come here. If he wishes to speak to me, this time is as good as any." Dáin walked past Dwalin. Dáin was a short dwarf, shorter than the rough warrior, and even shorter than young Kíli. And he hated that of all the family he had inherited the shortish stature, while some others got a near un-dwarven height. "They said you had a stout heart, lad," he said to Kíli. "It will be easier to speak in the shadow of these stones than down in the halls with their prying ears." Kíli acquiesced, and they walked a few steps along the tomb to the ridge where it overlooked the surrounding land. Dáin walked in a speedy step, not waiting if Kíli could keep up. He could see Kíli wince as he walked, favoring his right leg slightly. Had no one taught him to keep his posture? "Thorin was most distressed to learn of your brother's death," Dáin began without preamble. "It pained him to know Fíli had been killed defending him. He was glad you had at least survived… He must have loved you both dearly." The breath caught in Kíli's throat. "He was dead… he died on the hill, I was there," he whispered, his voice nearly breaking. "He merely passed out, not that it mattered, he was as good as dead when you saw him last." Dáin remained standing at the ridge, being the elder of them, it would force Kíli also to stand and as long as he did not pass out from exhaustion that was fine by Dáin. "He woke only once before he finally died." He cast a glance at the silent young Dwarf Prince beside him. "But… he never named either of you his heir. You were the sons of his sister and maybe, in his mind, you were meant to take up his mantle. Yet he never named you, not even in the hour of his death. That puts you – his nephew – and me – his cousin – on even footing when it comes to succession." "I see." Kíli's eyes followed the flight path of a single eagle streaking across the valley. "And as you already have your army here and have a claim on the throne…" Dáin stretched his shoulders, assessing the younger Dwarf anew. He seemed to see things more realistic than Dáin had expected and realism was not something that he had come to associate with Thorin and his family. Maybe a set of reasonable arguments would work better than a continued battering of his flailing emotions? It was worth a try. "You are barely of age, Kíli. In fact, in