THE SCARRED HERO A Forgotten Fear Synopsis: Five years ago, Perseus Jackson was banished from the grounds of Camp Half-Blood on consequence of genocide by Hera, Queen of the Gods. Heartbroken and betrayed, he lets the gods fake his death and send him away from New York City into a new life of thrilling adventure and unending suffering. Despite overwhelming odds, Percy persevered and made a new life under the name "Eric". Now a bitter homeless recluse, his solitary drive for life is that of a small twelve year old girl named Samantha "Sam" Fisher. Ever the loyal hero, he vows to protect her, regardless of the cost to himself or others. He never planned for it to turn out this way. Forced to return to Camp Half-Blood, Percy now has to maintain an unwavering facade unbreakable even by his old crush, Annabeth Chase; keep Nico di Angelo from deeming him a traitor and killing him; defend Sam from the earth-shattering truth about the scar on his face; and fight against a foe older than Kronos ever dreamed of being. Even worse, Camp Half-Blood is experiencing turmoil of its own - a turmoil that leads to a quest Percy ever-so-wisely accepts. With a doomsayer prophecy, a homicidal ex-fiancee, and a whirlwind of new foes, Percy might just discover why Hera really sentenced him to a life without hope . . . . Or get himself and everybody else killed by a fear the world long forgot . . . . *Please see Author's Note at the end of the chapter before continuing the text. Chapter One: I Get Summoned Everything went to Tartarus when the God of War drove in on a motorcycle. Up until that earth-shattering moment, I was having a very good day - at least by demigod standards. My fellow runaway - Samantha "Sam" Fisher - and I were chuckling as we licked happily at our ice cream cones and smirked at passersby when they raised disapproving eyebrows at our disheveled appearances. The sun was high without being quite as smoldering as we still remembered from our recent time in Pennsylvania during a heat wave. The sky was clear with a dusting of wispy white clouds to contrast the perfect blue, and spirits were generally up. But, of course, nothing could last. Carrying my melting chocolate chip ice cream, I jogged across a crosswalk, Sam keeping up with her smaller legs beside me. We were both careful not to drop our desserts - there was no way in Olympus I could swing another splurge like this for a few months. "Spotted anything nasty yet?" I asked her, ruffling her dark brown hair as it caught the right lighting to shine its earth tone and not the black it always tricked me into believing it was. Given a proper distance, Sam could look like my little sister. Some people accused her of being my daughter, but I was only nine years her senior. Sam ducked the affectionate move, shooting me a dark glare and moving to lick her ice cream again. Unfortunately, I nudged its course into her nose. Red ice coated the tip of it, and Sam rubbed it away indignantly. "I swear," she began, huffing. "You're five." I smiled and hugged her close, laughing in the high noon sun and cloudless day of Staten Island, New York. Despite my various reasons not to step foot in New England, Sam's persistent whines had encouraged me, and I couldn't be happier. It was beautiful weather in the spring, and the people were nicer than most other times of the year. Stress was light in the air, and monsters were hard to come by ever since The Titan War decimated multitudes of their ranks. With my distinguishing scar, attained after my forced retirement, there was no possible way anyone from my youthful past could recognize me. Altogether, things were rather pleasant. I even bought a new pair of sneakers in Pennsylvania. Sam craned her neck around to see the suburb-appropriate small houses with the white picket fences and small children playing in the yard. The neighborhood we pestered with our presence waved pleasantly at us as we passed, and I half expected some Stepford wife to pop in front of us with a tray of cookies and a perky "Good morning" halting us in our tracks. If there was one, I'd be liable to draw my trusty sword Riptide and stab her just to be on the safe side. But even then, nothing happened. It was uneventful, and for a homeless kid who'd seen most of the US in the past five years of dodging snarling monstrosities, I was entitled to a little blandness. There wasn't anyone around, unless you counted the elderly woman on her front porch, reading the newspaper in her bathroom robe. I patted a birch tree lovingly, taking a whiff of the wet grass. Here, in a place hardly counting as a metropolis, I felt free. No annoying, two-bit Olympian god could torment me here. And then that utterly perfect day was shot right into Tartarus via a golden bucket. The hairs on the back of my neck stood up, tingling with what could only be described as "bad vibes". All people have some sort of sixth sense feeling of when something bad is going to happen and it flares up occasionally, but demigods - especially demigods like me with such a strong scent - have to be especially attentive with the internal alert system starts blaring. I nudged Sam likely and she looked up as I thrust out from my solar plexus in a three-fingered claw; universal sign language for "whatever god or goddess actually cares, please don't let whatever wants to eat me right now actually eat me." Sam's eyes widened, and then she sulked. I could sympathize - things had been going so well. After half-a-decade dogging monsters, I'd learn a certain degree of nonchalance that is otherwise impossible. With a truly casual glance over my shoulder, I placed a pretty gymnast teenager at our six o'clock. Designer handbag that was more than likely the Misted sheath for a dagger or some other sort of weapon and a tight miniskirt. I felt my mouth begin to water, and it wasn't because she was eating a hamburger. "Sam." I gulped as my young charge glanced up from her determinedly paced walk. "Do me a favor." "Hmm?" She arched her eyebrows in honest interest. "Slap me." The hairy areas above Sam's knitted together in confusion and she came to a complete and ill-timed stop. "Excuse me?" "That's an empousa, " I told her, jerking my head toward our stalker as she closed the distance with hungry eyes. From the corner of my eye, I could see the fire biting at the air around her, but I couldn't even acknowledge without it vanishing. "I can't fight her if she's doing that whole lust-magic thing on me. Slap me." Sam looked uncertain, eyes flitting over to the gymnast facade walking toward us. She rounded the corner, coming straight toward us. "Sam," I hissed. " Now. " She knew that tone. Without any further hesitation, she jerked her thumb at the ground (I had at least a two-foot height difference on her, but it often felt more like three) and I crouched down enough for her to reach my non-cut cheek on her tiptoes. With more power than you might expect coming from a petite, un-muscled girl like Sam, she left a stinging trail across my face. Instantly, the magic haze shattered like a broken mirror and I saw the empousa for what she was. A bonfire of hair roared from her scalp, with eyes equally red blazing into me. One leg was a donkey's, furry and bent awkwardly, and the other was like a metal peg-leg, clanging around loudly. Her charm nullified, the empousa picked up speed, making a beeline for us. Nonchalantly avoiding a confrontation being officially defeated as an option, I settled for running. It was a tactic I had mastered over the years of survival; way more useful than any magically returning. "Run!" I grabbed Sam's arm in case the tugging would encourage movement faster than the charging she-demon making way toward us. I cursed vehemently and a lot as we moved, turning yet another corner only to find it was a cul-de-sac. Sam and I skidded to a stop, my sailor's mouth supplying a healthy amount of "I hate you, Atoptros!" as we spun on our heels and headed for the opposite side of the street. For the first time I wondered why Staten Island couldn't be like everywhere else in New York City - plenty of people, multitudes of taxis all sweating for some desperate commuter with tired feet, and a healthy amount of annoyed people willing to clobber anybody who accidentally bumped into them. But of course not, because my luck would not allow with the disdainful smell of humanity to cover up the poignant odor of freaked-out-demigod. My hand dived into my right pocket and I summoned my ever-present ballpoint pen from my pocket, along with a classically wrapped Hermes' bar. Yes, I meant Hermes'. I passed the bar to Sam, who juggled it in her hands as she started getting farther ahead of me. Despite her size, Sam was quite the sprinter and her stamina was to be admired. Although her size had always been a hindrance in battle, it was a strength when getting the Hades out of dodge. She frowned at my offering, holding it up to me with a warped facial expression. "What? A candy bar?" She paused to take a breath. "Percy, I know you feel bad about the ice cream, but life is more important." Right, I just noticed. We had to drop the cold dessert when we started running. Talk about a good day going sour. "No," I told her, starting to feel breathless. I faltered but caught myself pretty quickly. "It's Hermes' chocolate. Baked with 70% nectar flavoring. One bite, and your injuries disappear. He - " I gasped, catching my breath while running. It was challenging. " - gave it to me last . . . month." Sam looked at me like I'd gone crazy. "And what do you want me to do?" "I - " Just then, the empousa caught up. She body-slammed me to the ground, and my pen skittered out of reach. Once again, I swore - today was nice and rich for those - and kneed her hard in the stomach. My foot collided with her bronze leg but I didn't feel any of the ill-effects, a nice little bonus to having bathed in the legendary River Styx when I was fifteen. I punched her hard in the jaw, fire flaring out to blind and burn me when I did so. The blinding part worked, but my already-marred face was undamaged by her flame. Another fist connected with her face, and she tumbled off of me, just in time for my pen to return to my pocket. Quick note: My father, Poseidon, gave me a pen when I was twelve that transforms into a sword and always returns to my pocket when lost. Handy, right? The three-foot deadly blade of Celestial bronze emerged from the meager writing tool, leather grip fitting comfortably in the palm of my hand. A smile spread across my face as I re-acclimated to holding my trusted weapon - even a couple of days without practice could wear your form. But that didn't seem to be a problem today. That purse the empousa carried while in mortal form was, indeed, a one-sided dagger, and it swished through the air at my stomach. I sucked in my gut and batted the attack aside, glad to see her movements were sluggish in my eyes. I'd been afraid that, after so long of fending off brainless brutes like Cyclopes, a she-demon might get an upper-hand.