I thought up this theory while desperately trying to find a way for the Cato x Katniss ship to sail, so please don't judge. I wrote this like six months ago and haven't posted it yet...so here it is. ( this is the edited version, I just split the first chapter so its not massively too long.) I don't own the hunger games, sad but true. I had watched her, studied her, and tried to understand her. But still her actions brought about more questions than answers. The capital people love her, the common people love her, heck even the other tributes love her. This is a dog eat dog game, kill or be killed and she allies with the smallest, the weakest. We would have taken her in a heartbeat in the careers but she allied with the little girl. Why? The more I watched the more I became captivated… Of course I had watched the unusual reaping of the district twelve girl everyone had, and I saw her when she paraded down tribute trail on fire. But I pretty much forgot about her until the night the scores came out. I had expected a high score and until they announced her score I had the highest, a ten, but she blew all of us out of the water with a ground breaking eleven. How did she do it? I began to obsess over it for the next few days. During training she stayed far away from the intense sections like weapons, trying out the survival skills as oppose to the offensive. From what I saw she seemed to be like any other average tribute, but she was far from ordinary. I did not discover how abnormal she was until the games actually began. Standing on the pedestals the only thing on my mind was strategy, I knew without a doubt that I could out run a majority of the other tributes. So I had to get to a weapon, my mentor had advised me to run for and axe if possible, and take out as many tributes as quickly as I could. And kill I did. The first was the boy from district six, Jason, he had stolen my knife in training and I threatened him, I hadn't intended to kill him first he just got in the way. Something strange happened after the first kill, I felt my body moving but I was no longer in control. My instincts no doubt kept me alive in that moment of shock. Someone ran up beside me and I swung the machete at him, he dropped. Then a girl jumped at me, I dodged her attack and kicked the sword from her hand. She crashes into some crates. That's when I heard glimmer scream, my mentors had arranged an alliance between us, so I stabbed some boy and ran to her aid. At this point my own consciousness had caught up, I was back in control. I rescued glimmer from some random boy, by killing him. Then I marched through the cornucopia, most of the tributes had cleared out, just a few remained. I caught movement out of the corner of my eye, I turned and slashed at the oncoming boy. Only when his lifeless body hit the floor did I realize he was the young boy from four, he was only twelve. He was the last to die in the initial blood bath. The rest of the careers grouped up around me and the young boys' body, where I still stood in shock. I had killed this child. "Cato we have to go, they're getting away!" clove shouts at me, she is giddy from the fight. I on the other hand am still sick, but I have to lead this group. "Okay, let's gather the supplies. Then we can chase the rest of the" 'I stop at the sound of pounding feet running away. I take off running in the direction of the fleeing boy, I recognize him as the boy from district three. My mentor told me to keep him around if possible, apparently he can help us. I get close enough to him to tackle him. "PLEASE, please don't kill me- I can help you, I have skills." I grab the young boy and drag him to the group, and toss him on the floor of the cornucopia. Clove raises the sword she recently acquired from one of her victims. I grab her wrist and shake my head. "No, clove. This is the one Brutus told us about." I turn to him, and smile deviously, hoping to scare the boy a bit and make him more cooperative. "My mentor, Brutus, seems to think you can help us protect our supplies. I am not sure how it is you can do this but I do know that if you don't I will personally kill you." Marvel laughs. "Ya, and if he's dead. We'll kill you." The group looks at marvel, no one even bothering to comment on his stupid remark. The terrified boy sits up slowly finally able to speak. "I-uh specialize in explosives. I think I can-"clove point the sword at the kid's throat, he gulps. '"YOU THINK?" she shouts. "Clove." I warn, she drops her sword down and huffs. "Continue." "I know I can rig the explosives from the pedestals up around the supplies, if we put them into a pile. Then no one can touch it but you guys." I smile, he will indeed be useful. "Okay do it, but I want it done by the time we get back." I turn to the rest of the careers. "We are going to be proactive about winning this game." Glimmer smiles and skips over next to me. "I like your idea, it so much more exciting than just waiting around for them to come to us." She glares at marvel who shrugs. "Hey it's a perfectly good plan, if we have all the supplies they have to come to us sooner or later." I ignore the bickering kids, it's something I'm used to by now they been doing it since we met. "Let's just get moving." I say, grabbing a sword off the wall. The rest of the group all grabs weapons as we move all the supplies into a pile. Glimmer grabs a nice metal bow and arrow set, clove grabs knives of all shapes and sizes, and marvel picked up a couple of spears. After that we set off into the woods, the sun begins to set and our attention is drawn to a certain area by the smoke of a campfire. What idiot lights a campfire in an arena of kids who want to kill you? An idiot who wants to die. She soon met that fate at the hands of glimmer, but not before she hand the chance to beg for her life. It was sad, but it's the game what else can we do. "Isn't this exciting, Cato? We finally get to do what we've been trained for our entire life to do." I wrap my arm around cloves miniature shoulders, I cannot agree with her. I hate this, I hate killing, I hate that this is what I looked forward to my entire life. "No, clove it's not exciting." Her face falls into a look of utter confusion. "What do you mean?" before I can answer marvel and glimmer draw our attention towards them. "Cato! Cato, we found the twelve boy and he says he can help us." glimmer walks in front of the short blonde boy and her much taller district partner. "And how is it that you can help us?" peeta stares at the floor and speaks in a soft whisper. "I can lead you to katniss." And just like that we gained a new partner. "How?" I ask, I want that girl on our team. I couldn't care less about what happens to this boy, in fact I might let clove kill him when we catch katniss. Peeta stares blankly back at me, my question still unanswered. "Well?" I-uh we made a plan to meet up in the middle of the arena just outside of the cornucopia. If I take you to her are you going to kill her?" I shake my head. "No she won't be harmed." I turn to clove. "Don't let this boy out of your sight. And I need him alive still, so just don't kill him." Clove nods and prods the boy forwards with the rest of the group, who are all still energized from the latest kill. And they should be, we are winning. I should be just as ecstatic as them, but I'm not. Why? "Cato, Cato? Did you see me kill her? She was all like, oh no please don't kill. Oh no Ahh" she breaks off into a fit of giggles. I have to play along. "Ya that's actually a pretty good impression." It wasn't, but I humor glimmer. The girl is clingy, and desperate, not my type at all. I want a girl who is not afraid to be herself and doesn't need to hang on someone. Glimmer and I catch up with the group that has stopped for some reason. "Hey lover boy are you sure she went this way?" clove and marvel begin walking again once they see I'm still with them, but peeta hangs back so I can talk to him. "Ya I'm sure, that was her snare we found back there." he gestures a few feet off where a rope thingy is hanging from the tree, I hadn't even noticed it. I nod and he begins walking again. "Baker boy, get your butt up here." He sighs and half-heartedly jogs up next to the miniature psychopath. If he likes her as he claims to, why is he leading us to her? Does he value his own life more than his love for her? It is the only logical explanation. This is a game of survival, risking your life for someone else would be stupid. "Are you sure we shouldn't just kill him now." Glimmer grabs my arm. "Na, he the best chance we have of finding her" I have an eerie feeling of someone watching me "come on lets go." That night the group settles in a clearing in the woods "Someone get the fire going" I shout as I plop down on the hard forest floor. Glimmer slides in next to me, I don't really like her this close to me but I just ignore it. Clove drags lover boy along beside her as she collects firewood. She points to a log on the ground. "Pick it up, useless." She has taken to calling him things like useless, waste of space, and baker boy-depending on her mood. Marvel begins laying out his stuff to make a bed, I watch him until I drift off to sleep. The next day I am the first awake, I glance around the camp at the others. Glimmer is lying next to me curled onto a ball. Marvel is sprawled out next to the still smoking fire. Clove and peeta are to the left of marvel, peeta is lying flat on his back with cloves tiny body stretch out across his stomach; most likely in an attempt to hold him there. I grab the back pack marvel was using as a pillow and slide it out from under him. Inside is where we packed our food, I pull out an apple and a piece of bacon. As I munch on my breakfast I begin to think about my strategy. There are twelve tributes still alive: us four careers, peeta, the boy from ten, the boy from three, thresh, the little girl from his district, the red head girl, and katniss. If we hunt down katniss convince her to join us, then go after the boy from ten and the redhead girl. Maybe the little girl will be