After almost a year of hibernating hiding from my writing, I'm back. Sort of. This is going to be the first one shot in a series of Percico stories that will grow to include at least three others. Enjoy! Nico had always loved the water. It was one of those things that just was. He didn't even have to be swimming, just being in water, around water, whatever, was nice. He reveled in long showers so hot that the mirrors fogged and so long Hades sent skeleton guards to check if he was still alive and not a prune. Apparently, that was a genuine concern of his father's. But now it was such a bittersweet thing. He loved it, but Nico just couldn't bear to be near it any more. He loathed himself for it, because even though he was already messed up, he couldn't even enjoy that simple thing. One of his favorite things in the world. Hells, a necessity of life. But the pain outmatched whatever pleasure he acquired. So, no more long showers for Nico. He sat, knees pressed into his chest, on the warm sand. He was aware that when he got home, the annoying granules would be everywhere. In his swim shorts, which were mostly for show, in his backpack, in his hair, in his ears. Weird places, sand got. Sometimes Nico wondered how it got into his ears. Other times he knew better than to ask. The water was near-perfect. Rolling waves that were just begging for Nico to jump into them, soft white foam caressing the wet sand, then retreating like it was teasing him. The wind rolling off the waves, a salty breath of fresh air. But above all, the color. It was the color on cheesy postcards, the color of the most intricate stained glass. It was the color Nico felt when he caught a happy moment. That too-perfect, candy-colored piece of seaglass, formed by the endless waves beating upon the surface. It was his eyes when he smiled, but when the sun caught it just right, it was the color of his eyes when he laughed. Nico felt like someone was punishing him. The Seven had been planning a beach day, and Hazel had invited him, but Jason was the one who convinced him in the end to come. In truth, some days it was hard being around him, no matter how close Nico had let him get. That uncomfortable rest in the air that screamed that Jason knew his secret, and that was bad, and he should be running. Annabeth, Piper, Frank, and Leo were playing volleyball while Hazel watched on, trying to get a hold of the game. Volleyball had been invented five years after she had died, but she was catching on quickly. Jason sat on the sidelines, waiting patiently for Hazel to join the game so the teams would be even when he joined. But Percy, his Percy- No, he thought forcefully. Not your Percy. He is not your Percy. He's Annabeth's boyfriend. Not yours. And he never will be, so stop thinking like that, Di Angelo. If he even knew, he'd despise you, no matter what Jason said. Percy still remained in the water. He was just swimming, hanging with the fish. Nico made a half smile. From where he was, it appeared that Percy was having a heated conversation with some angel fish. Nico's eyes slipped from Percy's face down his neck to his chest, resting at the line where skin met swimsuit before shaking himself out of it. He blushed a horrible red, angry at himself for letting his glance slip. And then Percy was walking over to him. "Hey, Nico, watcha' doin' over here all by yourself? Volleyball not your thing?" he asked, drying his hair with a towel roughly. His heart skipped a beat. Those beautiful black locks, flopping onto his smooth forehead, dripping water. He must've chosen to get wet this time. Nico was very grateful he had, before he corrected himself. Or tried to. Then he realized Percy was waiting for an answer. "Not particularly," he said quietly, scooting further into the shade of the umbrella. He liked the sun, and didn't get to see a lot of it, but he would feel awkward being in just swim trunks around people, forget Percy. "What about the water? Not your style?" he asked, plopping next to him. His heart beat faster. He wanted to scream. Confliction was something that did not suit Nico well, and he felt panicked. Percy was sitting… next to him. Nico remained silent. Percy laughed, shoving him. "You've got to be kidding. You don't like the water? Come on, that's like the only good part of coming to the beach. You have to come in." Nico's eyes went wide, and Percy laughed. "Yeah, you have to come in. Either that or you have to go play volleyball." "I really don't want to, Percy." His voice was sharp enough to cut skin, and he even winced at his tone. Percy shrunk back a little, eyes darkening. Oh look, you've made him upset. Can't do anything right, can you, Nico? Can't love right, can't screw up right, can't do anything right. "It helps, you know," Percy replied quietly, looking down at his feet. Nico's head shot to look at him, startled. "The water. It helps. It relaxes you to the point where you can almost forget it, you know?" His voice was barely a whisper now, but he was all Nico could hear above the rush of blood in his head. Percy looked broken. Not all the time. He usually looked so strong, so carefree, but Tartarus had snapped something inside the demigod. Nico had noticed it. The way he jumped, a glint in his eyes that was either from fear or his drive to protect. Some days, both. The way his eyes would occasionally flash with this fear; no, not fear. That wasn't a strong enough word. It was the pure terror that still overcame Nico's sleep and woke him up, sweating and screaming. "Okay." His mouth was moving before his thoughts caught up. Nico couldn't control it. He needed to make Percy happy, he needed that, at least. If he couldn't have him, then at least he could do everything to make him happy. Subtly. His ears burned bright and hot. Percy smiled, and the brokenness was shielded once more. "Great. Maybe I'll teach you how to surf, eh?" he laughed, slapping Nico's knee as he headed back towards the water. Nico looked once more towards the volleyball game, only to see Jason smiling at him. He made a little motion with his hands, telling Nico to get his butt in the water. Nico's heart fluttered. This was nothing, this was nothing. He survived Tartarus, he survived Cupid, he had survived everything. This was literally a walk on the beach. But nonetheless, his hands shook as he pulled off his t-shirt and covered himself in sunscreen. The sand warmed in between his toes as he walked towards the water, trying to keep his breathing normal. Oh gods, he was actually doing this. Percy waved at him, a couple feet out, patiently waiting for him to make the descent into the water. Nico sighed, then took a step into the water. The water wasn't that cold, and he slowly made his ways towards Percy. "Exactly what part of this is relaxing?" Nico asked, arms folded across his chest. There were a lot of scars there, but the worst part was his scrawniness. He had retained a lot of muscle, and got more with every fight, every training session, but he was struggling to gain back all the weight he had lost. Nico had lost over forty pounds, from Tartarus to the seeds to the war, but so far had gained back maybe ten. He knew it wasn't healthy, but it was hard. Food just didn't settle with him nowadays. Percy grinned. "We're gonna play with some fish." When Nico shot him a questioning look, he just smiled bigger. Dang, that smile… It melted his heart. Pangs shot through him. No, bad Nico, bad. You're just here to relax, and that's it. Don't focus on the way his hair falls, or the water dripping from his chest… Dammit! "Just hold my hand until we get there, okay? I can't lose anyone else. Annabeth nearly killed me that time I let go and she, uh, well, nearly drowned." His heart stopped. Hold. His. Hand?! Someone really, really hated him. Nico took his hand, ignoring how they fit perfectly together. Percy nodded at him, and they plunged under. He formed an air bubble around their heads and they began swimming into deeper waters. "What are we looking for?" Nico asked, trying to come off as casual and not at all panicked. "There's some hippocampi that are really, really playful. Tyson and I visit them a lot. They like new friends." Percy looked him up and down. "They don't mind, you know. They play with almost anyone." Nico was about to give him a strange look when he remembered; animals normally hated him. Or feared him. Both? Either way, they tended to avoid him. He was used to it by now, but there were some days were he really, really wanted a dog. "Are you sure? I wouldn't want to bother them…" Nico trailed off. Percy shook his head. "Yeah, it's cool. They'll love you. Just let them get used to you first. Then we'll play some ball." Before Nico could ask anymore questions, a hippocampus rammed straight into Percy. Their air bubble split in two, one around Percy's head, the other around Nico's. Percy spiraled backwards, laughing. "Hey, Popsicle, nice to see you too." Catching Nico's eye, Percy explained, "He really likes Popsicles. And no, I do not have any Popsicles on me. Well, that's too bad!" Nico stifled a laugh. A warm feeling spread through his chest, and he tried to shut it down, but it wouldn't. It made his happy, seeing him like this. Three other hippocampi came swimming towards them and Percy nuzzled and laughed with and hammed it up with all of them. Popsicle slowly made his way towards Nico. He gently pushed Nico, as if inviting him to pet him. Nico slowly put his hand on his back, and Popsicle didn't flinch. He neighed- did hippocampi neigh?- and Nico smiled. Then he laughed. And then he couldn't stop, laughing so hard it brought tears to his eyes. Something wasn't bothered by him! Something-this creature, this innocent, happy-go-lucky creature actually liked him. He didn't try to run away, he didn't push him away, he didn't try to trample Nico. Popsicle seemed to like him well enough. Nico pressed the hippocampus's head towards his chest, his arms wrapped around it. He grinned wider than he had since, well, he hadn't grinned that wide in a long time. "Hey, Nico, you ready to play?" Nico nodded, releasing Popsicle. "All you have to do it try to get the ball of seaweed into the goal. It's really simple, but I'm warning you now, Rainbow here isn't afraid of hitting anyone around." Nico nodded. "Let's play." Nico was on a team with Popsicle and Perry the Hippocampi, opposite Percy with Rainbow and James (When Nico asked why James, Percy simply shrugged and said he liked the name). It was more than a little hard communicating with his teammates, but they figured out a basic system of communication. One tail swish, yes, two tail swish, no. They swam, and passed the ball, and shoved into one another rather roughly. It was fun. Nico couldn't keep the smile off his face. He wasn't as fast as the hippocampi or Percy, but he held his own. He was proud of that. Percy's team won, but he was okay with that. They came in an actually pretty close second. He felt his heart beat