Synopsis : After Voldemort's defeat, Harry discovers a hard truth - seeing the future really sucks. (PWP) (HP/SS Pre-Slash) Disclaimer : I own nothing. Notes : This is the first of two parts. This story started as a drabble, then kept growing - I was having fun exploring just how horrifying seeing the future could be. This is unbeta-d so all mistakes are mine. Warnings: This story contains some minor HP/SS slash . There is nothing explicit, as it is not the focus of the story. But if the idea of a same-sex relationship bothers you, please proceed with caution. Seeing Tomorrow: Part 1 of 2 Her heartbeat rises, thumping louder and louder as her shaking hand reaches forwards. A drop of sweat beads at her brow and panicked eyes dart back and forth. Her desperation to escape this mess unscathed is all consuming. Realizing there is no one around to help, she returns her gaze to the problem in front of her. The quill in her hand presses against her parchment and she begins to write. 'Basilisk fangs are commonly used in potions in order to counter the otherwise explosive effects triggered by using Acromantula hairs…' Harry sits up in bed with a groan. "Seriously?" he mutters darkly as he rubs the sleep out of his eyes and casts a Tempus charm. 5:47 am, late enough to not even bother trying to go back to sleep. Not that the teen would really want to sleep again if it meant risking another boring glimpse of Daphne Greengrass panicking over a potions exam. Though, now that he is thinking about it, Harry figures it wouldn't hurt to study up on the questions he saw on Daphne's test. Quickly casting a Lumos and pulling out his text, Harry settles in to spend the rest of the pre-dawn winter morning prepping for a quiz bound to happen sometime soon. His mind can't focus fully on the words in his text book. Instead, his mind drifts back, running through his memories about how his current nightmarish situation had come to pass. ….. When the dreams started, it took Harry didn't realize what was really going on. Recovering from his final battle against the megalomaniac Voldemort, the teen had simply assumed that his relief at no longer having the threat of death hanging over him like an executioner's blade was finally allowing his unconscious mind to relax into what the wizard assumed were the tedious, normal dreams of tedious, normal life. At first, it was gloriously freeing - the nightmares that had plagued his sleep for years were replaced by dreams of safe, innocuous events: Ron eating a rotten egg, Hermione going through an attic and finding a familiar childhood toy, Neville finding a rare plant in his grandmother's garden. However it took less than a month for the novelty of fear-free drams to fade. After fifteen straight nights of boring, clear, dreams, Harry could admit to himself that he almost missed the nightmares. He was unused to boring life and boring dreams. About when Harry was getting desperate for a way to stop these dreams, things changed again. Harry woke from another overly-clear dream featuring Tonks nearly destroying the Grimmauld Place kitchen with her clumsiness. Giving up on sleep entirely, the boy padded downstairs to find some breakfast. As he rounded the corner, he had heard loud shouts and curses coming from the kitchen. Opening the door revealed the scene Harry had just woken from - Remus held a pixie in one fist and a platter of eggs in another. Tonks lay sprawled amid a mess of fallen pancakes and toast on the floor. And Sirius was howling in laughter from where he was crouching on top of the kitchen table. "Oh man, Harry, you would not believe what you just missed!" The teen's godfather had snorted, taking a few deep breaths as if to calm himself before bursting into a fresh gale of laughter. Harry had simply sat on the only intact chair left and watched the remnants of the chaos. In that instant, he had realized that his life, once again, was royally fucked. …. Summer had slowly faded into fall, which had in turn faded into winter. By the time Hogwarts is firmly covered in a constant mid-November blanket of snow, Harry has figured out a bit more about what was happening to him. First, the dreams are visions. He'd figured out as much after that startling revelation in Grimmauld's grimy kitchen, but it had taken him a while to fully accept that he had somehow unlocked the ability to see into the future. Second, the visions only ever feature people Harry knew personally. Often they are simply passing acquaintances - schoolmates or shopkeepers he's interacted with a few times. Other times they were of people Harry is more familiar with. He isn't sure which is worse, as either way he feels like an intruder. Third, most of the events shown in the visions happen within the next 48 hours. He'd had a few that hadn't come true until almost a week after, but for the most his visions seem to be of the very immediate future. And finally, the visions are going to drive Harry completely insane. Being forced to watch tedious drivel or embarrassingly private moments every single night wears thin on his patience. He almost misses the days of terror and Death Eater threats. At least if he were still in the midst of a war, the ability to see visions of the future might be useful. But as it is, Harry can see no the point in seeing the future since the future these days is dull as rocks. ….. As Harry eats breakfast that morning, he can't help but notice Greengrass sitting at her normal spot among the Slytherins. She takes a few slices of toast, jam, juice and begins to eat without saying anything to her peers. It's a scene so normal Harry almost thinks he's having another dreadfully boring vision. But this time it's just the present. Just Harry's real life reflecting the tedium of his dreams. Or is it the dreams reflecting his life? Harry bites back a frustrated sigh - he figures he must be pretty selfish to miss days of war simply because he's bored. "-wonder if I should have gone more in depth about the… Harry, are you listening?" Harry snaps back to attention, giving Hermione an apologetic grin and tearing his eyes away from Greengrass. "Sorry, 'Mione. Still a bit early," the boy responds, smiling at the girl and taking another serving of sausage. "It's never too early to think about our future, Harry. McGonagall said the subject from our assignment will be featured prominently in our N.E.W.T.s! We need to be careful not to miss anything." "Thinking about the future, huh," Harry murmurs, looking back across the hall towards Greengrass. Maybe that's what Harry needs to do. As a seed of an idea forms in his head, he does his best to calm his friend. "I don't think you need to worry about forgetting anything important, Mione. Besides, if you do forget something, McGonagall will let you know and you can study it plenty before the exams." While Hermione ponders that tidbit, Harry looks over at the Slytherin table again. Greengrass is leaving the table and heading out of the main hall. Harry hesitates only a moment before shaking his head and excusing himself from breakfast. "See you at Potions, 'Mione!" he calls as he strides quickly out of the hall. Harry still isn't sure if he should play along with his mind's insanity or not. But maybe doing something about his boring visions will give him a way make his daily life less boring. At the very least, it might keep him a bit busier. Mind made up, Harry calls out to the girl just outside of the Potions classroom. "Hey, Greengrass!" The blonde witch stops in her tracks. When she turns to face Harry, her face is the definition of wary and confused. "Potter." "Uh...I was, uh…" Harry stumbles a bit. This is more awkward than he'd expected. "I was trying to remember. Basilisk fangs are used to counterbalance the explosive effects of Yeti fur, not Acromantula hairs, right? I keep getting them mixed up." Daphne's expression grows even more confused. Harry mentally curses his crappy attempt to give the girl a hint to help her later. After a long moment of silence, Harry surrenders and bows out of the situation with an awkward laugh. "I guess I'll just look it up." He slides to the ground, sitting against the wall and pulling out his book. He'd already read the section the test will cover several times this morning, but he needs something to do to hide from his embarrassment. Soon after, another figure sits down not far from him. Harry bites his lip to hide a satisfied grin when he sees Daphne Greengrass pulling out her own book and flipping through the pages. Later, when Snape sneers at the class and passes out a 'surprise' pop quiz, Harry glances over at Greengrass. She looks calmer than she had in his vision, almost smiling as she reads through the questions. And for the first time, Harry admits that maybe his worthless visions aren't so worthless after all. … "Harry, mate, wanna play some exploding snap?" Ron's voice rings through Harry's mind and the teen turns away from where he'd been blankly staring into the fire. The smiling redhead waves a pack of cards towards Harry with a big grin on his face. "Maybe tomorrow, Ron. Not sure I'm up for it today," Harry says, sighing and trying to give an apologetic smile. Ron just scowls at Harry. "That's what you said yesterday, Harry." "Well, I meant it then too," Harry snaps. He doesn't want to fight over this but he doesn't feel like doing anything right now. "I just don't feel like games right now, okay?" Ron's quiet a moment as he stares at his friend. Harry knows that Ron had noticed his lack of interest in a lot of things lately. But Ron is as reliable as ever when it comes to being reluctant to talk about 'emotions' and 'feelings'. "You okay, mate?" Harry winces and replies quickly, "Yeah, Ron. Just… getting used to things again, you know?" "You've been waking up in the middle of the night a lot. Don't think I haven't noticed. Is it nightmares again?" Ron asks as he sets the cards aside and sits on the couch beside his friend. Nightmares? Harry can't help but smile and think that things would be much easier if that were the case. Then he looks at his best friend and wonders why he doesn't just tell the redhead what's been happening lately. Having someone to talk to might help him deal with the stress of the visions. Harry is about to confess the truth when he recalls Ron's many outbursts of jealousy over the years, even about things Harry couldn't help. "Yeah, just some nightmares. Nothing too bad though." Harry lies. As he sees Ron accept the obvious lie, Harry promises himself he'll tell Ron and Hermione the truth. Soon. Eventually. He just had to find the right time. …... Harry comes awake Thursday morning gagging and groaning, pressing his hands into his eyes in a vain attempt to purge the image of a masturbating Colin Creevy from his brain. While helping Daphne avoid getting a question wrong on a pop quiz had been oddly satisfying, Harry sure as Salazar wasn't going to warn Colin about the dangers of using a film-development potion for personal lubricating purposes. Dear Merlin, Harry was never going to be able to look Colin in the eye again. …. Harry skips breakfast, not willing to risk running into Colin at the Gryffindor table. Instead, he one again finds himself sitting on the ground outside of the potions classroom.