Written for tumblr's Prompts in Panem's Farwell Tour. Round 8, the 7 deadly sins: Lust. I've been pretty busy lately and I haven't had much time for fan fiction. This PIP gave me the opportunity to stretch those muscles a bit. Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games; I'm just borrowing the characters. "Hey, Katniss, it's Peeta Mellark. Listen, I know this is late notice, but I was wondering if you'd be available to sit for me tonight. Something came up and I'd need you here around 5. Call me back when you can. Thanks." Katniss groaned. She had a major test tomorrow that she really needed to study for. She'd already been accepted into college, but the university had warned her that if she didn't keep up her grades senior year, they could withdraw her acceptance. And going to college was key to getting herself and Prim out of their house on Seam Street. On the other hand, she wasn't really in a position to turn down a night of tax- free money. The Mellarks paid well. Besides, Rye was a good kid. At four years old, a showing of Toy Story and a nighttime snack was usually all it took to pacify him. Then it would be bedtime for the toddler and she'd be free to study. She hit the "call back" button on her phone and Mr. Mellark answered on the first ring. She assured him that, yes, she was available and yes, she would see him and Mrs. Mellark at 5PM sharp. Her mom dropped her off at the Mellark's on her way to work the night shift at the hospital. Katniss approached the large oak doors that adorned the front of the massive brick house. She had been here often enough and they were already expecting her, so she pushed open the door without ringing the bell. "Katniss!" A blur of unruly blonde hair and blue- striped pajamas raced to her and hugged her tightly around the knees. "Hi Rye," Katniss said, ruffling the little boy's hair. "Where are your parents?" "Upstairs. Wanna play blocks with me?" "Of course," she said. "Lead the way." Rye led her past the formal living and dining rooms to his playroom just off the kitchen. It was the kind of room Katniss could only dream of as a child, stocked floor- to- ceiling with every kind of toy imaginable. But Rye only ever wanted to play with his blocks. He liked to construct the "tallest towers ever" and then promptly knock them down, scattering the blocks all over the pristine floor. They had moved onto their third "tallest tower ever" when Peeta Mellark turned up in the doorway to the playroom. Barely 30 and gorgeous, with crystal clear blue eyes, a broad chest, and tousled blond hair, he made something in Katniss's stomach flutter every time he walked into a room. The crisp, expertly tailored tuxedo he was sporting tonight did nothing to help matters. "Oh, Katniss, I'm so glad you're here. I hate to do this to you on a school night," he said, with every air of sincerity. Katniss waved her hand through the air. "It's no problem, really. I brought homework with me. I can study here just as well as I can at home." He smiled at her, revealing two rows of perfect white teeth. "I've got a last minute work function to go to. My business partner, Finnick was supposed to go instead, but he's stuck at home with a sick child and a pregnant wife, so I took pity on him. Hopefully we won't be out too late. Rye, here, has had his bath, but no dinner yet. The kitchen's fully stocked; help yourself to whatever you like. And Rye?" he said, commanding the little boy's attention, "You be good for Katniss, okay?" "I will, daddy," Rye promised. "Good. Come here and give me a hug, buddy." Rye abandoned his blocks and jumped into his father's arms, who raised him high into the air before bringing him down and planting a sloppy kiss on his cheek. Rye giggled. "Daddy! Yuck!" He wiped his check with the sleeve of his shirt. Peeta chuckled. "I'll see you when you wake up for school in the morning, okay?" "Can we have dinosaur oatmeal for breakfast?" Rye asked. "Of course we can! It's a date," Peeta promised. "Now if I can just get your mother down here… Delly!" he called, "Delly, we're going to be late!" "Christ, Peeta, I'm coming!" called a voice from the staircase, and Delly Mellark appeared, clad in a black evening gown that hugged her ample curves in all the right places. Even with her preoccupied air whilst looping diamond earring through her earlobe, the woman was pretty enough to make Katniss feel inadequate on any given day. Now with her hair carefully styled in soft, blond curls that cascaded down her back and her makeup applied to perfection, she looked simply radiant. Peeta and Delly Mellark were the perfect couple. "You can't just spring something like this on me at the last minute and expect me to jump at your beck and call the second you need to leave. Now were is my purse?" "It's right here," Peeta said, handing it to her. "Ready to go?" She snatched the purse from him, blew a kiss to Rye, and called a quick 'thank you' to Katniss over her shoulder. Peeta gave Katniss a wink and a last smile before closing the front door behind him. Pushing down the renewed fluttering, Katniss turned her attention back to her small charge. "So, Rye, what do you want for dinner? Mac and cheese or chicken nuggets?" The boy turned his blue eyes heavenward and stuck his tongue between his teeth, clearly thinking hard. "Both!" he said finally, giving her the same shit- eating grin that his father did. Stinker. The promise of getting to have both of his favorite foods was enough to convince Rye to play on his own for a bit while Katniss started on dinner. She supposed she should probably incorporate some veggies into the meal- chicken nuggets and mac and cheese weren't the healthiest options after all- but she was the babysitter, and her job was to be fun. Let his parents push broccoli and green beans on him. His parents. She had known Mr. and Mrs. Mellark for over a year now, and had been babysitting for Rye just as long. Her Uncle Haymitch, who was the lawyer on retainer at Peeta's company, had recommended her to Peeta when he learned that the Mellarks were looking for a sitter. Years of taking care of Prim practically on her own while her mother worked nights as a nurse and slept during the day had made Katniss an expert with children. For the most part, Rye was putty in her hands. The tough part was his father. Peeta's presence always made Katniss jumpy. She'd never known a man so attractive and funny and kind. He made the immature boys that went to her school like Cato and Marvel look wholeheartedly unappealing by comparison. Katniss's eyes wandered to the photos on the wall of the living room adjacent to the kitchen. The largest was a framed portrait of Peeta and Delly on their wedding day that hung above the fireplace. Both of them looked stunning in their wedding finery, even though the small bump that was Rye was just visible under Delly's dress. Katniss had wondered on occasion if that was why they had gotten married in the first place. She could never understand how Delly had ended up with someone like Peeta. The woman hardly spared Katniss a glance anytime she came over and she lacked any of the charismatic warmth her husband seemed to possess in droves. Then again, maybe it was true what they said about opposites… shit! Katniss grabbed the handle of the boiled- over pot and removed it from the heat in a flash. That's what she got for letting her mind wander. The water simmered down immediately and upon further inspection, the noodles were done anyway. While Rye gobbled down his dinner with a side of organic applesauce for good measure, Katniss cut two thick slices of bread from the fresh loaf in the breadbox and made herself a sandwich. One thing she loved about coming here was that the Mellarks always had delicious, fresh bakery bread in the house. She had no idea which bakery it came from, but it certainly wasn't the Walmart where she bought all of her family's groceries. Rye's selection of a bedtime movie was, predictably, of the Toy Story persuasion. This time, it was the third one. Katniss had seen each of the three with him several times over, and she had to admit this one was her personal favorite. It resonated with her. Leaving childhood behind and embracing adulthood is a theme with which she was intimately familiar. The damn movie made her cry every time. After the last bars of You've Got a Friend in Me, (Rye always insisted on watching the credits) it was time for bed. "Is my daddy comin' home?" a tearful Rye asked Katniss when he was tucked snugly into bed, only his little face peeking out from beneath the blankets. She was prepared for this. Separation anxiety usually kicked in about now for Rye when he was tired and at his crankiest. "Of course," she promised. "Remember, he said he would be here when you woke up? You two have a breakfast date in the morning." Rye sniffled. "Tell you what, Rye. You close your eyes and think of happy things, and when you wake up he'll be here." Katniss stroked his curls, and Rye tucked his favorite stuffie close to his chest. She stayed with him until his breathing became rhythmic and deep, then tiptoed out of the room. Katniss was lounging in the living room watching the enormous flat screen TV- and decidedly not studying- when Mr. and Mrs. Mellark arrived home. "How was he?" Mr. Mellark asked, perching next to her on the couch. Katniss's body thrummed with energy and she tried to remember how to form words to answer him. "Um, fine. He was good. A little teary at bedtime, you know, but otherwise we had fun." She gave him what she hoped was a reassuring smile. Mr. Mellark grinned. "Did he make you watch Toy Story again?" "The third one," she affirmed. He chuckled. "I swear I can't wait until he picks a new favorite. I could probably quote every one of those movies from beginning to end just from memory." "I bet Rye can, too," she said. He threw back his head and laughed, eyes sparkling in the same special way every time they discussed his son. "Well, Katniss, we should probably get you home. Delly, do you have the checkbook?" Mrs. Mellark appeared again, rummaging through her purse. She handed the checkbook to her husband, and with a polite but stiff, "Goodnight, Katniss," disappeared upstairs. "Sorry about that; she's just tired," Peeta said, glancing upstairs towards his wife. "We really weren't expecting to go out tonight." He pulled a pen from his suit jacket and flipped open the checkbook. Katniss loved Peeta's car. It had a million satellite radio stations and heated seats that warmed her rear end as he sped down the highway toward Seam Street where she lived. As quiet as Katniss was, Peeta was equally as talkative. Their conversations never lagged for long. He always made sure to ask about school and how her sister, Prim was doing. Unlike other people who might ask the same questions, he genuinely cared about the answers. When he pulled into her driveway, Mr. Mellark killed the engine and turned in his seat to face Katniss. Her heart skipped a beat. "Listen, Katniss, I was hoping I could make a standing arrangement with you. Delly and I have,