A/N: Just a little fic that wouldn't leave my brain, so I had to write it down. Takes place after Mockingjay, pre- epilogue. Even though it's mentioned in the description, I thought I'd mention again that this story contains adult content (read: sex) so don't read if you're sensitive about that kind of thing. Anything you recognize from the books is not mine. Enjoy! "Katniss?" Peeta's warm breath tickles my ear. "Hmm?" I murmur. I'm almost asleep for the night, folded into his warm embrace. It's part of the comfortable routine we've adopted over the past few months. We've found that being together makes coping, functioning, breathing, healing just a little easier. "You never answered my question about the nights on the train." All traces of sleep vanish from my body as I absorb his words. I've been avoiding this conversation like the plague ever since he brought it up a few weeks ago. " We slept together on the trains. Real or not real?" He'd sprung the question on me one night just as I'd popped one of his fresh, still steaming hot cheese buns into my mouth. I gagged and the sizzling cheese had promptly burned my tongue. After much gasping and gulping of water, I'd gone straight to bed without another word to Peeta. When he came to lie beside me hours later, I pretended to be asleep and he made no mention of the incident in the morning. It had been forgotten until now. Peeta is still waiting patiently for my answer and I know this conversation has to happen eventually. We're supposed to be moving on. Pushing forward. Healing. The only way to do that is to answer his question honestly, so I roll over in his arms to face him. "Well, it was like we are now. We both had nightmares after the Games, so we slept together. It helped, having someone there to wake me up from the bad dreams- you were the only thing that kept me going through all that time in the districts and the Capitol. You held me together, kept me sane. You once told me that I did the same for you." I say, hoping this will be a sufficient enough answer for him, although I know it won't. "Okay," he says slowly. I can see him struggling to accept the information I've given him. And here it comes, I think. Sure enough a second later he says, "But I mean, was it just sleep? Was there… more?" Even though it's dark, there's still enough moonlight that I can see he's blushing. The memories flood back to me and I blush myself. The gentle kisses and caresses of that night, the slightly awkward fumbling of two inexperienced lovers, the taste, and finally the heavenly smell of him. Fresh bread and cinnamon, dill and musk. Just…Peeta. Oh . I bury my face in his bare chest, wanting to remember the smell. His chest is no longer smooth, but covered in battle scars and burns that have only just begun to heal. The uneven patches of his skin are rough against my forehead, but I lean in closer and take a deep whiff anyway to find that the smell is still there, miraculously unchanged unlike the rest of him. "I'm sorry I have to ask," he whispers, his chin resting on the top of my head and drawing his arms tighter around me. "But Haymitch didn't know, and you're the only one who can tell me." His words shock me out of my hazy memories of touches and tastes and smells. "You asked Haymitch!" I gasp, horrified that Peeta has been talking about that , of all things with our mentor. "I'm sorry, Katniss. But I needed answers, and you weren't ready to give them." He's right and I know it. I have no right to be angry with him for this, not while he's still stuck in a kind of hellish limbo between reality and shiny, venom-induced fiction. I can't reverse the torture, I can't take back the past, but I can help make him whole again. I owe him that. So I roll onto my back when I answer him, my eyes trained on the moonlit ceiling. "Once." I hear his sharp intake of breath as he echoes me, "Once?" "Well, not on the trains, but in the training center. Before the Quell," I say, hoping I won't have to elaborate further. The memory of that night is something that I have been trying to block out for a while, because honestly, it confuses me. I know how I felt when it happened-I was going to die and he was going to live. Being with Peeta, giving him one last bit of myself for him to remember was right. But all the events that had followed left my thoughts and emotions a tangled mess. It wasn't difficult to shove the jumble of confusion and feelings to the back of my mind with so much happening. And okay, maybe I just didn't want to deal with them then. "Do you remember anything about that day?" I ask, suddenly curious. He's squeezing his eyes shut tight, trying desperately to remember. He shakes his head, frustrated, and then turns those impossibly blue eyes on me. "Remind me?" he says. You owe him this. I remind myself. You owe the Boy with the Bread. And so I begin. "Haymitch and Effie gave us the day off before the Quell started…Actually," I amend, "they were mad at us. We both scored a 12 in our private sessions with the Gamemakers." Peeta nods, remembering this. He's seen the footage of the televised scores. "So we went up to the roof of the training center. We spent the whole day up there. You sketched, and I watched. We were just… ourselves. It was nice, for a change, not having to fake anything, not fighting to save each other's lives. It was one of the happiest, most peaceful days of my life." I admit, and I feel my own blush creep into my cheeks at my confession. And then Peeta, with his eyes shut again says, "Apples. We played with apples." He opens his eyes and looks to me for confirmation. "Yes," I say, happy that it's coming back to him. "We bounced that thing off the force field for hours." "I remember wind chimes, and flowers, and… your hair. It was out of its braid," he says, his hand finding my plaited hair at once. He strokes the end for a moment before pulling the elastic from the bottom and combing his fingers through the plaits. He does this for a few minutes before I realize I've been watching him do this, mesmerized. More to break my trance than anything, I say, "So it's coming back to you?" "Bits and pieces. Not the full memory, but I can tell it's there, just out of reach. What happened next?" he prompts me. His fingers are still in my hair, combing, stroking, and it feels so impossibly good. It's true that I've gradually allowed him back into my bed, and every once in a while we get a kiss in, but I've been so cautious about keeping my distance from him, afraid of hoping that my old Peeta will return to me. Because I know he won't. He'll never be the same again. Yet his fingers threading through my hair feels so much like the old Peeta that it's easy to keep talking. Maybe sharing this memory will bring him back to me, if only for a moment. "We watched the sunset, and then we went back to my room." I remember the crushing fear that if we separated, even for a minute, our doors would lock and I would have to spend the night without him. I tell him this, and about how I went to take my shower and then he got his turn. "I was brushing my hair when you came out of the bathroom in a towel." As I say it, I can clearly picture Peeta emerging from the steamy bathroom, clutching the small towel around his waist and grumbling something about having to put his dirty boxers back on because none of my pajamas would fit him. I never hear his exact words because I'm focused on the way his dripping, tousled, blonde hair hangs over those blue eyes. My stomach swoops low in my abdomen as I appreciate his well- muscled chest, still shiny and wet from the shower and the steam. Months of training like Careers have given him defined bicep and back muscles, which stretch sinuously under his pale skin as he bends to retrieve his discarded underwear. When he straightens up and catches me looking, he blinks those long lashes curiously, his eyes boring into mine. Even with his prosthetic, Peeta looks like some sort of god in this moment. And I want him. Just the memory of it sends wet heat pooling in my core. Makes my heart pound a bit faster, and I'm glad I'm not directly snuggled up against Peeta or he might notice my body's reaction. I continue now without his prompting as more memories flood back to me. "We kissed. I don't know who initiated it; we sort of just fell into it. And… it was different than the others. It was our first real kiss. No cameras, no audience, just us." His hand gently cups my face and his lips are so deliciously warm and soft against my own. For the first time since the cave so many months before, I feel that hunger- that desire for him. I stumble backward toward my bed, dragging him with me but not breaking the kiss, which is growing hungrier with each passing second. Peeta's tongue traces my lower lip and I open my mouth to allow him access. When the back of my knees hit the mattress, I fall back and he lowers himself over me- one hand fisted in my damp hair, the other on my hip. "We ended up on the bed. You…touched me." My voice catches as his other hand- the one not threading through my hair- finds my hip and begins tracing soft circles on the sensitive skin there. "Like this?" His lips are so close to my ear that his soft, warm breath sends shivers down my spine. "Yes," I whisper. "Keep going," he murmurs. His lips are at my collarbone, skimming the flesh with gentle kisses. My fingers find the hem of my pajama top, but Peeta's hand closes around my wrist, preventing me from pulling it up. " Are you sure?" he asks, his eyes blazing with arousal and need and… love . I know that we've reached a sort of turning point. Once we cross this line, there is no going back. " Yes," I answer firmly. Because if I am sure of anything, it's that Peeta loves me. I know that I have one more day before I'm in that Arena, before I have to face the death sentence that Snow has placed upon my head. The least I can do is give him something to remember my by when I'm gone and he's out there, rallying the rebels into action with his gift of words. As one of my final acts on this earth I will give him a last memory of me to hold onto. My heart is hammering against my ribcage and I'm so overwhelmed with memories that it's becoming difficult to get the words out, but I continue the story as Peeta requested. "You touched my breasts." My voice falters as his large hand slides up into my shirt and begins slowly massaging the swollen flesh. He brushes his fingers across my nipples, which are already hard in my arousal for him. I take note of Peeta's own hardness, pressed firmly against my thigh. I'm not quite sure what to do.