Written for EverlarkianArchive's Movies in the Month of May challenge on tumblr. I do not own The Hunger Games or The Blue Lagoon . " The thing had been conducted just as the birds conduct their love affairs. An affair absolutely natural, absolutely blameless and without sin. A marriage according to Nature, without feasts or guests, consummated with accidental cynicism under the shadow of a religion a thousand years dead." ― Henry de Vere Stacpoole, The Blue Lagoon The massive ship cut through the crystal clear ocean like a warm knife through butter. The day was fine and breezy; the cool, salty sea air stinging the wind burnt faces of the two children perched atop the bowsprit. The little girl relished the spray of the sea on her cheeks and the breeze in her hair, free of its bonnet for what felt like the first time in all of her seven years. The little boy set his eyes on the sun sinking in the horizon, turning the sky the most brilliant shade of orange imaginable. His only regret was that he had no paints onboard the ship to memorialize the occasion. "Hey you kids! Git down from there! It's dangerous!" The children scrambled back to the deck at once, heeding their elder's warning. They recognized the man staring back at them as a sailor on the ship with his long, tangled hair and intimidating leer. "I'm sorry, sir," The boy said, gazing up at the older man through long blond eyelashes. "We only wanted to know if we could see Panem from here; we weren't trying to cause any trouble." The girl nodded fervently beside him. "Who're you two travelin' with?" The sailor asked. "My father," the boy answered promptly. "Arthur Mellark." "Hmmm, well let's find this Arthur Mellark then." The sailor grabbed the children by the scruffs of their necks and led them down the deck of the ship. He smelled strongly of the rum so favored by many of the crew. "Peeta! Katniss!" A well- dressed man appeared panting from the lower level of the ship. "Where on earth… I've been looking for you two all over." "Found 'em dangling off the bowsprit, sir," the sailor said. "My heavens! Children, come here at once!" "We're sorry, Uncle Arthur," the little girl called Katniss mumbled. "Yes, we only wanted to see-" Peeta began, but his father cut him off. "It does not matter why you did it, Peeta. Now thank this gentleman for saving you before you plummeted to your death." Peeta turned his admonished blue eyes on the sailor. "Thank you, Mr…" "Abernathy," the sailor said. "Abernathy," the boy recited. "We won't do it again." Mr. Abernathy grunted to the children and nodded to Mr. Mellark before disappearing below deck. Arthur Mellark gave a resigned sigh, placing a gentle hand on each child's head. "I know you fancy yourselves adventurers, but the deck of a ship is a dangerous thing. It is no place to play around. I want both of you to make it to Panem in one piece. Do you understand?" The children nodded. "Good. Now off to bed for the both of you." Once tucked snugly into their shared pallet in the dark compartment, Katniss rolled over to face Peeta. She could tell he was still awake in the absence of his deep breathing. "I think I saw Heaven from the bowsprit today," she whispered. "Where my mother and father live now. Just beyond the sunset, Peeta. I saw it." The boy's eyes fluttered open to meet her earnest gaze, and though he was scarcely a year older than her, he knew better than to contest her on this point. "I saw it too," he whispered back. Her eyes opened so wide that Peeta could clearly see their sparking gray depths, even in the total darkness surrounding them. "It was beautiful, wasn't it?" "Tell me what it's like," she begged, and he obliged, wrapping his arms around her tiny frame. She snuggled into his side, and he began. "Heaven is the best place in the whole entire world. The sky looks like the sunset all the time, with pink and red and orange streaks all blending together into the most beautiful eventide you can ever imagine. There's trees to climb up and meadows to play in and the air is always fresh with the scent of wildflowers. Any time you want fresh bread or cheese buns or pastries, they appear right in front of you, still warm and ready to eat. And best of all, everyone you love is there. Your mother and father, and… and my big brother…" Peeta paused in his description to find that Katniss was already deep asleep next to him. The gentle swaying of the ship combined with his own, soothing voice must have lulled her into dreamland. He pressed a kiss to her forehead and settled his head on the pillow right next to hers so that the tip of her nose tickled his cheek, and drifted into slumber almost quickly as she had. It felt like no time at all when the pair was being shaken roughly awake by a dark figure looming above them. "Wake up!" the gruff voice boomed out in the dark. "We have to move!" Rubbing her eyes blearily, Katniss rolled off the pallet and reached for her dressing gown and shoes. "No, there's no time fer that!" The man grabbed the children by the scruffs of their necks and pushed them toward the narrow staircase leading to the deck of the ship. The sun had not yet appeared on the eastern horizon when Katniss and Peeta stumbled out onto the main deck, but the chaos was evident even in the dark of night. Passengers and sailors alike scrambled around frantically in an obvious panic. Great tufts of thick gray smoke billowing up from a trapdoor at the back end of the ship was the obvious reason for the chaos. "Gunpowder," the brusque voice said from behind, and the children recognized that it was Mr. Abernathy once more. "It's gonna blow and there ain't nothin' we can do to stop it. This way!" He herded the children to the port side where a small rowboat awaited. One boat was in the water already, full of people and headed away from the certain disaster. "Your daddy's comin' son," Mr. Abernathy said in response to the anxiety on Peeta's face. "I promised him I'd get you two outta' here. Let's go!" Katniss and Peeta scrambled into the boat and clung tightly to each other as the man climbed in after and lowered all three of them into the black water below. As soon as the tiny boat hit the surface, he grabbed the oars, and with each powerful stroke of his arms, took them further away from the doomed ship. It was not a moment too soon. No sooner were they a few hundred yards from the ship that the inevitable explosion occurred with an earth-shaking BOOM. Katniss covered her ears and tucked her face into Peeta's chest. He put his thin arms around her just like he did in their bed at night, in every effort to protect her. Debris rained down around them, but Mr. Abernathy kept rowing until they were out of its range before slumping over, exhausted and panting for breath. In the ear- ringing silence that followed, Peeta could swear he heard his father's voice calling out to them in the smoke- filled air. Far in the distance, the faintest cries of, "Peeta, son! Katniss! Where are you!?" "Father!" he called out. "Father, we're here!" "Uncle Arthur!" Katniss chimed in, "Help us; we're over here!" There was no answering reply. They called and called until their throats were raw and the smoke had cleared and they were forced to accept defeat. Arthur Mellark was gone, and all they had for company was the surly sailor, Abernathy, with nothing ahead of them but endless ocean. "Mr. Abernathy, do you think we'll ever find my daddy again?" Peeta asked after several hours of silence. The sun was now high in the sky, marking the time as noon, and still there was no sign of any of the other survivors from the shipwreck. The best they had managed to do was gather from the water a few small bits of debris from the shipwreck, a barrel of some kind that Mr. Abernathy seemed ecstatic about, and their biggest find- a trunk filled with clothing, photos, and even some dried beef and hardtack bread. It had clearly belonged to one of the families aboard the ship. "Haymitch," the sailor said. "The name's Haymitch, and you better start callin' me that from now on. Looks like we're gonna be spending a lot of time together." "Haymitch, do you think we'll find my father?" The man sighed, shoulders hunched and defeated. "I don't know son. I don't know. Let's focus on getting to land for now." Peeta nodded and bit his lip, squaring his small shoulders. Katniss had not uttered a single word since she had given up calling out for help. He reached out and grasped her trembling fingers in his, giving them a reassuring squeeze. Having not a clue which way to head for land, the trio drifted aimlessly through the ocean with not a single ship or piece of land in sight. They lived sparingly off the dried beef and hardtack biscuits from the trunk. Haymitch was surprisingly full of stories to occupy his small charges. "You see just there where the sun touches the sea?" He said during their second sunset aboard the tiny craft. "It boils the water. Can't you hear it bubbling?" The children strained their ears, listening intently for the sound. "I don't hear anything," Katniss said dubiously, crossing her arms and scowling. "I do!" Peeta smiled widely. "Listen closer, Katniss!" She did. She put her whole body into it, desperate for the faintest sound of the bubbling ocean. "Do you hear it yet?" Peeta prompted. She strained harder. "I think… I think I do. I hear it!" she exclaimed. Sure enough, she could just make out the sound of the boiling the water in the distant horizon. Peeta smiled triumphantly. He looped an arm around her, and her head fell to his shoulder at once. The comfort of his body and the sound of the bubbling sea were enough to lure her into a dreamy unconsciousness. When next Katniss awoke, it was to the joyful cry of Haymitch. "Land, ho!" the sailor was shouting. Peeta blinked blearily in the dawning light, extracting himself from Katniss to see for himself. And there it was. A mass of land in the middle of the ocean, a strip of pure white sand feeding into a massive jungle of trees. It was clearly no civilization, but it was something. Haymitch grabbed the oars and propelled them closer to the island. "Pray for fresh water," he was saying. "That's all we need, an' we can live there 'til someone comes for help." It felt like ages until the boat hit the shore and they were free of its confines at last. Peeta hopped out into the shallow lagoon on unsteady legs before giving Katniss a lift out of the boat. Together with Haymitch doing most of the work, the trio hauled the boat and their scarce provisions to the beach. The sand burned beneath their feet, the sun blazing overhead, but in that moment the place felt like the closest thing in the world to home. A quick scan of the beach revealed no fresh water, but Haymitch insisted the jungle was the most promising place to look. To the surprise of the children, he pulled a knife from his ankle before entering the mass of trees. "Stay close to me," he growled. His tone was enough for Katniss and Peeta to nod fervently at his command. But they found obeying him was much