THE BOOK OF LOVE Description: Sirius Black's romances throughout the years, with girls from each of the four Hogwarts houses (partially inspired by F. Scott Fitzgerald quotes.) The romances will be recounted in chronological order and are all inter-connected, one stemming from the other like intertwining tendrils. Four sections are dedicated to each important relationship in Sirius's life, which are then further divided into chapters. The length of each section depends on the complexity and length of each romance. We will begin with Slytherin, Ethel of the Greengrass family being Sirius's first notable paramour. . . . Slytherin: Part I While Sirius Black had numerous crushes growing up (after all, didn't they say Hogwarts had the prettiest girls out of all the Wizarding schools in Europe?), the first woman to catch his attention – and the first one to make him fall in love – was, without the shadow of a doubt, Ethel Greengrass. Before Sirius knew Hogwarts, or any life beyond blood supremacy and emotional oppression, he knew Ethel. Ethel was a descendant of the Greengrass family, one of the Sacred Twenty-Eight families compiled by the author of The Pureblood Directory, Cantankerus Nott. Out of the limited pool of pureblood families there still existed by the 1970's, both the Black and Greengrass family often had to not only tolerate but spend time with even those they didn't particularly like if they wanted company. Fortunately, they found they quite liked each other; both families were arrogant to the point of hubris, so confident in their own superiority it was a surprise they didn't look down on each other. They reveled in the plight of even their fellow purebloods, and adored ranting over the fall of Hogwarts and the Wizarding World now that it not only tolerated but welcomed into their midst with open arms those they considered to be of lesser lineage. However, their relationship wasn't without strain. It was only a matter of time before their explosive personalities initially resulted in a fiery argument that burned them all. After lot of drinking, somehow the conversation was steered in the direction of the Greengrass family's lacking finances, which were understandably a sore topic. Walburga Black's mouth, however, got even bigger under the influence of alcohol. However, neither family showed any willingness to admit fault or to assume responsibility in any situation, which led to particularly prolonged and heated arguments. It took only one snide remark for Pandora's Box to open, and all the bad blood between the families was immediately spilled. As always in such instances, Ethel's mother Seline had the presence of mind to call upon the House Elf to take the children into one of the upper bedrooms, hopefully out of earshot, to spare them of what was to follow. However, on the particular night our story begins, the fight escalated so loudly that there wasn't a moment that either female screeching or the shattering of plates couldn't be heard one minute or the other, reverberating in the walls of the Black mansion. The other, less audible sounds could have meant anything from slightly less loud yelling to even a wand fight breaking out. Anything was possible on such festive occasions – that night, for example, they were supposed to celebrate Orion's birthday party. Needless to say, it didn't turn out that well. The three children – Ethel, Regulus and Sirius – sat in utter, uncomfortable silence in the latter's room. Then another porcelain plate was shattered against the floor, and unintelligible, male yelling was heard. Regulus suddenly could not take it anymore and burst out crying. He was yet still too young to be able to fully grasp the situation; all he knew was that he felt it was infinitely wrong, that it scared him, and that he desperately wanted it to stop. "What's happening?" he ground out between sobs. Big, fat tears trickled down his reddened cheeks as he sniffled furiously. Ethel fished out a handkerchief from the pocket of her robes and handed it to her. He took it and blew his nose into it obediently as Ethel began caressing his back to soothe him. "Please, tell me what's happening? Why are they arguing again? Why can't they stop?" Sirius and Ethel exchanged glances. Was there a way to reply to that without getting him even more upset? Sirius, agitated, attempted to deal with the situation as his father habitually did when he showed any signs of weakness: "Just shut up and suck it up," he snapped. He stood up from the bed and went over to his desk drawer only to begin rummaging in it frantically. "Sirius!" Ethel snapped, aghast. Sirius just shrugged irritably and stood up from the bed and went over to his desk drawer only to begin rummaging in them frantically. Ethel and Regulus were both very sensitive. However, in Ethel Sirius saw a strength and autonomy that in his opinion his younger brother was severely lacking. Oftentimes, Sirius found himself envious of the two of them for being allowed such luxuries as open displays of vulnerability. Ethel was her parents' only child, and since her parents had what was in the 70's of the Wizarding Community already considered to be antiquated notions of gender, treated her both as an imbecile and a princess. Regulus wasn't treated like a lesser being, merely coddled too much for his own good, because he wasn't the primary heir to the Black fortune. As a result, Orion Black didn't insist on forcing his Draconion views of childrearing upon him in order to create a "suitable" heir to their tremendous legacy. It was more pressure that an eleven-year old child could possibly bear. As a result, he desperately envied both Ethel and Regulus for their situations, but Ethel always told him not to. Angry at his lack of comprehension regarding anyone's issues but his own, Ethel one day decided to enlighten Sirius about her situation: "Why on Earth are you jealous, Sirius? I don't understand you at all. Sure, I get to do whatever I want – in your opinion…" She did not want to go into the more sordid details of her relationship with her parents or the general atmosphere of the Greengrass Mansion, either. "…but at what price? I live every day of my life knowing that my parents don't think I'm good enough. They don't expect anything from me because they don't think I'm capable of greatness – or much anything, really. They think… they think – they both think – that all I should care about is dresses and hairstyles and finding the 'right man to marry.' No, you have no idea what that feels like because everyone is so awed by you, like your Merlin's second coming! I would give my right arm for my parents to want me to be the heir instead of Admon. " Up to that point, Sirius had been left perplexed to the point of anger regarding Regulus's jealousy of him. Previously, he didn't think there could be anything worse than being forced into a destiny he had never chosen nor wanted. However, seeing the torment on Ethel's face on that day many a moon ago, he was forced to realize that living as an afterthought, in the shadow of another, was infinitely worse than being someone's first choice for the honorable role of a pureblood family's heir. "What are you looking for?" Ethel asked curiously, snapping Sirius out of his reverie as she put a comforting arm around Regulus, who then stopped rocking himself back and forth to calm down to instead lean into Ethel like she was his mother. Merlin, he is so weak, Sirius thought with a shiver of revulsion running down his spine, his features contorting with the emotion. Secretly, however, he was envious, wishing he could be afforded the luxury of displaying emotions perceived by his father as weak (and consequently, unbecoming of the heir of the Black fortune) and being coddled by their mother (also thought of as unbecoming of the heir of the Black fortune.) Oh, what a good life it must have been, and Regulus didn't even realize how fortunate he was! "You just wait," Sirius replied cockily, hoping to impress both of them with his newly acquired treasure. They were going to downright worship him for his audacity when he revealed to them how he had come in possession of it. As he continued rummaging for the box of Muggle board games he had stolen on his latest outing to Godric's Hollow with his parents during the night, after his family had dozed off. He always felt bad after stealing, but it gave him an adrenaline rush for several reasons: firstly, it was a challenge that he felt accomplished if he managed to complete; secondly, it was one of the greatest acts of rebellion against his parents, which naturally made it all the more worthwhile for him. He had nearly overturned everything in his drawers; he had hidden it so well even he didn't seem to be able to find his forbidden treasure. That, and his little brother's incessant, pitiful whimpering finally set him over the edge. "Regulus, shut the hell up! Honestly, you're so pathetic." He hated how every single woman – especially those older than him, including Ethel – coddled his weakling of a brother. He was hurting just as much as Regulus, if not more, and no one paid him any mind; he was expected to deal with it on his own without any external help. Even when he managed, no one lauded him for this great accomplishment, but were always there to reprimand him for the slightest mishap. The inequality and unfairness of the situation was simply outrageous! Sirius's reaction to his weakness made Regulus erupt in wails. Sirius suddenly became more irritated than he had previously thought possible. He realized that by yelling he had merely escalated things, and chose to remain silent, cooking in his own stew. Ethel wasn't quite so complacent, however. "Oh, Sirius, great job!" she snapped, hugging Regulus even closer, who was more than ready for someone to be spoiled with undeserved attention. Sirius swore his little brother was just milking it both as a form of petty revenge on him and also to hog Ethel's attention. Sirius despised him. However, his worst suspicions seemed to turn out to be false when eventually Regulus calmed down as Ethel talked to him kindly, softly, and compassionately, all the while caressing his back, as though some sort of temporary substitute for Walburga. "There, I found it!" he said, victoriously brandishing the box of Muggle board games high up in the air. "Look!" he commanded, fighting for attention from their guest himself. After a moment of consideration, Ethel merely raised her eyebrows superciliously, as though perplexed by what she was supposed to be impressed by. Regulus stared on impassively as though seeing his older brother for the first time. Obviously, he didn't recognize the box in Sirius's hands either. "What's that?" Ethel asked at last, disgruntled. She disentangled herself from Regulus, who seemed lost in his thoughts – present physically, but presumably back in the dining room where their parents were still arguing over nothing – and scrambled up from the bed to amble over to where Sirius was sitting on the floor. Fondness washed over him at the girl's reaction. She was the only one he knew who shared his rebellious fascination with Muggle culture and artefacts. He was closer to Ethel than his own flesh and blood. Theirs was a rare alliance in a pit of snakes. "Is that a Muggle game?" Ethel asked in a hushed whisper, her grey eyes lighting up with excitement. Though she did her best to hide it, her voice trembled with curiosity. Sirius proudly handed over the box to the awed girl. "How did you get this?" Then Ethel's eyes lost all their spark. "You're going to get in a lot of trouble