'"I do not speak of my daughter alone. You shall be betrothed to no man's child as yet."'–Elrond, to Aragorn, of Arwen. Appendix A, RotK, 423. '"He went thither some hours ago, saying that he must take thought, and only his kinsman, Halbarad, went with him."' –Legolas, of Halbarad and Aragorn, "The Passing of the Grey Company," RotK, 57. "Giving his reins to Merry, he ran forward and embraced the newcomer. "Halbarad!" he said. "Of all joys this is the least expected!"–Aragorn to Halbarad, "The Passing of the Grey Company," RoTK, 51. *** Ever since Aragorn's departure some five years ago, Gilraen had made a practice of making her home open to the Rangers who passed through Imladris. Now that there was no need to shield her son from rumor, she could safely offer them lodging when they came, and a friendly voice that sounded of home. After all, she knew how difficult it could be, to feel as the only frog in a chorus of birds, and indeed, the Rangers more often than not accepted her hospitality gratefully. Sometimes they even had news of her son, which was good, and she delighted to hear it, for she missed him and wondered anxiously how he fared in his new life. And if, every so often, one of her guests gave her a measuring look, the one that asked silently what bound her to Rivendell when her own people would welcome her home, she simply smiled and said nothing of how badly it hurt to think of the Angle, to remember the place where she and her husband had dwelt. There are still too many ghosts there, echoes of the one I love, and I cannot face them. Not yet. Still, she did miss her own, and was always glad to receive them into her home. But today word had come from Elrond himself, asking for her to come to his chambers to speak of a private matter, of a guest who had come to Imladris. That had piqued her curiosity, for Elrond was not usually so reticent, not in matters that he chose to discuss with her, and if he wished her to see to a guest, he had only to give her a name and she would see to it. And so she wondered, as she made her way through the corridors of the Last Homely House, who it could be that merited such secrecy. Arriving at Elrond's quarters, she knocked, and waited a moment until she heard Imladris's lord bid her enter, then went within. "Ah, Lady Gilraen," Elrond said, politely, although to Gilraen's eyes, he seemed... concerned. "My lord," Gilraen replied and then glanced right at his gesture... and felt her heart stop, it seemed. Seated in a chair was a young woman. Gilraen did not recognize her, but clearly she was Dúnadan. And as she met Gilraen's eyes, she rose, then dropped her a profound curtsey. "May I introduce Haldeth, daughter of Barandir?" Elrond said, and then paused, as Haldeth, without looking up, reached out a hand to one unseen and made a "come hither" gesture. And Gilraen's eyes widened as from behind the chair crept a child. A lad, from the looks of it, mayhap two or three years old, with a mop of dark hair and wide grey eyes. Reaching up, he caught his mother's hand and pressed close against her leg, peering up at Gilraen with great interest. "My dear girl..." Gilraen breathed, but could not finish. "This is Halbarad, her son... by Aragorn," Elrond spoke to cover that awkward pause, his tone carefully neutral. "I apologize, Lady Gilraen, for the surprise, but I had thought it best to speak in person." "And I thank you," Gilraen managed then, and wished she dared let her knees give out. But Haldeth was clearly ill at ease, and remembering how she had felt when first she had come to Imladris, she shook off the spell and said more briskly, "Well, I shall certainly take them into my care, my lord. Were there any others who might need a place to stay tonight?" "I have already found lodging for the Rangers who accompanied her, but if you wish, I shall send to them that you would speak with them later this afternoon," Elrond offered. "Please do so. But come my dear," Gilraen said, moving to lay a hand under Haldeth's chin. The girl looked up, almost painfully dignified despite the anxiety that leaked out from behind that façade, and only slowly straightened at Gilraen's prompting. "You will want to settle quickly. Come, I shall show you my home, and now yours as well for as long as you should wish. 'Tis not far. Come. Halbarad?" She held out a hand to the child, who, after a moment's hesitation, took it. "Good day, Elrond," she said, nodding to him, and receiving a nod in return. "This way." Gilraen's house had been built after Aragorn's departure, for while he had been a child, she and Elrond had agreed that it would be best if he were treated as one of the Elf-lord's family. So they had lived for long in a suite of rooms not far from Elrond's quarters. But comfortable as such accommodations were, Gilraen had been glad of a place wholly of her own. It had space enough to house herself and three or four others at a pinch, and if it was still not quite home, it was quite enough for her. I hope only that it shall be enough for these two, she thought, as she ushered the two into the guestroom. "Usually Rangers stay here," she told Haldeth. "But it shall suit you, I hope." "I am very grateful, my lady," Haldeth said, dropping another curtsey. "Gratitude is a garment that quickly wears thin in uncomfortable places, my dear," Gilraen replied, and smiled when Haldeth gave her an anxious look. "You are my daughter now. Surely you knew that?" "If you will forgive me, my lady, I was not certain you would approve. Aragorn is not... that is, he is not as we are, and I thought that perhaps you, too, had grown apart from us, since you have lived here so long," Haldeth said, with admirable composure for one surely no older than her son. And though it stopped short of disapproval, it was a skeptical, uncertain look that she turned on Gilraen, as if seeking the measure of her humanity. "Ah." Well, I suppose that I can expect no less, Gilraen thought, and sighed inwardly. Rangers might be less shaken by strangeness than a lass of the Angle, but in the end, their mildly questioning looks came of the same doubt that Haldeth displayed now. Best not to feed it, then, she reasoned, and so said briskly, "Well, come and sit, and we shall talk, and Halbarad can play if he likes. I do have a few of my son's things still, much to his chagrin." Gilraen paused, and smiled warmly, seeing Haldeth's anxiety begin to sink beneath a more simple uncertainty. "I never thought to have a use for them so soon, but all to the good. Come!" And so, some short while later, while Halbarad busied himself on the floor, playing with the small wooden knights that Elladan had made so many years ago, the two women sat at the table in the kitchen and spoke over tea. "Chamomille. After a long journey, 'tis calming," Gilraen informed the other as she placed the cup before her and then seated herself beside her. And I think our nerves are both frayed enough by surprise and anxiety, she thought, but said nothing. Haldeth was silent as well, but she did sigh softly as she sipped at her tea, seeming to sag a bit. Gilraen left the other to her silence for a time, listening as was her wont for that moment when speech would get a hearing. At last, she caught Haldeth giving her a measuring, somewhat puzzled look out of the corners of her eyes, and Gilraen smiled inwardly. With a soft, contented sigh, she set her own cup down precisely and said, "And now, my dear, tell me how this came about. For in truth, I did not look to see a grandchild for many a year." "I think your son did not, either," Haldeth replied, and then, at Gilraen's frown, added quickly, "Oh, not in that sense! No, 'tis no child of chance we got between us. I meant only that, when he came to live among us, he was surprised to find so many seeking him out. More, I do not think he understood at first why so many of us made excuses to keep his company. He learned quickly enough, though I think me Captain Caranthar had to speak with him on the matter." "Dear Caranthar! And poor Aragorn," Gilraen sighed, though she did have to smile, envisioning the particular expression of disbelief that likely her son had borne when he had realized the intentions of the lasses of the Angle, and the reasoning behind it all. For we were the Faithful, and we remain faithful to the hope that we shall be allowed to redeem Isildur's fault, but the line must continue and faith in the good will of fortune is not enough, after all. "No, I fear he was not well prepared to face the women of the Dúnedain, nor their fathers and brothers. 'Tis not done thus here, for there is no need, and we had to keep much from him concerning the customs of the Dúnedain. But it seems that you overcame, in the end." "'Tis more that the elders of the town overcame," Haldeth admitted. "The line of Isildur must be secured; that, all know. It took three years, but he agreed in the end." She paused, then glanced sideways at Gilraen, seeming to steel herself a little ere she continued, "I should say that I am not your daughter, but your kinswoman, my lady." Not a daughter, but a kinswoman. "I see," Gilraen replied, and tactfully took another swallow of her own tea, considering this. I might have guessed from the manner that Elrond introduced her and Halbarad. Not 'wife', but 'Haldeth, daughter of Barandir'. Not 'Halbarad, son of Aragorn', but 'Haldeth's son by Aragorn'. "And were you chosen, or did you choose?" she asked, after the manner of making such inquiries in the Angle. "I chose," Haldeth replied promptly, which was some relief. So it had not been purely a matter of duty, then. Good lad, Aragorn. At least you do not ask others to choose for you, nor choose one who would not have you otherwise, she thought. And at least you seem to have fixed on a sensible lass, and a good-hearted one. "And do you hope for marriage, dear?" Gilraen asked, as mildly as she could. "We spoke of it, but... no," Haldeth said, and shrugged slightly. "He likes me well enough, or he would not have asked me at all. And I am fond of him, for all that he has some peculiar ways-elvish, I suppose. If he asked my hand, I would give it, I think. But if he does not, then I shall be happy to find another." "Good," Gilraen replied, and meant it, though inwardly she sighed. I suppose five years in the Angle have not taught him to forget Arwen, after all. More's the pity, for I think he might have done well with Haldeth, even so young as they are for marriage. Aloud, though, she said only, "So Halbarad shall be my son's kinsman, then." "Aye, he shall." "Well and good. But answer me this, if you will, Haldeth," Gilraen said. "Why did none send word to me earlier? I would have been glad to learn I had a grandson. Why wait so long?" "It was Aragorn's wish. I think that he feared you would be ashamed of him. As