Note to the note: I'm not online much at all. Other priorities come first, so I just found out HASA is closing. It was a good run, and I had a great time posting there for many years with other authors. I'm moving some stories over that I know are not duplicated elsewhere, but I won't get to all of them, and I'm not doing much to alter the formatting/notes, etc., of stories. I don't have time to do that. So sometimes there are links that won't work, and readers will have to look at the notes more carefully to see what was supposed to happen. Sorry for the inconvenience - Dwim A note on the order of chapters These drabbles (and the tribble and drabble and a half that finish the final cycle) were written for the 2009 Advent Challenge, hosted by Aranel and Juno. This year, the challenge was to write based on the archetypes of the tarot deck, and on three "wild cards," in which two previous cards' archetypes were somehow to cross paths. For one of these "wild cards," "Caritas," I wrote a double set of encounters: two meetings, between two different pairs of protagonists. Even allowing for the difficulties of straightening out a set of four story cycles that were non-linearly composed, "Caritas" presents a problem. It occurs at different points in each story cycle. After thinking it over, I decided that "Caritas" does significant developmental work for Lobelia and for Melkor, so I have placed a link in the Lobelia cycle that leads to "Caritas," and added a link to "Caritas" that leads back to the next drabble in Lobelia's cycle. In the case of Melkor, reading in order will lead through "Caritas." If you want to know what the original order of writing was, that is preserved here. The cycles in internal chronological order are: The Bolgeriad: The Fool (Dramatis Personae), The Magician (Smoke & Mirrors), Temperance (Into the Storm), The Lovers (Right Neighborly), The Hanged Man (Down-turvy Days), The Sun (New Day) [and When Archetypes Love (Caritas)] The Lúthien cycle: The Fool (Dramatis Personae), The Moon (The Veil), The High Priestess (First Freedom), The Tower (Two Towers), Death (The Valley of the Shadow), [When Archetypes Love (Caritas)], Justice (Unbound). The Lobeliad: The Fool (Dramatis Personae), The Empress (Southfarthing), The Wheel of Fortune (Stone Under Hill), Lust (Bag End), The Pope/Hierophant (Night Bloom), The Hermit (Old Growth), When Archetypes Love (Caritas), The Star (Hardbottle) The Melkoriad: The Fool (Dramatis Personae), The Emperor (Apokatastasis Panton), When Archetypes Meet (Apokalypsis), The Chariot (Homoousios), When Archetypes Fight (Daimon), The Devil (Metaousiosis), The Angel (Mania), When Archetypes Love (Caritas), The World (Catharsis) Enjoy the stories! - Dwim Dramatis Personae: The I at the Center of the World The world greenly cups a comfortable life: a great, gay girth that gives him place and name and substance: Fatty. Her life is a dance through birchwood and breeze, stars swirling overhead, 'til one day, Dawnbreak strikes her still – Lúthien. Hardbottle is a hard land that sharpens tongues, puts stones in souls. Lobelia feels their sate-less shifting and envies... He rose resplendent, consubstantial Flame, bright with promise, blind with pride – thus into darkness fell this star, beloved of Ilúvatar. Earth, Air, Fire, Water – and Spirit their abiding fifth, for all who are play the fool: all believe they're righteous. Notes 1. Day 1: Card: The Fool 2."Thus into darkness fell this star" - modified "The Fall of Gil-Galad." 3. "All who are play the fool: all believe they're righteous" - Joss Whedon attributes this to William Dafoe (well, slightly differently phrased) by way of explaining that every character believes he is the hero of the story. Smoke & Mirrors 'Twas a night of lights and strangeness – his abiding memory is of lantern light beneath the Party Tree, of fireworks, a speech, then the flash and bang and shocked faces. And had there been, just ere the outburst of babble, a laughing echo? Fatty did not know then, and does not know now. But despite the calming teacakes and cordial, all night his stomach had roiled – he'd not sat well with the world. Something had stirred in him the night that Bilbo Baggins left. So when an all frowns and secrets Merry appears upon his stoop, he lets him in... Notes : 1. Day 2: Card: The Magician Into the Storm Sam's in the stables, filling saddlebags that night. "Shouldn't you take more?" Fatty asks. "Don't rightly know," Sam replies. "But Mr. Merry's reckoning'll get us to Bree." Fatty shakes his head. Merry and Pippin! Adventuring's well enough for them, but Gamgees're Westfarthing to their toes. "And... your Dad?" Sam bows his head. "Tell him," he says, finally, "it wasn't curiosity – it's for Mr. Frodo." "Of course." Fatty nods. "Anyhow, you'll see to things." Sam returns to packing. "No cause to fear, then." ~0~ Cause creeps in as darkness. Afterward, Fatty wonders whether his stewardship's as ill-founded as Sam's other confidence! Notes : 1. Day 17: Card: Temperance Right Neighborly He returns to Crickhollow in October. The door's fixed, Fatty tells himself, and there's Frodo's left-behinds... October stretches a long cold 'til the March ground-breaking, when comes trouble. Landlord Lotho claims tenant rights. Tenant wrongs , Fatty grumbles, sending money to help as can 'til May, when Lotho's ruffian arrives with a deed... Quicker than thought, Fatty's down that lane, walking stick upraised, yelling after him. But whither afterward? "In Scary," neighbors advise, "there's folk like you." There's Smith Wickle, at least, to welcome him. "I don't want this," Fatty warns. Wickle laughs. "Nobody does!" Notes : 1. Day 8: Card: The Lovers Down-Turvy Days Rebellion never was grand to hobbits, so Fatty's no disappointments to measure, save one – that it's just as uncomfortable as rumored. Scary's no kind garden: the winds're harsh; summer rains slick the rocks. He's all over bruises and barked shins. And he's hungry – dinner isn't what it should be. But he's learning. By Lithe, he's his very own storehouse raid to boast of, and Scary's folk eat a little easier. "You're feather to someone's cap now," Wickle says, handing Fatty a warrant: BURGLAR FREDEGAR BOLGER Fifty pennies. "Top o' down-turvy," Wickle congratulates him. "Heaven help us all," Fatty sighs. Notes : 1. Day 15: Card: The Hanged Man New Day Someone got his fifty silver after Brockenbores. Fatty just hoped they brought no joy, as days melted into the lockholes' seamless night. He'd about believed he'd become a shadow himself when rescue arrived. Pippin visited afterward. "Well, who's this Burglar Bolger they talk about? Do I know him?" he teased. "No," Fatty said. "I don't think so. And he's gone now – burglars don't do well in the Shire, you know." A pause. "I'm glad it's over." "Not quite – there's work aplenty still. What's needed," Pippin mused thoughtfully, "is a Builder Bolger. Do you know any?" Fatty smiled. "I just might!" Notes : 1. Day 23: Card: The Sun The Veil In Doriath before the sun before the moon to sky had come wove Lúthien her witchery beneath the boughs of great beech trees The thoughts of earth and wind she drew and, hands to heaven, starlight's, too And Maia-like in dance she vied To bind the earth unto the sky In one great whole, by dance sustained. Where'er she passed, her vision reigned Unbroken, boundless harmony Veils the night beneath the trees. The sun and moon made but misstep She danced them into her spell-net Until one came who, like lodestone, Did show true north: the spell's undone. Notes : 1. Day 22: Card: The Moon First Freedom Before Sunbirth, named Melian her daunting daughter "Lúthien," and tongue she bound for better days: Maternal power sleeping lay. But with the seasoning of trees Her mother's power, in waking dreams, In Lúthien, lying prisoner, stirs and to her urgent labor spurs. For although queenly set, enthroned betwixt black pillars and whitestone, Melian dreams, thoroughfares, catches cries – Beren's despair – dreams them into daughter's mind, bridled by paternal bind. Thus when wine, water and wheel come, Lúthien blesses every one: "From Melian", who long ago suffered lovèd lover's throes – teacher of this heart-lived life, that sendeth forth to toil and strife… Notes : 3: Card: The High Priestess 2. This drabble is based mostly on the Lay of Leithian as presented in "The Lays of Beleriand," rather than the "Silmarillion." 3. "Before Sunbirth, named Melian her daunting daughter "Lúthien," and tongue she bound for better days: Maternal power sleeping lay." Dwim shamelessly references her own drabble: Innocence 4. "catches cries - Beren's despair - dreams them in her daughter's mind" From the Lay of Leithian: "... And one night just ere the changing of the light a dream there came, from the Gods, maybe, or Melian's magic. She dreamed that she heard Beren's voice o'er hill and fell 'Tinuviel' call, 'Tinuviel.'" Two Towers Then to the Isle of Werewolves came Lúthien, clad in shadow-hame. With Huan guarding 'gainst foe throng, she sent her power forth in Song And shook the earth and tower fey And made the bones dance where they lay 'Til all the walls were tumbled down And Sauron groveled on the ground Yet stone builds not the strongest tower And steel hath not greater power Than Feänor's sons, crafty-wise: Catastrophe in fair disguise. For Angrist won from Curufin will serve but once, betray by end: It raises pride, and calls to Doom that lovers consigns to their tomb. Notes : 1. Day 19: Card: The Tower The Valley of the Shadow Before the gates of Angband drear Three questing souls stand in their fear Hound and Man and Elven-kind Walk Vairë's weaving, fate to find. But Fate long hence had been arrayed When Beren called, when Lúthien stayed When to the Isle of Wolves she went When in his arms, she did consent And love for Beren did confess, Eä changed when hearts cried, "Yes!" No present word their choice amends Eä trembles, history bends: There's hope that Oath shall stand redeemed In present flesh and novel being That cuts lifelines to fit the fate that, haply willed, cannot abate. Notes : 1. Day 16: Card: Death 2. '"Thrice now I curse my oath to Thingol," he said, "and I would that he had slain me in 'Menegroth, rather than I should bring you [Lúthien] under the shadow of Morgoth." 'Then for the second time Huan spoke with words [...]: "From the shadow of death you can no longer save Lúthien, for by her love she is now subject to it. You can turn from your fate and lead her into exile, seeking peace in vain while your life lasts. But if you will not deny your doom, then either Lúthien, being forsaken, must assuredly die alone, or she must with you challenge the fate that lies before you – hopeless, yet not certain"' - "Of Beren and Lúthien," The Silmarillion, 217. Unbound Forlorn she fell, as stone from sky And to the Deathly Court drew nigh Where Doom in judgment sat enthroned And lingered he , though uncondoned. "O justice!" cried she first, and told Of trials faced, of evils bold They'd thwarted and amazed for love, Untimely torn from world above. But Judgment knows no lawful beam To life's unscaled measures deem All rightly weighed as blow for blow So that all reap but as they sow "Then mercy," pleaded she, and Sang As none shall ever Sing again: For Pity weighs where scales want: O'er peerless love mere law shan't vaunt. Notes : 1. Day 10: Card: Justice Southfarthing Hardbottle was winter in her tweenaged years. Summer, spring, fall – no matter, Hardbottle was winter. It was slate. Lobelia walked the confines of the farm, stones grating underfoot, squeezed the milk from reluctant goats, felt the narrowness of things – water, wind, roads, looks, all sharp with narrowness. Then came