Summary: For a Ranger, it's hard not to take a few wrong turns when even the right road leads to such unexpected consequences. A birthday story for Vilwarin and Gandalf's Apprentice. Cuts Gone Wrong The sun was just rising over the rim of the world when the baying of hounds on the hunt broke the stillness. Shadow shapes flitted through the haze of the morning, splashing over the fields, 'til at length there came a howl of triumph and a spate of frantic commands that swiftly died, leaving only the occasional growl. Berty Heathertoes, drawn from his chores by the commotion and last on the trail, was out of breath by the time he caught up with the dogs. "Man oughtn't have to hurry himself if he's decent! He'll have his day laid out, no rushing needed," he panted resentfully, leaning on his pitchfork. A lanky figure, muddy from the sodden field, slowly sat up as the dogs retreated to Berty's side. The one-time fugitive wiped at his face with a sleeve wet from the ditch the dogs had brought him down in. This accomplished little, other than to smear dirt further, and the farmer scowled. "What's your business here, boy?" he demanded, giving the sole of a well-worn boot a warning tap with the pitchfork. "I apologize, Master Heathertoes," came the reply. "I'm to meet a friend in town, and—" "'Nother trespassing Ranger, you mean," harrumphed Berty, and shook his head. And he gave him another tap with the pitchfork, a little harder this time. "No good! Up now, lad, and just you start walking back where you came from." "Sir, please, I'm late," the young man pleaded, as he climbed to his feet. "It's six miles around, and but a half mile to the road from here—" "And you'd've been on it long ago, were you decent folk. Here now," Berty said and paused, eyeing the bedraggled lad, who topped him by a head and more standing. "Aren't you the one they call 'Strider'?" "I am, sir," came the cautiously hopeful acknowledgment, to which Berty only grunted. "Lucky thing. Be your name, boy, and you'll only be half late. Wolf, Bear, up," Berty said sternly, and the dogs obediently rose, ears pricked attentively forward. Glancing up at the Ranger again, he warned: "Off with you now. My dogs'll follow so don't try any tricks, hear? Go! And next time," he added, to the lad's retreating back, "you keep off my land!" For a time, Berty stood watching as the lad, after a shake of his sodden cloak, and a shrug of the shoulders to settle his pack squarely once more, lengthened his stride and indeed began hurrying away. Wolf and Bear padded in his wake, bristling still, and Berty shook his head. "Wretched wild lot," he muttered as he turned and began making his way back to his hay stacks. And so he did not see the lad's head lift, or his hands tighten to a white-knuckled grip on the straps of his pack, did not see wounded young pride stiffen his back. For the morning was now well begun, and Berty Heathertoes was a decent man: he had work to do and little time to spare for disruptions. By lunchtime, he had all but forgotten the incident, though he would remember it later, over ale with friends. "Rascals all," he would say, to the approving nods of the upstanding citizens of the town. But other than hours whiled away rehearsing Bree-land virtues against the vices of mannerless outsiders, it was of no consequence to one who had a farm to tend in the quiet lands round Bree-hill, where nothing ever happening was the measure of life. center***/center But in other quarters—in the empty corner of the Prancing Pony 's common room, for one—'nothing ever happening' was not the measure of life, but its end that was rarely enjoyed by those who strove for it. Pelhar, son of Belendir, and captain of the Ranger guard at Sarn Ford, wrestled with himself as he watched the Pony's serving girls bustle about the room. Every so often, they glanced his way, worriedly. He supposed they had reason—Rangers in the evening were one matter, but he had been there since before sunrise. The girls had come yawning in to help ready the inn for the earliest guests, only to find him there already, smoking. He had long since put away breakfast, yet still he lingered, much to their discomfiture, though in the past hour he had several times thought of leaving. But each time, he had decided against it. Give it another hour , he told himself, as he chewed gently on the stem of his pipe. The weather's turning and with the rains, he may have started late or got side-tracked around a flooded out stretch of road. Long experience told him such things were wont to happen; still, he could not quite quell his anxiety. Nowhere in Middle-earth was entirely safe, after all, and even in the Bree-lands, Rangers lived more precarious lives than the Bree-landers themselves would care to think of, did they but know what things walked the wild around their hill. Nevertheless, the Sarn Ford guard was an easier post than many. Far from the Misty Mountains, and little used by any but the Shire folk or the occasional Dwarf down from the Blue Mountains on business in Hobbiton, it was the nearest thing to a safe station for the Dúnedain. Most trouble round the Bree-land went for the Brandywine Bridge or Forsaken Inn, and so to the North Greenway guard, which quietly, if ruthlessly, disposed of it, out of sight of the inhabitants of either Bree or the Shire. For that reason, the Rangers liked to send their new lads south to spend a season or two with Sarn Ford, and then the North Greenway, before they left with more experienced companions to make the long journey out to Dale, there to hire out as the caravan guards who turned the coins that helped earn their collective keep. Then it was back again with the merchants to the Forsaken Inn, the unloved edge of the Bree-land, then onward to another month or two with Sarn Ford or North Greenway. There they would patrol and wait for the winter replacements before they finally returned home to be admitted as Rangers. A long year—grueling when it was not dull, trying for a young man full of salt and fire—and prelude to harder years that would see fewer than began them return to be called "seasoned." Pelhar himself had seen twenty years come and go on a Ranger's watch; in the seven years since he had been made a captain, he had seen many new faces pass through his company, and knew well he would not see all of them again. There were always a few who failed their fledgling year not by some lack of trustworthiness or ability, but who simply did not live to see the end of it. Which was why he fretted now, wondering if a stray Orc, or wolf, or the rare brigand, or even a simple accident, had claimed the latest messenger from North Greenway's main post around Forsaken Inn. What if he had slipped on the trail and broken a leg? Or perhaps he had fallen ill? Or it may be nothing; he may simply be late, or perhaps have turned an ankle walking in the dark , he reminded himself. Such things happen. They—almost—never kill anyone. He will likely turn up soon enough. Nevertheless, he had just about resolved to go and have a look about beyond the town walls when a chubby boy of some six years—the innkeep's youngest, Barliman—came skipping up. "You're Blackboots," the boy informed him, and Pelhar nodded, with only a slight inward wince after so long for the hated name. His first journey to Bree as an unstarred lad had led him and his company through the Midgewater marshes and peat bogs, and he had not emerged unscathed. It had not been only his boots that had been blackened, but most of his clothing had proclaimed him the victim of a near drowning in one of the bogs. For whatever reason, though, only his boots had mattered to old Butterbur's wife, whose complaints had led to his Bree-land christening. The boy, he realized, was waiting for him to say something, and so he asked, "Is somewhat the matter, lad?" "Goody Elspeth says there's a man come to see you, but he can't come in or Mam will have her head," Barliman said solemnly. "She says you should come round to the kitchen and talk to him back there." "Ah," Pelhar replied, and breathed a silent sigh of relief. Who else could it be but Geldir's messenger? Rising, he made as if to give the lad a pat on the shoulder, but Barliman scuttled back, shaking his head. "Mam says I'm not to get dirty today, since I just had my bath last night, and she's always saying Rangers are filthy." Which was unfortunately true—at least until the bedraggled newcomers found their grateful way to a tub—and the blunt-spoken innocence of the boy but a reflection of one of the other reasons new lads were sent to the Bree-land. It is so wonderfully disillusioning , he thought, even as he told Barliman: "Then you're a good lad to listen to your mother. Thank you for the message." With that, he emptied his pipe into the ash pot, tucked it into his scrip, and made haste for the kitchen and the back door. Goody Elspeth was a stout woman of middling years, her hair gone grey and her waist permanently thickened from bearing five children, and this morn, she had the look of a long-suffering mother confronted with the antics of boisterous young boys. "Ah, Master Blackboots," she said as soon as she spotted him, annoyance coloring her voice. "There's a lad here for you, and he's certainly one of yours by the look of him." With a shake of her head, she pointed to the door near the night hearth. "See him outside. I'll come get you when we're ready for him." With that, she went off, calling for Tobbard and his Tib-lad as she went. Pelhar stared after her a moment, then, eyebrow raised, he approached the door. At first, he saw no one, but as he stepped outside, a dark figure straightened quickly from where it had been leaning on the wall. A black stain remained there upon the pale stone, and Pelhar found himself staring at the sodden, mud-splattered Heir of Isildur—Geldir's messenger of the week. "Captain," the lad said, and by his rigid good posture, he was expecting the worst. Pelhar folded his arms across his chest, considering the other a long moment, ere he said, in Sindarin: "Well, I see now what Elspeth meant when she said you were one of mine. Was there trouble?" he asked. "Nothing dangerous, sir," Aragorn replied, a little stiffly. "Then what happened?" At this, the other glanced down slightly, ere he answered, "Farmer Heathertoes caught me crossing his field. He had his dogs with him." "I see. Made you go around in the end, did he?" A nod. Pelhar sighed. "A year on the Road and you forget the second rule of the Hill: never cut across the fields unless it is immediately a matter of lives. Was it?" "Not yet, Captain," came the forthright enough admission. "I see." Pelhar paused, scrutinizing his chieftain who, to his credit, met his eye, though from the flush to his cheeks, visible beneath the dirt, dignity had taken a definite hurt. And that is why we send them here, Pelhar reminded himself. And so, dutifully: "No one will fault you arriving late if there's good reason for it, but save such delays for the times that deserve it. You would have been here earlier, and caused less worry,