A/N: Thanks to my betas on this one: Fëadan, Lyllyn, Isabeau of Greenlea, and SailingToByzantium. They have pointed out numerous conceptual and psychological holes, and I have attempted to plug them as best I know how. Any remaining flaws are hardly their fault. Special thanks to STB for pointing out the classical metaphor of the hunt and its uses, and for months of line-by-line dissection. My source of information on the harvesting and spinning of flax. – 1– Old Friends "As a light in the darkness is the love of a man and woman for each other, and in that light lies the hope of our people. So do I bind myself to thee, for as long as my life shall endure. Let the seas rise, let the earth change, let the stars extinguish themselves, I shall not forsake thee." –Marriage oath, husband to wife, the Angle, Eriador "Do not bring it home, where your families can see it, where your wife (or your lover's wife) might see it."– The Rule of the Road Eledhril opened his eyes slowly. Golden sunlight filtered through the curtains that draped the window, muting it to a soft glow that matched the inward glow of weary contentment that suffused his body. Though it lay heavy in his limbs as lethargy, his senses seemed the sharper for it, and he fancied he could feel time slip by moment by moment. Or perhaps that was simply his heart beating? Eledhril blinked his eyes shut once more, then opened them again, feeling his lashes scrape against cloth, feeling the pressure of the mattress all along his side, the texture of coarse woven sheets, and the vague pins and needles numbness in his left arm. There was warmth against him, and the feeling of someone's breath against his chest that tickled slightly; where skin touched skin, he felt the pull of sweat that had dried between them–a sticky feeling that told him they had been here too long. Constant as the light might be, a Ranger's time sense told him that outside, the day was dying–a lovely, warm summer's day that promised a glorious night. A good day, he thought, and felt his pulse flutter as anxiety began to creep within his breast when from outside, the sounds of children's games drifted: "Gone between, got between, he's come between the marriage rings. Lies between, lay between, he's put down 'neath the earth so green!" Eledhril winced then, as a flurry of giggles arose, and the 'lie between' darted off to avoid his fate. Every child in the Angle knew that ditty and the game that went with it, but it was no laughing matter for him today. Even children know the price, he thought. If one were caught and the wronged party desired it, or the offender preferred it to scorn. A Ranger especially might prefer it, for a man whom his fellows could not trust was one for whom death came inevitably, and what point was there in dragging it out? If we are caught... With an effort, Eledhril shifted his head to bury his face in his lover's hair, arms tightening as he pressed the other to him. What would she say? His wife's image flashed through his mind–Thorondis could look the very hawk when angry, her face a study in severity. Even as a lass she had had those eyes–he had always loved them, loved the spark in them, and thus even the quickness of her temper was a sort of guilty delight when he dared look into her eyes in such moments. Had he married her because of that, anticipating the day when he would need her wrath to hold him in line? Perhaps. But she could not be angry over what she did not know, what she could not know of–not until vows were broken, and where then was restraint? He wondered if he could face her keen–eyed scrutiny tonight. Would it show? Were there marks? His thighs felt a bit tender along the insides–would she see? Or would she smell it on me? Taste it? Would she hear it in my voice? Would his children, who sang so gleefully heedless without, notice? He did not know. If he would bestir himself to rise and see to the essentials, he might never need to have such questions answered. Yet he could not move. Not yet. There was yet some brief space of time left, and he grasped for it, greedy for a little longer even as he reproached himself for reckless indulgence. But he had not honestly expected to succeed in this, though he had been convinced that he had had to try. At least, he thought he had not expected success–maybe he ought to have known better? Do not fool yourself, Eledhril, you knew from the moment you saw that look that resolve could not withstand such a testing. 'Tis of no use to ask now, as they say traitors do, 'how did it come to this?' You know why you are here. Why you are both here. Do not pretend otherwise. So spoke conscience at last unfettered, merciless as the scourge. With a soft sigh that ruffled the other's hair, Eledhril shut his eyes again, and let himself drift despite the danger. For despite the risk of being caught, despite the consequences they could not hope to avoid if any suspected them, despite agonizing guilt, he could not leave. And so despite himself, as he held the other close, he found himself asking, How did it come to this? How, indeed. It had begun last week after supper... – 2– Indiscretions What does the stag know of the arrow? Has the hart the heart to love The brightness of befeathered steel that graces airs above? Shall the wounded one admire the swiftness of its latest flight? Or shall I, my love, deer-like know naught but my own plight, Crying out: Misericorde! –"For Love and the Hunt", fragment, Silvaríel of Arnor It began well enough with a meal among friends close as family, for Aragorn had returned from the long tour of inspection after an even longer absence in the service of foreign lands. And he had brought Halbarad with him, which had been glad news for Eledhril and his family. It was rare enough that such old friends happened home to the Angle at the same time, and so Eledhril had claimed Halbarad for an evening when he had met Chieftain and lieutenant by chance by the gates. "For the children miss you, and Thorondis will be well pleased to see you again." The ' And I as well' had been understood, and Aragorn had teasingly noted that Halbarad had never yet learned to say 'no' where his adopted nephews were concerned. It had needed a moment ere Eledhril had recognized that glib substitution for what it was, for among the three of them, Aragorn was wont to jest that Halbarad had never learned to say 'no' where Eledhril was concerned. They had laughed anyway, all of them, for it was still quite true, but he had felt the stirrings of unease nonetheless. Aragorn had bidden his farewell then, but as he had turned away, so also had Halbarad looked elsewhere, which had sent a thrill of anxiety through Eledhril. That had been the start of worry, which had only continued when, the next day, Halbarad made good his promise to join Eledhril and Thorondis and their family for supper. The children, Elenmir and Orandil, had been happily oblivious to trouble, too delighted to have their uncle home again to notice the strain in his eyes or the tired set of his shoulders. But Eledhril knew him better, and when, after supper was finished, Halbarad had murmured something about the need for air, Eledhril had sensed his best opportunity. "Thorondis," he murmured, and his wife glanced up questioningly at him. "Mayhap tonight you could keep the little ones in and occupied." "Will you speak with Halbarad, then?" she asked, and when he nodded, she sighed and bowed her head. "I had thought something was amiss with him all through supper, but I was not certain," she murmured, and looked up at him after a moment, eyes dark with worry. "Be certain he knows he is always welcome here." "He knows, love," Eledhril replied, but smiled and leaned down slightly to kiss her brow and then her lips. "But I shall tell him again." "Know you what ails him?" Eledhril frowned, seeing in his mind's eye the way Halbarad had so carefully not looked after Aragorn yesterday. In his heart, he suspected–nay, knew –what the matter was, for he had seen that 'look' before. But it was naught that he could speak of with his wife. For such is the sanctuary of home, that I have no place to tell of this one tale, he thought, even as he replied, "Something he met upon the road, I doubt not." And with that he excused himself and followed Halbarad out. He found his friend leaning against the wall just outside the door, smoking. Or rather, worrying the pipestem about in his mouth while he stared sightlessly at the trees beyond the town wall. Eledhril nonchalantly crossed before him to take up a position beside him, furthest from the door, and he reached into his pocket to produce a pipe and matches. "Tell me you bought Longbottom leaf, Hal," he said without preamble, and Halbarad raised a brow. But he did hand him a drawstring bag with a familiar scent, and Eledhril carefully packed the pipe, handed back the bag, and then struck a match. Halbarad watched skeptically as he drew in a mouthful of the sweetish smoke, then tipped his head back and exhaled in a long, satisfied sigh. "Did not Thorondis break you of that habit?" Halbarad asked. "Thorondis is a wonderful woman, but I still keep a vice or two," Eledhril replied. He paused a moment to savor the smoke again, and then, when he had blown it out, he said mildly, "If I wash my mouth out, I can blame the scent on you." Halbarad chuckled at that and shook his head, but he said nothing more, and for a time, the two of them were silent. Finally though, after having cast about for some delicate way of broaching the matter, Eledhril gave up and said bluntly, "Too elvish to lay a hand on you even once, was he?" At his side, Halbarad stiffened and shot him an offended glare on Aragorn's behalf, but Eledhril did not retract the question, nor apologize for the manner of its asking. He simply raised a brow at Halbarad, awaiting an answer. And after a moment, his friend looked away. Puffing once more on the pipe, Halbarad let the smoke escape slowly, tapping the stem against his teeth. Finally: "'Tis not a matter of Elf or Man; 'tis simply Aragorn," he replied, and Eledhril nodded slowly. "And he was hers ere ever Lothlórien," Eledhril said quietly, for all the Angle knew by now the tale of Aragorn's betrothal. "I know." "Does he know of–?" "Aye." Laconic as Halbarad could be even in good spirits, Eledhril nonetheless winced at the short answers. And how did that come about, I wonder, that Aragorn now knows your heart? But that was a question that could wait for a time. Glancing sideways at the other, he asked, after a pregnant pause: "Have you done aught about it?" "Just one night in Rohan." "Just one?" There was a moment's silence, and then: "I am not the impetuous young man I once was," Halbarad replied without ire or force, sounding instead merely weary and resigned. "No, I suppose not," Eledhril replied softly. There followed another silence, and Eledhril thought of that long ago day tracking deer through the woods north of the Angle: fast friends from boyhood, both of them all of seventeen and giddy with the excitement of being