There were some cities in the South, or north around Erebor, where it was a simple enough matter to find a quiet place where one could go about one's business without any undue questions or risks. Lasses and even lads were well-cared for, and a man need not be concerned about cleanliness or his reputation, so long as he was discreet. Then there were the villages, where one kept to oneself, for every word would be common news on the streets by dawn, with disastrous consequences. Towns like Aescing, at the edges of the Westfold in Rohan, Halbarad reflected, were somewhere in the middle of those extremes. It was certainly not Dale or Lake-town, which saw folk of all sorts wandering its streets, and which had a fine, mercantile sensibility about 'business matters'; neither was it Combe, the smallest of the Bree-land villages, and where a Ranger was watched from the moment he set foot in town to the moment he left, and a careful catalog of his activities burned into the memories of the inhabitants. No, Aescing was just large enough to look the other way when it came to some of the lasses and the men they entertained. Most travelers would turn up their noses at the girls, but Rangers were not so particular as the average merchant: hardship had taught them that so long as the bed was not acrawl with fleas or other unwelcome creatures, it was better than the cold, hard ground. And if the girls were poor things, bony sometimes and not particularly entrancing, it was that or spend one's nights hurting for want and unable to do much about it without disturbing others or risking the cold night air. On a night like tonight, following hard upon a day when breath frosted in watery sunlight, no one wanted to go see to his own affairs somewhere in the darkness. And so Halbarad had watched Andir bait and tease one lass all evening until finally, to the vast relief of his companions, he excused himself and disappeared from the tavern. Not long after, the lass followed. "There goes a man in desperate need of a wife," Balthir remarked with a soft chuckle. Aragorn simply shook his head, bemused, paid a barmaid for Andir's drink, and signed that they needed no more at their table. "What if he returns? He might be thirsty after such... exercise," Balthir asked, raising a brow. "Then he can pay for his own drink," Aragorn replied, easily. "Besides," he added, " does Andir look to you like a man who plans to return tonight?" At that, Balthir had to laugh and concede the point. It had been a long journey west from the edges of Gondor, but their course called for them to pass through Bree, then go north to Fornost, and then finally, by a wide loop, return to the Angle. Andir would doubtless take what he could this evening, for between Aescing and Bree, and again Bree and the Angle, was a wide waste of empty space. "Well, mayhap he shall not trouble us further with his groaning each night," Balthir said after a moment, and then pushed his chair back, rising. "For myself, I shall be content to sleep on a mattress, however thin, for once. Good night, gentlemen." "Good night." "Rest you well," Halbarad nodded, and Balthir clapped him on the shoulder on his way to the stairs that led to the rooms built over the tavern. "I feel for him," he murmured as Balthir disappeared. "Mayhap I should let him turn north at Tharbad. He has not seen his wife for almost half a year," Aragorn sighed. "Ah, now that is the fellow-feeling of a man pledged," Halbarad teased lightly, reaching across the table to tap a fingernail against the plain gold band that Aragorn wore in place of Barahir's ring, quiet reminder of his vow. "See how the prospect of marriage softens you? Already you begin to lose that pitiless edge that would hold all to their duty before desire. Poor Andir and I shall soon be run ragged for want of the others, whom pity, born of your love for a certain maid, shall cause you to send home, leaving all the work for us." Aragorn laughed at that, and gave Halbarad a rather darkly wanton look as he purred, "Indeed? Then best you rest while you can, son of Hirthon. For mayhap I shall send Balthir off on the morrow, and avail myself solely of you and Andir." "Always a pleasure to serve," Halbarad answered back, deadpanned. There was a silence, as each man tried very hard to keep his thoughts to himself, not to break first. It was not a long contest, for Aragorn's mouth twitched, and when Halbarad simply raised a brow, his chieftain dissolved into laughter. Halbarad, for his part, merely smiled quietly and raised his glass in mock salute. "Your health, 'Ælfric'!" "I would blame my loss on drink if only I could," Aragorn replied, grimacing as he downed the last of his beer. "A man must have some pride, though. This might well be dishwater," Halbarad complained, and shook his head. "Aescing must be the only town in Rohan without a proper brewer." "A dubious honor, that. Ah well. So Balthir is to sleep, and Andir to bed..." "And where do you go?" Halbarad asked, standing as Aragorn rose, though already he suspected the answer. "Out," came the laconic answer, and Halbarad shook his head. It was cold enough that even a Ranger would complain, and sunset was long past; most men would find nothing in the darkness but misery, but Aragorn would seek solace in such a night. And there was nothing at all that Halbarad could do to persuade him otherwise. So: "Be careful, then." "Never fear. Watch yourself," Aragorn replied, and, leaving a few coins on the table, made his way across the dim-lit room and out the door into the night. Halbarad remained on his feet a few moments, but then sank back down into his chair with a sigh. Well... and now I am alone, he thought, and took a long swallow of beer. Not in the hopes of drowning that particular ache that came of watching Aragorn leave, but because bad as it was, it was something to take the taste of solitude out of his mouth. Not even solitude in itself, Halbarad amended silently, but loneliness. Andir would doubtless be gone the whole night; Balthir, as men were wont to do who found themselves on the last legs of a journey, had taken to talking of his beloved Tiriel whenever the opportunity arose. That made his company intolerable at the moment, even in sleep. Aragorn, ever since his betrothal, had taken to fits of restlessness like tonight, and Halbarad knew well its source. It was, after all, akin to his own restlessness, which sprang from the absence of one beloved, when circumstance made absence feel so very much like unattainable presence. In truth, Halbarad might have known that this would happen, for he had seen it before. When men married, their friendships changed–the lass who had been a source of amusement for friends of the lovelorn was no longer open to jesting, but a closed door beyond which friends could no longer pass. It was only natural, and Halbarad did not begrudge anyone the happiness that came of a good marriage, but it was different with Aragorn. For if Aragorn loved Arwen and hated the long road that separated him from her, Halbarad loved Aragorn and felt himself displaced by Arwen. Of course it could not but be thus–he had always known that. Indeed, he had been one of those who had tried to push Aragorn to marry, lest the unthinkable happen (as happened all too often, of late, as the Age grew darker). Granted, his betrothal to Arwen, though binding, did not relieve Halbarad or anyone of the fear that Aragorn might die without issue; still, Halbarad was relieved to know that his friend was at least committed. And if Aragorn lived to marry happily, then he wished him well of Arwen. But that did not mean he did not miss Aragorn, whom he would have be more than friend, if only that were possible. Jealousy is an ugly thing , Halbarad thought, and he did not particularly like it in himself. He particularly did not like it since, although Aragorn knew very well his tastes, Halbarad had kept quiet about his particular affections. What point in revelations? Aragorn was uninterested–that had been clear very early on, and Halbarad knew that he would do his chieftain no favors if he presented him with a rival to Arwen's love. Worse, it might have broken our friendship, and that I would not lose. So in the end, what have I lost? Nothing. There was never aught to be jealous of, he told himself. To which his heart replied that he knew very well that men were always jealous of what lay beyond their reach. Witness Númenor's fall, witness the destruction of Arnor over petty jealousies that had split the kingdom... witness the loveless marriages in the Angle that endured because there was no other choice, while husbands and wives looked elsewhere for solace. As I, too, look elsewhere, he thought, and grimaced. He and Aragorn might jest about matters of love and lust, as friends would, but there was a reason why Halbarad nearly always won the little contest that followed such jokes: it was not difficult to keep a straight face when longing made him ache beneath the laughter. Aescing truly was no place for longing such as his, and if it had been long since he had lain with another, that was not unusual. Hence it did not excuse the risk he was about to take. He was not some raw youth, enthralled to his own desire, after all, but a captain who ought to be in command of himself. But this was the first journey he had made in his friend's company since Aragorn had returned from years of service in Gondor, Rohan, and Harad; this was the first time he had had to confront that closure in Aragorn that came of his betrothal to Arwen. So near, and yet so very much further than ever before... After three months on the road together, alone and yet ever subject to Arwen's ghostly presence, it hurt too much to be the only one tonight with no place to quench his longing. And so, with a sigh, he glanced round the room, carefully scrutinizing faces over the rim of his tankard. A town like Aescing might not be the most luxurious, and it was certainly... inconvenient... for men like him, but Halbarad had been on the roads since he was twenty years old. From long experience guarding caravan wains, and many a night spent in the meanest of taverns and inns between Bree and Lake-town, he knew that there was a pattern to crowds. One who knew it could read many things, particularly if one had spent much of the evening eavesdropping on the conversations of others. It was not intentional–it was simply a Ranger's habit, to keep an ear open for anything of interest. And so, after a time, Halbarad fixed on a lad sweeping the floor. It was the dark hair amid the sea of pale that caught his eye first. Not the true black of the Angle, but a definite, unruly brown. Dunlending blood, mayhap, or else one of lost Tharbad's sons, likely. And young as he was, there was something about his face, the almost beaten deference he displayed, and the general aura of discomfort that Halbarad sensed in those around him, that was painfully familiar. Nervous blue eyes darted glances here and there, watching the press of men and women, and the hands that held the broom were clenched tight about the wood. Halbarad watched