THE FORGOTTEN A Normal Girl Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings. I sort of own the character Jennifer. For fear of getting this story deleted all together I have removed all of the review replies I gave. Wow... I forgot how many reviews I had gotten on this. You all are terrific readers. Thank you all again for helping me break 400! Author's note: This is a story that I thought of while half asleep over the course of several months. My mind does weird things... Also, this is a self insert, an unglorified self insert. Warn me if anyone starts getting Mary Sue. With out further ado, The Forgotten . Jennifer was, well, average. In a way. She was sixteen, about 5 foot 4 inches, had long, wavy brown hair, and large brown eyes, and round cheeks that seemed to take away three years from her appearance and her skin was fair, but could tan when she was out long enough. She wasn't beautiful, but she wasn't ugly. Like I said, average. She prided herself in being a very well rounded person. She went to a small school, and was liked by the populars, and the nerds alike, but preferred the nerds because they were not so fickle. The populars didn't like it when she wore her big black glasses. It was a May the second, exactly 1:30 pm. Study hall. She liked her study halls; it was a chance to get work done, and more importantly, a time to day dream, and she was doing just that. All the whispering, pencil scratching, and pen tapping was unheard to her. She was only hearing water splashing and gurgling around her as she jumped into a shining lake. A moment later however, that day dream was over and she found herself contemplating whether she take out her contacts and put on her glasses. Dratted allergies! She always kept her contacts case and glasses in her pockets. Suddenly, her musing was interrupted by something outside the window that caught her eye. It was small, white, and shining. "It couldn't be a snow flake..." she thought. "It's definitely not a shooting star, so what is it?" Her study hall room was near the interior corner of the building, and a tree grew a few feet from it. It got closer and closer until, it came to rest on the grass, that side of the road. What was it? Suddenly a horse and rider came riding out of it and galloped till the horse was under the tree. The rider was wearing grey-green colored leggings, supple leather boots, and whatever else was covered with a long green cloak. Jennifer opened the window as the rider dismounted and called up to her. "I was sent for you! Will you please come down?" the golden haired rider called up. "Who sent you?" she called back through the open window. "My father. Please come down!" he replied. "Okay!" she called back. Now, she wasn't a stupid girl, she kept a good head on her shoulders, but there was something telling her to go. It was against her better judgment by far. She had climbed her fair share of trees growing up, and with minimal difficulty, managed to climb out the window and onto the ledge. That day she was wearing a lime green polo shirt, a knee length khaki skirt, tan nylons and sandals. Not a particularly climber-friendly outfit. With some struggle, she sat down and started lowering herself. Suddenly, she started losing her grip! She was going to fall! Flashbacks to when she fell out of a tree and broke her leg were coming to mind. She fell from the ledge and closed her eyes, preparing to hit the ground, but never did. Instead she found she was being safely held like a bride, in the arms of the golden haired stranger. "Thank you!" she breathlessly said. "You're welcome." the stranger cordially replied. "Are you hurt?" "No, everything feels intact. Thank you. Would you set me down, please?" she didn't like being held like that. It made her nervous; she was afraid she would be dropped. "Oh, yes, sorry," the golden haired stranger said as he set her down. "Do you know how to ride a horse?" "No," she sighed. She had always wanted to learn. "Then you will need help mounting one." The stranger mounted the horse and brought it near her. He stopped and said, "Do you mind?" "I...guess not," she replied. What was he going to do? He leaned over, put his arm under her arms and lifted her side saddle onto the horse in front of him. That was it! "I suppose you cannot balance side saddle," the stranger asked with a slight frown. "I wish!" she said with a sigh. She realized that if she couldn't ride side saddle; she'd have to straddle the horse. To do so would mean that her skirt would ride most of the way up her leg, and that would be a horrendous violation of one of the strict standards she set for herself. The stranger must have realized this because he asked, "Would you like to borrow my cloak?" "Yes I would, thank you very much!" she earnestly replied. The stranger unclasped his cloak and handed it up to Jennifer. She took it, and laid it over herself just before she attempted straddling the horse. Her first attempt was successful! "Are you ready?" the stranger asked. "Yes I am, thank you," she replied, and off they rode towards the shining object. A thrill of adventure was coming over her. She wasn't understanding why she wasn't scared or anything! Quite uncharacteristic of her I assure you. The short ride towards the whatever-it-was gave no clues as to what it was. Being the inexperienced horse rider, and the stranger knowing it, he put his arms around her just before the horse jumped into it. She was grateful, because that jump nearly scared her out of her wits! She wasn't expecting it. One moment she was in the familiar setting she had known all her life, and the next moment she was riding in a wide field and looking straight at a thick line of trees in the distance, which happened to be a huge forest, and behind a faint line of mountains. The stranger let go of her the moment the horse touched the ground. She loathed admitting it, but she wished he hadn't let go. Never having been on a horse made her nervous. She tensed up the minute he let go. He felt the change. "Why are you so tense? I will not let you fall. Neither will the horse." The stranger said with a funny grin. If she could have seen it, and not been on a horse, she would have said something smart or smacked him on the arm. Circumstances being what they were, she reacted differently. "I assumed you wouldn't let me fall, and my head knows that, but the rest of me doesn't!" The stranger gave her a funny look. She didn't make much sense to him. She didn't make much sense to her, but she was used to herself. "Is there anything I could do to reassure you that you will not fall?" the stranger asked. "Um...um..." she stuttered. She didn't really want to answer. The stranger waited patiently for an answer. They had nothing but time; their goal, somewhere in the forest, was still a few hours away. "Well," she started. "Yes?" he patiently answered. "I um, wasn't as nervous when..." "When what?" he asked. He had a suspicion he knew what she was trying to say, and understood her predicament. She gave a determined sigh and said, "I wasn't nervous when you had your arms around me!" all in one breath. "So would you like me to hold you again?" he asked politely, and just as if he had been asking if he could get her a glass of water. "Yes," she quietly replied. She almost cringed at herself! A high standard she was breaking! His arms around her did the trick. She relaxed instantly. How she loathed the situation! She was acting against her better judgment by getting on that horse and now she was being held by a person she hardly knew! Yet, there was something that seemed wiser than her that told her it was ok, as if someone was whispering in her ear, "do not worry, you are suppose to be here!". Whatever it was, she could not help but trust it. The stranger started singing something in some strange language. She had heard it before, but could not think as to where. A disturbing thought suddenly came to mind: Where was she? She thought about it a moment and concluded that wherever she was, it wasn't her world, and that it must be another, but which? A thought struck her. "Naw, couldn't be! Could it?" So she asked. "Excuse me sir, where are we?" "Middle Earth. To be specific, we are a few hours from Mirkwood," the stranger replied. "May I inquire what year, month, and date it is?" she asked. The excitement was becoming too much! "The month is August, the date is the 29th, and the year is 3018 of the Third Age," the stranger replied. "What is your name?" she asked, not daring to guess. "I am Legolas, Prince of Mirkwood and my father..." She cut him off, "Your father is King Thranduil." "Why yes! How did you know?" Legolas asked, full of wonder. "Well see, there are these books in my world, written by a man named Tolkien, and they tell about Middle Earth, and your father and yourself are mentioned in a couple of stories." She proceeded in explaining the books. He sat puzzling over how such a thing could be. Suddenly Jennifer spoke again. "I think perhaps, I am not from another world, but another time," she slowly said. "What do you mean?" he asked. "There is a theory that Tolkien was writing about a past time that no one remembers, not another world. Of course, this theory was never more than that. I never really thought Middle Earth existed, until now. Now I know. That theory must have been true! There is no other explanation!" She said the last part more to herself than Legolas. She began wondering if the same wasn't true of other stories... "Does this mean that you know why you are here?" Legolas asked. "No. I thought you knew!" she replied. "No, neither I nor my father has any idea why you are here," Legolas admitted. "Then why did you come for me?" she asked, becoming slightly confused. "I came for you because my father and I had dreams that we were to get you." "Sent from the Valar I would suppose." "Yes. Well, in our dreams we were told what to do, and between my father and me, we knew everything we needed, and here you are," Legolas said. There was silence for a few moments and then Legolas started softly singing again. Jennifer was finally getting comfortable on the horse and was becoming drowsy. The same thing happened when she rode in a car. Soon, she was sound asleep. A moment later, or so it seemed, something startled Jennifer and she woke up. She thought, "Wow, I can't believe how comfortable riding a horse is, and whatever I'm leaning on is really comfortable! Wait a second!" she realized she was leaning on an elven prince! Ack! One standard broken twice! How horrible! She bolted up right. "What's wrong?" the elven prince asked. "I'm sorry!" she cried. "For what?" he asked. She was thoroughly confusing to him. "What a strange human girl," he thought to himself. "For sleeping on you! I shouldn't have," she apologized. He just looked at the back of her head with his brows knit together. He didn't understand her. Most elves would have