I do not own Twilight but I did donate this short story to the Fandom for Mental Health. Through donations to four very worthy causes, the compilation raised over $4000.00. Some fabulous writer entered really, really entertaining stories and I hope you get to read them. Thank you for your support. Beachcomberlc was kind and patient with all of my insane editing needs for this story. Beegurl13 made a beautiful banner that practically tells the story in one picture. I'm so honoured to be allowed to work with such talent and grace as these two ladies. Busting Outta Vancouver The following is my entry for the Win a Secluded Dream Home contest your website is sponsoring. Please see second attachment confirming a $1000.00 donation to the Canadian Mental Health Association as requested. Thank you for your consideration. PS: I do apologize for my use of adult language. It is only for emphatic purposes and I am more than willing to remove it or have it edited out if needs be. To whom it may concern, Vancouver is a beautiful city. The ocean, the mountains and the architecture, all of them are breathtaking. Parks dot the city landscape liberally. The downtown core is populated with towering highrises, all of them walls of green-tinged glass and multiple balconies rife with vegetation. Almost everyone has a garden or at least a few dozen plants. It is one of Canada's greenest cities. Bicycles, scooters, skateboards and/or pedestrians are everywhere. Just outside the city there are mountains for skiing, snowboarding or hiking. There are rivers and inlets to canoe or kayak. The weather is fabulous, temperate and even. Once in awhile, there is a winter without any snow at all: very uncharacteristic for a Canadian city. Summers are warm, sometimes wet but never scorching or uncomfortable. However, it is one of Canada's most congested cities. Traffic can be horrendous and tedious but rarely cantankerous. There are not many instances of road rage. I guess sometimes the polite Canadian stereotype is warranted. The public transit is acceptable; the SkyTrain is cool and the buses frequent, but it's still public transit. Which means it's slower and more inconvenient than driving and then there is the public. Need I say more? Land prices and rents are quite high and rising by the day. The city is expensive, like really, really expensive. Apartments and condos are getting smaller and smaller to accommodate the need for affordable housing. Food prices are rising, too. There is a push and snobbery about local, fresh and organic food items. However, there is food from every culture on earth represented somewhere in Vancouver, you just have to know where to look. The film industry here is thriving. A low Canadian dollar has half of Hollywood filming here. It does nothing to improve the traffic or the rental prices but it is good for all of us, or so I've heard. I'm not associated with that industry at all. Vancouver is a multicultural city. A cosmopolitan city. However, Vancouver is not a friendly city. It's not blatantly unfriendly either. To tourists and new citizens there is kindness and help if needed, but there is coldness to Vancouver. It's difficult to make friends. People are not inclusive. It's lonely. I've lived here, in the same East Van neighbourhood for years and I'm lonely. Having grown up in a small town where everyone knew everyone else, I miss the close-knit feeling. I miss friendly people who know who I am. I go to the same stores all the time and I'm treated like a first-time customer. I get the barest of nods from my neighbours, maybe a slight smile once in awhile. Where I'm from, a new person is fought over, everyone wanting to welcome them and fold them into their lives. I miss that. So, I'm moving. I mean, I want to move. I'd like to start over somewhere, somewhere easier to meet people. My job is portable; I could do it anywhere. I have the money to move and start again. There is so much I'll miss about Vancouver—the views, the trees, the parks and the water. The multitude of very fit men in tight cycling shorts. I'll especially miss the sight of the guy in that second-floor condo of my building, when he walks his dogs past my balcony and I happen to be outside. Fine, I set a reminder to be outside when he usually walks by. I can't really tell how tall he is or what he looks like. I mean, not from the angle from my balcony. I'm on the third floor. I think he is one down and two over. He usually has a hat on like a beanie or a ball cap. But the way he treats his two dogs and the sound of his voice…. I wish I were brave enough to approach him. I wish I had a dog so that our leashes could get tangled and he would fall in love with me at first sight and we could live happily ever after and all that romantic crap. But I don't have a dog or the guts to run out and meet him. And one potentially hot guy is no reason to stay here. As well, hanging out in the alley is generally considered a poor way to meet good guys. Plus, I have cats so we may not be compatible anyway. I love my cats. Well, cat; I have just one cat. Alice. She's a calico tortoiseshell, three years old. She's my girl, you know. Alice has a cat of her own named Jasper. He just showed up one day on my balcony and Alice took him in. I was sitting with my morning coffee watching the mountains in the rain and he popped in out of nowhere. He was soaking wet and really bedraggled. Now, it wasn't the first time a foreign intruder came to our place. Alice can be really scary when she's defending her territory. For such a small girl she has a growl that makes even me afraid of her. But on that day, here was this sad-sack cat just outside the sliding door and Alice pranced over to him, gave him a head-butt and bathed him within an inch of his life. Now they're in love. He has a nasty looking scar on his nose and his tail has been broken at some point but he's a handsome beast, steel grey with gold eyes. He sometimes sits on the railing and stares out at the city in contemplation but he seems really happy with us. He is a fierce hunter. He's woken me up a few times by presenting me his fresh kill. Sometimes it's a stuffed mousie or occasionally a scrunchie hair tie or stray sock. Once, he stalked and killed a tampon. God, he was so proud of himself; I could see his chest puff out when he gave it to me. It was worth the lost sleep, almost. I love him, too, but he's a lot more standoffish than Alice. Jasper makes you work for his affection. I have this ingenious cat flap for my sliding balcony door. I love it. They love it. Before I got it they used to wail at the door at all hours for me to let them out. I had to keep their litter box in the closet but now I keep it outside in the corner. It's a win-win for all of us. They get to pretend that they're outdoor cats and my home doesn't smell like turds. Plus, heat is included in my overly-inflated rent. Bonus. The good news is that I'm taking the cat flap thingy with me. I don't have a place yet, but if there is a sliding door I'll be able to give my kids their freedom in the new place, if it's not too cold. I'm just beginning to start the packing process and that's the point of this story. I love my condo. It has a sleeping loft, generous kitchen, sliding glass door, good-sized balcony and a great big tub. There's also an office space, pantry and two walk-in closets in my bedroom. There is a great set of open stairs that the cats love to play on. I don't have a whole lot of furniture so that makes the space seem bigger, somehow. I do have a deceptively heavy folding couch/spare bed in my living area just beside the sliding door. The other night I was doing research by looking at house and condo listings. I had printed a few of my favourites so I could compare them and make notes. Sometimes you just need a paper copy of stuff, you know? Alice and Jasper were having a wrestling match and Alice leaped over me, knocking some of the papers to the floor. A couple of them slid under the couch and were too far under for me to reach them. After swearing rather loudly, I huffed and puffed and moved the couch away from the wall where it had been nestled since I moved in. Yes, I've never cleaned under my damn couch. Who are you, my mother? Bite me— it's heavy. There, on top of a thick layer of dust, were the condo listings. There were also a bevy of cat toys, which made an odd noise come out of Jasper. But the pièce de résistance was a pile of clothing stuffed in a back corner of the dusty imprint of the couch. Alice sauntered over to it and curled up on top of it. I had no idea where it had come from. I wasn't missing any clothes, towels or blankets. I shooed Alice to back off and picked up some of the pile. It was an armful. I brought it over to the dining table and set it down for a better look. Holy shit nuggets, Batman. (There was one of those too; maybe I should clean under there more often). It was almost two-dozen men's boxer briefs and fifteen socks, ten of them paired. Men's fucking underwear under my couch. I'll be the first to admit, I've had the very occasional one night stand and I have brought a date or two home but definitely not two dozen. Nowhere near two dozen. Fine, it was once and he left with his underthings on, I swear. The underwear was all the same size, too. Mostly the same brand. Solid colours for the most part, a couple with a staid pattern of checks or stripes. The socks were mostly all dark dress socks with discrete patterns. Alice sat on the table and watched me inventory her stash. I could tell it was her work. She had a look of pride about her, similar to Jasper's look when he gives me presents. Jasper hopped on the table, sniffed the pile, hissed and flounced away. Alice trilled to him but he flashed his butt at her and went upstairs to nap. So, my cat has been stealing clothes from the neighbours. I repeat— my cat has been stealing clothes, intimate clothes. A stranger's intimate clothes. And then she's been secreting them under my damn couch. So, this is the icing on the cake and now I really have to move because tomorrow I have to plaster the neighbourhood with flyers admitting my cat's thievery and find the man who is missing all his gotchies. I can't live here any longer. I need to win the house you've put up for auction. Please, you can tell I'm desperate and I really hope this essay shows that I'm deserving, as well. Thank you. Yours sincerely, Isabella (Bella) Swan Ibeaswan at writersinternational dot com Dear Committee, Not to hound you about the contest but I have a follow-up to my story that may be of interest to you. The next day, fifty flyers graced my neighbourhood. Twenty of them were placed in the various