Warning: This story takes place in a time when women had no control over anything including their own bodies. They could not own property, vote, or serve in office. Most importantly to this story, legally there was no such thing as marital rape. Being married implied consent. This story touches on this dubious consent. Although today it is, rightly, considered rape, in that time it was not. The law was not changed in Canada until just after the Charter of Rights and Freedoms (1982) was enacted, in 1983. Please do not read this story if it will in any way make you uncomfortable or trigger a reaction. If this story offends you, I sincerely apologize. Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. My disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. I do own a vivid memory of how cold the prairies can really get. The coldest temperature ever recorded in Winnipeg was −47.8 °C (−54 °F), on 24 December 1879 and the coldest since then was −45 °C (−49 °F) on 18 February 1966.* (wikipedia) I wasn't alive for either of those dates but I frozen my ass off just the same. Beta writer/reader/guru/sensei: beachcomberlc Pre-reader/great and all knowing OZ: SunflowerFran Annapolis Royal, Nova Scotia, Canada, 1852 If it had not been for her aunt's sense of family, Isabella would have died shortly after her birth. The same birth that killed her mother. Her mother Marie was a simple-minded young girl who was seduced by a smooth talking French sailor on leave in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Marie had been working in the port city as a laundress. She had no idea that the relations she had had with her sailor would result in a child. When she was dismissed from her job for being a slattern, after losing her morning meal in a tub of clean clothing, one of the girls in her boarding house took pity on her and explained what was happening. She sold everything she could, save her body, and purchased rail travel back to Annapolis Royal on Nova Scotia's southern shore. Her father did not welcome her back with open arms, in fact, he had her mother strike her name from the family bible. Her sister Renee took pity on her and, with her husband's permission, allowed her to live out her pregnancy at their home as long as she stayed out of view of society. Renee had married well to an English naval officer, Phillip Dwyer. He was not pleased with Renee's sense of charity but was well pleased with Renee. She had provided him a well cared for home and many lovely children. Renee had worked very hard to rid herself of all traces of her Acadian speech and she fit in well with all the other officer's wives. Marie helped take care of her sister's house for as long as she was able but gave birth to her daughter early and died of the effort. She did not even have time to name her child. Renee christened her Isabella after their maternal grandmother and raised her as best she could. Phillip refused to give the girl his name and as they did not know the name of the French sailor who fathered her, he opened the Bible, closed his eyes, pointed and found a surname for the little bastard. He giggled with delight when he read the name he had unconsciously chosen; Swan, an unclean bird from Leviticus 11:18. To him it seemed fitting. Her aunt tried to give her as much love as she could but was hindered by Ship's Master Dwyer. He made sure that his children received the best of everything and if there was anything left over it could go to Isabella. Isabella fell directly in the middle of the family order. There were two boys and a girl, older than her and two girls and a boy younger. Isabella was eighteen months younger than her eldest female cousin. Isabella's childhood was unremarkable. She ate, she slept, she worked, she learned. Most importantly, she obeyed. She knew no better than to obey. At the age of sixteen the eldest daughter was sent to finishing school to help her prepare to make a suitable marriage. So as not to impede his daughter's success Ship's Master Dwyer sat his wife down and informed her that he had secured a respectable position for Isabella. She would not be attending finishing school when she turned sixteen but would travel out west instead. He had everything arranged; Isabella would start her journey in the spring. She would be chaperoned on the almost three thousand mile journey in exchange for her services as a mother's helper. By the time she would arrive in Rupert's Land she would be sixteen and employed. Her gentleman employer was of very good reputation and had a stellar family. Renee spent the winter teaching Isabella everything she could to help her in her new life as an Inn's housekeeper. As she was the only child in the household to have chores, Isabella was fairly adept at housekeeping. She learned her lessons quickly and well. Renee had a very frank and truthful lecture for Isabella about the ways between a man and his wife in the eventuality that Isabella found a husband. Renee did not want what happened to her sister to happen again. Braced with her new knowledge, her baggage, and a few coins, Isabella set off at the end of March. As prepared as she was for the adventure, Isabella was terrified. To be sent away from everything she had known to a very uncertain future brought a fear that plagued her nights. Ship's Master Dwyer deposited her at the train station, briefly introducing her to the family she was to travel with. They were minor Russian aristocracy and believed themselves much better than everyone they had met in their new country. They had more money than sense and had chosen a travel plan that incorporated as many modes of transportation as possible. Isabella was treated as less than the lowliest of servants, given meagre rations and accommodations. When they travelled by rail she was made to sleep on the floor of the children's compartment. When they voyaged by water she was given no blankets as the Lady was chilled. When they travelled by carriage she was to ride with the driver in the open air. Over the months that it took to arrive in Rupert's Land, Isabella lost all of the slight plumpness of childhood and became nearly skeletal and drawn. There was no longer a rosy glow on her cheeks and her hair was limp and matted. Daily cold washings had left her clean but her skin was chafed and raw. She had left Nova Scotia a plain but pleasant-looking girl; she was that no longer. She was unceremoniously dropped off at the rail station in Fort Rouge with her baggage and two pounds sterling. After getting directions to the Inn near Fort Garry, Isabella set off on foot to her new home. The air was hot and dry, completely different from the sea air she had grown up with. A fine layer of dust settled on her skin by the time she arrived at the Inn. A large sign proclaiming Inn at the Forks announced her arrival. The building was bigger than any she had ever seen and she wondered how she was to clean it all. Perhaps there would be another maid or two to help. She tried to brush the dust off her dress before walking into the main reception hall to find her employer. A cheery peal of bells sounded as she opened the door. The young man at the counter took in the sight of travel-weary Isabella and smiled at her. She walked to the desk and put her baggage on the floor. "I am Isabella Swan. I'm to see Mr. Cullen." The young man at the counter nodded and left the desk. He came back minutes later with a tall man, who had a look of consternation on his face. "You are Isabella Swan?" Isabella nodded her head. "This way." The man pointed to an open door just beside the desk. "Get Weber." He said to the desk clerk. Isabella picked up her bags and followed the tall man. He led her through a few hallways to the back of the Inn. He held a door open for her and motioned for her to go ahead of him. Once through the door he pointed to a smaller building set away from the Inn. It was a large carriage house with what looked like living quarters above. He led her again to a stairway up to the living area. When she opened the door she saw that it was a dwelling rather than the dormitory she was expecting. She looked around the sitting room just off the entry. It was well appointed and comfortable looking although it could do with a good cleaning. The tall man stood by the door with his back to her. She waited patiently for him to give her instructions. "You are not what I expected." He finally said after a very lengthy pause. "I'm sorry, Sir. It was a very taxing journey. If you could show me to my room I can clean up before meeting Mr. Cullen and starting my work as housekeeper." Isabella was exhausted but could rally her courage to begin her new life. "I am Mr. Cullen. This is your new home, not your place of employment. You are here to become my wife, not my housekeeper." The tall man did not even turn to face her as he destroyed her every perception. "My uncle said I was to be a housekeeper at the Inn. Not your wife." Isabella's voice shook with terror. "Your uncle told me you were pretty; I guess he lied to us both. Here's the Minister. Just do as you are told, do you understand? Answer every one of his questions with an affirmative." The tall man finally turned and fixed her with a glare. "Yes, Sir." Isabella obeyed. He opened the door for the Minister and his wife, Mrs. Weber. He greeted both in a very friendly manner, showing them into the parlour, leaving Isabella to follow behind them. Brief introductions were made before the marriage ceremony began. Isabella did as she was told and answered in the affirmative to every question posed to her. In short order she found herself married to a man whose first name she still did not know. The Webers politely refused the offer of tea made to them as they had other social obligations. Isabella took their best wishes for her future with a small smile. After showing the Webers to the door, Isabella's new husband turned and surveyed her for a long moment. "Your room is the last one on the left down that hallway. Get yourself cleaned up and ready. I will be back in a few hours. I have much to talk to you about tonight." With a slight nod of his head he left her alone. Isabella gathered her things and slowly walked to her new room. It was pleasant enough, a small bed with a white counterpane, a washstand, dresser and wardrobe. Thin lace curtains covered the window that looked out over the back of the property. The land was flat and rolling. It was entirely different from coastal views Isabella was used to seeing. There was a large vegetable garden and a copse of tall trees. So far the view was the most pleasing thing Isabella had encountered in her new life. She set about unpacking and arranging her belongings. She wandered into the kitchen to heat some water to bathe. The kettle was full but cold. After stoking the fire and warming the water she bathed, redressed and then waited for her husband to return. She waited