The Longest Night A seasonal tale for my darling Silver Thorne and Alex Took The king of Gondor, for all his regality, poise and valor, fled from his keep in the dark hours before dawn, like a vagrant urchin. Swiftly saddling Brego, Aragorn collected his bow, quiver, and the saddlebags that he had set out the evening before, then slipped out of one of the higher levels of Gondor through a nil watched gate. The narrow path that wove down the rocky mountainside was treacherous in the fairest of weather and warmth of sun, but now it was bathed in moonlight and snow. Were Brego a horse of Gondor, Aragorn would have worried for the sureness of his steed's step, but the stallion was of Rohan, and had more than proved his mettle in past battles and adventures. " Mae carnen, mellon-nïn ," the son of Arathorn whispered as he patted Brego's neck when the horse at last finished their dangerous descent. The fields of Pelennor stretched before them as the sky turned rosy pink, heralding the dawn. Pulling his dark cloak tighter around his shoulders, Aragorn exhaled deeply, his breath clouding before him. A vast expanse of snow lay between him and the distant forest, which was his destination. Leaning forward, he silently prodded Brego onwards, not wanting to be spotted by his own sentinels in the dawnlight. As his horse began to cross the fields with ease, Aragorn couldn't help but smirk. Here he was, a grown man, a king at that, sneaking out of his own house so that he may spend some time in the woods alone before the solstice celebrations that eve. After so many years of solitude, the constant presence of his guards and retainers could grate on him like a headache. Whether it was the sound of their footfalls in the hall, echoing his, or the grumbling of their stomachs as they watched him eat, Aragorn longed to dismiss the men and continue as he always had: alone. The pomp and ceremony of being king could exhaust him to no end and often his only retreat was his private quarters. His men would remain at their posts outside, and in his rooms he could air his stresses of the day with Arwen, play with their son Eldarion, and just... stare at the wall. No parchments to sign, no quarrels to resolve, no treaties to be examined. Just quietness and love and steady breathing. Not that he shirked his duties as king. In fact, he threw himself into them wholeheartedly, and truly loved his people, but there were moments when he needed a retreat. This was one of those moments. He had left a note on the bedside table for Arwen, explaining that he would be back before midday, and to tell the guards that he was feeling ill and needed to lie in. She would understand. She always understood, for she often slipped out for her own quiet moments among the trees and birds, far from the din of Men. Elessar had been king of Gondor for over five years now and felt as if the crown had changed him. He had so little time to himself that stealing moments for reflection on who he was now were all he could afford. Brego snorted loudly, shaking Aragorn out of his thoughts. They were now nearly halfway across the fields and the treeline was growing ever nearer. The sky brightened, but by the time the sun had crept close enough to shed light upon the Pelennor, the king and his steed had slipped into the forest unseen. Aragorn patted Brego's neck and felt the tension in his shoulders immediately begin to ease once he was under the cover of the trees. The scents of the pines lingered on the cold air and coupled with the boisterous morning songs of birds, Aragorn felt home. He slowed his mount and allowed Brego to pick his own leisurely path, winding through the conifers and naked, sleeping deciduous trees. The lines etched in Elessar's brow smoothed as the birdsong filled him and he let his body melt into the gentle sway of Brego's withers. A lark called in the distance, followed by the chattering of chickadees and the chittering of a squirrel in a nearby tree. Aragorn cracked open a pale blue eye and turned his head minutely to catch a glimpse of the red squirrel just as it noticed him and froze, silent, before darting back up its tree. Aragorn smiled. He knew Brego's scent masked his own and that nearly all animals perceived him and his horse as one being: an unthreatening herbivore. Not a Man. Aragorn lost his sense of time and allowed his mind to be fully absorbed in space, feeling as if his body were drifting into the landscape around him. Peace washed through him, bathing his senses in glorious light as his heart fell in synch with the pulse of the forest. It was not until the sun had already risen in the sky that Aragorn returned to himself, refreshed and renewed, and took an interest in his surroundings once more. Steam wafted from the surrounding tree trunks as they warmed in the sunlight. A brush bunny nibbled on the bark of one in the distance, and as Brego slowed, lipping at some moss, Aragorn realized that he had a clear shot at the rabbit. But the small creature was so endearing and heartbreakingly unaware of its possible fate that Aragorn stayed his hand. There was too little meat on a rabbit to justify its death, and suddenly the idea of hunting on the solstice lost its appeal to the king. This was a day to celebrate the return of light to the world, the rebirth of Arda, and should not be observed with the death of one of its children. When Aragorn saw that Brego was ripping off a fair amount of bark with the moss, he prodded his mount forwards again, knowing well the dangers of a horse ingesting too much sand and fiber. He knew he would one day be parted from Brego, but he would not let their parting be caused by colic. At length, the pair came upon a stream and in the clearing that surrounded the banks, Aragorn realized that a light snow was falling. A doe and her nearly grown fawn drank from a chilly pool that had gathered in the shallows and the former Ranger observed them for a time. Ice was beginning to form on the slower-moving rims of the river, and sniffling, Aragorn noticed the dropping temperature. There would be a heavy snow that night. Dismounting, Aragorn tethered Brego and built a small campfire to warm his hands while he rested, allowing his mind to continue to unwind in the pleasant company of the woods. Brego snorted and rubbed his face on his foreleg, attempting to rid himself of the itch of his bridle. Aragorn allowed his eyes to focus on the dancing orange and yellow of the small flames before him, the waters of his mind stilling like a pond. He kept them glassy and undisturbed and looked at his reflection in their waters. Grizzled and lined, he was finally beginning to show his long age. Time was not easy to welcome into the heart of a mortal, yet in the still waters he embraced each gray hair, each fine line, knowing that they were hard earned reminders of all he had seen and done; all he had accomplished. 'Twas better to live to see ones face grow haggard than to die without having lived enough to earn a storyline on one's face. A jay screeched from a branch not three feet from Elessar's head, shaking the king out of his waking dreams. His movement in turn startled the blue bird into flight, and Aragorn realized that his shoulders were covered with a mantle of snow. Dusting them off and shaking the white flakes from his head, he noted the dying embers of the fire and the darkening sky. The close of the day had snuck upon him while he had been fully absorbed in wandering the paths of his mind, reconnecting with his changed self and welcoming the man he had become with a smile and a warm grasp of the hand. Blaming his scant Elven blood for allowing him such dreamy remissness, Aragorn rose, only to wince as his cold joints ached and protested so much that they nearly brought him down. Grimacing as he straightened, he felt his left knee complain that it had not been supple since the battle of Amon Hen, his right shoulder sigh and remind him of his injuries suffered in the Battle at the Black Gate, and ankles... well, his ankles had been complaining since he perpetually sprained them as a youth struggling to keep up with his Elven brothers, Elrohir and Elladan. Rubbing his hands together, he was alarmed by how cold he had become without being aware. Night was falling fast, hastened by the dark layer of clouds shrouding the sun's pale light. Brego was resting, a dusting of snow covering his body, but the horse shifted his weight and perked his ears once Aragorn approached. Stiffly brushing off his mount, Aragorn took his time getting his left foot into the stirrup before swinging himself up onto the saddle. The sun was too low and veiled to be used for navigation, so Aragorn instead relied upon his instincts and the moss on the trees for guidance. Urging Brego forward, he felt the horse begin to work out the stiffness of his own joints, and Aragorn silently promised that he would give him plenty of apple cider soaked oats once they at last returned to the stables. Yet after a half an hour of riding through the trees, heading north, Aragorn felt the first flutter of panic within. He was not yet as familiar with these woods as he would like, and while he was confident that he would find his way home, he was anxious with the thought that Arwen would be worried about him. His wife and son, who was barely four, would be waiting for his return to begin their feast and to decorate their evergreen tree. He did not want his remiss actions to deprive his family of their solstice celebrations. Darkness settled around him and the snow began to fall so heavily that its flakes made their way through the pine canopy. Here and there he could hear boughs bowing as trees shed the weight of snow from their limbs. The cold was seeping into his own bones, and Aragorn began to regret having come into the woods at all. His return home was taking far too long, and now that the moss on the trees was no longer visible, he was traveling by instinct alone and trusting Brego's memory of where his barn lay. Caught up in growing worry over the image of Arwen and Eldarion peering out the frosty window, searching for him while holding worried guards at bay, Aragorn didn't heed the warning thump of falling snow. A loud crack rent the frigid air as a heavy bough broke, not ten feet from the king and his mount. Brego jumped at the sound, and when the branch was hewn from the pine with a tearing snap, the horse panicked reared. Aragorn's fingers were too stiff to grab the horse's mane to steady himself and once he felt his center of gravity shift, he realized that all he could do was try to land without getting hurt. Which was easier thought than achieved. Aragorn landed with all of his weight on his left leg and his knee crumpled under the impact, sending him down into the snow. Brego bolted and as Aragorn's head swam for a moment, he could hear the creaking of the saddle and the jingle of the reins as his mount galloped