Chapter One: Concerning Reincarnation My head was ringing when I 'woke up'. I felt like I had just been to one of my friends birthday party's and had stayed up too late drinking soda and other sugary drinks before waking up too early. That wasn't the case, however, because last night I had been… Last night I had been.. I couldn't remember what I had been doing last night. I shot up in bed, the quick motion making me nauseous and causing the room to spin around. I raised my hands to grasp my head in between them, closing my eyes and fighting the urge to regurgitate whatever was in my stomach. I stayed that way for a moment, just allowing my body to get used to sitting in an upright position. Cautiously, I cracked open one of my eyes and audibly sighed in relief when the room remained immobile. The first thing that caught my eye was the wall opposite of my bed; it had been painted green. 'When had Mum and Dad had a chance to paint my room without me noticing?' I wondered, blinking and rubbing the sleep out of my eyes just to make sure I wasn't hallucinating or dreaming. No, the wall was still green. I grabbed the corner of my comforter with my left hand and pulled, yanking the blanket in a diagonal motion to uncover my legs so that I could get out of bed and investigate the strange color of my wall - At least, that was what my undeveloped plan was until I got distracted by something a lot more strange. My legs only reached halfway to the end of my bed. I know for a fact that my legs were practically at the edge; I was considerably tall for a fourteen year old and I had just been complaining to my parents that I needed a bigger mattress to sleep on. This mattress, however, was a twin bed - so what the hell was going on? My head was pounding now that the ringing had stopped, a result from the combination of my racing thoughts and dry mouth. I was most likely dehydrated but that was the least of my worries; because I didn't have my hands. I had hands, yes, but they were absolutely not MY hands. My hands were twice the size of the ones that were being held steadily in front of my face at the present moment. My hands were normally much more tan, had a rougher look about them, and they also had a scar on my right index finger from where I had almost cut it off a couple of years ago on accident. I felt myself beginning to hyperventilate in my panic. Where was I and why was my body so different? Was this a weird, lifelike dream? What was going on? My eyes scoured the unfamiliar room that I was in, completely discomfited by the way that a small part of me almost seemed to recognize it. That was impossible though because I absolutely didn't recognize the green walls, the beige carpeting, or the green and grey striped comforter I was laying underneath. I didn't recognize any of children books scattered in small piles around the room, the wooden chest with an open lid revealing a small amount of toys, or what looked like a second hand dresser that was chipped in a couple of places. I made a startled noise that got caught in the back of my throat, thankfully slightly muffling the sound, because I didn't recognize the other twin-sized bed in the room either. The bed that had a lump underneath a comforter that was identical to my own - well, to the one that I was using currently at least. Slowly, I moved my legs to the edge of the bed and quietly stood up after I felt my feet connect with carpet. I winced with every squeak the obviously well-used mattress made as I got out of the bed, hoping that I would be able to get up without awakening the other occupant of the room. There was a mirror on top of the dresser, one of the small cosmetic mirrors that spun with one side more magnified than the other side. My sister had one on her desk so that she could apply her make-up easily but hers had a gold stand while this one just seemed to be made out of some kind of silver metal. I crept across the room and frowned when my eyes only came up to the second highest drawer on the rather shabby dresser. My eyes nervously searched the room for something I could stand on top of without breaking it; I was desperate to look into the mirror because something told me I wouldn't recognize myself. My eyes lit up as they landed on a chair that was tucked away in the corner of the room closest to the bed opposite of the one I had woken up in; The bed that currently had an unknown person sleeping inside of it. I did what I always do before coming to a decision on whether the reward of completing a goal was worth the risk I was taking to complete aforementioned goal. I made a list of the pros and the cons, just like my Mum had taught me. Pros: I would get insight into my current situation (possibly). I would be able to see if my cell phone, which I couldn't see anywhere else in the room, was on top of the dresser. Cons: The other person may be a light sleeper, so I could possibly wake up someone I don't know and have to deal with an awkward (potentially hostile?) situation. The other occupant may be highly possessive and could fly off the handle when they sees that I moved a chair from 'their side' of this room. It was about even on both sides, I couldn't think of any other pros or cons. I also couldn't think of anything else I could do right now besides randomly explore the rest of the house I was in, which was even more stupid than dragging a chair over to a dresser. Resigning myself to a possible awkward encounter, I stealthily made my way over to the antique looking chair situated in the corner. Carefully, I moved a stack of books from the seat of the chair and placed them delicately on the floor just at the foot of the bed. I glanced at the lump in the bed I was standing next to and silently watched as the green and gray comforter rose and fell in an easy rhythm. Based on the breathing pattern and the soft, barely audible snoring sounds I would guess the other person was sound asleep. I couldn't see their face with the blanket pulled over their head, so my assumption would have to do in this case. Hopefully they were a deep sleeper. I grabbed the chair by the middle, my hands both latching onto an expanse of rounded, worn wood that connected the back of the chair with the seat on both sides. I lifted up, letting out a sharp breath when I felt how heavy this old chair was, and finally frowning as I stepped away from the chair. I couldn't lift a chair. Either I was incredibly weak or that chair was incredibly heavy; based on the fact that the chair was as tall as I was myself, the rational side of my brain was leaning towards the former. With a grimace, I once again grabbed the chair and tilted it so that the two front legs were no longer connected to the ground before I began dragging it across the carpet. The somewhat rickety chair made sounds of protest as it was manhandled across the carpet, leaving two thick lines from where the chair had originally sat to where I was moving it to because of the back legs digging into the soft carpet as I dragged the stupid thing. I let out a satisfied huff of air when I finally reached my destination, pushing the chair so that the back was flat up against the wall of drawers. I gingerly stepped onto the seat, eyeing the piece of furniture suspiciously as it groaned in protest with my additional weight. Figuring that it was safe for now and knowing the sooner I looked into the mirror, the sooner I would be able to stop standing on the unreliable piece of furniture, I eagerly turned the cosmetic mirror towards my face and looked at the reflective surface. My jaw dropped and I jumped a little in my surprise, momentarily forgetting that I was standing on a piece of furniture that was meant to be sat upon. I gracelessly tumbled off of the chair, landing with a loud 'thump' in an undignified heap beside the dresser and letting out a small groan of pain. That was admittedly stupid. I ignored the telltale sounds of bedsheets being moved, the sound just not registering in my ears, and quickly got back to my feet. I scrambled to get on top of the chair once again and stared into the small, circular mirror that was reflecting back what should have been my face. In the mirror was the face of a young child, maybe five years old or possibly six. The face was thin with high cheekbones but there was still some baby fat around the jaw area. Jade eyes, which was like a darker green color, were staring at me with light brown eyebrows furrowed above them in confusion. Light brown - almost blonde - hair was hanging down and covering my forehead carelessly, still in disarray from sleep. The slightly angular face was more pale than the one I was used to seeing and definitely a lot younger as well. Tentatively, I brought a finger up to my face and watched in captivation as the reflection did the same thing. I slowly brought the finger towards my face, not thinking for a moment how strange this would look to someone looking at the scene as an observer, and I flinched when the finger finally made contact with pale, unblemished skin. Quickly, I all but slammed the mirror so that it was face down, luckily not breaking it, before I plopped into the seat I had previously been using as a stool. I could feel my breathing once again quicken, my lungs feeling tight and the pressure in my head akin to what I would imagine it would feel like to have someone crushing your skull between two hard surfaces. 'This is a dream.' I thought hysterically, my breathing coming in short, pained gasps. 'There is no other explanation. This isn't real. This can't be real.' "'Phy?" I heard a young, quiet voice call out tentatively. My head snapped up at the sound, the speed causing a jolt of pain to flash down my neck which I ignored in favor of staring at the other boy sitting up in the bed. The other occupant, who was a small boy that looked about five or six, was awake and staring at me with concern painted on his features. I didn't say anything, still struggling to breathe normally, but I was uncomfortably aware of how the sound of my desperate attempts to get oxygen into my lungs seemed to reverberate within the small room. The other boy had the same color of hair as the boy I had just glimpsed in the mirror had, the same bone structure, and even the same shape of eyebrows. The only difference was that this boy's eyes seemed to be a lovely shade of brown, more of an amber color really, instead of the green I had just seen. My body tensed as I watched the other boy climb out of his bed and make his way to where I