Hello there. Summary: After a stray curse during the battle of the DOM upsets the time room and sends Harry and his friends back in time, they find themselves in the company of the Potters and the Marauders in 1975. Stuck in the past, they decide to change the world for the better with the knowledge they have attained from their own world. But will they actually change it for the better? Or will their changes have consequences worse than they could have foreseen? I will admit right now, the beginning is inspired by Stepping Back, written by TheBlack'sResurgence, in the sense that Harry travels back in time and at least the Potter family know who he truly is, rather than some alternate identity. In the same sense, I will also draw quite a bit of inspiration (though credit for the original idea rightfully goes to the aforementioned author) for a friendship and alliance between Charlus Potter and Arcturus Black. Hence the reason why I divert from canon on James' parentage: after reading Honour Thy Blood I found it near-impossible to imagine James' father being anything else in my head-canon than the awesome character described there. But since I don't want to divert from established canon too much, I settled for a compromise: Charlus and Fleamont are brothers, and the latter is James' uncle. Speaking of which, thank you TheBlack'sResurgence for giving me such an awesome idea. Credit goes to you for that, and I hope that if you find this, you will enjoy this. Concerning Bashing and Pairings: mild Dumbledore bashing. He isn't an evil bastard out to control Harry, like in far too many fics on this site. But he's made a lot of mistakes in Harry's fifth year, and due to the fact he isn't here back in time with Harry, our young protagonist won't get the answers he wants from his headmaster. And simply put, this lack of answers is filled in by people far less favourable to Dumbledore, painting him in a far worse light than he deserves. The only pairing set so far is James/Lily. The rest is open for suggestion, though I don't think I'll be sticking with canon pairings aside from them. Why? Simple: Ron and Hermione argue too much to properly work out long-term, Ginny and Harry don't fit together in my opinion even though I don't hate her, the age difference between Remus and Tonks is too big right now to properly work at all (Tonks would be a toddler at most, for god's sake), and I felt pity Sirius never found someone in the end. But feel free to make suggestions, or give arguments why a canon pairing would work. I still might take it anyway. Hell, make as many suggestions as you want, no matter how absurd they are. Hell, if someone suggested a four-way pairing between Snape, Harry, Luna and McGonagall I still would consider it. The odds aren't high I'd go down that road, but still... You get the idea. I prefer non-slash, though, so if you suggest otherwise your argument had better be strong. Oh, and for the record: the less obvious pairings are open, too, like Amelia Bones, Narcissa, Regulus, Amos Diggory, Either of the Prewett twins and the like. Rated M so I don't have to watch my language, and because a number of future things I'll do will be quite... horrific. Underlined is nearly entirely taken from Harry Potter: The Halfblood Prince, and isn't owned by me. On that account, the entire Harry Potter saga and everything it contains isn't owned by me. I'm just fooling around in the sand box. Please, Review Read and Favourite if you enjoyed it. Chapter 1 Department of Mysteries, Ministry of Magic Headquarters, London Harry once again cursed his own stupidity, as he and Neville ran through the hall of Prophecies. He should have known this was a trap as soon as he'd entered the Ministry, much less when he entered the Department of Mysteries, without encountering a single soul. The ministry was many things, including idiotic and stupid, but they weren't morons. There should have been a token force of guards to deal with in the atrium at the least. But he'd let his desperation and recklessness guide him and the others on into the department, and he'd foolishly grabbed the glass orb without a single care or thought, and now they were in trouble. He'd let Lucius prattle and goad on, about how it was all a trap, and that despite Harry's visions to the contrary, Sirius had never set foot in this department, much less been captured and tortured by Voldemort. How it had been a carefully arrayed trap, so he could grab the orb only he and Voldemort could grab, so that they could, in turn, steal it for their Dark Lord. He'd let the man, despite his anger. It gave them the time they needed so Hermione and the others could get ready to turn the tables on the Death Eaters. He'd had to hold Neville back when Bellatrix blast-her Lestrange insulted the memory of the boy's parents, but they'd managed. Ginny and Luna had promptly provided said distraction, blasting the two rows they were standing next to and collapsing most of the Prophecies, and half of one cabinet, onto the Death Eaters, while Hermione blasted a hole in the stack for them to escape through in the confusion. The distraction hadn't lasted long, though, and before long they were on the run again, alternating between running back towards the exit and fending off Death Eaters. They had been forced to split early on, with Ron, Hermione and Ginny forced in one direction at a splitting in one of the stacks, while he, Neville and Luna headed down the others. And Luna had again been forced to run on after Harry and Neville had been forced to stop to fight the Lestrange Brothers, who by themselves were quite vicious. They had served life sentences for a reason, after all, with each of them having killed at least ten Aurors before being captured. In the end, they had to settle for stunning them and taking their wands before being forced to run on or risk the wrath of Antonin Dolohov. And Harry knew he wouldn't survive a duel with that psychopath. The man had been the European duelling champion for England before siding with Voldemort, and was the man's deadliest servant, aside from Bellatrix and Lucius. Harry skidded to a stop again, as a spell sailed through the stacks to his left. A Crucio, judging by the spell colour and by how easily it tore through the wood. Harry stopped, ready to fling another stunner down the open hole. But to his relief the Death Eater on the other side was already stopped, three stunners hitting him just as he came into view, and Hermione and Ron running past moments later, carrying Ginny between them, who hissed when her ankle bumped over the Death Eater's body. "Reducto," Harry said, as he sent the spell into the stack ahead of them, and created a hole large enough for Harry and Neville to duck through, and which would allow them to rejoin Hermione and- "Crucio!" Bellatrix yelled behind them, and Harry dove to the ground. He rolled aside, as he expected another curse to head towards him. But Neville was already duelling her, firing spell after spell at her, trying to keep her from retaliating by the sheer number of spells she had to deflect. But it was obvious from the coy smirk on her face as she moved her wand that she was merely toying with him; humouring her past victim. Harry scrambled to get up, and joined Neville in holding her back. "Poor wee little Longbottom." Bellatrix taunted. "Even your parents had a plan, as bad as it was. What would they say if they saw you now?" "I'll kill you, bitch." Neville yelled, as the cursed he threw her way grew more violent. Bellatrix merely laughed, as she simply shifted from shielding against Harry and Neville's spells to dodging. "Of course, your parents are too mad to even recognise the face of their own SON OF A BITCH!" Bellatrix yelled that last bit, as a stray curse dislodged a prophecy above them, which fell onto her shoulder and shattered, the pieces piercing her shoulder like glass. Harry took a small bit of satisfaction for Neville that it was the woman's wand arm. Before Bellatrix could stop playing around, however, two stunners sailed past Neville and Harry, and one hit the woman right between the eyes. Her eyes briefly widened from surprise before she closed them and collapsed to the ground. As Neville snatched up the woman's wand, Harry turned and nodded in thanks to Ron and Hermione, who were picking Ginny back up again to carry between them. Now mostly reunited, the group ran back towards the exit. After all, with nearly a dozen Death Eaters in the building, they had little chance of survival otherwise. Finally the came to the middle path between the stacks that lead to the Time Room, and from there back to the turning room with a dozen identical doors, and back to the lifts. "Ok, we're almost there." He said, starting to run. Neville did likewise, but Hermione and Ron lagged behind, the weight of Ginny slowing them down. After barely ten seconds, Neville had enough, stopped until the latter three had rejoined them, grabbed Ginny and hoisted her over his left shoulder. "Hey!" She yelled indignantly. "I'm not some sandbag to toss around." "Just watch my back, ok?" Neville asked, ignoring Ginny's protest as he jogged to catch up. Harry looked at the boy, impressed at the sight. While Ginny certainly wasn't heavy like Millicent Bulstrode, it took a lot of strength and stamina to keep carrying her and running like Neville did. Perhaps there was more to the boy than Harry had previously thought. His thoughts were interrupted when two more Death Eaters jumped out between the stacks, ready to duel them again. Goyle and Nott, Harry thought they were called back at the graveyard. Or was it Crabbe? Either way, it didn't matter. Harry immediately sent a bombarda curse to land between them, the concussive force of which made them stumble. And well-placed stunners from Hermione and Ron finished them off. Once again, Harry only stopped to take their wands before moving on. Aside from taking away the Death Eaters' only weapons, you never knew when having another wand could come in handy. A lesson Moody (ok, Barty Crouch Junior) had taken quite some time to drive home to them last year. The rest of the way went mostly undisturbed. Due to the commotion of collapsing shelves behind them most of the Death Eaters still thought they were further back. They only encountered Mulciber and Jugson when they reached the only way out (through the time room) and both were caught unaware because both were trying to break into the room, rather than standing guard against them. They never heard the incantations of the stunner and body bind that hit them. "Guys?" Ginny asked nervously from Neville's back. "Where's Luna?" Harry whirled around. Of course, in the intense duelling and adrenaline-fuelled rush to get out, they'd completely forgotten that Luna was still back there somewhere. He cursed his luck, and moved to run back, and check if Luna was at the heart of the commotion. When the door to the Time Room opened, and Luna stepped out. Her hair was disheveled and dirtier than usual, she was bleeding quite a bit from a cut on her scalp, her clothes were red from it, and her right sleeve was torn up, but she was alive. The same could not be said for Avery, who lay on the ground with his head smashed in, a time turner sticking out of his eye. Harry realised