James sat back in his favourite reading chair, book in his lap and tea beside him. He hadn't really been reading the book. Instead, he was staring into the fire, thinking about his little lover as he waited for his beloved son to come home from visiting with some friends. He had missed his child, even if it were only two days. Harry walked into the townhouse, handing his cloak to Lola when she appeared. He asked her where Dad was before walking off, feeling happier than he had in a while. Harry made his way into the library, where he knew his Father would be waiting for him. "Dad?" he asked, looking into the room with a small smile. "Here, baby," James answered with a smile, closing his book and setting it aside. He looked up at his small lover, always delighted to see the child. Harry walked in, still smiling. "Did I interrupt you?" His smile all innocent as his predatory eyes took in the roughly handsome form of his Dad in the firelight, the shadows of flames dancing around the room. Somehow, James with his unusually neat state of dress and wind swept unruly black hair spoiling his whole wana be neat persona made the library look like the most sexy place and the only reason James was there was because he knew what his son would do to him after such a display. What ever else could James use the library for...? XD Sirius did just that as well to Harry, but Sirius' place was in front of the hearth with a glass of scotch in hand, watching the flames. Harry loved watching his godFather think where he liked to watch his Dad read. Peacefully, quietly, intensly...oh. Harry shuddered on this part. Pitty it rarely lasted when Harry was around. James was very much aware of his son's sedution and held out a hand to Harry, looking up at him with affection. "No, just thinking," he said. Harry took his hand, a shiver of pleasure at the contact that always seemed to be there, coming closer to the man. "Thinking about what?" "You," James replied to the boy's seducing and pulled, using Harry's hand to bring him down for a deep filthy kiss. The Potter Patryarch tilted his face up, lips closing over his son's, humming happily at the taste of him. Harry reached down and cupped James's face as he kissed him back urgently, sighing. "I love you," he whispered against his lips and then pulled back to look at him. "I know, baby" James smiled when he leaned his head back to look and marvel Harry's green green eyes. "Is that what you were thinking about?" Harry teased. James smirked. "Among other things," he admitted. He reached for Harry, pulling him into his lap, like he used to when Harry was little, and kissing him again and this time very unlike those kisses Harry used to get when small. their kiss was full of saliva, sliding tongues and Magick that started leaking from the both of them to welcome the other, pull them closer. Harry slipped his arms around James's neck and kissed him. It was funny how Harry could make him forget everything with just a kiss. Their Family magic cyrcling them and humming contently at their interaction, James lost himself in his small lover's arms. Harry, his sweet sweet little son was home to him and he felt that sense of peace and belonging return as he opened his mouth wider, his tongue twisting around his boy's deeper and his hands clutching at the fabric of his shirt closer. Harry moved so that he was straddling Daddy's aroused lap in the chair. He pulled back and kissed James's cheeks, then nose. James was only breath away from restraining his son's small form and rawishing his delicable small child's body. James was possitive that the naughty naughty little boy was made for being restrained and rawished and fucked full thoughtfully before seting him free on his merry way for a few hours, alas maybe next time, when his son was not in such mood and would be not offended by being forcefully bend over nearest surface, stripped and his insides plundered until James's essence rained inside the lovable smooth belly. "Beds are better, you know." James smirked, "I don't know, this position could be fun." Harry, the leligimens he was, blushed inapproprietly deep crimson at what his Father was suggesting. "Any position is fun, with you." Was the diplomatic way out. "Strip for me, child," James said, his voice deeper as he saw his Little Harry blush. Harry slipped off his lap and started to unbutton his shirt, keeping his eyes at his predatorily watching him Potter Daddy the entire time. Harry's hands started wanderring, caressing, teasing, his hips started to make small movements, making a show for Daddy Harry opend up all buttons on his clothes before he stripped the outer layers, before wrriggling his arse a little more in front of his almost drooling Head of the House, loving how the man's erection looked hard enough for Harry to slide righ into him and his magic. Then he took the rest of his clothes off as well. James smiled, watching his small son Harry as he, too, began to undress. James' cock was hard at the prospect of getting to bugger the tight child who just obeyed his comand to undress in front of him, obviously ready to let James have taste of it's soft flesh. James unbuttoned his shirt, but didn't take it off. Harry bit his lip as his pulse quickened after seeing his Dad's six pack peek out of Dad's open robes. He dropped his clothes to the floor rather quicker than he intended. He wanted to dance for Daddy a little as he felt comfortable being naked around Daddy James, but looking at his Father's half undressed state was somehow more arousing than he expected it to be. James revealed only so the most important bits of his skin. He was already so hard just getting to taste and watching his son. Stripin like that, willingly showing of the small delicate body that would come closer then mound him and slowly sit down on his lap, disregarding the thickness that was stretchng him as he sat down. Sinking carefully with face flushed eyes closed like Daddy James's cock was the only thing that existed in his world. The only thing James with his son were doing differently being that when other childern come to sit on Dad's lap, they usually don't feel how their Sire's hard, thick needy cock slowly slips through their slickend opening up their tight young gut and up their navel, bringing pleasure to the man their lap they start bouncing on eagerly. James unfastened his own trousers, opend them and slid them down just enough to let his engorged manhood free from the restricting fabric without ever getting out of the chair. His robes open and his hard erection standing invitingly for the only child of Daddy James' who was watching with burning hunger. Maybe it was that one yesterday night his Daddy could not take the usual holiday care of young Harry, as Harry was visiting a birthday party he could not refuse, but Harry felt his mouth water at the sight. Harry was plain and simple horny. He licked his lips, drooling at the sight of his Daddy James' naked skin showing in front of him, his body eagerly responding to the prospekt of getteng a hit of a freshly sprout Potter Magick to fill his empty insides with warmth. Harry smiled, enchanted, walking towards him. "You are so beautiful," "Show me," James rasped, licking his lips and spreading his legs in the chair. Harry slowly got down on his knees and shuffled forward the rest of the way, his hands resting on Daddy's lean thighs where James could feel little bits of overly exited Magick comming from the contakt. James smirked and laid a hand on Harry's head patronisingly, pushing gently, guiding the child. Harry submissively moved down, sucking the head of James's cock into his perfect little mouth. "Ah, yes," James gasped, his hand entangling in Harry's dark hair. Harry made a small noise at the back of his throat and he licked the vein and swirled his tongue around for a few, letting their sex Magick flow, then beginning to bob his head slowly, letting more and more into his mouth but not letting the cock into his throat just yet. "Stop," James said, pulling Harry's hair as he fought for control. Harry was way too good at this. His child had been trained over the years well. Almost to well. James felt proud and pleased. His son had been trained to perfection and it was James's to enjoy for long long time. His Harry pulled back, looking up at his Dad a bit dazed. "What?" James was panting a bit. He smiled and said, "Stand up and turn around." Harry gave him a strange look, but he got up and turned around, looking over his shoulder at him. His heart beat fast, curious to see what James had in mind as he had not seen this scenario in Dad's mind just minutes ago when he had peeked, well, leligimenst him. James, never getting up from his chair, continued to smile, wickedly. "Spread your legs, bend over and put your hands flat on the floor." Demanding. But oh well ... He did as Dad told him, not at all surprised that it didn't hurt. Potions took care of that long ago for him. Now he was trained in combat and hand to hand. Agility was virtue. His godfather had demanded it, for Harry to be able to bend all the way to give Siri better access. James's smile grew into a grin as he scooted forward, running his hands across the beautiful swell of his son's delightfully perky young arse just right in front of his face and down his thighs. If Harry let his head hang just right, he could see Dad's hands as they went down his thighs. He smiled, watching. Daddy used his wand for a couple simple spells and then laid his hands on each side of Harry's arse, spreading the cheeks. "I'm fonna fuck your hole and make you swallow, boy" James slapped the arse. After James got over the guilt that he had taken his thirteen year old son to his bed and had his wicked, wicked way with the delightful sobbing and screaming and eager little boy in his arms, they started getting more creative over the time if not a little rough. Little Harry would happily show Daddy James his pucker in between his spread arse cheaks to invite the older man in. That time James' small son was screaming a bloody murder as James fucked the slick tight channel hard. Sometimes a strangled "Daddy, James, Daddy, please Daddy, pretty pretty please Daddy, more, Daddy, yess, yessss!" got out of his sobbing and shiverring mess of an spoiled only child whom James had impaled and stretched beyond the child's capability, but the intense pleasure of magic from James rushing in his core overrode everything. James had him sprawled on his marial bed of the Master suite of the Potter Manor. The little boy was bucking his hips with wild abbandon only to feel Dad's rod burried deeper inside even as James was holding his son's bucking hips firmly in place, fucking. The child started sobbing uncontrolably when angled just right into that hot young eager boyish body. James on the other hand made sure to feed his little boy's soft tummy with hard thrusts and finally soothed his son with oh so satisfying feel of slick white cream that Daddy's prick entered inside the boy and cowered Little Harry's abused insides with as a calming solution that the boy adored.