JACOB POV The forest was alive with the sounds of animals going through their day. I was running, paws pounding the earth, nose inhaling the scent of rain and forest stuff, I guess. I was on my way to meet Bella at her house. Ever since her leech came back I was set on the back burner. {Come to think about it, I never even seen this blood sucker she's so in love with. Whatever I never want to meet him anyways. He's most likely a loser.} We were the best of friends before they came back now I never see her. Today is special though, we planned this day for like a month and now we shall hang out at her house. Now don't read to much into this but I don't like Bella like that. She's cool and everything but she's really annoying. A break in the tree line showed the Swan residence. Shifting mid walk I pulled my shorts off of my leg and started pulling them up. "Stupid wet jeans. Can't, Won't go up. Come on!' Shimmy, shimmy. Jump. ' Yes! Victory!" I shouted to no one as I was finally able to pull my cut offs on. Quickly buttoning and zipping I jogged up to the door. I crinkled my nose at faint smell of vamps still stuck in the air. Knocking on the door I waited as I heard the sound of foot steps coming towards me. The door opened and revealed Bella dressed in a long sleeved shirt and a pair of jeans. "Hey Jake! Gosh its been forever! Come in!" She usherd me in and shut the door quickly. "Wow Bella it smells great! What are you making me?" I asked with a bright smile, she chuckled and walked towards the kitchen. "I made lasagna. I remebered you were coming so I made you your own." She opened the oven and with a towel she pulled out a full lasagna that smelled amazing. "Wow Bells thank you so much. I swear I will eat it all." She laughed at me and I grabbed the baking dish from her hands and got a clean fork from the drawer. Walking towards the dining room I sat and waited for Bella to follow with her own plate of food. Once she was seated I dug in. Woah. Thats all I could say. Man could Bella cook. After about ten minutes or so I finshed the whole dish and waited for Bella to finish her plate. We talked and laughed as we (I watched, she did the work) cleaned the kitchen. After, we watched some tv, joking and not really paying attention to the show that was on. Bella was in the middle of telling me about this reciepe of hers that she wanted me to try when the doorbell rang. "Be right back." She walked from the couch towards the door, I listened and could hear the opening the door then a happy squeal thing. "Edward! What are you doing here?" She sounded really happy. Edward, Edward... I have a feeling I should know that name...Oh yeah! That's the leech! Letting out a chuckle at my stupidity I turn when my name was called. "Jacob, this is Edward. Edward this is Jacob." Turning my head I saw Bella holding the hand of a really pale guy. Damn vamp need some sun. Haha I'm funny. He was tall maybe a little taller than I was. He wasn't buff but wasn't a string bean either, and his hair. God what color do you even call that? Red? Brown? Maybe a bronze? His face was okay I guess straight nose, high cheek bones and a strong jaw. What color are his eyes? Oh yeah kinda have to look. Shifting my eyes up. The air left my body when his amber jewels locked on mine. I had the sudden feeling to throw myself at his feet and beg for forgiveness for not being worthy of his sight. Where the hell did that come from? And this feeling in my stomache feeling like I'm going to puke, but like its good for me. What the hell is going on? Am I sick? Can I even get sick? "Oh my god! I'm dieing!" I shouted Bella looked stunned so did the beautiful vamp. WHAT THE FUCK?! BEAUTIFUL? BEAUTIFUL!? THATS NOT SUPPOSED TO BE IN MY VOCAB!. "Jake what wrong?" Bella asked coming towards me. Shooting up I made my way to her sliding glass door. "Sorry Bells but I got to go- go do something. That isn't here you know? Yeah a course you know. Later!" With that I jumped out and started sprinting into the trees. I was half way there when I shifted. The voices of my pack hit me like a ton of bricks. What the hell happened Jake! Seth Damn your life sucks! hahaha Leah Whats happening? Embry What the hell are we going to do?! Paul EVERYONE SHUT UP! Sam I need everyone here, and by here I mean first beach. right Everyone. It took everyone about five minutes to get to the destinated point. By the time I made it Leah was laughing with Seth. Paul, Jared and Sam were talking, Quill and Embry were quiet listening to everyone. Coming into the cicle I sat beside Embry and waited. Okay everyone, we have some ideas . Sam. Yeah, one of the ideas is force . Paul. Force? What the hell you mean force? Me He means that we could try to break the imprint by using violence. Sam How the hell do you expect that to happen? Leah Like this . Paul He thought of their force idea. Pretty much it was everytime I thought of my imprint they would beat my ass. Umm. What are the other ideas? Seth. Thank you Seth . Me Okay then. The other idea is to send you away Jake. Jared. Send me away? But where? Me. We were thinking of sending you to your cousin's place by Yosemite. Sam California? He gets to go to California?! Dammit Jacob! Embry. I volunteer to go with him . Leah No Leah he doesn't need people to go with him. Sam Do you really think that would work? Me If it doesn't there is always my force idea. Paul NO! Everyone Fine, then . Paul Okay then I should call her to come get me. Me Okay everyone we'll meet at Jacob's house tomorrow afternoon. Sam Okay Everyone. Standing up everyone began to go in different directions. Starting off to my house, I began to think about my cousin. Gosh I haven't seen her in forever. Not since I was what 11, and she came to visit with the family. Woah I really have to apologise for that. Oh look I'm home. My childhood home came into view, I walked up to my window and looked around to make sure no one was outside. Making sure I was alone I shifted and crawled through my window, naked. In my room I found some sweats and pulled them on. "Okay, I need the phone." Walking out of the room I noticed how quite it was. "Dad?" Today what the hell is today? Saturday, today is saturday . He 's most likely fishing with Charlie .Charlie, Char-li-e ...shit! Bella, I have to tell Bella about what happened. First I have to get out of town. Phone, call her later. Grabbing my cell off the counter I thought of my cuz's number . Think , think . Oh yeah! Dialing the number quicky I sent a quick prayer that it was right. Ring, ring, ring. the phone rang for a bit but was answered by a percky female. "Hello!" "Umm hello is audrey there?" "Depends, who is this?" "This is Jacob." "Hey jake! Whats up?" "Hey Audrey, I have a favor to ask you?" "Sure as long as I cant get arrested.. Ask away. hehe" "Well I was wondering if if I could stay with you in California for some time?" "Oh Jake I wish you could but its that time of the year . I'll be traveling for a while . Unless you want to come with?" "Yeah, I'll come with. I'm of age so it probably for the best that I come, and it can actually fix my problem ." "Awesome." She said. "I'll be coming up tomorrow, see you then." Dial tone. Well that went well. I'll be leaving tomorrow. I hope dad understands, shit, what the hell am I going to tell dad? Thinking of different things to say the door opens and in rolls dad. "Hey Jacob come get my catch will ya?" "Sure dad." Walking into the living room I grabbed the brown paper bag out of his outstretched hand. "Dad...I have something, to tell you...Its important." I opened the fridge and put the fish there for later. Walking back towards my dad, I noticed that he was sitting comfortably in front of the tv watching a baseball game. "Okay Jake, what is it?" He turned his chair and stared at me. Gosh I have no idea what to say. "Just promsie not to be mad okay?" He looks concered but nods. "Dad, I imprinted today." He smiled and I feel terrible for saying this "It was on Edward Cullen." The smile is gone and he looks confused then realization then neutral. "What are you going to do Jake? Does he know? Does Sam know?" I sighed. "Sam knows and he, we have thought of a plan. I'm going to Leave La Push, tomorrow, and no he doesn't know." He's in deep thought and you can tell by his face. "Where are you going Jake?" Oh shit okay tell the truth, tell the truth. "I'm going with Audrey pack-mating." His faced paled and he stared down at his hands. "Is this the only way Jacob?" He looked up at me hoping there was another way. Since I refuse to go Paul's way this is. "Im sorry dad but it is." He just sighed and turned back to his game. "I love you Jake and I just want you to be happy. So if this is the way you want to do it then...it's your decesion." I don't know why but I felt a little guilty for doing this to him. Looking at the clockon the wall, I read the time 9: 47 pm. Great, patrol. "Dad I have to go. I have patrol. I most likely won't be back till later tonight." with a grunt of aknowlegement I walked out the door and stripped. Shifting I started my usual run. Feeling Leah and Seth I let my mind blank and just felt. I don't know how long I felt for because next thing I know I'm standing out side the Swan residance. Bella, I need to tell Bella that I'm leaving. Taking a step closer to the tree line I heard Leah. She's not there, you know . Leah Where did she `go? Me Left with the leeches sometime ago. Leah Oh, she isn't here. She's with the leeches, she's with Edward. Feeling a pang in my chest I freaked out. OMG! Am I dying? Is this what a heart attack feels like?! Me No you idiot you aren't having a heart attack. You are having a heart ache. You're sad that she's spending time with your imprint. Leah Really? But it hurts. And I don't even like Edward like that . Me That's the magic of the imprint. It makes feelings that were never there suddenly appear. Leah. By the way our shift is over. Night Jake. Leah Night Leah Me Running back home I thought. I have to tell Bella, and it would be better if I told her in person. I'll just have to wait till tomorrow. Arriving home I stopped outside my window phased dressed and hopped threw. Throwing myself down I was out