A/N We do not ownTwilight or it's characters. Stephenie Meyer does. Iluvthecu11ens and emsmom01 own Trial and Error. Please comment  I was packing my stuff up in the guard's office. I was being transferred to Washington State Penitentiary. They needed more guards in this large co-ed prison. There was suppose to be a certain guard to prisoner ratio and they were under staffed at that prison. I was offered more money and I would be moving closer to home. I lived in Forks, Washington but had to drive almost two hours every day to work. It was really starting to wear on me. This way I could be able to do more things with my family. I mainly worked five to six days a week and by the time my day off came around I was too exhausted from driving to do anything other than sit in my house and chill out. As I was placing my paperwork and an extra uniform that I kept in the locker just in case of anything, I looked up and saw a few of the other guards pilling into the office. I would assume this is my going away goodbye. There were a bunch of slaps on the backs with the occasional handshake. They all ragged on me saying that I was going soft because I was moving to a co-ed prison. I just smiled and laughed it off. I really didn't give a flying fuck what these guys thought. All I knew was that I was leaving here and I would never have to drive this distance again. After a few more minutes of ragging and goodbye's the guards left the office. I finished packing and gave the room one last look around. I sighed with relief that I was leaving this place. I turned and walked out the door without even looking back. I walked through the parking lot and got in my new Lexus I S F09 which was one of the perks changing jobs. They offered me a hell of a lot more money to transfer. I revved the engine and it made the sound of a purring lion. I loved that sound. I peeled out of the parking lot and started the drive home. I made the long drive home with a variety of thoughts. I thought how thankful I was to be leaving that shit hole and wondering what the new prison would be like. I never worked for a co-ed prison before. I wondered if I would be tempted by the female inmates. I shook my head with that thought because there was a reason why they were in there; they broke the law. I was not into the whole bad girl thing. Most of the woman I have dated were either your typical business woman who had to have control over everything or the typical bar whore who just really wanted to fuck. Mainly though none of my relationships, if that's what you want to call them, never lasted because of my job hours. I was never home enough for anyone. My family lived within five minutes of me and I rarely saw them. By the time all these thoughts came crashing to a stop I was pulling into my driveway. I lived in the middle of the woods where no one could bother me. Ever since becoming a prison guard I became quite the hermit. I pulled into the garage and shut off the engine. I grabbed the box of things that I took from the office and headed inside. I set the box of things down in the mud room off the garage and headed down the hall. Once I was approaching the kitchen I flipped the lights on. "Surprise!" Everyone yelled. My heart almost skipped a beat. My whole family was standing in my kitchen with my mom Esme holding a cake that said Congrats on the New Job. I knew I should have never given them a spare key. I smiled and said "Thank you." Esme was the first one to come over and give me a hug. She told me how proud she was of me and was thankful I would be working closer to home now. Once she stepped away my father Carlisle steeped up and shook my hand and smiled. I returned the gesture. Once Carlisle stepped aside I mad my way further into the kitchen where I then hugged my sister Alice and my brother Emmett. They were all excited that I was working closer to home. Before I took the job that was two hours away we use to get together all the time. This will be a great thing for all of us to reconnect. Esme cut the cake into several smaller pieces and Alice helped her bring them to the kitchen table. I had a very large table. It could seat eight without the leaf in the table; with the leaf it sat twelve. Once the cake was divided out Esme poured everyone some coffee to go along with out cake. I forked a piece of the yellow cake with white icing and placed it in my mouth. It was so light and fluffy and it had a hint of amaretto flavor. I closed my eyes and savored the flavor; it was my favorite. "Thanks mother, this is my favorite" I said aloud to let her know how much I appreciated it. She smiled and told me it was her pleasure. For the next ten minutes all you heard was forks hitting the plates and cups being placed back onto the table. After the last bite of cake was eaten I helped clear the table with Emmett. We all made small talk and then the family left. It was Saturday evening so Alice probably had a date with Jasper like she normally did and Emmett was probably going home to watch his sports. Esme and Carlisle usually hung out on their porch reading or talking. Me on the other hand I will probably check my e-mail then go to bed. That was exactly what I did. I checked my e-mail quickly, showered and then hit the sack. I closed my eyes and exhaled. Hopefully I would not be this exhausted ever again. With that thought I drifted off to sleep. I woke up the next morning chipper as ever. I changed into my running clothes and headed to the kitchen. I grabbed a bottle of water and my ipod and headed out the back door. I lived on about twenty acres of woods. There are many trails in my back yard that I enjoy running through. I headed down my normal trail and hit play on my ipod. I never felt so free running through the trees feeling the breeze in my golden locks. My hair was messier than normal today since I showered before I went to bed; so it dried all crazy. I inhaled the outdoor air as my pace grew quicker. In no time I was sprinting so fast it was almost like I was flying. After my hour of running I slowed my pace and headed home. Once I got home I took a shower and made myself some lunch. As I was eating my lunch I remembered I had a packet of information I needed to go over that the warden gave me when he hired me. I quickly finished eating and cleaned up. I then went to find the paperwork. I was in my study looking all over my desk. My study was not the most organized place in my house. There was paperwork, books, magazines, newspapers, you name it and I probably had it. Finally after pushing some papers around on the top of my desk I found the packet marked Washington State Penitentiary. I sat down on my leather chair and eased into it. The sound of the leather crackling on my legs made me comfortable. I unhooked the metal prongs on the packet and pulled out the paper work. It was all your basic information of rules and regulations of the prison. It gave the itinerary of the whole prison, contacts, the layout and more. I am sure I needed to know most of this by heart so I started to study it. I spent the next 6 hours just looking over the papers and re-reading them over and over again. Finally my concentration was broken with my stomach making noises that sounded like a monster. I was starving. I put down the paperwork and headed back into the kitchen. I heated up left over meatloaf that Esme made with some mashed potatoes. I poured myself a glass of Merlot to go with dinner. I sat at my large kitchen table all alone. This was how it was every night. Me, myself and I sitting here all alone. It actually was really depressing to the average person but what was I suppose to do? All this would hopefully change though with me staying local now. I shoved another bite of the meatloaf into my mouth with the telephone rang. I quickly chewed the delicious bite and scurried over to the phone. I looked at the caller id to see it was Alice . "Hey Alice " I greeted her. "Hey big brother" she sounded chipper as always. "I just wanted to call and say good luck on the new job tomorrow. I know you will do great." "Thanks. I appreciate it. I am just happy that I don't have to drive two fucking hours anymore." I said. She snorted on the phone and agreed. She then went on to telling me that this would help with my love life and that she was on the look out for her big brother. I sighed because this wasn't the first time and I sure it wouldn't be the last that Alice tries to find love for me. After that we said our goodbyes and hung up. I cleaned up my plate and finished my wine in front of the TV in the living room. I watched the local news to see if anything interesting was going on in Forks. I watched the whole news program and of course there was nothing interesting going on in Forks, there never was. I sighed and shut the TV off. I rinsed my glass out and padded upstairs to my bedroom. I stripped down to nothing but my boxers and curled up into bed. I closed my eyes and thought tomorrow is a new day. Tomorrow is a new start; a new life. My alarm went off at 5am . I hit the off button and jumped out of bed. I lazily made my way into my bathroom which was located directly off my room. I turned the water on hot and let it heat up while I pulled out my uniform. The uniform that was required to wear was one of black or grey slacks with the white shirt they supplied. It had W.S.P Guard printed on it. I pulled out a pair of black boots that would be nicer on my feet than other shoes I had. I headed into the shower and started to get excited about the day that I was about to have. I think everyone had the same feeling when they started a new job. You are going into unknown territory and you can create a person of who you want people to think you are if you like. I finished my shower and got dressed. I looked at myself in the mirror and messed my hair up the way I liked it and the way the ladies seemed to love it too. I smirked at myself before turning and heading downstairs. I made my way to the study and picked up my paperwork just in case I needed it and then walked into the kitchen. I pulled out my travel mug and poured