Disclaimer: I do not Own Middle Earth or any of its components! The Light of the Sea Second Age. 1697 – Eregion This story begins much like many during the second age of middle earth. It began in fire and horror. The elven realm of Eregion was falling and death had made its home amongst its immortal denizens. For a young boy, not even twenty summers old, it was the end of everything he had ever known. His people were dying and he didn't know why. Many short evil things had come to his family's home. Father and his armies destroyed them all but more came, more than he could count. The creatures were so foul they made him sick to even look upon them. Muddied skin, fangs and twisted features made them a terrifying sight to behold. These creatures could only be orcs, abominations created by Morgoth. In the night they had attacked. His father had left first to the walls. He did not return. The city fell quickly after that. They were fleeing now. His mother carried him close to her chest. When she had snatched him up and began carrying him he was surprised. His mother had always been so tired and weak that she struggled to move some days. Now she moved like the wind was at her back. He watched behind her shoulder as their home burned to the vile chants of those monsters, the black speech of a hundred thousand voices clawing at his young ears. Reaching up with his small hands he clasped them over his ears as tears spilled out from his eyes. His mother was fleet of foot and soon crossed league after league leaving the sight of their burning home far behind. A glance across her shoulder showed two others from their household that the boy was familiar with. They were family retainers, skilled in both sword and bow, running alongside his mother in escort. They wore gleaming silver mail and belts that shimmered in the moonlight. Twelve they had numbered, now they were the only ones left, the rest had been slain guarding the rear as they fled. Where would they go? He had never left home and did not know much of the world outside the city other than what he had learned in his studies. He was too young yet to go on adventures. Around them the forest began to thin as it gave way to bald rocks and more desolate lands. Towards the mountains? The distant howl of some animal brought his young heart into his mouth. He felt his mother increase her pace, her breath coming more harshly in his ear. The two warriors shared a glance before slowing their pace and were soon out of sight. The sound of growling and clashing steel filled the night air as they began fighting their pursuers. This wasn't like the tales at all. The bed time stories of Eärendil the Mariner were nothing like this. Even still a child his sight was great enough to see them die facing their enemies. They did not flinch but it was not a heroic death. It was quiet and unknown to all but his own far seeing eyes. The creatures redoubled their pursuit. They were clearer to the boy now. Giant ugly wolves with demented riders laughing as they chased down their prey. Their bounding forms were fast, faster than his mother. She dashed free of the forest and began charging up a rocky slope, her breath was coming fiercely now. The boy could feel his mother's strength slowly ebbing away. It was not a few minutes after they began climbing before the enemy emerged out of the darkened forest. One slip and they fell, the jagged rocks battering his back. The young boy stared into his mother's silver eyes as they widened in horror. Her body curled over him but he could see what was coming. The image of a fanged maw closing around his mother's shoulder would stay with him forever. The wolf monster ripped her away from him and flailed his screaming mother left and right. The boy could only stare in petrified horror as the creature viciously thrashed. The wolf finally lost grip of its prize as the arm violently came free with a spray of blood. His mother tumbled three times before coming to a stop not a foot from the boy. He stared with frozen panic. She looked at him, her fair body utterly ruined beyond help, tears pouring from her eyes. "R-Run! Run now!" The scream was filled with desperate energy and fear. It was a spike of driven fear into his heart, like a searching hand he felt it squeeze his heart. He took to his feet and fled up the hill as fast as he was able. He was small still and couldn't run very fast. Around him he heard the laughter and jeering of the evil things that had mortally wounded his mother. He hated them. Never before had he felt such a feeling. It was like a burning seething thing rearing from the depths of his soul. He did not make it far before a strong blow sent him tumbling to the ground. Spinning onto his back he watched as they slowly closed in around him. The riders snarling faces filled with unnatural hate, their jagged teeth dripping with blood and slime. How could these thing be allowed to exist? Fear boiled up from his heart as he kicked away from the inevitable. This was it? To be born only to die? "Baruk Khazâd! Khazâd ai-mênu!" The battle cry was fierce and full of seething wrath. It came from a dozen voices from behind the boy. Before him the fell riders twitched and turned to give flight, their gleeful looks turning to fear. With wide eyes the boy watched as huge goats with heavily armoured riders bounded down the rocky scree slope. Their gleaming weapons different to that of his peoples'. Instead of curved elegant swords they wielded tall spears and thick axes. Their hard edged plate armour was a mix of copper colours and gleaming silver. The helmets they wore were terrifying, showing only their fierce eyes to their enemies. In a clash of flesh meeting steel points the evil creatures were driven off with no casualties. Hundreds of more riders appeared passing the boy by as they galloped down the hill. Before the boy even had a chance to stand a heavy hand gripped him by the scruff of his neck. Grabbing hold of the nearest thing in his panic he found himself gripping the horns of one of the goat mounts. "Calm yourself lad! It's alright now!" The voice was gruff and weathered, not at all like the feathery tones of his own people. Glancing up over his shoulder he saw a man? No, dwarf! His mother had told him of the small people. Great miners and craftsmen of the mountains. They were friends of his people. This dwarf was helmetless and his face was coated with an enormous red beard, it was unlike anything the boy had seen before. Deep golden eyes regarded him, "What is you name boy?" "C- Calaeron…my m-mother…!" The boy could only stutter his response as he struggle to regain himself. As soon as the shock wore off he began to cry. His mother was dead, killed before his eyes, she was the one that had raised him. His father had always been busy in his workshops but his mother was the one everything had resolved around. He was saved only moments after his mother was slain. It wasn't fair! "The she-elf is dead Lord Tulvar…" The voice came from near the bottom of the hill where a dwarf was kneeling by his mother. The boy could barely stand to look, his gorge rose and he vomited over past the flank of the mount. A few heavy pats nearly knocked him from the goat as the dwarf tried to comfort him. "My l-lord…It is Lady Nemiril!" "…I see…gather her body, we will take her back. She deserves a proper burial." One armoured hand seized the reins of the mount while the other was clasped around the boy's middle. The dwarf stared off to the horizon, "Drali the battle is lost. We make for Khazad-dûm!" The dwarf named Drali remounted and pulled a large horn from his satchel. The deep thrumming sound echoed across the hills and mountains twice. "You come from an important line boy. Weep not for you mother for she has saved you where many have died!" The brisk tone of the dwarf was cutting but truthful in its own way. Many of his people had perished this night. He should be grateful to be alive but all the boy felt within was a pit of boiling hateful despair. "Your father was friends with Durin III, my king. He could be persuaded to grant you safety within our great halls! Your people fight a great battle, they will have no time to protect a mere child now." The boy could only nod dumbly. Soon the craggy cliffs gave way to smooth edges and great walls made with fine precision stonework. The walls were swarming with activity. Dwarven warriors tending weapons, armour and shifting supplies. Large stables for keep their mounts were also thrumming with action with mounted soldiers leaving and returning from patrol. It was so different from what the boy was used to that even in his grief he noticed. Entering the stable Lord Tulvar quickly dismounted pulling the boy with him. His feet met the ground roughly. "You can walk no?" Short nod followed by a slight sniffle ensued, "Good, now follow me." It was a short walk before the pair were now facing a seemingly blank stretch of smoothed rock face. "Mellon!" Before the boy's eyes the featureless cliff split in two and large stone doors smoothly opened without any obvious mechanism. The boy squinted at the movement. He could feel something here, his father had a hand in its making. His touch was deep within. The feeling made a few more tears pour from his already red eyes. "Welcome boy to the dwarven kingdom of Khazad-dûm…" The halls of the dwarves were immense. They stretched off for miles at a time. Illuminated with great smokeless lamps hung from the cavernous ceilings causing the veins of precious metals and gems to glitter like the night sky. The boy expected to feel closed in, claustrophobic, yet these halls felt warm, welcoming and safe. There were so many dwarves here, everywhere in this place. Some were mining, others were working on the stone craft of the walkways, trading with their fellows or simply playing games. Down below the carved walkways the boy could see the flash of hot steel and the wrath of molten gold. The stone here felt different from Ost-in-Edhil where he had lived all his life. The stones there are been filled with the same feelings he had gotten from the west gate into Khazad-dûm. Inside was a different matter, this place had been inhabited for a long time, longer than any place he knew of from his studies. The stones could tell stories, the feelings in them were manifold and ancient beyond words. In a way the mountain kept the dwarves it was not the dwarves keeping the mountain. Still he was used to the outdoors and the stars of the night sky. It would take time to feel at home here. It had been a day since they had entered the mountain city and he could not stop thinking about his family. They were dead. He knew it in his heart for certain. His mother before his eyes and his father far from his sight. He had heard whisperings from the dwarves in the common tongue. A great evil had risen in the east and had swept away the Men of middle earth