Hi everyone! Long time no see, eh? Okay, so a lot of things have been going on in my life, a lot of which are...not very good. But I'm trying to stay positive and not let any of it get to me (easier said than done tho, amirite?) But the last time you heard from me, I was in High School. Well I am now a graduate as of 3 years ago, and I'm now a college junior majoring in Animation. So yeah a lot has changed since I last posted. Which brings me to my next point: my other stories. I have listed them as on an indefinite hiatus. I'm still deciding what to do with them in all honesty. My Ghostbusters sequel I think I want to continue, I just need to get my thoughts and ideas revised since I kinda forgot where I was going with it (my memory has gotten pretty bad). I know that at some point I would like to re-write Yes, of course they're serious . I look back on it now and it is just a giant clusterfuck of Mary-Sue-ness and I want to do poor Makenna justice. That and it's like I just typed the entire script verbatim with just little scenes of my own thrown in haphazardly here and there. That's a giant lawsuit if I ever saw one. Alright, so I kinda wanted to try my hand at a largely OC fanfic, and what better universe to do that in than good ol' Harry Potter :D I am SO excited for the Fantastic Beasts movie and for when Cursed Child comes out in the US (if it hasn't already XD). Also, hopefully I might be going to WWOHP next summer. Anyway, I thought it might be fun to write about a different perspective of the years the Golden Trio were at Hogwarts. Maybe from another Muggleborn? It would be interesting trying to balance the life she knew as a Muggle and this new, exciting and yet dangerous world of magic. So this fic was born XD Hope you guys enjoy! Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author of this story. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any previously copyrighted material. No copyright infringement is intended. Chapter One: Definitely Not Normal She was weird, they said. She was bad luck, they said. She was cursed, they said. Ask anyone at Green Meadows Primary School and they would tell you that Allison Riverwood was not normal. It wasn't because of her appearance, thank goodness. She was a few inches shy of five feet tall and had a little more weight than some of the girls her age. She had a round face covered in freckles, impossibly curly brown hair, and big, curious blue-grey eyes that were hidden behind rectangular glasses, which always seemed to be sliding down her nose. She was already insecure about how she looked, and didn't think she could bear it if they started comparing her to a beached whale or some other nonsense like that. Why, then, would they say these rude remarks about a fellow classmate? Because she made things happen. Strange things. Once, the classroom's pull-down maps pulled themselves down, as though an invisible someone was unraveling them for use. Another time, the drinking fountain seemed to be actively targeting students to squirt them in the eyeballs. Another time, a boy's pencil literally wet-noodled in his hand, rendering him unable to use it. And the overhead lights in the cafeteria seemed to change into a vast gradient of colors. And what did all of these occurrences have in common? The fact that Allison Riverwood was always present whenever they happened. No exceptions. Everything happened only when she was in the room. Of course, they were not the only ones aware of this unexplainable phenomenon. Ally Riverwood herself had knowledge of these happenings and, quite honestly, she was getting tired of it. She sighed to herself for the fifth time that day, fogging up the glass of her window with her breath. Outside it was a near torrential downpour. Thunder cracked through the sky and lightning lit up the clouds like giant, white-colored fireflies that came out in the summer evenings. The rain thudded hard against the roof above her, distracting her every few minutes with its pounding beat. She sighed again, this time in frustration. She was trying to think, and the loud noise of the storm and the gloominess it represented was not helping at all. She leaned back to rest against the wall, attempting to stretch her legs out as much as her window seat would allow; almost all the way it seemed. One of the perks of being short, she guessed. The school year had finished and the summer holidays were in full swing, but Allison found she couldn't really enjoy it as much as she would like to. The last year had ended so badly that she couldn't stop thinking about it. Somehow, in the midst of being picked on by a group of boys in her class, she had managed to make all the windows in the hallway explode, which sent shards of glass flying everywhere and landing some people with a trip to the nurse's office. This earned her, on the other hand, a trip to the headmaster's office. The man was red-faced and viciously interrogating her on how she managed to break fifteen windows simultaneously. Allison didn't know what to say; she couldn't tell him that she can't explain how she couldn't explain how she managed to do it. And even if she did, she highly doubted he would believe her. Her lack of answers only made the man angrier, and he threatened to fail her or expel her and make her mother pay for new windows. Luckily Ms. Soto, her homeroom teacher, came to defend her and rescue her from the wrath of the headmaster before she could burst into tears. The brunette-haired woman somehow convinced the Headmaster not to force the window bill upon Mrs. Riverwood, and to let her off with only a stern warning. The almost 30-year-old brought her back to the classroom after the rest of the student body had gone. She had then offered Allison a ride home, which she accepted, for fear of some remaining students jumping her where the teacher wouldn't be around to intervene. She sensed that was the intention front the start, anyway. And even on the way home, Ms. Soto stopped to buy Allison an ice cream cone, which cheered the girl right up. Allison owed a lot to Ms. Soto for sticking up for her each and every time something unusual had gone awry. She often felt she needed to pay her back in some way, but every time she tried, the teacher kindly and politely refused, saying that she did it because she wanted to, and that she knew Allison had no real control over any of the mishaps. The only problem was next year, when she would no longer be going to Green Meadows. She would instead be going to South Fork Secondary, clear on the other side of town. Which meant that Ms. Soto would no longer be around to protect her the next time an incident occurred. And she was 100% sure that she would resume her position as the school freak on the first day. Again. Her downward spiral of depressing thoughts were interrupted by the sound of her mother's voice. "Ally! Dinner's ready!" she called. Ally breathed in deeply and stretched, trying to clear her mind and expression of her dilemma. She didn't want to worry her mother with it. Not when her mother already had a lot to worry about. When she arrived downstairs, the smell of pasta and garlic bread entered her nose and made her feel a little better, and they were some of her favorite things to eat. She entered the kitchen to find the plates, silverware, and cups stacked on the far edge of the table, and her mother at the stove. Their pet dog, a light colored golden retriever named Calypso, sat next to her on the floor, her flowing tail swishing around on the floor like a feather duster came to life, hoping that something will be dropped that she can eat. "Ally, honey, can you set the table for me?" The older woman jerked slightly and slowly pivoted to the left, gripping tightly to the red walker at her side to start inching her way towards the refridgerator. "Sure, Mom." Ally did as she was asked without question. She picked up the plates and silverware and placed them in their usual dining spots adjacent from each other. She then placed the cups catty cornered from the plates, and then moved around the table opposite her mother to the stove. It wasn't long after that when they sat down to eat. Calypso took up her usual place lying under the table, not begging for scraps as she was trained. Ally stood behind her mother's chair as the woman struggled to get comfortable enough for her to push it in. She had to really work to make her knees bend in order for her to sit down. Diana Riverwood-or Diana Murray as she went by now, which was her maiden name-had a more difficult time getting around and doing things than most people her age. She had been diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis a few years back, when Ally was just six, and it made living life normally very hard on both her and on her daughter. This meant Ally had to do a good number of extra chores around the house since her mother couldn't anymore. Ally didn't mind, of course. If she could do anything to make life easier for her poor mother, then the extra work was worth it. And her mother made sure to show her appreciation with a gift of a new book or sketchpad or even taking her to the movies on a weekend. It wasn't without hardships, or course, but the new arrangement had been beneficial to the both of them. Dinner at the Riverwood household was delicious as always, but Ally couldn't keep her mind from wandering back to her little problem. She needed to find a way to suppress it somehow. She would like to be able to meet some new friends at her new school, and it was always her "condition" that made it nearly impossible. The only thing was, she had no idea how she would do it. They happened sporadically, virtually unpredictable in every sense of the word. But, she noticed that they happened every time her emotions spiked and got the better of her. But she didn't think she could become emotionless, at least not on the spot. It would look too suspicious, and it would only worry her mother- "Darling, is something the matter? You've hardly touched your food." Her mother paused and looked at her daughter, concern written in her tired hazel eyes. Ally felt a little startled. She had realized that she had been staring off into space, her fork stopped in mid twirl of her spaghetti. Guilt washed through her, and she quickly resumed eating as if nothing was the matter. "No, nothing's wrong, Mom. I'm fine." She lied, the guilt sinking in even further at the act of lying to her mother. "Just a little spacey today." This part wasn't exactly a lie, but she couldn't let her mother know that. Rule number one of the strange phenomena: Don't worry Mom. She had enough on her plate with her MS and for being the primary breadwinner of the household. Mrs. Riverwood worked in an office at a part stamping company for cars. It was really the only thing she could do