Hello everyone! It's been a long time since I've written a fanfiction for this site, or any fanfiction really . I lost my old account information, so it seems I'm starting all over, but with a whole new fandom. I couldn't hold back my Everlark plotbunnies anymore, and it was time to write while I had a little free time on my hands! I hope y'all enjoy "For Us", it was all inspired by a plot request I saw on Tumblr. The person had requested a scene of Everlark in the cave during the 74th Hunger Games, where they have their first sexual experience with each other. And hopefully I did it justice! All rights are reserved to the wonderful Susan Collins, and the fantastic world that she created. I just like to write about it. They're on camera, she knows it; they both do. She knows the whole world is probably watching as the camera zooms in on their lips which were currently locked in a slow and somewhat innocent kiss. The star crossed lovers from distract twelve were putting on a show, but only she and Haymitch knew it. She wasn't quite sure what made her kiss him this morning, but when she woke curled up in his arms after sharing an intimate kiss the night before, it seemed the right thing to do. Even she might be falling for this act she's putting on; she hopes that all of this is helping Haymitch get the donations they need. Their survival might just depend on it. She tries not to think of Gale, who was back home and probably watching this exchange while surrounded by both of their families. As Gale crossed her mind, she slowly started to pull back from the kiss and Peeta's hand went to cup her cheek, not quite ready for the kiss to end. But when he opened his eyes, he was taken aback by her lack of injury. "Whoa, Katniss. Your head." The large cut that was there last night was now mostly healed, the only thing left was a little dried blood. Katniss raised her hand to the cut, surprised to not even feel a welt where the knife had sliced her skin. The cut was worth it, and although she nearly died in the process, she was able to get the medicine she needed for Peeta. He was on the brink of death; she'd seen her mother deal with people who were so close to death before, and she knew what they looked like. Peeta had needed help, and she was willing to risk her life for him. She had to drug him to do it, but at least he would be alive to be mad at her for it. The thought of losing Peeta caused her stomach to turn in an odd way. She needed him to get through this hell. They needed each other. And now they had the chance to both go home as victors. "Your leg?" She asked, pulling back the sleeping bag they were both crammed into. It was the only option she had had to keep them warm throughout the night. The game makers were trying to freeze out the tributes during the night, she assumed, because the temperature seemed to plummet drastically throughout the night. Peeta's leg revealed that it too was almost healed. His wound being much worse than hers was, it would take a little longer to heal completely. "I doesn't even hurt." His blue eyes lit up, running his hand over scarred skin. "It's not fully healed yet though. You need to stay here and save your energy." She said, standing up and grabbing her bow. "Where are you going?" "We need food, and fresh water. I'll be back." He went to argue with her, not wanting her out there alone. Especially when there were still three tributes out there waiting to kill her. He couldn't protect her from the inside of their cave. But before he could say anything she leaned down and calmed him with another kiss. She ignored how natural that act seemed to be between them as she stood back up. "I'll be safe. I promise." And with that, she left. She stayed within ear shot in case someone found him in the cave, he wasn't in the best position to defend himself. But within that small perimeter, there wasn't much she could do for food besides the assortment and red and black berries she had collected. Any game she shot they would have to cook, and that wasn't an option right now. Especially now that everyone has what they needed, they're all probably stronger and ready to get back to the hunt. The last thing she needs to do is send them a smoke signal of their location. She wandered a little further away from the river and the cave and came across a small pond and immediately recognized the tall grass along the far edge. Katniss roots. Checking her surroundings, she sat down her bow and pulled off her shoes. After ten minutes of digging with her feet, she was able to pull up half a dozen Katniss roots. They're better cooked, but they could eat them raw. She refilled their waters and packed up the berries and roots into her backpack and swiftly made her way back to the cave. She scanned the surroundings as she got closer, making sure no one was around to see her enter. Peeta let out an audible sigh of relief when she ducked into the cave. Maybe she had been gone a little longer than she thought? "I was about to come looking for you." He admitted, he had been in the process of tying his boots when she walked in. She stopped herself from rolling her eyes, remembering the cameras. 'Remember, you love him.' She told herself, and put on a small smile. "Sorry I took a little longer than I thought. I had to go a little far to actually get some food." She sat down her bow and backpack and took out the roots and berries she had collected, along with their water. "It's not much, but I couldn't risk cooking any squirrels or rabbits." She took her seat back down next to him and rationed out the food, giving him a little more because he needed the energy to heal. Besides, she was from the Seam. Hunger didn't affect her like she knew it affected him, he had always had a full stomach growing up. Something that most people in District 12 weren't so fortunate to have. They sat in relative silence as they ate, only the sound of rain that had begun to fall outside of their cave surrounded them. The rain meant it was only going to be colder tonight, and that meant another night of sharing her sleeping bag. Which honestly wasn't the worse thing. Peeta was warm, and comforting. He made her feel safe, even if he was in no shape to protect her had there been a need for him to. It was better than sleeping in a tree, that was for sure. "What type of root is this?" Peeta asked, holding up the Katniss root. The sound of his voice brought Katniss out of her thoughts. She smiled, remembering her days by the pond back at home with her dad before he passed, they would spend hours in the spring digging up Katniss roots with their toes, relaxing in the cool water. "Katniss roots." She answered, and Peeta couldn't help but smile back. It was the first time he'd seen her kind of really smile since before Effie had pulled out Prim's name from the bowl. "You're named after a plant?" He teased, taking a large bite out of the root. "You're named after bread." She retorted. "Your family owns a bakery and they named you after bread. Creative." She played it off as a tease, but her father had been the one to name her, and she didn't take kindly to it being insulted. 'Cameras, Katniss. Remember, you love him.' She could almost hear Haymitch's slurred voice in her head. "It's beautiful. I've always loved your name." He leaned back against the wall of the cave, ignoring her jab about his name. He'd heard all of it before throughout grade school. At this Katniss leaned back against the wall next to him, both having already finished their food. "Peeta's kind of cool too. It's unusual." She wasn't as good at complimenting, but her attempt made him smile. He grabbed their sleeping bag and laid it out, then untied his boots and took them off before climbing into the makeshift bed. The temperature was already starting to drop and the rain was coming down harder now. "Come here, please?" He held open the top of the bag with one hand and grabbed her hand with his other. With hesitant fingers, she took off her shoes before joining him in the sleeping bag. There wasn't enough room for them to sleep shoulder to shoulder, so he wrapped his arm around her and she settled against his chest as she had the night before. Only this time, neither of them were bleeding or dying. It was a welcomed change. "I'm glad you're okay." She said, his steady heart beat under her ear calming her of any worries about his health. "Thank you for saving me. You scared the hell out of me though, Kat." His hand was playing with the end of her braid as they spoke. "You could have died out there. It wasn't worth you risking your life." "Yes it was. You're alive. And I'm fine. Thresh saved my life." She lifted her head a bit so she could see him. His body heat was already starting to warm her up and she could feel her toes again. "Remind me to thank him when I see him." He smiled, although they both knew that wouldn't happen. If they saw Thresh again, he would probably try to kill them. There wouldn't be any pleasantries. His fingers moved to raise her chin a little higher and he slowly brought his lips down to claim hers. This kiss was different than any of the others, her lips felt warmer against his, more welcoming. When her hand came up to rest against his neck, he took that as permission to further deepen the kiss. He ran his tongue along her bottom lip, asking for permission which she hesitantly granted. What was she doing? They'd shared enough kisses today for them to look in love, hadn't they? But the feeling settling in her core made her understand this kiss wasn't for the cameras or the petty entertainment of the Capitol. This was for them, and she wished more than anything she could shut out the rest of the world from this moment. When she wrapped her arm around his neck, he pulled her to lay above him, her thighs resting on either side of his. "Katniss." He whispered against her lips, he needed her to look at him. He wanted to know that was because she wanted to, because she wanted him. "For us?" He whispered lowly against her ear, knowing she would understand the meaning. Katniss pulled back, and sat up as much as the sleeping bag would allow, which wasn't very much at all. His eyes searched hers in the darkness and she could see the desperation. He wanted this to be real for them, not some ploy to keep the games interesting. How much he knew about this 'act' she wasn't sure, but based by his question she knew he might assume something. But, now wasn't the time to fall in love or date anyone. Now was the time for survival, both in the games and at home. Her life had been about survival since her father passed, and it would continue to be that way unless they won.