Title : The Bird in the Cage Summary : A backfired attempt to save the future. A helpless infant. The decisions Tom Riddle would make in the coming years had the potential to change the world, but to what end? He had plans, you see, grand plans. Once they included a mysterious bushy-haired girl, but now they involved a mewling babe who would one day be great . More importantly, she would be loyal. That was the dream, anyway. Reality proved to be another monster altogether. A Tom Riddle Raises Hermione story. Author's Note: This is an idea I've been playing around with for a while. There a a good number of Hermione/some other female character raise Tom, for good or ill. I have not yet seen a story (if anyone knows one please tell me) where Tom raises Hermione. This is a sort of sequel/companion to a little story I posted a few years back where Hermione goes back in time and grows up alongside Tom, but it can be read without it certainly. Hermione's parts begin when she is about 5 and are all in present tense as she is trying to understand her situation. Tom's sections are all in past tense, and more straight forward. Some things (dates, ages) are switched from Cannon. *This is just for fun not profit. None of these characters or settings are mine. All belongs to and is based off of the ideas of JK Rowling, publishers, Warner Bros, etc. etc. We begin at an end… For years the hope of finding a way back had powered Hermione's efforts. She traveled back to this time, returned to the age of 11. Now Hogwarts graduation was the next day. Where had all of the time gone? It was a blur. She stared over her boiling cauldron at Tom, so innocently chopping some ingredient or another. It did not matter, none of it would help her now. Hermione had realized the truth. Well, she had realized it long ago, but denial is an addictive drug. Denying the inevitable even more so. There was no way back to the future. Oh, it was easy enough to turn back time, but moving forward? That was something else altogether. For a moment, Hermione wondered why she even wanted to go back in the first place. The memories of the future had left her mind. The past had taken them from her. She leveled another gaze at Riddle, still chopping away. Hermione had inadvertently interfered with the future, whether for good or ill she knew not. And this boy had something to do with it. Oh in the early years he had known everything and had laid the groundwork…for something. She had met with people…person…and old man… His name was not even on the tip of her tongue. It was gone from her. She could not even remember how she came to be here, or who she was before. Even her scars had slowly faded, and her gait had improved, or so Tom had told her. She often feared she would fade as well, that one day her reflection would not be in the mirror, her legs would not carry her, that she would simply disappear from this world that had never been hers. The sense that she had to travel to her own time, whenever that was, was what had driven her for years, even when the future faded from her mind. "Stop." Hermione told Tom. He raised his head to meet her gaze, his hands pausing with the knife in mid air. "Let's stop this tonight." Hermione picked up a beaker from her worktable and threw it to the ground. The sound was deafening, and glass pieces lay everywhere. Hermione picked up a handful, cutting herself purposely. It had been so long since she has felt much of anything. Angrily, she threw the blood-covered glass into the cauldron, and watched with pleasure as it bubbled in protest. No, the past wanted more from her than her blood. It wanted those memories hidden in the depths of her mind…hidden even from her. She could feel a door now, buried in her subconscious. And the key that fit into the lock…the key…it is almost in her hand. Hermione was not in the Room of Requirement any longer. She stood in front of a door, a very familiar door. It was the door to her bedroom, in her parents' house. Hesitantly, she slipped the key into the lock… Memories flowed like a stream at first, but quickly formed into rushing rapids. They welcomed her, embraced her in their familiarity once more. She swam through them, laughing and carefree as she has not been in so long. But gradually, one by one they slipped past her until she wondered where she is. And who she is. Everything is blurry. Her limbs feel too heavy, and her muscles too weak. A man, stands above her. He lifts her up, too easily. Too easily? But what does she know? Slowly, those thoughts become less coherent. Tom peered at the baby with something akin to distaste. It whimpered beneath his gold gaze. So this was Hermione at her most vulnerable. This was the creature he had been trying to lure out all of these years? It all seemed rather anti-climatic. He had read Hermione's mind when she was quite sick, and at her weakest point. In doing so, he had discovered many of her secrets: the truth of her origins and the future that would never come to pass. He had learned about his alter ego, so-to-speak. In another timeline, Tom had conquered the world, but what sort of world was it? He was king of a wasteland. Hermione's intervention into his life had ensured that this would not happen. Her memories showed him that if he truly wanted to rule the world, and not simply destroy it, he would need a bit more finesse. Thankfully, Hermione's mind had left him with the clues to do so. Still, after years of studying, learning, wondering, and spying, Tom was left with many unanswerable questions…and a baby. What was he to do with a baby? He supposed that he could simply kill it. No one would know. For a moment, wand poised above the infant, Tom considered this. He considered the girl that had occupied his thoughts for seven years. How boring his life had been before her mysterious appearance. What would he do now? He thought of his plans, gone to dust now, and wondered if Hermione would have ever consented. Tom looked back down at the baby, buried beneath Hermione's robes. Yet another question he would never know the answer to. Tom sighed. It was not precisely frustration he felt but…regret? On some level, Tom acknowledged that she had been an ally of his, a friend of sorts. He lowered his wand. Hermione had taught him just enough morals to honor the obligations that came with companionship. Tom decided he would have to alter his tactics. The child would not be entirely useless anyway. He pushed aside the heaviness in his chest. Tom Riddle had plans you see, grand plans. Once they included a mysterious bushy haired girl he had known for many years. Now they included a baby, who would one day be brilliant. She would not remember that in another life he had been her greatest foe, and so her loyalty to him could never be questioned. He would raise her with this in mind. She has never lived in the same place for very long. They move from flat to flat, city to city, country to country. Every place she lays her head is grungy and dirty. The furniture is ancient, and the floorboards creak. Sometimes they stay in tents and she must huddle as the wind blows icily against the flaps, her back against the cold hard ground. She does not complain. She knows that if she does, he will look at her with his –murder, resentment, regret, curiosity- eyes and hiss ( Be quiet! ) as a snake does. And she will cry and bang her fists on the ground as he watches. Some part of her will scream out: Hold me, pick me up, love me. But he will just stare at her with those steely eyes. And in her mind is that mantra. It echoes in her ears, but she cannot place it…. Neither can live while the other survives . Tom Riddle was a brilliant wizard in his own right. As a fully-fledged Legilimens, who could summon a Patronus at the age of 15, there was little he had ever been unable to accomplish. Yet, finding legitimate paid employment as a fresh graduate, unconnected and unspoken for without a family name, proved to be harder than he would have thought. Tom Riddle had no connections in the ministry. He had not made any allies (or was it friends?) outside of Hermione. Though he graduated from Hogwarts at the top of his class, he had been the unpleasant, off putting, unapproachably handsome student who hung around with the only slightly less frightening girl in Ravenclaw. He was not well liked or well remembered. This bothered him very little, but he realized that he not networked and was now especially at a disadvantage with a mewling baby at his side. There was also the matter of a missing Hermione Granger. She had disappeared from this world just as suddenly as she had come in to it. Apparently, however, there was more concern for vanishing adults than nameless orphan girls. This was one issue that surely did not help his chances at the ministry in terms of a background check. It had been difficult to smuggle the child out of Hogwarts, and even more difficult to find a room to rent whose landlord would not be suspicious of a teenage boy and infant. Thankfully, the innkeeper's wife was childless, but absolutely adored babies. The woman had convinced her husband to let them a room and she was only too happy to watch the creature while Tom went job hunting. Borgan and Burkes had an opening but employment at that type of establishment did not fit into his plans. His record had to be clean. Eventually, the missing Granger girl would be forgotten and Tom would be free from suspicion. He had to work towards his goal in the meantime. During the night, the creature would whimper and cry until he reluctantly and stiffly held her in his arms and fed her the concoction the innkeeper's wife had suggested. Without a mother to feed her, even the formula was a drain on his meager savings. So, when he saw the opening at the bookstore in Diagon alley, just outside of the inn, he was hardly in a position to turn it down. Employment for Tom was more than simply survival. There were certain ideas in Hermione's memories that he only got an inkling of, that she had tried her best to keep from him even unconsciously. They were mere echoes of their true selves, only the slightest hint of a trail. He needed a few years to make enough money to investigate further. Sometimes she has nightmares. She is four years old, she thinks. Birthdays have never been celebrated with him . She wanders the small apartment to find him reading by wandlight. He is hunched over a book, her book, a fairytale book. His eyes are wide with exhaustion, his face sallow and hungry looking. The shabby desk groans beneath his weight as he hunches over the pages. "Tom." She says/whispers/breaths ( never father or brother or anything, never dad or papa ). He blinks and looks up at her ( I am not your father, he insists, gripping her arm tightly ). His gaze is foggy. She remembers her nightmare ( red eyes on a cold, snake face ). He blinks and shakes his head. "What? What