Pandora Chapter I: Phantom City Disclaimer: All the fiction found here is reasonably in character and does not contradict information given in Twilight, New Moon, Eclipse, Breaking Dawn, or on the Twilight Lexicon personal chats. Everything and anything related to the Twilight saga belongs to Stephenie Meyer. This is a work of fiction based on her writings. No harm is meant by it. Rewritten and uploaded on 09/09/17 Volterra, Italy. Population: 11,042. She always wanted to take some break off school and travel but it wasn't after her rather dramatic break-up with Mark that set her off to the right rail. She couldn't bear to be in Forks – the gloomy, unfamiliar town. She wanted something different for once or she would've gone crazy. Jessica didn't know what made her choose this beautiful town out of all places she could have chosen; she'd been dreaming about being in Paris, wondering around with all the latest fashions and enjoying the bright night view– not here. Maybe it was because Italy was similar to Paris: both are known as 'City of Love' and both were beautiful in their own ways too. Now, she was enjoying the quiet night sky as the stars above her head had come out to play and twinkle like small diamonds studded in the dark blanket. Ever since she was young, she found night to be quite calming, beautiful – not scary or fearful like many other children seemed to believe; she wasn't afraid of the dark because she knew there was nothing in the dark that could harm her. Jessica closed her eyes in bliss as the calm wind blew through her hair; unlike Forks the night was so peaceful. Quiet. Something that was rare in Forks and other places she visited. The beautiful town held that comfortable country side atmosphere unlike the noisy Forks bustling with lousy teenagers wasting themselves away with alcohol and drugs. Not that she had the right to say anything about their chosen lifestyle. The whole town was asleep, apart from darkly lit street lights, only silent seemed to inhibit here. So silent that she could hear rustling of trees from the outer walls of the town faintly in her ears. There was a slightly rustling from her left side she normally wouldn't be able hear if it wasn't for the silence. Jessica slowly turned her head, while she wasn't those reckless types and had good survival skills to know a girl shouldn't be sitting on a fountain at this kind of time alone and open, she couldn't say no to this tranquil experience. She was sure there was someone there hidden in the darkness and the figure stepped into the silvery moon light. From the tall, lean yet lithe stature, she knew it was a male. He wore all black and hood over his face; too dark to make out any certain looks. For a moment, her and his eyes seemed to meet before he sharply cut and headed toward the tall, clock tower. Good, as long as he kept his distance she wouldn't have to try her feeble kung-fu version from the movie, 'Rush Hour'. He glanced over his shoulder, as if checking if whether she was giving more interest and attention than normal. Satisfied she shrugged off and went back to watching the evening sky, he opened the doors before stepping inside and closing it behind him. The next day, she started off her morning with touring around the beautiful town. Pinacoteca (Art Gallery) was the first place she stepped in, admiring the beautiful religious paintings left behind as legacy by famous painters that graced through our history. The gallery was spacious, huge and maze-like that she could only explore less than half of the whole collections of arts within the time she gave herself. The brief disappointment vanished when Jessica found a family café 'L'Incontro' that was designed in a way that gave off homely atmosphere giving the ease Jessica sought ever since she came here. She brought one of articulately made pastry and cappuccino printed with heart shape made from milk drops, almost too hesitant to drink such art form. Jessica of course snapped the picture and uploaded on her Instagram for her friends to see and instantly her phone lighted with notifications. Jessica was greeted by the owner of the place who also acted as manager/employee, Leo – a middle aged man who is married and had a daughter of her age who often helped out his place. Jessica soon found herself laughing at the man's jokes, he was almost like her father – obviously loves his family very much, humorous, very protective of their only daughter and loved to humiliate their daughter very openly. She soon said goodbye, finishing her meal but with a promise she'll come back to have their famous home-made Spaghetti Bolognese. Soon enough, Jessica found herself at a strange place when she wondered out the town's wall. Maybe she was being too adventurous on her first day. Now she didn't know how to get out the lovely garden of sorts she found by accident. She doubts the long-time inhabitants even knew this place; she was completely lost. But those worrying thoughts were repressed as Jessica began to take in the surroundings. It was tranquil and isolated; a perfect place. A haven away from the world. She took a seat on Gothic designed metal bench, opened her bag and took out her novel she needed to read: 'Tess of the d'Urbervilles' a rather depressing book she heard, not to mention she saw the drama too. Let's say, she prefered happy endings. Jessica was too engrossed to notice the time flowing as sun start to set, there were groups of murmurs heading toward her directions but it wasn't until the melodic voice tore her away from the world of literature. "Now, stay together, everyone." The high pitched voice struck through Jessica, definitely making a deep impression on her even before she saw its owner which she was sure was as beautiful as the voice was. And she was. So so much more. The woman wore dark crimson dress that flattered and hugged her die-for hourglass figure, long, lustrous mahogany hair and long legs any models would sell their souls to the devils for. The gorgeous woman was beautiful enough to be compared to Rosalie Hale – another girl Jessica knew that was more stunning than any celebrities she saw in the magazines. Jessica almost flinched nervously when the woman turned to look at Jessica sitting at the side with idiotic gaping looks; mouth wide open and eyes bulged like a fish. The woman looked surprised but quickly replaced it with a smile as she graced – not walk – the floor effortlessly toward her. "Hello." Her voice rang in Jessica's ears like clarion church bells. "..Hi.." Jessica's voice was weak and squeaky against the mysterious woman. "I am Heidi." She had an exotic name too to suit her exotic beauty, "Yours'?" "Jessica. Jessica Stanley." Jessica wasted no time to shake her head nervously; her name sounded so ordinary and common against Heidi's. Heidi beamed at her, "Pleasure. You are not from here are you not?" Jessica nodded, for some whatever reason, she was compelled to tell the truths. Hell, if she asked for Jessica's credit card PIN, she'd gladly give her if it made her happy. "You don't happen to know the Cullens' right?" Jessica suddenly blurted out. If there was one thing that constantly reminded her of the Cullens' was their unnatural beauty that outshined all the famous people out there. Many often, Jessica wondered how the hell they weren't famous; just by their looks alone they could make it to the cover page of Vogue with a flick of a finger but instead they settled in a small, boring, rural town for an ordinary life instead. She soon chided herself for asking an absurd questions, like, Cullens' have a family in Italy – well to be fair, they never revealed much about themselves to others except Bella and mostly kept to themselves but she came all the way here and certainly did not take 11 hour flight just so her self-esteem could take a punch in the gut. Heidi's kind face melted away and replaced by something Jessica identified as recognition and surprise. So she knew the Cullens'? And from the fleeting emotion she observed, Heidi seemed to have a somewhat strained relationship with them and surprised Jessica knew them. "You know the Cullens'?" Jessica nodded. Heidi once again smiled pleasantly, "What a surprise? If they told us their acquaintance was coming over here, I'd have made time to show you the Volterra's most beautiful sides." "I don't really know them," Jessica told, shrugging her shoulder, "I mean they are not the most sociable people I know. Dr and Mrs. Cullens' kids goes to my school but I don't really talk to them, they are quite weird. Especially Alice." Jessica saw Heidi relax, "I see. Well, I must get going you see, my groups are getting quite restless but it was a privilege to talk to you. Hope we can meet once again in the future." Jessica finally noticed who she was talking about. There was probably about twenty or thirty groups of tourists in their very obvious and stereotypical tourist fashion: waist purse, hats, cameras but no souvenir of sorts. Wasn't that what many tourists would actually take with them of their visitation? She saw Heidi floating toward the group once again and they all look at her with the same star-struck gaze, even the children. She guided them to the front and to the door. Heidi once more turned her head toward Jessica, "Oh, this is a private property, Jessica, no outsiders allowed. I am sorry for the inconvenience." Jessica furiously shook her head with red hues spreading across her cheeks, "Um, no! It was my fault for intruding – I-I didn't know. I'll go." She hastily collected her belongings and speed walked to the way the tourists came but not before giving a last glance over the shoulder as she saw Heidi closing the door after everyone had entered and gave her a final dazzling smile. Somehow, it unnerved her. Jessica checked her watch and was surprised to see it was already seven in the afternoon. She should get back to her hotel room now as it was already quite dark. She used her phone light as a flash light to guide her feet to not stumble down the stairs. She turned and twists through almost maze like ambiguous constructions, she didn't know where she was going but following her pure instinct. Jessica's eyes were down onto her shoes she forgot to look up as she felt herself bump into a hard wall. But the hard wall didn't felt like wool either. Jessica gasped when she realised it was someone – not something – and jumped a few feet back, "I'm so sorry! It was dark and I wasn't looking where I was going." She was hoping it was just a normal person and not some psycho or even a mafia or something like that. Jessica looked back to see the person's reaction. The person had dark coat and a hood over him– "You look like the person I saw yesterday night…" She blurted out before quickly apologising, "Sorry, random thoughts. Sorry for bumping into you by the way." Jessica side stepped and found herself torn with two roads. Which one would lead her to the right road and which one would lead her to the wrong end? Right or Left? Jessica turned to her right, about to step around the arc until a voice stopped her. "Left." She stopped, glancing over her shoulder with puzzled expression. "You are going the wrong way; left." His voice was suave and smooth with hint of English accent. It was like hearing sirens sing. "Oh.." Jessica muttered as realisation hit her