A/N: So this is a crack!fic with a serious edge. I just always thought that Renesmee would be unhappy as Jacob's imprint. I mean, what if her vampire side mated? So this is a oneshot based on that what if. ,,, Renesmee packs her backpack with slow hands. She has thought this through as carefully as she could, but she still feels irrational. Running away after everything feels absurd to her. But she cannot have this life. She cannot marry Jacob when she is a lesbian, regardless of his imprint on her. She needs to escape and she needs to escape now . And the only logical place to go: Volterra. Away from mom, dad, Rosalie, Esme, Jacob , the people who stifle her. Teenage rebellion happens , but she has to be a teenager forever through no desires of her own. She didn't choose to be born, and she does not fit the shoes that her mother and father want her to fill. She loves mom and dad. Dearly. But they will have to live with the fact that she is going to join the Volturi. She stuffs the backpack to the brim. Mementos. Movies. Clothes. She does not necessarily know what entails joining the Volturi but Carlisle's hoarding problem makes her figure she can take a few prized possessions. She grabs the stuffed bear Grandpa Charlie gave her and presses it to her chest. She examines herself in the room. "I look like a Victorian Orphan," she sighs, examining her clunky raingear and rail thin form. She looks awful , and it is mostly because of the several nights of no sleep. More reasons to become a vampire: she doesn't need to sleep. Everything she misses in the twelve hours she has to nap at night. It was two years ago that Renesmee insisted on drinking exclusively blood. No more cheeseburgers and French toast. Blood . Because Renesmee wants to be a vampire. Maybe it is solely because she thinks becoming a vampire will repel Jacob and let him find love somewhere else. Because Renesmee Cullen does not like men. Jacob is wonderful; he has always been there for her. Two weeks ago, Alice confronted her. She was doing her homework, looking frustrated. Alice smirked, clearly envisioning Renesmee doing well on the test, or so she would tell Renesmee. But quickly, the conversation changed. "I want to talk to you. You know my visions can change when people change their minds. I need you to change your mind about joining the Volturi." Renesmee's pencil snapped in half. "I-I wasn't planning on joining the Volturi." "Well, I had a vision of that happening. I don't think you should. Are you not happy with everything we've given you?" Alice's tone of concern was more sickening than Rosalie's. Renesmee frowned into her math assignment. "I'm not joining the Volturi." But Alice's vision does not change. And Renesmee's future starts growing cloudy. And here Renesmee is, ready to steal a car and go join the Volturi. She got plane tickets with the birthday money Carlisle showered her with. She lied about buying some clothes . Clothes, as if . She now heads out of the door, and drives due north. SeaTac is far away. Forks is out of the way of absolutely everything. You can't go to Seattle for salmon or Portland for Voodoo Donuts. It's a small town for hikers and recluses, and Renesmee will never truly be happy there. It isn't as if she sparkles in the sunlight like some kind of glow lamp . It isn't that she dislikes her family, it's that they arranged a marriage for her based on Alice's half baked vision and Jake's weird wolf senses . Renesmee wants to be with girls, she wants to be a vampire, she wants to be Carmilla or a Nell Stark character. But her father hated the idea, and Renesmee wasn't about to tell Jake that he unfortunately imprinted on a lesbian. The drive is endless, past trees, trees, trees. She wonders if Volterra has this many damned trees . And, finally, to the crowded airport. She plays with her ticket, walking through the gentle drizzle of rain. And she manages to make it through security with delightfully fake identification. And the plane ride, quiet. She listens to music and tries her best not to cry. She will miss the Cullens. She is a Cullen. But she needs to find her own coven, even if they tried to kill her when she was a baby. It is all different now. They will make her a vampire because it will make their lives infinitely easier. ,,, "The first person you changed was..." "Female, yes. Now shh, Alec." ,,, Renesmee is utterly confused once she gets onto a bus. She hopes she is going the right way, clutching a teddy bear to her chest. It has a little cop vest on it. She looks utterly ridiculous and she knows it. But she is going to join the Volturi if it is the last thing she does. She sleeps on the bus for hours. "Volterra," comes a voice and Renesmee jumps about two feet at the word. Her sense are attuned to the level of a vampire, but she has the clumsiness of a human. She adds moments like these to the list she will present Aro with. She gets off and starts walking. Now how to draw attention to herself. That is the question. ,,, "And the Cullen girl said that your mate would be joining the Volturi." "Yes, I'm sure she wasn't discussing, Edward , brother..." "Rosalie. I completely think it will be Rosalie." "It was more of a warning . I do not think the Cullens will take kindly to one of the Volturi mating with one of their own." "And since when did you care about anyone's happiness but your own?" "Shh, Alec." ,,, Well, Renesmee simply cannot figure out how to find the Volturi. She can't simply just walk up to anybody and demand to be shown the vampires. How she even got herself to Italy stuns her. How she spent the night at Newark when her flight was delayed. A brief detour to the Albany Airport in the cold snow . More reasons why Renesmee should be a vampire; so she isn't so cold all the time. "I think I know what you're looking for." She sees red eyes. That has to be a good sign. "The Volturi." "Don't say it so loud, you foolish girl," snaps the vampire. His eyebrow twitches. "Come on. You can't just be walking around." "I don't sparkle ." And he has no response to that. It does not occur to him that he is in the presence of that Cullen monstrosity, as Aro has taken to calling her. "I'll take you to the tunnels." ,,, "Good news," Aro says and Jane fights the urge to roll her eyes. It probably is unfortunate news for everyone but him. "The little Cullen monstrosity is in Volterra. Alice's visions aren't faulty." "I'm still trying to figure out why she told you about that. The Cullens can't be happy about their little baby showing up here," Jane says, daring to take a tone with Aro that she usually would not. He shrugs. ,,, "Alice, where is Renesmee?" scream five voices at once. Alice sighs and weighs her odds. "I don't know." Her pink cheeks belie her words. "Alice, you can't just lie to us. Where is she?" Edward growls like an animal. Alice chews on her lip. "I talked to Nessie two nights ago and I think she's doing the right thing." " What is the right thing?" And Alice's nostrils are filled with the scent of wet dog. Ick. Jacob continues with, "She's in danger and I have to rescue her." Alice takes a slow, deep breath. "No, Jake, you are the danger. Renesmee was handed a pair of shoes, cute as they were, and told to walk. But she didn't fit in them. She told me she wanted to choose her own destiny. And... you aren't going to like this, but Renesmee has a vampire mate." Jacob rips the dining room table in half and he and Edward are reduced to snarls for a few frantic moments. Alice stands, still and pretty in her Chanel slip, and clears her throat gently. Bella looks like she is about to vomit, Esme and Carlisle are out hunting with Emmett and Rosalie. "Jasper, I could use a hand," Alice squeaks and the room calms. It is as if they all took a hefty dose of Xanax and even Bella looks less green . "I didn't tell Renesmee the part about her mate. But as we know, mating for vampires is a powerful thing. And if it's anything like me and Jasper, I think this is good for Nessie─" "It's not good for me !" Jake screams, his words so loud they are deafening. "She's my imprint! I can't have her go mating with a vampire!" "This was bound to happen, Jacob," Jasper says calmly and Jacob growls at him. Alice feels another wave of Jasper wash through the room. "Renesmee doesn't like you. You may have imprinted on her, but she doesn't feel the same way." And Jacob is gone. Bounding through the screen door in wolf form. Bella runs towards him, but Edward pulls her back. The couple crumbles into each other, melted, holding. "You want that for Renesmee, Bella," Alice says, reaching to the only one who understands. "You don't want her to be forced into a marriage with a much older man she doesn't even love just because he imprinted on her. She can have what you and Edward have." Bella purses her lips. Edward clenches his fists. They both know she is right. "We have to get her back, though," Bella says and Alice slowly nods. "If we can all behave like mature adults, we can go to Volterra─" "Volterra?" Edward cocks an eyebrow. "Nessie, my daughter, is in Volterra ?" "Her mate is there!" Alice exclaims, frustrated. Jasper calms the room once more. She is starting to feel dizzy from the effects of his powers. "Who is her mate, Alice?" Bella asks as Edward starts pacing forcefully. "Jane Volturi." ,,, Renesmee walks into the cold marble halls of the home of the Volturi. "Welcome, I do love guests," Aro says, gesturing at the room around him. Renesmee smiles faintly; she does not know what else to do. "I don't happen to have any human food..." "I don't eat human food. Only blood. I'll cut to the chase," Renesmee says and Aro is in no way used to being addressed to this way. "I want to be a vampire. Alice says my mate is here. I want to join the Volturi and be a vampire. I have a gift . Double the gifts. I'm definitely worth adding to your collection." "Carlisle is going to be so cross with me." Aro is clearly deep in thought, but his lips have a strange, light smile on them. "Now who is this mate you keep discussing." "Oh, look, it's the little half-human one. Aren't you in luck, Jane?" comes the voice of Alec, accompanied by the most beautiful blonde Renesmee has ever seen. Starstruck. Hit by a comet. That is how Renesmee feels. And Jane has to admit she feels the same way. To Renesmee, this must be what Jacob felt when he imprinted on her. She thinks of the cold blonde who looks vaguely familiar, young and ruby eyed. She knows nothing about her, but suddenly, the world doesn't make sense. She is mated. It is beautiful. They walk towards each other, cautiously. Aro applauds as Alec looks amused. "Don't say anything," says the Volturi, and her lips touch Renesmee's. This is the start of something incredible, Renesmee can feel it in her bones. Jake told her a thousand times that nothing