A.N. This story idea wouldn't leave me alone until I promised to do something with it lol. I'm still learning how this fanfiction writing stuff goes, so forgive my mistakes. I hope enjoy this cute little one-shot. If you do leave me a review letting me know! You don't get any prizes for leaving them unless you count the knowledge that you're responsible for making my day :D Thank you for reading! Disclaimer: Neither Twilight nor its characters are my own, I'm only borrowing them for a bit. Stephenie Meyer is the brilliant one! I am a procrastinator. An unorganized procrastinator. It was number one on my list of things to work on this year. Not a resolution, but a goal. I realize it's probably the same thing, but if I called it a resolution, I was bound to be doomed from the get go. A goal, however, is more attainable. Don't judge, just go with it. My new video for my YouTube channel was supposed to go live an hour ago, but procrastinator me, hasn't filmed it yet. It's not that I kept putting it off on purpose but I told myself I couldn't film it until I filled out a few college applications first, and those I put off. No filled out applications, no video. Bella Swan, queen of reason. I've been the proud owner of BellaBeeReviews YouTube channel for over a year. It's a channel dedicated to all things books. Reviews, hauls, tags, read-a-longs, book Q&A's, and more. I've never done a video that wasn't book related, but that's about to change. I'm going to give my subscribers what they've been asking for, a personal Q&A. I don't have the time to film and edit one of usual videos, which is sad because I have an awesome pile of books I need to haul. Amazingly enough, my channel has over 10,000 subscribers! For some YouTubers that's small potatoes, but for me, it's more than I ever imagined. I'm just a girl sitting in her room, filming videos about books. Nothing special about me. Plain brown hair and eyes, lips too big for my face, a body that rivals a boy who hasn't yet gone through puberty. Seriously, when are my boobs going to make an appearance? I managed to sit down and fill out one application, I said a few, but I'll still call this a victory. I run up the stairs, not even falling once. Woot another victory! I head into my bedroom to set up for my video. My room is like me, plain and unimpressive. There's a yellow rocking chair in the corner that's been there since I was a baby, a small desk with a few framed pictures, a full size bed with a purple comforter my dad bought. The only thing that makes me proud is my bookshelf. Well two bookshelves. I have a large 5 shelf bookcase and a smaller one with 3 shelves, both beautifully full. I pull a stool out of my closet and place it in front of my bigger bookcase. I set up my tripod, place my camera on it, and line it up in front of the stool. I turn on my camera and play with it until it's in focus. I also check to make sure my mic is on. Before I sit down to film, I change my ratty pajama top (no, I haven't changed all day) and run a brush through my hair. I would usually put a bit more effort into my appearance, but today is not the day to worry about all of that. I hit the record button, then sit down on the stool. "Hey Guys it's me BellaBeeReviews back with another one! Today's video is going to be a bit different. For the first time ever, I'm giving you a video that is not book related. Say what? You have been asking me to do a personal q&a and today I am giving you what you want. I figure this can be a really chill video, more like a chit chat between friends, so I'm going to forgo all editing. Eek. Let's hope I don't forget how to talk haha. I asked you guys to leave me some questions in the comments a few weeks ago, and you definitely did! I went through the comments and picked 10 questions to answer. So here goes… Bookbabe says 'Hey BellaBee, I love your channel! If you could have any pet you wanted, what would you choose?' Hmmm so many I could name but if I absolutely had to pick one, I'd go with lion. Ever since I watched Lion King as a kid, I've wanted a simba of my own. ColieJune asks, 'What is your favorite food?' Italian all the way! I could eat pasta for every meal everyday. No lie. Harryismyhusband asks, 'What is the most embarrassing thing you've ever done?' Okay, I'm not if this is more embarrassing or ridiculous,crazy,stupid, but I managed to cause a little fender bender, when I wasn't even in my car. You want more huh? Wellll while walking in the school parking lot this past winter, I was looking down reading a book instead of paying attention. I walked in front of a moving van. The guy driving slammed on his breaks to avoid me, slid on the ice and crashed into a light pole. He was completely fine but his van wasn't. I'm still apologizing to this day. Who said reading book wasn't dangerous? Badwolf26 asks, 'What is your favorite tv show? Mine is Doctor Who, hence the username :)' Ahh I love Doctor Who! I have a hard time picking a favorite so I'll give you my top 5, in no particular order. Doctor Who, Big Bang Theory, Pretty Little Liars, The Walking Dead, and Vampire Diaries Gingerreadings says, 'Love the channel! Besides reading, do you have any other hobbies?' Does falling down count? Cause I do that all the time. Hmm on a serious note, I'd have to say cooking. My dad can't cook to save his life, so I had to pick up the slack. I actually really enjoy it. OwlalwaysloveDex asks, 'Do you have any hidden talents?' Talents, nope. Unfortunate quirks, yep! Falling, blushing, passing out. Just to name a few. Chipotleislife says, 'Yay a personal q&a! What's your biggest fear?' Sheesh that's a deep one. One of my loved ones dying. PianoPlayerE wants to know 'Do you have a boyfriend?' Nope. There's a guy who I'd like to date but he doesn't know me outside of being his lab partner. That is all I'm going to say on that haha. LittleLousCorner asks 'What is your favorite color?' Green. Maryslittlelamb asks, 'Would you rather never read a book again or lay in a pit of snakes?' Lay in a pit of snakes, easily. I don't care if snakes scare the bejeezus out of me, I can't give up my books. They're my loves! Alright my little bees, this is it for now! I hope you enjoyed this unedited, impromptu video. If you did, give it a thumbs up or leave me a comment letting me know if you'd like me to do another! Next week I'll be back with my regular videos. I have a haul to show you and a mini tour of my to be read shelf or my TBR. Also leave me a comment telling me what you're currently reading, I'd love to know! See you next week! Byeee" I stand up and turn my camera off. I raise my arms in the air to stretch out my back. Sitting on that stool is really not comfortable. This should be easy to get uploaded since there's no editing to be done. I grab the SD card out of my camera and go sit on my bed with my computer. Once I have the card in the computer, I upload the 10 mins of footage to my channel. Cleverly calling my video 'Personal Q&A'. Okay, not so clever. They don't come for the titles. At least I hope not, if so they are surely disappointed. A peek at the clock lets me know it's later than I thought. Tomorrow is a school day, the responsible thing to do would be to go to bed. So that's what I'll do. I go to bathroom to pee, brush my teeth and wash my face and change into another pajama top. After, finishing my nightly routine, I get into bed. With a book. I said I would go to bed, I just didn't say I would sleep. I have to finish this book for my end of the month wrap up video. BeepBeepBeepBeepBeepBeepBeep "BELLA" BeepBeepBeepBeepBeepBeep "ISABELLA MARIE SWAN GET YOUR TAIL OUT OF BED RIGHT NOW!" "Uuhhh" I roll over and slam my hand against my alarm clock, successfully shutting up the little devil box. I hear footsteps on the stairs then a pounding on my door. "Bella!" My dad Charlie calls out. "I'm up! I'm up! Geeez." I tell him. It's a well known fact I am not a morning person. Too much time spent reading instead of sleeping. Eh you only live once. Okay. Ew. That sounded too much like YOLO. I roll out of bed and groggily make my way to the bathroom. I pee, flush, and turn on the shower with my eyes only half way opened. Boo mornings. While the shower is heating up, I brush my teeth and rinse with mouthwash. I grab my face wash and take it to the shower with me. I don't see the point in washing my face after I get out of the shower when I could just do it while taking a shower. It takes me about 10 minutes to wash my body, shampoo and condition my hair, shave my underarms, and wash my face. My legs need to be shaved but uhh mornings. After I dry my hair, I run to my room to get dressed. Black skinny jeans, a blue babydoll top, a pair of earrings, all classily finished off with my black converse. I grab my backpack and make my way downstairs. "Morning Bells," dad tells me. "Morning dad," I yawn back at him. He chuckles, "Up all night reading again? I thought we talked about that." "Not ALL night, just some of it," I tell him putting my innocent face on. "Well alright but you know how important sleep is, don't want you falling asleep at the wheel." Charlie is the police chief of Forks, the town we live in. It's a small town in Washington, known for being the rainiest in America. Even though it's small, he's still seen some stuff that's made him wary. He just wants to protect me and I understand that. "I'm sorry dad, I promise to do better," I tell him seriously. "Thank you Bells. I've gotta get going. Don't forget to eat something." He walks over and gives me a kiss on the head before heading out the door. I grab a granola bar and bottle of water, putting it in my backpack. No time to eat. I have to ask Ang if she watched my video. Angela or Ang as I like to call her, is my best friend and the only person in my school that knows about my YouTube channel. She's a book junkie like myself. She watches every single video I upload, giving me feedback every time. She's been a huge asset to my channel. I grab my keys and run out the door. My hulking red truck is waiting for me just where I left it. Old faithful. It's a red/orange Chevy pick up truck made sometime in the 50's. The sounds it makes while driving isn't pretty to listen to, but it always gets me where I'm going. I turn it on, put it in drive, and head down the road to Forks High School. Ang is waiting for me