Author Notes Hello! Welcome to Turning of the Times, the first part of a long-form Harry Potter fanfiction. If you're not interested in reading the author's notes, by all means scroll on down past this, however I suggest you read the 'Canon Compliance' bit first. As the title suggests, this first installment falls into the category of time travel fic, which I've had outlined since last summer and been actively writing since last October. This is predominantly a plotty fic, not a ship fic, and plot does it have. In it's current, mostly unedited state, T0tT is currently drafted with 230k out of an estimated 350k written (and a steady daily writing/editing schedule keeping it moving). Most chapters are 8-12k (this one on the longer end) and it is looking to wrap up in about thirty-three chapters. As of right now, I'm going to aim to upload chapters once every two weeks, though this may slow down as editing and writing do take time So buckle in for a wild ride, folks, 'cause it's going to be a long one. That being said, a few things to declare right off the bat, because I know if I don't I will end up having comments about it later. First: Though this is not a ship fic, it does feature characters with romantic entanglements. It is less a point, I think, than it is in the canon, but they are there. Several characters also identify as GSRMs, even characters that you might not interpret as such in the canon. Luckily for me, I am a fanfiction writer, not JKR, and I do not have to obey the established canon if I don't want to. Although I do not intend to write anything that disagrees with the canon, my interpretation probably differs from yours. These will be rather minor points in the story, and should make sense within context, but you have been warned. Second: this fic eventually contains Death Eaters and Death Eater related violence, sometimes graphic violence , which may include characters you like being tortured and characters you like being forced to act in ways they would not on their own. I will label these chapters with appropriate warnings as best I can. If you would like me to label for any specific warnings, let me know. Canon Compliance: There are a few changes to the canon that are important to note here, mostly in terms of when events happen (which, as you might imagine, is rather important for a time travel fic). First, the calendar of April 1996 is a bit confusing in the books to begin with and I've just messed with it more, so I've gone and laid it out here. The most important thing to note is that Harry tries to contact Sirius the Friday after 'Snape's Worst Memory', as opposed to in the books, in which he stews for 2-3 weeks beforehand. The second most important thing is to note that to achieve this, the Easter Holiday begins on Saturday the 17th and lasts for one week. I've set the dates as follows: · Monday, April 12: Last DA meeting - Dumbledore leaves Hogwarts · Tuesday, April 13: Fred & George release fireworks · Wednesday, April 14: Harry looks in the pensieve · Thursday, April 15: This story begins · Friday, April 16: Harry tries to contact Sirius I've also created a functioning schedule, for my sanity, which doesn't necessarily line up with the canon. Beyond that, there should only be little inconsistencies here or there (i.e. I've inserted the Notes into the story, as you will see); that being said I am only human and good ol' JKR is notoriously difficult to pin down on specifics like dates and times and numbers of students at Hogwarts at a given time. If you spot anything, you are welcome to let me know, although I probably won't change it unless it is of major impact. Last point of compliance is that I take canon as somewhere between the books for anything plot and the movies for a large portion of the visual scenery. For example, the way I portray Dumbledore's office does not completely line up with how it is described in the book. I'm sure no one minds, but if it bothers you, remember that Hogwarts is a constantly changing piece of magical architecture. Chapter One: The Turning Point It was midday, and most of the students at Hogwarts were at lunch or loitering in the halls, taking their free hour to entertain themselves with much more zeal than they ever applied to educating themselves. Generally, of course, they were being kept very busy. The professors at Hogwarts knew that was the most important part. A bored student was a student who finds trouble; a student with a schedule packed with erratic class times, energy-consuming extracurriculars, and, of course, a generous dose of homework was a student with no time to be bored, and thus no need to misbehave. It was not a perfect system, but it kept incidents to a manageable minimum, and by the end of their first year, the students that need extra enthusiastic distraction were clear. Some, such as the unfortunate and newly declared Headmistress, Mme. Dolores Umbridge, thought rules were the solution. A pathetic sort of idealism, if one cared to be generous. She clearly had little experience in managing swarms of children armed with magic and their imaginations when she began issuing her seventy-nine educational decrees. Rules, as any long-term professor could tell you, were best kept to short and certain numbers. For example, the three cardinal rules of daily life at Hogwarts: 1. Don't go out of bounds or out of hours, unless with a professor. 2. Don't use spells on others, unless told by a professor. 3. Don't mess with magic you don't understand, unless guided by a professor. Short, to the point, and broad enough to cover just about any situation. When they did not, there was always the grand list, as found in Appendix C of Hogwarts, a History. Of course, among the professors there were also a few major (and unspoken) rules. Chief among those? Don't tell students where to find the list of rules. Where there were rules there were loopholes, and in a school like Hogwarts, there were always students who would ways to exploit them. Professor Umbridge, in her pointedly brief tenure at Hogwarts, had taken to announcing her decrees at dinner and posting them outside the Great Hall, where they were slowly but surely wallpapering the stone around the notice board. Unfortunately for the Professor, her life of self-imposed estrangement from the muggle world seemed to have deprived her of some of its basic adages, such as Rules are made to be broken and Where there's a will, there's a way. Fred and George Weasley, two students to whom half of Umbridge's decrees had been dedicated, observed them with crossed arms. They were tucked away in a window nook across the landing, not hidden but oft overlooked, as was their talent to be. Somewhere between decree number twenty-four— ALL STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS, SOCIETIES, TEAMS, GROUPS, AND CLUBS ARE HENCEFORTH DISBANDED— and twenty-eight— DOLORES JANE UMBRIDGE (HIGH INQUISITOR) HAS REPLACED ALBUS DUMBLEDORE AS THE HEAD OF HOGWARTS SCHOOL OF WITCHCRAFT AND WIZARDRY— their prankster's pride had given way to spite. Every additional paper that went up in the week since then had made a bit angrier. "You know what I'm thinking, George?" Fred asked. George had an inkling. "Never tickle a sleeping dragon?" "But is she the Dragon, or are we?" "Point." "Hypothesis?" "McGonagall." They chuckled and shook hands, as though making some sort of bet between themselves. Perhaps they were. One could never be sure. It was clear to anyone who knew anything of Fred and George—the whole school, that is—that Umbridge's strategy was doomed to fail from the start. Perhaps that was why Dumbledore had not put an end to it before absconding Hogwarts. He was, after all, notorious for allowing fires to burn themselves out. In the previous five years, Dumbledore had declared but one major rule, and that had been more for show than anything else. Umbridge alongside the Decrees had Filch digging through records for old rules he could reinstate, making contraband out of things like colorful hair accessories and turning skipping in the halls an offense punishable by three nights' detention. Then again, unlike Umbridge Dumbledore's mind had been elsewhere, and it seemed to many of those who bothered with speculation that his expulsion from the grounds had actually been more convenient to the wizard than not. It was hardly responsible to go running off on some adventure, leaving behind his school-full of part-time wards in the hands of a truly abysmal babysitter, but he hadn't exactly been keeping a close eye on them while physically present on the campus, either. One of those wards, feeling very neglected and confused indeed, was Harry Potter. Like the Weasley twins, Harry one of those students who often found trouble—though perhaps it would be kinder to say that trouble had a way of finding him—and so he couldn't help but having the whole school keeping tabs on him. Before he could even remember he had made the mistake of defeating the Dark Lord, an act which had imprisoned him permanently in the bedtime stories of magical children across Europe. Bolstering his unwanted legendary status, keeping tabs on the Harry Potter was quite simply a favorite pastime of the students and staff alike. There were several illicit betting pools running as to how soon the fateful boy would next face death, land himself in the hospital wing, prove the impossible possible, usher in the apocalypse, or at least earn detention. As such, it would surprise approximately no one that Harry was spending his lunch hour alone, in Gryffindor Tower, brooding. He'd become an accomplished sulk in the past year. Not that it was undeserved—most teenagers could find reason to sulk in a true utopia, and Harry's life was closer on the spectrum to 'living hell'. The student body, for the most part, had some idea that whatever had happened on the night of the final task of the Triwizard Tournament (a disastrous and of course Ministry-sponsored event the year before) Harry and the other Hogwarts champion had disappeared, and only Harry had made it back alive. If he hadn't spent at least some portion of his time haunted by gloom, they'd have thought he wasn't right in the head. More so than they already did, that was. The papers claimed he was criminally insane, and now that he'd been reportedly caught leading Dumbledore's secret student rebel army—well. Nine and a third out of ten students would have guessed he was brooding any time they were asked, with various degrees of snickering involved. On that particular Thursday afternoon, however, Harry wasn't worrying about the missing Headmaster or trying to forget the weight of Cedric's lifeless body when he'd brought it home. No, currently he was stuck on something none of his peers could have guessed. Only one man knew anything of Harry's current misery, and he, as a rule, would prefer Harry's agony amplified. It had all started the night before, when Snape had been called out during their usual occlumency 'lesson'. These weekly encounters, which could accurately be compared to two rhinoceros charging into a solid brick wall for hours on end, were the only connection Harry had to anything related to the war, and yet they failed to shed any light on what was happening outside the castle and so entirely useless to him. When Snape left the room, Harry, in one of his brilliantly shortsighted moments, had chanced a look in the pensieve Snape used to store memories during their lessons. Why the professor used it, Harry had never thought to ask. What he had hoped to find—it hardly mattered: what he had found was a memory, and