Lily pulled her curly red hair into a tight bun on her hair. Her unruly hair was frizzy and unkempt and she yearned for a hot bath to relax and forget her week. She knew she had to finish her article though, her job at the local newspaper paid the bills and she needed this . This week's thrilling topic was the conspiracy that the local council was putting the parking fine money towards their social calendar of events instead of local causes. Her writing had tried to give the small town scandal an edge but she was struggling to come up with an ending that wasn't dripping in sarcasm. She scribbled something about awaiting a statement from the local council ahead of their annual review and then threw her pen on the desk and sighed. Her desk overlooked the street and she could see a couple of local kids playing on their bikes outside, a girl and a boy laughing and chasing each other back and forth. She sighed as the sight brought back a memory of her childhood and she shook it away not looking to get sentimental today. She stood and headed downstairs with the article, she knew she had to type up and drop the article off before 2pm otherwise she was going to miss the print deadline so she grabbed her handbag and headed to the door. Before she grabbed the door handle she realised she didn't have her car keys and turned to the table in the hallway. The keys weren't in the bowl on top so she opened the drawer and rummaged around inside. She pushed old letters and junk to the side and saw the keys were underneath and went to grab them, as she did she felt a warm jolt to her hand and realised she had brushed up against her wand. It was in the back of the drawer, unused and covered in dust. She jerked her hand back in shock and stared down at her wand. She hadn't looked at it in some time and had no urge to take it out today. She grabbed her keys and slammed the drawer shut and headed back to the door. As she drove she couldn't help but thinking about her wand in that little drawer in her house, it had been unused for at least 5 years now. She had left Hogwarts with all the energy that the top student should have, a number of job offers in the ministry and a place to train as a healer is she had wanted. She had initially chosen to start her healer training and had begun her first year but 7 months in her mother had taken ill and due to her sister's responsibility with her fiancee at the time and the stress of trying to plan the wedding it had fallen to Lily to move back home and take care of her. Her mother's illness had taken its toll and became a full time role for Lily. She had taken a job at the local newspaper to keep money coming in and also it allowed her to work from home a lot. Her mother had always been supportive of Lily's abilities during the school years. Lily's abilities made Lily special and in turn made her special as she was her mother. But her illness changed her mother and soon Lily could see the resentment begin to grow as her illness got worse. Eventually Lily began hiding her magic, trying to only do little bits in the other room where her mother couldn't see. Eventually her wand would just get left in a drawer and her magic became like a past dream. Lily didn't always miss it, sometimes she felt a resentment to her power also as she could do so much but she couldn't heal her mother. At first she kept in touch with her school friends, sending weekly owls and hearing about their adventures of travelling and training in their various jobs. But it didn't take long for the owls to become less and less and Lily didn't mind because she hated hearing about the sucess and fun they were having while she was stuck at home. This then turned to guilt and soon she cut herself from everyone completely apart from the occasional phone call from her sister. One particular call was to say that the wedding was going ahead but Petunia thought it better for Lily to stay home and care for their Mother. Lily knew that was just an excuse to keep her away but she agreed, she had no fight left in her to argue and she hated her brother-in-law and his pompous family anyway. Her mother passed away two years later but Lily didn't feel like it was that long ago. She still took a big inhale of breath and bit back tears every time she thought of the dark time. She had promised herself that as soon as she had some time to mourn she would do something with her life, get back on track and become the success she had worked so hard at school for. But for now she was still working for her local muggle job and wasn't in touch with the magical world at all. Her car, actually her mother's old mini, pulled into the car park to the newspaper offices and she parked up. Her boss was a little old man called Mr Herbertson and he was very uptight and grumpy but had a good heart deep down. He had been kind to her during her mother's illness and kept her in work. "Evans, you're cutting it close this week." Herbertson said across the office as she walked in. She could see he was standing in the doorway of his office with a cigarette in one hand and a cup of coffee in the other. "I know I'm sorry. I wanted to make sure it was right." Lily said apologetically shrugging her shoulders. She sat at the temp desk and quickly slid a piece of paper into the typewriter and started typing up the article. Herbertson rolled his eyes but Lily knew he had a soft spot for her and she wasn't in trouble. She typed quickly and then put the sheets with Ms Fields who was Mr Herbertson's secretary. "Thanks Gina," Lily said straining a smile as she dropped the paper on her desk. Gina was very glamorous for a small town receptionist, her bleached blonde hair was coiffed like a movie star and she always had a slick of red lipstick on. She glanced over her rhinestone covered cat's eye glasses and looked at Lily. "You know Lily," she smiled over her glasses. "You've got great potential you know. I read your stuff. You've got talent. Maybe you should try and get on the crime beat, get something a bit meatier than what the idiots at the local council are up to." She said inspecting her ruby red nail polish. Lily nodded, she'd heard it all before about her potential but she just didn't have the energy to go for it. Ms Fields inspected Lily and then turned to look over her shoulder to see if Herbertson was watching. "I didn't give you this got it." She said and Lily looked at her confused. Gina grabbed a piece of note-paper and scribbled something on it quickly. She handed the piece of paper to Lily quickly then lowered her voice. "Go to this address and ask for Mr Dawes about the incident he called about. He called here earlier and I said I'd send someone over but there's nobody around because of those robberies down at the high school so you can have it. All sounded very strange but you've got it." She said shooing Lily away. Lily stared at the paper then back at Gina and felt very confused. "Go!" She said wiggling her fingers more vigorously before picking up the ringing telephone next to her. Lily folded the paper and placed it in her jeans pocket before heading out the door. She got into her car and pulled the paper out of her pocket again to look at it. All it said was, " 15 Capersworth Drive, Mr Dawes, weird lights " Not much to go on, Lily thought. She knew where the address was as it was only a few blocks from her home so she decided to drive by on her way home. As she turned into the street she felt a shiver run up her back and she slowed the car as a cold crept over her. She continued down the street and as she neared the end she saw number fifteen was the second to last of the street. She pulled the car to a stop by the curb and looked across as the house. It looked pretty normal, the grass on the lawn was very overgrown and a number of weeds seemed to be overpowering the flower beds but other than that she didn't see anything strange. Normally she would have turned around and headed home, but her curiosity was peaked and the hairs standing up on the back of her neck had given her a little adrenaline rush to see what this was. She rummaged in her glove compartment for an old note pad and pen and then got out of the car. She tucked a stray piece of hair behind her ear, straightened her top and pulled her shoulders back. She could do this, she needed this, she needed something… different. The walk up the driveway was very quiet, she looked towards the house for movement but the house looked quiet. No lights were on and she couldn't sense any movement. As she neared the front door though she saw the slightest twitch of the front window curtain. As she arrived at the door she rang the bell and waited and after a long enough wait looked back towards that window and as she turned she saw the curtain twitch again and Lily raised a friendly hand to whoever it was. She then chose to knock on the door again and call out to perhaps reassure the person inside. "Hello! This is Lily Evans, from the paper. I've come to talk to Mr Dawes about the…" Before she could finish the door flew open and Lily felt a hand fly out and grab her and pull her inside. She suddenly felt terror and she gasped as she was flung into the reception area of the small home. As she steadied herself she saw the person who had grabbed her was a small elderly man, he was at least a head shorter than her and he was dressed impeccably in a suit and tie. He didn't look very happy though and glared up at Lily. "Are you stupid in the head girl?" He grumbled. "This isn't the time to be shouting in the streets." He carried a small walking stick and waved it in her direction to further display his annoyance. "Sorry, I didn't… are you Mr Dawes?" She asked, she felt very confused and alarmed at her being pulled into a stranger's home. "Yes, yes thats me. I'm Mr Dawes, Mr Frederick Dawes to be specific. You may call me Mr Dawes." He said very primly. His home was very modest but the way he dressed and behaved Lily felt like he was a very grand old gentleman. "And you are?" He asked, his tone never changing from disgruntled. Lily immediately threw her hand to shake his. "Lily, Lily Evans. From the newspaper. I believe you called about an incident. I don't have any more details so if you'd like to explain to me what you saw." Lily said still holding her hand out which he ignored so she pulled it back. "Well nice to see someone listens to me. The local police laughed me out of the station." He