I DON'T OWN HARRY POTTER OR ANY OF ITS ORIGINAL CHARACTERS, ONLY MY OCS AND THE SITUATIONS I PUT THEM IN. This is a mix of both books and movies. WARNING: There will be cussing, lemons, and violence. So here we are again. I want this beginning and story to be different and since I haven't seen a start like this I think I'm on the right track. Some characters may seem OOC at some points at different times in the story, but I hope I explain that in the story when the time comes. Some things happen pretty fast at first (like certain relationships or legal stuff), but again I try to explain it. Some people may go back and forth at times, but I'll explain it! You get the idea. Spelling and grammar errors I recheck constantly, so sorry if some slip by. Some character bashing in the beginning and for a little while, but that doesn't mean it will last the whole story. I don't hate certain characters though it may definitely seem like that at times This is a mix of book and movie. Also the beginning might seem a bit confusing (or I'm just overthinking) but keep reading and it becomes pretty clear. Oh, and sorry if now or in the future I mess up any Spanish. I'm trying but I suck at other languages. I'm practicing other countries slang and spelling accents. Last thing, for those who followed from other stories of mine and new readers alike; I am so happy to have you here and thank you for reading. Enjoy! BTW if you hate it, please just keep it to yourself. Helpful notes are always welcomed, but just negativity is not. Italics- What's happening on the 'screen'. Of Potions, Pranks, and Common Sense. Chapter 1: Confusing beginnings. Thirteen-year-old Harry Potter and his two best friends, Hermione Granger and Ronald Weasley sat on a big couch in a spacious living room surrounded by people. "Crazy night, eh Moony?" came the somewhat scratchy voice of newly escaped Sirius Black from his spot on another couch by best friend Remus Lupin. "Crazy is putting it mildly Pads" the shaggy blonde and grey haired Remus Lupin sighed rubbing his eyes tiredly before giving Sirius a small smile. The other man gently rubbed his arm, only hesitating for a brief moment. Harry guessed that Ava and Eva were right, the two men had a lot to catch up on and make up for. 'Hopefully the twins were right about everything' he thought, 'Things will be better now'. As Remus and Sirius continued to quietly banter, a snort escaped Harry. Both men turned and smiled at him, distractively noticing that they couldn't get up. Harry wasn't used to the gentle looks being sent his way but he couldn't say he didn't like them. "Hello everyone" walked in a beautiful small Spanish girl caring a large tome. She looked to be about thirteen though she carried herself as someone much older. "I'm sure you're all wondering why you're here and can't leave your seats". "You can say that again" said a tall long haired red headed man who could only be Bill Weasley. "The nargles are just as curious as I am" a lithe blonde with cloudy eyes and an easy smile said. Ginny and the pretty brunette smiled at her. "You must be Daniela!" Hermione said excitedly making Harry smile and Ron rolled his eyes, though there was a smile on his face. "How does she know these things" he muttered. "Yes I am, though I wonder how you know that. And to answer the other question; you are here because my magic, and YES I will explain" she held a hand up as Sirius opened his mouth to interrupt. Remus chuckled as his friend's pout. "My magic has gone through all the characters and decided that everyone in this room is not only open minded enough to accept some truths but also are or will be one hundred percent committed to helping Harry Potter". Many people sat up straighter at this declaration though there were some mutterings about the word character. Harry took that moment to look over the other occupants. There was of course his newly discovered Uncle Remus and Sirius, looking at them gave him an ache in his chest so he quickly turned away. Bill Weasley was sitting next to a muscular and slightly scarred up red head, Charlie Weasley. On another couch sat Ginny next to the small blonde that he guessed was one Luna Lovegood and a nervous looking Neville Longbottom. On a back chair and looking over everyone with critical eyes, or eye seeing as the other one was zooming about, was who Harry could only assumed was Mad Eye Moody. Rounding out the group were the curious and always mischievous looking Fred and George Weasley. "Where is Ava?" Sirius suddenly asked bringing attention onto himself and the elder Weasleys and Mad Eye tried, and failed, to raise their wands. "It's Sirius Black!" Bill yelled pointing at the cleaned up and pajama clad man. Curiously Remus was in matching pajamas. "Calm down Bill" Ron said moving his still injured leg. "He's a good guy" he tried to explain. "Yes, where is she? Is she ok?" Remus asked Daniela. "I would also like to know where my two best friends are" Daniela said looking annoyed. "I'd also like to know why I woke up thirteen instead of my usual twenty-four-year-old self". "Well, the twins are getting food" Harry put in making some of the others brows raise. "Eva said they would try to be back soon" Hermione told her. "Excuse me, but is that or is that not Sirius Black!" Charlie yelled still struggling. "Yes, yes" Daniela waved a hand as if to shoo of a bug. "But he's innocent, Dumbledore handled shit wrong and gets a few people in this room killed and many more, and shit is about to hit the fan. But we'll get to that" she rattled on not paying attention to everyone but Harry and Hermione's shocked faces. "Right now we have to catch up and find the twins". "Excuse us" smiled the Weasley twins, "But who are these mystery girls we keep hearing about?" "You're about to see. Unfortunately, this way will also show you different clips of mine and the girls lives. Thankfully it will also show what they've been up to since we got here and hopefully where they are now." She muttered as she began moving her hands around and the wall cleared of pictures and knickknacks. "What have you been doing since we got here, you weren't here when Ava and Eva brought us" Hermione asked. "I'll explain when the girls get here. Is everyone ready?" Daniela asked before laughing a little. "Joking, you're stuck and you have no choice. We don't have time to beat around the bush or draw any of this out. If we want to win, we have to get everything out now" she smiled at them. In truth she was just too impatient to wait days if not weeks to feel people out before trying to make a plan. This seemed like the easiest and fastest way. She was happy to see that Harry didn't seem too surprised so she hoped that meant the twins had explained a few things to him. "Now buckle up" she turned and a picture began to form on the wall for all to see, almost like a drive in theater, not that most of the magicals would know that. "I feel like this is going to be one hell of a ride". The pictures focused on the wall and a small girl appeared, obviously a much younger Daniela who looked to be about seven and was being hassled by a group of bigger children. "Our first meeting" Daniela breathed as a small smile slid onto her face. "Your magic is amazing" Luna said in awe and Danny tried not to blush. "Thank you" she said before letting the scene play. Before anyone else could speak the on screen Daniela cried out as one child pulled on her wild curls, curls that were almost as big as Hermione's though just a bit tighter. " Go back to Mexico!" one child yelled. " I'm not from Mexico" came her quiet and heavily accented voice. " No one wants you here" another yelled pushing her down making her cut her knee and the palm of her hands. " Yeah, you don't belong here" said a boy as they closed in threateningly. " Really?" came two voices and the children parted to show two smirking tall blonde girls. They looked like twins though their eye color was different and their faces weren't actually identical, though almost. Harry and Hermione smiled recognizing the girls. Fred and George smirked while Remus shook his head and tried to cover a smile though he leaned forward with a happy Sirius, eager to see what would happen. Harry nudged Hermione and motioned to his uncles, amused at their capture by one particular twin. His amusement grew when one of the bullies gulped. " Because we think she belongs a lot more than some of the buttheads we're looking at now" the honey blondes continued to talk in tandem. Fred and George's smirks grew while their siblings groaned. " We don't take kindly to prejudice, do we sister?" the one with vibrant green and grey eyes asked. " No we don't" came the sapphire blue and grey's voice. " G-get out of here freaks! This isn't any of your business" one boy, the apparent leader, tried to sound brave. His nerves were apparent as his eyes darted between the two taller girls and his fists balled as if preparing for an attack. " Freak?" green eyes raised a brow. "How you wound us" she clutched her chest dramatically. Blue eyes laughed and they both took a step forward making the other children scramble to put more distance between them leaving Daniela still on the ground watching silently. The young twins seemed to find the groups panic amusing. Both reached down and easily lifted the tan child off of the ground. She looked briefly between the pale arms against her darker ones before they spoke again. " Now trying to hurt someone because they're different or smaller than you is, well it's just plain dumb" blue eyes scolded as if she was an adult. " I mean how boring would it be if everyone was the same" she sighed placing an arm around a stunned Danny's shoulders. " She's not normal" a girl defended before green eyes looked at her and she shut up. " Who is?" green eyes shot at her. "Normal isn't real, it's a figment of your imagination. Now" she casually cracked her knuckles. "You all know I don't put up with people messing with my sister, add-" she looked at Daniela. " Daniela" she told her looking down. She felt a tap on her chin and looked up to see both girls wink at her. " Danny here to that short list. If I see any of you messing with our best friend, it won't be pretty." The scene paused and everyone looked at a smiling Daniela. "I remember being so confused. It had been a few days and I thought I would never fit in. The other children were scared of the twins because of how they gushed over what others were scared of, werewolves being Ava's favorite" she shot a side glance at a wide eyed Remus. "They were considered outcast but it never bothered them, they never tried to fit in" she chuckled. "If you didn't like them that was your problem, not theirs." She took a deep breath before another fond smile took over her face. "I had no way of knowing just how important they would become to me" she sighed before letting the