Disclaimer: I do NOT own Percy Jackson. The magical trolls won't kidnap Rick without a permit. Main Pairing: Nico/Percy (Nicercy) Warnings: Slash, Swearing, Violence AN: My third entry for Takara's contest. This is a request fic from Nicercylover108. Hope you get better, dude! What has better healing qualities than some Nicercy? Sleeping With the Enemy Ghost King slammed into the brick wall behind him and crumpled to the ground. HIs head swam with pain. That was gonna need some ice. He grunted as he got to his feet, dark eyes sweeping the wreckage. Cars were overturned. The asphalt was cracked. People had long since evacuated. But where was- Ghost King spun on his heel and shot his hand outwards. There was a cry of surprise and pain when the shadows grabbed the Suit trying to sneak up Ghost King. He was halfway buried in the wall's shadows, as if the building was made out of quicksand. "Quiet isn't really your strong suit, Tsunami." Ghost King smirked and strode over to the struggling Suit, trying to keep the limping to a minimum. He'd give the guy credit- Tsunami didn't hold back. The Suit growled at him as he tried to free himself from the shadow's hold. His green eyes flashed underneath his blue mask. "Yeah, well, fighting isn't yours." As though greatly offended, Ghost King placed a hand over his chest. "Then please explain why I have you trapped." Ah, banter. Their fights weren't the same without it. "Because you cheated," Tsunami snapped. "Bringing civilians into the fight-" Ghost King raised an eyebrow, forgetting for moment that Tsunami couldn't see it because of his full face mask. "Oh? I didn't know there were rules to our little exchanges." Not that he would have harmed the mortal. They weren't on his list. Still, his arch nemesis didn't need to know this. It'd ruin his reputation. He trailed a black, gloved finger over Tsunami's masked face. "I've always wanted to see who's under this. The one person who stands a chance against me. I find you fascinating." Tsunamis snarled, but Ghost King just tsked. "Now don't be rude. I'll give it back." He gripped the bottom of the mask and was just about to pull it off when Tsunami brought his head forward and smacked into his. Ghost Kind yelped and stepped back, losing control of the shadows for just one second. It was enough. Tsunami leapt away from the wall and pounced on him, sending them both crashing to the concrete. For the third time, Ghost King hit his head. He groaned. Tsunami straddled his black clothed waist and pinned his wrists to the ground. Not that he was going anywhere. Everything was spinning. "You wanted to see me?" Tsunami hissed. "How about I return the favor?" He grabbed Ghost King's mask and tugged, but Ghost King had just enough awareness to shadow travel into the shadows beneath him. Tsunami fell to the ground, now completely alone. He scowled. "Dammit." He'd call it another draw. … Nico collapsed onto his bed from the open shadows on the ceiling. He bounced once, twice, and finally stayed still, cradling his head. Damn it all, he probably had another concussion. Hazel would want to check him. He sighed and stretched his sore muscles. He thought he heard his bones crack. Groaning, he left his bed and struggled out of his black uniform. Yes, uniform. Never costume. He wasn't a cosplayer. He left it on the floor for now and made his way to the adjoining bathroom. He desperately needed a shower. He turned the water on as cold as possible before stepping inside the stall. He learned a long time ago it helped with swelling and not to mention it felt great. Refreshing after either getting his ass kicked or kicking someone else's ass. "Brother? Are you back?" Hazel called from outside the bathroom door. "Yeah," Nico called back, furiously trying to rid himself of the dirt that seemed to be melded into his olive skin. "Are you injured?" He tried not to be offended. "Not really, Haze! But super hungry." That was one word for it. He was starving- using so much of his powers took a bunch of energy. He was surprised he was still standing. "I'll heat up some leftovers." Hazel's retreating footsteps could be heard and the sound of his bedroom door closing. Nico went back to bathing, faintly amused and disgusted from how dirty the water was. Thankfully, there wasn't any red. Just a few scrapes. He turned the switch when he was finished and dried himself off with a white towel. It was thrown into the hamper next to the bathroom door, along with his uniform. He chose to wear a pair of jeans, a dark blue T-shirt, and his usual black combat boots since he was in his home. His curly hair was left alone (he had given up on it a long time ago) and then headed to the kitchen where Hazel was. This was his after-battle routine. He couldn't help but wonder what Tsunami's was. "Rough fight, huh?" Hazel hummed in sympathy as she filled his plate with reheated pasta. "You showered right away." Nico shrugged and took the plate from her before sitting down at their table. "I've had worse. It's just...this isn't going anywhere. He's the only one who stands a chance against me, but he can't beat me and I can't beat him. At least permanently." Hazel helped herself to some orange juice and took a sip. "You can't beat him as Tsunami, you mean." Nico frowned up at her. "Well, yeah. That's what I just said." Hazel rolled her eyes and set the juice aside. "No, I meant find out his secret identity. Do that and you can beat him as a mortal. Get him to trust you. No need for powers." "Hazel…" Nico blinked. "That's...actually kind of brilliant. And simple. I have no idea why I didn't think of it." Sure, he'd tried to take Tsunami's mask off earlier, but that was mostly just for mocking purposes. If he didn't let Tsunami know he knew his identity then Tsunami would have no reason to mistrust him. He could get close to him, find out his weaknesses, or simply search for a moment when he wasn't on his guard. Killing him would be easy. "See?" Hazel smiled smugly. "I'm smart. I'd be a great partner." Nico's gaze sharpened. "Don't start. We've talked about this." Hazel's smile disintegrated. " You talked about it, Nico." Her hands curled into fists as she gripped the countertop. "As soon as Tsunami's defeated I'll let you help." Nico cleared away the food, suddenly not very hungry anymore. He ignored Hazel's frustrated look and kissed her forehead. "Promise." He wasn't going to lose another sister. That idiot Zeus would fall without placing Hazel in danger. … Percy groaned as he shut his dorm door and leaned against it afterwards. He was exhausted. After yet another fight with Ghost King and a week's worth of makeup homework he felt like he would collapse. He'd missed class because he'd been too injured. Being a college student along with a superhero did not go together. And even though he'd been throwing people into walls and held down against his will he still had a term paper to write. He shuffled to his bed where his silver laptop laid. It dinged when he opened it. Nearly made him jump. He was a bit more on edge lately. He couldn't help it, having an arch enemy would do that to a guy. Worst of all, he couldn't see the end in sight. He hated to admit it, but they were both evenly matched. If Percy managed to win it wasn't by much and vice a versa. Could he continue to do this? Fight without any knowledge on his enemy was and what he wanted? He groaned and let his head fall back on his headboard. His brain hurt. Actually, everything hurt. He shifted, trying to relieve his achy muscles. Why can't his villain ever monologue? It'd make things much easier. … Nico had a plan. He'd borrowed one of Hades' trackers and planned to plant it on Tsunami during one of their fights. It'd have to be on his back so he wouldn't be able to see it, though. And it would need to be disguised as an attack. Jeez, this would be hard. Tsunami wasn't stupid enough to turn his back on him, not unless… Nico groaned. Not unless he believed Nico was no longer a threat. Damn it all. His pride was gonna hurt worse than all his previous injuries combined. … "What's the matter?" Tsunami taunted, his booted foot pressed to Ghost King's chest. "Tired?" Ghost King pretended to struggle underneath him. He glared up at the Suit and spat, "Watch it, Spongebob." Tsunami smirked. Ghost King's hands curled into fists. Fuck it all, if Tsunami didn't turn his back now he'd give up the weak act entirely- his pride had taken too much of a beating. To his surprise, there was no witty comeback or insult. And was it just him or did the Suit seem...drained? His green eyes were duller than normal and he definitely wasn't using all of his strength. He was so lost in his musing he nearly missed Tsunami reaching for his mask like he had yesterday. That wasn't part of the plan. Ghost King immediately summoned a zombie from the asphalt and commanded it to attack him. There was a cry of surprise and Tsunami fell to the ground, the corpse on top of him. It was only a second though; Tsunami was back on his feet almost instantly. Because the zombie wasn't alive there was no water running through his vein so Tsunami couldn't control him. He had to use brute force. While the Suit was distracted, Ghost King plucked the tracker from his back pocket. He jumped onto Tsunami's back and stuck it to the middle of his back, right between his shoulder blades. Tsunami flipped under him, his hand raised, but hit nothing except air. Ghost King had shadow traveled away once again. His zombie disappeared. Tsunami was left alone. "Are you fucking kidding me? Again? God, you're such a coward!" … Back at Nico's home in the outer corners of the big city, Olympus, Nico and Hazel sat in his bedroom. Nico strained his eyes as he typed, clicked, and scanned the computer screen for any new data. So far, it appeared Tsunami was unaware that he was being tracked. He made his way through the downtown area toward Athena University. At least, that's what it looked like. There were others thing around him, but Nico doubted he was going to Freeway Lanes Bowling. "It makes sense," Nico murmured, not taking his eyes off the blinking red dot. "He's old enough to be a college student. And I always knew he lived in Olympus. But I still don't know who he is. I'll have to check the student log and see if anyone jumps out." Hazel hummed from her place on his big bed. "Seems kinda sketchy. Just what would you be looking for?" Nico didn't even glance at her. "He has green eyes. He's a young male. And I'm pretty sure he's got black hair. I saw it when I tried to pull off his mask. How hard can it be to find powerful Suit in a pool of mortals?" The red dot blinked and was gone. Must've found it and broke it already. Well, at least Nico knew where he hid- a college not twenty minutes away. Still, if Tsunami had discovered the tracker then that meant he knew that Nico knew. He'd probably be on his guard. Nico chuckled and stretched his stiff back. Fine by him. He'd always enjoyed a challenge. "Haze? Can you get Nyssa for me? Tell her I got something for her to