Disclaimer: I do NOT own Percy Jackson. If I did the series would be WAY different. Main Pairing: Nico/Percy (Nicercy) Warnings: Slash and Swearing AN: This oneshot was inspired by a short film called Cupidon, made by some students. Seriously great work. Also, I wrote this for Takara Phoenix's contest. Hope you enjoy! Target Practice Nico di Angelo was currently eating a ham sandwich and watching the bustling New York crowds below him from his perch on a rooftop. His bow and arrows sat next to him, as far away as Nico could put them. He could throw them over the edge of the building, but they'd just reappear on his back. Fucking annoying. Nico leaned back and let the sunlight warm his face, enjoying a rare moment of peace. His dark brown eyes slipped closed without his permission. Ever since he'd be cursed as the new Cupid he'd hardly had any time to relax, let alone sleep. His last nap had been almost two weeks ago, and even then it'd just been a few hours. Immortality was the only reason Nico was still breathing. Ding! Nico groaned and fumbled for his smartphone in his skinny jeans pocket. He peeled his eyes open reluctantly and swiped his thumb over the screen to see a new email alert. Great. A new couple. Moment of peace now over. Yawning, Nico sat up and read the new assignment displayed on the screen. Annabeth Chase, a pretty blonde girl with calculating gray eyes. She was seventeen, according to her chart and liked reading, architecture, and sparing. Then there was Percy Jackson, a sixteen year old male who enjoyed blue food, long walks on the beach, and fencing. He had messy black hair and bright green that reminded Nico of the ocean. At a 96% success rate, they were the perfect couple. Nico snorted to himself before standing and pocketing his phone again. Love didn't exist. Not really. And it might seem like a bitter attitude, especially for a Cupid, but Nico should know better than anyone. He was the one who matched people, who made them feel the way they did. Before him it was the original Cupid, a true ass who liked to cause people pain. Or at least, liked to cause Nico pain. Nico slipped the arrows over his shoulder and grabbed the bow, searching for the two people he'd have to shoot. He could feel that they were near him, but it was hard to see because of the amount of people below him. They all looked the same: dark clothes and hurried walks to get nowhere important. There! Nico spotted the male target standing near a crosswalk with a bunch of his fellow New Yorkers. He kept tapping his foot and glancing at his watch- must be late for something. Nico plucked a single arrow and lined it up to Percy. As long as the matching arrow would hit the girl then they'd see each other and fall in love and blah, blah, blah. He aimed and let the arrow fly. The arrow hit its mark on the boy's back. He jerked and clapped a hand where the arrow had pierced him, but Nico knew he wouldn't feel or see it. He stood there, even when the light turned green and the other people walked on. Part One complete. The girl was heading in the other direction, Nico noticed. She was easier to find because of her gleaming blonde hair, even if most of it was hidden under a blue baseball cap. Nico reached behind him for the other arrow and- "Ouch!" Nico pulled his hand back to inspect his fingers and saw something that made his heart stop. Blood. He'd nicked his finger on one of the arrows. He fell to his knees and spilled the contents of his quiver, frantically searching for the arrow that had cut him. Het let out a cry of triumph when he found it. It had his blood on the tip and was blue just like- Nico groaned- the one one he'd shot Percy with. He had to get the other arrow before it dissolved otherwise it would be permanent. Nico clambered to the edge of the building praying to whatever god he could think of that Percy would still be where Nico had left him. He was. Percy was standing near the curb, looking so much like a lost puppy that Nico wasn't sure whether to laugh or feel guilty. But wait. The arrow. It was- "No, no, no!" Nico launched himself off the building toward Percy, distantly thankful for the power of flight even if he didn't use it much. He crashed right into the boy with an audible "umph!" and they both went tumbling onto the sidewalk. "Who, wha-" Percy gasped, green eyes wide. Nico ignored him for now and ran his hands over Percy's back for the arrow that had to be there, dammit . Nico's hands hit nothing but air. Desperate, he turned to his quiver that had materialized on his back sifted through it for the matching blue arrow. It wasn't there. "Are you fucking kidding me?" Nico snarled. Really? He'd been doing this same shit for around ninety years now and he makes such a rookie mistake! He had no idea what would happen to him or Percy, now that the arrow magic was in their bodies and not in Annabeth's as it should have been. "Who are you? And why are you sitting on me?" Nico froze. Almost afraid, Nico glanced down at the boy he was currently stradling. "You...you can see me?" Not possible. He hadn't be seen by a human in around ninety years. It was part of the Cupid curse. But then again, he did just shot himself when an arrow was meant for someone else. He had no idea what could happen now. "Well, of course I can." Percy beamed, green eyes bright with the effects of magic. Oh, no. Nico winced when he noticed the misty gaze Percy gifted him with. That he knew all too well. It was the look the marks gave each other after they'd been shot. Obviously, the arrow was doing its thing on Percy, but oddly enough Nico didn't feel anything. His cut had even healed. Maybe it was a Cupid thing. "You didn't answer me. What's your name?" Percy reached upwards and dragged his thumb over Nico's cheek. As if burned, Nico flinched and leapt off Percy, head downcast to hide his eyes. "The name's Nico. I'm sorry if I hurt you." "No, you didn't." Percy stood too and pushed Nico's dark curls away from his face, smiling softly. "My name's Percy. And I was wondering," His face flushed, "If you would like to, I don't know, get some coffee or something?" He bit his lip and looked up at Nico hopefully. Hesitant, Nico nodded, thinking he should probably keep an eye on the boy just in case- well, anything really. Ding! Nico glanced down at the pocket where his phone was being held. Percy followed his gaze and rose an eyebrow. "You gonna get that?" Nico slowly shook his head. "No. I don't think I will." He reached inside and turned off the device for the first time in nearly a century. … Fifty-seven new emails. That was the amount of people he'd have to match in order to make up for the time he'd spent with Percy. He set to work immediately after they went their separate ways, flying all over the world and shooting people with his arrows. There were no mistakes this time; Nico didn't want to know what would happen if he somehow managed to cut himself again. When his inbox was finally empty again, Nico collapsed on the same rooftop from a few hours ago. Night had fallen, but the summer air kept the chill away. Not that Nico could feel it anyway, even though all he wore now was a pair of black skinny jeans and a T-shirt for some band he never heard of. Ding! Nico positively moaned when he heard that sound. His muscles ached from flying all day, his eyes hurt from lack of sleep, and he was tired of doing the same thing. Still, he took his cell from his pocket and checked the screen for his new assignment. New Text: Percy J. hey handsome. wht ya doin? Nico blinked. That wasn't a new email. He stared at the device in his hand as though it might eat him, all exhaustion gone. Then he started typing a reply so fast his fingers were almost a blur. hey percy. im just hanging out. His lips quirked at his own inside joke as he glanced at his dangling feet. New Text: Percy J. me 2. watchin movie w leo. Right. Nico remembered Percy telling him about his best friend, Leo, the younger boy with ADHD. Though, before Nico could respond there was already a new text. New Text: Percy J. well im watching. leos doodling on my leg. Nico laughed in a loud burst and then clapped a hand over his mouth, as though someone would hear him. He went back to his phone. oh yea? wht is it? New Text: Percy J. it might b a unicorn. New Text: Percy J. or dolphin. New Text: Percy J. leo says its a dragon. New Text: Percy J. hes offended i didnt no Nico hunched over his phone as he typed. use yur dyslexia as excuse. New Text: Percy J. he bout it. New Text: Percy J. its weird but i really want 2 c u. can we get 2gether l8er? It was the arrow magic. Nico knew this. It was the only reason Percy could want him around. But he still couldn't help the flutter in his stomach that he was being looked for . Besides, it was best to keep Percy close. For his own protection, of course. Nico sent him a single word. yes. ... Two weeks passed since Nico's mistake. He and Percy talked every day, whether it was in person or just on the phone. The arrow's magic showed no signs of wearing off on Percy and Nico suspected it was even beginning to take effect on himself. Maybe the magic was slower on Nico because he was a Cupid. Or something. To Nico's surprise and delight, as more time passed people could see, hear, and touch him, as though he was mortal again. Before the Cupid curse. Percy always looked at him oddly, but Nico said hi to everyone he met just because they could say it back. And though this was a new development, Nico still received assignments that he had to do at the end of the day. It wasn't as bad as it had been before, but Nico still thought it was tedious work. It started to sting a bit more too. Watching people fall in love, and then having to return to the rooftop he began to call home, knowing in the back of his mind that he could never have what they did. "Hey, Nico!" Nico turned and saw Percy running toward him, overly excited as usual. He practically jumped him, sending them both crashing to the ground like they had when they first met. Nico had to keep repeating ' Arrow magic, arrow magic ' in his mind whenever they were together, because whenever he saw that bright grin aimed his way he kept forgetting. "Hey, Percy." Nico wrapped his arms around Percy's waist while Percy perched on Nico's pelvis. Percy beamed down at him. "I want you to meet my friends. There's a pool party tonight. Want to go?" The only thing missing from Percy's appearance was a wagging tail. Nico gave him a lopsided grin. "Sure." Was it even possible to say no? They headed to Dudley pool downtown where apparently Percy's friends were waiting. They'd rented the area for themselves for