Katniss : "Primrose Everdeen." There must have been some mistake. This can't be happening. Prim was one slip of paper in thousands! Her chances of being chosen so remote that I'd not even bothered to worry about her. Hadn't I done everything? Taken the tesserae, refused to let her do the same? One slip. One slip in thousands. The odds had been entirely in her favor. But it hadn't mattered. Just like Peeta. Somewhere far away, I can hear the crowd murmuring unhappily as they always do when a twelve-year-old gets chosen because no one thinks this is fair. And then I see her, the blood drained from her face, hands clenched in fists at her sides, walking with stiff, small steps up toward the stage, passing me, and I see the back of her blouse has become untucked and hangs out over her skirt. It's this detail, the untucked blouse forming a ducktail, that brings me back to myself. "Prim," my scream echoes off the sympathetic faces surrounding the square. I feel his eyes on me but I don't stop. "Prim," I push through the crowd and into the aisle. Prim has just reached the stairs. Two peacekeepers take my arms to hold me back, they assume I would try to stop her. People have tried in the past, usually it's the parents. A fight makes for a good show, so they don't hold too hard. I'm easily able to pull away but I know the only way to keep her safe, and it isn't trying to fight. "I volunteer!" I screech. "I volunteer!" From the corner of my eye I can see Peeta jump from his seat but I know Haymitch will stop him from doing anything stupid. Right now, all I'm focused on is getting Prim away from the stage. "I volunteer as tribute." My voice is loud and devoid of fear. I don't care what happens to me, I won't let Prim suffer the atrocities Peeta went thru. I'm by Prim's side in a moment, putting my body in between my baby sister and the stage. Between her and a certain death. "Prim, go find Mom." "No," she cries, latching herself onto me. "Prim, go find Mom, it's going to be okay, go find Mom." I repeat. She needs to go. I need her away from here. Her arms are ripped from my waist. I look up, expecting to see the mask of a peacekeeper but instead find my gorgeous blue eyes. "Up you go, Katniss." The resignation in his voice is haunting. I nod once. I hear Prim crying and begging me not to but I know she's safe with Peeta. The peacekeepers will trust a victor to keep from interfering with the ceremony. I stop the tremors threatening to shake my body and climb the stairs. Effie Trinket is hardly containing her excitement. Having a victor last year and now a volunteer. She asks me for my name although she already knows it. Everyone knows my name, I'm the girl Peeta Mellark fought so hard to get home to. This has the Capital's thumbprints all over it. Prim had stolen everyone's heart during the Friends and Family interviews last year. I doubt they imagined I would volunteer, but they weren't going to complain. Effie continues to exclaim how excited she is to have District 12's first volunteer. My eyes find Peeta and Prim still standing at the bottom of the stage, although he has moved them back and off to the right. Prim is quietly crying into his shirt while Peeta whispers to her. I can only imagine what he is saying. When she asks for a round of applause, not one person claps. But slowly, everyone brings their right hands to their mouths and kisses three fingers before raising them in the air. It's a gesture we use at funeral or when you're sending off something precious. It's strange how different my life has been ever since Peeta's Interview before his own games. And volunteering for Prim seemed to only reaffirm that bond. I wasn't just someone who was tolerated by my family, I was something to my district now. Something more than just a tribute. If I die, I know Peeta will protect my family. His Victor Compensation is more than enough to provide for them and Gale will bring them game from the woods. At the thought of my best friend I search the crowds for him. It doesn't take long before I find him. He has moved to the edge of the aisle and is staring intently at me. He gives me a nod. It's a signal. We've had a pact ever since we were kids that if one of us was ever called, we would take care of the others family. We would make sure they knew were to go to say goodbye, be there to support each other thru the games. . . and if we didn't make it home, to make sure they didn't starve. I see movement on the stage and realize the boy has already been chosen. I had missed his name. He's small, probably the same age as Prim. And he's already crying. Effie tells us to shake hands and he wipes his nose before reaching out. I barely hesitate to shake his snot-covered hand, he's just scared, I remind myself. I can't help but wonder if he had any brothers who had been eligible to volunteer for. But then, what I did was an abnormality. Family ties only went so far on reaping day. I could see Peeta mouthing words to me but was too far away too hear or see them. But it still helped comfort me because I knew he would be there throughout this mess. Then we're being ushered towards the doors of the Justice Building. I'm led into a room with a similar design as Peeta's drawing room. I want nothing more than to be in the safety of his arms right now but I push those thoughts away and find my inner huntress. I'm going to need her if I plan on getting back to my family. The doors open and my mother and sister rush in. I take them both in a hug. "Im okay. Im fine." I reassure them and myself. I pull back and then kneel down in front of Prim. "Don't take anything from them, Prim. It's not worth putting your name in more times. Sell the cheese from your goat. Gale will still bring you meat. And Peeta will take care of anything else, okay?" "You can hunt." Her voice is scratchy from her earlier tears. "Yeah." I whisper. "You could win. Like Peeta." I nod my head and wrap her in a hug. I look up at my mother and then detangled myself from Prim . "You can't check out again. Not like when dad died. You're all she has left. You have to be there for her. Do you understand." "Yes," my mother whispered. "Don't cry." I demand. I hug her just as the doors open again. "No," Prim sobs and tries to grab me but she's pulled out the door with my mother. It slams shut, leaving me in silence. Not two seconds later, Gale appears. He wraps his arms around me immediately. "You can win this, Catnip." "I don't know how." I mumble into his shoulder. "Mellark will show you. You get to a bow—" "They might not have a bow," I interrupt. "They will if you show them how good you are. They just want a good show, that's all. You'll already be a Capital favorite." He shook me a little. "You can win this. You know how to hunt." "Animals." "It's no different, Katniss." "Yes it is," I argue, thinking about Peeta's nightmares, his flashbacks, his regrets. "They think. They breathe. They move. They have families of their own. There's twenty four of us, Gale, and only one comes out." "Yeah, and it's gonna be you." The door opens and the peacekeepers try to pull him out like they did my family. But unlike Prim he's able to give me one last hug before another peacekeepers comes and they both drag him out. "Hey, I'll see you soon." He says as the door closes. I wait a few more minutes, thinking that my visitors are done. Peeta is the only other person I really care about and the mentors are waiting at the train station. It's the first year District 12 will ever have more than one. So the next time the door opens, I'm surprised to say the least to see Mr Mellark. We still trade squirrels but other than that, I have no real connection to him. Peeta's witch of a mother basically threw a party when his name was called. When he returned that first night, she had attempted to raise her hand against him in anger. Well, let's just say Peeta made clear she would never touch him again. Although Peeta saw his family in passing, they've never been the same. "Katniss." "Mr. Mellark." "I wanted to thank you," my head snapped up. That was certainly not what I was expecting. "When Peeta came home from the games, he had an altercation with my wife. I'm ashamed to say I let her keep me from my own son when he needed us most but I did. You were there for him. He loves you." I looked away at that admission. Peeta and I, while we have gotten close, have yet to use that word. Actually, Peeta hasn't used it since his first interview. There were plenty of times when he hinted at it, but he knew not to push me. "I would also offer to keep an eye on the girl." That startled me. "But between Hawthorne and my son, I doubt she will want for much. Nevertheless, I'm going to ask you to come home." "Why?" "Peeta's been through enough, even before the games," he got that look of shame again. "He deserves to find happiness." With that he turned and left, he didn't even wait until the peacekeepers came. As I waited for anyone else to come, I noticed a bag on the table next to where he was standing. It had the bakery logo on it. I looked inside and found around a dozen freshly baked sugar cookies. They were my favorite because each cookie had a different design on them, usually done by my favorite Mellark. I couldn't help but get a little tight throated when I fully took in the baker's actions. These cookies sold for a pretty penny in the bakery, for him to give me a dozen, well, let's just hope the witch doesn't find out. My next visitor was also unexpected. Madge Undersee, the mayors daughter, and I had been sitting at the same lunch table for a few years. Yet we rarely partook in any vivid conversations that are necessary for a strong friendship. "Hello Madge." I say politely. "Katniss, I have a favor to ask of you." I raise an eyebrow. I'm going into the hunger games and she has a favor. She holds out her hand. "It was my aunts." In her hand is a small golden pin. It has a circular band around the outside and a strange bird in the center. It was delicate without being fragile. And in the beak of the bird was an arrow. I noticed then that the bird was a Mockingjay. They were song birds but the stories behind them was what was remarkable. During the dark days, the Capital created Jabberjays to copy plans from the rebels and they were able to report back with the information. When the rebels began to feed false information through the Jabberjays, the Capital quit keeping them, sending them out to die off, since there was no way for them to reproduce. That was when the birds did