1. A meeting with the headmaster Headmaster Severus Snape rubbed his creased, tired brow and glanced down at his list of pupils, sighing, 25 down 15 to go he thought. Until he realised the identity of the next pupils and what that would mean for the identity of the parents. Right on time there was a knock on the office door and a red headed woman in her early thirties peered round, "Mrs Potter to see you about James and Albus, professor?" the vaguely familiar voice questioned. "Headmaster now, Miss Weasley… er Mrs Potter, come in have a seat". To the headmaster's eyes Ginevra Weasley had not changed much over the years, her hair was still flame red, her eyes a bright blue, still disgustingly feminine, despite being slender and athletic in build. Trudging in, shyly clinging to her mother's robe skirts, was Ginevra junior, in all respects, save the famous green, jewel like eyes. The child immediately clambered into her mother's lap and pretended to be invisible, the similarities in temperament between father and daughter, were not lost on Severus. Once settled, Severus dispensed with the pleasantries involving tea and enquiries into her 'fascinating' career, coaching the all women's Hollyhead Harpies. There was another knock at the door and a barked "come" from the headmaster saw, the third year mini Potter, James, brazenly stride in and flop into the chair next to his mother and the more tentative approach of the first year, Albus, fortunately, with a lesser resemblance to the older version, left the remaining chair empty and instead lent against Ginevra's chair. Once mother had fussed and pecked over said offspring, Severus got down to addressing the hippogryff in the room. "Are we expecting a Mr Potter?" Ginevra sniffed and looked affronted,"supposedly, but you never know, something far more "important" may have come up" Severus tempered down his smirk at this gem of information trouble in paradise, Potter Severus cheered inwardly. Outwardly Severus attempted to remain neutral, "Well, being head auror must, come with its challenges" he reasoned, Ginevra rolled her eyes, as if to say I've heard it all before "Anyway, let's not hang around waiting for him, how are my boy's getting a long?". Severus pulled up James' grades and detention record and cleared his throat, time to practise his headmasterly tact, how do you tell a parent her child is a hot headed, show off, who is squandering his moderate intelligence by wasting his time with girls and infernal quidditch? "James, shows potential in charms, transfiguration and defence, however several missed assignments and general distraction in lessons, is causing him not to live up to this", there was a quiet snort from James and Ginevra glared sideways at him. "You could be talking about his father there" she admitted with a wry smile, Severus couldn't help but agree. "James is showing skill as a chaser for Gryffindor" he admitted, "however if his grades don't pick up, Professor Granger may be forced to take him off the team to focus on class work" James looked on in horror as Ginevra gave him a stern look "James, I expect you to be mature enough to realise that fooling around in class and not completing your work is not going to get you anywhere, and I will fully support Aunt Hermione in removing you from the team." James glared for a moment and then bowed his head looking shame faced, it seemed channelling Molly Weasley worked just as well on this generation as the last. "Moving on to Albus" Severus said nodding to the other Slytherin in the room, who seemed to be doing as good a job as his sister in the 'I'm invisible' act. Just then there was a sharp knock at the door, that was flung open immediately, without waiting for a response. In a whirlwind of energy and chaos, Mr Potter came charging in, glancing at his children, then wife and then up at the headmaster, guiltily "So sorry" he panted "really sorry, something came up…. Ministry business, what have I missed?". Lilly jumped up "Daddy!" and flung herself across the room "pumpkin" Potter picked up and spun the child and held her aloft "Daddy's missed you". This was new thought Severus, didn't these two live under the same roof? One look at Ginevra and Severus could see a picture painted of one disgruntled wife, 'yep definitely something going on there'. Why Severus cared so much, was beyond him, but he didn't dwell on it, except to notice husband and wife barely acknowledged each other. Potter hoisted the girl onto one hip grinned at Albus and ruffled James' already rumpled hair. Before Potter sat down, Severus couldn't help appreciate the vision Potter made in his auror robes, just short of knee high, dragon hide boots, with the form fitted gray trousers tucked in. The robe was buttoned over the top of his chest, showing, his still lithe and agile body. The robe flared open at the waist and the longer back, trailed down to rest above his firm back side. 'Mmm' Severus thought, 'Potter really has grown up well'. Clearing his throat, and surreptitiously his mind of slightly heated imagery, Severus continued the meeting. "Right so, Albus" he smirked across at the boy, the youngest male Potter, was actually becoming one of his favourites to teach, "Your grades are exemplary, especially, shall I say in potions, you show real promise, no detentions as of yet and no missed assignments" James snorted, Ginevra gushed pride and Albus went bright red and seemed to find his school shoes even more interesting than before. "Atta' boy Al" Potter praised "where do you think he gets this from, Gin?" he remarked. Ginevra seemed to forget herself for a moment and laughed "damned if I know" until she realised and her expression blanked and she looked away again. Potter's grin died too and he looked back at Severus. "Well keep up the good work Albus, and James, I hope we can get these grades back on target before next term. If there are no questions, I think that'll be all for this meeting" at Ginevra and Potter shaking their heads, "It was nice seeing you, Mr Potter, Mrs Potter, boys" Severus said nodding his head at each individually, he toyed with addressing the youngest but felt he could save terrorizing that one for another two years. When his office was empty once more, the headmaster leant back to reflect. If he was the type he could make a fortune selling that little story to the daily profit "golden couple's idealistic life, crumbling around them?". But alas, he wouldn't do that, what was for certain though was he was certainly looking forward to the next term's parent's evening. What Severus didn't know was, he would be witness to the Potter's soap opera, sooner than he realised. 2. A failing marriage Once the boys had headed back to their respective common rooms, Ginny and Harry wandered back down the path leading out of the Hogwart's grounds. "Snape's sure mellowed" he mentioned, "yeah" Ginny agreed "I guess he's head now and there's not a war on" she shrugged. Harry had found himself intrigued by the headmaster, familiar but not the same. Somehow, he was human, now, Harry found himself wondering about Snape, did he have friends, hobbies, a favourite food? Having known him for seven of his most formative years, Harry found himself at a loss for any of these details. It didn't occur to him that he didn't know these things about any of his other former professors. Now at the gates to Hogwarts, Lilly was soundly asleep in her father's arms. Ginny looked up at her husband, "are you joining us at home this evening?" Harry didn't miss the spite behind the words, Ginny wasn't hiding the fact she resented his career, distancing him from her and his homelife. "Just got to nip back to the office and finish up a report, be back in an hour" Harry hoped this compromise would be enough, "Fine" Ginny huffed, grabbed her daughter and apparated away. "Don't wait up" Harry muttered, before he too disapparated. Harry didn't make it back that night, another group of aurors had arrived back from an undercover assignment and the results hadn't been good. It appeared the neo-death eater movement had got their hands on a large source of income and were steadily recruiting for their cause. Harry grabbed a pepper-up and settled in for a night of interrogations. The next time he saw his wife, was even more unpleasant then the last. "You're moving, where!?" Ginny shouted, "Look Ginny, moving is a strong word, staying for a short period of time, would be more appropriate" "you have a family Potter, your daughter never sees you, I feel like a single parent already and now you're not even going to be sleeping at home!" "Ginny, it's an important job, children's lives and futures could be at stake" Harry didn't want to also point out, that he never slept at home anyways. "You have your own child's future to care about Harry, not the entire population of Hogwarts as well!". After a second's pause, Ginny's angry scowl softened and Harry was about to sigh with relief, until Ginny turned calculating "Fine, Lilly and I are coming with you". Harry wasn't sure why this didn't make him happy, it really was the perfect solution, Ginny's team were on break until the spring and Lilly's home tutor, could just as easily visit her there as at their home in North Wales. "Right" Harry fake smiled "I'll let the headmaster know there'll be three of us to put up". With that he strode away from the front desk at the ministry and back towards his office. It had been decided that somebody needed to go undercover at the school, to look into the neo's recruitment, and who better than the famous boy who lived, as a guest defense professor and dueling coach. Hiding in plain sight, they were going with. To keep up with this ruse, Harry was given his own room in the castle, which now he had the 'joy' of sharing with his wife and daughter. Harry realised now, he'd not spent a night in the same quarters as his wife for over two months. He hadn't quite had the introspection to figure out why. 3. Back to the old Dinner in the great hall never seemed to change, despite the new faces in the crowd and along the teacher's bench. The ceiling still shone with stars, the golden plates still magically filled with vast assortments of food and the inane, excitable chatter was still present throughout the meal. Harry had missed this, missed a simpler time when he had no family commitment, when the ministry were a faraway nuisance not expecting him to be at their constant beck and call, he missed not being responsible and in charge of an entire ministry department. He certainly didn't miss the evil snake face bastard that was trying to kill him throughout his teenage years, but he did long for the simpler times. That was perhaps why, Harry mused, he was disappointed his family commitment had followed him here. For once he had hoped to forget and pretend, just for a little bit. At that moment, Lilly reached across his lap with a gravy dripping fork, towards, the mash potato, and Harry found his robes thoroughly doused in the brown, gloopy substance. Harry loved his daughter and his other children, they were what he was most proud of in the world, however, with the stresses of having to find and infiltrate a ring of recruiting neo's and passing himself off as a credible professor, the last thing he needed was a meat based shower. Excusing himself, Harry left the table, missing Ginny's scowl and Lilly's hurt eyes, if daddy had been listening he would have heard her repeatedly ask for the