I slowly awaken as the soft rays of the rising sun break through the windows of our tiny home. Next to me my two sisters are still fast asleep. One lies at my side, while the younger sister sleeps at the foot of the bed nearest to where our mother sleeps. Ever since the death of our father, my sisters and I have all slept near each other to comfort one another from our nightmares that occur on a daily basis. Our father died two years ago. My father and I were out selling fruit to some people, an illegal action, when our strict District 11 Peacekeepers caught us. They planned on killing me to torture my father for our actions, but he sacrificed himself to let me live. The peacekeepers took my father in their control as they held onto me so I could not flee but only be forced to watch my father die at my feet. Now every night those images of my father's horrendous death keep me up for hours and only subside to my sisters' soothing touch as they comfort me back to sleep. But on this early morning everything seems to be peaceful here in District 11. The Mockingjays are up and singing, the flowers are already opening back up for the day, and nothing seems like it could go wrong. Except for the fact that it is Reaping Day, one of the most dreaded days throughout the twelve districts. We have plenty of time before we have to get ready for the so-called ceremony so I decide to let my sisters and mother sleep longer. Meanwhile, I scoop up our calico cat, Blossom, and sneak outside to bask in the warm sunlight that is already radiating in the early morning glow. When I'm not working in the orchards, I spend most of my time with either my sisters or with Blossom. I feel a special connection between Blossom now more then ever on this dreaded day. As I sit under the tree in front of our house thinking about what may occur today, I hear the squeaking of our old battered front door as my younger sister Skylar joins me outside asking this as she makes her way over to me ,"May, it's early. What are you doing out here by yourself?" I respond to her question with a shrug and a simple response of "I couldn't get back to sleep." We sat in the silence just listening to the Mockingjays sing their morning songs as I continue to think of the days' events and what may happen to my sisters or I. Reaping Day is a day that all children twelve to eighteen ,along with their families, dread as it is the day where one girl and one boy from all twelve districts are chosen by random to be sent into an arena to, bluntly put, fight to their death. Blossom jumps out of my arms, bringing me back to reality, to chase after a butterfly that had caught her attention. I think to myself how beautiful that butterfly is, yet how quickly it can be destroyed and killed by one swoop of Blossom's paw. Very much like what the Capitol does to innocent children on Reaping Day. Within a minute Blossom had batted the butterfly out of thin air without any warning of the sudden death to the butterfly. Out of the corner of my eye I see my mother's head pop out of the doorway indicating for Skylar and I to come inside to eat. Skylar stands up and offers her hand to help me up but I tell her go ahead of me. "I'll be inside in a few minutes. I'm going to catch Blossom and bring her inside." Skylar heads indoors while I get up, clicking my tongue to catch the attention of Blossom to get her to come to me. After a few minutes, Blossom comes sauntering over to me and I swoop her up and bring her inside. Once in the house I notice that my mother, Skylar, and my youngest sister Peyton are already seated at the table, patiently waiting for me to sit down. Peyton speaks up first, breaking the silence that filled the air. "I noticed that Blossom took down a butterfly today!" I look up at Peyton and see a hint of amusment in her eyes. "Yeah, She caught the butterfly completly off guard and took it down in one swoop" I reply with excitement and hand motions that make Peyton and Skylar giggle. Even on Reaping Day, Peyton can still manage to make us all giggle and it's impossible to stay quiet for long when she is around. Though we all shared a laugh there is still a very tense feeling that lingers in the room and I know that my family is hiding their worries and anticipation for the upcoming event later today. Since we are of a poorer status here in our district, setting food on the table has always been a hard task, but the task got even harder after our father passed away. In order to support our family more, I took extra hours of work in the orchards and even had to take tessarae. With taking tessarae, our family gets a supply of grains and oil, but in turn of getting the extra food, my name has been placed into the Reaping Day bowl numerously. This means that I have a higher chance of being picked to be sent into the arena than my sisters. The fact that I may have a higher chance of being picked then anyone else in our district worries not only my mother and sisters, but myself as well. After we finish our meal in silence we all head to the small room that we all share and pick out the nicest clothes that we own, which isnt much, to put on for the day. My mother goes to her own closet and takes out a beautiful light pink dress and hands it to me to wear. I stand shocked for this is the nicest thing she owns. "Are you sure I can wear this, mother?" and she replies back with "of course." We all put on our best dresses and then mother braids all of our hair. As the time nears for the ceremony to begin, the tension in the house grows as it does every year on this day. When it's time to make our way over to the Justice Building, the walk is eerily quiet. Once at the Justice Building, I give my sisters and mother a hug then we all seperate to take our place in our designated areas. Mother off to the sides and Peyton with the 13 year olds. Skylar joins the 15 year olds, and I make my way over to the 17 year olds. I try to keep a calm composure as we all wait for the emcee to draw the names out of the bowl after the speel of the Hunger Games ceremonies. As she reaches into the great glass bowl and takes out a paper, the world around me stopped short in its tracks as everyone in the square holds their breath in anticipation. "Mayzie Summers!" rings out throughout the square and hits me straight in the heart once I realize that it truly was my name they called. I walk to the stage trying to keep calm and be brave for my family's sake. Though when I looked out into the crowd I noticed that my sisters had already found each other and were trying to comfort one another as reality hit them. The boy tribute's name was chosen shortly after. Dilon Ravent. This is who I am going to be with throughout the whole proccess of events leading up to the games. I don't know him very well, though I hardly know anyone in the district outside of my family. Having grown up with my dad, playing in the orchards all day, I never spent time trying to make friends at school. So of course on Reaping Day nobody was there to volunteer. This isn't a shock though because here in District 11, volunteers are rare. Keeping a calm and emotionless face when chosen as tribute is one of the hardest things to do. I kept getting glances of my mother and sisters, their faces already stained with tears, as they huddled together comforting each other. They made us stand on stage for what seemed like an eternity, then we were dissmissed to go inside the Justice Building to say our goodbyes. Shockingly, my first visitor was a girl my age. I didn't recognize who she was. The mysterious girl walked up to me, tears in eyes. "You're very brave Mayzie. You may not recognize me but I always used to watch your father and you play in the orchards all the time when we were younger. And I just had to say goodbye to you. I just wanted to let you know that I wish i was as strong as you." I look back at her confused. "Strong? I don't think I'm that strong." She giggled and replied back, "You're very brave for stepping up to the plate after your father died and being able to be calm on the stage, you seemed unmoved. I wouldve been a mess." I smile. "Thanks. I've learned that in order to keep my family more together, I have to keep calm. Losing my head over stuff like that in public, isn't going to help anything. What's your name, by the way?" "My name is Tilly." I sat there trying to remember if I knew a Tilly from the orchards but before I had more time to think, a peacekeeper came in and escorted her out. The only other visitors that came to say goodbye was my loving family. I sat on the couch holding back the tears as well as I could but as soon as my sisters and mother wrapped their arms around me in a group hug, the tears flowed down all of our cheeks. My sister, Skylar, could barely get the words "Please..try your best to fight and stay alive" out before another round of tears came out. My mother looked at me lovingly for a long time before saying, "Your father would've wanted to say to do your best in the arena and that no matter what happens, as long as you do your best, we will be proud of you for making it that far. No matter where you make it to." I sit there not able to find words to describe how scared, nervous, and stunned I am that in a week or so I will be placed into an arena where 23 other tributes will be out to kill me, possibly never to see my family again. I hugged my mother tightly, never wanting to let go whispering "Mommy, I'm scared" and "I don't want to go" over and over while tears stream down my face and turn into sobs. My mother strokes my hair and says, "I know you are honey. And none of us want you to go, but unfortunately there's nothing more we can do." Peyton, who has been silent up til this moment said, "May, we will be rooting for you the whole journey. From the parade to the games, just know that we believe in you and want you to do your best." At this moment, a peacekeeper comes in and announces that it is time for them to leave. I give my family one more round of hugs and kisses with numerous "I love yous" before they leave. After they are gone I fling myself onto the couch sobbing uncontrollably into the pillows. After the round of goodbyes are over, the district 11 escort comes over and helps me out to the train station. She helps make it