This a Bellice story. It is also FUTA. So if you don't like that, don't read it. Most of the characters will be werewolves, they have a few differences from the norm of that species, but you'll find out more as you read. Alice is the daughter of her packs Alpha and is forced to mate with the Alpha(Bella) of another pack for the sake of an alliance between the two packs. I'm writing it from Alice's point of view. This chapter is rated M for sex. The whole story is actually M, so if you are underage skip the story or the part after Alice gets into the shower. I own nothing. Chapter 1 My future I lay beside her staring blankly at the ceiling. The deed was done, we were mated. It didn't matter that I had no love for her or she for me. Pack alliances are more important than actual feelings, or so I've been told. Still it was small comfort right now, as I felt so heartbroken. I'm sure that if I dared look at my side, I'd find the most mesmerizing green eyes staring at me, full of pity and regret. I didn't need or want any compassion from her. She was as forced into it as I was. I at least I think she is. I've been going back and forth with it the whole night. One moment I looked at her and knew she was following through out of obligation and the next I couldn't comprehend why someone so powerful would follow any one else's orders. She is an Alpha after all! She should have said no. All in all I paid little to no mind to the woman, who now I have to call mate. I spend the whole evening putting up an emotionless mask to appease everyone around me, but now that it has all come to an end, I felt the mask slip leaving the hurt little girl under it exposed, alone and hurt. No. I wouldn't let myself cry. Not in front of her. I am a werewolf, a big strong wolf, not a scared little puppy, who cries in front of their mate. That's it big breaths. In and out. In and out. In and out. Despite my best efforts a stupid tear still managed to escape from them and roll down my cheek. It didn't escape from her watchful eye thought, she was quick to catch it with the tip of her finger. She kept her hand on my cheek, caressing me softly, gently like she held a delicate porcelain doll between her fingers. "I'm so sorry Alice." She whispered ever so softly, I pretend I didn't hear her or the sadness in her voice. Instead I kept staring at the ceiling, as if counting the wooden boards would somehow stop me from breaking down. What the hell is apologizing for anyway? Mating with me? The inevitable pain of the first time? Or for the fact that I am now bound to her for the rest of my life, despite my love for another? Perhaps she was sorry for all of those. Maybe she was sorry because she too loved someone else, maybe this was as tragic for her as it was for me. Or maybe she just didn't like me and felt sorry she'd have to spend the rest of her life bound to me. "I wish there was a way to make this better." She spoke softly again, as if to not disturb me, but she did. This time I couldn't ignore her. "You can't! It is what it is and no one can ever fix it." I felt a spike of anger deep inside me and clenched my teeth and fists. No good would come out of picking a fight with her, she is stronger. As I tried to suppress the anger along with everything else I felt, tears started trailing down my cheeks and this time I couldn't stop them. They were silent, angry tears not tears of sadness and weakness. At least that's what I told myself. I felt her arm slip around my waist drawing me closer to her and I let her, my cheek rested on her soft breasts and the tears falling from my eyes made a trail down her body. My vision was blurred and I was too tired and choked up to protest. She hummed and tried shushing me, her hand moving up and down my back in an attempt to provide comfort. To be honest being in her arms helped, the warmth emitting from her body and the sound of her heartbeat underneath my ear lulled me into a place of semi consciousness. I closed my eyes, tears still falling from them and let flashes of this peculiar day float into my mind. It was so difficult for me to grasp how much my life changed into a spam of a few hours. It was a beautiful autumn day, the sun was shining bright, no clouds in sight, and the ground was soft, the evidence of last night's heavy rainfall still obvious. Most of the young wolves spend it in the forest, taking advantage of the nice weather. One of those wolves was me and my best friend Jasper. We didn't even have to make plans, I knew that I'd go running from the moment I woke up and I knew he'd be at the edge of the woods waiting for me. It was like we were mentally coordinated; I guess that happens when you spend that much time with someone. We spend the whole morning in our wolf skins in absolute bliss. Running, tackling each other, me nuzzling his neck, him licking my face. Life couldn't get better. Or actually it could. Jasper and I have been best friends ever since we were pups, recently thought we became something more. He was already hinting of his desire to ask my father for permission, so that we could become mates and I couldn't hold back my excitement. I was almost nineteen and by now most of my friends were already mated. I was eager, no restless, to experience bonding with another. Wolves are by nature social creatures. We live to be part of a pack and we live for companionship. I've been told that having a mate is one of the most fulfilling feelings I'll ever get and I'm ready for it. I've already gone through four heat circles, my body was ready, my mind was ready. I was ready! Unfortunately my father didn't think so, because he hasn't chosen a mate for me yet. I naively thought he was waiting for me to find someone I liked, or fall in love first, but clearly that wasn't the case. While I'm sure my father loved me, he was first and foremost our Alpha and had to put the well-being of our pack before all else. Even before of his children. My older brother and sister had mated with packs to the north and south and with the sea at our back it was only east that an alliance was needed. So when Bella became the new Alpha of that territory, the Elders thought that a mating between the two packs was needed to ensure the continued peace and stability. It was after my morning with Jasper that I found out what was really going on. I was about to stop by my house grab a quick bite and head to the center park of our small community, where I could lounge with my girlfriends, talk about boys, make plans for a shopping spree and soak up as much sun as I could. The day was still young after all. It all came to an abrupt end thought, I could already tell that something was going on by the look on Peter's face, he was my father's second in command, and was outside of our house waiting for me, looking grim. "Alice your father needs to see you at the meeting hall." "Can't it wait? I have other plans." he shook his head for no. "It's urgent." There was a hint of something in his eyes that I couldn't decipher. With a slight sigh I gave up, threw a wave to Jasper and followed Peter, wondering why on earth my father would need to see me in that room. The meeting hall was a room in the Alpha house, our house, where all the pack meetings took place. Usually pack meetings were only attended by the Alpha and the Elders, everyone else didn't bother unless they had a good reason to. It wasn't as if their voice would be heard, our pack was a really traditional one, my father was an avid follower of the old ways. I think I've only been twice in there my whole life and I've been born and raised in this house. When we reached the room Peter opened the door for me, signaling me to go inside and closed it behind me after I did. I walked hesitantly into the room, wondering why he wouldn't come with too. Fortunately the room was full of people, meaning I wouldn't have to have a one on one with my father. It's not that I don't like talking to him, it's more that ever since I hit puberty our relationship was getting more awkward by the year. Looking around the room I was hit with a different range of emotions and voices. Excitement, worry, curiosity. Asserting the moods of others was a werewolf thing. My eyes scanned the small crowd. The Elders seemed excited and pleased as they chatted with a bunch of other older people, werewolves, who I've never seen before. My father was nodding enthusiastically and talking to a beautiful woman in her early twenties. Since this was the first time I ever saw her it took me a minute to study her, because I was taken aback by her good looks and I'm not a person to focus on someone's good looks! Honestly! Wow! She was as tall as my father or an inch shorter, at least six feet and powerfully built. Actually her whole being emanated power. I was instantly jealous of her height, but I was instantly jealous of almost anyone who was a lot taller than me. The woman had the body of an athlete; I think I could see her muscles ripping beneath her shirt as she nodded agreeing to whatever it was they were talking about. My eyes fell to her breasts for a few seconds, even those were bigger that mine. Damn you new girl! Long, dark, slightly messy hair fell onto her back and haloed a very pleasing heart-shaped face, with full lips and high cheekbones. Possibly sensing my eyes on her, she glanced my way and the greenest eyes I ever saw locked on mine. As I marveled at her out of the world eyes, she studied me from head to toe, just like I did with her, I noticed that her eyes lingered a moment too long on my breasts before they were back on my face. A strange feeling of excitement filled me immediately. It was a real ego boost to be checked out from someone like her. Seriously she was the kind of beautiful that made your self esteem take a hit just by being in the same room with you. Plus she had the whole dark hair, fair skin and green eyes going on for her. Once I stopped fanning over her good looks, I realized that we have been staring into each other's eyes for a few minutes now and my cheeks flushed immediately at her intense gaze. She flashed me a small smile, and for the first time I saw a hint of softness in her eyes, but it was quickly gone, as the girl turned her attention back to my father. I stayed in my