If there was one thing Percy enjoyed doing, it was reliving his first kill. It had been some odd years ago, maybe when he was twelve and his first victim had been his stepfather. There had been something about his stepfather that irked him and it wasn't until one day when he saw him raise his hand to his mother and she flinched that Percy finally saw it. His mother had been abused clearly, just as he had been from time to time. He thought if he could take it all on for his mother than she would never have to face that as he did. He had never been wrong; unaware of how many times or the frequency of his mother's abuse and only aware that it had been done. For a few short months, Gabe didn't know he knew. Percy preferred to keep it that way until he could exact his revenge on the sad excuse of a man. There was a lot Gabe didn't know that he knew, that a lot of people didn't think he knew and was always surprised when they came to learn of it. But he didn't get to where he was by merely sitting around on his ass waiting for something to drop in his lap like it was owed. Sitting on the top of a high building with his legs crossed and overlooking the city, his city, with his three companions, reliving his first kill was exactly what he did in that moment. Not only that time, but some certain instances over the years when some aspects of his life - his entire being - began to change. Percy reigned with the power he'd obtained and harnessed, most of it needing to be done in short periods of time, while learning to pull in his scent and the power that called to the monsters that lurked in every corner, in every shadow, in every form. 5 Years Ago. "Come on, brain boy. Going into the sea won't be that bad," his stepfather sneered at him. "You have to come with me, though. We promised we would try to get along more," Percy said hesitantly - so unlike his usual self when it came to Gabe. That was the point, though. Appear meek and almost submissive when he wasn't intent on Gabe coming back from this trip alive. He'd sworn to himself, for both his safety and his mother's, that this monster would not be coming back home with them. Dozens of monsters all around them in the world and Percy feared this one the most when he shouldn't. When Gabe didn't deserve that kind of power over him no matter what. Something that Percy could see whenever he turned when he heard a stranger growl at him in passing; he was different. He knew that. He wasn't as stupid as most people liked to believe. Surges of power that would thrum and course through him from time to time, mostly when his emotions were too high to be easily brought down from. Gabe gave a long-suffering sigh before he waddled his way over to Percy and stepped into the frigid water with a hiss. It wasn't too bad to the twelve-year-old and it helped him. Being in the sea would always put him at ease, always calmed him when he felt he needed it. Right now, Percy was anything but calm. He was shaking, and one might think it was from the waters, but it wasn't. Percy was going over everything - that could be recalled - that Gabe had said, the times he had been hit, and then everything was shifted to the way his mother had been treated when he wasn't around. How many times had she been hit? How many times had unkind words been said to her? How many times did she wish she could take him and run, but was too afraid to? The anger, resentment, hopelessness, it built at an alarming rate after all this time. It was like a dam waiting to break open and unleash a tide of fury and pain to deal damage to everything in its path. "Gabe?" Percy said, with an odd note of detachment. "What? I don't want to be standing here talking to you, or even be around. I'd rather be elsewhere." "Playing poker with your buddies and gambling is so much more important." "Listen here -" "No, you listen. I'm done trying to be nice to you, and I'm done taking your crap. I'm not your punching bag, I refuse to be something like that. But, you see, I could've dealt with all of that. Then you went and laid hands on my mother. That I can't excuse, you tub of lard," Percy sneered, turning to face the man. He steeled his nerves as a raw energy swirled inside of him, in the surrounding sea. He hoped his mother would stay inside cleaning the cabin for the remainder of what was surely about to happen. Percy was ready. He could evade, he could - Gabe's face contorted in rage, red and purple fighting for dominance on his features. Percy felt fear skitter up and down his spine as Gabe took three steps towards him. A wave flickered in front of his eyes, both because of his hopes and then a few seconds later an actual wave. As much as Percy was done with what Gabe had done, there was still that fear. Waves that brought Gabe down to his knees and to pin them to his sides. Curling. Growing. Churning. Could it be done? As easy as breathing with the way he felt? The answer was Yes, it could. With a cold smile settling into place, Percy said, "You changed me. I'm getting rid of you. See you in Hell." Percy cocked his head to the side, using his hands to move the water as he envisioned; sweeping over Gabe before pushing him down into the gentle current. He watched as Gabe gurgled sea water, thrashing around subtly with more water to quiet his struggle. As the minutes ticked away the less Gabe struggled until he lay still face down. Walking over, Percy shoved his foot against Gabe's ribcage, seeing the tide sweep him out into the vast expanse spread out before him. The tide retreated, sucking him further and further out and only when Gabe was too far out to see did the water lap at his feet. "Percy? Honey, where's your stepfather?" Sally came out from the cabin minutes later. Turning, Percy plastered on a look of confusion, praying it was believable. "He's not with you? He said he was going to go back inside, something about the water being too cold." It hadn't one of the goriest or best kills ever, but to Percy he felt a weight had been lifted off of his shoulders. A weight no child should ever need to bear. Sally reported him missing shortly after and they gave their statements. Percy claimed Gabe had went off without him while his mother had no knowledge of anything. It was much better that way. One month later Gabe washed up ashore missing a couple limbs and a chunk from his side with the teeth indentations of a shark. No foul play had been suspected, instead everyone was left thinking that maybe - after Percy told them he was known to be clumsy drinking - it had been done when Gabe was a little lost. Percy played it off as maybe Gabe left earlier than he assumed and got drunk pretty quick, considering it had been enough of a chore to get him to agree to come with Sally and Percy. Four Years Ago. "Stop it! Let me go!" A small voice cried out indignantly. It was coming from an alleyway that Percy was coming up to. He had some spare time after school, on his way home, actually, when he heard that voice. He didn't know who was from, of course, having never heard it before. "Nah. I don't think we will, little baby." Said a deeper, rougher voice. Peering around the corner he could see four figures down the alley: a boy - smaller than the rest - surrounded by three others that were jostling him around between the three of them. There was something different about the small boy, possibly a couple years younger than Percy himself. The streets weren't something a small child could brave easily on their own and successfully. Not without help until they learned the ways of the streets and did what it took. A sort of power that thrummed and hummed in the air, something that he had been acquainted with as of a year ago. Stalking deeper and deeper in the alley Percy thought at some point his eyes were deceiving him, but after a year he learned to listen to his instincts. They were currently telling him he had no reason to be afraid and to keep approaching like he would with anyone else. That's when it happened - one of the boys cocked a fist back and went to go swing when, out of the blue, a roaring fire flared outwards and swirled around the small boy. His eyes were wide as he fought to reign in his power as he watched his three tormentors as the smell of charred skin wafted in the air. It had Percy crinkling his nose for a second before the expression eased away. The fire didn't ebb. Percy strolled down the alley and whistled a slow tune to alert the other youth of his presence. "Stay back!" He said, eyes wide and full of fear, flickers of fire sparking in his brown eyes. "I don't want to hurt you, too." The boy had slightly pointed ears and elvish features with tanned skin. He was maybe a shade or two darker than Percy himself. He raised his hands, allowing his body and hands to trail through the fire with wisps of steam hissing and curling upwards from the initial point of contact. It was definitely warm against him and he willed the water from his bottle - which was in his opened backpack - to rise around him as more of a protective barrier as he eased closer to the frightened boy. Percy was just a boy himself and in a year he was getting better and better at controlling his gift. He hadn't had an incident since his stepfather - now ex-stepfather - and facing this boy had a thrill racing up and down his spine, enough to make him reconsider. "Please, I can't control it." He pleaded. "Can't you see I'm not afraid?" Percy smiled. "But -" "Try breathing in and out at first. You've already let your fear and anger explode, now it's your job to pull it back in," Percy came to a stop in front of the kid. "Calm yourself. I'm in no danger and there's no one else around. Calm now?" Percy asked once the fire began to waver, but did not fade. A nod. Slow and tentative. "Good. Now start working on envisioning the fire pulling back into your body. With each breath imagine you're pulling the flames in, little by little." Percy instructed, using the same method he had been working on. Finally the kid whimpered under Percy's instructions when they proved to be useful, as if the words were long-awaited advice. The flames would occasionally spurt right back out and try licking at Percy's skin or the buildings and cracked concrete. Minutes ticked by while the pyrokinetic fought for control, sweat beading down his face and neck. Once the flame diminished Percy tensed and helped steady the slightly exhausted pyrokinetic. "What's your name?" Percy enquired. "Leo Valdez." He hesitated. "Who are you? What are you?" "Percy Jackson. I'm opposite you. You control fire. I control water. Reminds me of the whole 'opposites attract' sort of thing. Basically