Authors Note: This is just a silly little one shot I had running around my head for some time and wanted to get out of it. I hope you like it! Veela "He isn't eating, again!" Harry mumbles during dinner starting to worry about the blond who is looking sick since the start of the year and getting worse every day. He started to watch him more closely once he noticed, which was during the welcoming feast and ever since Draco hardly seems to eat at all and Harry would bet everything he owns that he's about to faint from lack of nutrients any day now. Unless he's secretly eating something else when Harry can't watch him. "It probably just isn't up to his standard and his mother is still sending him packages every other day, he's fine. And anyway, who cares about the ferret?" Ron replies rolling his eyes. "Why do you even know?" Hermione questions "Please don't get obsessed with him again. You should talk with Ginny instead of obsessing about Malfoy. You know she's still hoping that you get back together with her and avoiding her won't change that." "But I'm not sure if I want to be with her or not." Harry replies "And it's not like I haven't talked to her since the war ended." "I know. But I also know that you bail the second she mentions anything about going out or dating." Hermione replies "And if you're unsure, you should think about that rather than if Malfoy is eating enough or not. Don't tell me you think he's up to something again because of that. What could he be up to anyway? The war is over!" "Don't be silly." Harry sighs "I doubt he could be up to anything the way he looks, and what kind of plan would starve himself be anyway? I just worry that he's sick." "Then send him to Pomfrey and get over it." Ron orders. "Hermione is right you should figure out if you want to date Ginny but if you do, don't get too close if you know what I mean." Harry just sighs and looks back to Malfoy who is sitting with Pansy, Blaise and Goyle and is moving some food around his plate but he's not eating anything. Later that evening Harry watches Draco with the Marauder's map from the safety of his bed and sees him wandering around. First, around the castle and later the grounds outside even though it's getting cold during the nights. He walks around for some time until he stops moving all of a sudden in the middle of nowhere. Harry keeps watching his unmoving dot for about an hour until he decides to check on him. Especially since it is already well past midnight and closer to sunrise than sunset. He takes his cloak and walks towards the main gates. He is allowed to walk around at all hours since those that have come to redo their last year, or in some cases do it at all, are all 18 or older. Meaning way above legal age and could have been out of Hogwarts by now which is why it was decided that they don't have a curfew and may go to Hogsmead whenever as long as they told the seventh year prefect when they leave the grounds to make sure that the teachers have some way of knowing who is or was in the castle in case of an emergency like a fire breaking out. The only reason Harry is hiding is that he doesn't want Draco to know that he's following him. Harry goes to where the map tells him that Draco is and sees him lying on the floor. He walks closer and wonders what he's doing there. He doesn't look well. His face is covered in sweat and pale. Without thinking about it, Harry moves his hand towards Draco's face and touches his forehead. It's hot, way too hot. Harry takes off the cloak and stashes it in his magically expanded pocket before he picks up the unresponsive boy and carries him towards the hospital wing where he nearly screams, "Madam Pomfrey, help!" He hears her move towards him from the office before she appears "Oh dear." She says looking like she just fell out of a bed somewhere. "Lay him down there." Once Harry puts him down on the nearest bed which she had pointed to, she moves her wand. "As I feared." She sighs. "What is it?" Harry asks watching her just stand there. "Why aren't you doing anything? You have to help him. Do a spell, give him a potion or whatever just do something!" "Oh, how I wish I could." She sighs. "But this was his choice." "What? How could he choose this? There must be a way to save him." Harry begs. "Temporarily." She sighs changing Draco into pyjamas to make him more comfortable. "But he already told me that he'd rather kill himself than go through with it." "Do it." Harry orders "I'll make sure that he won't hurt himself." "You don't understand Mister Potter." The nurse replies "He is doing this to protect the person he loves. We can't make that choice for him." "How can this protect anyone and how far are you going to let this go?" Harry questions outraged. "Sit down." She orders with a sigh and points at a chair next to Draco's bed. Once Harry sits down with a frown she says "What do you know about Veelas?" "Not much." Harry grumbles "I only know that they have some form of allure and make you do the stupidest things." "That is part of being a full Veela and some part Veelas can too but not many of those." She explains "But what you apparently don't know is that every Veela and some part Veelas have a soulmate. It's less likely for part Veelas as the allure is but it happens. Mister Malfoys ancestors include a Veela about six generations ago. Mister Malfoy noticed that he has a soulmate years ago. A full Veela doesn't survive more than a year unless the mate excepts them fully, which is usually a given since it's rarely a wizard and usually another Veela who in turn would have to be with that person. A partial Veela has longer especially in their youth but the disintegration got worth sometime during his seventh year and I feared he would die early this year unless he gets together with his mate. Sadly though, he and his mate don't get along very well and Mister Malfoy had the choice to either tell his mate about this situation and hope he'd stay with him to save Mister Malfoy or to keep it to himself and protect his mate from either letting Mister Malfoy die or having to sacrifice himself. Mister Malfoy wishes to protect his mate certain that said mate would sacrifice himself to protect him from dying but never truly love him and Mister Malfoy wants his mate's happiness more than his own life." "You mean he's dying?" Harry asks paling "Please tell me there is something I can do. We can't just let him die. Do you know who his soulmate is?" "I do." She sighs "But he doesn't want his mate to know because his mate would date him and possibly marry him and give up on whomever his mate is in love with. Mister Malfoy loves him more than his life! It's his choice Mister Potter. Just like it was your choice to go into the forest and letting the Dark Lord kill you or attempting to do that. No one could stop you and we shouldn't stop him." "But we can't just let him die!" Harry exclaims "We have to do something! Please Madam Pomfrey, we can't let him die!" "I wish I could do something but I can't." She sighs. "Mister Potter, unless his mate chooses him, there is nothing I can do. Now go to bed. You can't do anything either." "I can't just go to bed and sleep while he's dying!" Harry nearly shouts. "He still has a few days. Not that it will do much since I doubt he'll wake up during that time but you can't just stay awake that long." Madam Pomfrey says. "But I can stay with him!" Harry insists. "I won't leave him unless you tell me his soulmate's name so I can go and drag her here." "Him." She sighs "His mate is also male but from what I know, not gay! Mister Potter, would you want the person you love to be bound to you even though she doesn't love you and most likely never will? Would you not give your life for that person?" Harry looks at Draco and can feel tears come to his eyes. "I would give my life, but his life? I can't just watch him die." She watches him surprised and eventually sighs "Stay if you must but do try to get some sleep." "Thanks." Harry replies and just watches Draco silently while Madam Pomfrey leaves. Sometime during the night Harry takes the blond's hand and holds it tightly. "Don't die. Please don't die." He whispers praying that he'll find out who Draco's mate is before Draco dies. Preferably with enough time to talk said mate into giving Draco a chance. He falls asleep still with Draco's hand in his own and his head next to Draco on the bed. It's nearly morning when he wakes up and the first thing he sees are the rays of the sun that are coming through the window illuminating Draco's hair. Harry gently moves a stray strand from his face and frowns. His temperature has gone down a little and he wonders if it can be a good sign or if, considering the situation, he should consider any change as a bad sign even though Draco does look a little better as before. Madam Pomfrey walks in and stops in her stride seeing Harry holding Draco's hand but goes on a moment later and does another diagnostic spell and smiles a little. "How bad is it?" Harry frowns seeing her smile in such a situation. She blushes a little saying, "It's a little better as when you brought him to me. How did you find him anyway?" "I noticed that he didn't look well and hadn't been eating well and occasionally kept a loose eye on him and, well, noticed that he's gone out but didn't come back in and looked for him." Harry replies with a blush hoping he didn't sound like a stalker "How did he get better? I thought he'd have to have his mate close and how close would he have to be anyway?" "The closer the better, physical contact is needed on occasion." She replies "Don't worry too much about him. It is his choice and he seemed at peace with it." "Well, I'm not!" Harry exclaims "What about his parents do they know anything?" "I informed his mother that he's here and why." She replies "Mr Malfoy told me that he hadn't told his mother anything and his father is in Azkaban as you know." "What about his friends?" Harry questions. "I don't know but I assume they'll come see him today, you can ask them then." She says and after a glance at their hands adds. "I'll go down to breakfast and since you said you'd refuse to leave him, I'll send some up for you and excuse you from your classes. Mister Weasley or Miss Granger can keep you up to date on your assignments I assume." "Thank you, Madam Pomfrey." Harry says surprised. Once she's gone he tries to figure out Draco's mate, or at least, find a smaller group of suspects than just about anyone on the planet. He doesn't know much but tries to go over everything in his mind. Draco knows his mate