Moria's Better Moments: A Hobbits Curiosity Summary: I got this idea as a continuation of Trust Me With Your Heart , but as a series. This is just a random moment within the search for the ring where Legolas lets open just a little bit about himself with our dear Hobbits of the Shire, while being annoyed by a series of questions with no help from his friends. Again, this does NOT follow the story line of the movie/book but of my own previous story. If the dates and some setting points are wrong, please be a little giving with the understanding. ^.^ Enjoy! 4/23/2014 - Hi everyone! So I was reading through this one and just saw a ton of spelling mistakes, so I thought to fix it! I would also like to inform my awesome readers that I am going to be re-working "Trust Me with Your Heart", to make even better! It may have a different name by the end of reconstruction! Anyway, to my new readers, enjoy! To my faithful followers, enjoy as well and I will keep you all posted! Thanks! Moria's Better Moments: A Hobbits Curiosity "I've no memory of this place..." The Gray Wizard had stopped at the peak of the staircase, staring immobile at the four new halls that presented themselves with majestic archways in front of the Fellowship. Moria had presented several challenges to the party of nine but this, this simple choice of engraved hallways baffled the wise wizard into a series of questions. Which was least detrimental to his charges? What was safest for the halflings to endure? A slight bump from behind the Wizard told him the party had stopped and Aragorn had failed to notice the halt in front of him. "Gandalf?" The Gray Wizard turned to the strong, whispering voice stepping up beside him. The youth of the Dunedain stared questionably up at him, grey eyes asking a thousand questions. Gandalf smiled, his own gentle blue eyes holding some kind of humor. "Something amusing, my friend?" The Ranger asked. "No, no, not at all. I've just come across a gap in my memory." The Wizard sighed. "I have not seen these halls in years and I find that they play tricks on my mind. But in solace, I suppose now is as good as any time to have some rest. Go on now, settle the little ones down there," Gandalf pointed to the niche that was the center of the four tunnels surrounding them. "Get them comfortable and rested. I'll just be up here," he chuckled. "There's much weighing on my decision from here on." Aragorn nodded, turning swiftly to the group scattered along the staircase. He found Legolas and Boromir, Elf and Gondorian, helping the Halfings up the stairs. Pulling them by their shortened arms and the clothes of their torsos. The Ranger came suddenly beside Frodo, helping the last of the Hobbits off the stairs. As he steadied Frodo with his hand, he turned to their panting group and smiled. "We'll rest here," He announced, staring at Legolas and Boromir. "Gandalf wishes some time to think, we shall rest while he does." "Is it wise?" Boromir stepped forward, his head turning in every direction to survery the rock around them. "Are we safe here?" "For the mean time, yes." Gandalf spoke, seated away on a pile of collapsed architecture. "But how safe you are in these mines is doubtful. Rest now, you may not have this chance until we leave these silent halls." Gandalf's warning was not ignored in the slightest bit. Between Aragorn and Boromir, the Hobbits were settled quickly in the niche Gandalf had indicated too while Gimili had been instructed to start a small fire with the help of Sam and begin to prepare a small meal for everyone to enjoy. Legolas had chosen to stand away from the group as their guard, his own bow readied at hand with an arrow knocked loosely between his fingers. Within moments they had prepared a small camp filled with the smell of cooking food while at the same time trying to make the minimum of sounds to echo off the stony structures. "It's so dark..." One hobbit mumbled to another, sitting circled up around the dim light of a fire. Their small frames shaking from the hollow winds that blew from the tunnels all around them. It had been more than a day that their company of nine had reached and traveled through the great halls of Moria. It had been a fairly easy passage through until now. Their worst of fears still remained in their dark corners of Moria. "May we add more wood, Strider?" Pippin asked, holding himself tightly as to keep from freezing. He couldn't possibly creep any closer to the small fire without being burned and its warmth still wasn't enough for all of them to sit comfortably. "No Pippin, we may not. We run low as it is. Eat, the food is hot enough to keep you warm until we move again." Aragorn instructed as he laid back on his cloak, arms folded tiredly behind his head as he stared up into the dark above them. "Now you've done it Pippin, he was sleeping." Merry scowled, shoveling his own helping of stewed bacon and tomatos into his mouth. "He was not!" Merry shook his head but said nothing. "Aragorn, were you sleeping?" They heard a tired sigh come from the Ranger; Merry gave Pippin a hard shove."No Pippin, I was not. But you should sleep, we may not linger here much longer." Several heads turned in the direction of gray cloaked wizard sitting above them, mumbling to himself. "It seems we won't be going anywhere," Merry sighed, laying down on his blankets. "It's been hours." "Well I for one rather rest than be lost in these endless holes." Sam grumbled, pulling out Frodo and his blankets. "Mind your manners you two, Gandalf is our guide. You've no business questioning his ways." "Sam is right, Gandalf will not mislead us. Now rest, all of you. You too Frodo, don't wander off out of our sights. It is not safe here." Boromir stood calling Frodo back towards their campsite. In their discussion Frodo had wandered to the staircase from which they had come from. He stood on the edge, his curiosity bent on a movement opposite to him. But where his eyes had lingered there was nothing but the shadow of the darkness reflected on rusted chains and ladders. "Frodo!" The dark haired hobbit turned swiftly to Boromir's voice and walked slowly back to his spot beside the fire. Frodo huddled in his blankets, body shaking but finding no rest like his friends. "Where has Master Legolas gone?" Frodo asked the fire and it answered with Aragorn's voice. "He stands guard for the moment, he does not do well in dwellings that are not open to the skies." "That is the nature of all elves isn't it, ignorant to everything but their trees!" Gimili grumbled, eating his own stew. "We walk in one of the finist Dwarven cities and that priss of an elf finds it nearly repulsive!" "Come now Gimili," Aragorn tutted, sitting up and sighing. "You must put aside these differences and cooperate with Legolas. We shall not witness you two continuing at each others throats..." "Perhaps he will reconsider the differences when he walks beneath the trees of my people and hears our songs." Came the sudden lithe voice elves were known for. "There is nothing beautiful about dying trees." Legolas squatted beside Aragorn, glaring across the fire at Gimili. "And there is nothing beautiful about this hole of meaningless rock." "And speaking of meaningless rock, let us not start throwing stones, eh Leogolas? Think what Eleniel will say should she hear of this." Legolas shook his head at the Ranger beside him. He sighed quietly and settled himself comfortably beside Aragorn. But Frodo, who sat across the fire from the beautiful elf, did not miss the smile playing at the Elf's thin lips nor did his miss Aragorn's own unique smile. It had been a long while since he had seen any of them smile so carelessly, Frodo thought to enjoy it before he object to their disagreements. As it continued, the young hobbit got the vague distinction he was missing a very old and private joke. "And how in Valar's name Estel, will she find out that the Dwarf and I have made it a point to bicker about everything?" Legolas raised an eyebrow to his friend. "I, being the loyal friend that I am, must tell her mellon-nin." "You are a very poor friend indeed Aragorn." Legolas huffed. "Perhaps I shall throw your own set of knives over that ledge there this time? It might quiet you awhile." Aragorn narrowed his storm like eyes at his oldest friend, suddenly grabbing for his weapons and holding them tightly to his chest reminding Frodo somewhat of a child refusing to give away his favorite toy. "Touch nothing Legolas, or I really will tell Eleniel how horrible you and Gimili have been to each other!" "It's not my fault alone!" "Aye Elf, I would have no troubles if you were not present." Gimili's rumbling objection came from between Sam and Frodo. "Elves have no appreciation for what is not made by their own hands!" "And Dwarves have no kindness for what is not theirs to steal!" "We steal nothing!" "Perhaps a missing payment of gold due to my father will jog your memory." Legolas hissed. "My cousins hold nothing in return to your people! Those debts were paid." Gimili snarled back, now standing beside the dying fire. The two now had the full attention of their travelling friends on them. Each too curious to step in and stop them as their voices rose. "They certainly were not!" "Says who? Your King? An unreliable source that is!" "Enough you two," Aragorn stood between them with a hand pushing on Legolas' chest and the other held out in front of Gimili over the fire. "That is enough for tonight." Legolas stepped away from Aragorn's touch and Gimili lowered himself once again down between Frodo and Sam. Sam inched away slowly, slightly frightened by the display of hostility between him and Legolas. Frodo simplied smiled, shaking his head, he laid back down on the rock and dirt mattress and hoped to drift off to sleep soon. "Legolas?" Frodo could hear his cousin stirring in his blankets, sitting up in the near darkness that consumed them. The fire was dying and needed more wood, the ring bearer thought. "Who is this Eleniel Strider speaks of?" Frodo heard Legolas speak something swiftly to Aragorn, it was more chiding than whispering really. "She's probably another tree loving, ignorant, mistress of his." Gimili commented from his resting place. "These elves get bored easily you see." It was before Frodo could even blink that Legolas was on his feet and standing above Gimili with a menacing look. He looked ready to kill their campaign dwarf. The young hobbit had to slide out of the way as Aragorn now stood between the two of them again, this time he was really pushing Legolas back towards the other side of the campfire. He growled several things in elvish to the blonde haired prince, pushing and soothing him until he was on the opposite side of the fire. Their entire camp was now awake with Pippin and Merry clustered around Sam and Boromir standing in front of Gimili with his hand gripping the hilt of a knife on his belt. "Apologize Master Gimili," Aragorn turned to the Dwarf with a stern look. "That was uncalled for." "Who is she then?" Pippin piped in, earning a jolt to his head from Merry. "What? It's just a question." Aragorn sighed, rubbing his temple roughly as if it would rid him of the horrible headache he was beginning to get. Legolas