A/N: Well hello there! This story was originally going to be a one-shot, but I realized it was going to be way too long, so I'll most likely be splitting it into around four or five parts, maybe more. This is a mortal AU. Sorry if the characters seem a little OOC. I hope you enjoy! :) Disclaimer: The only thing I own is the order in which the words are arranged. Part One: And all the things I thought I knew, Mean nothing when I'm not with you. You're sitting in the campus library, with your knees tucked under you in the big leather armchair. You clutch your book tightly to your chest and watch the rain pouring heavily outside. The consistent thrumming that usually would have lulled you to sleep now pounds inside your head – a million tiny hammers all working together to drive you to near madness. It's warm inside, and a month ago, you'd have gone as far as to say it was cosy, but you can feel the cold emitting from the fogged-up window beside you, and chills run down your spine as you put your book down so you can jam your hands underneath your legs where it's warm. You should really be studying right now, the logical side of you says. But you can't physically bring yourself to do it. You can't really bring yourself to do anything but nothing, recently. If nothing was even something. Which it technically wasn't. And there it goes again, the logical side of you overruling everything else you try to do. You had tried to tame it after the incident, but it always comes back to rule. It's the side that both protects and kills you at the same time, and as much as you hate it right now, you know you can't get rid of it. And if a chance ever arose where you could, would you? Probably not. You're much too proud for that. So, for now you do nothing. Or the something that was nothing, and you occupy yourself by watching the drips slide down the window, zig-zagging and growing until they reach the frame at the bottom and disperse into the ground. For once in your life, you wish it would just snow. Sure, it could be annoying, and shovelling it was a pain in the backside, but at least it amounted to something in the end. If there was going to be precipitation, the weather could at least do it properly. No more stupid "in-between" rain. But the weather here has a mind of its own. You've been in this country for at least two months, and you can't ever remember seeing a single ray of sunshine. But everything seems gloomy to you now, and you doubt that you would see sun even if you were standing in the middle of the Sahara Desert. Perhaps it's not really the snow that you want. Snow just reminds you of home. But snow is consistent. It is positively and absolutely there . When it stops snowing, the snow stays, and the world is undeniably snowy. But the rain is sly; it buckets down on you one moment and disappears the next, leaving you to wonder whether it is in fact gone, or merely toying with you. And that sense of indecisiveness and false hope makes you angry. The other thing that makes you angry is the way your family seems so obliviously happy at your success. They're all back in New York, bragging about how their daughter made it into Cambridge. And about how pleased they were. Because that's all you are to them, isn't it? Bragging rights. And how dare they be so happy for you when the reason that they're rejoicing is the same reason you're so torn apart? But this was what you wanted, right? This was your dream, wasn't it? But what if it was only your dream because the people around you told you it was? You are supposed to be smarter than that. But He saw through it, didn't he? He saw right through the lies and the shams, and when he tried to warn you, you threw it all back in his face. Because you're an idiot. And you always mess up. All your life you've worked so hard for the knowledge you craved. And now that you've got it, you've realized that everything means nothing without him. And all those things that you wrote off as nothings were the somethings you needed. And all of a sudden, you've flown back in time to the day you met him. Back when the nothings that were somethings and the somethings that were nothings didn't matter. Back to the not-so-long-ago time when you actually believed things could work out in the end. Back when knowledge was everything to you, and above all else the knowledge that he was there. That he was yours. . *-Approximately one year earlier-* You heave a sigh as you pick up your architecture designs off the café table, running a finger over the big brown ring your coffee cup left on the paper. You're pissed. Not just because of the ruined drawings, and the fact that you should have known better than to leave your coffee on them; no, the truth is you've been teetering on the edge of madness all week, and this was just the tipping point. What you desperately need right now is a break. A break from your parents who've been at your throat all week because you only scored a B+ on a test. A break from the constant voice inside your head, that keeps telling you It's not good enough, Annabeth. It's never good enough. You squeeze your eyes shut tightly and purse your lips. You don't realize you've zoned out until a voice breaks through your bubble. "You know, you could probably get that out by dabbing it with some bleach." Black spots dance before you as you snap your eyes back open and look around in surprise. There's a boy sitting a table away from you, and you decide he must have been the one to speak, because he's staring right at you. That and the fact that he was the only other person in the café. He's sitting backwards in his chair, his arms folded across the top slat, his chin resting goofily on top of them. He's dressed like a skater, in a pair of jeans and a blue sweatshirt, and the board resting against his leg confirms your predicament. He's looking up at you, his green eyes expectant, his head cocked slightly to the side, waiting for your reply. Somehow, it reminds you of a puppy, and you can feel the corners of your mouth tilt up ever so slightly. "Bleach?" you respond. "You sure?" He shrugs, "It works for me." A part of you is surprised that this boy is helping you. It's not that you don't appreciate it – you do, but he just doesn't seem like the sort of person you should trust. He has that scruffy, careless sort of look about him. With his dishevelled black hair, the mysterious glint in his eyes, and the way the corner of his mouth is turned up into an almost-smirk, he's exactly the sort of person your parents had drilled into your head time and time again that you were to steer clear of. But something about him fascinates you. It's almost as if he's radiating a kind of energy. You're not sure what it is exactly, but it doesn't seem at all dangerous. It's more . . . positive . . . excited. But he could be acting. His motives could be . . . not in the right place. Okay, now you're being way too cynical. This guy is just gave you a helpful tip to solve your problem, and here you are trying to decide whether he's a rapist or a thief. You definitely need to get some sleep. Besides, he doesn't even look like the type of person who could put up a very convincing act. You realize that you're probably staring at him in quite a strange way, and he's probably wondering whether there's something wrong with you. "Umm…thanks," you attempt. "I'll give it a try. When I get home ." You spit out the word home with more force than you meant. He raises an eyebrow slightly. Well done! Now he definitely thinks you're a lunatic! You sigh heavily and run a hand through your blonde hair, tugging at the pins that were supposedly holding the strands out of your face. In reality, all they did was hang there, get tangled, and fall out randomly. All part of the pleasures of having thick hair. The chair scrapes back as you stand up and begin stuffing your things into your backpack. Being careful not to bend your already ruined designs. "Are you alright?" the softness in his voice startles you. You look up, and real concern is etched across his face; his wide green eyes scrunched together in an expression that isn't quite pity. It's more like empathy. You send him a smile that you're sure isn't very convincing, and shrug your backpack over your shoulder. "Yeah, just family issues," you say nonchalantly. "Yuck." You snort. "Got that right." You straighten out your sweater and start towards the door of the café. "Thanks again for the bleach tip," you say over your shoulder. You're not entirely sure what else to say, or if any other words are necessary, and the silence that follows is a little uncomfortable as you walk out into the street. The air is filled with the hazy orange glow of streetlights just starting to light up the city. You'd been in the café longer than you'd initially thought, and dusk has snuck up on you. It's honestly not surprizing, though. This is far from the first time you've lost track of yourself while floating around in architecture land. It begins to snow very lightly as you meander down the street. The knowledge of getting into trouble if you're home too late does nothing to spur you on, and you take your time, sticking close to the inside edge of the side-walk to avoid being trampled by the herd of hasty pedestrians. The streets are pretty packed for a Monday, and the traffic's backed up in every direction. Strange. You can't help but feel there's some sort of information that's evading your mind. Something you knew. Or were supposed to know. It's probably nothing important. You fold your arms across your chest and bite your lip in frustrated denial. You hate not knowing, and convincing yourself it's nothing is a trick rarely successful. It's obviously something. And the strangeness is only amplified further when three blocks from the café, you're suddenly brought up short. Because He's standing there. Leaning casually against the crosswalk pole ahead of you, his skateboard tucked under one arm, his eyes fixed on the horizon, as if waiting for something. " What the heck?" you mutter, as you dodge an impatient businessman who clearly didn't appreciate you stopping in the middle of the sidewalk. Confusion fills you up. How is this possible? You replay the conditions in which you left him. You can picture him sitting at the cafe, with no visible intention of leaving. But supposing he had left immediately after you, he would still have had to have overtaken you at one point or another. You wonder for a moment if perhaps he isn't the same guy at all. Maybe the lights and your tired brain are playing tricks on you. But as you scrutinize him further, there's no doubt about it. He's got the exact same ruffled hair, the exact same features, and the exact same outfit you remember. Not that you had memorized exactly what he was wearing. That'd be psychotic. Right? With an air