Chapter 1 '… by definition, Horcruxes are somewhat sentient. They, being a shard of the soul, have enough intelligence to defend itself to the best of their abilities…'- Secrets of the Darkest Art "Mum!" whined the second widest member of the quartet that walked through the snow covered forest, "My feet are wet!" "Oh, my Duddikins." 'Duddikins' mother said, placing two placating hands on the boys shoulders, "Vernon, we should go back before he gets a cold." "Wet feet are all part of the experience, Tunie." replied the third, and largest, of the group, "Don't worry, I packed another pair of socks and shoes for you, Dudders." The fourth, smallest, and often ignored member of the family looked on impassively. It would not do to snicker at the pig of a boy, and it was certainly not worth the retaliation that would certainly come. This group went by the name of Dursley, well at least the first three, and they thought of themselves as perfectly normal. Though the fourth member was considered by all those around her, sevearly lacking in the 'normalcy' department. Compared to 'Duddikins' mother, a thin equine-like woman was Petunia Dursley née Evans; her beefy husband, Vernon Dursley, who's only noticeable feature was the bushy mustache; and finally their five-year-old son, Dudley 'Duddikins' Dursley, who looked ever so much like his father, if only more overweight. Finally, related only by the blood of Petunia, was the soon-to-be-five-year-old Henrietta Lily Potter. A small twig-like girl who, unbeknownst to her, had inherited much of her mother's looks, including the distinctive emerald eyes. The only feature she had inherited from her father, was the jet-black hair that fell down her back in an untameable mess, a trait that drove Patunia mad. She was quite proud of her looks that differentiated herself from the Dursley's, though the only feature she disliked about herself was a thin lightning bolt scar -one that the Dursley's insisted was because of a car accident that killed her birth parents. She doubted it. As the Dursley's walked down the path at a steady pace, the raven-haired chose to skip around the path. Moving from the right to the left of the track, eyes shining with excitement. It was a week ago that the walk was announced. Vernon had come home after a long day of work and announced it to the household during dinner. "My boss has given me some time off work," he had said, digging into a roast pork that had been cooked, thankfully, by Petunia. "Why is that, dear?" Said woman replied. "Well, he said that I should get out more, enjoy the outside world while I could. Of course, I thought we could go out golfing together. But, no," he scoffed, "he gave me a brochure for nature walks." And so, the Dursley's had decided to go on a walk, specifically to the Grizedale Forest, off in the Lake District. Of course, that was also the night Dudley threw his biggest hissy fit to date. As always, Henrietta would be dropped into the lap of Miss Figg, a woman who smelled a lot like wet cat . Coincidentally, she owned half the population of cats in Surrey. But after injuring herself trying to coax one of her pets from a tree, she was in no condition to care for the child. So, the Dursley's, not wanting to admit defeat, chose to call up a couple of babysitters. Twenty declines later, and the last of the Potters was reluctantly allowed to join. Now the Dursley's plus one were walking around the National park, Henrietta up front as the more athletic of the family and Dudley far behind. She swore that every time the whale of a boy took a step the rocks and pebbles nearby shook. Eventually, they had reached their way deep into the forest where they set up a little picnic. Henrietta had two pieces of her 'special bread' also known as stale bread and some butter, whereas Dudley practically had a feast of some leftover fast food from the night before. Petunia, had a Caesar salad as Vernon and his son tucked into the various meats. As the rest of her family ate, Henrietta looked around the wooded area, watching some animals as they skittered across the snow covered ground. A cool breeze caused her to shiver, so she wrapped her overly large hand-me-down clothes around her to stave of the cold. Silently, she thanked the man for his so called 'gift', not that he noticed of course. The large shirt -big enough to pass as a dress as Vernon had informed when she received it- folded in on itself acting as a second and third layer of clothing. The day was quite peaceful, Henrietta noticed, apart from Vernon telling her in no too few words that any 'funny businesses' would not be tolerated before leaving for the hike; Dudley tripping her to get to the car first; and the same boy being a general awful traveling companion, not much had happened today. So, she enjoyed the day out with her relatives. That is until it was time to leave. It was in the evening when Henrietta finished packing up most of the picnic supplies and the quartet began trekking back to the car. The raven-haired girl was certain that all the animals in the surrounding area had fled due to the amount of complaining that Dudley was dishing out. Every step it seemed that something was wrong; "My feet are wet." "My shoelace is untied," "How much further?", and every time he complained, Petunia would try and cheer him up. It was times like these that made Henrietta question the near unbreakable wills of the two adults who took each complaint in stride. Eventually, Dudley stopped his complaining, choosing to sulk at the back of the group because Petunia dared to tell him to be patient. Of course, that could not last at all. Soon, Dudley decided he had enough of Henrietta's stamina and ability to, not , complain about the cold and wetness of outdoors, and wanted to deal with it. "Hey!" massive intake of air, "Freak!" another intake of air, "I… want to show you… something!" Dudley called out, pausing to take another breather. Upon hearing her nickname, Henrietta paused, looking back at the far off Dudley, then carefully made her way back towards the overweight child. Passing the two adults, she found Dudley leaning on a tree. I'm sorry tree, that you have to deal with such a weight leaning on you . She thought. But before any of them could get a word out, a pained chirp sounded out from nearby. So instead of talking to her tormentor, Henrietta decided to investigate. Dudley also seemed interested in what had interrupted him from bullying his freak of a cousin. Walking -waddling for Dudley- around the tree, Henrietta spotted the creature making the sound. It was a small bird, near the size of her own hands. She also noticed something that made her stomach twist. Now Henrietta was not of age to go to school, but she was still quite knowledgeable of many things. If she was not being picked on by Dudley's friends or being made to do chores, she was usually found in her cupboard under the stairs with a secret stash of the book she had stolen from around the house. The Dursley's had a surprising number of books that ranged from science, construction, to even wildlife -most of which looked suspiciously new. She had learned to read at a very young age completely on her own; it was as if the meaning of words just flashed into her mind. So, she read. Besides her, nobody in the house really read; Vernon was quite content with his newspapers, Petunia with her gardening, cooking and occasional trashy romances, and Dudley would avoid books like the plague. If Henrietta was to hazard a guess, they only had these books to reinforce the idea that they were a normal family that reads books just as much as they watch television. She was just happy that they didn't really pay much attention to the filled bookshelf. So when she saw the blood stained snow, she knew something was wrong. She knew that the red liquid was meant to be inside of you, not out. Looking closely, she could see that the puddle was growing at a steady rate. If the bird didn't get medical attention soon, it would die. "Ew!" Dudley squealed in disgust, moving away from the dying bird. Giving the squeamish boy a sidelong glare, Henrietta picked up the bird, using her oversized shirt as a makeshift glove. She cooed quietly to the bird in her hands. Though, just before she turned around to go see if her aunt and uncle would take it to a vet, she felt two large and chubby hands shove against her back. "Freak!" she heard Dudley yell and before she knew it, she landed on the ground with a muffled crack-splat. Her thoughts went straight to the bird as she flipped herself over, a choice she regretted. Even though she was underweight for a four-year-old, she was still heavy. So when Dudley pushed her over, the bird was stuck between the snow on the ground and the thin body of Henrietta, it didn't stand a chance. Henrietta stood, horrified at the broken form of the deceased bird she had moments ago tried to save. Blood stained the snow around the bird once more and the last Potter sported a similar sized blood stain on her chest. Looking up, she saw that the two adults of the family had joined the two manned concord in the forest -probably because of the squealing Dudley- and was staring down on the stunned girl with disgust and fear. But the heat death of the universe could happen before Henrietta would even care at the moment. Slowly, she turned her head with a contemptuous sneer upon her face towards Dudley. They all paled considerably. Hate filled her very being as she glared at the lump of a boy who was scrambling towards his mother. But before he could, an invisible force slammed into him, throwing him into a nearby tree with a crack. And the world descended into madness. Vernon was shouting bloody murder at the four-year-old, Petunia rushed over to Dudley to see if he was okay. He was unconscious and bleeding, his femur was sticking out of his skin. Petunia looked over to see Vernon advancing on the freak, hands raised with malicious intent. But before he could reach the child, a loud, magically enhanced shout made the family pause. "Leave. Me. Alone!" Had Henrietta been in a different state of mind, she would have noticed the forest seemed to die at that moment, the only thing moving was the enraged four-year-old, the only sound was the deep breaths of the same girl. "You all hate me, so just leave," she made a dramatic gesture towards the way they were travelling, "and forget about me!" Henrietta just wanted to be alone, away from that hell of a family. She knew she hadn't been on the planet for long but she knew that the way she was raised was not normal -visions of how she was treated flashed before her eyes. It was this fateful day that she would get her wish, because, unbeknownst to her, she was in fact, a witch, just like her parents before her. And on this fateful day, she had she had performed multiple feats of accidental magic. The most obvious of the magic she had used was something called a 'banishing charm' sent at Dudley, the others were not as flashy: The eyes of the two still conscious Dursley's glazed over before they picked up their broken son and headed back towards their car. They would head back to the city and to the hospital for Dudley to