Author's note: So here it is my lovelies, as promised! The long awaited sequel that nobody expected (dare I say - needed?) With more italian vamps and delicious romps than one could hope for! Oh and err - sorry for calling a legendary actor "a hairless hamster" - Mina doesn't know tact from talcum powder. I could hide beneath the wings, of the bluebird as she sings The six o' clock alarm would never ring But it rings, and I rise Wipe the sleep out of my eyes - The Monkees Have you ever been so drunk that when you woke up the next day, your memories were sort of muddled? I mean, if you're anything like me and like to take a sip of grandaddys good whiskey now and then – I know you've been in this situation. You wake up sort of groggily, in a seemingly strange place. It happens right? So here I am, waking up to a new day. I am aware that I've had a really peculiar dream about being a lamb, but no more than that. I wake up feeling….refreshed. Like I've already had my morning coffee. As in, I'm ready to run a marathon if I have to. Meh, weird. Mind, I still think that Im in my own apartment. I have no idea what's happened to me or my body. So I get up, brush my hair out with my fingers and go do the business in the bathroom. Outside, I can hear church bells ring. I frown, thinking that's a little odd. But then again, London is full of churches. I still think that I've been to some sort of strange party last night. I have no fucking clue. SO, I get to the kitchen (which is really not my own kitchen) and start peeling an apple. I hear church bells again along with some drunkards loud singing. I groan. "It is TOO early for this." I say, looking around to locate the source of the bells. …And why is the fridge in this kitchen so friggin loud!? It must be something wrong with it. If you haven't noticed – everything sounds rather loud! I grip the sides of my head and groan. Crikey! I must have the worst hangover of my life. What the hell did I drink last night? Oh well, I'll just have a Tylenol and it'll be alright. That's when I decide to look out the window. And I look again. What's outside my window is most certainly not londonesque. One might even suggest that it looks most picturesque, but that's not whats important at this moment. What is important, however, is the dude singing Italian with an accordion outside my window. In a shirt and flip flops. Last time I checked, London was not warm enough for this. An olive tree stands at a center of a small town square. Children chase a goat around a well. A pretty woman drives along on a pink vespa with a cup of espresso in her hand. Cobble stoned streets. I see a flock of old women dressed in black headed for church. The houses look different too. They're all very…Italian like. Scones, verandas, spacious balconies. The sky is overwhelmingly blue. It's so bright in fact, that I need to close my eyes for a moment. I shut the venetian blinds on the window in a fit of panic. Now I'm wide awake. And I'm freaking out. I look down at what Im wearing. Light pink velvet bathrobe with gold lining – what kind of art student can afford ANYTHING lined with gold?! I realize with a start that I'm standing in a completely alien apartment. What the hell is going on? ….And where is my apple. Oh right, I threw it into the wall, where it made a dent. Actually, it made a large fucking hole. Through the entire wall. How did that happen? I look at my empty hand, flexing my fingers. I gulp. I'm starting to have an inkling of a suspicion, but I'm too scared to acknowledge it. Right. Time to find answers. "Hello? Is anyone here?" I call, feeling stupid. There seems to be nobody in this apartment but me. Which is sort of infuriating. Now that I'm more awake I realize that is is a far cry from my small student apartment back in London. It's like walking through a vogue design photo shoot – every room smells of soft lavender soap, the walls of the living room is a bright turquoise which I cannot help but admire. At the other end of the spacious living room theres some sort of study/library room. I hear noise coming from there, so I go over to investigate. It's a lovely little room, full of books from floor to ceiling. And in this lovely little room stands a hulking figure clad in black robes, with skin white as chalk, bald, with pointed ears and pointy teeth. He looks up as I enter, his bottom lip quivering oddly and his eye twitching. Without thinking, I scream bloody murder. The figure which I now realize looks a hell of a lot like the original Nosferatu, jumps at the noise I make and starts screaming for dear life as well, clutching the heavy tome to his chest. In the midst of all this confusion I hear rapid footsteps coming up behind me. Two hands settle firmly on my shoulders, and I immidietly recognize the voice. "No, no, no. Settle down! No harm, no foul!." I turn around and sure enough, Im met by the familiar sight of blondie bear sugarlicious. "Caius! Thank god! I mean – thank Lucifer! What the hell is going on, and who is this bald little cretin!?" I screech, pointing accusingly at the hairless hamster in robes. The hamster hiccups, affronted. Oddly, my words only manage to make Caius huff out a strangled laugh. "I see you've met our personal physician. I made sure he was close at hand for when you woke up." Wordlessly I look back at the hamster, then back to Caius. "Where the fuck are we?!" "Ah." He now looks affronted. Caius never looks that way. "What do you mean Ah? What does that mean?" "I suppose you don't remember…getting bitten?" "I was bitten." I repeat, numb. Realizing what that means. Caius seems oblivious to my existential crisis, barrelling on. "Yes. There was a terrible accident, you see. And I was there when it happened. Aro had given me explicit instructions for what to do if something like that happened, and so I…" "YOU! You BIT me!" I squeal and point at him, my eyes wide. Wow, are you slow on the info here or what? "I bit you. A little." Caius relents, for once in his undead life seems ashamed. So of course I explode at him. "You bit me A LITTLE? WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?" "You would have been really dead if I hadn't, so give me some gratitude. Anyway, as to your original question – we are in Italy. Our Italy. Dimensional jump. " I laugh a little nervously, sounding like a hysterical nut job. I shrug and try to act calm. It is not working. "Of course – just you know, your everyday dimensional skip across the pond – totally normal-and OW!" I exclaim, shielding my eyes against the sunlight. The shaky hands of the bald cretin starts leading me somewhere with a quiet tut-tut. "If I may be so bold, perhaps I might shed some light on the situation. This way, fraulein…" he says, guiding me out of the room and into someplace far away from this brightly lit place. We go down a small elevator to the basement, with a nervous Caius in tow. When we arrive, I realize it is unlike any sort of basement I've ever seen. It's not full of mildew, it hasn't got shady dark corners, or any awkward gym bycycles which no one uses. It actually looks like some super fancy library. Set in the medieval era. There's even scones on the walls, with lit torches. "Are you gonna put me on a stretch bench?" I cant help but ask. Caius rolls his eyes. "It would be no fun doing that to you now – with you being…" "What? Me being what?" "Ah, this way frauleine – and you shall receive your answers. Come, come…" the bald guy mumbles to me in an eerie voice, shuffling down a long corridor. It kind of sounds like he's talking more to himself than to anyone else. Me and Caius stand back and observe him for a moment. "He's quite the guy." I say. To my surprise, Caius hisses between his teeth, as if to avoid uttering a foul word. "He's a jack in the box. Lord knows how many times he's wound up missing from the coven – last time he was set loose, he wound up making a god awful picture film in germany with himself in the lead role - with the most ridiculous name a character can have. Nos-tu-tu or something. Thank god we got almost all of the existing prints at the time." I stop and stare at him, amazed at what I'm hearing – almost forgetting about my own dramatic circumstances in the process. The legendary vampire actor has me sit on a regular old chair as he examines me the way a regular doctor might. Checking for reflexes, blood sample etc. Im altering between being scared and a little star struck. "So are you REALLY Max shreck?" "Yes." "And you've been hiding in Italy all this time?" I ask, amazed as he pries my mouth open with metal tongs. "Yes. Move your head to the left please. " "And those are your actual teeth?" I ask, as he peers into my eyeballs using a magnifying glass. "Yes." "…..If you are a vampire, why do you need glasses?" I ask, watching as he puts a sample of my blood on a clear glass plate. He tsked loudly, fidgeted with his clawed hands at the microscope. "I prefer them, it is never about NEED." He says, sounding very grumpy and german. He looks at me from feet to head, eyes examining me minutely. "One thing is for certain. You are not a true vampire. But I think you've inherited some of our quirks. For instance, hear that sound of running water?" "Yeah, is it the pipes?" I ask naively. "It's the sound of a river – five miles away." Oh. After a few minutes of looking down in the the scope, humming "OH" and "mmm" several times, a conclusion is reached. "Well?" I ask, impatiently. "I don't know how, but it seems that the bite wasn't powerful enough. It was enough to save your life, but not enough to render you completely immortal. That is, you do not need to drink human blood. But you cannot die. Some other things have changed, such as your hearing, your speed and so forth." "Gee, lucky Sandra Dee. So this means what?" I ask. Max gestures vaguely in the air, searching for words as his lips twitch. "You exhibit their animal strength and a few other elements – but your skin does not glimmer, and your ahem, body weight remains… gerschlumpt." I give him a deadpan stare. What a bedside manner. "Why thanks, especially about that last part." "Then there is the matter of your eyes. Oculus Nervus. Perhaps you noticed, being sensitive to the light?" "Aha, it hurt like a bitch." Dr. Hamster as I have decided to call him, scooters over a sort of metal cloth hanger, except there are only different kinds of mirrors on its hooks, which can be adjusted. He taps one elongated white nail against one of the mirrors. "If you will look into this mirror please, I can show you." I lean forward to see what he means. Holy fuck. "Uh…" "AS you can