Random idea I had. I don't own PJO or the gymnastics headcannon. Will 1/4 Will was going to one of his most recent favorite places – the Hades Cabin. Will had recently put it upon himself to break down a certain son of Hades' barriers. He figured the best way to do that was to pop in to said son of Hades' cabin randomly and annoy him with whatever popped in Will's head. If Percy and Jason could be Nico's friends, why couldn't he? So that was all that Will was expecting from this visit - he was definitely not expecting what did happen. When Will reached the Hades Cabin, he hopped up the steps and, completely expecting the door to be locked, he put his full weight on the handle. The door swung open and Will stumbled inside, surprised. When he looked up into the cabin, he was shocked by what he saw. Nico was sitting on the floor wearing black basketball shorts, black undershirt and black socks, but that is not what had surprised the son of Apollo: it was the position the son of Hades was in. Nico – the Ghost King – was sitting in the middle of his cabin doing the splits. "Nico?" Will asked shocked. Nico looked up, just noticing that Will was there, and quickly pulled his legs out in front of him. "Really Will? The one time I forget to lock the door?" "What were you doing?" Will asked. "Sitting in my cabin?" Nico replied, although it sounded more like a question, and Will could tell from looking at Nico's eyes that he knew that Will wouldn't buy it. "You can do the splits?" Nico shrugged in response and looked at his feet in front of him. "That is SO cool!" Will exclaimed. Nico looked back up at Will. "You really think so?" "Yes!" Will thought he saw a glint of excitement in Nico's eyes mixed with relief. "Will you at least close the door?" Nico asked. Confused, Will turned around to see the cabin door was still wide open from when he had stumbled in a few moments ago. "Oh, yeah." When he turned back around to face Nico, the son of Hades was sitting on the edge of his bed. Will walked over to the bed across from Nico and sat down. "I have always wanted to learn how to do the splits, but I knew that my siblings would make fun of me if I even told them I wanted to," Will said, looking at Nico in amazement. Will knew that his friend would be trying to figure out if Will was being truthful, so he tried to put as much truth behind his voice as he could. "Can you do anything else? Like backflips or something?" Nico gave Will a funny look. "You really do like that stuff," Nico stated. Will could feel himself blushing slightly. "Yeah," Will unconsciously rubbed the back of his neck and glanced away from Nico. "Hey, can you do the thing where you hold your hands out to the side, and as you jump, you touch your toes? Like doing the splits in midair?" Will looked back at Nico in time to see him give a small, almost imperceptible, nod. "You can!?" Will exclaimed, a little too loudly. He saw Nico jump, but was too excited to feel too guilty. "Can you show me? Please?" Will asked, giving Nico his puppy eyes. "Maybe later." Will stopped, knowing that that was the best offer he would get. "I have something to show you." Nico said suddenly, as if he had to say it fast, or else he would lose his nerve. "Okay?" Will said, unsure of what to expect. Nico got up and walked over to the door and locked it. Then, he went back to his bed and moved a skull pillow that was leaning against the wall. It had been a gift from Hazel, and Will knew that Nico would never get rid of it for that reason alone, but apparently it was also hiding something. After Nico moved the pillow, Will could see a tiny keypad on the wall. Nico punched in some numbers too fast for Will to catch what they were, and what happened next completely shocked Will. Part of the ceiling in between Nico's bed and the corner of the cabin started coming down. The section of ceiling was a circle, about 2 feet in diameter, and when it hit the floor, Will could see that it was a tight spiral staircase. Will looked at it, speechless. Nico walked over to the first step and hesitated, as if steeling himself for what he was about to do. He looked at Will, saw his shocked face, which must have been priceless because he smiled slightly, and motioned for the son of Apollo to follow him as he went up the stairs. Quickly, Will jumped up and followed him. When his head poked up through the hole that the staircase had made, he gasped. There was a whole second floor! From the outside, the Hades Cabin didn't look like it could have a second floor, but here, Will was looking at it. He quickly climbed the rest of the stairs and stood on the second story's floor. He looked around, amazed. There was gymnastics equipment everywhere except for a strip of clear space along one wall where, Will thought and hoped, Nico could do flips. It looked crammed to Will, but he thought Nico probably had it organized somehow. All of the equipment was black and gray with some yellow spread around. The floor was all gray padding with yellow tape along the outside so it was easier to tell where the gray floor met the gray walls. "This is incredible," Will whispered. Then, realizing that Nico was probably waiting for a reaction, said it louder. "This is incredible!" Will turned to see Nico watching him. He saw the anxiety in Nico's eyes fade with a kind of hopeful expression. "You actually know how to use all of this?" Will asked excitedly. He had to suppress the urge to go run around asking what everything did, but he knew that Nico probably wouldn't appreciate that, especially since he seemed so insecure about it. "Yes?" "Could you show me how you use all of this?" Will asked, gesturing to the whole room. Nico looked at Will tentatively. "Would you want to try some of it?" Nico asked. Will's eyes widened. "I probably can't do any of it," Will started. He saw Nico deflate and added, "But I'll try whatever you think I should. I just haven't done anything like this before. I would love to be able to though." Nico perked up and turned around to face the wall. He reached out a hand and opened a cabinet that Will hadn't noticed was there before. Will couldn't see into the cabinet, but when Nico turned around, he had something white in his hands. "Here, put these on." Nico said, throwing the pile to Will. The son of Apollo caught the pile and saw that it was white basketball shorts and a white undershirt. "And take your shoes off." Nico added. Will quickly took his shoes off and headed over to Nico, who was holding a door open. Will went inside and realized it was a small bathroom. When Will came out of the bathroom, Nico was standing over in the clear space by a wall. Will headed over, a little nervous at what Nico might make him do. "I didn't know you owned anything other than black." Will said, looking at the white clothes he was wearing. Will smirked; "And the Hawaiian shirt," he added. Nico rolled his eyes. "I thought we agreed to never bring up that mishap again." Nico narrowed his eyes. "Unless you would like a reminder of helping deliver Chuck." Will's eyes widened and he zipped his lips shut. "Despite what people may think, I do own other colors; I just don't wear them outside of my cabin. How do you feel about a handstand?" Nico asked, changing the subject. "Umm, I will probably fail miserably." Will replied. "Okay, well, you have to start somewhere, so we'll try it against the wall." Will hummed nervously. "You'll be fine, Will. It's really not that hard. I'll show you first." "mm'kay" "So first you put your hands near the wall," Nico said while demonstrating. "Then you use one foot to kick up from the floor and up against the wall. Your other leg will follow the first. The trick is to keep your legs and torso straight the whole time. Make sure you don't push up too hard, or you will hit the wall and bounce off. Don't do it too lightly either, or you won't get up high enough." Nico pushed off of the floor and his body went up, barely touching the wall. "Then, to get down, you bring one leg forward and the rest of you should follow. If you land with both feet on the floor, the momentum should bring the rest of to your body up." Nico did what he had just described and was suddenly standing beside Will again. Nico looked at him. "Like I said – easy." "Okay…" Will said, his voice wavering a bit. "I'll help you. You won't learn anything if you don't try it." Will bent down placing his hands down close to the wall. "Is this good?" "Yep. Now just kick up, keeping your body as straight as you can." Before Will could decide against it, he took a deep breath and did as Nico said, trying to judge how hard to jump. He felt his body go up and hit the wall, his body gently bumped off, then rested against the wall again. He felt something on his ankles and saw Nico's black socks in front of him. He let out his breath; Nico must be holding his ankles against the wall. "Good, a little forceful maybe, but I think it would have worked. I didn't want to chance you falling over on the first try. I think I'll help you down. Ready?" Will tried to reply, but the only sound that came out was a grunt. "Okay, try to keep your body straight." Will felt Nico move one ankle down toward the floor while keeping the other against the wall. When the first foot was almost halfway down, Nico started moving his other ankle down. Just when Will felt like he was going to break in half, his feet hit the floor and his body went up. This only took a couple of seconds, and Will was rightside-up again. He immediately felt dizzy and put a hand on the wall to help steady him. "Are you okay?" Nico asked. "You're really red." Will put his other hand on his face. "The blood had rushed to my head." "Oh, yeah. I guess you get used to it." Nico said. "I'll show you something I have been working on if you want." "Yes!" "Are you still dizzy?" "No, I'm good now." "Okay," Nico said as he started to walk toward the middle of the room. "I don't have this perfected yet, so don't be surprised if I fall down or something." "How long have you been doing this gymnastics stuff?" "…Bianca used to want to be a gymnast-" "So you did it with her! That is so cool! I am sure that none of my siblings would do it with me." "Yeah, well, it's actually pretty useful in fights and stuff too. It makes it easier to get out of the way quickly, or jump on top of monsters." Nico stopped in front of a piece of equipment that had two strings hanging down that were attached to little rings. "Okay, so after you can do a handstand on the ground without the wall for balance, you could