Rating: NC-17 Pairing : Harry Potter/Ron Weasley Content/Warnings: Friends to Lovers, Deathly Hallows AU, Bed Sharing, Huddling for Warmth, Pining, Noncon/Dubcon Elements (But it's really mutual), Somnophilia, Dirty Talk, Bondage, PWP, Top/Dominant/Aggressive/Possessive!Harry, Bottom!Ron, Large Cock, Rimming, Analingus, Rough Sex, Face Fucking, Blow Job, Fingering, Anal Sex, Multiple Orgasms, Dry Orgasm, Come-Play, Praise Kink Notes: Many, many thanks to herroyalgoddess for the quick beta. MyFirstistheFourth, your prompt inspired so much delicious filth; the most filth I've ever written in one go. Enjoy! :D Written for HP Rare Fest 2017 on LiveJournal for prompt 153. A Not-So-Spontaneous Seduction Want him … Need him … Have him … hissed through Harry's mind with a seductive urgency. Harry stifled a moan, his left hand tightening around the heavy gold locket hanging from his neck. Another pulse of heat radiated from the inlaid piece of jewellery, spurring images of Ron begging to be taken and dominated, ravished until his cock came dry. Overcome with lust, Harry clenched his teeth as a shiver ran down his spine. Underneath their shared blanket, Ron stirred beside him. Harry's breath hitched. When Ron adjusted his sleeping position, nestling his arse against Harry's painful erection, Harry placed his right hand on Ron's hip, stopping short of grabbing hold so he could grind against Ron's tempting bum. Feeling the length of Ron's trim body spooned against his, Harry thought how it was as if Ron had been made for him; how, even in slumber, Ron yearned for their bodies to be joined; the near-freezing, early October morning and the flagging Warming Charm on their tent not entering into his mind. Instead, the aroma of the almond-scented soap that Ron favoured stole all of Harry's concentration. Harry pressed his nose into the nape of Ron's neck and inhaled until his lungs hurt. As he exhaled a long, hot breath, Ron again shifted in his sleep, mumbling a soft groan. Harry's cock spasmed at the sound, his hand tightening around the molten locket so hard it shook. Harry seethed. Ron had taunted him enough over the past few weeks. Ron knew what he was doing to him. Provoking his need for him . Harry traced the seam of Ron's jean pocket with his fingertips. Enticing him . His hand drifted upwards, bunching the bottom of Ron's cotton t-shirt. Encouraging him . As Harry circled the button of Ron's jeans with his thumb, his wristwatch buzzed three times, indicating the time; only an hour remained until Hermione would return from guard duty. He wouldn't let another torturous second pass by whilst he did nothing. Harry opened his eyes to see Ron's freckled neck. Growling at the sight, he pushed his hand underneath Ron's t-shirt and licked Ron from the curve of his nape to the bottom of his ear. Ron mumbled but remained fast asleep. Harry smirked in satisfaction when his fingers brushed over Ron's nipples. His lips fluttering against Ron's earlobe, he whispered, "You're gagging for it, aren't you, Ron?" He pinched and played with Ron's erect nubs. "Your tits are already hard for me; they're hard so I can suck on them until they're bruised and sore, until they're so sensitive you could come from the slightest of touches…" "Unfortunately," Harry released the locket to retrieve his wand from underneath his pillow, "there isn't enough time for all I want to do to you." The locket glowing with an eerie light, Harry sat up, threw aside their blanket, and positioned a softly snoring Ron flat onto his back. With a swish of his wand, he whispered, " Invincula ." Their leather belts unfastened and slithered from their waists towards Ron's upper body. One belt looped around Ron's right wrist before anchoring around the top metal frame of their camp bed and looping around his left wrist. The other belt slipped over the top of Ron's neck before also securing itself to the frame of the bed, allowing enough give so Ron could look forward but not sit up. Licking his lips, Harry stared down at Ron's tall, broad-shouldered physique; the large bulge of his half-hard cock beneath his jeans unmistakable. He couldn't wait to know how Ron tasted and, with his next exhale, hissed, " Evanesco ." All their clothing Vanished, only the locket dangling from Harry's neck remaining. Harry gasped when he caught sight of Ron's revealed groin. Unlike his pubic area, which was trimmed short, Ron's was smooth-shaven. Harry never imagined Ron would be the type to groom himself in such a way; it was such a male-slag thing to do and made Harry so bloody hot. As a bead of pre-cum leaked from Harry's length, Ron crinkled his brow from the feel of the cold air on his bare skin and moved to turn onto his side and pull up his knees. Dropping his wand onto the bed, Harry grabbed Ron's ankles. He worked with Ron's movements, allowing Ron to pull up his knees but kept him from turning onto his side. The resulting position gave him a clear view of Ron's puckered hole: the palest of pinks and as well-groomed as his front. Harry lowered Ron's legs, letting them fall wide open onto the bed, and propped Ron's arse with his hands. Breathing in a lungful of almond soap and Ron's heady musk, he sealed his lips around Ron's opening, sucking hard and tonguing its sensitive nerve endings. When he felt Ron's buttocks tense, Harry pressed the tip of his tongue past its ring of muscles, stimulating Ron further. Ron let out a long moan. "W-what…" he asked in confusion, his voice rough and deep from sleep. A thrill raced through Harry. His Ron. His fuck-toy was finally awake and ready to be played with. Slipping his tongue in deeper, Harry pressed against Ron's inner walls in a circular motion, stretching Ron further. "Fuck…" Ron moaned as the unfamiliar pleasure caused his cock to harden until it was lying flat on his abs. He opened his eyes and tried to sit up but found he couldn't. As he strained against the belts, his breath sped up. His fear, rather than diminishing his pleasure, combined with the never before felt stimulation, enhancing it. Lifting his head as far as he could, Ron discovered a black-haired head between his thighs: Harry. At that same moment, Harry began to drive his tongue in and out as deep as he could. Ron cried out, thrusting his bum upwards, wanting more. " Fuck , Harry! Fuck ! What are you doing!" he shouted in shock as jolts of pleasure shot through his body. Harry placed a kiss on Ron's saliva covered opening before meeting Ron's eyes. "Why are you surprised, Ron?" Harry asked as he cupped Ron's bollocks. " You are the one who has been ceaseless in tormenting me with your longing looks and teasing touches." He gave a firm squeeze to Ron's heavy sack. "See how swollen your hairless balls have become just from me eating out your tight hole. I knew once I gave in you'd be a greedy little cock slut, taking whatever you could get. I'm going to fuck you raw, Ron." Ron swallowed hard, tearing his eyes away from Harry's intense stare. Then he spotted the locket radiating a cold Dark magic, swaying from Harry's neck, and he understood. Everything Harry had said was true, but it had been the locket's compulsions making him act on his desires, revealing his hidden attraction towards Harry; an attraction that could tear apart their friendship and the one they shared with Hermione. And if Hermione left them, the search for Voldemort's Horcruxes would become that much more impossible than it already was. "Harry, it's the locket making you act like this," Ron insisted, the muscles of his arms flexing as he yanked against his restraints. "You have to fight it!" "I have been!" Harry yelled back. "For weeks! But I don't want to anymore! Is what I said a lie?" He wrapped his fingers around the base of Ron's cock, giving it a firm stroke. "Do you honestly want me to stop?" A guttural moan escaped from Ron's mouth. "Harry…" "Do you?" Harry challenged, narrowing his eyes. Staring straight at Ron, he took his time to bend back down between Ron's thighs. With both hands, Harry supported Ron's buttocks and then slid his tongue into Ron's slick opening. "Merlin…" Ron husked, bowing his back. Harry returned to fucking Ron's arse with his tongue, enjoying the wet squishing sounds of his bum, but enjoying Ron's little whimpers more. His legs trembling, Ron shut his eyes, surrendering to the mounting bliss. "Don't stop, Harry. Please don't stop." He was gasping and writhing as his pleasure built and built. "Fuck… Merlin… What am I…fuck. Harry! FUCK!" The first stream of Ron's creamy jizz landed on his face, some of it landing in his mouth. More pulses painted Ron's chest and torso as Harry continued to thrust his tongue in and out of Ron's opening. Breathing hard as his cock softened, Ron looked down at his come-covered body to find Harry smiling, his eyes heavy-lidded. "Your arsehole's beautiful," Harry purred. "It's now the loveliest shade of deep pink." Ron felt heat rush through his body as he blushed. "Did you enjoy my tongue inside you?" Ron squeezed his lips together and nodded. "I want to hear you say it." "Yes," Ron softly admitted. "Louder." "Yes, Harry. I. Did," Ron said, huffing out a breath. "I think it would be obvious. But enough's enough. Get me out of these." He wiggled his hands, causing a buckle to clang against the frame of the bed. Harry ran his hands up Ron's shins and thighs. "Are you sure? Because they suit you…and from the way your cock responded, I think you do, too." Ron sighed. "I don't know what to think right now." Gliding his forefinger over Ron's sensitive opening, Harry asked, "After the feel of my tongue, aren't you curious to know what my cock would feel like inside you?" Ron hesitated, recalling the intensity of his orgasm and the fantasies of Harry that the locket replayed over and over in his mind: one of them having come true. Harry straightened his back, moving into an upright kneeling position. Ron's eyes widened when he spotted Harry's mammoth cock. "You're fucking ginormous! Like…bloody erumpent-sized huge!" He felt baffled and embarrassed when blood sped into his own length so soon after climaxing. Chuckling, Harry crawled up Ron's body. As he did, he scooped as much of Ron's release into a hand as he could before straddling Ron's chest on his knees. Riveted, Ron watched. With his left hand, Harry pulled back his foreskin and then, with his other hand, covered the head of his prink with Ron's come. Harry's mouth parted when he fisted his thick cock, spreading Ron's slippery jizz up and down its length. "You never answered my question," Harry reminded Ron. "Do you want my monster cock inside you?" Clenching his hands, Ron gulped and then confessed, "Yeah." "Then have a taste." Harry waggled his length above Ron's face. Harry fucking his arse was what Ron had thought Harry meant by "inside," not him sucking Harry's cock as if it were a sugar quill. In his fantasies, Harry was always the one in full control. But if this was what Harry wanted… Ron lifted his head as far as the belt allowed. Reaching with the tip of his tongue, he licked the slit of Harry's length, tasting both Harry's pre-come and his own jizz. Harry guided his cock onto Ron's tongue, and when Ron opened his mouth, Harry shoved his glans past Ron's lips. Then, on either side of Ron's head, Harry gripped the belt that secured Ron's wrists to the camp bed. Using the leather strap as leverage, he pumped his cock into Ron's hot mouth. Closing his eyes, Ron moaned and became pliant, giving Harry what he wanted. "That's right," Harry groaned. "Take