Rating: NC-17 Main Pairing: Harry Potter/Theodore Nott/Draco Malfoy/Blaise Zabini Side Pairing(s): Pansy Parkinson/Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley; Fred Weasley/George Weasley/Millicent Bulstrode; various others Warnings/Content: bottom!Harry, humour, mild and brief femslash, mild and brief twincest, foursome (M/M/M/M), anal sex, blowjob, deepthroating, rimming, double penetration, Hogwarts eighth year, pining!Draco, hot kissing Notes: MyFirstistheFourth, hugs for the beta. The featured kink is bottom!Harry. All Manner of Sorts Bounding past the portrait of the coy Lady Fancy Perry and her fawning lady 'friends,' George and Fred Weasley entered the eighth-year common-room; making curfew with only three seconds to spare. They wound through the sea of studying, talking, and napping former Gryffindors, Hufflepuffs, Ravenclaws, and Slytherins, to the centre of the oval chamber. George lifting his right leg and Fred lifting his left, they stepped onto an oversized, burnt-orange couch. Once they found their balance on the springy chenille cushions, Fred and George surveyed their expectant fellow classmates. "Shall you or I do the honours?" George asked; his voice breathless from the many stairs and filled with excitement. "Since it was my idea, I'll do the honours," Fred answered, pointing the tip of his wand to his neck. " Sonorus ." Sharing a quick grin with George, Fred called out, "Class meeting! Stop whatever you're doing and come around…" His voice boomed in the stone room—the displayed tapestries on the high walls absorbing only so much—and travelled up the pair of spiral stairs, one on either side of the lit fireplace, to the private bedrooms above; his voice could even be heard by those in the attached bathrooms. On another couch, mirror to the one George and Fred stood on, Ron startled awake with a shriek, his mind-numbing copy of The Theory of Simultaneous Cosmic Phenomena by Ophiuchus Sinistra falling from his lap and onto the floor. Glancing up, he scowled when he saw George and Fred sniggering down at him. "Shut it," Ron grumbled, rubbing the sleep from his eyes before retrieving his book and placing it on the coffee table in front of him. "You two have been nothing but sodding gits— all year . Don't even know why you had to come back…" "And miss out on being able to study for our NEWTs with you, little brother," George teased. "But to think," his voice turned disappointed, "all this time, you've been holding out on us." "Holding out on what?" Ron asked, confused. "Why," Fred went on in complete seriousness, pausing for dramatic effect, "learning how to study by way of osmosis." Ron growled, yanked out two pillows squished behind him, and hurled them at Fred and George. As if they were soaring Bludgers, each twin batted one of the projectiles back at Ron, one hitting his chest and the other his face. Groaning in mock pain, Ron fell back against the couch. " All. Year ." Sitting to Ron's left, Hermione refrained from laughing and focused on tidying up her stacks of notes to put away, but Harry sitting to Ron's right, didn't even try to stop his amused laughter. Within five minutes, the area around George and Fred became crowded with about two dozen curious students, some having come downstairs from their bedrooms, a few already in their pyjamas. Fred smiled and then cleared his throat for everyone's attention. "Genteel witches and wizards—and Ron." "Wanker," Ron said under his breath. His smile broadening, Fred continued, "We've had a hard time of it this year, and it grows more trying the closer our NEWTs get. With only a week remaining before we make a go at it, George and I thought we could all use some de-stressing." "Stop jabbering and get to the point, Weasley." Malfoy huffed, lifting his brow and crossing his arms; the white streaks of reflected candlelight on his jet silk pyjamas showing the contours of his fit body. Fred looked down at Draco and smirked. "George, if you please," he said, fanning out his arm in a grand sweeping gesture. From a pocket inside his black school robes, George revealed the Sorting Hat; the very hat that should be sat high on the second-to-top shelf in the Headmistress's office. "Fred. George," Hermione hissed, her back going as straight as her wand. "Have you gone mad? Do you want to get expelled— again ? Headmistress McGon—" "Headmistress McGonagall and the rest of the professors," Fred interrupted, "will be celebrating the end of term in the staffroom tonight before becoming swamped with grading next week." "Likely with a bottle of Ogden's own," George added, recalling the dust-free circular spot behind the hat where McGonagall tended to store a bottle of the spirits. Nodding in agreement with George, Fred affirmed, "The hat won't be missed for a while; we left a replica." "Why nick it at all?" Blaise inquired, removing a speck of lint from his tailored white buttoned-down shirt, the fabric a lovely contrast to his dark skin. Fred regarded Blaise—who lounged on a long carmine ottoman as if he were a sultan and the common-room his very own sultanate—and thought he looked less like a king and more like a model in a spread of Witch Weekly . His lips curling in mischievousness, Fred replied, "To sort, of course." "Fred, why would we need to be resorted?" Harry asked, a line forming between his eyebrows in both confusion and worry. He remembered how close he came to being sorted into Slytherin. The last thing he needed was to be labelled the next up-and-coming Dark Lord. In agreement with Harry, Pansy nodded and remarked, "Harry's right." Everyone in the room turned to Pansy, many with their mouths hanging open. "What?" Pansy asked, sliding her fringe behind her ears in a self-comforting gesture. "He is . Why stir the cauldron now? What does house affiliation matter anymore?" "Thanks to a little tinkering done by George and me, the hat won't sort based on house but on compatibility," Fred explained, his eyes sparkling with anticipation. "Compatibility of the sexual persuasion." Shocked inhales and excited murmuring buzzed throughout the chamber. "To put it more bluntly," Fred went on, "it will match you to the best shag available, given everyone present. Of course, you don't have to participate if you'd rather not." "But the anti-fornication wards upstairs," Hermione blurted out, causing her and Ron to blush and those in the room to snicker. At the start of the school year, the amorous couple had triggered the wards before McGonagall could warn everyone during the introductory speech. "Yeah. No offense," Neville said, his more confident and assertive eyes roaming from Lavender Brown's ample cleavage to Cho Chang's pouty lips to Dean Thomas's strong thighs, "but I don't think most of us would feel comfortable having at it down here in front of everybody else, no matter how desperate we may be. And we can't leave; McGonagall made herself clear: anyone caught out past curfew won't get to attend graduation." Puffing up his chest and smiling, George drew a cotton laundry bag from the hat. "It took Fred and me nearly the entire year, and many an Eyebrow-Regrowing Potion, but we managed it." He pulled out a plain black sock. "Hang this on your doorknob and the wards will be disrupted." "There's only the one?" Seamus enquired, frustration thickening his Irish accent. George grinned as if he were a Niffler that had just secured a new hoard of gold, and upended the laundry bag. Black and white socks, socks displaying house colours, and even a peach sock with orange, pink, lime green, and yellow Fwoopers, dropped onto the coffee table. "So," Fred drawled, "who wants to be first?" His dark hair still wet from his hurried shower, a late Theo Nott rushed through the crowd, heading toward Draco. A wide toothy smile on his face, George hopped down from the couch, blocking Theo before he could reach his destination. "Ah, Nott." He caught Theo around the back with an arm. "Thank you for volunteering." "W-what…" Theo asked in alarm, tugging the lapels of his fluffy green dressing gown tightly closed. His question changed to a shout of alarm when his calves hit something hard, and he fell backwards into a chair that hadn't been there a second ago. Catching sight of the Sorting Hat and his fellow classmates amused expressions, Theo decided to stay silent, hoping to twig out what was going on. Once George had placed the hat on Theo's head, he instructed him to relax. The moment the hat was set on him, Theo wanted to snatch it off and rub his forehead where the scratchy fabric of the hat touched his skin; but instead, he sat still, his mouth a straight line. " Hmmmm, Mr Nott ," the Sorting hat said in a slow, slurred voice. " You're quite upset that your shower had to be interrupted … but not to worry, your aching bollocks will be assuaged soon ." As Theo's face and neck flushed red, the hat snorted and then laughed and mumbled to itself for an overlong amount of time. " Yes…yes… That will do. Mr Nott, go stand in front of the bust of Sir Thankleton ! Theo removed the hat from his head, shoving it into George's grasp. As he walked past his classmates toward the carving of Sir Thankleton, forever sculpted mid-sneeze, it disconcerted him to see so many pebbled nipples under blouses and erect cocks beneath trousers. A niggle of understanding as to what was happening nudged his own member into action, but still, the suspense of the situation made it feel as if an inflated party balloon was lodged in his chest. Before George or Fred could ask for the next person, Draco sat in the chair, a show of solidarity for his fellow Slytherin. Holding the tip-top of the Sorting hat, George settled it over Draco's tousled hair. Draco's face screwed up in distaste when the hat hiccupped, burped, and then giggled. " Ahhhh, Mr Malfoy…I know just where to put you—next to Mr Nott !" Draco's eyes and everyone else's—save Pansy's—were as round as Quaffles. Concentrating on his breathing, Draco kept his next breath as even as he could. His vision narrowed until all he saw was the gleaming sword of Gryffindor, held by Godric himself, on a tapestry against the far wall. A manicured, long-fingered hand touched his shoulder, and Draco turned his head to the left and looked up. "Don't fret, Draco," Pansy comforted. "I'm sure you are only the first of many interesting revelations tonight." She bent over and kissed Draco on the cheek. "Now, up," she ordered. "I want to go next; it'll be amusing being able to watch the face of whoever is paired with me." Chuckling, Draco gave Pansy a grateful smile and took her hand, helping her into the chair. His heart fluttered as he caught sight of Nott: shy, bookish, but sporting a tall, lithe swimmer's body. Draco held back a moan, pre-cum already wetting his pyjamas. Once Pansy left to go stand by the medieval suit of armour, Blaise rose from the ottoman and sauntered the few steps to the chair, sitting down as though it were a throne. When George made to place the hat, Blaise angled his head out of the way. "No offence, Weasley," Blaise began, "but I don't like it when a person I don't really know gets too close." "No offence taken," George reassured, dropping the Sorting Hat into Zabini's open hands. Blaise raised the hat with both arms and then lowered it onto his head. The instant the hat made contact, it shouted, " To the bust of Sir Thankleton !" Besides raising an eyebrow, Blaise's cool demeanour remained unaffected. He proceeded to remove the hat and deposit it onto the chair before joining Draco and Theo, who were both stunned into silence. Hermione popped up from the couch. "I'll go next," she said in a clear voice, grinning at Ron. Taking the Sorting Hat from the chair, she