I do not own Twilight Just like to write stories, Yes this is a band member story, not sure how far it will go but I do have a bunch of chapters done and working on more. I would like to hear how you would like this story to go. Read and Review, let me know what you think, I have been working on this for a while. I have put the songs name as well as the real artist with every song so you can find them. I have of course changed a line here and there and the band members and male and female so of course not every song will sound completely the same in my story as they do in real life so that being said, that band does sing a little bit of everything. I hope you enjoy. Alice POV; We have just moved back to Forks after 95 years of being away. You would think this would be a sad time for us but we have all returned to being a family together and what place better to start than were it all fell apart in the first place. Everyone has basically unpacked, dusted and washed every surface in the house. Emmett was watching MTV, Jasper was reading some History book marking away inside it, correcting it as he said, Rosalie was putting her garage together, Esme and Carlisle were of course putting his office space together, Edward was sulking in his room. I'm almost surprised he hasn't spent all his time at Charlie's and Bella's gravesite. Edward kind of went crazy for a while and kind of hid in a cave for 50 years trying to starve himself to death. Well it didn't work very well. You can tell a piece of himself if missing. The other half of his soul is missing, but he made to choice to leave her. Once I finally figured out where he was because it took years for him to make a decision. We all went to him and convinced him it's been enough time. Maybe we can go and see what kind of life she did live and any children she left behind. The sad part of all of this is, she died the gravestone said. Her father and mother must have known something or she had said some wishes of what to put on her stone. We haven't figured all of the details out yet, but her name was; Isabella Marie Masen Swan Born 1995 – Died 2014 Eternidad en vivo con el corazón roto (Live eternity with a broken heart) I figure she had asked her mother a head of time. From what I have been able to gather is that she died of a broken heart. She never finished high school. Her body shut down as if it was in constant pain. She was seeing doctors and they were giving her medication, but she refused to talk to anyone about what had gone on inside her relationship. She had contestant nightmare wear she would scream out from Edward not to leave. The whole thing is very sad because if Edward could he would have been the same way. Instead he held himself up inside a cave and just sat there thinking about Bella for years, never moving, never eating, just thinking. "Holy Fuck…..Jasper are you seeing this?" Emmett's voice literally jumped 3 octaves. His hand was waving really fast towards the tv. "It can't be….. Alice, Please say it can't be?" My husband's voice had gone 3 octaves higher. What had these boys scared? I turned my head towards the tv and screamed so loud that everyone else came running into the living room, even Edward. "What? What's going on?" Everyone's shouting, looking between the 3 of us. All we can do is point to the TV, when Rosalie walks over and unmutes it. The song looks for the most part to be just starting so we all listen and watch as a 19 year old looking Bella walks around in a white tight wife beater for women and white tight under wear swinging a sludge hammer, next thing we know she is naked swinging on a wrecking ball. You can't really see anything except her naked side, but that's enough to start Edward growing and whimpering all at the same time. (Wrecking Ball Song, written by Miley Cyrus) (I basically figured that should be the same as the real music video) Wrecking Ball; We clawed, we chained, our hearts in vain We jumped, never asking why We kissed, I fell under your spell A love no one could deny Don't you ever say I just walked away I will always want you I can't live a lie, running for my life I will always want you I came in like a wrecking ball I never hit so hard in love All I wanted was to break your walls All you ever did was wreck me Yeah, you, you wreck me I put you high up in the sky And now, you're not coming down It slowly turned, you let me burn And now, we're ashes on the ground Don't you ever say I just walked away I will always want you I can't live a lie, running for my life I will always want you I came in like a wrecking ball I never hit so hard in love All I wanted was to break your walls All you ever did was wreck me I came in like a wrecking ball Yeah, I just closed my eyes and swung Left me crashing in a blazing fall All you ever did was wreck me Yeah, you, you wreck me I never meant to start a war I just wanted you to let me in And instead of using force I guess I should've let you win I never meant to start a war I just wanted you to let me in I guess I should've let you win Don't you ever say I just walked away I will always want you I came in like a wrecking ball I never hit so hard in love All I wanted was to break your walls All you ever did was wreck me I came in like a wrecking ball Yeah, I just closed my eyes and swung Left me crashing in a blazing fall All you ever did was wreck me Yeah, you, you wreck me Yeah, you, you wreck me As the song came to an end, they switched back to the tv show host. "That just might have been the newest song By Isabella from Black as Night, Wrecking Ball. She is still refusing to say who her newest album was inspired by. There is a lot of hurt and heart ache in this new album. 20 year old Isabella is the hottest new thing to hit the shelves and concert's and I'm not just talking about her body either, she is always sold out and no one even knows a things about her. She refuses interviews and doesn't wish to sell her personal story. The only thing we know for sure is she is from Washington State. We also know for sure that Masen is not her real last name but Isabella is her birth name. She is still refusing to give up any information about herself." "Her new Album's name is "Eterno" Which means "Everlasting" in Latin, has been flying off the shelves like chocolate at Easter time." He sticks his hand out and acts like he is spinning the camera for effects. Like really this show is horrible and Emmett watches this for fun. It's a bad 80's knock off show. "Why don't we play one of her classic's from her first CD "Sin Ti" which of course if Latin "Without you" (Wide Awake, Written by Katy Perry) (I figured the music video should be Bella running through the woods in parts and the band playing in the Forks high school parking lot with Bella Singing.) Wide Awake; (The video starts out with Bella driving what looks like her old orange truck up to forks high school, the sun is just going down and the sky is a light blue with orange going through it, a really good looking , huge native looking man is sitting in the passenger seat. There is a drum set and 2 others in the back of the truck. She pulls the truck to a stop in the middle of the parking lot. The band gets ready to start playing, setting up their entire instrument's. Bella gets out of the truck and I swear that is the same blue dress we sent her to prom in. She reaches back into the truck and grabs a flash light, slamming her door shut and she starts to head towards the school. Once she pulls the doors open she takes a look down the hallway and slowly starts to walk and sing.) I'm wide awake I'm wide awake I'm wide awake Yeah, I was in the dark I was falling hard With an open heart I'm wide awake How did I read the stars so wrong (Shows the band outside, the drumming is in the back all set up playing, the good looking native is on the hood playing his guitar and the really young cute boyish native looking kid was standing on the ground at the side of the truck playing his guitar. The sky had gone dark and the stars were out ever where. It really was beautiful to watch. It switches back to her, it looks like she is walking toward to old biology room.) I'm wide awake And now it's clear to me That everything you see Ain't always what it seems I'm wide awake Yeah, I was dreaming for so long (Bella is in complete dark, only light you see is from her flash light. She looks like she is looking for something while singing, she looks so sad. Her normal bright brown eyes are so dull and don't look normal. When she reaches the class room she opens the room, she opens the door and there is nobody there but a bright light happens then we are in the woods with her looking around, all of a sudden she takes off running, still singing. She looks scared as if she is being chased by something. They make it looks scary as if she is.) [Pre-Chorus] I wish I knew then What I know now Wouldn't dive in Wouldn't bow down Gravity hurts You made it so sweet Till I woke up on On the concrete (She seems to come to the edge of a cliff, she stops and looks down, then looks behind her, all you see is what looks like a women with fiery bright redish/orangish hair, her hair reminds me of Victoria's, running towards her getting ready to jump, Bella just smiles and jumps falling) [Chorus] Falling from cloud 9 Crashing from the high I'm letting go tonight (Yeah I'm) Falling from cloud 9 (It looks like Bella lands on a crisp white sheeted bed, covered in deep red rose petals, she stands up brushing off her dress and starts walking towards the door.) I'm wide awake Not losing any sleep I picked up every piece And landed on my feet I'm wide awake Need nothing to complete myself - nooohooo (All of a sudden she walks out to the parking lot of forks high school, walking towards the band that's playing away, she jumps up on to the tail gate of the truck and picks up a mic walking past the dummer and climbing up on top of the cab and starts singing with the band.) I'm wide awake Yeah, I am born again Outta the lion's den I don't have to pretend And it's too late The story's over now, the end [Pre-Chorus] I wish I knew then