"You can't keep pushing me away Paul!" Graciella stormed after Paul. Her throat was on fire from the screaming match she was having with him. She was tired of all the yelling, but whenever a fight between her and Paul broke out, there was no way in hell that it would be a quiet one. "Oh yeah?" Paul abruptly turned around, causing Graciella to bump into his chest. "Just watch me," he spit out through clenched teeth. His eyes held so much anger, so much disdain as they scorched and burned down on Graciella. Her heart crumbled at his words, he turned around sharply before ripping the door open and slamming it shut behind him, the house shook from the excessive force used. She watched him run off into the woods through the small living room window. Her legs gave out and she dramatically collapsed on the hard floor. Tears pricked at her eyes, she desperately tried to hold them back. It was useless. They flowed down rapidly at her poor attempt to block out the hateful looks and harsh words Paul had thrown her way. It was always like this now. Brutal, verbal fights with Paul every time he came home. Paul was ever hardly home anymore, and when he was, the result was a screaming match between Graciella and Paul. All Graciella did was worry for him, even if he was the older sibling. She wanted to know what was up with him, why the sudden change? First, Paul had disappeared for almost two weeks, he came home a foot taller, with bulging muscles and an even worse temper than before. Second, he isolated himself and became hostile towards his sister. Snarling nasty things to her and shoving her out of his life. Third, no matter how hard Graciella had tried to come up with some sort of explanation to his odd behavior, she came up empty handed. Graciella was confused, she was in the dark. She was desperate to help. But Paul would either ignore or curse at her to mind her own fucking business every time she tried to get close. She missed the old days. The days in which Paul and her were okay. The days where he would confide in her and she would confide in him. The days where they had each other. Now, Paul had his new friends. Paul had Sam Uley and the rest of the 'Protectors'. Paul didn't need her anymore, not like she needed him. Graciella missed Paul, she missed her big brother. She attempted to run her fingers through her hair in frustration, but it was a hopeless act. Her fingers soon got caught in her wild, curly locks. She let out a deep sigh, she really despised her hair at times. Forcing herself off the floor, she wiped her tears away. Damn , she thought to herself, I really need to stop falling to the floor every time he storms out. And she was right, this kind of thing had been happening for weeks now. It was about time she got over it, but Graciella knew it couldn't be helped. It was so draining to fight with him, and the pain of his ruthless words never eased up. His cruel comments stung immensely, the cold glare in his eyes broke her heart. Where was the old Paul? The Paul who swore to never hurt her and to always protect her, where had that Paul gone? She trudged upstairs, needing to get out of the house. It was way too depressing and lonely there, neither Paul nor her father were ever home. Her father, Bryan, was both a workaholic and an alcoholic, his line of work a helpful factor to his alcohol problem. He worked at a nearby casino, bartending. Then once his shift ended at five o'clock, the roles would switch up and he would be the one drinks were being served to. He'd come home around one in the morning, throwing himself onto the couch and knocking out. The next morning, he'd be up at nine. He'd get in the shower and then head off to work. That was his daily routine. Never did he speak a word to Graciella. She couldn't remember the last time they had a proper conversation. Graciella knew it could be worse, her father could be violent and abusive when intoxicated, but thankfully he wasn't. It still pained her, he was neglecting not only her but Paul as well. Her father hadn't always been that way. It all began when her mother left. Six years ago, her parents had gotten a divorce, and her father still wasn't over it. Graciella couldn't blame him. After all, her mother cheated and left him for a man she had only known three weeks prior. She had abandoned her husband, her children. She had abandoned her family. Graciella hated her for it. Cursing and blaming her mother. It wasn't fair that everything fell apart because of her mother's selfish actions. Eventually, Graciella got over it. She knew her mother wasn't happy. She had fallen out of love with her husband, and it showed in her actions. It wasn't as surprising as it should have been. At the age of ten, Graciella became aware of the regret in her mother's eyes. She could see the regret towards the sacrifices she had made to be with her father. Her mother, Jacquelyn, was from Mexico. She was beautiful, with white skin, dark hair and stunning hazel eyes. Traits that aren't as uncommon in Mexico as you would think they are. Her mother had told Graciella that people don't always look the way they are stereotyped to look. Lots of Latinos/Latinas had pale skin, colored eyes, and natural blond hair. Her mother was a foreign exchange student at Washington State University, where she had met Riya. Riya was from La Push, Washington. Riya had taken Jacquelyn down to the reservation during their winter break, so that she wouldn't have to spend her holidays alone in their room. And so, that's when Bryan met Jacquelyn. They hit it off instantly, it was almost a love at first sight kind of thing. Jacquelyn left school and married Bryan, giving up her education and moving permanently to the US. Two sacrifices she didn't mind at the time, but over the years she grew to regret. So, ten years ago, when she meets Jorge at a gas station and he offers her a chance to start over, she took it. Never looking back and never saying goodbye. Leaving her family in the dust while she ran off into the sunset with that asswipe. Jacquelyn's hurtful actions left them all wounded. Her feeling remorse about her life decisions shouldn't have resulted in the way things turned out in the end. But hey, that's life for you. Graciella was a replica of her mother. She had her skin tone, her dark, curly locks. It was always a surprise to people that Paul and her were siblings, they looked so different, the only thing they had in common was their light brown eyes. Graciella feared her resemble to her mother made it harder for her dad to get over my her, there were times where he would just stare at her for a long time. Pain evident in his eyes, his lips pursed, but he never said a word to her. Healing takes time, and the amount of time that it takes to heal is different for every human being. It took Paul and Graciella a long time to get over the heartache their mother caused but they had each other to rely on. All Graciella wanted was for her father to be happy and move on someday, and she hoped that day was soon. Because her father's lifestyle was unhealthy and depressing. She couldn't bare to watch it any longer. Besides, she missed him. She missed her father terribly, she needed him. Graciella just wanted her father back. Paul did too. That was a theory of hers; Paul's strange behavior was an act. Maybe Paul was doing it on purpose, in hopes of gaining their father's attention and concern, trying to snap him out of his daze and get a reaction. All Graciella knew was that Paul had been acting weird for almost three months now and her dad still hadn't said anything to him. Walking into her room, Graciella grabbed her phone, pulling up her messages and opening the group chat labeled.. The PowerPuff Girls ...? She let out a small laugh, those goofballs had changed the chat's name, again. She typed... Who changed the group chat name? – Buttercup And why the hell am I buttercup? -_- – Buttercup Because, you got a sour pussy just like her sour ass personality ;) – Bubbles Really bitch? really? – Buttercup You got a problem buttercup? catch me outside, how bout dat - bubbles I made it, aren't I an absolute genius? ;D – Blossom Why powerpuff girls thoo? - Buttercup Because we are three bad as fuck bitches, who are powerful, strong, beautiful, glamorous, and fabulous! And we don't need no man in our lives! Need I say more? – Blossom Michael, honey, your gay is showing – Buttercup And I'm owning it girly! – Blossom WERRRRRK IT GURRRL WERRRRRRK IT! – Bubbles I hate you two so much sometimes – Buttercup See! This is why your Buttercup! Always so uptight and bitchy! You need some dick in yo life! – Bubbles JoEL I WILL SMACK THE GAY OUT OF YOU – Buttercup ohhh, I like it rough baby ;O – Bubbles puLL MY HAIR AND MAKE ME CALL U DADDY WHILE YOU'RE AT IT – Bubbles FUCK YOU – Buttercup When and where ? – Bubbles Can I join? I've always wanted to have a threesome... – Blossom oH MY GOD – Buttercup Just meet me at the beach in 20 you sex crazed freaks – Buttercup Sex on the beach ? I like it – Bubbles Kinky (; – Blossom That's it. I'm murdering the both of you. – Buttercup Michael and Joel, Graciella's two idiotic, inappropriate, gay best friends. They were amazing and she loved them, she really did. She just couldn't stand them sometimes, not in a bad way though, more like in a they acted so stupid sometimes that she just didn't know how to deal with them kind of way. They both were so dirty minded and sassy, Graciella loved that about them. Graciella was no saint either, she also had a dirty mind and raging teen hormones, but what teen didn't? Joel and Michael took things to the next level though, and while it was hilarious at times, there would also be moments in which Graciella turned bright red with embarrassment. Covering her face with her small hands while Joel and Michael laughed their asses off. Graciella pulled a black hoodie over her head. It matched perfectly with her black, ripped jeans and her black vans. Graciella loved black clothing, she wore it all the time. Michael and Joel made fun of her, calling her an emo chicken nugget. She liked rock music, she listened to all kinds of bands, but Graciella didn't consider herself as one of those punk, emo kids, or whatever. She just happened to like dressing in all black, all the time. There was nothing to it, really. Grabbing her house keys and phone, she shoved them into the big pocket of her hoodie. She didn't bother leaving a note saying she was going out. No one would read it anyways, she was sure she'd be back before both her father and Paul. The beach wasn't far from her house, only a fifteen minute walk. Graciella enjoyed walking. It gave her time to think properly, she could breath better, think clearer. She thought about the future. School was starting in two days, she would be a sophomore this year, Paul a junior. She