Summary: In the Forest of Dean, Hermione found herself. In the foyer of Malfoy Manor, she broke. Post-War, she's fighting for sanity. It doesn't help either that a certain werewolf Snatcher decides to turn her world upside down. A retelling of Hermione's experiences during the Seventh Book. Contains word play/embellished language, departures from canon, and a bit of Ron bashing. Rated M for sexual content and disturbing themes. Warnings: Over the top story telling, dark themes, torture, reference to rape (but no non-con), mental illness, and animalistic behaviour. Author's Note: I wrote this to entertain myself and challenge myself with a bit of existential concepts and word play. Kind of jumps around and has a jarring structure. This first chapter is a mammoth (just over 6,000 words), but the subsequent chapters will be a more reasonable size (approx 2,000 - 3,500 words). Let me know what you think – if it's worth reading, I'll keep writing. Chapter 1: Catch Me If You Can As she rested her head against the aging English Oak, Hermione reflected the days past. Since they had gone on the run, an incredible change had occurred between Harry and Ron. She acknowledged that it was only to be expected. Ever since she had met him, Hermione knew Ron was a bully. From his nasty words cutting to her core and his little jealous spats with Harry, Ron had not done himself a world of favours in her eyes. At first, Hermione had been heartbroken but as the years passed she had come to fancy the argumentative boy – the same way she realised some girls liked the 'bad boys'. It had taken her a while but when she finally realised Ron wasn't going to suddenly change into a person that would treat her any better, the sudden switch from 'childhood crush' to 'disgusting twat' was astonishingly fast. Hermione and Harry loved one another as the siblings they never had; Ron somehow lived in their group as a mate, a person that Harry used as a sounding board for his ridiculous plans and inside jokes and boy's talk in the night. But without the buffer of the boys from the dormitory out here in the wilderness, it quickly became evident that Ron and Harry had little in common besides being in the same place at the same time. In a way she never knew possible, she had become closer with Harry. It was a blessing in disguise when Ron's jealous fury came to a spectacular head on that miserable day in the forest. When Harry finally told her why Ron had left, jealousy once again, Hermione felt a deep gorge erupt in her heart. Ron was jealous of her and Harry . The thought of Ron being jealous of their relationship was disgusting. Ron treating Harry that way – the way she had treated Harry back in fourth year – stabbed a spear in her heart. She felt like she was the one that had come between them, despite knowing that Ron's attitude wasn't her fault. And yet it made her feel infinitesimally smaller. From her earliest memories, Hermione felt uncomfortable with herself in ways inexpiable, always having to speak and demand and lecture until everyone was gone and realising that she had been the one to drive them away. Even when reading in the muffling silence of a library, a dialogue echoed in her head, connecting logic and knowledge almost faster than her neurons could fire. Silence held a stronghold in her heart, causing fear in every pause of conversation. And yet… In the strange stillness of a forest when even the birds and insects had gone quiet, sensing the magical storm brewing in England, she found herself. Slowly the feeling of almost suffocating self-hate began to abate. Hermione came to terms with the fact that Ron's behaviour wasn't her fault, that he belonged only to himself and it was time the wretched boy took responsibility for his actions. After stumbling upon this epiphany, a huge breath of air filled Hermione's lungs, as if resurfacing from years of ignorantly keeping her head under water. She was shaken by the freedom of fate, the loss of control, the ability to just be. The shocking revelation felt like a star exploding in the universe of her conscious, suddenly aware of the nebula of life expanding around her. She became aware, painfully so, of everything around her and she had been so completely unaware of its breathtaking simplicity until she was willing to see it for herself. What is, what was, no matter how hard you tried to change it. And it was beautiful. Within this odd comfort, Hermione and Harry had found companionship in the loneliness. Alone but together. In control of nothing. They turned off the radio Ron insisted on listening to day in and day out, slowly growing accustomed to not having to speak to feel the presence of the other. Despite the constant silence she had once feared, Harry liked her (stayed with her) anyway. Camping had always been something of a novelty for Hermione. Now, against all her expectations of a future researching indoors, she found herself living in peace in the way she instinctively felt humans were meant to. Breathing in the smell of rain in the morning, a freezing bath in lake water and the thrill of a hunt, tracking for food and clutching to survival. Falling asleep to the smell of charred smoke on her clothes and the good company of a friend – a brother – who would watch her back day in and day out. And it was fun in a bizarre, darkly humorous sort of way. Harry would laugh as Hermione would gasp painfully as she washed in the bitterly cold lakes of the forest, facing away to preserve her privacy yet remaining close enough to protect her dignity. She was always sure to return the favour, even throwing a playful dunking charm at his head when his guard was down and would laugh endlessly as his spluttered oaths. When they collected wood for their fires, Harry would find a twig resembling a wand and would 'cast' jinxes at her; she reciprocated by pretending the spells worked and falling to the ground as if her legs were turned to jelly. Their laughter would ring and echo in the forest, as light and joyful as church bells. There was nothing romantic about it, even though the situation would seem deeply intimate on the outside. They had even spent a few evenings discussing late into the night about the very topic and eventually admitting to one another that they loved each other, but it was an intricately simple love. Love that siblings share and though neither knew what that meant having grown up without brothers or sisters, their heart beat the same. Childish , she mused, would be the word – but without the negative connotation. Innocent may be more appropriate. Like two runaways from a storybook. She smiled, recalling the tales she used to read endlessly of The Boxcar Children and their adventures of an adult-free childhood. Or the beautiful simplicity of Neverland and The Lost Boys (and lost girl, if Hermione was feeling grammatically correct). It was easy to forget the horror of the outside world in this black-and-white simplicity. Her thoughts came to a crashing halt as she felt a strange disturbance in the force, although she allowed a small smile at the muggle reference as it churned in her mind. Her smile quickly turned into a frown as her protection wards reverberated in the back of her mind warningly, like a fly struggling in a spider web. Silent as a doe, she rose to her feet and carefully crept through the forest. The months she and Harry had spent tracking deer and small animals in the dense trees taught her how to avoid the crackling of twigs and to keep her presence to a minimum. She allowed the odd feeling of ' this way' in her mind to guide her to the source of the magical interference, allowing her feet to deftly move over the forest floor like a ghost. Hermione pursed her lips irritably as she found herself standing in a small clearing, cut away by a wee bubbling brook feeding the ancient, unmoving willows. Her privacy ward lay two feet before her, keeping in any sound, smell and sight from unwanted outsiders. Normally, Hermione wouldn't venture so far from the camp and leaving Harry exposed to attack left a bitter taste in her mouth. Upon seeing nothing worth concern, she turned on the balls of her feet, intent to return to the camp when she stopped spinning abruptly and she let out a strangled gasp. A man stood directly before her, peering into the darkness. Similar to how she assumed a seventeenth century pirate would appear, this man towered above her with thickly kohled eyes, tan, sun beaten skin and heavy black clothing – the only colour being a splash of a distinctive red band wrapped around his triceps and well-worn plaid stitches. Snatcher , Hermione thought with abrupt horror. What is he doing all the way out here?! The man turned and Hermione clapped a hand over her mouth to stifle a strangled cry, desperate to not give herself away despite her iron-strong wards. The man scanned the horizon and, horrifyingly, his electric blue eyes locked with Hermione's terrified gaze. His nostrils flared as he took a deep breath, smelling a scent on the wind. A smirk quirked his otherwise blank expression. Her perfume. Hermione knew in that instant that he could see her. Distress tingled deep inside her mind – the wards aren't down! Her mind quickly supplied. And yet could see through them, like Mrs. Norris could see through Harry's invisibility cloak on occasion. Blown animalistic pupils piercing her with a single-minded fixation, razor sharp cheekbones and a roughish handsomeness gave him away. Elf, veela, vampire? No – werewolf , she thought frantically, her mind sifting through escape tactics at record speed. If a magical being other than a human got close enough to the wards, they would be able to see through them – this normally wouldn't matter, of course, as long as Hermione and Harry kept out of sight of the boundary of the wards. Think, think, think dammit! She screamed internally as her mind drew a blank on escape routes. Her mouth fell slack and she felt her body beg to obey an animalistic need to run! Hermione could feel a blood curdling scream crawling up her throat while pinned under his hooded gaze, but she supressed it with sheer determination. Her scrambled mind suddenly calmed. Hermione remembered, distantly, I'm between him and Harry – and he doesn't know Harry's here. Just me. And I can lead him away. She lowered her trembling hand from her pale face and defiantly raised an eyebrow at the monster in a silent challenge (and, admittedly, her best impression of a Malfoy glare). Come and get me, asshole . The man's lips curled upwards, incredibly sharp canines bared in an alarmingly confident grin. Hermione felt herself pale even further and balked as the man winked at her suggestively, raising his own eyebrow in response to her rather weak challenge. She felt her nostrils flare at the act and drew her wand at record speed just as a voice broke the deafening silence. "Scabior, whatcha hell ya doin'?! Move on, yea!" Hermione felt her eyes instinctively jump without her permission to the other Snatchers stumbling into the clearing and a flash of movement in her peripheral vision stunned her like a deer in the headlights. A larger body tackled into her, making her drop her drawn wand onto the leafy forest floor in shock. An explosion of agony rocked her mind as the wards warped, bounced, and shattered like a popped soap bubble under the werewolf's attack, forcing her to arch her back