Author's Note: This story was written as part of the holiday collection: #OurFavoriteThings for Dramione FanFiction Forum, Hermione's Haven, and The Slytherin Cabal. Other stories from the collection can be found on Ao3. Even though the holidays are over, I do hope you enjoy this! Please make sure to review when you're finished! Happy holidays! Love xxDustNight Disclaimer: All non-original characters, plot points, and information belongs to J.K. Rowling. The story plot and dialogue belongs to me. I do not write for profit. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Just for Now Rated: T Pairing: Hermione/Draco Song recommendation: "Just for Now" covered by Kelly Clarkson, Wrapped in Red Summary: Newly engaged Hermione and Draco attend an extremely awkward Christmas Eve dinner at his parent's Manor. Will their love be enough to help them withstand the intense tension of the situation? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Just for Now Getting engaged right before the holidays was probably not the best of ideas, Draco thought as he watched Hermione frantically tear apart their closet in search of the perfect outfit to wear to dinner at the Manor. With his parents. His parents, who until recently, highly disapproved of his relationship with one Hermione Jean Granger. Frowning slightly from where he stood in the doorway, he thought about everything the two of them had gone through these past two years. The backlash from their families and friends had been horribly difficult to deal with, both sides thinking they would never work as a couple. There'd been plenty of fights, crying, and cold shoulders, but they'd survived. They were stronger for it, he thought, and that is why he'd asked Hermione to be his wife just a few short weeks ago. Now, though, they had to deal with the aftermath of his decision, and he was uncertain how everyone would react. His parents were the first to know, having received an owl earlier that week. Then, a day later, he'd gotten a reply along with the invitation for the two of them to attend Christmas Eve dinner. Together. At the Manor. He'd been hesitant to inform Hermione, but she'd taken to it like the Gryffindor he knew she was. She nodded and gave a firm smile before kissing his cheek. Hermione agreeing to Christmas Eve dinner at the place where she'd been tortured by his very aunt, well…that was something, and he loved her even more for it. Suddenly, he noticed she was no longer rummaging through the closet, but standing in front of it, her shoulders shaking. It was a sure sign she was crying, and so he moved forward, wrapping his arms around her from behind and nuzzling his chin into the crook of her neck. She relaxed into the embrace immediately, her hands fluttering up to wrap securely around his forearms. "What's wrong, Hermione? Why are you crying?" His voice was quiet, soothing even. Sighing, Hermione let her teary eyes fall closed, not caring that her makeup was probably quickly becoming ruined. "I'm nervous, to be honest. Scared—I don't want to do or say the wrong thing tonight." Turning in his arms, she glanced up into his face, biting her rouged lip. "This is an important night for you and your parents." "What?" Draco blinked in confusion at his fiancée. "For me and my parents? "Yes, Draco. Tonight you're bringing me to your family home, not as a friend or even a girlfriend, but your future wife." She swallowed, fighting back more tears. "Despite everything, I know how much their approval of what you do means to you. I want everything to be perfect." Draco thought about her words for a quiet moment, the truth behind them making him lightheaded. "Okay, here's what I want you to do…" He took her face in his hands, swiping his thumbs underneath her eyes to rid them of her tears. "I want you to relax and remember that it's Christmas, alright? My parents may be a bit difficult to deal with at times, but I think this is their way of making an effort to accept you—to accept us ." She took a shuddering breath, sniffling as she did so. "I guess you're right." "I'm always right," he joked, smirking lightly. She elbowed him and he pretended to be wounded. "Hey, that hurts." It made her laugh, which is what he was going for. "Listen, just for now, put aside your worries, slip into your favorite red dress, and let's go and have a nice evening. How does that sound?" Nodding, Hermione sniffled one last time before reaching for the hanger with her dress. As Draco made to leave the room, allowing her to get ready, she stopped him with a gentle hand on his shoulder. Kissing his cheek, she said, "Thank you…and for the record, it's your favorite dress." "Too right," he replied. She giggled, her nose crinkling as he left the room. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Later that evening, Hermione and Draco sat in the parlor at the Malfoy Manor. Both were sipping glass mugs of mulled wine, the alcohol calming their nerves. They still had a bit of time before dinner was to be served, so Narcissa insisted they'd exchange gifts earlier in the evening. Tentatively, Hermione pulled Lucius and Narcissa's gifts from her bag, handing them to Draco to distribute accordingly. She'd made certain the wrappings were perfect, white paper and gold trimmed red bows. Lucius was first to open his gift, setting aside his tumbler of firewhiskey. He peered inside the box for a moment before extracting the green leather-bound ledger. Smoothing a hand over the surface, he glanced once at his wife before meeting Hermione's anxious gaze. "Ms. Granger, this is a lovely and useful gift. Thank you." His voice was a bit strained, but there was an honesty to it that calmed Hermione. A smile broke out on her face and she readjusted her posture, sitting up a bit straighter. "You're welcome. Draco hinted that yours was wearing a bit thin." Draco smiled warmly at her, taking hold of her hand. The couple then waited patiently for Narcissa to settle onto the sofa next to her husband, her elegant hands untying the bow on her own gift. She said nothing as she opened the lid to the package before reaching inside. Carefully, she withdrew an exquisitely carved music box, the smooth wooden surface decorated with hand painted poinsettias. Lifting the lid, Narcissa's hand fluttered to her neck as the first few notes of Silent Night began to play. Glancing at Lucius, she shared an unspoken conversation with him before turning her attention back to Hermione and her son. "This is stunning…" She trailed off, overcome with emotion. Lucius took the music box from her lap, gently closing the lid and cutting off the music. "I'm afraid," she said after clearing her throat, "that our gift may not be as…heartfelt." "Nonsense, mother," Draco said with a tightlipped smile. "Anything you get us, will be cherished." He felt Hermione tense at his words, knowing she understood the underlying meaning. Whatever they were about to receive was a gift that was bought out of necessity, not thought. Nevertheless, they both smiled as Lucius passed over the meticulously wrapped package. Draco allowed Hermione the privilege of unwrapping the gift seeing as she'd been the one to suggest the ones they'd bought for his parents. He noticed the way her hands shook as she tugged at the silver bow, slid a fingernail underneath the edge of the green paper. Helping her open the box, he waited with bated breath as she gently pulled out the sparkling glass decanter. Carefully avoiding her gaze, he met his father's, his gut clenching at the flash of remorse he saw there. "How did you know?" Hermione, ever full of politeness began, "It's just what I've always wanted." With a brilliant smile, she turned to Draco, handing him the gift. He quirked an eyebrow, but played along, amazed by his fiancée. "You can never have too many of these." He returned the decanter to its packaging and set it aside before reaching for his glass of mulled wine. He drained the glass, the feel of his mother's nervous gaze on him the entire time. "We were uncertain if you would have use of it…" Narcissa trailed off, standing to check on the dinner. She left the room momentarily, both to compose herself after the embarrassment of gifting such a subpar present, and to see how much longer their meal would be. Lucius, stood as well, collecting their empty glasses to set upon the drinks cart by the nine foot tree. Draco and Hermione sat there quietly, both feeling the awkwardness of the evening settle around them once more. Leaning over, he gave her a brief kiss on the cheek, glad to see the small smile of reassurance grace her lips. They only had to make it through another two hours or so…they could do this. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Halfway into to dinner, and Draco couldn't believe how horribly of a turn the night had taken. All was well until the house elves had come into the dining room to serve the meal. All ten of them. Having fought valiantly for the rights of house elves since the end of the war, Hermione was unable to keep quiet, immediately launching into a line of questioning regarding their care and wages. Narcissa and Lucius sat there, forks and knives in hand, staring at her with flabbergasted looks upon their faces. Bless his parents, they answered each question to the best of their ability, clearly following all laws required of them. Each time she'd ask a new question, Draco would gently kick her under the table, silently urging her to choose a new topic of discussion. She would give him a stern look, but not back down, her fiery Gryffindor side clawing its way to the surface. He loved her desperately, but when he heard his father mumble, 'Will someone make her shut up about it,' to his mother he knew he had to do something drastic before it got out of hand. His father was bound to lose his cool sooner or later, but he preferred to avoid that entirely. "Can we settle down please," he asked everyone, thankful when their voices quieted. Hermione nodded at him, a blush appearing high on her cheekbones as she reached for her glass of wine. His mother smiled at him thankfully, her hand reaching out to hold her husband's on the tabletop. It felt good to have his mother on his side, as always. "Hermione, dear, I've read all your books and pamphlets on the subject of House Elf rights," the elegant Mistress of the house explained. "I take great measures to ensure that all our house elves are treated exactly as they should be." "Oh," Hermione said, sounding defeated. "That's—that's good then." "Yes," drawled Lucius, his finger tracing the rim of his wine glass. "It would be rather awkward to be arrested by my son's fiancée at Christmas Eve dinner." Blinking, Draco stared at his father in complete and utter shock. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Hermione bite her lip, and heard her sharp intake of breath. Narcissa, clearly unable to deal with the situation any longer, excused herself as she abruptly stood from the