Author's Note: This story was written for Round Three of the Slytherin Cabal's Death by Quill Writing Challenge. It took 3rd place during the third round and moved me to the final round. This is probably one of my favorite stories I've ever written. Writing Dark!Hermione was surprisingly refreshing! Enjoy! xxDustNight Disclaimer: All non-original characters, plot points, and information belong to J.K. Rowling. The story plot and dialogue belongs to me. The cover photo is made from pictures I found on Google. I do not write for profit. Special thanks to starrnobella who not only beta read this story, but also encouraged me to run with this dark little plunny! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . He Loves Me, She Loves Me Not Rated: M Pairing: Severus/Hermione Summary: He loves her. She doesn't love him. She knows. He doesn't. He wants nothing more than for her to return his affections. She uses this to her advantage. Trigger Warnings: Sexual Content, Unrequited Love, Emotional Manipulation Prompt: Desperation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . He Loves Me, She Loves Me Not He loves me… It started out innocently enough, Hermione waving her hand about in Potions class, frantically seeking his attention. He would ignore her for as long as possible, calling on other students for answers he knew would be wrong. It gave him satisfaction to watch her squirm, vying for his attention almost obsessively. So, class after class, he would ask his difficult questions, the spark inside of him igniting when her chocolate eyes would grow wide with recognition. He adored the way she was barely able to remain seated as her hand waved about in the air, drawing his attention to her. As the years moved forward, her silly hand-waving diminished as the Dark times fell heavily on their shoulders, weighing them down until it was no longer pleasurable forcing her to beg for his attention. Eventually, she stopped volunteering altogether, but that was when he began seeking her out. At some point, Severus realized he missed irritating the bushy-haired Gryffindor, choosing to call on the other students instead. In an effort to rectify the situation, he would call on her when she least expected it, half hoping to catch her off guard, but she never disappointed him. Hermione Granger always had the answer. And late that final year she spent at Hogwarts, was when it dawned on him…he had unknowingly developed sentimental feelings for the Muggleborn girl. Severus knew it was unhealthy, and he would never dare act upon such feelings; but it definitely made him realize that it was possible to love again. Maybe it was that she was reminiscent of Lily, or maybe it was just because he was lonely; nevertheless, it was a wake-up call—one which allowed him to wish for a different outcome to this seemingly endless war. She loves me not… It was difficult being one of the few Muggleborn students at Hogwarts. All Hermione wanted was to prove herself worthy of being in this world, oh so different from where she grew up. She wanted to be top in all her classes, especially the hardest one of them all: Potions. That's why, class after class, she would throw her hand into the air after every question Professor Snape asked of them. She knew all the answers, so why did he torture her so? Why did he ignore her until she remained the only viable option? Oh but when he would call on her…it was pure heaven. Finally, she would be able to share her cleverness with the class, showing them she knew just as much as they did. Proving she belonged here. With Dark times upon them, however, the thrill of drawing attention to herself faded. No longer did she want people to recognize her as the knowledgeable, Muggleborn girl who knew all the answers. No, she'd much rather sit in the back of the classroom with her friends, secretly planning for the worst that they all knew was yet to come. Pursuing knowledge was still her main objective, but the way in which she procured it was different now. So when Snape began calling on her out of the blue, in a way that was meant to humiliate her, she found herself resenting the man. After the war ended, and she returned to Hogwarts to sit her NEWTS, she was almost surprised to see that Snape had returned as well. She'd helped save him from the wounds inflicted by Nagini, luckily having a jar of Phoenix tears in her satchel at the time of the incident. She'd never expected to see him return to his post as Potions Master, his presence making her almost uncomfortable. Despite her trepidations, after deciding to forgo the offered position to work for the Department of Regulation and Care of Magical Creatures, she instead took an apprenticeship with her former Professor, hoping to one day become a Potions Master herself. She could endure his presence for now. He loves me… A little over a year into her apprenticeship, and Hermione's presence had greatly grown on Severus. She was far more captivating than he originally thought, her intellect surpassing any student he'd ever had the pleasure of teaching. Without the hindrance of tedious classmates keeping his attention or barraging her for help, Hermione was able to flourish in the Potions lab. Severus found himself looking forward to their morning sessions, waking earlier than necessary to meet her in his dungeon. He also found himself dismissing his last class of the day ten minutes before he was supposed to just so he and Hermione would have more time alone. His actions were entirely out of character for himself, but he couldn't seem to hold back when it came to her. Whenever he was with Hermione, molding her potions skills, Severus was certain he knew what true happiness could be like. Coming to stand behind Hermione, where she was patiently stirring a batch of blood replenishing potion, Severus quietly observed her technique. While he was there, he could smell the intoxicating scent of her hair, like vanilla and honey. He observed the way her soft curves moved as she stirred, her robes having been discarded as the temperature in the dungeon warmed over the course of the evening. Her hair was swept into a messy sort of bun on the top of her head, and the column of her neck looked ever so enticing. He was so enamored with her ministrations, he almost didn't hear her question. Swallowing heavily, he blinked back into the present. "I apologize, Miss Granger. Would you repeat the question?" His voice didn't waver as he drew his robes around himself, hiding the evidence of his train of thought as he took a step backward. "I asked if my potion looked to be the right consistency," Hermione mumbled, briefly glancing over her shoulder. She quickly returned her attention to the simmering potion, her hand continuing to stir clockwise ten times, and then counterclockwise once before repeating. Taking the opportunity to move into her personal space, Severus leaned over to observe the potion. Swiftly, so as not to disturb the process, he settled his hand over top hers and continued stirring with her. He felt her sharp intake of breath, the way her body stiffened as he settled against her small frame. Gently, he tested the consistency as they stirred together, enjoying the warmth Hermione radiated through his robes. Withdrawing his hand from hers, he murmured into her ear, "The potion is perfect, Miss Granger. I'd say once you're finished with stirring, it will be ready to bottle." With wide eyes, she turned her head to stare at him and it took everything in his power to resist the temptation to kiss her just then. She said nothing as her hand came to a stop, silently watching him. Noticing a stray curl that came loose from her bun, Severus decided to press his luck, reaching forward with long fingers to sweep the tendril behind her right ear. Satisfied when she didn't flinch away, he once again resumed his normal façade. But oh how he yearned for her to reciprocate these budding feelings. She loves me not… Professor Snape—no! Severus just tucked a strand of hair behind her bloody ear after practically holding her hand while brewing a potion! Dear sweet Merlin it was far too reminiscent of that movie, Ghost . Except…she wasn't dead, nor was she in love with him! Staring up at him in near shock, she had to admit he was handsome, in an older wizard sort of way. However, she was far, far from having feelings for her old professor. Heart beating frantically, Hermione bit her lip as a million thoughts ran through her head. If she balked, or showed any sort of disgust towards his advances, he might grow furious with her and force her to leave her apprenticeship. In fact, she knew that's what he would do. Severus was a man of pride and privacy, and if embarrassed, he would push her away. That is most certainly not what she needed. What she needed, most desperately , was to finish her apprenticeship within three years and get into one of the best Potions academies in Britain. If she alienated Severus Snape, all her plans would be for naught. She would be cast aside in the Potion Mastery world forever. He would see to that. Swallowing, Hermione decided that she could play along for now. While she didn't feel entirely thrilled about leading someone on, she knew she wouldn't be the first witch to use their feminine wiles to achieve their goals. So, allowing a semi-seductive smile to curl on her plump lips, Hermione Granger reached forward and tentatively placed her palm on Severus's forearm. "Thank you, Severus," she practically purred, peering up at him through her lashes. "I couldn't have brewed this to perfection without your guidance ." She rubbed her thumb back and forth over his arm as she spoke, putting emphasis on her words so he would fall for her ploy. Seeming almost taken aback by her sudden change in demeanor, Severus glanced briefly at her hand before meeting her eyes. "You are most welcome," he replied, the ghost of a smile flitting across his face. Then, inclining his head to her, he turned and swept back to his own potion station. Hermione could still feel his gaze upon her as she bottled her potion up for storage, coming to the conclusion that it would be far easier than she originally thought to keep the Potions Master interested in her. He loves me… A guttural moan escaped his lips as Hermione worked her mouth over his hardened length underneath the desk. Her delicate little hand held the base of his cock as the other gently massaged his bollocks. But it was the wet heat of her mouth that was driving him insane, her tongue pressing against him before swirling over the head. As she sucked him deep into her throat, he couldn't help his hips from lifting from the chair. "Sweet Salazar ," he cried out, pale hands gripping the armrests of his chair. In the year since she'd first shown interest in his advances, Severus managed to show Hermione just how much she meant to him. He loved her most desperately, unable to deny her a single request and wanting to do everything in his power to make her happy. In return, Hermione indulged his affections and made