Author's Note: Finally able to share this story with you all. It was written for the Not That Kind of Thirsty: Lemonade One-Shot competition hosted by Quills & Parchment. It won for Btest Shower Sex and came in Runner-Up for Best Self Love/Masturbation. It's originally posted on Ao3, so if you'd like to check out other stories from that collection, head on over there. I want to thank starrnobella for beta reading for me. This will have a Part II eventually so keep a look out for it! xxDustNight Disclaimer: All non-original characters, plot points, and information belongs to J.K. Rowling. The story plot and dialogue belongs to me. I do not write for profit. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Set Me Free Rated: M Pairing: Hermione/Severus Winner: Best Shower Sex Runner-Up: Best Self Love/Masturbation Summary: Ten years after the war, Hermione stumbles into a small Wizarding pub in Seascale, England. Little does she know, she's about to come face-to-face with someone thought to be dead. What happens when Severus invites her to share his room? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Set Me Free Just past midday, Hermione Granger stepped off the train in the small town of Seascale, England. She'd purchased a ticket earlier that morning, not particularly caring where she ended up. All she knew was that she needed to get away from London and everything and everyone there. She felt weighed down by her life and the expectations that sat heavily on her shoulders since the war ended ten years ago. She was looking for a change. She was looking for space. She was looking for something to make her feel free. Wrapping her arms around her middle, she lifted her chin and walked down the platform and into the town. Having absolutely no idea where to go, she let herself wander, taking in the sights. It was a dreary sort of day in late autumn, and the breeze from the sea penetrated her thick jumper, making her feel rather chilled. Having left without a plan in mind, she only had her purse with the undetectable extending charm where she'd thrown the necessities. She figured when she found the place she wanted to settle, she could purchase whatever else she needed. Wandering towards the edge of the town, near where the beach began, she found a small pub that the Muggles seemed to be ignoring. Smiling, Hermione realized she unknowingly stumbled upon a Wizarding establishment. Hoping she was far enough away from 'home' to not be recognized, she walked to the door and reached for the handle. Nervously biting her lip, she entered the Scale's Edge and made her way towards the bar. Using her curls as a way to shield her face, she settled herself onto a barstool at the end of the counter and waited for the barkeep to come and take her order. "What'll it be?" "Firewhiskey on the rocks, please," she ordered, deciding she didn't care if it was only half past noon. The older wizard nodded before wandering off to get her drink. When he returned, he sat the tumbler down and asked if she wanted anything else, so Hermione asked for the lunch special. With that taken care of, she slipped a hand into her bag and withdrew a book to pass the time while she waited on her fish and chips. One hour, three whiskeys, and six chapters later, and Hermione found herself completely relaxed while sitting at the bar. That's why, when she saw movement out of the corner of her eye, she bristled with annoyance as a man took up the stool next to her. Inhaling, she prepared herself to tell the man to fuck off, or at least go bother one of the four other women scattered about the room. When she turned to face him, her breath came rushing out of her all at once, brown eyes going wide with shock. There, glowering at her, was a man thought to be dead these past ten years. Heart pounding, she reached out shakily, her intention to touch the man's face, if only to prove he was real and not a figment of her war boggled mind. Before her hand could make contact, his shot out—long, pale fingers coiling tightly around her wrist and effectively solving the mystery of his existence. She wet her lips, eyes flickering down to where he held her, then back to his face. "Severus." Her words came out quietly, barely above a whisper as a million questions popped into the forefront of her mind. How was he alive? What was he doing here? Why didn't he come back? He's been cleared of all charges! It'd been in all the papers. Hadn't it? Opening her mouth to voice some of these inquiries, she was unsurprised to find his grip tightening around her wrist almost to the point of pain. "Not in here," her old professor hissed, finally releasing his grip on her to reach into his pocket and retrieve a few galleons. He placed them heavily on the bar before gesturing towards the door with his chin. He walked ahead without her, presuming she would follow. Staring after him, still in shock, Hermione quickly grabbed her book from the bar, downed the last of her drink, and rushed to follow him outside. The wind was blowing something fierce, the scent of the sea strong on the breeze. She found him staring out at the ocean at the edge of the road, hands in the pockets of his cloak. Approaching him from behind, she said nothing as she took up standing next to him, waiting for him to break the silence this time. Hearing him take a breath, she glanced up at him, the wind pushing her curls out of her face. "Miss Granger—" "Hermione," she cut him off a tad abruptly, causing his eyebrows to raise. Hastily, she cleared her throat, adding, "Please." "Very well," he replied, nodding. " Hermione , I never expected it would be you, out of everyone, to finally come for me." He turned slightly to see her more easily. "Come for you?" "Certainly you're here to arrest me, or at least force me to return to London and atone for sins during the War." As he spoke, he watched her brow furrow in confusion. Swallowing thickly, Hermione tried to wrap her mind around what Severus was saying. Holding up her hands, she stopped him from saying anything further. "What? No, I'm not here to arrest you—I didn't even know you were alive , let alone hiding out in Seascale…" Taking a step backward, Hermione raked a hand through her hair. "Of all the places I could have chosen to disappear, it just had to be the same one you chose." "Disappear? Hermione Granger wanted to disappear?" Severus's own curiosity was piqued now, and so he further asked, "Why would you want to disappear?" "How are you still alive?" "Touché." Hermione smiled upon seeing the corner of his mouth lift ever so slightly. The happiness faded at the realization that standing there in front of her really was Severus Snape. "I've come here to get away." Stepping closer to him, she sighed. "I'll leave you alone though, find someplace else to settle. Clearly you wanted to be left alone." Tugging her jumper closer around her, she made to step around him, to head back to the train station, but once again she found his hand wrapped around her wrist. He tugged her gently, causing her to whirl around and face him properly. Her heartbeat sped up as she met his steady gaze, the realization that she didn't quite want to leave, and she didn't mind his hand around her wrist running through the back of her head. "Where are you staying?" "Nowhere yet," she breathed, trying to ignore the warmth of his hand and the concern in his voice. "Come with me," Severus told her, his dark eyes raking over her face expectantly. Biting her lip, Hermione weighed the pros and cons quickly. Seeing no other option, and knowing he might explain things further to her, she nodded slowly, accepting his offer. "Alright," she murmured, averting her eyes as he released her wrist. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Staring at her reflection in the mirror, Hermione wondered for the umpteenth time that evening whether or not she should just grab her things and go… Severus had brought her back to the inn where he was staying, well, living. He'd been there for over a year now, and the room looked barely lived in. There were two beds, one by the balcony and the other pushed against the wall. He offered her the one by the balcony, his eyes not quite meeting hers as he did so. She suspected, that like her, he sometimes had issues with wide open places. She would be fine there for the short time she planned on staying. So, after a quiet evening that they both spent reading on their beds, Hermione decided it was time to take a shower and wash the travel from her body. As the mirror began to fog up with condensation, Hermione decided she'd spend just the one night and moved to enter the shower. As the hot water hit her chilled body, she felt herself begin to relax, the tension in her shoulders slowly dissipating. Closing her eyes, she put her face to the spray only to be bombarded with images of Severus. Jolting backwards, she found herself sputtering as water got in her eyes. Why would she be picturing him now of all times? Taking calming breaths, she tried to push him from her mind, choosing instead to wash her unruly hair. Once she'd rinsed her curls, she reached for a clean flannel and lathered it up with the simple bar of soap. Beginning to wash her heated skin, she found her mind wandering once again to the man in the other room. His dark, mysteriously sad eyes, his long hair, his fingers… As she ran the cloth over her chest, she gasped, realizing how sensitive her nipples currently were. They pebbled, and Hermione had to bite her lip from eliciting a moan aloud. Dragging the flannel lower, her mind was brought to earlier when he had her wrist wrapped tightly in those fingers. The cloth fell from her hand then, landing on the floor of the shower. With the hot water beating against her back, Hermione's hand traveled lower, imagining Severus's hands pinning both her wrists above her head. She sighed as her fingers found her damp core, one finger sliding down and then back up the slit. Trembling, she used her other hand to massage her breasts, pinching her nipples and causing her breath to hitch in her throat. She'd always been attracted to older men—Lockhart, Lupin, Sirius…Severus…and now here she was in the shower imagining that it was Severus touching her, stroking her, gliding two slick fingers into her wet heat. Groaning, she continued her ministrations, making sure to brush her thumb against her clit every third stroke. She wasn't going to last…and she didn't want to. She desperately wanted to cum, every nerve in her body on fire as desire coiled in her lower abdomen. She was panting now, eyes closed tightly as she pictured Severus here in the shower with her, only it was his cock instead of her fingers. Her