Author's Note: This story was written for Round Two of the Slytherin Cabal's Death by Quill Writing Challenge. It took 8th place during that second round which was justtttt enough to move me to Round Three! Enjoy! xxDustNight Disclaimer: All non-original characters, plot points, and information belong to J.K. Rowling. The story plot and dialogue belongs to me. The cover photo is made from pictures I found on Google. I do not write for profit. Also, thank you to starrnobella for beta-reading and cheering me on while I wrote my first Drarry! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Far Too Young To Die Rated: M Pairing: Draco/Harry Summary: They say that opposites attract, but is that the case for Draco and Harry? The light calls to Draco, while darkness lurks just below the surface for Harry. In the end, will light or darkness prevail? Song Recommendation: Far Too Young To Die by Panic! At The Disco Trigger Warnings: Dark, Angst, Character Death, Sectumsempra Prompt: Temptation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Far Too Young To Die It was a long time coming, this spiral into the darkness. If Harry was honest with himself, he wasn't entirely consumed by the darkness. No, but he was enamored by it. Ever since the Sorting Hat had considered placing him in Slytherin, the niggling little thought of darkness was planted in his mind. Over the years, it grew and grew until he was no longer able to hold those dark thoughts at bay. He would stare at the scar etched into his forehead for hours on end, contemplating the darkness that helped to create it. His fingertip tracing its jagged formation, green eyes envisioned what it might feel like to cast the killing curse. And that was how he found him. One night, Draco wandered into the same bathroom he was occupying and found him staring at his morose expression. The smirk that laced his lips was unnerving, and even annoying. He'd never understand. Darkness was a part of him . He'd been ensconced in the darkness since he was a child. Draco radiated darkness. It was all he knew. So when Draco taunted him, saying how he always knew Saint Potter liked to ogle himself in the mirror , he said nothing in return. Not at first, at least. Not until he was provoked . Oh how delightful it was. He turned, fury making his green eyes flash as he drew his wand and leveled it at the blond-haired git before him. Draco was prepared for such a turn of events, his wand already pointed at Harry. Draco continued to throw insult after insult at Harry, never noticing the way the boy's hands slowly steadied themselves as he thought about his next course of action. Surely, a simple stupefy would suffice, but—but there was another spell he wanted to try. It was one he'd read in his Potions textbook, courtesy of the Half-blood Prince. So as the duel got under way, Harry waited; the dark spell whispering through his thoughts to the point of distraction. He knew he should avoid it at all costs, what with him being the Chosen One. The one who would save them all from the Dark Lord himself. But as Draco pushed him into a corner, the Dark spell slipped from his lips without a second thought. Sectumsempra! The curse sliced into Draco with such force, he was thrown to the floor. Harry moved to stand overtop his bleeding form, watching as the seeping gashes ruined his white oxford shirt. Draco was dying, and it was all his fault. There was no way to take back the spell, and he knew not the counter curse. He'd been tempted by the darkness, and it was going to win. It would be a horrible tragedy—Draco was far too young to die! Already he could feel a coldness coating his heart, or was that all in his mind? Stepping away, he was relieved when Snape entered the demolished loo and proceeded to repair the damage he'd done to Draco. He was ushered from the room, but the image of his slip in judgement was seared into his brain. The worst part? Harry wanted more of the darkness. It was obscenely quiet in the Infirmary wing, the silence weighing heavily on Draco. He lay flat on his back, eyes wide open and unblinking as he stared at the moonlight filtering across the ceiling. The pain in his chest had diminished from a searing pain to a dull throbbing, but his heart was still utterly broken. Swallowing thickly, he let his burning eyes slide shut, refusing to let the tears escape. Malfoys did not cry. Malfoys didn't let their hearts get broken. And Malfoys most certainly did not fall in love with Harry Potter. At least, that's what Draco kept telling himself, as his right hand came up to rest gently overtop the bandages covering his wounds. When had he even fallen in love with Potter? He supposed it happened slowly, his desire to hate him changing into something more pure and light. It morphed into the sort of temptation one couldn't help but give into. Why had he been tempted to seek out Potter's attention tonight in such a negative way? Why had he followed him into that bathroom knowing it would only end in ruin? It was maddening . Ever since he was a first year, and Harry managed to best the Dark Lord, Draco wondered what that would be like. What would feel like to be on the light side? To be good. To be seen as the hero rather than the villain for once. Especially after second year, when many thought he was the heir of Slytherin, he'd wanted nothing more than a chance to fight for the light. He wasn't truly cut out for the darkness. He didn't want to kill…he didn't want to hurt people. Least of all Harry. With a sigh, Draco traced a finger overtop his bandages. Whatever Dark curse Harry used against him would leave a wretched scar, and nothing Madame Pomfrey could do would change that. It wasn't his vanity that made his heart ache over the fact that Harry had cursed him. Instead, it was that it was Harry . He was supposed to represent all things light. The good of their world. He was the Chosen One, the one that would vanquish the Dark Lord. What happened to him? Trying to relax, Draco threw his forearm over his eyes and attempted to push away his hurt feelings in order to get some rest. He had a task to take care of, after all. Dumbledore wasn't going to kill himself. Snorting decisively, Draco almost wished Harry had been successful in his attempt to thwart him. He didn't want to kill the Headmaster. He wanted to escape this place, maybe run away and seek refuge with the Order. He was tempted, even now, to do just that. He couldn't, though, or his parents would be killed. At least he could do that for them. Keeping his word so his parents were not brutally murdered by a madman was the best he could do for now. One tiny attempt at being good…even if it was a bit twisted. Groaning, Draco mumbled aloud to himself, "Just go to sleep, Draco." "They say talking to yourself is the first sign you've lost it," a voice pointed out, causing Draco to bolt upright in the bed. His right hand sought out his wand while the other clutched at his stinging wounds. Before he could ask who was there, Harry Potter shimmered into view, clearly having been hiding under his rumored invisibility cloak. "Potter," he hissed, glancing around to make sure they were entirely alone, "what in Merlin's name are you doing here?" "I came to see if you were alright," Harry admitted, running a hand through his messy hair, his green eyes darting away shamefully. "Come to finish the job?" Draco questioned with narrowed eyes. Anger flashed across Harry's face as he refocused on the blond. "No, but don't tempt me." "I never would take the Great Harry Potter as a murderer," he admitted, crossing his arms across his chest in an attempt to appear calculating, but also to protect his wounds. "Been allowing the Dark Lord play with your mind again?" "How do you—" "Never mind, I hear plenty from my father that he should keep to himself," came Draco's whispered explanation, flicking his head to get the fringe out of his eyes. "Back to the matter at hand—what was that curse you used against me?" Draco couldn't help but be a little curious; after all, it might come in useful in the near future. Shuffling his feet, Harry shrugged his shoulders once before moving to sit at the foot of the bed. "To be honest, I'm not sure. I found it in an old book…there wasn't much information besides stating it was for enemies." Slowly, he met Draco's piercing grey eyes, regret making it hard to breathe. "I guess…I'm sorry." There was something else in Harry's gaze, but Draco shrugged it off. He'd deal with whatever it was later. "I've never really given you much reason to believe I was anything but. An enemy, I mean." Sitting up straighter on the bed, he indicated for Harry to make himself more comfortable. Taking the invitation, Harry spread out so that their legs were situated alongside one another. "One could say, I instigated the entire ordeal." "I won't deny that," Harry laughed, before becoming serious once more. "Look Malfoy…I was wondering…would you be willing to teach me more about the Dark Arts. Using them. I—I want to be prepared for when I have to face Voldemort." "Well," Draco murmured, ignoring Harry's blatant use of the Dark Lord's full name, "I never really thought that you would come here tonight." He gestured between them, before continuing, "And I certainly , never expected you to come here and ask me to help you learn Dark magic." He almost felt disappointed. Almost . But in the back of his mind, he couldn't help but think that by teaching Harry, he would be allowed more time in his presence. It was a tempting offer. He weighed his options quickly, already seeing uncertainty making Harry fidget. Swallowing, he nodded once and then gave his answer. "You've got a deal, Potter." He held out his hand like he'd done back in first year, and this time, Harry took it. They shook quickly, but as it ended, both found they didn't quite want to let go. Both boys' eyes flickered from their connected hands to stare at one another. Draco inhaled sharply at the intensity of Harry's emerald gaze; it was unwavering, and full of an unknown desire. Harry was the first to pull back, his fingers grazing Draco's palm as he moved to stand from the bed. Draco shivered, watching in silence as he pulled the invisibility cloak around his shoulders once more, making his head appear to levitate. "When you're well enough, we'll meet in the Room of Requirement," Harry told him. Draco could do nothing but nod at the boy. Then, his head disappeared as well and Draco was left alone to his own thoughts. Was teaching the Boy Who Lived Dark magic worth the chance at fighting for the light side, or was he making a grave mistake? Right now, Draco had no idea, but whatever price there was to