Author's Note: Finally able to share this story with you all. It was written for the Under the Mistletoe One-Shot competition hosted by Quills & Parchment. It won for Cutest Couple and came in Runner-Up for Best Fluff and Best Love Confession. It's originally posted on Ao3, so if you'd like to check out other stories from that collection, head on over there. I want to thank my girls for talking me into not withdrawing from this competition and for urging me to finish my story. I love how it turned out, so this one's for all of you! xxDustNight Disclaimer: All non-original characters, plot points, and information belongs to J.K. Rowling. The story plot and dialogue belongs to me. I do not write for profit. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Scrabble Pieces & Marshmallow Kisses Rated: T Pairing: Scorpius/Albus Winner: Cutest Couple Runner-Up: Best Fluff and Best Love Confession Summary: This Christmas Eve, Scorpius has something special planned for Albus. So when the boy has a row with his father, he knows everything has to be perfect. With marshmallow-filled hot chocolate, strategically placed Scrabble pieces, and a perfectly-timed sprig of magical mistletoe, will he be able to make this a night Albus will never forget? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Scrabble Pieces & Marshmallow Kisses Reading, Scorpius was minding his own business in the nearly empty Slytherin common room, most of the school having returned home the winter break. He was sprawled out on the long leather sofa, his feet stretching towards the fireplace in the chilly dungeon. Turning the page of his Charms textbook, he ignored the three or four other Slytherin housemates chatting idly over in the corner. The only person he really talked to was Albus, and he was off speaking with the Headmistress, having been summoned half an hour earlier. As he continued to read ahead in Charms, Scorpius was startled when the portrait hole bursted open. In stalked Albus, his cheeks red with anger and hands clenched into fists. Scorpius sat up, tossing his book aside. Albus didn't even glance at him as he headed towards the dormitories. Slamming the door behind him, Albus disappeared, leaving the common room in shock. The other house members snickered before returning to their previous activities. Getting to his feet, Scorpius threw them a reproachful look before following after his best friend. He had no idea what the Headmistress had called him for, but he was going to find out. Scorpius ran a hand through his blond hair, worry making him uneasy. Tomorrow was Christmas Eve, and Scorpius just wanted a quiet holiday with his closest mate. Reaching the sixth year's door, Scorpius tilted his head, listening for a clue as to what he'd find on the other side. Hearing nothing out of the ordinary, he opened the door. Inside Albus was sprawled on his bed, face in the mattress. Unable to help himself, Scorpius snorted, signaling his presence. In reply, Albus mumbled into the duvet; his words slurred and unrecognizable. Closing the door, Scorpius laughed openly. "Not a clue what you're prattling on about," he teased, moving to sit on his bed. Rolling onto his back dramatically, Albus glared at the ceiling before chucking a piece of crumpled paper at Scorpius. The paper hit him in the chest before bouncing on the bed. Albus watched as his friend silently read the letter. With each passing second, the boy's blond eyebrows rose higher and higher, threatening to disappear entirely behind his fringe. The dark-haired boy waited until the letter was set aside before speaking. "My father's a complete twat." Thinking about the letter, he had to agree. "He could have worded it a bit… nicer ?" " Nicer ," Albus exclaimed, jumping to his feet to between their beds. "I think sending a letter to McGonagall demanding I come home for Christmas or face severe repercussions is anything but nice ." Stopping to stare at Scorpius, he added, "What's he going to do, come and drag me home by the ear?" "You can go home if you want…" "What?" Albus sat down next to the blond-haired boy. "Absolutely not. We agreed to spend Christmas together, and that's exactly what I intend to do." Sighing with relief, Scorpius scrubbed a hand over his face. "Thanks, Al. I didn't want to spend Christmas alone." Placing a hand on his friend's shoulder, Albus reassured him. "Next year will be better, Scorp. Your dad won't be traveling forever." "You're right." Shaking himself, Scorpius put on a smile, wanting to cheer Albus up, and not the other way around. "Besides, I've got something fun planned for tomorrow!" "You do?" Albus asked, quirking an eyebrow. "Care to share details?" "Oh no," he exclaimed, jumping from the bed. "No way! It's a surprise, and if I tell you even one hint, you'll figure it out." Rummaging in his trunk, he extracted his winter cloak. "In the meantime, let's head into Hogsmeade and have dinner at the Three Broomsticks." Grinning, Albus dove for his own trunk, voice filling with excitement. "Excellent! We can stop at that bookshop you like so much. Didn't you say there was a new book out you wanted?" Scorpius turned to look Albus, fingers stilling. A warmth filled his chest that Albus had remembered such a thing when he'd mentioned it in passing. Smiling slightly, he felt the warmth settle in the middle of his chest as he watched the dark-haired boy. "Yeah, actually. I did." "Thought so," Albus chimed before taking hold of Scorpius's hand and dragging him to the door. Scorpius wondered if he noticed the way their hands fit perfectly together, or if that was just him. Either way, tomorrow night his plans would make it clear how he felt for the boy who'd stolen his heart nearly six years ago. It'd taken him quite a while to realize what the feelings really were, but now there was no denying what he felt. He only hoped that Albus felt the same way, and if he didn't, that he'd still want to be his friend come Christmas morning. Christmas Eve turned out to be an exceptionally beautiful day. After a lie in, the two boys spent the afternoon wandering school grounds simply talking and playing in the snow. They'd stopped by Hagrid's to briefly say hello before heading inside for dinner. When it looked as if McGonagall was planning to corner Albus, Scorpius whisked him off to the dungeons. Alone in their dormitory, the pair lounged on their beds, eating sweets and sharing stories of holidays in the past. "So, what have you planned for this evening?" Rolling onto his side, Scorpius grinned mischievously. "That's for me to know, and you to find out." "Really mature…," Albus chastised his friend, but he was smiling as he did so. "It's late enough, is it time to get started?" "I suppose so," came Scorpius's reply as he sat up and moved from the bed. Going over to the wardrobe in the corner of the room, he pulled out a long, thin box that rattled as he tucked it underneath his arm. Turning to face Albus, he smirked. "Let's get going. We've got a bit of a walk ahead, and I want to stop at the kitchens." "Brilliant," his friend replied before meeting him at the door. Then noticing what was underneath his arm, asked, "Is that Scrabble? The Muggle board game?" Glancing down, Scorpius laughed. "Sure is," Scorpius explained as they left the Slytherin common room behind and headed towards the kitchens. Once there, he allowed Albus the privilege of tickling the pear before opening the portrait hole for him. Excitement bubbled inside of him as he saw the basket he'd requested set out on the table in the middle of the room. Grabbing for it, he held it out of Albus's reach, not wanting him to know what was inside. Finally, the two began the trek upstairs, Scorpius leading the way to the Astronomy tower. It would be a cold night, but he'd hidden charmed blankets that would keep them warm, among a few other special touches. Albus chatted the entire time, not seeming to care that they were climbing to the top of the castle. When they reached their destination, night was fully upon them, and they were slightly out of breath. Albus wandered over to the edge, looking out at the snow-covered grounds. Watching from the corner of his eye, Scorpius opened the basket and began setting up their Christmas Eve snack. He laid the green blanket down on the stone floor, spreading it out so there was enough room for the two of them. Then, he opened the Scrabble box and set up the game. This was when Albus finally came over to join him, plopping down and reaching for the small bag of square letter pieces, selecting seven and placing them on his holder. "So are we really going to play Scrabble on the Astronomy tower?" He was smiling, green eyes glittering with mirth. Scorpius snatched the bag from his friend. "Yes," he answered, selecting his own pieces. "The only rule is that the words must be holiday-related." "Interesting…" "Difficult, but fun," Scorpius said with a smirk worthy of his father. "It's Christmas Eve, after all." Green eyes met grey, accepting the challenge for what it was. Glancing down at his tiles, Albus played around for a second before setting down the first word. " Festive ." It went on from there, each boy taking a turn at trying to make up holiday words. There was a lot of exchanging pieces into the bag so they could keep up the one rule, but neither minded. Noel Season Tinsel Wreath Eggnog Winter Green When they both were getting chilled from the late December air, Scorpius went for the next part of his surprise. He reopened the basket and pulled out a thermos of steaming hot chocolate and poured each of them a large mug. He also went into the storage closet and grabbed the warm blankets. Albus gave him a sly look, but thanked him nonetheless. Scorpius smiled happily, his cheeks flushing and a nervous fluttering starting in his. "This is rather fun," Albus admitted, rearranging letters to try to come up with another word. Biting his lip, he reached for his mug. "The only thing that could make it better is if we had some marshmallows for this hot chocolate." Eyes going wide, Scorpius reached into the basket. "Hold on, I know I asked Winky..." Sure enough, he found a bag of the mini delights. Shaking them, he added a few to each of their mugs, enjoying the way Albus's face lit up as he did so. He waited for Albus to put down a word. A second later, green eyes lit up with a smile as he figured it out. "Snow! Adding it to winter to create winters …seventeen points for me!" The dark-haired boy threw his fist into the air triumphantly, making Scorpius laugh. "That's a total of eighty-eight points for you, and thirty-four for me." He hummed thoughtfully, looking at his Scrabble pieces in search for a word. "Okay…I have 'red'." He set the pieces down on the board. "That's only four points," Albus said. "Are you trying at all? I'm killing your sorry arse at this game." Shrugging, he replaced the tiles with new ones on his holder. "I'm having fun, win or lose. I promise." Besides, he was waiting for