"Katniss." The dark edges of his nightmares transform, taking a hard, definite shape, her face, her eyes red and her mouth dripping foam. His entire body seems to hum with this chanting desire. All he knew was he had to reach out and kill. Kill Katniss. They want to kill Katniss. Peeta slams awake, thrashing and calling out her name. She is there, a bow in her hand, pointed at him, this twisted look across her eyes. But it's not a look of malice. It's a look of pain. "Katniss, get out of here!" She hesitates, her bow lowers marginally. "Why? What's making that sound?" Doesn't she see? She has to get away! This one thought, this one desperate impulse, is the strongest thing he has felt since waking up in Thirteen. "I don't know. Only that it has to kill you. Run! Get out! Go!" The ensuing chase and fight with the lizard mutts is horrific, and Peeta can feel the games all around him again like he had with the can of soup. This time, though, it's the deaths and the screams that come back to him, that make his memories, shiny and non-shiny, screech across his mind. Still, he holds on. He keeps them moving. He holds onto that one impulse. He has to protect her. You're still trying to protect me? Real or not real? Real. Because that's what you and I do. The screams of Finnick dying threaten to unravel his hold. Peeta forces them up the ladder, clamps down on his deteriorating grasp of reality long enough to see her whisper "Nightlock, nightlock, nightlock," and drop it into the hold. Then he retreats into the hard surface of the concrete wall and pulls against his cuffs, feeling the metal dig into his flesh, and he tries to anchor himself to that pain. Kill. Kill Katniss. Kill the monster. Kill the mutt. No, he's the monster. He won't be the mutt. He won't be like them. Kill. They have noticed now, but it's too late. He hangs onto this one thought while he still can. They have to keep going. They have to get Katniss away from him. "Peeta?" It's her voice, and his brain echoes her hiss as she stood above the rubble of his bakery laughing, squealing as she crushed the skull of his father under her leather boot. "Peeta?" And then she kneels down. Her face mutates into something with horns and black eyes. Something he has to kill. "Leave me." His voice is choked. "I can't hang on." "Yes! You can!" He blinks, tries to shake his head to see her face, her real face, but he can't. He doesn't want to be this thing, this monster, the Capitol pawn that killed Mitchell. But he can't…he can't hold on… "I'm losing it." He begs in his mind that she hears what he can't say, pleads that she runs. "I'll go mad. Like them." She can't see that. Not again. She has to get away. All of a sudden, the mutt leans in, and there's a warmth against his lips. She is kissing him. A smell comes to him, the scent of salt water and wet sand. Laced over it, the smell of mint, lavender, and sweat. The same as he can smell now. It's her smell. Her taste. Something stirs within him. Something warm. His body strains to reach out to her, to choke her, snap her neck, gouge out her eyes, cause her pain, any pain. No. He clamps down on his muscles so hard that they shake and ache. No, he won't. He won't hurt her. There's a hard grip now on his wrists. The pressure on his lips is gone, and he gasps for breath, his heart thundering against his chest. Her eyes pierce through his fog, gray and hard as granite, unyielding. "Don't let him take you from me." That's right, he did this, he made him a mutt. Peeta tries to remember, but there is so little of Peeta left. Kill her. That's what he wants. "No. I don't want to." What Peeta is or was, Peeta doesn't want that. "Stay with me." Stay with me . The memory struggles to surface, little more than image, hazy and soft, like trying to chase a dream after you wake. But it's the feeling of it, something tucked deep, a morsel inside his chest, something he saved…Yes, that, that is real. His chest tightens, and he pants with the effort, but he drives back the mutt inside him. He lifts his eyes and manages an answer. "Always." It's the only thing she'd ever asked him for, so he'd kept it close inside his chest. Katniss Everdeen didn't ask for favors. Those were just debts to pay back. Even when they were young, when she was starving, and she went house to house, he remembered the threadbare piece of cloth in her hand that she was trying to trade. She didn't beg. In all of the videos he watched and all of the memories he could glean out of his patchwork quilt of a mind, Katniss did. She acted. She could be selfish, and she could be cutting, and she could be calculating. She tried to protect all of them by asking for them to do things like run off into the woods looking for a district burned to ash. She didn't question him when he crawled in bed with her on the train, force him to leave. But she didn't ask for things, not for herself. Except that once. Katniss Everdeen had asked for him. She had asked for him to stay. That feeling then had seized him, buried him, smothered him. Anything she asked, he would give her. Same as now. The basement is chilled, an almost wet cold hanging in the air. But there are dry animal pelts and a notable lack of lizard mutts, so that's alright. Besides, there's something about it almost comforting. Peeta wonders if it is because he's found refuge in cold, dank places before. Gale's face is white, the blood that would color it now coating his shirt and his neck. They help him onto a pile of fur coats, and Katniss looks around for a moment, biting her lip. She seems to be considering. Then, she grits her teeth, kneels, and takes out a needle and thread from their first aid kit. She bends over Gale. The violent monster lurches again in Peeta's chest, and he sits and faces the wall. He runs his hands under the tap that Katniss had started, trying to let the cold chill seep all the way into his bones. They shake, and he closes his eyes. " You know what's happening right now, don't you? You are here. You are here all alone, and Katniss is with him. He's probably slamming into her right now, burying himself deep in her, fucking her, while you are strapped to this table." The voice above him purrs from behind a sterile white mask. "But we know Katniss, don't we? She can't take that for long. So she'll flip him over and ride him and touch herself and let out a scream. So, in a way, perhaps you do at least sound the same while you lay here for me." Peeta swallows, the tip of the electric spoke that just jabbed into his side coming into view again. "Good." He coughs, and he tries a grin. "Good. That was the plan, after all. Die in the Games and let her go home." He twists his head and raises an eyebrow. "I'm just surprised at how long you're taking to make that first part a reality. I'm a little disappointed." The pain comes hot and sharp, and he does scream because his bones are on fire and his eyes roll back and god, why didn't he let Brutus just slam his head against the tree? He knows why. He had to try give her a shot. Give her a shot to get out of there. So she could go be with Gale. All of a sudden, the current cuts off. His body rattles with a few last spasms, and he can hear them moving as he tries to lick the spit from his lips. "Turn the clip on," he hears them say. " No!" His mind is jumbled, but he knows what's about to happen. There's a click and a slight woosh as the venom is injected into his arm. "No!" He tries to swing his arms, but they rattle against the metal cuffs. The clip comes on anyway, the video of Gale kissing Katniss in the woods, but they must have distorted it somehow, made it different, because now he's backing her against a tree and they have no clothes on and he's inside of her and she's moaning, screaming, howling… With a sharp twist, Peeta shuts off the tap and turns around. Katniss stares at the hole in Gale's neck and draws up the thread before knotting it. She dabs ointment on it, wrapping it with gauze. He swallows a couple of pills she hands him. "You can rest now. It's safe here." He nods and leans back against a pile of pelts. Then she turns to Peeta. He wants to pull away, but she sits in front of him. Her eyes take him in. For a moment she opens her mouth, and his mind inserts a growling hiss, the sound of a snake, but it's just in his head because then she kneels and washes his skin. She winces with each pat, her face reflecting the hurt there. He recalls the set, almost tortured expression she had worn when stitching Gale. Peeta considers an old image he had watched on the screen of their first Games, a Katniss with a green face drawing pus from his leg. Katniss is squeamish. It's a weird realization at a time like this, but Peeta latches onto it. "You have to keep these clean. Otherwise, it could get infected –" Suddenly, the cold of the basement is the damp chill of the cave. He's there. "I know what blood poisoning is, Katniss, even if my mom isn't a healer." Her eyes dart up. There's something in them, a light. "You said that to me in the first Hunger Games. Real or not real?" Peeta swallows. "Real." He studies her, remembering what came after. "And you risked your life getting the medicine that saved me?' She shrugs, her face blank, as if getting the medicine had been like a trip to the apothecary's shop in District 12, not a fight to the death where a girl sat balanced on her chest and traced her lips with the point of a knife. Just the memory of it makes Peeta's heart pound and his blood course. He's angry. Angry she did that. Angry she risked her life for him. His head is swimming and pounding, but Katniss goes on. "You were the reason I was alive to do it." Peeta blinks, trying to remember. "Was I?" He struggles through images, mud coating his face under the rocks, the fight with Cato, her dropping the nest of tracker jackers. Her dropping the tracker jackers and laughing as swarmed around his body because she was a mutt, she was trying to kill him. No. But between his memories of her with Gale and her in the cave and just her, the shiny images are getting harder to push back. "I'm so tired, Katniss." "Go to sleep." Her voice is smooth, water falling over pebbles, not at all the screech of her his mind hums to him. He's not safe. "Hook me." He raises his cuffs. "Hook me to that chair." Katniss looks at him. Her eyes dip and stir, but she does what he asks. Peeta lets himself drift into the black, the sound of her cries with Gale and her smooth, protective assurances competing