Summary: When Bella and Edward refuse a blind-date set-up from their wild siblings, the two find themselves kidnapped and literally thrown together, in the back of a van full of stolen goods. What takes place next is something which neither expected... Author's Note: Dear Reader, I'm very glad to see you've clicked on this story to read. I hope it meets your expectations. This was written for a writing competition of twillandbonnie's Twilight forum. With that being said, I hope you'll enjoy your venture into this one-shot with me as your somewhat sane guide. Av Disclaimer: The Twilight universe is most definitely the brainchild of Stephanie Meyer. I'm just having fun. Isabella Swan or Bella as she preferred to be called, flipped open her buzzing cell phone. My sister. She groaned. "Merry Christmas," Bella said cheerfully, even including a fake smile. Bogus holiday spirit equals get off phone, hop in car and crawl in bed until New Year's all that much sooner. Her curly toed shoes jingled along with the jingle she clamped the phone on to her ear and walked out of the main entrance of the mall. Looking both ways, she headed for her car in the outfield of the parking lot. "Happy holiday, sis." For you maybe. Her sister Alice wasn't unemployed. Well, she was but she hadn't been forced by their father to take a seasonal job dressing up like Mrs. Claus, wearing a costume one size too small and smiling at mall brats while feigning total devotion to an old fat guy who had crumbs in his beard and smelled of cough medicine. "The answer is no." Bella said. "No what?" Alice said. "I haven't even asked you anything. I'm simply calling to wish you a very merry Christmas and a happy New—" "The answer is still no." Bella spotted her car across the lot as dusk descended. A chill seeped into the fabric of her surprisingly thin work costume, settling on her skin. She smelled snow in the air. Should have worn a coat. "Stop it." her sister said, complete with a hand wave Bella could see in her mind's eye. "You can't borrow my car, my clothes or any money," Bella listed. What am I forgetting? "My couch is off limits. I do not want to pose naked in Playboy with you in their sisters pictorial. I cut up my credit card, closed my bank account and haven't gotten my paycheck yet, so don't ask." "I don't want anything… except…" Here it comes. "… to see you for Christmas." Alice finished. And pick my pockets, borrow my jewelry, pawn my electronics or all of the above. "No." Alice giggled. "I'd love for you to meet my new boyfriend, Jasper." "No." "Jasper's family," she added. "No." "Jasper's brother in particular." "No." Bella reached her car, jamming the key in the lock. Once it was unlocked, she leaned against the car to finish telling her sister not only no but hell no. The last time her sister set her up with a blind date, it had gone too horribly to even mention. "You two are perfect for each other," Alice sang. Says you. "No." "Jasper's mom is heating up a Honey Baked Ham for Christmas Eve dinner," she said, playing on Bella's weakness for sugarcoated meat. Jasper's mother sounded like a woman after Bella's own heart. Throw a marshmallow on it or in it and call it a dinner and dessert combo. Bella hesitated only for a second. "No." Jasper was undoubtedly a football-watching, beer-belching crotch scratcher. Chances were good the brother was too. No thanks. And somehow, some way, the entire ordeal would end up costing Bella in either money, which she had little of or sanity, which she was running short of as well. "Are you sure?" Alice giggled. "Last chance to come along peacefully." "I'm sure." So sure that Bella hung up on her sister. Since learning to speak at the age of two, Alice would not, could not take no for an answer. Turning one's phone off was the only solution. So Bella did, tossing it onto the passenger seat of her car. A van came from nowhere, screeching to a stop in the parking space next to hers. Bella stepped forward and opened her mouth to give the driver a piece of her mind. Last-minute Christmas shopping was no excuse for poor parking etiquette. Before she could voice her protest, the side door of the van slid open. A midget jumped out and zip tied her hands in front of her. Bella squeaked a protest, struggling against the ties. The little person stepped aside and someone shoved Bella from behind into the van. Bella landed on a soft-but-solid lump. She struggled against the restraints and the bile rising in her throat. She rocked against the lump, which breathed warmth against her neck in the otherwise cold van. "Hey! What's the deal?" She kicked her foot against the hard barrier between her and the cab of the van as they motored off. The joyful jingle of her shoes negated the fury of her actions. "Don't waste your breath." the lump said. "I've been protesting for twenty minutes." Bella squirmed away from the baritone voice and his warmth. Why, she wasn't sure. Seemed they were in the same boat, so to speak. "Careful." he said when she butted up against a stack of boxes. "Who are you?" She rolled into him as the van made a sharp turn. His breath smelled of peppermint. His voice dripped of syrupy calm despite the dire circumstances. "What is going on?" "I'm Edward" He hooked his finger around hers in a how-do-you-do-nice-to-meet-you finger shake. "I think we're being held against our will." "The hell we are." Bella began gnawing at her restraints. If you're going to be kidnapped for Christmas, might as well be held in a confined space with a hot elf. He'd had worse holidays. "Please stop it. You'll break a tooth." Thereby lowering your hot ratio. "You're right." She threw her leg over his thighs, straddling his lap and began pulling at the zip ties binding his wrists. All Edward felt—besides her scraping a couple layers of his epidermis off—was her warm center rocking back and forth over his lap with the movement of the van. And let's just say there were a lot of potholes. "I feel like I should buy you dinner first." he muttered. "What?" She bent down and licked at his wrists, for lubrication; he guessed. Or she was a really weird—but not altogether unpleasant—Christmas gift. Thank you, Secret Santa. "Nothing worth repeating." More licking on and around his wrists, which he found oddly arousing. "What's your name?" Seemed like a reasonable and appropriate inquiry under the circumstances. After all, she was licking him. She stopped lapping at his wrists long enough to reply, "Bella." Ah ha. "Well, Bella, my wrists are going to swell," he cleared his throat, "from the friction if you don't stop it." He could feel the beginnings of an erection from the connection with her body as she fruitlessly tried to squeeze the zip ties over his thoroughly licked hands. "You're right." She leaned back, grinding her warm crotch against his hard-on, really putting her back into her pulling efforts. "We better hurry before that happens." "I'll give you ten minutes to stop that." He inhaled the scent of apples from her dark hair draped over his face. The fluffy white ball dangling from her Santa hat kept swinging like a pendulum, sometimes hitting him in and around his face and head. "Stop what?" "Rubbing. Friction. Subsequent swelling." He reminded her. Not so much in his wrists anymore. "What's going on?" she asked. "You tell me." Edward replied. "Someone's idea of a holiday joke? Mistaken identity? Strange fraternity prank?" The van banked right. Bella clamped her thighs tighter around Edward, hunkering down low towards their combined center of gravity. "Hey! Watch it up there!" He shouted at the driver. Probably his cousin Jacob. He'd flunked driver's education. Could there be two people who naturally smelled of wet dog? Regrettably, he hadn't gotten a good look at his abductors. She gathered up his shirt in her fists. "Where do you think they're taking us?" He shrugged. He was behind on some bills but again, being held against your will felt like an overreaction to debt. The situation reeked of family. His family. "Why?" For Christmas Eve dinner, of course. He sort of hoped for the mistaken-identity theory to pan out. Edward shook his head, sticking to his plan A—cluelessness. How could he explain without coming off as complicit or crazy? "Do you think they're going to kill us?" Her warm breath blew on his face. "I suppose this could be our last day on earth." He said, ready to embrace living today like the last day of his life. "Any regrets, last wishes, final requests?" Like sex? "Too many." Her voice carried an edge of sadness. She slid down between him and a stack of DVD players they had probably been selling out of the back of the van before abducting him and Bella for a shotgun blind date. If he'd known then what he knew now, that she was everything they'd said she was and more, he might not have refused. He inhaled her fresh, clean, fruity scent. "Tell me about it." Her head rested on his shoulder. "I wanted to be a nurse." "Really?" "It was my dream from childhood." She shivered. Edward inviting her to crawl into the circle of his embrace. "I should have been a better student." "That's all in the past." He ran his lips along her temple. "If you had only minutes to live, what would you want more than anything else on earth?" She raised her head off his shoulder. "I'd want a kiss to die for." Good answer. Their lips converged. Edward pulled her close, holding her tight, his lips tightly against hers. They parted and joined over and over again, reinventing the kiss at various angles, different pressures and a range of intensities. Suddenly, the van door slid open. Bella's sister Alice jumped up and down on the other side of the open doorway of the van, clapping her hands. "I knew you two were perfect for each other." Jasper, the boyfriend—Bella was guessing, but the tattoo of Alice's face on his bicep was a strong hint—stood next to her in the freezing cold in nothing but jeans and a thin button-down. His arms were crossed over his incredibly stellar chest. Alice thumped him in the skull. "Didn't I tell you?" "You sure did, sweetheart." He planted a sloppy, wet kiss on her that led to inappropriate groping and fondling. The kind better left behind closed doors. Bella hadn't even noticed the van come to a stop because of her own make-out session. She assessed her last-chance-for-a-to-die-for-kiss facilitator, also known as Edward—the brother. "You must be the brother I've heard so much about." "I…uh…yeah…but…it's not what you think." "Shut up," she snapped. "Let me explain," he begged. "Shut up!" Suddenly a booming voice was heard from the door as a muscular man came within view. "Merry Christmas, baby brother." The man bear hugged Edward, lifting him up in the air. He then tackled Edward to the lawn, physically assaulting him while everyone else laughed and cheered him on. Bella shuffled over on numb legs and clobbered the huge hunk with her balled-up fists, but it failed to faze him. "Stop it!" "Emmett." a beautiful girl, who had appeared when Bella was not looking said. "Emmett. Emmett!" Emmett stopped roughhousing for a second as Edward spit grass out of his mouth. "Yeah, babe?" "You're upsetting Bella. She doesn't know you're playing." "Playing?" Edward squeaked. "I think he dislocated my shoulder." He coughed up some grass clippings. "Pussy." Emmett taunted him before getting up and giving Bella a huge grin. "The name's Emmett, beautiful." "You kids stop