Hello, welcome to what will be rounding off the finale of the Discovering the Legend series. For those of you who don't know, the Discovering the Legend series covered the first four Harry Potter books and had reached through several of the chapters in the Order of the Phoenix book. After reading the chapter where Sirius falls through the veil, the Order wonder if it was some kind of lie, since Sirius was clearly not dead. But that was when they got the message from Snape that Harry was gone, that he had a fake vision from Voldemort and believed that Sirius was at the Ministry. Terrified of what may be his future, Remus begged that Sirius stay behind, but Sirius knew what may happen to him, but was determined to go there and protect Harry. We will first be seeing the aftermath of what happened at the Ministry, mostly from Dumbledore's point of view. Prologue: The Ending in Sight This was his fault. " Come on," Sirius laughed out, his voice echoing around the cavernous room, "you can do better than that!" Why was it always his fault? Why didn't he ever learn his lesson and see the harm he was causing? Why did he do it? Why did he keep this quiet from Harry? Why didn't he warn him of what could happen? The second jet of light hit him squarely on the chest. The laughter had not quite died from his face, when he was struck with a spell in his chest, but his eyes widened in shock. Blood splattered the floor around him as he was knocked backwards. If he'd told Harry what Lord Voldemort could do, if he told him to expect Voldemort to try and lure him into the Department of Mysteries, then none of this ever would have happened. The worst was hearing that cry… " SIRIUS!" Harry yelled. "SIRIUS!" That cry had been as a knife to his heart when he heard it. To his horror, he had seen Harry running down the stairs and towards the dias before Remus charged in and grabbed him around the chest to pull him back from Bellatrix, who was laughing with triumph. " There's nothing you can do, Harry -" Remus gasped as he held him back. " Get him, save him, he's only just gone through!" Harry cried out, refusing to believe it. " - it's too late, Harry." " We can still reach him -" Harry had cried as he struggled hard and viciously, but Remus would not let go… " There's nothing you can do, Harry… nothing… he's gone." That was hours ago and right now Albus Dumbledore was sitting in his office. The only sound came from the soft chirps from the baby Fawkes who was nestled in his pile of ashes. But he cried softly to his owner, who was sitting grimly at his desk, having not moved a muscle for some time. The sun was already up and high, showing just how much time had passed since Harry left his office, but Albus remained where he was. He leaned over in his seat, occasionally adding memories to the Pensieve that sat in front of him before he would become lost in his thoughts once more. It wasn't long before the flock of owls started to arrive him; but Albus just couldn't seem to muster up the energy to answer them. He remained in a kind of stupor for a long time until, finally, he heard another knock on the door and looked up in time to see two people walk in. Severus was there along with Alastor Moody—who was sporting large bruises and was holding up a pack of ice up against his head. He had apparently left St. Mungo's on his own terms, or caring about any time spent trying to recover. This wasn't anything new, Albus knew that Alastor had been coming and going from the wizarding hospital so many times over the years that they all knew him there. In fact, he even heard jokes being made that they had a special room set up just for him whenever he was dragged in. "Alastor," he said tiredly as he sat up when he entered. "How are you?" He had been concerned when he learned that Alastor had been attacked by Dolohov at the Ministry. "Fine, fine," his old friend barked at him sourly as he kept the ice pack over the back of his head to where it had been healed, but still clearly sensitive. "Damn old age. Skills aren't what they used to be. Dolohov had it in for me during the First War, no surprise he tried to kill me." "You sure you're feeling alright to leave St. Mungo's?" Albus asked in concern as he offered a chair for him, but Alastor insisted on standing. "I'll live," he barked in annoyance. "It was that pain in the arse Nymphadora you should be concerned with." "How is she doing?" he asked instead, knowing that despite how often he complained about her, he knew that Alastor still cared deeply about young Nymphadora Tonks. And despite how causal he was acting right now, it was clear that he wanted him to ask how she was doing. "She was hurt by Bellatrix?" "Aye, got hit hard," he nodded. "She'll live with no serious side-effects, according to the Healers. Should be out of the hospital sometime this week. More than I can say… for some." Albus sighed as he leaned back grimly in his chair. Severus, who had remained silent up until that moment, was looking around the partially destroyed office and at the remains of the instruments that had been shattered and lay twinkling on the floor. "I'm assuming that Potter was here?" he asked knowingly. Albus merely nodded before looking back down into the bowl of swirling memories. "I'm guessing that he did this?" Severus asked silkily. "Correct," Albus answered, his voice hoarse from not using it for a while. "Looks like someone lost his temper with you," Alastor added as he looked down at the broken pieces as well with interest. "Well, it was only going to be a matter of time. I'd like to say I told you so but…?" "There is no need, I know," Albus sighed before he pulled out his wand and, barely paying attention to anything else around him, he waved it once, causing the broken instruments to repair themselves and fly back to their usual places. "Where's the boy now?" Alastor asked as he watched a lunascope jump back up onto the newly repaired table. "He left earlier," Albus sighed. "Probably heading down to the Hospital Wing to check on his friends." He glanced up at the portrait of Dilys, who nodded at the silent question, having been keeping an eye on the students who were brought in. "The Longbottom boy will be staying until tomorrow," she informed them. "Poor thing had been tortured and Madam Pomfrey insisted on it. Lovegood suffered a concussion so she's sleeping it off, and the Weasley girl has already been released. She got off lucky with just a broken ankle." "Good," Albus said, truly grateful for that. "And Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger?" "May be there for a while," she answered back. "They received the worst of it. Nothing that Madam Pomfrey can't cure though. They should be out before the school year ends." "Glad to hear it," Albus nodded before looking to Severus and asked, "And what does Voldemort think of all this?" Severus was quiet for a moment before he sighed. "The Dark Lord is angry," he said softly. "Angry that the Wizarding World is now fully aware that he has returned. But more than anything he is furious that the prophecy had been smashed and no one heard what it said." "Good riddance if you ask me," Alastor stated as he limped over to the desk and pulled out his wand to conjurer up a glass of water. He pulled his magical eye out of his head, which Albus saw still had blood smeared on it, before dropping it with a plunking sound. "Now we don't need to worry about him getting his pasty white hands on it. Normally, I'd say that it all worked out… but…?" What else happened that night hung in the air, leaving it suddenly feeling colder than ever before. Albus didn't look up at him as he kept his eyes focused on his pensieve, knowing what they were talking about. "Is it true?" Severus asked softly. "Is Black truly dead?" The careful mask that Severus worked so hard to keep did not slip so it was impossible to tell how he felt about any of this. "I… don't know," Albus confessed. "Everyone seemed to think so because of the book but…?" "Not how it happened in the book though," Alastor informed them. "Apparently he fell through the veil because he was too busy taunting Bellatrix. He was serious this time around but he was still struck by a curse. Who can say if he'll live or not?" "So he is still alive?" Albus asked quietly, still not looking up. "For now," Alastor admitted gruffly. "Had a hole blown right through him by that mad cousin of his. If he had been standing a hair to the right when he fell back, he would have gone through that veil. However, his arm came in contact with that blasted curtain." Albus frowned at that, knowing what it meant. There was still much that the Department of Mysteries did not know about the Veil. It was a manifestation of the barrier between the land of the living and the land of the dead. Usually when one fell through it, it was a one-way trip. It is impossible for others to pull whoever passes through out without passing through and dying themselves, and it was already too late for those passing through to be saved, as they were already dead. In the past a curious, if not fool-hardy Unspeakable had wondered what would happen if he stuck just a limb through the veil, while the rest of him remained in the living world. That man had lost his leg in the process. "Sirius has lost his arm?" he asked grimly at that. "Aye," Alastor answered. "That, added to the hole in his chest that Bellatrix gave him, he lost most of his blood. It's a wonder that he didn't die immediately. Don't know what's gonna happen next to him. But it doesn't look hopeful. Most have already written him off as a goner. But I guess we managed to give him a fighting chance, no matter how slim. What I want to know is how did that book predict this?" "Apparently," Severus explained, "There is a chapter in that last book that foretold everything that happened in the last day or so. How is that even possible? How could a book be able to predict everything that happened? When I contacted them at Grimmauld Place, they weren't surprised to hear that Potter and his little friends went to the Ministry." "That's what I've been wondering about," Alastor said, and to Albus's surprise, he pulled out the fifth book that they had all been reading for the last couple of weeks from a bag that he wore at his side. "I went back to Grimmauld Place to grab it," he answered as he set it on the desk next to the glass that contained his magical eye. "Wanted to make sure that we didn't leave that lying around. I made sure to toss the first four books into the fire on my way here." "You destroyed them?" Albus asked in surprise. "Can't risk anyone getting their hands on them," he said in annoyance. "Besides, we already read them. This one… however…?" They all looked at the blue cover once again. "It told us everything that happened while it was happening," Alastor