hi ! so it's kind of a mix between the "shirtless neighbor" trope and a "shower sex" prompt except there is feelings. Enjoy and thanks you. settings: non magical au, neighbors au ps: english is not my native language so if someone would like to beta-ing/grammar checking on me, it would be with pleasure! pps: it's my first smut, i'm terrified. wc: 3787 words Pansy Parkinson doesn't know a single thing about her neighbor, except that he loves, he really loves, walking around shirtless. Charlie Weasley doesn't know a single thing about his neighbor except that she loves bringing a different man at her apartment every night and letting them leave in the early morning. Oh, it's enough for what they need to know. Pansy has no time for reckless redhead who don't know who they are, but she can't help herself but bump into them every time that she walks in the corridor, with grocery bags in both hands and a gaze like thunder. Weasley. (The fact is that he is not the worst. He is muscular and covered by scars on every inch of bare skin which he is delighted to expose to her sight. His relatives, his army of brothers and his only little sister are fierce but they are at home, at ease. They walk towards her neighbor's flat like one man. Him, he is an only man in a sea of family ties) She isn't the one to blame him: her mother is lost behind a veil of smoke and her father is like a cold statue. But, unlike him, she is not alone. Her bed is warm every night and she knows when she wakes up as the sun hits her window, her lips swollen and soft bed sheet caressing her naked skin, that she wins it, she struggles to belong somewhere but in the end, she wins. They are begging between the darkest hours but her mind is peaceful and her lips sealed. In the dark, she only sees their lusting eyes and the collar of their shirts, it's better like that because otherwise she could see beyond their pretty generic faces and beyond her alcohol-induced state, she could remember the color of their eyes or the shades of their lips after she has bitten it. But she does not. She does not remember because it's – She doesn't want to think about it. She doesn't think about them: they are her nightdreams, not valuable enough to be the subjects of her daydreams. She is taking the trash out – it's smelly and she holds it with only two fingers – when she finds him out, again, on her path. Shirtless, of course. "Hi Parkinson!" he is all smile, a bright one, and suddenly she fucking wants to run into the nearer shop, buy a pair of opaque sunglasses to protect her from his hell of sunshine-smile. "As I can see, you are not only taking trash in but you're also taking it out". She freezes. She freezes because usually she slaps people like him, people who criticize her entertainment and her survival ethics to push on no-strings-attached and good sex. (Unless it is an old lady. She can't fight against the middle-class background she comes from. It's a conservative one and somehow, it's why it grows so old.) But he is her neighbor and she cannot decently slap her neighbor. He would avenge himself, and put dead birds on the porch of her door like a mean feral cat. But she can still deal with him like with everyone else, with contempt. "It's better inside, I swear." She grins. "I didn't think that you were such a prude for someone who walks around half-naked but I guess it must be the mommy side." It hits its target. He becomes red like her lipstick. She wants to laugh but she lowers her eyes to let him enjoy his humiliation and his resentment. Huge mistake. She can almost hear the hysterical sound of Daphne whistling and of Draco sneezing of despise. Under the scars, white on his golden skin, there are freckles. So many freckles. She almost drops the trash. She breathes slowly so he does not notice. She is in control, she will not flinch for an amateur athlete, a prude mommy boy, an annoying disturbance of her taking-trash-out ritual, a show off boy, a – He blushes so hard when she meets his eyes. "Sound like I have pinch a raw nerve?" "Don't talk about my mom, would you? You don't know her. You're only the girl who takes trash out." "And in" she reminds him with a mean smile. Oh god. This guy was clearly made for daydreams. "Yeah. It's a specialty of yours?" "Yes." She manages a break for dramatic effects (and for having time to think about the next sentence and not to her wet overpriced underwear). "What's your specialty?" He doesn't blink. She expects anything from him, a dark kink, a rebellious secret, why girls never come to his flat, a passion for rough sex resulting of all these nasty scars, a – "Animals." No, Pansy Parkinson wasn't prepared to that, to the storm that was Charlie Weasley. She was teasing him, tempting him. But he is smiling because he mentioned animals? It is the first thing that she learns by him. But for now, it wasn't the most exciting one. xx. After this curious meeting, all she does is taking a cold shower. Shampoo stings her eyes, it's irritating, it's burning, it's not enough to forget the vision of his body, or the sound of his deep voice or – She turns off the water abruptly. And, she takes two martinis and she drinks it down in one. Alcohol warms her body better than anyone else, better than any guys who cross the door to just put a hand in her panties, better than him who stays an insoluble enigma. And an annoying hottie, for sure. It has always been like that. Alcohol was the only thing keeping her hands from shaking when she was lonely, regretting the old times (bad times) when she shared a tiny bedroom with Daphne and her incessant babbling, chatting, living happily ever after. She had left, hands in her pockets, a ferocious gaze on Blaise's curve's neck. She was successful now, living a tough fairytale in New York city, lunch 3 times a week with some big fashion designer. Daphne is shining in the city that never sleeps, but Pansy is the one who never sleeps, looking at the cellar without seeing any stars. Pansy is not surprised when he opens his door. It's late afternoon. Her fist stills suspended in the air, an inch away from his torso, contracted by the smell of gin and by the acid taste of lemon on the tip of her tongue. She knows he knows she is drunk as hell. He raises an eyebrow, not so surprised, but keeps his heroic smile. "What can I do for you?" "I'm drunk, Weasley." She says quietly like if she was whispering a secret but with a proud smile because he would be the only one to know. "Yeah. I can see that. Actually, I can smell that." He is leaning on the door, the natural light of the room highlights the red of his lips, of his hair, of his freckles, of his scars – She wants to move closer but her feet are glued to the floor and her tongue is too heavy to asks him for permission. He doesn't move. "I…I would like to know who you think you are for strutting with your dreamy abs and some tragic backstories written on your torso." He laughs for the first time: it's a deep, cavernous sound. It's like the sun echoing on the wall of a hollow tunnel. "I would like to know why you seems so unaffected by your own life but so infect to others." "It's how it works." She answers, brushing his arm in an unconscious movement. Conscious, her mind would be screaming, alert messages, she would be burning. He does notices but he doesn't move his arm, he keeps going with watching her straight in the eyes. A crooked smile ablaze the hair of her neck. "It's how I am." He says, pulling her nearer. His lips are cracked and dry and hot and she doesn't want to think to the kind of hell she's in because his hands are everywhere on her body and always lower. He pushes her against a wall. His strong palms cup her face but she doesn't want to see him so she digs in, dives in. She kisses and kisses and kisses until she forgets her own names, or until she forgets that she doesn't know his. It bothers her while he passes a hand under her silk shirt and she has a burning desire to moan his name. "Weasley" she groans, putting her weight on the wooden furniture scratching her back. "What is your fucking name" "Charles. Charlie. As you want." She omits to explain that she does not want but need, but crave, for taking, and taking. "Pansy." It's the only thing that she concedes to give him now. She gasps because he has two big calloused hands and a skin so textured that she feels the bumps on his scars when she licks it with her pink tongue. "Right now, I want to see more of you than just your top half." He unzips his jeans with an expert hand but can't help himself but break apart their feverish kiss to mumble: "my room is kind of messy right now…travels, animals stuff…" Again. Animals. "I don't care" she cuts him short, pressing her against his almost-entirely naked body. "but I have a great shower" he continues. "I love that. I love shower." She thinks about the one she has taken earlier, her soaked hair flattened on her skull and her red eyes. A cold shower. He takes off his clothes off, leading her to the bathroom with one hand on her ass and the other clenched in her hair. They are in underwear. She's glad that it's her red lingerie, with too much lace and not enough skin visible. Something pricey like La Perla or some shit and she doesn't even remember if she has taken off the price tag. He slows down and she closes her eyes because she feels what he's doing. He's watching, maybe admiring, maybe loving what he sees and she cannot bear it. She has a heartache, a headache, and the tiles behind her back and under her feet are cold enough to remind her that she is not drunk enough to – He pushes the water button and he pushes his mouth against hers and she moans as the water tickles against her face like tears, like holy water. She raises her leg to his shoulder so they are aligned and she can feel every bone of his waist and his cock hardened. She buries her face in his chest, biting, grasping. She feels her abdomen pulsing and pulsing, crashing into waves stronger than the lash of water wetting Charlie's – Weasley's – hair. Her head is arching against the tiles, far away from him and from the thought of him almost inside her. She feels him pushing against her wetness with dilated pupils and a hard grasping on her cheeks. His hands are wet and she hopes that they won't slide on the floor until it's over. His weight is crushing her in a good way and she welcomes the water dropping on the top of her lips as she raises her heads up like in a prayer. "Are you going to fuck me for the love of god! Charlie!" He lifts her and she wraps her legs around his tights. When he comes with a savage moaning she lingers over his swollen lips, just