H. J. Potter By: Belcris Summary: Not all is as it seems in the life of Harry James Potter. Lily Potter was not the person everyone thought she was and her child pays the price. Some secrets are hidden under a thin layer of lies and sometimes we carry our prison with us. Harry Potter created by: J. K. Rowling Harry Potter, associated characters are owned by J. K. Rowling. I do not own these characters and I do not seek to profit from this story. However, in a dark and twisted future I may own it, but I will instantly be killed by a mutant rabbit named Francis, who will then go on to return all the rights to the original owners. Damn you, Francis! WARNING: This story contains scenes of fantasy based violence, gender bending, two hot chicks in a romantic relationship, and good old fashioned sexiness. You have been warned. Category: AU. Adventure. Romance. Chapter 1 Part 1 The figure stood before a full length mirror and sighed as they examined the reflection before them. The image of a young man in his early teens was reflected in the mirror, standing at five foot nine inches tall, with broad shoulders and a narrow waist. A mop of raven black hair crowned him, with emerald green eyes and facial structure that would clearly one day be considered ruggedly handsome, even with the raw red lightning bolt shaped scar on his forehead. The reflected image's expression was that of a smirk as it looked out from the mirror, an expression matched by the person looking into the mirror. The figure looking out from the mirror was easily recognizable as Harry Potter, The-Boy-Who-Lived, a hero or madman depending on who you talked with on any given day. In his short life, not quite fourteen years on the planet, Harry Potter had been both victim and savior, hero and villain, yet always he was a center of attention. In the last three years alone he had been touted as a symbol for peace and vilified as an up and coming Dark Lord. Sadly, no one ever asked Harry Potter how he saw himself. Many people would have been surprised by his answer to the question, not to mention his reaction. They would have been shocked to hear him call his own life a hollow lie over a surprising truth, though he would have never explained that answer to them. No, he would have surprised many people, especially given the fact that in truth, Harry Potter never really existed. Turning away from the mirror a young woman finished toweling off after her shower. The young woman, standing at five foot seven inches, sighed as she dried off. Her damp deep red, almost blood red, hair hung down to mid-thigh, a luxury she allowed herself as no one else could ever see it but her. Unlike the reflection in the mirror, the young woman had what men would call a model's figure, with long toned limbs, pleasantly toned and firm hips and buttocks, a narrow waist, and a chest that verged on a an impressive C cup. Her skin was unblemished, not one freckle or scar, though if you looked at her back you would see three Runic Arrays along her spine. However it was her face that most would have been entranced by, with her high cheekbones, full red lips, and glowing green eyes she would be easily considered a beauty beyond compare. This was the truth hidden by the illusion of Harry James Potter. This was Harriet Jasmine Potter. "Stupid Runic Glamour," spat the girl as she sat on the edge of the tub and towed off her legs. "Gee, thanks mum and dad." Standing up and wrapping a towel around her waist, the young lady made her way out of the bathroom and across the hall to her bedroom without bothering to coverup further. The cold hard truth of her life was that no one ever saw the real her, not through the illusion her parents had cast around her as an infant. It was a lesson she had learned the hard way as a young child, no one ever saw the real her. In fact, she hadn't even realized something was strange until the first time she saw a mirror on her fifth birthday. Hari, as she called herself, had never remembered being called anything other than freak, so had no idea there was something odd about being referred to as a male by her family. As the glamour that covered her created a solid illusion powered by a combination of her own magic and the ambient magic around her, even the sense of touch was fooled by it. The only person that could bypass the illusion was Hari herself and even then there were situations in which it didn't matter. On her fifth birthday Hari had been locked in the the closet of her aunt and uncles room because of a dinner party they were having. To prevent Hari from disturbing the party, her relatives had locked her in the closet farthest away from the from the guests. It just so happened the inside of the closet door was covered in a full length mirror, the first Hari had ever seen. The only light entering the closet was from the crack at the bottom of the door, but it was enough for her to see her reflection in the mirror. At first she was terrified and only the greater fear of making her relatives angry at her stopped her from screaming in terror when suddenly she realized there was another person staring back at her. For a time she thought the second figure was another child mimicking her from beyond a window, her mind not quite grasping the concept of the mirror. Over time however she figured out he was more than mimicking her, his movements were hers and even his expressions were the same. That day, looking in that mirror she got the first look at her male counterpart, though she didn't realize it immediately. No, what she saw was a little boy, slightly shorter than her and extremely skinny. The boy wore the same baggy clothes as her, though on him they looked even bigger. His black hair was a mess, looking more like a bird's nest than real hair and on his face he wore a pair of overly large round spectacles that had been taped together at the bridge. All in all he was a nice looking boy, though Hari disliked that he seemed intent on mocking her by continually mimicking her movements and expressions. Still, he was the first person she had seen outside her family and by default that made him Hari's first ever friend. A few weeks later Hari was allowed to enter school with other children and Hari started noticing other oddities around her. For one thing it seemed that the teacher always thought she had problems seeing the chalkboard, so made her sit at the front of the classroom even though Hari could see it perfectly fine from the back of the room. Another odd thing was that although she looked more like the girls in her class, at least to herself, the teacher always made her play with the boys in her class. Finally it was an experience in one of the bathrooms that convinced her something was wrong after she caught a glimpse of one of the boys in he class with his pants down and realized he had something she didn't. When she tried to ask a teacher about it they laughed at her and explained that all little boys had "things" between their legs. However, when she tried to tell the teacher that she in fact did not have something between her legs, Hari found herself unable to express herself. A second attempt with her Aunt had the same result and Hari soon discovered that any topic related to her being different than the other boys seemed to be impossible to talk about. With time came wisdom and understanding for Hari. As she reached her seventh birthday she realized that her friend in the mirror was how other people saw her. Calling her reflection Harry, she once again tried to explain the situation to her Aunt, but again found herself unable to speak of it. She also realized that her reflection was slightly taller than she was and the clothing she wore seemed to float ever so slightly above her skin, never quite touching her. Examining her reflection she realized the clothing fit the false image, not her real body. This was strange in the extreme, but had the added effect that when her cousin punched her, he never actually touched her real skin, just the skin of the illusion. Still, as she grew and the outer illusion grew with her, she wondered what it was like to actually feel something other than her own hands upon her skin. On the bright side, when her Aunt decided one day to shave off all "her" hair save for her bangs, the clippers never touched her real hair and by the next morning the illusion had regrown all its hair. Years passed and Harri and occasionally other strange things would happen to her, like the time she was being chased by her cousin and suddenly found herself on top of the school roof. Another time she turned a teacher's hair blue when the woman was being mean to her and while no one blamed her at the school, her aunt and uncle locked her in her cupboard under the stairs for several days afterwards. With these odd occurrences and the fact she couldn't tell anyone the truth about being a girl, Hari realized something abnormal was happening around her. Well, in truth she had known that for quite some time, but this just confirmed her suspicions. She gave up trying to tell anyone the truth and resigned herself to the fact she would always be trapped inside an illusion. By the time Hari's eleventh birthday rolled around she had given up hope of ever being seen for who she really was. Her only consolation was the arrival of Rubeus Hagrid and the announcement by said man that she was a wizard! Oh how she secretly hoped he would see her for who she really was, a girl and therefore a witch, but whatever hid the truth from everyone else also hid it from him. She did learn that her parents hadn't been killed in a car accident and were in fact a witch and wizard, but Hagrid had very few other details regarding her situation. An evil wizard responsible for their deaths and Hari wondered if he was the one responsible for how others saw her. Oddly, it was only when she entered her trust vault at Gringotts, the Goblin run bank, that she got her answers. When she entered her trust vault, despite Hagrid urging her to make haste, Hari took a quick look around the vault for anything other than gold and silver. She was just about to give up when she saw a small book with a red leather binding and the name, "H. J. Potter" written on the cover. Grabbing the book and tucking it in her gold pouch, Hari stepped out of the vault and rejoined Hagrid for the rest of the journey through the tunnels of Gringotts. Much of the rest of the day was spent wanting nothing more than to stop and read the book, but something held her back from doing so just like when she tried to tell anyone she was a girl. Only two other things really drew her attention from the weight of the book in her pouch, the purchases of her first wand and Hagrid's gift of a beautiful snowy white owl. The wand was a confusing item, she could feel it drawing power from