Disclaimer: I don't own anything nor am I making money from it. This is just an idea that came to me one day. There isn't an overall plot to the chapters in the story. It's just going to be a collection of little bits I'll write from time to time. The only thing chronological about it will be the introduction of the characters to each other. If anyone has any scenarios they'd like to see run let me know and I may consider them. This story has a companion called Fraggles in the Shire . Basically that one is just what's happening on the other side of the wall. Anyway, I hope you all enjoy it. "Peregrin Took, get back here!" The young hobbit dash through the Great Smials as fast as his feet could carry him. Who would have known boredom could be so dangerous. A few hours ago he had been exploring the stream nearby, minding his own business, when he had come across the fattest, slimiest frog he had ever seen. It was too good an opportunity to pass up. Crouching low he wasted no time in scooping up the amphibian, dashing back to the Smial and depositing the frog in his sister Pearl's wardrobe. The only problem was that he hadn't counted on passing his sister's room at the exact moment she discovered the "gift" and thus did not have much of a head start when she charged from her room, intent on retribution. Now he was running for his life. "Pearl's getting faster," he spared a moment to think to himself. "And she's gaining!" The last thought was met with an extra burst of speed and the decision that it would be a good idea to find a hiding place soon. Focusing his course so that he was not just running around with no particular goal, he steered himself toward one of the old mathom rooms. There would be plenty of furniture and boxes with which he could keep out of sight. He rounded the corner and fled into the room before his sister could spot where he was heading. Hopefully, he thought, that might buy him some time. Upon entry, the little hafling searched for a quick hiding spot but there was no where to hide that would not require time or the loud moving of heavy items. Looking around desperately his eyes alighted on a small hole in the wall. It was just big enough for him to crawl into comfortably; however, Pearl wouldn't be able to fit into it. He dropped to all fours quick as a flash and scuttled into his refuge and went in as far as he could… …or at least he tried to. All Pippin was expecting was that maybe the hole would be big enough for him to fit in it. Perhaps it would back up to the side of the hill where it would obviously stop, perhaps there would be a gap that spanned the width of the room which would provide the most movement possible but that would be all. But this particular hole seemed oddly cave-like. It kept going at a slight downward slant, further into the hill and further into the ground. The light that streamed in from the hole he'd crawled into illuminated intricate rock formations and stalactites. Ever the curious one, Pippin scooted in a little bit more to look around. "I wonder if this is a Dwarf cave," he pondered to himself, recollecting on stories told by his cousins Frodo, and Bilbo. Excited by the prospect of a new adventure he crawled in further still, eyeing the rocks and imagining what new discoveries could be found down there. However he was not at all prepared when he peeked around a curve in the wall and came face to face with an odd looking creature. It had greenish-yellow skin, a big bulbous nose, a tuft of fuzzy hair atop its head, and a tail. Needless to say Pippin was quite startled and he yelped in surprise. And he wasn't the only one. Upon seeing him, the odd little creature's large eyes got even larger and he yelped at the same time as Pippin. Both yelps led to a series of larger yelps as each occupant of the cave became more terrified at the site of the other. "Ahh!" "Ahhhh" "Gahhh!" "Arrrrggg!" With a final yell that finally snapped him out of the frozen state he was in, Pippin backed up frantically, taking no more notice of the creature or the fact that it had turned tail and run also. The only thing on his mind was to get out of the cave has fast as he possibly could. He wriggled free, lost his balance backing out and fell backwards out of the cave with a grunt. He scrambled to his feet and hightailed it out the door. He almost yelled again when he ran right into the waiting arms of another problem, his sister. In his excitement and terror he had completely forgotten about the reason he had run into the room in the first place. He had indeed, nearly lost his sister by disappearing into the old room but his panicked scream had alerted her to his presence. "There you are you little-" "Pearl, there's something in the Mathom room!" Pippin shrieked. Pearl sighed. "Of course there is Peregrin. It's intended for storage, there's always something in there. Now come on." She grabbed his wrist and began to pull, only Pippin pulled back. "No! There's something in the wall. Some little creature with a big nose and a tail!" Pearl rolled her eyes. Pippin often tried to find excuses to get out of trouble or something divert attention from the prank he just pulled, but this was a new one. "Nice try brother. But you and I both know that there is nothing in that room aside from old keepsakes. Now let's go. That frog ruined my best party dress." With the discussion over she dragged her protesting brother down the hall toward their family quarters. Later that night Pippin lay awake in bed, thinking. His frog prank had earned him a week in his room, aside from the times he would be fixing the hole in the wall in the storage room. He had thought he reached a victory when he managed to finally convince his father to come look at the hole. However, when they got there, his father took one look at the hole and promptly delivered a long reprimand to his son about destroying the property of others. "Well son, if you can take it apart you can put it back together," was how it had ended, so Pippin now had to go back to that room and board it up. Board up the hole in the wall. Board up the hole in the wall that contained the odd little creature. "What was that thing anyway?" he wondered. Initially he had been frightened of it and didn't know that he'd be able to go into that room, his father's orders or not. But as time went by his better sense took over. He realized that it hadn't pursued him from the hole or attacked him. And when he and his father had gone into the room it hadn't attacked then either. Not to mention that it wasn't currently charging through the smial reeking havoc. So he probably didn't need to fear it while repairing the wall. Besides, it probably was long gone anyway. But as the fear faded it was replaced with an intense curiosity. That creature was like nothing he had ever seen, read about or heard about. Not even cousin Bilbo had described something quite like what he saw. It lived in a cave so his first thought was that it was a dwarf. "But dwarves are bigger than that, and they wear armor and have beards. That certainly did not have a beard." He said aloud to himself. So, it lived in a cave, it had no beard, no armor, it was half his size and it had a big nose and a tail. "Dwarves do have big noses," he puzzled, "and the only dwarves I've seen are rather old. Maybe it's a baby dwarf. Maybe it will grow a beard and get taller later." And the tail? His mind supplied. Pippin furrowed his brow, a weak thought that maybe the tail fell off when they got older also came to him. "That is ridiculous," he mumbled to himself. "Maybe it's a fairy." But it didn't strike him as a fairy. He was pretty sure fairies didn't look like that. Granted he didn't know what fairies looked like, but still. Sighing, he rolled over and closed his eyes. He was too tired to think about it anymore. Maybe the next day would bring some answers. Pippin woke feeling more excited to go begin work on the hole than he felt he should have been. He was anxious to explore the cave before he boarded it up. His disposition had also changed to one of not wanting anyone to know what he was up to instead of hoping someone would believe him about the strange little thing he had come across. He spent the next half hour or so gathering supplies for the job; lumber, tools, nails, the usual. He also ducked quickly into the kitchen and with a quick deft of hand swiped a biscuit and a roll. He was allowed a break during luncheon but he figured he'd get hungry sooner than that. Plus he needed…well…not bait so much as…a bribe. The young hobbit slipped into the room and made sure the door was shut behind him. As a precaution he pushed a heavy chair in front of the door. At least that way he would not be taken by surprise if someone came in. His ruse complete Pippin scrambled over to the wall and knelt in front of the hole. Not wishing to be taken by surprise again he stuck only his head in and looked around. He saw nothing. What, you were just expecting it to be wandering around by the entrance? "Maybe," he muttered to himself, a little chagrined that he thought it would be that easy. Next, he closed his eyes and tried to hone is hearing onto anything. All he was met with was silence. Silence Silence Footsteps His eyes shot open and he listened again. Yes, that was definitely footsteps. Not hobbit footsteps from the hallway, but, a small pitter-pattering from inside the cave. It was so soft he feared to miss it if he didn't keep concentrating on it. "Hello?" he called out softly. The pitter-pat stopped. "No no no no," he thought, "No I can't loose the sound." He tensely waited with is breath held. A few moments later the footsteps started again and Pippin was hard pressed to breathe softly, lest he miss the sound again, or scare the creature away. As the footsteps grew slightly louder, Pippin grew bolder. "Hello?" this time more confidence. "Hello, is anybody there?" A few moments later and a small, familiar head peaked around the corner. "H-h-he-ll-llo?" It stuttered Pippin gasped in surprise, he wasn't expecting it to speak to him. The creature gasped back and quick as a flash disappeared behind the corner. "Wait!" Pippin squeaked at its retreat. "Come back, I'm not going to hurt you." A small hand reappeared and gripped the wall as the little thing peered around the corner again. Pippin could see it trembling a bit. But he also saw something in its eyes. A familiar glint of inquisitiveness that was what all too often got Pippin himself into trouble on occasion. Moving slowly, and speaking softly, Pippin reached into his pocket and pulled out the roll and biscuit he had pilfered earlier. "Hello," he spoke congenially as if trying to coax a lamb from a bush. "It's okay, I won't