FAGE 007 Title: Dish Written for: Deonne Written By: chartwilightmom Rating: M Summary/Prompt used: "I think they should make a male version of Hooters, where guys walk around shirtless, wrangler jeans and cowboy hats. It shall be called Pythons." Disclaimer: Twilight character names belong to Stephenie Meyer. All characterizations, plot lines, backgrounds and details belong to the respective author. No copying or reproduction of this work is permitted without express written authorization. © 2014 chartwilightmom. All rights reserved worldwide. AN: Huge thanks to Karly for dealing with my abuse of commas and her beta skills to make this shiny and pretty. As always, thanks to BeeGurl for her love of Robert pics, and her creativity in the banner she made for this fic. And I gladly spend time on my knees giving thanks to Vampiremama for all her hard work at putting this gift exchange together, Mistress you're beyond worthy. If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange visit the facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps, or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox. www . fanfiction community /FAGE-007/93625/ Staring at the building in front of me I feel every nerve in my body, alive with energy, flowing through my veins, excitement and nervousness rolled into one. This was it, the start of our new business. This was our chance to create our own destiny, our own lively hood. No more waiting tables, or standing behind a bar and taking drink orders from assholes. I remember the first time I had my ass smacked while waiting tables. The urge to turn around and punch the guy in the face was so overwhelming that I almost cracked a tooth gritting so hard as I tried to smile back at the fucker. I knew then and there that the tables would be turned one day. And this was that day. My best friends and new business partners come up to stand beside me, and I can hear the hitch in their breath and the same energy flowing off of them that I possess. "I don't think the sign is big enough." Rose and I turn to look at Alice, her head tilted to the side. "Fuck, Alice, weren't you the one that approved it from the sign company?" I can tell from the tone of Rose's voice that she is on the edge of slamming Alice to the ground in an attempt to knock out whatever it is in her silly head that makes her mouth spew stupid things like this. Being the friend that I am, I touch Rose's arm to calm her and to prevent bloodshed before we even open the doors. I put on my best smile, step forward and put my key in the door, "Shall we ladies?" The door unlocks, the sound of the metal moving through the tumbler resonating through my ears, settling deep within me that this is really happening. At no point in this process did I feel I was making a mistake or taking a leap without looking. Not when we signed the papers in the lawyers office solidifying our new partnership, not when we signed the lease for the space we now enter, though I will admit a small part of me was afraid that at any moment a corner would whip out and cut me as a sign to say "no, you can't do this." No, this was the right thing, the right time, the right place, and above all, the right people. My key easily pulls out, and I pull the door back, opening and turning to Rose and Alice, "Welcome to Dish, ladies." One Year Later There is some crazy statistic out there that talks about how many restaurants fail in their first year. Well, not us. Nope, we are still growing with a line out the door every night. Alice is happy in the kitchen, and Rose beaming with pride as she works community in getting the word out about the hottest eatery and venue in the city. Between the three of us, we have managed to come up with the right recipe for our restaurant: great food, reasonable prices, and servers that make your mouth water as much as the food. I can remember the night we all came home from working late shifts at our various jobs when this idea started. We were sitting in the living space of the dive of a loft that we shared only to save money, shirts untucked, shoes off and beverages in our hands. We were talking about the creeps we all encountered that night, when Rose made the comment that set all of this in motion. "I think they should make a male version of Hooters, where guys walk around shirtless, in wrangler jeans and cowboy hats. It shall be called Pythons." It was that statement that had me thinking through the night, a plan starting for formulate into what would be the turning of the tables for us. Rose and I are childhood friends, growing up in a small town not too far from here. We spent our weekends here in the city, learning and moving within the accessible big world. It was after college, both of us armed with business degrees, that we learned that the big world around us didn't have room for two more businesswomen. So we took the skills we learned during college, waiting tables and working in bars, to earn our wage and continue living while waiting for that opportunity to find our place in the world. I moved from working at a chain restaurant, getting my ass slapped and hit on a regular basis, to an upscale club where I was still hit on, abated by a higher scale clientele, but at least I had the bar in front of me to keep the hands away from my ass. Rose met Alice a year out of college while working at a 'the more skin you show, the better the tips' place where Alice was a sous-chef at the time. She was a snarky spitfire, still is, and at the time working any job to learn and earn her stripes, but always itching to create her own dishes. The three of us have been living together for the past five years, scrimping and saving while working jobs we yearned to get away from. Over the last two years we became business partners, cementing our common goal at opening our own restaurant. Taking the initial idea from Rose, I came up with a plan that could actually work. With Alice as the chef, her menu creations not only delicious, but reasonable when it came to cost; Rose as the marketing genius, focusing on our target market, the average hot-blooded woman; and myself running the office, managing the books, the staff and the building, we had the triple threat to making our business a success. With a nicely dressed all male staff, fitted clothes and more than friendly attitudes, always a genuine smiles and model looks, we came up with the name of our restaurant, Dish. It is Monday mid-day, my second cup of coffee still steaming in front of me on the table as I wait nervously for our newest hires to present themselves for training. Fortunately we have created an environment where we have a low turnover rate, so I don't have to do this very often. "Here are the new hires," Jessica, my assistant says, placing an iPad in front of me. "These three," she pauses, pointing to the files she has pulled up. "All come from La Paz." I look up and see the smirk she is wearing. Beyond helping me with paperwork and her other duties, Jessica goes through all the resumes and applications we receive, sometimes leads from Rose who learns about certain waiters about town. She conducts a set of interviews before making the decision on the hires. So far, she has never steered the restaurant wrong in her choices of waiters. Apparently, these three were her latest steals. Jessica sits and gives me the short and sweet on her latest acquisitions, telling me her little tale of visiting La Paz, an overpriced, stuffy establishment on the other side of the city. I have been there myself once or twice, not remembering any wait staff worth dropping my card. But apparently she found something there. "Great work Jess." The sound of three sets of footsteps enters the main dining room give us pause to look up from the iPad, the three are quiet in their approach but purposely making their way to my table. I take a quick sip of my coffee and steel myself. "Thank you, Jessica. I will let you know if I need anything else." Jessica leaves, and after looking at the three beautiful men in front of me, I remind myself to set Jessica up for a spa day to reward her. All three men are young, but close to my age, tall and well groomed; all dressed in our standard fitted white button down, leaving little room to show nothing but their fit physics, with black tailored pants. Their shirts are open at the collar for the moment. There are a few more steps in training before they are deemed ready to receive our signature custom ties to don their necks. The first man on the left is Jasper, blond hair and what appears to be shoulder length, but I am unable to discern since he has it pulled back in a tight base-of-the-neck ponytail. His features are nice, chiseled with a stoic look about him that makes me think he has spent some time in the military. The second man is Emmett, large and muscular, with trimmed, short dark hair. His broad shoulders are what catch my eye first, making me wonder what sports he plays but when he smiles, flashing his killer dimples, my eyes immediately find what I know will be a smile to bring him more tips than he has ever seen before. The last man is Edward, whose lean body looks like he runs to keep in shape; his reddish brown hair is neatly combed back for the longer than trim length that he has. His sea green eyes watch me as give him a once over, and I immediately can tell that he is nervous even if his overall appearance says otherwise. Staying seated, I begin my prepared speech, "I know that all of you are some of the best servers in this city; we would not have hired you if you weren't more than competent. I am going to say this only once; you can put your dicks away right now. We are not going to have any pissing contests around here. And check your egos at the door too. We are here to serve, to show the beauty that we have assembled, in the atmosphere, in the staff and in the food. You are also not a gigolo; we don't pay you to have sex with the customers, we don't expect you to have sex with customers. Flirt yes, be sweet and kind yes." I knew damn well what happens out on the floor of the restaurant; slipping of numbers, gentle grazes of firm butts. Hell, I would think any hot-blooded woman that came to dine here would have a hard time not wanting to do something inappropriate to one of the waiters. "But anything beyond that isn't what we hired you for nor are you expected to do. This is not a strip club. You are not being paid to remove any clothes. Quite the opposite, you are being paid to be the best food server this town has ever seen, and look fuck hot doing so. If you have a problem with any of this, speak now." Watching the three men, I notice all are processing what I