Maybe she should've remembered him. She's seen him or bumped into him enough times. But somehow, they never really pieced together. 2 Years ago Annabeth drove up to the apartment complex, parking in her spot before walking up the stairs. Her stuff was already in there, not unpacked yet, spare a few boxes of clothing and some kitchen utensils. She looked around at the bare walls, the little closet, the beige carpet and thought, Home Sweet Home . She would be living here for another four years, going to the nearby university NYU and studying architecture. Percy woke up from his nap-no, he was living by himself now. It was not a "nap", it was...beauty sleep. Percy woke up from his beauty sleep, hearing a car park at the spot reserved for the room next door, which had been for sale for a while now. He looked at the clock, and suddenly realized he was going to be late for work at the New York Aquarium, which wasn't very close to his apartment. Percy would've gone to college-if he could afford it. But sadly, he couldn't, and the closest university(NYU) that wouldn't make him have to move(as he can't afford moving) had tons of amazing students and he didn't earn a scholarship. He wasn't smart enough anyways, always getting into trouble in school and getting low grades due to his ADHD and dyslexia. The only thing he was ever good at was Marine Biology. Eventually it paid off. The manager of the New York Aquarium had been impressed when he went to ask for a job and had handled a baby dolphin perfectly after passing a test by their most knowledgeable employee, so he gave Percy a job despite his lack of experience, a kind of paid internship. It was enough for Percy to pay his rent and start saving up for college. The Next Day A few more boxes had come in, sent last minute by Annabeth's dad. She was pretty strong so she had little trouble, but there was one medium sized box that she just couldn't lift . "Need a little help?" Annabeth turned to see a tall, dark-haired young man about her age. He looked strong too, and nice enough to be genuinely offering help. "Yeah, thanks. I can't lift this one, could you..." "No prob. Which apartment?" "2B." "Hey! I live in 2A! You must be the new neigbor." Annabeth rolled her eyes "Obviously." The man just grinned. They stood in the elevator in silence, each holding one of Annabeth's last two boxes, then walked through the door of Annabeth's apartment and stood in the bare room. "Well...this is it. You can just put it down there." "'Kay." he replied, shaking his arms once he put the box down. "Dang, what was in there?" "I have no idea," Annabeth replied, and opened up the box to find...all of her baby picture albums. "Oh, gods, dad!" "Are those...?" Percy asked, grinning. "My baby pictures? Yup. Well, thanks for getting the box for me, nice to meet you," She said as she practically pushed him out the door, blushing as he laughed. "No problem. If you need any more help, don't hesitate to ask." He replied,"Oh, and, you were an adorable baby by the way." He laughed as he ran back into his own apartment, leaving Annabeth red-faced and vaguely wondering what his name was. Five months Later Annabeth was working at a large architecture firm on an internship while still in college. Usually they didn't hire college students, but Annabeth had always been talented, and a quick learner, despite her dyslexia and ADHD. They had quickly recognized her talent and had hired her. As she went about her daily routine, she realized she had never talked to any of her neighbors. Well, she had talked to that one boy the second day here, but she didn't even catch his name. Oh, well. She had to hurry. She always had only 20 minutes to get between her college class and her job, and there was always a little bit of traffic. It is New York, after all. Percy was late. Again. He'd gotten promoted-again-and he was expected to always be "punctual", whatever that meant. He literally ran out of the apartment in his work outfit and...promptly crashed into another body. Who did he think he was? Annabeth had walked out of the apartment, took a step, and someone crashed into her, making her stumble. He caught her arm as she fell-she could tell it was a he by his strong grip-and steadied her. "I'm so sorry...I'm running late and I was rushing...I really got to go, bye!" And he ran off. No wonder why I hadn't met my neighbors before, Annabeth thought. A year later Annabeth was in the middle of her sophomore year in high school. She was not as busy this year, she had a new teacher who was pretty fun and easy and didn't give as much homework. She even had time to get a boyfriend for a while-Luke-but she broke up with him a few weeks ago and now she was at a starbucks. A lonely starbucks lover, someone would've said a while ago, when the song was extremely popular but no one really knew the lyrics. Percy was free. Well, not really. But now, after the beginner stage of the job was over, Percy had gotten the hang of things, and he didn't have to worry so much anymore. Not to mention his paycheck increased,making him nearly three quarters of the way there to being able to pay for college-if he went to a small one, that is. If he wanted to go to NYU, he'd have to get a scholarship, and financial aid, but then he'd be a fifth of the way there, too. He plopped down in a crowded starbucks, ordering only an ice water(hey, five dollar drinks are expensive). He looked across from him and was surprised to see a pretty blonde with grey eyes staring across the table at him. She looked sort of familiar, but he couldn't exactly place it. She was drinking an iced caramel macchiato. Yep. He was a barista for a while in high school, he knew all the drinks. "Umm, hi,"He said, trying to make conversation. "Hi," the girl replied "I'm Percy, what's your name?" "Annabeth. I-oh shoot, I'm late. Gotta go, bye!" And with that, "Annabeth" left. Percy kind of felt like she just made an excuse to leave. Annabeth felt kind of bad, she thought it sounded kind of rude in hindsight, but it was too late now, and she really did have to go. 1 month later Percy grinned as he walked up to the door and rang the doorbell. A few seconds later, a beautiful lady with long brown hair opened the door and smiled her big smile that Percy loved. Yup. Percy was visiting his mom. "Percy! You're back!" He enveloped her in a huge hug. "I'm back, mom! And are those...blue cookies?" "Yup! I baked them just for you. Oh, Percy, come in!" 10 cookies and an entire afternoon later, Percy had to leave. "Wait, Percy. I can't finish all of these cookies! Here, take them home." Percy smiled. "Really? Thanks Mommy!" "You're welcome, sweetie." Annabeth came home crying. She and Luke had gotten back together for a while, but he broke up with her today for another beautiful and really nice girl that Luke had liked for a while now. She silently berated herself. What did she expect? Tall, handsome, senior Luke staying with plain old sophomore Annabeth over that senior girl named Drew or something? The tall and toned Asian one that looked amazing in whatever she wore? The one that was almost perfection in every guy's eyes with her looks(albeit more than a little rude)? She pushed past someone on the way out of the elevator as she slammed the door, still crying. Percy watched the pretty girl run into apartment, sobbing. Hey, wasn't that the girl from starbucks a while ago? He suddenly felt bad for her-his mom had always told him to be nice to everyone when he was little, and he had taken that to heart. He was even holding his mother's cookies in his hands! He stared at her door for a while, before dashing inside his own apartment. Annabeth heard the doorbell ring. Who the hell would be here now? What if it was Luke? She panicked, wiping the tears off her face and breathing in and out to at least look normal. Fixing her clothes, she opened the door and was slightly disappointed to find no Luke there. In fact, there was nobody in the door, which left Annabeth feeling more than a little annoyed until she saw the box laying at her feet with a piece of paper attached. She brought it inside and gently closed the door behind her. Dear girl next door, Hey, I don't know what's going on, but I think you need these more than I do. They're good, trust me, my mom made them. Love, your next door neighbor, Percy Annabeth opened up the box and smiled as she saw a ton of blue chocolate chip cookies piled in there. Slightly apprehensive about them(they were blue!), she raised one up and examined it. It didn't seem...poisonous, so she took a bite and-mmmmmm...Percy was right. They are delicious. She wrote a short note back saying thanks and left it on his door to find the next day. 3 weeks later. Annabeth hears a noise. A very quiet noise, but a noise. She stands up from the chair in the small living room and slowly follows the sound into her bedroom and presses her ear against the wall and-oh. The walls are thinner than she thought. Annabeth can hear her neighbor-the really nice one that gave her cookies a few weeks ago-singing in the shower. And he was GOOD too. Not perfect, not pop-singer good, but it wasn't bad. Ironically, he was singing that song, Shower or something by something-G. Annabeth wasn't really up to date with the music. She could hear faint whispers of, Laaa daa dee, laa daa daa, laa daa daaaaaaa...singing in the shower. Laa daa dee, laa daa daa, laa daa daaaa...singing in the shower ... On repeat. Turns out it was the only lyrics he knew. She didn't really want to interrupt him, but his voice was distracting her and she needed to work. So she knocked on the wall and shouted,"Hey! I'm sorry, but I'm trying to work?" A few crashes were heard along with a loud "Sorry!" And Annabeth grinned to herself. For no reason at all. 6 months later It was summer break. Also called busy season at the aquarium. They each were allowed two weeks off, but Percy couldn't afford to not be there. He was taking classes at a small community college, and it was cheap, but Percy wanted more. And so he worked. Percy geared up in the wetsuit. Yup, he was now the person who dived in to feed the animals. He was also a trainer-in-training, but for now, all he got to do was dive in and drop fish, or whatever the animals ate. Today was going well for Percy. The rounds were done without a hitch, all the animals were fed, he watched and helped with the animal training, and played and nursed the babies. He was soon going to participate in his very first show as an assistant, doing small things like tossing the treats as a reward while the senior trainer speaks to the audience. Percy walked to the room behind the show pools(it was the sea lion show this hour) and put on the navy blue polo t-shirt and cargo shorts the staff wore. "Ready Percy?" Triton, the senior trainer that was running the show clapped him on the back. "Ready." Percy put on a determined show