Quicksand Chapter 1: Learning to Cope It was strange without him; I am not going to lie. There are things I miss. Okay, I miss everything, but it's not as if he is coming back anytime soon. Not for me anyway. I feel empty, as if no one could want me, no one would want me. Why would someone want me anyway? I was just damaged goods. Okay, so I know you are confused, so let me start from the beginning. My name is Bella Swan, and this is my story. When I was eighteen, the love of my life left me in the woods. I know it does not sound that bad, but believe me it was. I was a normal day, okay so it wasn't a normal day nothing was normal with Edward. It was a few days after I turned eighteen and the crisis at my birthday party. It was just one pinprick of blood, just one tiny drop of blood, but enough to make a vampire ravenous. It was my fault I guess, with me being so accident-prone. I guess it was just bound to happen eventually. I was opening one of my presets, when my finger slipped on the paper and I gave myself a paper cut. Me being… well me, squeezed my finger to make sure I wasn't bleeding, well what do you know? I was, and I watched that tiny drop of blood slowly drop to the alabaster carpet below. I hear someone take a sharp breath and Edward yelling " No !" then I was being shoved backwards into a table. There was a loud crunching sound and I looked up to see the beautiful Grand Piano collapsing under Jasper's weight. After that day, things had been weird. Edward has been acting different, more distant . I just figured it would pass, but then he didn't pick me up for school and none of the Cullen's showed up that day either. I was worried, but my worry had soon turned to relief when I got home to see Edward waiting in the driveway. He asked me to go for a walk with him; I knew then that something was wrong. I don't remember much after that, I just remember him leading me down the pathway into the woods by my house. We didn't get far before he stopped, turned around and looked me over as if it was the last time he would see me. I asked him what was wrong when he told me that they were leaving, I remember begging him, and then trying to follow him but he was too fast, and I ended up falling over something and then I was knocked out cold. I remember waking up in horrible pain, as if I was on fire, something was scorching me, burning me, no blistering me. I begged for someone, anyone to save me from this scalding fire! I didn't know what was happening to me! I tried to stand, but I couldn't move, not even to speak. I was still lying in the woods, on the ground next to an enormous tree. I then realized what was happening to me. I vaguely remember Edward telling me how it felt, to change into a vampire, the excruciating pain as the venom rips through your veins. Someone had bit me, but whom? Who would do this to me? None of the Cullen's of course, as they were long gone by now. But somebody else, Victoria? Laurent? Some other nomad passing though? No, it couldn't be a nomad; no passerby would just leave me alive. It had to be either Victoria or Laurent, but why? Then it hit me, like a ton of bricks. I was going to be a vampire! I can't go home, or even back to school! What I would want more than anything now was blood, and lots of it. But maybe I would be able to control it? I laid there for what seemed like hours, but then the pain began to subside. Slowly like someone was pouring ice-cold water through my veins, I stood up and was able to begin walking towards my house. I caught the scent of Charlie before I saw him. His scent sent a blazing flash of pain down my throat. I fought to overcome it, this was my dad, I loved him, and I couldn't hurt him. I ran up to my window and climbed through. I quickly but quietly grabbed my sunglasses and my wallet, so no one would see my eyes. I then I jumped back out the window and ran quickly down the road, towards the store, and then slowed to a walk as I reached the doors. I knew if people saw my eyes they would freak, so I had to get contacts, at least until my eyes became more adjusted. I quickly grabbed several boxes of brown contact lenses, and went to the register to pay. "Will this be all?" The person at the register asked. I had held my breath the entire time that I was in there, and I didn't have any left to reply, so I just nodded. I paid for them, then grabbed the sack and went outside. I walked over to the side of the building that went towards the woods, stopped and took off my sunglasses. I opened one of the boxes, snapped open the little container, and popped one in my eye, the other followed. I knew that it wouldn't completely put me back to my old color, but it would be better than red, right? I then walked back around the store towards the edge of the parking lot. I caught sight of myself in a mirror of a parked car and almost screamed! I thought someone was following me at first; I barely looked like myself. My hair was now a beautiful brown not the dull brown it had been, and my skin was so pale white that I almost looked like a statue. My eyes were a muddy brown, with a hint of red behind them. I looked wild, my eyes wide, staring, searching for something that resembled me. I made it back to the house, and I took a deep breath before walking through the door. Charlie seemed startled, he stood up from his chair and exclaimed. "BELLA!?" He exclaimed, I just stared at him. I had no clue how long I had been gone so I didn't really know what to say. "Um... hi dad." I said finally, taking a breath, his scent making my throat burn. "Bella? Is that you?" he asked squinting his eyes. "Yes, dad." I answered trying to make my voice a little deeper from its high-pitched bell tone now. "Do you have any idea how worried I was about you? You have been gone for four days! No one has seen you! I went over to the Cullen's to see if you were there and their house was empty! I thought you had left with them! I have been worried sick." He rambled "I'm sorry dad, I really am, I don't know what to say." I said. Every time I opened my mouth, burning seared through my throat. "Would you like to explain to me where you have been?" he said, I could tell he was upset, not mad, just worried and upset. Crap... act cool, act cool... what to tell him? "Oh... I was with Alice, she took me down to Seattle to shop only her car broke down and we just got back...I really am sorry." I said forcing the lie out. My heart ached when I said her name. "With Alice?" he asked, I could tell he didn't really believe me and was going to ask another question. "Yep." I squeaked, not looking him in the eyes when I said it. He looked dazed for a minute, then replied a short okay, and sat back down in his chair. That was strange... I thought. "I'm going to bed, I love you." I forced out through my teeth. "Night." he replied seeming normal now. I ran upstairs and shut my door just as I felt the contacts in my eyes dissolve. I looked around my room examining everything something was different. I turned around to my desk, my pictures were gone! All my pictures of the Cullen's were missing. Who would do such a thing? Now I had nothing, it was just a memory, and that would fade with time too. It was already becoming blurry and fuzzy around the edges. Trying to calm myself down, I clamped down hard on the desk, pieces of wood shavings coming off in my hands. I was strong that was for sure, but how strong? I lied down on my bed trying to think. I was waiting for Charlie to go to bed, because I knew he would check in on me before he went. After a couple hours of waiting, I finally hear the TV click off and heard his clomping footsteps coming up the stairs, I quickly climbed under the covers, and pretended to be sleeping. I heard the door creak open, and after a few seconds, Charlie walked over to my bedside and rubbed my hair. He sighed after a few seconds and left the room. I heard his door shut, and him climb into bed, it wasn't long until he was fast asleep. I waited a couple more minutes before I left the house out through my window. I needed to hunt, and fast, I was parched, if it could my stomach would have been growling. I ran north towards Canada, I wanted to see how far I could go before I got tired... Well apparently, I wasn't going to get tired, I was now somewhere in Alaska, I think close to Denali. I decided this was as best place as ever to hunt, I stopped when I caught a scent that was mouthwatering. I heard a warm, large heartbeat, I tried not to think about what I was about to do, then I raced off towards the delicious smell. I was just about to collide with the huge buck when a flash of black and white knocked into me and knocked me down. "Oof." I exclaimed as I hit a tree, and the buck went running off. I slid into a crouch prepared to attack whatever had knocked me down. A growl slipped from my mouth, my teeth bared. I heard a gasp and my eyes flicked to the direction of the sound. I was staring into the black eyes of someone I knew well. Alice Cullen. "Oh my gosh! Bella?" she exclaimed. I quickly took off at full speed running south, I had to get home, and I couldn't see them now. I knew she couldn't keep up, so I pushed on. I made it home very quickly, no sign of me being followed. After I calmed down from my little pity party, I had been throwing myself I decided just to hunt around here. After about three does and two large bucks, I finally felt full. I headed home climbing back through my window before changing my now tattered and bloody clothes. The clock read 6:00 a.m. and I knew my dad must already be up, getting ready for work. I walked down stairs after I took a quick shower putting my clothes back on once again. It was a Monday morning. Great, just what I needed, school. Was I ready? Could I handle it? I found him at the table drinking a cup of coffee reading the paper. "Good Morning dad." I said as I sat down in the chair across from him. "Morning, Bells." he said looking over the paper at me then looking back at it. I figured he would say something if I didn't eat, especially since I was so pale now. I grabbed a granola bar