"Azalea is a stupid name!" I pouted at the older blonde boy taunting me, stomping my foot on the dirt beneath my feet. " Is not!" I whined, scrunching up my face at him. "Is too!" He shouted, laughing with the girl beside him. "Don't you think so Dahlia?" Dahlia giggled, nodding, her blonde curly pigtails bouncing. "It is!" The blonde boy turned to look at me again, sticking his tongue out. I huffed, saying, "I think Cato is a stupid name!" Cato narrowed his eyes at me, shoving me down onto the dirty ground beneath us. Dahlia and Cato laughed as I yelped, quickly hopping up and swatting the dirt off. "Your mean." I shouted, yelping again as he tugged hard on a strand of my short hazel hair. He laughed yet again, smiling at me and not replying. "Go home Azalea. No one wants you here." Dahlia said, placing her tiny hands on her hips. I pouted again, turning from them and stomping away, their laughter filling my ears. "Bye Azalea!" Cato shouted, still laughing, Dahlia's giggling only increasing in volume. I picked up my speed, running and running until I reached home. "Daddy!" I yelled, still pouting as I scurried into his study. He looked up from the project on his desk, smiling softy as he saw me. "Azalea, what happened? Why are you dirty?" He asked, moving his glasses off of his face and setting them on the desk. "Dahlia and her friend were mean to me." I pouted, coming over and climbing onto his lap. He sighed, patting my head. "Sweetheart, she's your step-sister. I'm sure she was just trying to play a game." "No, she was being mean." I say, looking up at him, my eyes wide. He smiled down at me, kissing my forehead. "I believe you, Zalea. I believe you." I smiled, wrapping my tiny arms around his neck and squeezing him tight. "I love you daddy." "I love you too, Azalea. Always." [-X-] "I'm serious Nastia. I can't take this much longer." I groaned, reaching both hands up and tightening the long chocolate brown ponytail that was on top of my head, a tired sigh leaving my lips. Nastia didn't respond, wincing slightly as she watched some boy get thrown into the mats beneath him, a loud cry of pain emanating from his mouth. She reached a hand up; tugging on one of her spiral curls aimlessly, a nervous habit. "Hello? Nastia are you even listening to me?" I say with a sigh, waving my bruised hand in front of her face. She flicked her eyes over at me, opening her mouth to speak, before abruptly shutting it again and looking back at the fight before us. "I am, I just don't have a response." She said finally, looking away from the brawl again, the grunts coming from the pair of boys too much for her to handle. I sighed, tugging on the hem of my academy uniform, it being all black and clinging to my small body. Being a thirteen-year-old girl bubbling with insecurities, I was less than happy to have to slip this on every morning. The fact that I was coming to get the emotion beaten out of me wasn't exactly a pleasant thing either. "Alright, alright! I think there's a clear winner here. Cato, your still top of class. Congratulations." One of the trainers grunted out, raising the cocky fifteen-year-old boy's hand into the air, a smirk appearing on his sweaty face. A serge of heat rushed to my cheeks as his eyes flickered over me as he examined the crowd of other students, his hand finally being lowered. I looked down to the floor, fiddling with the bracelet around my wrist as Nastia finally felt the need to speak, babbling on about some game her friend had taught her. I lifted my head back up, the crowd of students around us all chattering as they waited for the next pair of fighters to be chosen, some of them practically begging for it to be them. Nastia continued talking animatedly, her hands waving about, her curls bouncing as she got excited. My eyes wandered over her shoulder to the gloating blonde boy, one of his hands pushing through his short hair before scratching the back of his head. One of his friends mumbled something in his ear, making his eyes turn towards me, a small laugh emanating from his lip and reaching my ears. A shiver rose up my spine as his eyes remained on my face, a small smirk cracking onto his face as he winked at me, sending my heart into a pounding frenzy. My entire face heated up, my hands getting clammy as I swallowed the small lump in my throat; my nerves all bundled up in my stomach. "Hey Azalea!" My head snapped up as Cato's voice reached my ears, some people quieting down to see what was happening. I wasn't sure what to do; Cato had never talked to me before. Well, not in a friendly manner. "Nice hair!" He finally shouted, before all of his friends, as well as him, busted out into laughter, everyone else slowly joining in. I scrunched up my face in confusion, lifting my hand up to feel the long ponytail I had worked so long to obtain. Only it wasn't there. I turned my head around, seeing my ponytail on the ground, Dahlia laughing like mad with a small blade in her hands, a smug look on her face. "Oops, my hand must've slipped." She quipped, jabbing the blade out again and slicing a small cut into my hipbone. I winced, my eyes beginning to water as the pain grew, my feet moving as I pushed my way through the crowd of laughing students. "What's wrong Azalea?" Dahlia shouted mockingly, everyone only laughing harder as I picked up my speed, shoving my way through everyone and out the door, running as fast as my feet could take me. I was never going back there. Not ever again. [-X-] "Azalea! Damn it, Az! Wake up!" I snapped my eyes open, the rain pouring down from the sky completely soaking me. "What's going on?" I asked groggily, rubbing my hands at my tired eyes. I brushed some of the damp hair from my face, sitting up and groaning at the stiffness of my back. I suppose sleeping on stone can do that do you. I blinked a few times, shielding my eyes as with my hand as I looked up. Nastia stared down at me with a rose eyebrow, her black ringlets weighed down by the rain, which was still coming down in buckets. "We fell asleep, idiot. We've been out all night." She says, ushering for me to stand. I quickly hop up, saying, "Let's go then!" The both of us took off out of the quarry, running as fast as our feet could take us. "I'll see you later!" Nastia shouted, peering off to the left towards her house. I smiled and waved, turning right and continuing my running, my feet smacking against the pavement in loud thumps. I slowed as I approached the house; it's perfect gray stone exterior glaring at me. I rolled my eyes, slipping my shoes off and hopping over the white fence into the damp grass. I strolled my way up the front path, before swinging open the front door with a bang. "Azalea Aysel Morgandy! Where in the world were you?" A voice shrieked, making me roll my eyes. "Out." I reply simply, walking towards the carpeted stairs. Good answer. "Come back here young lady." Patricia, my former stepmother, shouted, making me roll my eyes yet again. She must have guests over. Otherwise she wouldn't give a damn if I ever came home. "What?" I asked, turning around towards her. She narrowed her eyes at me, her pristine blonde hair up in a sleek bun, a white blouse and gray pencil skirt making her look very professional. It made me want to laugh in her face. "Where were you?" She demanded, raising an eyebrow. I peeked over her shoulder, seeing two of her friends watching us, nosily I might add. "I was at Nastia's house. I lost track of time. Won't happen again." I say in a bored tone, before turning and heading up the stairs, hearing her huff again. "Don't forget were going out tonight!" She shouted just before I slammed my door shut. "Whatever." I mumbled, tossing my damp shoes into the pile of them near the door, before plopping down onto my bed, a small smile forming on my lips from the memories of last night with my friends. I let out a small sigh, sitting up and peeking out my window, the sun beginning to show through the clouds. I stood, walking over to my window and opening it, taking a deep breath of the familiar air of District Two. It's going to be a good day. "Azalea! Open the damn door!" Spoke to soon. I groaned, crossing the room and swinging open the door, Dahlia staring down at me with bored expression. "Can I help you?" I asked, folding my arms across my chest. Dahlia flipped a strand of her perfect blonde hair over her shoulder, before handing me an envelope. "You have mail. Nice hair, by the way." I rolled my eyes, shutting the door in her face before hopping back onto my bed, tearing the envelope open, a smile spreading on my lips as I began to read. To my dear Azalea: Thank you for the birthday wishes, sweetheart. I miss you as well, and cannot wait to see you soon. I hope everything is going well at home, even though I know you'd much rather be here with me. How are Patricia and Dahlia treating you? Just remember what I told you before I left; this is only for a little while. I'll be home soon, and then it'll just be the two of us again. Just how it should be. I cannot wait to hear from you soon – Dad I set the letter down on my bedside table, the picture of my dad and I right beside it. I smiled a sad smile at the picture, before looking away. He'll be home soon. I'm sure he means it this time. Then I'll be out of this hell house. I stood, making my way into the bathroom and hopping into the shower. After all, I needed to look my best tonight. Don't wanna embarrass my loving family. Oh wait. I don't have one. [-X-] "Do I have to go?" I whined, picking at the hem of my knee length sleeveless black dress. Patricia sent me a look, before going back to fixing her hair. I was ready an hour ago; Dahlia hadn't even left her room yet. I watched Patricia in the mirror; her eyes squinted as she focused on putting each and every hair in exactly the right place. She was still wearing the same apparel as earlier, only with a pair of expensive looking high heels. It made me sick how much money she wasted. Sure, we didn't live in an exactly poor District, but that didn't mean we needed to throw our money around like a mini capitol. That's because it is a mini capitol. Dahlia finally made her way down the stairs, Patricia cooing over her like a little puppy. I resisted the urge to vomit. I couldn't help but admit Dahlia looked fantastic, but then again, she always did. With her gorgeous golden blonde hair and perfect fair skin, it was impossible for her to not look fantastic. Her hair was down in its natural straight state, resting right in the middle of her back. She was wearing a sleek pink dress, which ended just below her knees. It had long sleeves, ending at her elbows, and a v shaped neckline. It flowed down her waist,