Hello everyone. I came up with the idea for this story after reading the hunger games book. Let say this is an alternate version of catching fire. This is a Gale X Peeta story so if you don't like that then please don't not read. For the rest of you I hope you like it. Sorry for any spelling and grammatical errors. "There has to be someone you want to bring with you." Effie Trinket was about to have a conniption, running his thin finger with gold painted nails through her golden wig with such force that I'm sure that if the hair was attached to her head, she would be ripping it out in clumps. She continued to pace back and forth, her clipboard clamped in the other hand about to be crushed into a dust if I don't give her a satisfactory answer as soon as possible. Tomorrow we start the victory tour of the hunger games, a six week tour of Panem starting with the Capital and going through each of the districts, learning about their main industries, before we end our journey back in district twelve with a huge and ridiculous celebration. Each of us, Katniss and I, are allowed to bring one person with us who we would love to bring on the tour to see the country. Katniss already chose her sister Prim to join her while I have been getting hounded by Effie for the past three days to pick someone. At first, it wasn't that big of an inconvenience, but now it's starting to piss me off. "I just haven't really thought about it much." I lie. Truthfully, there aren't many people I would want to bring. My family doesn't care about me, with exception to my father who is too busy with the bakery that I wouldn't be able to take him away from that. My mother is a retched person who would do nothing more then make my life miserable, same goes for my brothers. Neither of them really care if I had died or not in the games. There's only one person I would enjoy having by my side, but that would never happen. I had told the world that I was in love with someone. That much was true, but I couldn't be completely honest with them so I said it was Katniss hoping we could ally and it worked out better then we could have expected. I promised myself that after we won I would confess my love, my real love. But ever since I've done nothing more than sit around in my house, painting, and waiting for the best opportunity to say it, out loud, but every time I think I can something holds me back. Someone is always there or the courage retreats back inside of me. It never seems right. "Well you have to come up with something by tonight's announcements or else I'll just have to pick someone for you." She says scribbling down notes on her clipboard. "I will have someone," I say through clenched teeth, trying my best to hold my growing anger inside. Finally I decided that I can't take this anymore, I need to get away from everyone and everything right now. "Don't worry. Everything will be on schedule." I say mockingly as I grab my jacket and storm out of my house into the chilled air. I need to clear my head. The best way I do that is with my painting. But I can't go back to my house, Effie would only hound me more about not finding someone to bring. I start walking, just breathing and trying to think of something. Before I know where my feet have taken me I end up outside my family's bakery. Next best thing to painting is frosting. Inside my father stands behind the counter selling some day old bread to one of the regulars. Without a word I go into the back, slip on an apron and begin doing what I do best. The piping bag becomes the brush in my hand and the empty cakes my canvas. Every emotion of frustration slowly melts away from my body as I lose myself in my art. When I finally come out of the trance I step back and look at my work. White icing flowing into thin delicate lines like lace, large flowers blooms all around painted a rainbow of colors; blood red, forest green, lilac violet, sky blue, sunflower yellow and small hearts encircling the entire thing, each looking like they could start beating. This would make anyone smile but I know that no one in district twelve could ever afford this. But at least they could get enjoyment from it. I set it in the window for everyone that passes can see. Outside the twilight has taken over where the sun once was. I'd spend at least two hours just painting out my angst. "Hey Peeta," a squeaky shy voice calls to me. I turn to find the mayor's daughter, Madge, standing in front of the counters as my father wraps up a batch of cookies for her. I'd never really spoken much with Madge before the hunger games; I only noticed that she and Katniss would always be together at school but now, every once and a while, she likes to strike up a conversations with me. "That's a beautiful cake." She says eyeing the frosted masterpiece that I just put on display. "I bet Katness will love it. She's so lucky to have someone with such a beautiful skill in love with her." Pangs of guilt rush my body. Everyone still thinks that Katniss and I are foolishly and uncontrollably in love with each other. Part of that is true. I do love Katniss but not in the way that I told everyone. She a wonderful friend and saved my life so many times I lost count by now but I could never love her the way I should love her. But no matter how hard I try and how much I would enjoy that I never could. She's just not the person I fell in love with. I just shrug and smile shyly. "Probably not, she would say it cost too much and yell at me to take it back." She smiles a large genuine smile and lets out a small giggle. "I suppose you're right. It's such a shame such a beautiful thing will go to waste." My father clears his throat, telling her that her cookies are ready. She blushes with a smile of embarrassment, puts the money on the counter and with a quick smile and goodbye she's out the door. I look at my father, his eyebrows raised high and I already know what he's thinking. If there's one thing that would make my mother happy is if I married a girl like her; pretty, kind, wealthy with political power. The kind of girl who would be able to make all my families troubles disappear. Since I won the games I don't need any money or political power. But since I won the games everyone thinks I'm in love with Katniss, a girl my mother strongly dislikes yet respects. Madge is just another lovesick puppy I could never love in return. But she's right; it's a shame to let something so pretty go to waste. I pick it out of the window and into a box large enough to hold it. I put more than enough money on the counter to cover the cost of the cake, icing and other supplies and head off back toward Victory Village. I wait outside the door for someone to answer. After a moment, the doll-faced little girls answer with a sweet smile and invites me in. Prim has always been kind to me and, from what Katniss had told me, she loves my decorating so giving her and her family this cake will only bring her joy. When I tell her I have something just for her, her face lights up like the sun. We walk to the kitchen which was filled with people. Katniss turns to see me and greets me with a smile while Haymitch sit with a cup of coffee in his hand, most likely trying to work out a hangover. Effie, of course, still attempts to keep everything on track. Mrs. Everdeen stands over the stove cooking something that smells like fresh duck. I place the box on the table and open it up. Prim's face glows as she looks over my handiwork. Katniss makes a face that she is displeased with it. "And why did you bring that here? That is way too expensive." She crosses her arms. But I knew that this would be her reaction. "Well it's a good thing I didn't bring for you, it's for Prim. I know how much she enjoys looking at my frosting designs so I figured she should be able to eat one." I say back with a sly smile. If it's something that would make Prim happy, Katniss will never deny her. "Not till after dinner," Her mother says as Prim gazes at the cake with wanting eyes. Prim lets out a small sigh. I can't help but smile. "Aw, come on, let's enjoy it now." A rugged, smooth and sexy voice calls from the back door. It swings open and in steps the one the causes my heart to flutter in my chest like butterfly's trying to escape. Gale enters the house with three wild turkeys hanging from his belt and a bag filled with rabbits, ducks, plants, herbs and other game from his day of hunting. Reaching in his bag he pulls out a handful of greens and hands them to Mrs. Everdeen. "Here are those herbs you wanted." She thanks him and heads off to go place them in her medical kit. Gale takes a seat at the table and pours himself a cup of coffee. I'm not really sure what him and Katniss are talking about, all I can hear is my heart pounding in my ears. This is the first time we've been in the same place and he hasn't avoided coming around, or made a face at my presence. After the games he was so distraught about the whole 'Katniss and I in love' thing that he almost stopped talking to her. Me, he doesn't even want to talk to me, not that he did before. I'm guessing it's because it will be the last day she'll be around that he figured he should put his loathing for me aside to see her. Of course the one person that can't even stand to be in the same room as me is the one that I would to have holding me at night when the nightmares hit. Of course it wasn't a surprise that it's Gale I long for; smooth olive skin, dark ink black hair, tall, muscular body and a handsome face set with stunning grey eyes. It's no wonder every girl in school whispers about him, he could have any girl and most of the boys if he really wanted. But instead he wants her, the one that I told everyone I loved. Now we're competing for her love when this battle is one sided. "Peeta?" Katniss' voice snaps me out of my own thoughts. Everyone in the room is looking at me inquisitively. "I'm sorry I was thinking about something. What did you say?" "I asked if you wanted a piece of cake." Despite Mrs. Everdeen's protest, they decided to cut into the cake for some sort of pre-victory tour or goodbye celebration. Effie has a piece as tiny as could be, she doesn't want eat too much sugar. Haymitch doesn't even have a slice; he probably can't ingest solid food at this point in the day. Gale and Katniss each have equality big slices and Prim, of course, has the biggest