WARNING: From now on, the O . Cs you have submitted are under my power to be manipulated as I will. There will be deaths, angst, and heartbreak -because I'm me, and I hope that you won't be offended (or take it personally) when/if your character dies. Hey, everybody! I know some of you miss BBG, while others might be relieved that I FINALLY finished it, so I can write other stories, too. But I hope you'll all enjoy HA as well! Without further ado, I give you Hell's Angel! *Character List* (So I don't have to write a long intro about them every time they pop up.) -Jayden 'Jade' Jackson; Son of Zeus(15): Black hair with bright sea-green eyes edging on jade-colored. Tanned. -Laila di Angelo; Daughter of Nyx(15): Jet black straight hair with odd murky brown eyes. Pale. -Reece 'Reed' Xanthe; Son of Demeter(15): Silver blonde hair with emerald green eyes. Fair-skinned. -Hermione 'Firefox' Grace; Daughter of Hermes(15): Dirty blonde hair with sky blue eyes. Tanned. -Auden D'Amico; Son of Notus(14): Dark brown/red/golden hair(changes with the time of the day) with grey tips, with hazel eyes. Golden tan. Italian. -Azalea 'Lea' Lennox; Daughter of Apollo(14): Curly coppery red hair with hazel eyes. Tanned. -Kieran Ransom; Son of Boreas(15): White tousled hair with dark grey eyes. Pale. -Victor 'Vic' Russell; Son of Akhlys(14): Messy black hair with poison green eyes. Tanned. -Shauna Myles; Daughter of Aeolus(13): Short blonde hair with warm hazel eyes. Light tan. -Kyle 'Storm' Solace; Son of Zeus(13): Dark brown hair with sky blue/storm grey eyes. Light olive. -Korbyn 'Emokid' Walker; Son of Aphrodite(14): Originally blonde, but dyed black with a single streak of blonde, with smoky blue eyes. Fair-skinned. -Ren Costelle; Son of Erebus(15): Dark grey hair with silvery grey eyes. Light olive. -Chase Gray; Son of Melinoe(13): Pitch black messy hair with topaz eyes that darken to black near the edges. Pale. -Blanche 'Bree' Choi(13); Daughter of Athena: Jet black hair with grey almond eyes. Light tan. Korean. (Diego's step-sister.) -Gabriel 'Blayze' Dousent(13); Son of Phobus: Dark red hair with blue eyes. Fair-skinned. -Allisa 'Alli' Hunt; Daughter of Hades(13): Dark brown hair with chocolate brown eyes. Fair-skinned. British. -Tobias 'Toby' Blaine; Son of Janus(13): Fiery red hair with hazel brown eyes. Tanned. Arab. -Selene Ryker; Legacy of Hades and Ares(13): Red hair in a ponytail, with deep blue eyes. Fair-skinned. -Ethan Leighs; Son of Ares(14): Auburn hair with dark brown eyes. Tanned. -Raylin 'Raven' Thompson(14); Daughter of Thanatos : Long black hair with light blue eyes. Pale. -Diego Choi; Son of Poseidon(16): Windswept black hair with sea-green eyes. Olive-skinned. (Blanche's step-brother. Not Korean.) -Arianne 'Ryan' Nightshade; Daughter of Hades(15): Wavy black highlighted hair with sapphire blue eyes. Pale. -Lyn Septhis; Daughter of Tyche(15): Short golden blonde hair with topaz eyes. Light tan. -Katherine 'Kitty' Dawning; Daughter of Asclepius(15): Strawberry blond hair with heather eyes. Fair-skinned. -Scarlett Raymond; Daughter of Poseidon(14): Dark brown hair with green eyes. Light tan. -Allison 'Alice' Lawrence; Daughter of Hermes(13): Long tied-up red hair with green eyes. Tanned. -Morgan 'Morning' Andre; Son of Kymopoleia(8): Light brown hair that lightens to blonde near the edges with soft green eyes. Fair-skinned. French. Hello my love, well good riddance and farewell to you. This marks the day we met on your terms. Hello my hate, well this marks the day I killed you. So cuddle, make your bed, we broke the ice... you're only dead and... -Hello My Hate, Black Veil Brides *Jade's POV* Everything changed that day. I don't know if the others thought that, too, or if it was just me overreacting. But then again, there's nothing like a good old mysterious prophecy that makes my head hurt to shake everybody's lives. Don't you agree? "Azalea!" The overly cheerful call carried across the camp, successfully waking up half the campers. Luckily, I'd always been an early riser, so I got to hear the campers take out their annoyance on their fellow campers by shouting and yelling. "IT'S LEA!" A girl's voice snapped back, and I peered out the window to see a very exasperated Apollo camper storm out towards the camp border, where I could just make out the shape of a woman, most likely her supermodel mother, Ms. Lennox. "Is that Lea's mom again?" A voice grumbled behind me, a lump on under the covers on his bed. "Yup," I confirmed, and the lump sighed. "I wish she'd make her appearance less obvious; it's bad enough that the Aphrodite cabin adores her." My half-brother Storm grumbled, still not moving from his spot. "She's a model, she likes atten-shun," Nova piped up, her electric blue eyes blinking with all the innocence of an eight-year-old, which she was. Storm's name wasn't really Storm, but a nickname because of his temper tantrums at nine. Nova, well, her mom had an odd sense of humor, naming her after the month she was born, November. I'd heard that she has an older, mortal half-brother named Christmas, but I wasn't so sure. "Jay-Jay, turn off the lights," Storm whined, poking his head out of the blankets to squint at the daylight streaming through the windows. "Ask Apollo, I can't turn off the sunlight," I shot back, heading over to pull the covers off him. "And do not call me Jay-Jay, or Jadey-Jack. It's Jade!" "Why?" Storm protested, sky blue eyes flashing, ready to darken to storm-grey at a moment's notice. "'Cause I said so," I said, flicking him on the forehead. "And I'm the head counselor for the Zeus cabin." Storm grumbled, blinking sleep out of his eyes as he reached out to pat Nova on her blond curls. "You're my favorite sister, Novie. You're not bossy or mean like big bro," he stage-whispered, and I rolled my eyes. "Whatever. Get up, Stormcloud," I said, and Nova giggled. "Jade!" A voice called out, and I dropped Storm's covers on the ground -"Hey!"- and walked over to open the cabin/temple's door. "Yo, Reece," I greeted the son of Demeter, and instantly, Nova squealed, racing out the door to jump into his arms. "Reed!" She squealed again, and Reece laughed, light green eyes flashing with amusement. "Miss me?" He said, laughing, and Nova nodded vigorously. "Uh huh, Jade and Storm are bor -ing!" "What? I am not!" Storm insisted from inside the cabin. "You're right; you're not boring, you're reckless!" I called back, and there was a flurry of protests. "Where's Hermione?" I asked, realizing that the blonde was nowhere in sight. "You've just returned from demigod retrieval with her, haven't you?" Reece scowled slightly, which looked out of place with his normally laid-back demeanor. But it wasn't an uncommon expression on his face when the daughter of Hermes popped up as a topic. "Firefox is in the Big House with Shauna and the new girl," he said, glancing back behind him. "Can we go see her?" Nova asked curiously, and Reece shrugged. "Let's give her some time to rest, 'kay? Why don't you ask Jade if you can watch the other campers at the arena?" He suggested, setting her down gently. Nova, to my relief, just nodded, turning to me with big blue Bambi eyes. "Can I, Jadey?" "Sure. But take Storm with you," I said, and Storm was suddenly awake, eyes bright with excitement. "Let's go, Novie!" Storm said, somehow having washed and dressed in five minutes flat, bursting through the door to drag our little sister in the direction of the arena. Reece stared after them, a faraway look in his eyes before I brought him back to reality. "Hey, Earth to Reed, Earth to Reed." "You're lucky to have Nova and Storm, you know," Reece said suddenly, and I rolled my eyes. "Says the one who has a dozen siblings," I snorted, leaning on the door frame. "So, what brings you here?" Reece blinked, emerald green eyes confused before realization struck him. "Oh yeah, right." Silence stretched on between us, broken only by the loud noises of the camp waking up and a certain loud Apollo girl -"Mother, I'm fine! Now, don't you have a photo shoot to go to?" "Well?" I pressed, trying hard and failing at not letting my impatience show. "There's something odd about the new girl," Reece began hesitantly, and I raised an eyebrow. "So? Everybody's odd here in their own way. Take Kieran, for example." Kieran was a son of Boreas, so pale that he could practically camouflage himself in snow, and he went around barefoot, and he had a pet baby snow tiger named Hamlet. Besides, Reece himself was odd for a passive Demeter kid, because he sure was one of the best swordfighters in camp. Reece sighed, running a hand through his silvery blond hair. "Maybe you're right," he admitted. "But... Lea recognized her," Reece added, shoving his hands in his pockets, staring at me in the eye. "And not from real life, either. In her visions, Jade." I shrugged. "Maybe she's important, maybe she's not." Reece sighed, shaking his head. "Anyway, Shauna was asking for you. Something about... a snowball fight?" I groaned, rubbing my forehead. "Seriously, what are we, kids?" I said a little irritably, and Reece smirked. "Probably wants you to try out her deluxe snowball," "Shut up, Reed. Just for that, you're coming with me!" I said, throwing an arm over his shoulders in a fake headlock. "What? No! Firefox is there!" Reece yelped as I dragged him down the stairs and towards the Big House. "You scared of a Hermes girl?" I teased, and Reece huffed, elbowing me in the side. "You'd hate it, too, if she kept pranking you!" Reece defended himself, punching me lightly on the back. I released him, fake-wincing. "So you're gonna abandon your best friend to the wolves?" Reece sighed, reluctantly following me. "You so owe me one," he told me, and I snickered as I saw his resigned expression. "Sure, man," I said easily, but the effect was ruined when Reece pushed me just in time for me to hit a stone statue in the middle of the clearing. "Hey!" I yelled indignantly, but Reece just grinned. "So the great son of Zeus admits defeat to a statue?" He teased, and I glanced back, scowling and rubbing my shoulder, where I had collided rather painfully with the stone. "Well, if that statue happens to be of my stepmom, then, yeah," I muttered under my breath, making out the features of the goddess. Hera. "Jadey!" Somebody said excitedly, and I gave Reece a panicked look before stumbling as somebody side-tackled me. "Woah!" I yelped, nearly losing my balance as the scent of peaches reached me. "Hi, Katherine," Reece said politely, but sadly, she full-out ignored him. "It's Kitty, remember?" She giggled, still not releasing her death grip on my neck, her face dangerously close to mine. I shifted uncomfortably, trying to discreetly pull away from her without making it too obvious. "Uh, hey, Kitty," "I've missed you, Jadey, you're so hard to find these days," Kitty said, blinking sadly at me with distracting heather-colored eyes. " Stalker ," Reece coughed from behind us, but Kitty either didn't hear him, or she was effectively ignoring him. "I've, uh, been, um, busy?" The statement came out like a question, and Kitty giggled again, patting my cheek. "Silly Jadey," Kitty purred. Her eyes were really distracting, making my thoughts fuzzy. Peach scent floated towards me, making everything hazy and- "Jade! We really need to go now!" Reece finally cut in, and I broke out of the trance-like state. "Yeah, Kitty, I need to go!" I exclaimed, nearly running her over in my haste to get away, Reece running after me. "Jade, are you insane ?" Reece said, and I groaned, shaking my head to clear the fogginess. "She's your ex -girlfriend, and for a good reason!" "I know," I sighed, "but she's a legacy of Aphrodite. You know how they are!" Kitty Dawning was a daughter of Asclepius, and a