Zeus was sitting in his room watching his son, Dionysus, down at Camp Half-Blood Hill. Zeus had shoulder length jet-black hair pulled into a short ponytail with electric blue eyes. If he were standing he would be six feet evenly. He remembered that Dionysus thought it was best to leave Olympus for a while and take care of the demigods, instead of killing them. He even decided to not drink wine while watching the demigods. " Father?" Dionysus asked. He approached Zeus' throne slowly. Dionysus hair was black and curly with purple highlights going through it. He stood at 5'11 since that was how tall he was when he was a demigod. Zeus smiled at him and got off his throne. "Yes?" He smiled a little. "I think it is best that I leave Olympus for a while. I am killing demigods a lot and I think someone should help teach them how to fight and show them the gods do care about their well-being," he said rapidly. " I think it is a good idea Dionysus. If you are willing to do it, then I support you in that decision. Just know, you are welcome to come back to Olympus when you feel you are ready." Dionysus smiled in relieve. "Thank you, Father. I will also not drink wine while I am at the camp." " Your welcome. Going to drink sodas instead?" he replied with a smile. Dionysus laughed and nodded his head. Zeus then summoned the Council, including Hades, and told them of Dionysus' decision. " Does anyone have any objections to Dionysus' decision?" Zeus asked. He sighed in frustration when he saw Athena and Hera raise their hands. " Dionysus can't be trusted around our children. He is an old sot and has killed our children for minor things," Athena explained. She had long black hair and gray eyes. She was only 5'1. Dionysus grimaced at her harsh words. " That is not a good excuse Owl-Head," Poseidon said with a scowl. He had short jet-black hair and sea green eyes. His skin was tanned and he was 5'9. "Dionysus is better experienced to train demigods since he knows how it feels like to be a demigod. He could help them better with understanding of who they are and they would have someone that can relate to what they are experiencing. I would feel perfectly happy with Dionysus training my children, if I had any." " I agree with Poseidon," Hades said looking at his nephew. He had short black hair and deep brown eyes. He was around 5'8. " We agree," Artemis and Apollo exclaimed. Artemis had auburn hair and silver eyes. Apollo had blonde hair and blue eyes. They both stood around 5'4, but they were happy they were the same height. " I also agree," Ares said roughly. Ares had brown hair and brown eyes that had fire in them. He stood at 5'6. "You of all people should know Athena, that your children will be at a better advantage against monsters with Dionysus' help. I would feel safer knowing my children are being trained by the best." He sent a smirk at Dionysus, who smirked back a little. Hermes, Aphrodite, and Hephaestus also agreed with Dionysus' decision. " Hestia? Do you want to say anything?" Zeus asked her. " Yes, I do. I agree with Dionysus' decision. The demigods would be safer and be able to control their powers more because Dionysus knows us so well. He could teach them about their parents and how everything works on Olympus, but I think a cabin should be added for me, Hades, and all minor gods and goddesses. Hermes cabin is overflowing with unclaimed children, who are beginning to resent us," she said softly and sadly. Hestia was in her twelve-year-old form, but still had long brown hair with warm brown eyes with fire in them. She was around 5'2. Zeus looked over at Hades and saw his brother wanted his children to be respected. " Then that is what is going to happen. Cabins will be built for you, Hades, and minor gods and goddesses, so their children may be claimed," Zeus said seriously. Hades looked at him in shock. "Really?" Zeus looked over at him and nodded his head. "I also should give you back your seat at the Council. That was the worst mistake I ever made and I should have fixed it long ago." He saw Poseidon smile and a light that he never saw in his eyes before begin to shine. Hades got up from the hearth after Hestia hugged him and claimed his seat right next to Poseidon. Poseidon grabbed his hand and just held it. Hera had this look of outrage on her face. She had long black hair and deep blue eyes. She like Athena stood around 5'1. " What is wrong with you, Hera?" Dionysus asked. She glared at him and then glared at Zeus. He just met her glare coolly. " Also Hera, I am divorcing you," Zeus said finally. The Olympians looked at him in shock, but Ares, Hephaestus, Hermes, Apollo, Artemis, and Dionysus, they let a cheer. " Can gods even have a divorce?" Aphrodite asked. She had long blonde hair and blue eyes. She stood exactly at five feet. " Yes," Poseidon answered. "It's just uncommon though. I am glad you said that Zeus because I finished divorcing Amphitrite today." " Good," Hades replied. "She was just wanting power." Zeus saw Hera open her mouth to say something nasty, but he silenced her before a word got out of her mouth. The Olympians looked over to see Hera screaming in rage, but they heard nothing. " She was going to say something nasty to Poseidon and I personally didn't want to hear what she had to say," he said truthfully. " Thanks," Poseidon said gratefully with a smile. "She was probably going to say I was a faggot." " Why?" " Because me and Hades used to be boyfriends," he replied with a blush. Zeus just raised an eyebrow. "We broke up because Mother did not approve of our relationship and forced me to marry Amphitrite just to keep us apart." He looked over at his brothers and said, "I don't mind if you two started dating again or even get married. I want you two to be happy." Poseidon got up and hugged Zeus. He was smiling like crazy and so was Hades. "Actually, I don't care who dates who as long as they are happy." " Father?" Hephaestus asked. Hephaestus had short curly brown hair and green eyes. He stood at 5'8. Zeus looked at him to show he was listening. "Can I have a divorce with Aphrodite since we are not in love with each other?" " Yes, but Aphrodite you cannot force Ares to marry you just because you divorced Hephaestus," he said sternly. " I am not marrying Aphrodite," Ares said quietly. "I never should have dated her when she was first married to Hephaestus because he did love her at the time, but she thought he was too ugly." Aphrodite glared at Ares and crossed her arms over her chest with a pout. Zeus nodded his head. He then told Hephaestus that their marriage was broken now and that they could start dating now if they wanted to. Artemis then asked if the oath she made to stay as a virgin be taken back. He told her if that was what she wanted then he would gladly let her date and marry whoever she wanted. She smiled, jumped off her throne, hugged Zeus, and then kissed Hermes on the lips. Hermes had salt and pepper locks of hair and light blue eyes. He stood around 5'3. Apollo just smiled in joy, happy for his older twin. The Olympians began to get along for the first time and they all cherished the feeling. Zeus shook his head and smiled at that memory. His family was happy now and he was a better ruler now because of it. Poseidon and Hades got married after a couple months of dating and Hermes and Artemis were engaged. Ares and Hephaestus were getting along very well that Zeus was beginning to think they would start dating soon. Demeter happily got Persephone back from the Underworld, but kept doing what she did when Persephone was with Hades. Demeter like Aphrodite had long blonde hair, but soft brown eyes like Hestia. She also stood at 5'3 like Hermes. Hera was no longer the Queen of Heavens and could no longer kill his children. The Big Three decided to dissolve the Oath since it did them no good. They also later on voted if they should still have the Ancient Laws that kept them from helping their children and was voted against having. Aphrodite and Apollo were both still single, but she was trying to get him to fall in love with her, except he wasn't going to do that to Hephaestus either. Zeus was snapped out of his thoughts when he saw an Iris-message from Dionysus. He had been at the camp for eighteen years now and the demigods were flourishing with his help and care. Zeus hadn't admitted to his family yet, but he fell in love with his son when he was born. It was what he felt at first for Hera when he was a lot younger, but it was stronger with Dionysus. "Father, Thalia's tree has been saved by the Golden Fleece and it actually brought her out of the tree," he said excitedly. Zeus' eyes widen in shock. "What?" "Thalia is back and resting in the infirmary. She keeps calling out for you though, so I suggest you come to camp." Zeus told him he would be there in a couple of minutes. He sat there in shock, but then shook his head. His daughter needed him right now. He got up and flashed out of the room to the Big House front porch where Dionysus was waiting for him. Dionysus then led him to the infirmary where Thalia was sitting up, checking her surroundings. She looked at them when they walked in and was shocked, but at the same time happy to see her father. "Hello Thalia," he said coming over and sitting on the bed. Thalia got tears in her eyes and launched herself at him. He pulled her into his lap and began to try to soothe her. He told her what had happened and how distraught he was about her becoming a tree. He even told her that he located her brother just yesterday and discovered Hera was the reason why he disappeared. Thalia asked if Jason could come to Camp Half-Blood and vice versa. Zeus thought about and told her that they could because the Greek and Roman demigods needed to learn to get along and fight together instead of trying to kill each other. He laughed and said that the two of them proved it was possible since she loved him with all her heart. Thalia began to get sleepy and she told Zeus she loved him. "I love you too, Thalia. I will always be watching you and your brother. Don't forget that," he told her softly. He held her until she fell asleep, gently set her down, and cover her up with the blankets. Dionysus and Zeus then quietly left the infirmary. Dionysus led him back down the stairs to the living room. "Thanks Dionysus," he finally said. "Your welcome, Father. I have a question though." Zeus raised an eyebrow, but didn't say anything verbally. "Do you love me as more than just your son?" Zeus' whole face became beet red. "I am going to take that as a yes," Dionysus said with a smile. "I loved you more than a father, but I was afraid to tell you and be rejected." "I was afraid to be rejected by