A/N: *snickers* I know that I probably shouldn't be starting a new Twilight story but this idea just will not leave me alone... When I sleep at night I dream of this story line so I decided that I would go ahead and type it up and post it... A couple things that you should be made aware of for this story... This story is AU! This story also happens in present day rather than the same years that it happened in the books and/or movies for the simple fact that I like some of the newer cars out on the market and wanted to be able to use them in this story! If you are a Bella/Edward fan then more than likely this story is not for you because those two will not be together in this story... More than likely there will be some Alice and Edward bashing at least some because I am trying to stretch my writing creativity muscles again... LOL... With that all being said enjoy the first chapter of this new story! Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight! ~/~/~/~/~/~/~/~ Isabella Swan sighed as she made her way through the house she had lived in for the last several years one last time. She was about to head to the airport to get on a plane to Forks, Washington where she would be living with her dad. She honestly couldn't wait to get there because once she was there she no longer had to pretend that she was alright. She knew that her dad knew the truth about everything and what happened to her. She also knew that once she landed besides her dad that several other people would be there as well. She knew that they would be there in order to make sure that she was protected. She laid a hand on her stomach and smoothed it over the bump there. With one last glance in the living room she walked out of the house and to the car that was waiting for her at the curb. She ignored her mother calling her name as she shut the door after climbing into the car. "To the airport please, driver." The driver chuckled as he pulled away from the curb and started the twenty minute drive to the airport. "We will head there now, Miss Bella. You will be flying straight to Port Angeles via a private jet. You will have Char and I with you for the flight and to the new house that was just completed two days ago. Demetri, Felix, Alec, Jane, and some of the wolf pack will be waiting for us at the house. Charlie asked me to tell you that he would see you once we got to the house. He didn't want to take the chance of drawing too much attention to you until you are ready for it." Bella groaned but nodded. "Thank you, Peter. I am actually thankful that he decided not to meet us at the airport. I could see him picking us up in the police cruiser. While I'm on that thought will I have a car to drive or I have to rely on you and the others to drive me everywhere?" Peter Whitlock smirked as he looked at Bella from the rearview mirror. "You will have your pick of cars, Bella. You should know that Caius has had Santiago deliver several cars to Forks from Volterra that he thought you would prefer. He wants people to know who you are and that you are protected. So as far as that goes the school board has been notified that you are under the protection of the three Kings from Volterra, Italy and before you ask Charlie confirmed it. None of us are taking any chance that you will be harassed. As you know the Cullen Coven are also in Forks but from what I have gathered they have no clue that you are coming, that any Volturi guard are currently in Forks, and nor do they know that Charlotte and I will be residing in Forks for the next several months." Bella couldn't stop a smile from spreading across her face. She was happy about the fact that Charlotte and Peter would both be living in Forks with her. She only wished that James, Victoria, and Laurent would be living with them too. As she thought about her other three red eyed Nomad's she caught Peter's eyes in the rearview mirror. "Will James, Victoria, and/or Laurent be joining us at all in Forks? I feel really safe when I have you all near me." Peter smirked. "All three will actually be living with us. Caius figured that you would feel better having them live with us instead of just coming and going. They know just like the rest of us know that if we hunt that we have to do so in Seattle and that we can only hunt drug dealers, rapists, abusers, and murders. That is the agreement that we came to with the La Push wolf pack. Speaking of the wolf pack you will be having two of them going to school with you once you finally start going. We decided that it would just be stupid to have all of us attend school with you even if we wanted to so instead you will have a Paul and Jared going to Forks High School with you. With what Marcus has come up with we will be able to hide your pregnancy from the other humans for another four weeks and then it will look like you are about to pop. At that point if anyone asks you will just tell the truth minus the vampire bit." Bella nodded and then let out a sigh of relief when she saw the airport come into sight. "I am just happy that I was able to leave. I was so sure that Renee would keep me there regardless of the fact that I no longer wanted to live with her. I can breathe easier now since I know that I will be on the plane in a few short minutes." Peter's eyes grew dark at the mention of Bella's mother even as he smirked. "She tried, baby girl, but failed. All it took was Charlie informing her that if she tried to keep you there when you didn't want to be there that he would call one of his contacts in Phoenix PD and send them to the house. There was no way in hell we were going to let her force you to stay after the shit she pulled. As it is she is lucky that she isn't facing charges but then again that very well could change. I know that she is your mother, Bella, but she needs a mother fucking reality check. Now let's get through security and onto the plane. Everything of yours has already been shipped to Charlie's, delivered, and put away thanks to Victoria, your dad, Demetri, and some of the wolf pack. We wanted to make sure that you wouldn't have much to do if anything. How are you feeling today? And, Isabella Marie Swan Volturi, I want the truth and nothing but the truth. So do not forget that I can smell when you lie to me. Besides when you lie your face gets a little red." Bella harumphed as she shook her head. "I don't see the point in lying, Peter. As for how I am doing today is one of my better days. I hope that we can get through security quickly because I really want to get in the air." Peter smirked as he helped Bella out of the car and led her into the airport with his right arm around her waist. Once they were inside the airport he walked her straight past the line that was waiting to get through security and over to where a lone guard stood that had the name Mitchell on a nameplate on his chest. "I'm Peter Whitlock and I have Isabella Swan Volturi with me. I do believe that you all were made aware that we would be coming through so that we can get onto our private jet, Mitchell." Mitchell looked at Peter and what he had in his hand before he finally nodded. "Yes, Mr. Whitlock, we were informed that you would be here for the Volturi jet. Do you or Miss Swan Volturi have anything sharp on your persons?" Peter shook his head but it was Bella who said "No, Sir, we do not." Mitchell nodded again and then motioned for them to walk through the metal detectors. "If you will both walk through the metal detectors we can get you on your way. I should let you know that the pilot and Mrs. Whitlock are already on the jet and just waiting for you two so that you can leave." Peter smiled and walked through the metal detector and then turned around and waited on Bella to walk through. He wasn't surprised when neither of them set it off. He gave one last nod to Mitchell as he wrapped his arm back around Bella's waist and led her through the airport and out the door that would lead to where the private jet was fueled and waiting on them. He helped her over the tarmac and then up the stairs and into the jet. He shot his wife a smile as he helped Bella into a seat before he quickly went and told the pilot that they were ready for take off. He wasn't surprised at all when within twenty minutes they were up in the air and on the way to Forks, Washington. He kept an eye on Bella throughout the short flight even as he talked to Charlotte. Once they landed in Port Angeles he helped Charlotte and Bella both off of the plane and then just Bella into the Audi TTS Roadster. He knew that Charlotte would prefer running to the house instead of the drive. He gave his wife a kiss and watched as she quickly sped away without any humans being aware of her and then got into the driver's seat. After he started the car and pulled out of the parking space to start the fifteen minute drive he looked at Bella. "So what do you think of this car, baby girl?" Bella couldn't help but smirk. "I do believe that the Cullen's will be jealous since this car isn't even out on the market yet. How in the hell did Santiago and Caius manage this?" Peter laughed. "They have some pretty damn good contacts between the two of them, sweetheart. There are even more cars waiting for you at the house. So you can switch cars daily if you wish too. Now why don't you try to rest a little because you know as well as I do that once we get to the house you're not going to get to rest right away." Bella shook her head. "If I rest now, Peter, I won't want to sleep later on. I'll be fine for a couple more hours. Are you sure that you don't want to let Jasper know that you are in town?" Peter sighed. "I am sure that he will figure it out your first day of school if not before because of the bitch that he calls wife. And if for some reason he doesn't figure it out before your first day of school then it will be a nice surprise for him when he walks into American History and sees that I am the teacher. I will actually be surprised to find out that they haven't been snooping around the new house because not many people can afford to have a thirty bedroom, fifteen and a half bath, fifteen car garage, indoor gym, and indoor swimming pool built. Plus not many people who could afford that would move to