"And so it was decreed that each year, the various Districts of Panem would offer up in tribute, one young man and woman to fight to the death in a pageant of honor, courage, and sacrifice. " Third Person's POV A cool breeze suddenly passed through the quiet district. This was an oddity to the miners' home. Usually, the air was stale with not a whisper of wind about it. On a normal day, if you listened closely, you could hear the animals moving about the woods. Hear the miners working down deep in the dark mines. The sounds of dogs barking. People moving about in the Hob, the black market of the District. Children's laughter was always a rarity to the District but it also depended on which side of District 12 you were in. The District was split into four different parts. The Seam, the merchant section, Victor's Village, and the Hob. The two main living sections were the Seam and the Hob. Two very different places. People from the Seam only conversed with Seam people, merchants only stuck with merchants. The citizens of 12 would have never guessed that people from the two different parts of their home could be friends... There was a knock on the door to the small house next to the butcher's shop. The blonde boy stood before the cottage and rocked back and forth on his heels nervously. He waited patiently, like he always had. He was dressed in his finest clothes and he had a small box held behind his back. His fingers also fiddled with the white daisy that he clutched so delicately in his other hand. His head snapped up at the sudden noise. He could hear some yelling resonating through the hallway and then it grew silent all of a sudden. He bit his lip and his blue eyes focused on the door before him. He swallowed nervously as footsteps resonated through the thick door and he prayed to whatever God was out there that she would be the one to answer the door. He was surprised when the door opened and he smiled his best smile, only for it to fall when he didn't get who he was suspecting. "Good morning, Peeta." "Hello, Samuel." Peeta greeted the older boy that stood before him. He was tall, much taller than he was. He had short brown hair like most of the people in District 12. It was kind of odd though, seeing as how must of the families in the merchant section had lighter hair while Samuel had dark. "Uhh... Is S-Shade around?" The taller boy looked the baker's son up and down as if he was making sure Peeta looked good enough for his little sister. Why Samuel was so involved in his business made Peeta slightly agitated. It wasn't like they were going on a date. This was the furthest from a date. "Yeah, she's upstairs getting ready for the Reaping..." Samuel answered but narrowed his eyes as he jutted his thumb over his shoulder. Peeta calmly held his hazel gaze and he was amazed at how similar they were to his sister's. "Well yeah, I figured-" "Peeta?!" He heard the familiar voice call from up the stairs. It sounded hyper and so full of life. It easily floated down from the upper levels of the house and drifted gently into his ears. He liked her voice. He smiled widely but then sobered quickly when Samuel gave him a pointed look. He clutched the box his hand behind his back and rocked back on his heels again. Samuel was intimidating and Peeta had always been a gentle person but he wasn't one to back down. However, Samuel was the butcher's son and helped to cut the meat, much like Shade did. It looked odd to see him in clean clothes instead of his blood stained apron and pants. He heard footsteps come down the stairs and looked inside to see Shade leap down the stairs. She landed with a quiet thud on the ground floor and raised her hands above her head like they had seen when people were in gymnastics. She had seen pictures in a book. She held her pose for a few seconds before she bowed and smiled widely. She then laughed out loud and jumped on her older brother. She slung her arms around his neck and planted a kiss on his cheek. The older boy didn't seem to flinch at all, instead, he just let it happen. Samuel grinned and cradled his blonde sister to him. Smoothing her hair out, her brother sat her down and she released her hold on his neck. "Don't let your name get drawn, Shay-Shay!" He teased and lightly slapped her cheek but inside his eyes Peeta could tell he was extremely worried. He placed a kiss on her forehead, having to hardly bend down because of her height. She was the same height as Peeta because, apparently, the tall gene ran in her family. Both her parents were tall, even her brothers towered above everyone else in town, except Gale who was from the Seam. "You worry to much!" She teased before hugging him back. During the hug, his eyes flashed to Peeta who shifted uncomfortably. "Well, you two better get going. I want you home as soon as it's over, alright?" She joined Peeta outside and she fiddled with her hair once more. It was in a high bun but it appeared that the dark golden locks had been braided before hand and wrapped around into a bun and reminded Peeta of a cinnamon roll that you could pull apart. She nodded and waved to her older brother before Peeta offered her his arm. She laughed quietly before tucking her hand into the crook of his elbow and walking down their sidewalk. "I really hate Reaping Day..." She complained as she slouched when they walked. She threw her head back in an exasperated groan before she shut her hazel eyes. "Me too..." Peeta added but then they lapsed into an awkward silence which was uncommon among the two friends. Peeta suddenly remembered the box in his hands, along with the flower. How had he forgotten about them? "I brought something for you!" He held the white box out to her and her hazel eyes darted up to his own before she took it into her hands. Their hands brushed against one another and Shade felt a blush rise up to her cheeks. She slipped the lid up and reaching inside, she pulled out the small cake. It was beautiful and the top was decorated with what looked like petals that curled up towards her. It was a lily. "Peeta... It's so beautiful!" She said, breathlessly and a smile pulled at her lips. Peeta suddenly stepped up closer to her, brushing some of her golden hair out of the way and tucking the white daisy right above her ear. "Not as beautiful as you look today..." He replied quietly, his blue eyes glinting. Another blush burned her cheeks and she turned away, cake in hand. It was silent for a moment before Shade turned back to Peeta. "I'm afraid to eat it...!" She said as she looked at the cake. Her hazel eyes locked onto his and she bit her lip. Oh, she was so cute when she did that. It was just a nervous tick but Peeta thought it was still adorable. "Just eat it before you drop it!" Peeta said and he watched as she gently pulled the cake apart and popped it into her mouth. Her eyes closed in contentment as she chewed. "It's so good!" She praised and Peeta felt a sense of pride wash over him. "I made it special!" The baker's son said quietly and Shade stopped chewing. She looked down at the cake in her hand and chewed slowly. Tearing off a small piece, she held it in her fingers and stepped towards him. Peeta rolled his eyes and opened his mouth, letting her drop the pastry in. She smiled in triumph before popping another piece into her mouth. Leading the pair forward, Shade continued to walk and eat the delicious dessert, savoring every little bite that she could get. "You look really nice today, Shay..." Peeta complimented and her hazel eyes sparkled with mirth and mischief. He watched as a blush crept up her neck and turned her ears a cute shade of pink. She wasn't in her normal, every day clothes which consisted of baggy cargo pants and a normally gray t-shirt with some large stains from the blood. "Well, I suppose it is a bit more attractive than my bloodied butcher clothes. I even got the blood out of my hair!" She replied, messing with her bun. Peeta laughed at her silliness. Reaching up, his eyes widened. He was playing a trick on her and pretended to see a bit of the dried crimson in her soft locks. "I think you missed some..." He lightly tugged on a loose strand of hair and she rolled her eyes. "You dress up pretty nice to, Pete!" He smiled smugly when he heard his nickname. She never called him Pete except when she was acting like an adult, which wasn't very often. She genuinely liked the name Peeta. It seemed suiting for him. "You mean when I'm not covered in flower?" She laughed loudly before nodding. They grew quiet once more and this unexplained feeling settled in the bit of the young girl's stomach. "Peeta, you're my best friend right?" She asked him once they finished with the cake. He nodded and wondered where this was going. He turned to her and saw uncertainty in her eyes, a very rare emotion when it came to Shade. She just wasn't like that. The complete opposite only met his haze for a moment, holding his gaze steady. "Nevermind... Just be careful, alright?" The truth was Shade had this terrible knot that had twisted in her stomach. Something was wrong. Or, at least, something was going to be wrong. Shade's POV I made my way through the sixteen year old girl's section. Rising up, I stood up on my tiptoes for a moment. I had easily spotted her dark hair over the rest of the girls' heads. I quietly wove in and out of the sixteen year old girls until I reached her. I gently prodded her in the back and she spun around, already guessing who had poked her. "Fancy seeing you here!" I exclaimed in a fake Capitol accent. Katniss only smiled and laughed quietly. "Let's just get this over with!" She said quietly as she tucked a stray hair behind her ear. Curiosity got the best of me and I ducked behind her to examine the intricate up-do that her hair was braided into. "Katniss, your hair is beautiful!" I told her quietly, making sure she was the only one who heard it. I bet her mother did it. Reaching out, she gently brushed the white daisy that was placed into my hair by Peeta's gentle fingers. "I like your's too!" She replied just as quietly and I nodded in thanks. "Welcome, welcome, welcome!" Effie's voice called over the speakers in the square. "Before we begin, we have a very special film for you, brought to you all the way from the Capitol!" Effie chimed as she walked out onto the stage. Both Katniss and I rolled my eyes and exchanged a look. I hated Capitol people. Katniss's story and mine is an odd one. We had met when we were both twelve. At the Reaping, actually. We were so scared that our names would be drawn that we had held hands. It was kind of a tradition. Neither of us had been picked. Yet. I noticed that Katniss had become distracted during the film and found her watching Gale. He was making fun of the Capitol video.