A/N Hey guys! So this is just a little snippet of what would happen if Nyx were to try to rise. I don't have the time or motivation to make this a full story, so I figured a one-shot is better than nothing. Enjoy! Btw, there are hints of Solangelo, Tratie, and other PJO ships. Takes place on winter break after BoO . Winter break was starting out great. The snow was falling lightly, it was cool outside, the lake was almost frozen; everything was just great. I, Percy Jackson by the way, really hoped I wasn't jinxing myself. Last winter break hadn't exactly gone as smoothly as I had hoped. Some cow obsessed goddess had kidnapped me (without even asking, how rude) and sent me across the country for eight months. That wasn't exactly what I had in mind for that winter break. I was determined to have a great holiday with Annabeth this time, no matter what. I hoped no quests would come, no god in need of help, none of the things that interrupted an awesome break. Of course, with my luck, the opposite would happen and I'd be stuck in the middle of the country on a quest to get a god the last rare My Little Pony doll left. Yeah, things like that really happen. Especially if you're an extremely unlucky son of Poseidon like me. I was trying to get my head to stop swirling from the Greek lesson I'd just got from Cabin 9 (yes, I still go to those, mostly because Annabeth is there) when Chiron walked—no, wait... trotted up to me. I greeted my teacher. "Hey." Chiron nodded his head at me. "Ever the formal one. Good afternoon, Perseus." I really had no idea why Chiron kept calling me that. Sometimes it was Perseus, sometimes it was Percy. "Now," Chiron started, "I need you to gather the head counselors. Come to the big house immediately, please." I nodded and turned around to go find them. Right when I took a step, Chiron called out, "Make sure to gather Rachel and Thalia too. They'll be needed." I offered another nod and set off to go find my friends. • • • After gathering up all of the head counselors, including Rachel and Thalia, I sat down. "Alright," Chiron said, when everybody had found their seats. "There is a problem going on, as many of you might have already guessed." He stared at all of us and didn't say anything. I wasn't sure what he wanted us to do until it registered in my mind that he wanted us to guess the problem. "Oh, um, is it a god?" I decided to ask, since no one else looked like they were going to say anything, and nine-out-of-ten times it's a god. "Not quite. A goddess. One very little have seen. There is only a few ways you could've have seen her. Through an iris-message, which is very unlikely, or perhaps with your own eyes. But she lives in a place very far away with her kin, a place few have ever ventured, and even fewer have returned from." It was staring to click where this goddess lived, and I wasn't liking the sound of this one bit. I looked over at Annabeth, who was next to me, and saw that she wasn't either. "But this goddess has escaped. Not that she was ever held down, exactly, but she preferred to live in a place with very little light, seeing as she wasn't very fond of it. This goddess, along with her many kids, has come up to earth and is wreaking havoc." "Wait a minute," Thalia held up her hands. "You're saying she wasn't on the earth at all? I was hoping when you said she lived far away you meant somewhere like Arizona, or California." Chiron almost smiled. "No. She was under the earth, not on it or above it." "So she was dead?" A confused Connor (or maybe it was Travis, I couldn't tell while he was sitting down) asked. "No, you dolt. A goddess can't die, and even if she did she wouldn't go to the underworld," Katie Gardener said, smacking him on the back of his head. "But the only place under the underworld is..." Connor/Travis trailed off, giving a quick look in my direction. "Yes," Chiron said, nodding his head like he was waiting for us to get it. "Tartarus. The home of all monsters." "So what's a goddess doing there?" Piper asked. "Many immortals dwell in Tartarus. But our opponent only likes it for the shade." I could tell people were getting nervous about who this goddess could be. If she was who I thought she was, we were in big trouble. "Okay, Chiron," Annabeth spoke up. "Is... who are we facing? I have a guess, a few actually, but none of them are good." Chiron looked at her, his face grave and his eyes sad. "The goddess we're facing is Night." • • • I could tell everyone was confused. "Night?" "Um... I get some people are afraid of the dark and all, but night isn't a goddess." "There's night everywhere, so why would she be in Tartarus? And how could night be alive?" "The same way light is alive," Chiron said. "Night is not what you think of it. I'm talking about capitol N. Nyx, the goddess of night." Everyone fell silent. Of course, it's who I thought it was. I really wasn't looking forward to seeing her again, after Annabeth and I barely escaped last time. And all of her children? They were everywhere. "Night?!" Connor/Travis squeaked out. "How the Hades do we fight the night?" "The same way—" "—You fight the light, yes, I know," Connor/Travis cut Chiron off, spraying some chez whiz in his mouth. "But isn't she like, a minor goddess?" "No!" Rachel screamed. "She's the primordial of the night! She was born from chaos, and she had, like, a thousand kids who were all curses and bad things." "Curses like the ones let free from Pandora's Box?" Hazel asked. Chiron considered it. "No one really knows. She is the mother of all terrors— arai , the Fates, Geras, Eris, Hypnos, Akhlys, Thanatos, even Hecate herself." "That's a lot of kids," I heard Clarisse mutter to herself. "She is older than any god, Titan, even older than Gaea," Chiron ignored Clarisse. "But she is different than Gaea. She does not wish to take over the earth and kill all demigods, she just wishes to become more well known, to strike down the Olympians and make a new counsel, created from her own children." Chiron looked like he was holding back, like he knew something else and was reluctant to share it. I thought about it. It sounded a lot like the Titan War. "So... like the Titan war?" Annabeth was thinking the same thing as me. "Not quite. She isn't on the Titan's side, or, obviously, the gods' side. She is on her own side. A side containing her and her children. Well, most of them. She isn't very fond of Hemera." I sighed. "No, she isn't. Her children aren't the brightest. Literally. She has to have, like, almost as many as Zeus," I said. "Hey!" Jason yelled, while Thalia opened her mouth, then closed it and shrugged. "True." "Wait—you've met Nyx?" Piper asked. Annabeth winced next to me. "Yeah. Just some of her children together can make you go insane, and her mansion—do not open your eyes if you ever go there, which I hope none of you ever will. Since it's in Tartarus." It was silent for a few seconds, but when you have about twenty ADHD kids sitting in a room, it can't be quiet for more than a few moments. "So... I guess we need a quest." Jason pointed out. "And we need a prophecy." Annabeth said, and everyone looked at Rachel, who was drawing with a sharpie on her hand. It was quiet for about four seconds before Rachel looked up and said, "What?" A few people snickered. "We need a prophecy," Piper explained. "Oh." We all waited, but nothing happened. "Maybe we should ask," I suggested. "Don't we need a quest leader?" Katie Gardener asked. "It might be better if we hear the prophecy first, because we have very little information about what's going on," Chiron concluded. "So who's gonna ask?" Clarisse said. Everyone looked at Chiron. "You should ask," Annabeth told him. "None of use really know as much as you do." I guess she picked up on what I did. He knew something else he wasn't telling us. He looked at her for a few seconds longer, than looked at Rachel. "What is Nyx planning? Can we defeat her?" I liked how he said can we defeat her, not can they, like it was up to us, like the gods would. Rachel sat there for a second, before bending over in her chair. Lou Ellen reached out and steadied her, and we all saw Rachel's eyes glowing green, smoke coming out of her mouth. I braced myself, praying to every god and goddess that this prophecy had nothing to do with me or any of my friends. Half-blood children of the big three and light must unite, To stand a chance against the night, The mistress' children on their tails, The children of darkness must find the trails, An ally they shall gain along the way, The chains will hold with the help of Day, Tired of staying out of sight, The heroes must defeat the haters of light Rachel slumped over, with Lou there to catch her again. No one said anything. Chiron cleared his throat. "So, there's our prophecy." " Half-blood children of the big three and light must unite. I get the big three, but what is the light?" Piper asked, and I frowned. Looks like I wouldn't get a break. "Apollo, probably. You fight darkness with light," Annabeth said. "So... all the children of the big three are going? That would be... five people on a quest, plus however many form the Apollo cabin. They would attract monsters like nothing else." Jason frowned. "It'll take all of us to defeat Night. It did say, to stand a chance against the night. And what about, The children of darkness must find the trails ? Who are the children of darkness?" "Hades' kids, maybe. It does say the big three, and Hades seems like the only one who could fit there." Thalia pointed out. "What trails?" Pollux asked. "Could they lead to Nyx?" I wished, but that sounded way too easy. Quests were never easy. " The mistress' children on their tails. That must mean Nyx's kids. Nyx herself would never be foolish enough to come after us." Hazel noted. " An ally they shall gain along the way. Who's this ally?" Clarisse asks. " The chains will hold with the help of Day. Like day day, or Day Day?" "That makes a lot of sense," Connor/Travis said. "I mean Hemera, who is the goddess of Day, or like the word day, punk," Clarisse said through gritted teeth. "Who knows? I still want to know who this ally is. Will they make the chains? If so, where will the chains even come from, and what will they hold? Nyx, maybe?" Piper asked. I nodded. "Yeah. But who's the child of light? Who from the Apollo cabin is coming with us? I, myself, nominate Will. " Annabeth nodded. "He is head counselor." Will blushed and shook his head. "No, no. I couldn't. Maria or Todd would be much better." "All in favor of Percy, Thalia, Jason, Hazel, Nico, and Will going on the quest?" Everyone raised their hands. I heard Will mutter, "Fine, fine." "Alright," Chiron said. "Meeting adjourned. Please return to your daily activities. The quest shall commence tomorrow, plenty enough time to get packing." Everyone stood up and started to