{*} {*} {*} "You snooze, you lose, you lazy gits!" Ron startled awake at the loud banging on his door that accompanied his sister's jibe. Despite hearing her laughter echoing down the stairs, he couldn't be arsed to respond. Ron lay on his stomach summarily dismissing Ginny's words until a groan sounded from the other side of the bed. The whisper of a Tempus charm was followed by a louder groan and the sudden whump of a pillow abruptly making contact with the back of Ron's head. "Honestly! How many times did I tell you to set the alarm last night?" Harry had made it from asleep to annoyed in record time this morning. Ron turned his head, opening one bleary eye to study his best friend. "I forgot okay." He mumbled into his pillow. "I was tired." "We're always tired these days," Harry replied, "but you know if we don't beat the girls to the shower we're buggered. We either have to wait and be late or freeze our arses off in the shower when the charm ends and needs refreshing." The bed shifted as Harry got up and began rummaging for fresh clothes. Ron didn't budge, closing his eyes and willing his morning erection to go away before he had to face Harry. This was normally difficult enough but hearing the words buggered and arses from Harry's lips only served to steer Ron's thoughts into forbidden territory. Territory Harry could never know about. Still, Harry had a point. Hermione was off with Viktor Krum, searching for her parents in Australia but Luna and her father were staying at the Burrow while construction on their new home progressed. Adding them to the constant come and go of Weasley's at any given time made for a cramped home full of people who needed to wash and one bathroom in which to do it. "Get a move on, Ron! George is expecting you at the shop to help with repairs and I am due at Hogwarts. The work won't get done any faster with us sleeping the day away." Ron finally lifted his head. "What do we do about the shower?" It was a real problem but it couldn't be helped with all of the rebuilding going on. The Burrow was still only halfway rebuilt with temporary household spells due to the new construction here going more slowly with everyone contributing their time to various other projects since the war. Eventually, the new Burrow would be complete and the permanent spells would keep the water perpetually hot but for now it was a struggle for everyone to get a hot shower to start the day, or end the day after messy, sweaty construction work. "We'll just have to share." Harry shrugged. Eyes sparkling with mischief, he gave his best friend a cheeky wink. "It's not as if we haven't shared the dorm showers for years." "Right. Communal showers with room to move around, not a single stall that will barely hold one fully grown wizard, let alone two." Ron was proud of himself for covering the surge of panic he suddenly felt. "You go on ahead and I'll wait. George won't be too upset as long as I do get there." He carefully shifted around in bed until he could sit up against the headboard, nervously bunching the covers in front of himself. Harry was shaking his head and smiling fondly, his tousled hair unfairly attractive to a certain ginger. "You can't be late this morning because then you'll be late tonight, and we are both expected at St. Mungo's fundraiser for war orphans. We can hardly disappoint those kids." Moving suddenly, Harry grabbed the edge of the blankets, snatching them away sharply before Ron could even tighten his grip; his hands reflexively flew to cover himself which prompted Harry's soft laughter. "You can't possibly be shy now, mate. We've both seen everything the other has already and morning wood is hardly shocking. Now get a move on! The shower awaits." Harry was out the door without another word, fully expecting Ron to follow. And follow he would, just as he always did. He had tried to deny his attraction to Harry for years, knowing full well his friend had no interest in a lover of the same sex, but it was impossible to stop caring or wanting. He had watched Harry's back, protected him, shared a dorm, a room, a bed. A shower should not be much of a change. Except that it would put him closer to a wet, naked Harry than he had ever been before. He wanted it as much as he dreaded it. He didn't think he could hide his arousal in such a confined space. Harry would know and he would lose his best friend. This was the only outcome Ron could foresee as he climbed out of bed and slowly followed Harry down the hall. Harry hadn't wasted any time; the water already running when Ron entered the lav. Catching sight of Ron's reflection in the mirror, Harry called out as he stepped under the heated spray. "Best hurry up, there's no telling how long we have." Ron nodded mutely as Harry proceeded with his routine, not noticing the way he was being watched. Ron pulled his t-shirt over his head and dropped it to the floor before pushing his pyjamas off his hips and down his legs. As he straightened, his attention was caught by Harry's reflection. His back was to the mirror, water and shampoo sluicing over skin as Harry washed his hair. Ron watched trails of lather and rivulets of water cascading over the defined muscles of Harry's arms and shoulders, painting the sharp angles of shoulder blades in froth before merging to form a sinful snake slithering down the spine and over lush taut buttocks. The trail teasing Ron as it disappeared between those cheeks only to reappear as tendrils racing down sculpted thighs and calves before the silken caress ended in a swirl around the drain. Ron couldn't look away, stifling his moan as his hand pressed hard against his swollen cock. "I won't feel sorry for you when you turn blue in here!" Harry had not even turned as he spoke, continuing his ablutions as he chivvied his friend along. He was doomed. There was no way to avoid it, even if he ran out right now, Harry would still have questions. Ron stepped towards the shower, immediately entranced by the sight he had been enjoying in reflection now in the flesh. Harry was gorgeous, compact and fit; how the man failed to notice his own good looks was beyond Ron's comprehension. Despite his fatalistic view of where this shower would lead, Ron was drawn inexorably toward Harry, soon joining him beneath the spray. He nearly leapt out of his skin when his cock brushed Harry's hip as he gingerly tried to situate himself in the small space so as to conceal the red flag of his raging boner. However, Harry didn't bat an eye so Ron took a deep breath to steady himself and did his best to carry on with the business of showering. It proved to be rather difficult to wash and keep away from Harry at the same time. Never had Ron felt more gangly, self-conscious, and awkward around Harry than at this very moment. After the third hip check rocking one of them into the wall and the fourth stray elbow to the ribs and head respectively, it was decided that they would have to go about this differently. "Look, we'll obviously have to help each other a bit to get out of here without a bevvy of new bruises, but I'm game if you are." Ron plastered some semblance of his normal sheepish grin on his face as he nodded numbly, still angling himself away from Harry as much as he could. If Harry noticed, he covered it well. "You wash your front and I'll wash your back, then we can switch. Sound good?" "Y-yeah, that might work." Sighing in relief, Ron turned his back fully to Harry, hiding his throbbing arousal; however, it didn't occur to him to consider the effect of Harry's hands on his body as a result. Ron's cock bobbed eagerly at the first touch, Harry's fingers warm and firm on his shoulder as the other hand began to work the lathered cloth across his back. Blinking dumbly at his own cloth for a moment, Ron managed to begin washing his front though his full attention was on recording every sensation of Harry's touch. It would give him something to think of later when he no longer had Harry's company to look forward to. He was drawn from his morose thoughts when Harry reached his arse, the touch becoming tentative instead of confident. Harry paused. "Is this alright?" Here was his out if he dared to take it, but nothing could compel Ron to have Harry stop. "It's fine. Friends helping friends, right?" Harry huffed a soft laugh without answering but continued his washing. Ron bit his lip hard to stifle a moan as the cloth brushed gently between his cheeks and against his most intimate of places. He cleared his throat gruffly, "Alright. Right...um, I'm good here. You ready to swap?" There was a pause before Harry answered, his voice sounding lower than normal. "Sure. We can swap." Ron waited until he was certain Harry was facing the other way before he turned around. He hesitated before he too placed one hand on Harry's shoulder while he brought the other up to wash Harry's back. He covered every inch of skin methodically, cataloguing the dips and swells he longed to trace with his lips and tongue, the muscles he dreamed of biting in the heat of passion, marking Harry as his own. He forced himself not to hesitate when he reached Harry's gorgeous arse, nor did he linger knowing the temptation was too great. However, the urge to simply feel Harry's skin soon became too overwhelming for Ron to resist, not when he was right i here/i . Fully expecting never to have this opportunity again, Ron let the cloth slip from his grasp. Placing both hands on Harry's back he let himself imagine he was caressing Harry as his lover, his touch eased by the slip of soap and water as he rubbed his palms over the firm body he had craved for so long. He was surprised by the soft sigh from Harry though. "Mmm...that feels good. Do you mind hitting my shoulders again? I've been in knots for ages with all the work we've been doing." Ron hummed his ascent, quickly skimming his palms up both sides of Harry's spine to perch over his shoulders. Finding them to be tight indeed, Ron began to massage firmly, kneading the muscles into submission and relaxing Harry in the process. He was rewarded with a loud groan. "Yes! Oh man, that...that feels amazing." Harry let his arms drop to his sides and his head lolled forward lazily as he enjoyed Ron's ministrations. "I don't care if we freeze, the massage will be worth it." Ron chuckled along with Harry, letting his hands rub and caress freely since he had permission to do so. Well, conditional permission at least but his libido failed to discern the difference. Before he realised it, he had moved from the shoulders to rubbing his palms along Harry's flanks, stepping closer and beginning to stroke over and around the narrow waist before him. It was too good, too close to everything he had ever wanted with Harry, and it made him careless. His cock brushed against Harry's arse, coming to rest along the delectable crease. Ron was pressing gently into the warm cleft before he knew it, his palms now resting over sculpted pecs and hard nipples, his body apparently fully on board with his fantasy. Harry froze, breaking the spell for Ron