Harry was fed up with everyone thinking they knew what he needed better than him. That included one Remus John Lupin. Harry had been drawn to Remus almost from the moment he had met him; his warmth and kindness something Harry had long been deprived of and craved desperately. The lycanthropy had been a surprise but did not deter Harry; he knew the man and did not fear the beast. As he got older, he found that Remus' dual nature attracted him in other ways as well, fueling many fantasies and wet dreams for a teenage Harry. Now with the war behind them and Harry a free wizard of age, he sought to pursue a relationship with the quiet werewolf. The only thing blocking the path to his happiness was Remus himself, who managed to thwart Harry's interest and all attempts to deepen their relationship. He had his reasons to be sure and they went beyond a simple age difference. The fact that he was the son of his dear deceased friends wasn't even his chief hurdle to accepting Harry's advances. His lycanthropy was the hindrance; no one should be saddled with him as a life mate knowing the constant struggles that came along too. And secondary to that, Harry's undisclosed status as a breeder; a closely guarded secret known only to a select few. Remus had been the first to know, scenting practically the moment Harry became fertile and oh, how he had wanted the young wizard. Despite the fact that he cared deeply for Harry, desired him even, he could not in good conscience tie the young man to a mate who should not breed. Remus stood firm in the belief that Harry deserved a mate nearer his own age and the chance at a family of his own, not tainted by this affliction. Sharing Grimmauld Place made it more than challenging, however. Still, Remus was certain Harry would see reason...eventually. {*} {*} {*} Tomorrow was the full moon. If he was ever going to puncture the rigid resistance of his would-be mate, it had to be tonight. Remus' animalistic tendencies became more prominent as the full moon grew closer making it harder for him to respond to situations with his usual calm reserve and strength. Normally they avoided potential difficulties by staying home during this time when Remus would begin taking his Wolfsbane to render him safe until the moon began to wane. Things would be different this month. It did not hurt that Harry was approaching the most fertile point of his own cycle, making his pheromones more potent and alluring to the right nose. As it happened, Harry had been working on a plan and had coaxed his housemate into escorting him out for the day. It was unfair to use Remus' protective streak against him, but Harry had grown desperate. He had considered this course of action for several months, began making preparations, in fact, deciding he was willing to accept the risk he was taking. Kingsley's visit over the weekend had been the catalyst for going ahead with the plan; Harry swore he saw Remus' lip curl and his nose wrinkle when he touched Kingsley's arm familiarly. Remus didn't know why he agreed to this, his time was too close. But it was Harry and, as much as he firmly believed the young man would be the death of him, he could not bear to leave him unattended. The fact that the day took them into a roiling cocktail of scents when he was at his most sensitive made him groan inwardly as he silently followed Harry into Diagon Alley. Sometimes, he despised his lupine nose even more than the excruciating physical change. He didn't blame Harry; he was a young man with needs after all. It was understandable that without a partner of any kind, Harry would take care of those needs himself in the privacy of his room. Privacy or not, and regardless of Harry's degree of personal cleanliness, Remus always knew; always smelled the enticing scent of Harry pheromones escaping with his arousal and the pungent sweet scent of Harry's release when he was done. There was no place in the large manor that Remus could escape from Harry's aroma. He must be a masochist since he willingly endured the torment to be near Harry, as his friend, mentor, and protector. Last night had been a close call, however. Harry had been relieving himself just before Kingsley's arrival for dinner, a normal enough happening, especially as he approached peak fertility for the month. Remus' mouth constantly watered from the thick pheromones in the air at this time, the longing to taste the source an ever present ache he easily hid from his housemate behind his calm demeanor. Still, when Harry shook Kingsley's hand and pressed his free hand to the other man's bicep, both appendages still reeking with the scent of his release, Remus had to fight down the snarl of his wolf who interpreted the actions as some form of claim and sought to challenge the interloper on the spot. Now, he had to face an unknown number of potential interlopers and keep his wolf under tight control. Remus sighed softly, definitely a masochist. Harry kept close tabs on Remus out of the corner of his eye as he made his way through Diagon Alley. He hated to tax his friend this way but it was the only way he could think to get through to him. He didn't even have any shopping to do; his presence was a key component of Kingsley's new public relations plan. While Harry would already be speaking briefly at Hogwart's welcome feast this year, Kingsley felt it was important for him to be seen out among the public; especially with the influx of new muggle students, and their equally green parents, that would be entering the magical community this year. So Harry ignored his distaste for publicity and wandered the Alley, greeting friend and stranger alike, signing autographs, posing for pictures, all of the things he would normally avoid if it were not for the fact that each interaction nudged Remus that much closer to the breaking point. Harry knew it would take a bit more yet, but he had an ace up his sleeve. He had enlisted the help of a friend, though the term friend was arguable, depending on the circumstances. Remus was on edge, each new person making free to touch Harry in some way causing his fingers to twitch at his sides; his nostrils filling with Harry's pheromones overlain by the smells of so many different individuals was infuriating the wolf. Remus repeatedly berated himself for feeling this way about Harry, the young man didn't belong to him no matter what the wolf thought and he shouldn't be struggling to maintain that conviction; if only Harry didn't smell so tempting. A stiff firewhiskey would hit the spot; however, it would not be wise at the moment. Harry was occupied with a small throng of admirers outside of Flourish and Blotts for the moment so Remus excused himself long enough to duck into The Leaky Cauldron and ask Tom for a soothing cup of chamomile tea. While a calming draught would be better, it would also render him useless to Harry if anything happened, so tea it would be. Remus was feeling much better by the time he drank his cuppa. He emerged into the sun filled lane, seeking out his charge, only to have his veneer of calm ripped away when he found him. Remus was certain that he must be imaging things. He actually froze in the middle of the alley watching the tableau before him in growing horror. He had noticed Lucius Malfoy eyeing Harry with more than casual interest earlier. He knew age didn't matter so much to witches and wizards but he was still shocked by Malfoy; though honestly, he didn't know why, given the man's penchant for social climbing and desperation to restore the family honor. Remus was able to dismiss the wealthy wizard without further thought, knowing Harry wouldn't give the man the time of day. But this? "Are you certain you know what you are doing, Potter? Are you prepared for the consequences?" Severus Snape was not entirely comfortable participating in this scheme, given his own youthful experience with Lupin's alter ego. He had acquiesced largely because he felt he owed it to the boy after all of his help, both with his convalescence and clearing his name. Never mind that the brat wouldn't leave him alone to enjoy his well-earned peace and solitude until he had agreed. This was how he found himself in a conspicuous public place, making apparent advances on a wizard young enough to be his son, in an effort to secure the dubious affections of his peer. "I am certain, sir, and I've prepared accordingly. I appreciate your help. I am rather counting on your past with Remus." It was far more awkward than Harry had imagined, pretending like this with Snape, but he was convinced that it was necessary. Catching sight of Remus approaching, Harry pulled Snape closer, signaling him with an exaggerated tilt of his head. Severus didn't bother looking for confirmation, he leaned toward Harry, placing one hand possessively on the narrow waist as he lowered his head and nuzzled Harry's neck. Harry couldn't control his blush but it played well to his intended audience, giving the appearance of arousal as he trailed his hand up Professor Snape's black-clad arm and tilted his head back to allow better access. He slid his hand carefully over one broad shoulder and to the pale neck, tugging until Snape lifted his head, a knowing expression in his eyes as he lowered his face to Harry's. From Remus' vantage point, Harry appeared to be happily ensconced in the arms of Severus Snape, pressed against one of the book carts near the turn to Knockturn Alley. Remus noted the pink flush of Harry's cheeks and his heart ached; he watched Harry's hand caress Severus' arm, moving to draw his paramour closer and his stomach roiled. Remus didn't realize that the nearby shoppers were beginning to leave a wide berth around his vibrating form, his hands clenched into fists at his sides and a low rumbling growl reached audible levels. When he saw Harry tilting his face up as Severus lowered his own, Remus Lupin saw red; instinct took over in an instant and it was Moony who acted. {*} {*} {*} Harry had closed his eyes, bracing himself to respond to an actual kiss from his former professor, a kiss that never came. A savage snarl, a sharp jerk accompanied by a loud grunt, immediately followed by rapidly displaced air, and Harry's eyes snapped open to see Snape's crumpled form lying upon the cobblestones on the opposite side of Diagon Alley from where they had been standing a second ago. Meanwhile, he was being forcibly pulled away by an incensed Remus. It was too soon to cheer his success but things seemed to be going the way he wanted. He hoped Remus hadn't actually hurt Snape, though. Harry was reassured to see the man stirring, sitting up to follow their retreating forms with a rueful expression. It was the last thing he saw before he was yanked down Knockturn Alley. He made a swift mental note to religiously send Severus rare potion ingredients for Christmas every year in both thanks and apology. Harry considered speaking but thought better of it when he paid attention to his captor. Remus appeared to be searching for something, raising his face to scent the air, and snarling at anyone who sought to delay him. Even the unscrupulous denizens of Knockturn Alley knew to scatter before the werewolf. Harry marveled at Remus' behavior, even without the transformation the power and strength of the man were intimidating, and wildly arousing. Gone was the gentle, quiet