"You did WHAT ?!" Ron stared at Harry, focusing hard on his lips, as though he could somehow change what had come out of his friend's mouth. Sinking into the nearest chair in the Gryffindor common room, he rubbed his temples to ward off the sudden headache he felt coming on, glancing back up at Harry, who appeared to be waiting patiently for his nervous breakdown to subside. "You can't seriously have asked Him . Have you gone bloody mental? Whatever were you thinking?" Harry let out a long-suffering sigh and dropped his book bag on the floor as he took a seat on one end of the sofa. He knew telling Ron was going to be the worst of it so he had tackled the task head on, blurting the news out to him as soon as he returned from his meeting with the professor. Hindsight being what it was, he could have broken the news with a bit more tact. "Yes, Ron. I seriously asked Professor Snape to be my grounder this year. I have not gone mental and I was thinking that he is one of only a few wizards I know that is powerful enough to balance my core. Considering I am here at school, he and Dumbledore are the most convenient options. Understandably, I chose Professor Snape." Ron shuddered at the thought of Dumbledore serving as anyone's grounder, much as he respected the man, and Harry smiled at his friend's predictable behavior. "I shouldn't have sprung it on you like that, I suppose. Sorry about that, mate. But you knew I'd have to do something soon; my birthday has come and gone and my magic is already acting up." Harry wasn't going to mention that the flare ups could have been prevented if he had approached Snape sooner; it was his own nervousness and hesitation that caused the delay. "Professor Flitwick has threatened to ban me from class until I am properly settled and Professor McGonagall most certainly did not appreciate finding out she had taught the entire class with her cat tail swishing behind her robes." Ron couldn't help laughing at the reminder as Harry cried out in mock offense, "Oi! She bloody well boxed my ears for that! And I couldn't even help it." Ron still laughed at the memory for a moment before sobering. It wasn't that it was unusual or shocking, not in their world. Every witch or wizard turning seventeen knew they had to find a grounder, someone older and more stable to help them as their magical abilities grew and matured when they came of age. Even any awkwardness brought about from contemplating sex with said persona and the ritual was easily relieved when one considered that your elders had all been through the same thing. He had already spoken to Tonks about serving for him, in preparation for his birthday in March, and Hermione had spent the entire summer with Viktor Krum as her grounder. She would turn eighteen in a couple of weeks and the year of erratic powers would be over for her. No, Harry was perfectly within his rights to ask whomever he chose and Ron already knew his best mate much preferred men to women. But why did he have to ask Snape? He pondered the notion before snorting loudly. "I can't believe the greasy bat said yes. Are you sure he even knows what to do? I'd hate for you to lose it finally with crap sex." Harry knew Ron would get around to that part of it but he still couldn't stop the heated flush that spread across his cheeks. The sexual component of the grounding ritual was expected and natural—well, natural enough for those who grew up with it. Harry was still adjusting to the notion, even after years in the Wizarding community, but it really was the most reasonable alternative, given Harry's degree of power and continued virginity. Considering he had been busy trying to defeat Voldemort, he had had little time to pursue much in the way of sexual gratification. And despite his surprising defeat of the dark wizard this summer, the opportunities had been grossly lacking for the Savior of the Wizarding world. Harry had certainly thought long and hard about the finer points before he asked Professor Snape for his help. He did not find the professor as repulsive as some students clearly did and the notion of losing his virginity to the older man was not without some appeal in Harry's mind. It had to be better to have someone experienced introduce you to sex regardless of the circumstances; at least, Harry assumed Professor Snape was experienced, being a mature wizard himself. While Ron could not get over his old mistrust and dislike of the Potions Master, Harry knew better than that now. With Voldemort defeated, Dumbledore had finally come clean regarding Snape's real role during the war, as well as his role in protecting Harry. Harry knew he himself would have still been too mistrustful of Snape to ask this of him without Dumbledore's candor. He had since tried repeatedly to express his gratitude to the stoic man only to have his thanks consistently brushed off as unnecessary. Yes, Harry knew that Professor Severus Snape was an honourable man whether others accepted it or not. He was counting on it in fact. "I am confident that Professor Snape can perform the duties required with adequate skill, Ron. Can we leave it at that?" Ron shook his head slightly, then with a wave of his hand appeared to dismiss his thoughts. "Sure mate, your choice after all. I'll get used to it...eventually." Pushing himself up from the chair, Ron mercifully changed the subject. "So, you ready for dinner? I'm starving." Harry nodded with a smile and rose to follow his friend. "Homework is pretty light tonight, maybe we can have a game of wizard's chess later." Ron disappeared through the portrait hole without waiting for an answer and Harry breathed a sigh of relief. Now he just had to tell everyone else. {*} {*} {*} "I understand you have agreed to serve as Harry's grounder." Severus' fingers tensed painfully around his fork at the headmaster's words and he bit back the rash remark that immediately came to mind. Instead, he took a deep breath to calm himself before replying succinctly to his superior. "Yes. Is there a problem?" Dumbledore spoke, an air of humor audible in his voice when Severus had expected possible censure. "Oh not at all, Severus. I was merely commenting." The professor met the headmaster's eyes, his own narrowing slightly at the suspicious twinkle he saw there. "I confess, I am most curious what prompted you to agree now. You've never served for any other student that I am aware of." Severus' mouth twisted into his accustomed sneer, his reply coming with his usual acerbic tone. "Perhaps it was the rather novel fact that Mister Potter actually asked me, unlike the throngs of students who have thus far managed not to darken my door." Dumbledore knew his Potions Master had a point but still wondered about the unusual choice, given the history the two wizards had shared thus far. "So you said yes for the...novelty?" Severus could hardly explain why he had accepted for himself, let alone to satisfy the headmaster. He answered with as much acidity as he could muster to put the nosy old wizard off. "Obviously." Dumbledore knew enough to leave it there but felt it his duty to caution Severus. "I trust you will not find reason to exacerbate old grudges and abuse your position." Severus had his goblet halfway to his mouth but set it down with a loud thunk at the Headmaster's words. His eyes blazed furiously at the implication as he replied. "I do believe both Harry and I are well past such behavior." He narrowed his eyes pointedly, accusation clear in his tone. "Also, you of all people should know me better than that." Dumbledore managed to look chagrined, tilting his head briefly in apology before letting the topic drop. Severus turned his attention back to his meal, chewing slowly as he thought. It was true that no student had ever dared to ask him and he gave Harry full marks for doing so. Had the young man's bravery ever been in doubt, then he would have decided in favor after their conversation. He had to admit to a certain degree of curiosity as well about the true extent of Harry's potential; the teen had managed to destroy Voldemort before even reaching his maturity, for Merlin's sake. There was no telling how much more his power would grow now that he was of age, both due to his own merits and the possibility that he absorbed some of Voldemort's power at the time of his defeat. Severus was understandably honored to be asked for that reason alone, as balancing Harry could not be accomplished by just anyone. What he had actually agreed to do was only just beginning to sink in; within a few months' time, he was supposed to deflower Lily's son, the boy he had spent a considerable amount of time and energy despising yet protecting. In the meantime he had to build a certain level of trust between them, share his own core and be available to counter fluctuations of Harry's magic as needed. He glanced up from his plate, dark eyes skimming the Gryffindor table until he spotted the unruly hair of the boy...no, young man in question. He studied Harry's profile: far too serious for one his age, always somewhat wary, yet happy enough among his friends. There had been misunderstandings, both intentional and incidental, between them over the years, though Dumbledore had seen fit to clarify many of them following Voldemort's defeat. Severus now knew the many things Harry had suffered while he himself had denounced him as a brat and fame seeker; he knew all that had been sacrificed to allow the orphaned youth to do what he had done. While Severus could admit that the boy had matured into a handsome young man and performing his duty would in no way be a hardship, he was still uncertain what his true reasons for agreeing were. {*} {*} {*} They had agreed to weekly meetings unless and until further contact became necessary. Sunday afternoon found Harry nervously knocking at the entrance to Snape's quarters. It wasn't that Snape made him nervous any longer, rather that he just did not know what to expect. The door swung open, revealing the professor, wearing the same expression Harry had seen for years. "Mister Potter. I appreciate your punctuality. Please come in, I was just setting the tea." Taken aback by the 'please', Harry muttered his own thanks and walked in as bidden, taking the cushioned chair at the small table his professor had indicated. There did not seem to be anything to say for the moment so he let his attention roam the sitting room, finding it cozy and warm in striking contrast to the stoic and spartan image Snape exuded. Harry finally turned his gaze onto the man in question, silently preparing tea in the small kitchen adjoining the sitting room. Perhaps because it was the weekend, Snape did not wear his normal robes and the difference was startling. Harry found himself appraising the man before him frankly: the body lean and surprisingly muscled, the black shirt and trousers revealing much where they fitted snugly over bicep, abs, and arse. Harry shifted in his seat, reacting to an unexpected flush of warmth and tension in his abdomen, both of which he did his best to conceal as the professor approached the table bearing a tray with their tea. Severus poured their cups, passing one to Harry with unexpected grace. "Help yourself to sugar and milk." He prepared his own before sitting back, blowing softly across his beverage then sipping lightly.