He blamed the twins; truly, he did. He should not be here. Not again. Not after the confrontation. He should have had the good sense to forget about this place. But here he was, late and with the main attraction already performing. Ron felt the, now, familiar swell of excitement as he accepted his drink from Scout, the bartender, and turned on his stool to face the stage; the pulse of arousal in his groin and his inevitable frustration already the foregone conclusion he had come to expect: the price he paid for his obsession. {*} {*} {*} "But why do I have to go?" Ron groused about the latest assignment Fred and George expected him to do in their stead. "You two always handle the suppliers. They don't even know me!" He was grateful for his job, and he did enjoy working with them, for the most part, pranksters though they still were. But he could never be sure when he was being set up...like now. Well used to Ron's often contentious nature, Fred changed tactics. "Look, we regret that we can't see them this time. We always have a blast when we meet up. But we have a prior commitment that we simply can't get out of." George nodded in agreement, having adopted his most mournful expression at Fred's words. He picked up the persuasion as soon as Fred paused. "Come on, it's not as though you have any plans for the evening, little brother. You could do with a nice meal and some entertainment. It will do you good to get your ruddy arse out of the flat for a change, and a tad of business is the only price you'll have to pay." Ron strongly suspected that Fred and George's "prior commitment" had to do with Neville's return from a three-month herbology apprenticeship in India. The three of them probably wouldn't make it out of the bedroom all weekend. He couldn't say he blamed them for wanting to get him out of the flat. Ron didn't begrudge his friend and his brothers their happiness; he just hated being the default choice because he didn't have anyone for himself, even if that was mostly his own fault. It was easy enough to maintain the status quo as long as Hermione was around. Easy to pretend. He did love her, but things never seemed to make it past the good friends stage, and they both knew it. Still, when she left for foreign studies in magical law, the convenient buffer was gone, and the truth became harder and harder to ignore. He had managed to ignore it for years, the truth that he was far more interested in Harry than he could ever manage to be in Hermione. Without her around, watching Harry with Ginny bordered on painful, and his temper flared at the slightest things. After one outburst due to a trivial foul had ruined a good game of Quidditch, ending in yelling and tears, he had approached the twins about a job and a change in residence for his sanity. If he hadn't left the Burrow, he would have destroyed his relationships with Harry and Ginny. The job and the distance did help. Harry could have the life he always wanted, and Ron could be happy for him...eventually. But Ron still found himself at loose ends, trying to figure things out for himself. He had spent so much time fixated on Harry or trying to make a go of it with Hermione, not to mention the whole war situation, that he hadn't bothered exploring other options. It had become obvious that guys were the only gender that truly caught his attention and imagination. He hadn't looked at a girl with real interest since school; even his time with Lavender when he was young, hormonal, and eager had only amounted to a lot of snogging. To this day, his friends didn't know she had never satisfied the underlying need he felt but couldn't name. At least, the twins didn't give him much grief though they did try to get him to go out with them from time to time; their constant refrain being, 'How will you ever find anyone if you don't get out and look.' Along with Neville, they were a living, breathing example of how good things could be if he ever managed to step out and find someone. Fred and George were right; he needed to get out for a bit. A night out might be just the thing. "Fine. I'll go." {*} {*} {*} Sitting between Marcus and Tyrone in a black leather booth, Ron fidgeted in his seat, nursing his second drink after downing the first. When he realized he had entered a gay men's club, his first instinct was to walk right back out. However, he reminded himself that he was surrounded by Muggles, not a single reporter from a Wizarding rag in sight, and relaxed. He was woefully short on experience so he decided to be open-minded about the evening instead. Marcus and Tyrone were indeed relaxed and fun-loving as Fred and George had said, though his brothers forgot to mention how handsy they were. "This is our favorite place," Marcus had enthused, patting Ron's knee. "Wonderful food and the entertainment is to die for." Ron had no objections to a good meal, but he couldn't decide where to focus his attention to avoid dealing with potentially unwelcome arousal. There were topless waiters in skintight trousers or shorts every way he turned, and several dancers were gyrating onstage in various stages of peeling off their clothes. Ron still felt like he might have been set up; especially when he caught his hosts sizing him up as though he were dessert. He had tried to focus their attention on business and the contract he was supposed to get signed, but they were having none of it, pushing the papers away, enthusing about the star attraction that he just had to see. Apparently, this astounding act would come after their dinner. His meal arrived fifteen minutes after the waiter, Will, as he had introduced himself as, took his order, and it was indeed delicious. Ron forgot much of his nerves as they ate and chatted, though his drink had some effect also. Their meal had been cleared, and a third drink appeared in front of Ron just as the lights began to dim. As the crowd hushed and turned their focus to the main stage, the music changed to a sultry jazz, increasing in volume gradually. Though dark and bare, the stage held their rapt attention. The soft chant 'Dra-gon! Dra-gon!' swelled from the audience. Ron must have looked as confused as he felt because Marcus gripped his bicep firmly as Tyrone's hand landed on his thigh. "Dragon is the hottest exotic dancer in London. Everyone wants him, but practically no one gets near him. You'll see; he's unbelievable!" "Absolutely exquisite!" Tyrone chimed in, leaning against Ron as though he needed support. A small look passed between the two men, and Tyrone eased off a bit as Marcus continued. "He does all of these different routines, costumes and all, a different theme each performance so you almost never see the same show. I can hardly wait to see what it will be tonight." Just then a spotlight snapped on, bathing center stage in a soft filtered light as mist drifted in from fog machines. There was a man, propped casually against a vertical pole, which was disguised as a lamppost. He was tall and lean but quite fit. Swathed in a dark suit, well tailored to fit his frame; revealing or hiding those features he chose as he waited with his hands tucked into his pockets. His head was tilted down; his hair pulled back into a sleek ponytail beneath the dark fedora perched upon his head and pulled low over the brow, hiding all his facial features save for his mouth. The crowd was going wild, along with Marcus and Tyrone, applauding and cheering, but the man didn't move, letting the audience take in his silhouette. Nothing had even happened, yet Ron found himself leaning forward in his seat, craning his neck for a better look, a suspicious twitch of interest from his cock not escaping his notice—or Tyrone's. This was not the evening out that he had expected, but his curiosity was piqued. Ron managed to catch glimpses of the dancer's sharp jawline and of strands of his blond hair, which appeared almost white under the bright stage lights. Emerald studs pierced each earlobe in striking contrast to the man's alabaster skin. There was something about the man that struck Ron as familiar even though he knew they couldn't have ever met since he was a Muggle. Perhaps it was simply that the man had the lean, slightly muscled figure he tended to favor, similar to Harry's. Nevertheless, something about the dancer had him practically ignoring his hosts in lieu of focusing on the seductive form before him. With the next refrain of the music, Dragon pushed off from the pole and began to stroll downstage towards his eager audience, hips swaying with the sensual beat. Slipping free of their pockets, Dragon's pale hands made a pointed contrast against his midnight blue suit as they slid smoothly over his body like a lover's caress. A flick of one foot, then the other, sent his leather loafers to the side of the stage before he spun around, releasing the button of his jacket, flashes of white whetting the audience's appetite for more. Dragon played with his admirers, teasing the jacket off his shoulders one at a time before pulling it back on, clutching it closed then opening it wide, finally slipping it from his shoulders and allowing it to spill behind him onto the stage. Then Dragon undulated his hips as he lowered himself to his knees, pelvis pumping up and down as he leaned back slowly, displaying his strength and control. Dragon's nimble fingers released the catch on the leather belt circling his narrow waist, pulling until it slid from the loops of his trousers with a soft hiss. The crowd surged against the stage, cheering as Dragon whipped the leather strap to either side of his body with a loud snap that was echoed by his hips. The belt fell to the stage as the tease continued, Dragon palming the front of his trousers blatantly before his wicked fingers made their way down the row of buttons on the crisp white shirt he wore. The throng moaned as though in pain at the slow reveal while Dragon smirked beneath the brim of his hat. Ron couldn't explain why that smirk sent a jolt of raw lust through him, but he caught himself biting back a soft groan as the throbbing in his trousers grew more pronounced. They were all waiting for the shirt to fall, revealing more of his toned body beneath, yet Dragon foiled them again. One pale hand slid beneath the loose edge of his shirt, rubbing and teasing his nipple, while the other hand rubbed over his clothed cock in three hard, sure strokes; his mouth rounded in ecstasy as though moaning with the pleasure his masturbation brought. The audience roared their adulation and approval. "Stunning, isn't he?" Tyrone whispered into Ron's ear. Tyrone's hand, still on Ron's thigh, was now trailing closer to the pronounced hardness he was certain could use some relief. Ron spared a glance and a nod for his host, surprising himself when he didn't object to the idea of what Tyrone so clearly had in mind. Be open-minded, he reminded himself, turning his attention back to the stage, where he was completely diverted by Dragon. Dragon was on his feet again, his back to the audience as he slowly peeled his white shirt from one shoulder and slid an arm free. The bare arm made a wave from shoulder to wrist