Chapter 1 I volunteer for a small girl, one that I've seen roaming the halls of the Academy on days when there isn't much training to do. She's in Prims year, I think. Her hair is curly, her face hollow, her arms limp. She wouldn't stand a chance in the arena. Probably wouldn't outlast any of the other Careers from District 1, 2, or 4. Hell, probably wouldn't survive the first night. She runs off to her parents after I offer to take her place, chanting her thanks as Peacekeepers drag her away from the stage. My eyes follow her for a moment. It turns out her dads the grocer, a man I've spoken to from time to time when I run into him in town. His wife is a thin woman who I've seen occasionally when she comes to visit my mother. They were friends, I think. Back in school when my mother was young and beautiful and not so damaged. They all smile at me, their eyes telling me things they can't say. Good, I think as I march up the stairs towards an excited looking Effie Trinket who reaches her hand out as if I need help. If I die, at least I'll know my family will be eating. The Academy only helps so far. They provide enough for my family now but if I die, they'll probably give them a few coins for compensation, maybe a month supply of food. Then there on their own unless Prim decides The Academy is the type of schooling she wishes to take. But she won't. She's too delicate, too good-hearted for anything like this. Being a Victor was always going to be me. The oldest Everdeen, Katniss Everdeen. The one who could work a bow like no other and took after her father's natural ability to survive. The one who had no problem killing animals, therefore no problem killing people because in the eyes of District 12, there was really no difference when it meant food for the starving children on the streets. Me being chosen by the Academy didn't come as a shock but as I mount the stage, the crowd breathes a sigh of relief, cheering for me once I look out on all their faces. They believe in me. "And what's your name, dear?" Effie Trinket asks, her sing song voice magnified over the loud speakers the Capitol has set up in honor of the Reaping. "Katniss Everdeen." Effie says something else, something about my selflessness and bravery but I don't hear it. Her words are deafened by the cheers of the people from District 12 and the pounding of my heart in my ears. I have been preparing for this for years now but my nerves still get the best of me. Luckily, I have perfected the art of remaining emotionless. I will give no one, especially the Capitol, the satisfaction of my tears today. My eyes scan over to the roped off section to my right holding boys ages twelve to eighteen, all looking perfectly at ease. I try to pick out familiar faces, people I've seen at the Academy from time to time. There are too many of them to sort through; too many faces I know to narrow it down. I hope my male tribute is worth something. The last thing I need is to be stuck in that arena with someone hopeless. I'll have to pair up with them regardless. The District would shun me if I fought alone and returned home. Probably make life for my mother and Prim hard even if I die. Either way, fighting in the Games alone didn't benefit anyone. It turns out Peeta Mellark, the bakers son, is the male tribute. I didn't know before this moment, being boys and girls are kept separately at the Academy for safety reasons or so they tell us. I've spoken to him on few occasions, dinners where boys and girls are intermixed or the one rare time I actually attended something with my classmates. He's a nice boy just like his brothers and father. His mother is a witch but I don't think too much about her Peeta going in with me puts me at ease, at least for the time being. I'm happy with it in a way. If we're going to be a team, I need someone strong, someone who will be of use to me in that arena. I don't know much about him but from what I've heard, he takes well after his brothers which can only mean good things. They were always fit, well trained and could throw knives like you'd never believe. They weren't chosen for the Games the years they were eligible but if they had been, I wouldn't doubt District 12 would've come home champions. Peeta volunteers for a twelve year old boy who had no trouble giving up his place in the Hunger Games to him and the crowd erupts into bigger applause. Surely we'll win now, the two of us as a team. We're virtually unstoppable. As we stand on the stage, cameras flashing in our faces, we interlink hands, raising them above our heads like all tributes do. At least the ones who wish to be presented as teams. I smile with ease and Peeta does the same, waving to the cameras and to the people of our District who chant our names in excitement as we're escorted inside the Justice Building to await our visitors. I turn just as the doors begin to close, catching a quick glance of Prim, who sits atop my mother's shoulders with a smile on her face, waving her hands excitedly. People congratulate her and my mother, handing them pieces of what look like chocolate and those peppermint squares from the candy shop. Of course, it's all the Merchants—people from the Seam don't have enough for themselves let alone to spare. They also don't look at Volunteering for the Games as something to congratulate anyone for. They see it as a death sentence. My heart clenches for a moment knowing despite my overwhelming confidence about the team Peeta and I will make, I could very well not be coming home. I could step off my plate before the minute is up, or freeze to death, or the Gamemakers could get rid of me whenever the audience grows bored. I doubt any of this will happen but it is still a possibility. It is still possible this will be the last time I'll be addressing the people of District 12, my home, my family. I try not to let the melancholy feeling consume me. The last angle I want to play in these games is pity. I don't want to be seen as the girl with the dead father for once in my life. I want to be seen as Katniss Everdeen, the Victor of the 74th Hunger Games. I was determined, hungry, and blood-thirsty even if I could convince myself of that. I would be seen as ruthless and Peeta would help me. We would win this thing not just for us but for all the hungry faces that looked up at me today. I've never been inside the Justice Building but it's just as marvelous as everyone says. It's nothing really to be proud of in retrospect to the things the other Districts have, but here, in District 12 where something beautiful is a rare occurrence, we are proud of our Justice Building. The marble floors, the elevators that barley move but are nevertheless elevators, the crystal chandelier that lights the foyer. It's beautiful though I only get a few glances of things here and there. The Peacekeepers block my view, trapping my body between four of theirs. Back before the Academy, before their were volunteers, most children who were Reaped tried to run in fear. They never got very far but it was uncomfortable to watch on the replays in the Capitol so President Snow just decided to make sure every tribute was escorted from place to place the moment their name was called. It had been this way ever since my first Reaping four years ago. I'm lead into a small room on the third floor. The room smells of rotted cheese and I fight the urge to throw up. It seems the Peacekeeper flanking me is too by the way he rushes from the room so quickly. The others follow him, whispering something about three minutes and guests and presents but I don't listen. I already know the rules. Instead, I take my few minutes solitude to stare out the one window in the room. The square is empty now, the cleanup crew from the Capitol already making sure all supplies borrowed from them is put on a hovercraft and transported back immediately like the people here would really want to risk stealing material things like microphones and stereos. What people here really need is food. If the Capitol paid any attention they would know that. I feel the bitter feeling creeping inside of me as images of a malnourished Prim fill my mind. Winning will make sure that never happens again, I remind myself. By winning you'll make the Capitol pay attention. My mother and Prim are my first guests, enveloping me in hugs, not saying much. We'd said all that needed to be said last night over dinner the academy had for us. Prim knew how to make money from her goat, mother knew where to get the herbs she needed for her medicine. Gale would bring them meat and whatever else he could find in the woods. I'd spoken quietly with Prim about how much I loved and cared for her and how she isn't to join the Academy no matter what happens. She cried and screamed until the weight of the day finally overtook her and she fell asleep in my mother's bed, her arms wrapped tightly around my middle. Then I spoke with my mother about Prim, about how she is to take care of her no matter how sad she may be or what she's feeling. That she cannot leave again the way she did when my father died. That Prim needs her and I may not be there anymore. She'd promised and that was all I needed from her. "You'll win, right?" Prim whispers, barely audible to my ears. "You and Peeta?" "Of course. We're coming home, okay? Then we'll live in Victors Village with Haymitch." The last part doesn't sound to appealing but Prim just giggles, refusing to let go of my waist even when the Peacekeeper enters, telling them silently my three minutes is up. He doesn't rush them though and I feel even he may feel a little sentimental. I hug my mother next, not for too long but just long enough. Long enough to tell her I've forgiven her in a way. I watch as the last view of their shiny yellow hair disappears before letting out the shaky breath I had been holding in, listening to their soft retreating footsteps before the door opens once again, Gale Hawthorne standing before me. Gale is my only friend apart from Madge whom I may never see again. Our fathers were friends long ago before I decided to join the Academy. We'd known each other since birth, grown on each other through the years, and in a way, became interlocked with each other after the deaths of our fathers who died in the same mine explosion all those years ago. We don't see each other much now. He started working in the mines shortly after graduating from the regular school, making money the only way boys from the Seam really could in District 12. I was busy with the Academy, training to become the killer I am now. We meet in the woods on Sundays though. Well, met. Looking up at Gale, I'm reassured that what I'm doing