I can't make any excuses for the length of time it has been since I posted something. I can only say that writing has given me a much deeper respect for all of the amazing authors in this fandom and I will never question how long it takes someone to post. Although I will still probably wait impatiently for my favorite stories to post... Happy reading! Bella fidgeted with the ends of her green scarf nervously. She had stared at her closet for way too long, trying to decide what to wear tonight, before her roommate and best friend, Alice had breezed into their dorm room and pulled together the perfect outfit in less than a minute. Alice had assured her the the scarf gave the outfit the perfect blend of dressy and casual. Bella had been so grateful, she'd promised Alice an all-day shopping trip on her next free weekend. For anyone who knew how much she detested shopping with Alice, this showed just how petrified she was about the evening's outing. Edward Cullen lived in the same dorm, two floors up. She'd heard the girls on her floor talk about how good-looking he was and how much they wanted to hook up with him so many times before she actually met the man that she'd been convinced it was all hype. It wasn't. When she was paired up with him for a project in her Biology class, she'd discovered that everything the girls said about him was true. Was maybe even an understatement. She'd barely been able to string two words together the first few times they'd met at the library to work and she was sure he found her mentally deficient, but she'd been surprised to learn that behind all the perfection was a genuinely nice guy. The third time they'd met, he'd suggested that they meet in one of their dorm rooms, hers actually, because his roommate had reduced their room to a place he wouldn't let her enter without a Hazmat suit. Alice's presence during their study session had put Bella enough at ease that she could actually relax, joke around and get to know Edward a bit better. The more she learned, the more she liked him. Even though their Biology project, had been over for two weeks, Edward occasionally joined the girls at meals in the cafeteria or for a movie in their room, usually at Alice's invitation. One night at dinner, he'd rolled his eyes and said he'd been roped into going to a party, and would they go with him and make it slightly less boring. Alice quickly claimed a previous engagement, but also declared that Bella would love to join him, because her Friday night was wide open. Lowering her eyes to hide her embarrassment made Bella miss Edward's smirk. That was how she found herself dressed in the "perfect" outfit, with Edward's hand at the small of her back, walking up to a familiar apartment building. "Do you know Emmett?" she asked, turning to Edward curiously. Edward's head whipped around. "How do you know Emmett?" he asked , his eyes narrowing. She gave a faint smile. "You know I'm from a small town, right?" He nodded, still looking suspicious. "Actually, I grew up just down the street from Emmett. He's always been like a big brother to me, even though I was always the one bailing him out of trouble." She looked at Edward. "How do you know Emmett?" "I really don't know him all that well. You know his girlfriend, Rosalie, right?" Bella blanched. She'd been introduced to Rosalie, and Rosalie had been present the last two times she'd hung out with Emmett, but she could hardly claim to know the woman whose expression never wavered from a mask of indifference. Bella had no idea whether Rosalie liked her or was plotting her death, and her intimidating presence tended to make the already shy and clumsy Bella become even more bumblingly inept. Edward's ears turned pink as he recognized Bella's trepidation. "She's my...um...sister," he mumbled quickly. "I know she can be a little hard to take at first." "No, no, she's great!" Bella's false cheer was not at all convincing and Edward's expression said that he was onto her, so she frowned. "Why didn't you tell me we were going to your sister's." The flush in Edward's ears spread to his entire face. "I didn't want to go to her party, but she called our mom. I thought if I told you about my sister, you wouldn't come and I really wanted you to come. I've actually been trying to ask you out for a while now. How lame that the only thing I could think of was my sister's party!" By his embarrassment and how rushed his words came out, Bella knew that he hadn't intended for her to learn that last part. She gave him a soft smile. "I'm glad you invited me." He smiled back at her and his tension seemed to ease. Edward took her hand in his and led her to the door of an apartment. A few seconds after he knocked, the door swung open and Bella was ripped away from Edward into Emmett's enthusiastic embrace. Edward was quite pleased how the evening was going. After he and his sister had pried Emmett off of Bella, Emmett had realized that Edward and Bella had come together, he had delighted in grilling the two of them on how they'd met and the details of their relationship. Then he'd attempted a big-brotherly-like speech about Edward's intentions, but it wasn't very intimidating due to the fact that he could barely speak around his laughter. A simple glare from Rosalie had finally made Emmett fall silent. The gathering was small and quite tame for Rosalie and Emmett, only a few close friends invited to celebrate their moving in together. Rosalie had insisted that Edward bring Bella because he hadn't been able to shut up about her since they began working on a project together. She'd met Bella through Emmett a few times, but hadn't gotten a good read on the quiet, timid girl. Whereas Emmett couldn't pull off intimidation, Rosalie was the reason many a skank hadn't made it past a few dates with her little brother. Bella had been very quiet all evening and Edward noticed that she was watching Emmett with wide eyes. He asked her what she found so fascinating and she whispered her answer back. "I've never someone manage to keep him in line before. Your sister must have magical powers." Edward burst out laughing. "She perfected her bitch face when I got big enough to go into her room," he said, rather loudly. Bella's face flushed a dull red as Rosalie's eyes focused on Edward and Bella. She turned and whispered something to Emmett, and the two of them made their way across the room to where Edward and Bella were sitting. Rosalie ordered her brother to help her in the kitchen in a tone that allowed no argument. Emmett plopped down in Edward's spot and tried to engage her in conversation about the latest gossip from Forks, which he was well aware of thanks to his mother, but Bella couldn't help glancing nervously at the kitchen every few seconds. Edward returned more than ten minutes later, glowing and anxious to tell the girl that he couldn't stop thinking about that she was also the first girl he'd ever been interested in that his sister actually liked. Grinning, Edward rejoined Bella on the loveseat and commented on her bright red face. She claimed that the room was growing warm and he offered to help her take off her scarf. Their hand tangled together and their heads bumped as they tried to untangle them from her scarf. Then Bella received her first kiss in plain view of her pseudo-big-brother and her dream man's overprotective sister, who grinned as they watched the couple so wrapped up in their own little world that they didn't seem to notice anyone around them. Later, as they left the party, practically with cartoon hearts for eyes, they also didn't notice Bella's scarf left on the couch. Bella could feel herself falling along with the leaves. Edward was slowly becoming the center of her world. Alice had a thing for southern boys and Edward seemed to get along well with her latest catch, Jasper, despite the fact that he thought he'd fought in the Civil War when he was high. The two couples, along with Rosalie and Emmett, formed a tight-knit social group, with whom Bella spent all of her time, when she wasn't alone with Edward. She'd even done a few girly outings with Alice and Rosalie, and gotten to know the warm, loving person behind her icy exterior. For their three month anniversary, Edward had suggested a trip upstate for apple picking and an overnight stay at a bed-and-breakfast. Bella wasn't sure how her twenty-year-old, X-Box-loving boyfriend had come up with the idea, but she would go along happily with anything he suggested. The trip consisted largely of two-lane highways and the unseasonably warm weather had them both rolling their windows down. Bella couldn't take her eyes off the adorable way the wind mussed Edward's hair and the way the sun seemed to frame him like a crown. Edward's view was full of apple-red cheeks, warm chocolate eyes, and tousled mahogany hair that framed a pale, beautiful face. His view was unfortunately not large enough to include the traffic light turning from red to green, but gradually the annoyed sounds of honking horns behind began to penetrate, but he couldn't stop himself from breathing, "I love you," softly as he turned his eyes back to the road. He missed Bella's shocked, delighted reaction as she gasped, "Do you mean it?" He nodded. "Look at me!" she demanded. He explained that if he looked at her again, they would have a car accident because he wouldn't be able to stop staring at her. She ordered him to skip the apple orchard and take them straight to the bed-and-breakfast, where she proved with both words and actions that she loved him in return. In Bella's opinion, no girl had ever had a first time as special as her own. Typically, Bella was the nervous one in their relationship, but when it came to her meeting his parents for the first time, she had never seen him so jumpy. His mother had demanded to meet the girl who was the reason her son barely looked up from his cell phone the entire winter break, so they drove up to join his parents at their vacation home in Vancouver, for a weekend of skiing. The fact that they would be stopping to have dinner with Bella's father on the way back to school caused Edward's nerves to double. He had hoped that fresh powder on the ground would keep them from spending too much time with his parents indoors, but he should have known better than to underestimate his mother. Esme Cullen swore that she would control herself around the first girl her son had ever brought home, but Edward knew that was a lie when she brought out the entire box of photo albums she'd hauled from home less than an hour after he and Bella arrived. Carlisle Cullen smiled at his wife's overenthusiastic reaction to the lovely young woman both his son and daughter raved about and chuckled at his son's discomfort. Edward felt a twinge of panic when his girlfriend commented on how much he'd looked like his father as a child, and his mind floated an image of a toddler with chocolate eyes and mahogany hair. His panic grew when he saw a photograph that was practically identical to his mental picture sitting on Charlie Swan's mantle two days later. Edward had thought his future brother-in-law was exaggerating when he'd raved on and on about the