TWELVE MEMORIES I SHADOWLAND Depth (Aragorn – Point of View) I have climbed alone through many rocky places and found myself thus isolated and alone with my dreams, yet none as dense and dark as this. Even though you are behind me I see nothing, I hear nothing. With one moment you might slip away into the forgotten pockets of the mind. In my memories, I am alone, and through the stark grey and dead granite of the rock I forget myself. How long have we wandered thus? Chased here by unknown forces, I see no means of escape. Nothing now except the dread of night in the mountains and I am afraid to sleep. There is death in this place I can tell. Only your hands, on my ankles as we crawl, suggest the faintest breath of life within the dank halls. And then there was the fall… deeper than the Earth perhaps… or just deeper than memory. Unconsciousness comes and all is forgotten. I wake in dreams of green and pleasant wilderness and I recognise what I think is my home. There are faces kind and wise, glowing in the slender light of fantasy but they are not close and I cannot distinguish those that speak. Then life wakes me, I ache and am deeper than before and believe myself truly alone. I call names, the names of all that I love and there are no answers. I sweat and feel the moisture run down shivering skin. There is fear in the air more potent than before. The rock faces swim ahead of me and I see features; they whisper doom. Here there is nothing but a pale emptiness and yet the voices of the rocks still whisper fear in my thoughts. I am trapped. There is no escape. My bones feel shattered and perhaps they are. I give up all hope and reason. There is nothing left to guide me here. Bright Eärendil does not shine out at the brink of hell. There is a drumbeat, but I cannot move. They will capture me and there will be nothing to do but surrender, but I cannot move. They come closer; perhaps there is only a thin roof of Earth now, which separates me from them. My friend, you are lost somewhere above… do not succumb, do not let them find you for they will not leave you alone, but will harass you until death. I cannot lose you to the powers of darkness, even should I lose myself. You return to my thoughts with a vivid intensity, I think I promised you I should not die today. Can a man break a promise so easily? My shattered body tells me yes; you have suffered enough. They are closer now; their drum beats in time with my heart. Perhaps they have merged and there is nothing left of me now. I can see the cold glint of the dark smile of their eyes, they smile for pain and the fear they sense. There is fear all around. I reach for my sword and I am ready and they will come now. I am ready… there is nothing left to do but fight, although I will lose. Strong arms try to pull me back from the brink but I am falling, again. The rocks disappear and there is darkness… Athelas (Elrond POV) 'Athelas. Athelas quick!' I mouth the words so fast they would choke me. My thoughts move faster than the words to express them. My mouth is dry and empty, like spring with no rain. The words are sore on my tongue and when I swallow there is no moisture there. I am dried up and weak; perhaps there is no emotion left to bear this hurt. I do not want to look upon your body my son, for the reality burns my vision and blurs my eyes and thoughts to all but your pain. Sometimes I look and feel your scars as though they were slashed into my own back. I feel as I did when I looked upon my wife. So helpless, so terrified – all I wanted was to hold her and all I could do was try to save her. She was so childlike when they brought her back to me, her skin singing with pain, her breath constant, running like her tears. Then I thought I could not tend her, she who had become my world. Would not the hurt I must inflict count twice for the lashes upon her skin. I watched then, hand caught within hers, though it seemed she did not feel it. The air from your punctured lung whistles in my ears and I know there is no more time for contemplation. My hands are inside you now, slippery with your blood, shaking with quiet fear; if I should slip what then? I reach beneath your ribs, careful not to aggravate the fragments of shattered bone further, remnants of your fall into darkness. They tremble slightly as your heart gives out a faint beat, shuddering within your chest. Your body is strong and fights so hard to live. I reach and hope. The shadow of Mordor lives on even in your veins, your blood runs black with shadow. The sweet smell of Athelas now haunts the air of this room, as it has so often before. It sings with hope and brings a new lightness to all the heavy hearts about this bed. The hope it brings is intoxicating for a moment, as though I have drunk too much wine. I gain courage and close this wound within your chest, my mind cleared for the moment by the sweet intoxication of the healing herb. It is the shadow of your blood that drags me back to dread. This poison smells like Morgul savagery. Alone, it will not kill I think, but slows the senses and numbs the mind to all except blackness. It claims your wits first, and then your body until everything is forgotten. In time even your heart will forget to beat. Your blood is so dark it seems like ink. I wonder how many times they have fed this to you? How far you had fallen to the darkness? If I look into your eyes now I see that you are trapped within the murky world it has created for you. Your pupils wander as if preyed on by some unknown enemy that has given chase. Your eyes alone of your body are active, confused and furtive as a rabbit. I allow your eyelids to close once more, easing the pain, for myself at least. It seems as though I look upon you, locked in that void from above. It appears as a great abyss, wide and craggy, deep as thought, the bottom, further than memory. You do not know me and are lost beyond my guidance, perhaps beyond my calls, I weep for you beyond the choking veil of darkness. My mind is searching for a recollection, weaving through millennia of knowledge. The smell drags me back to Mordor. Mount doom, where men lost hope. Surely I cannot lose hope now, not to Mordor. I stand on the brink breathing the acrid taste of fire and my lungs are scalding. It merges with my image of you and you are there below, helpless and consumed by flame. Is that your mind my son? Wreathed in red and consumed by flame? My reverie has caught me unawares and my hands have left your chest and have been caught before me in silent wonder. There is a flurry around you. All have crowded around your chest. They cry out. 'Lord Elrond quick!' I blink and have returned to rest in this room. 'His heart no longer beats.' All thoughts vanish and my mind as blank as your vision. My hands race to your heart, where they should have remained. There is no fragile kick of life, you are leaving the earth floating from my reach, I feel it in my very soul. Your heart must beat. My being now beats with this single thought and purpose. Elladan stands at me side and passes me the herbs I need. He knows my need before myself now and his hands are my own. I open your mouth, forcing them down your throat. You choke and your body convulses refusing to take this medicine. I see that you have been forced before and my own throat tightens at the thought. Elladan takes over, lifting your head to force you to swallow. I place my hands above your heart and pour myself into you, my strength, and my power, my life. It tingles in my fingertips as it leaves me. I do as I have taught you to do. I have seen you stand above another, your mind focused upon them and their healing and I was so proud. The hands of the king are healing hands they say. You must live to fulfil your purpose. I call, I call until my throat is raw with sobbing and my plaintive cries beat like thunder against my skull. 'Estel, Estel, Lasto beth nin, tolo dan na ngalad!' Come back to the light. Your body shivers beneath my cold touch. I am ice and you are fire. Can ice put out fire? I panic for the drug has sent you into violent convulsions; you shake as a leaf blown by a powerful wind. I panic for your bones are not set and your ribs are knives within your chest. The heart shudders, then stills, then shudders again sending quivers of life through your skin. You have come back, my body sighs. The sigh so deep I feel I could sink to the floor. You have come back I think, but still I can make no connection with you. Your body beats but you have not returned but float still beyond my reach and you have not answered my call. Your temperature soars now, as fever like winter sets in. I fear it will burn away your flesh until you will return to the ash of Mordor. They place ice around you, but you are soaring beyond, high above where none may reach you. I do not know how to counter this poison, for it will attack again. I must wait and be ready. I am ready now, dressed in the armour of healing. I will face this battle with you' my son although only you can fight it. The alarm has brought me to myself with desperate clarity and I will not slip again. Air without Breath (Legolas POV) Night has fallen but Imladris is never silent to the ears of an elf. From many corners sound the gentle sighs of elves at rest. I wander around your bed, my feet like air without breath for they create no resonance against the cold slabs beneath. Your father sits beside you, eyes open but for this time not alert. His fingers have found a home next to your pulse and do not stir lest they should register some unknown change. The fingers are those that have known you since childhood. They know your heartbeat now as if it were their own. I feel it too, faint yet heavy within my chest as my own; you live; it tells me. My heart tells me but my head refuses to believe this truth as your chest refuses to acknowledge your life. I have watched, caged by my fears and helpless in the face of my grief. I am vaguely aware that I have refused to leave your side, as if magnetically drawn to your pain. They have tried to persuade me to rest but I will have none of it for the weight that envelopes me clouds even my dreams and I should find no rest this night. So I have stood, time out of mind it seems, as within you a personal battle commences –