IN THE LENGTHENING SHADOW (I) Gathering Shadow Legolas knew they were lost when the ranger lay with his ear to the floor, a shadow passing the contours of his worried face. "I hear nothing Legolas" he claimed, "…naught, not even the river, and we should be close right now. How came we to be so far from our tracks." Legolas turned, resting his sharp eyes on the tracks behind them, willing his vision to trace through the mist and vivid leaves a way back to the road. Alone and in unknown woods, it did not bode well for the two. Even Legolas could not know every inch of the wiry paths that raggedly clung to the sides of the mountains and he cursed himself for not looking further, and for forgetting that acute awareness so essential to the core of his being. He had been enjoying the warm, life-giving sun, so rare a sight under the darkening eaves of Mirkwood that it would sometimes seem but a dream. But then the mist had come, swirling through the air like a swarm of bees, enfolding them, losing them within its ever widening darkness, absorbing them in its thick contours, like ice the trees melted into the grey and the land took on unfamiliar apparel. Aragorn turned and leant his back against the tree that thrust its wiry curling branches through the darkness of the fog, leading the ranger's back to its wide trunk. A look of weariness and anxiety brushed his face and he leaned his head back against the tree, closing his eyes in thought, eyebrows locked in a worried frown. Legolas, perturbed by the dim sight of his friend deep in thought, made his way over, the sharp twigs under his feet clicking and snapping even under the weight of an elf. He felt as if he were announcing his presence to the entire forest. As he reached him, he laid his warm hand on Aragorn's shoulder, looked into his eyes, "What troubles you my friend." "I hear nothing," replied the ranger; a bemused smile, worked its way across his face, quickly to be replaced by the same dark look of anxiety, "not even the birds wish to continue nesting in this dark place today." The elf stood in the all encompassing silence and agreed, he could even hear the quickened sound of the ranger's uneasy heartbeat, and he clearly had a bad feeling. The silence worried him also, his all too sensitive hearing picked up nothing but the sound of the twigs that trembled under his friend's feet. It worried him, but there seemed nothing to do, where could they go if they were lost? What could they do if the woods had decided to turn against them? "We should make camp now," advised the elf, as he felt the first drops of heavy rain on his tense shoulders, "There will be no finding our way in this foul mire." The rain felt like a burden, forcing his shoulders to uncharacteristically droop, or so it felt to him. The world seemed perpetually grey and they would get no further tonight. "It is strange," spoke the ranger, "It came upon us so fast, when all around us there has been sunlight." "Aye" whispered the elf and spoke no more but looked towards the heavens as his companion began to lay down his things in silence, his pointed ears gathering every suggestion of noise that surrounded them… but there was nothing. The sun seemed to have no place within this world of shadows. Aragorn thought sourly; perhaps this was a taste of things to come. As the darkness became ever more oppressive the two sat closely huddled, fending off the cold night air and the looming dread of the starless sky. In their eyes their small fire reflected its flames and they could not warm themselves. Every breath of smoke that lifted itself from the distant orange glow seemed to them an invitation to orcs or raiders. Middle Earth, as it became slowly engulfed in the Shadow of Sauron, seemed the haven for evil, and under the dark trees and under the grey precipices of the mountains it grew in secret, a scar buried deep in the Earth. But as yet there was nothing, still nothing, the birds still hidden within their branches seemed to have forgotten to breathe, and the crackle of the fire seemed to deafen them with its cacophony. Silently, they slipped into a dreamless void of night, hoping the morning might, however doubtful, bring with it light and life. Carelessly the fire droned on, lending a little comfort to the Ranger's shivering bones as he sat on watch, waiting for the slightest movement in the obscure black holes that represented the bushes that kept them hidden. The gnarled edges of the trees appeared stark, as though they would attack in the grey of his night-vision. Slowly, night crept around them, pushing into the crevices of the trees, and sinking into their pores. Legolas drifted unconsciously into a deep, well needed sleep, devoid of dreams and his mind as black and empty as the air around them. He heard nothing; he saw nothing. Darkness approaches The Elf's bright eyes did not long hide the scene from him, as he awoke, fitfully, from his engulfing sleep. For a moment he felt he had forgotten all, his mind had been so empty, for it seemed as though the world and all his memories had been scraped from within. Coming back from so far his senses seemed dulled; the fog surrounding him entrenched in his thoughts. He remembered the silence first, but what was it he should have heard? There was nothing. Stretching, then in panic, he realised he had slept too long, he should have begun his watch before this, knowing that Aragorn had not slept properly for days, and needed more sleep than he did. Yesterday exhaustion had hit the man and his body, so strong in comparison to those of his fellow men, filled with the power of the west of Numenor took much longer to succumb, but succumb he nearly had. Perhaps that was where they had erred, they had relied too much on the strength of the man to last, forgetting that though he lived alongside the elves, appearing much of the time indistinguishable his body in the end would fail him, as all human kind. The silence, even in the eaves of the trees overwhelmed him as he realised he could truly hear nothing… not even…. no it was not possible… the ranger's heartbeat was missing, and he could not hear the regular breathing or slight movement, only evident to sensitive ears such as his. Even Aragorn, who could fade in silence into the shadows, and track for many miles appearing only as a gust of wind behind you in the sound he made could not hide like this, not from his friend. Now wide awake, his eyes searched out his friend's form in the mist and mirk but there was nothing. His heart, trembled and beat faster, giving him a slight feeling of breathlessness, and he was aware of how alone he was in the glade. But… the man could not have disappeared without his awareness… and surely if he had been taken he would have left his weapons. In the dim light, even Legolas eyes, tired as they were struggled painfully to part the shadows. He was gone and there was no sign. Frightened though he was by the strange turn of events, Legolas, ever cautious, refused yet to leave, to run and panic. If his friend returned and found him gone he would be more concerned, he could not leave Aragorn to the wilds, to fend for himself, it was his job to protect hope, and he intended to do so. Besides it would be folly to move in this heavy, crushing darkness, he could be further lost and even an elf would see naught. He shifted, laid his back against the tree, which had served as the pillow of his friend, allowing the slight twinge of the roots in the back to force his mind to stay awake. His lamp like eyes watched the empty darkness and he listened, waiting for first, light. But he did not remember, he did not remember when they came. Dawn The world was black, then there were flashing, blurred colours, as though he had squinted for too long…. And then it was black again. As a wave of conscious thought hit him Aragorn writhed with pain, thoughts shouldn't feel like this, but his brain seemed to have been shaken inside his head. His vision blurred and he felt as lost as he had in the forest; lost within his own motionless body. His head seemed to float somewhere detached from his spine and he could not orient himself. Trying to move his hands, he winced with pain, as he found them tied cruelly behind his back, the ropes burned and he let them droop. Somehow he forced his eyes to focus and found himself kneeling in the half light, his waist, hands and feet constricted tightly by ropes that ground into his skin and burned when he moved. His head was fuzzy and the pain pounded his brains until he saw only colours. His back ached viciously and there was nothing for him to lean against… where was his tree? Where was his friend? As he slowly focused through the pain, he found he could not recognise the hidden grove in which he now swayed. He was surrounded by menacing bushes that seemed to have crowded round him, but not for protection. Instead their thorns pointed menacingly into the centre of the thicket, forcing him into the middle. He was alone. Legolas was gone…. Had he left him, straining his aching head to remember Aragorn knew he had no recollection of whither lay his friend. Of one thing he was certain, Legolas had always vowed to protect the life of the hope of Middle Earth and Aragorn had placed the volume of trust in the protection and friendship of his loyal companion. The pain in his head throbbed, as though he had been held under water for too long and he could not quite catch his breath. In thirst, his tongue explored his lips, hoping for any sign of moisture, what it found was the bite of cloth cutting off his breath, it tasted slightly of metal and he suspected the gag to be covered in blood. Finding himself so totally alone, his body aching from his bonds, unexplainably sharply in his left side, Aragorn tried, in panic, to flee. All he felt; was a tightening of his constraints, the knots forcing themselves ever further into his skin, scarring his wrists and constricting his breathing. The heir of Isildur, a solitary ranger, had for most of his adult life wandered the Earth, searching for the spreading evil, the lengthening shadow released by the return of Sauron but this was a different kind of alone, he had no control, no power…, in this state what could he do? The surge of panic and jerked movement caused his vision to blur again, and the screen of pain within his head, slowly reclaimed his senses. He heard a noise behind him, tried to turn, gasped from the pain in his side and fell back into the void of darkness. Lost Pushing back the branches that threatened to carve his skin, the branches that seemed intent on hampering his movement, Legolas moved forwards, breathtakingly slowly. He had not been meant to find his way through these trees. Perhaps even they had formed an alliance against him, the stubborn branches refusing to be pushed aside. The morning had arrived and there was nothing; no sign of his friend; no whisper in the trees of his movement. In the grim light of the haggard day (morn had not come without