Kian Malfoy sighed heavily after checking his watch. Ten fifty three and still no sign of his family; he and his mother's had arrived at Platform 9 and ¾ almost a half hour ago. He had seen all of his cousins, his friends, his grandparents and even several teachers arrive and still no sign of his father, sisters and brother. "They'll be here." Jenna rolled her eyes and tried to smooth down his hair but to no avail; it was always a mess. Platinum blonde and constantly looking like he had just rolled out of bed. Kian towered over both of his mother's, but Jenna – or MJ as he called her, was the closest in height. "This is Jade's first year. They're not gonna be late." Dominique muttered, checking the platform carefully as she always did. Kian knew that her hand was clenched around her wand, hidden inside her jacket pocket. His own wand was easily accessible, inside his own jacket; out of his four parents, two of them were Auror's and one of them was the daughter of Harry Potter – he and his siblings were skilled in self-defence before they could spell their own names. "Here they are." Jenna nodded behind Kian's shoulder; he turned and let out a sigh of relief when he saw his father's head above everybody else's. Lily was by his side, pushing Jade's trolly as she clung to their father's arms. He saw Safie and Sienna pushing their own trunks, glancing around them with cool, uncaring glances. The twins were behind them; they'd placed both of their trunks on one trolley and Seth was running with it, Silver standing on the top laughing loudly as she tried to stay upright. Kian narrowed his eyes when he counted his siblings; Safie, Sienna, Silver, Seth and Jade were all there . . . but where was Casey? "Sorry we're late." Lily smiled and put the break on Jade's trunk. "The twins decided to see who could last the longest flying upside down this morning. In case you wondering, the winner was Seth. Silver was throwing up for an hour afterwards." "Only because he put a puking pastille in my pumpkin juice!" Silver said as she jumped from the two trunks and easily landed on her feet. "Where's Casey?" Jenna asked the question that Kian was going to ask. "She extended her trip with Scott." Scorpius answered. "She should be here any minute." Kian let out an annoyed sigh; he needed to speak to Casey before they all got on the train! She'd left for a summer abroad with her father as he toured the world and for the past month she hadn't replied to any of his letters, phone calls or those stupid electronic letters that Safie showed him how to use. "What's got your wand in a knot?" Sienna scowled at him. "Nothing! I just wanted to speak to Case before we left." He shrugged, scowling back at his sister. "Excited for your last year, Kiwi?" Safie teased him, using the name that the elder members of his family called him. He always hated that the first initials of his first and middle name spelled out 'Kiwi' and when Safie pointed it out when she was four years old his parents, aunts and uncles, grandparents and great-grandparents stuck to it. His Great-Grandma Molly always sent him homemade Kiwi flavoured sweets for his birthday. "Ecstatic." He muttered. A commotion from the other side of the platform caught his attention – and his parents'. He saw his mother and father slyly pull their wands out as Lily and MJ's eyes strayed over his brother and sisters. It was a girl; he couldn't see who she was because her head was lowered. She was tall, dark-skinned and had a hair full of wild, jet-black curls which danced down her back. She was wearing short shorts, which showed off her long, shapely legs. Her flat, toned stomach was on display too thanks to the crop-top she wore. He saw something sparkle on her stomach and guessed at a belly-button ring. "Finally." Scorpius muttered, putting his wand away. "What – Casey?" Kian gasped when he saw the girl heading their way. Her father was walking behind her, with his security team following with her luggage. "Sorry we're late!" Scott muttered, handing Casey her backpack when they got to their group. Casey hugged her mother and step-father, not noticing the look that Kian was giving her. "There was a huge crowd at the entrance to the train station –" "What on earth are you wearing?" he yelled – louder than he intended. Casey looked at him with a shocked expression on her face before she took in what he was saying. "Erm, clothes?" she scowled back – the only expression that she could pull that made her look like all her sisters. "Hey Jadey! Wanna sit with me on the train?" she arched an eyebrow at Kian, daring him to go any farther before turning to her youngest sister. "Excited for the boat ride?" Kian glared while Casey and the others wished Jade good luck. He ignored the glances from Scott and his father, the warning looks from his mother and Lily and the smirk from MJ. He helped Scott and Scorpius put his sister's and Seth's trunks on the train and hugged all of his parents goodbye. "Look after the girls, Kiwi." Scorpius whispered in his ear before clapping him on the shoulder. "Just don't –" "Don't let Safie know I'm looking after her. Got it." He nodded to his father before helping his youngest sister on to the train. "Saf, Casey head straight to the prefects meeting." He told his sisters, pulling at the jacket that was round his waist and tossing it to Casey. "Mind covering up? You're a prefect, look like it." He muttered, ignoring the looks from the parents. "Just because I'm not Safie or Sienna it does not mean I'll let you treat me like a child!" Casey hissed. Kian rolled his eyes but smirked when she put the jacket on and zipped it up. "See you all at Christmas!" she muttered before storming away. Safie laughed as she watched her usually calm sister walk away. "What on earth is wrong with you?" she arched a perfectly shaped blonde eyebrow at her brother. "It's not like you're her brother or anything." She pointed out before walking in the same direction her sister went. Kian ignored the usual jibe and said his goodbyes to his parents, told the twins to behave during the train ride and promised Jade he'd come and see her when it was time to put her robes on. # # # Sitting down next to Tyler Montague in the Slytherin side of the prefect compartment, Safie gave her sister a smirk. "What's his damn problem?" Casey fumed from the Gryffindor side. Every single year the compartment got divided by the four houses; the Slytherin's dominated the left side, the Ravenclaw's next followed by the Hufflepuff's and then the Gryffindor's on the far right. "I don't know. He's been looking for you for the past few days. Might have a birthday gift or something." Safie shrugged before turning to her boyfriend. Since there was only the three of them in the compartment, Safie let Tyler kiss her. She let the kiss grow a bit before she pulled back and smiled at him. "Miss me?" she asked quietly. "Always." Tyler smiled down at her; despite Safie being the tallest girl in their house, Tyler was almost a foot taller than her. "You haven't got your badges on." He pointed out, tapping her chest lightly. Rolling her eyes, Safie pulled her prefect badge and her Quidditch captain badge out of her pocket; she saw Casey doing the same thing on the other side of the compartment. As the train began to pick up speed and move out of the station, the prefects began to slowly trail into the compartment; as usual the Ravenclaw sixth year Elle Fitzgerald gave Safie a filthy glance as she passed her. "Right, so we're all here –" "Well done, Malfoy." The seventh year prefect, Richard Fitzgerald snorted. Everybody knew that there was some vendetta going on between Richard and Kian but nobody knew why. They both had a lot of younger siblings, both had a sister starting this year and both of them hated the other. The Fitzgerald's hated the Malfoy's so the Malfoy's hated the Fitzgerald's. Safie tried to stay out of it until Elle tried to hex Sienna in her first year. Second year Safie interfered and Elle was in the hospital wing for a week while Madam Pomfrey tried to rid her of the human sized bogeys coming out of her nostrils. "Not now, Fitzgerald." Kian waved him off. "So we're to instruct you all on your roles as prefects. You're basically to patrol the train, the castle and the older prefects have to do the grounds. You can deduct house points from other students, aside from other prefects. Detentions and other punishments are also yours to give out. The detentions you assign need referring back to your head of house." He trailed off. "Professor Chang also implemented a new rule. Prefects of the same house aren't allowed to patrol together. This new rule is to stop house prefects from letting their house getting away with breaking the rules." "A schedule with your new partners will be sent to you tonight once the headmistress has approved it." The Head Girl, Amelia Chase, told everybody. "Who's patrolling the train today?" Tyler asked. "Erm . . . Dallas and Denver can do it." Kian looked at Amelia who shrugged one shoulder and nodded her head. Dallas and Denver Potter – the Malfoy kids' cousins both glared at their elder cousin. Dallas was the new prefect for Gryffindor whilst Denver was chosen to represent Slytherin house. The two were completely identical; they both liked to wear the same clothes so the only thing that was showing who they were was the colouring on the badges. Denver had a green background with a silver 'P' and Dallas had a maroon background with a golden 'P.' Safie stopped paying attention when they began assigning passwords and informing the fifth years on more boring rules and regulations. She couldn't stop thinking of the letter that her grandfather Draco put in her hand last night when her parents weren't looking. She knew that she was the closest to her grandfather Draco and she has interned for him for two months this summer. She didn't learn anything that she didn't already know. Safie had been interested in the Malfoy businesses since she was ten years old; she wasn't stupid and she certainly wasn't naïve enough to not know that she was the legitimate Malfoy heir. Kian wasn't legitimate and Casey wasn't even a Malfoy – that left Safie as the next oldest to inherit everything when her grandfather passed. When she was thirteen, she overheard her grandparents and parents discussing her grandparents' wills. Scorpius wanted Draco to leave the businesses to Kian as the eldest male, but Draco said that old Malfoy magical law said it had to go to the next legitimate heir. Scorpius argued that it should be Seth next, since he was abdicating from the inheritance and Kian wasn't allowed. Safie remembered grinning with pride when her grandfather said what he did. " Safie is the most Malfoy-like child you have. She's my heir and she's getting everything I have." She wondered again what was in the letter – instructions? A thanks for helping over the summer? A gift? "Safie? The meeting is over now." Tyler touched her arm gently. "The guys have a compartment, come on." # # # Sienna dropped her luggage in the compartment with her cousin Demetrius; she lied to him and said she was going to find some of her friends and Kian said he'd