Introduction The goal of this story was not entirely to write about Foxface and her experience in the arena. The goal was for me to work on my narrative skills and to try to get used to writing in a third person limited point of view. This made it very challenging for me to write because instead of the usual first person "I did", I said", "I felt", etc. I had to rely a lot more on imagery. The arena forces much more inner monologue, and with third person limited point of view, and Foxface as the main character, it forces me to write in the style that I want to write my actual book. Again, this story and these characters are not mine. They are Suzanne Collins. If you haven't read her trilogy, I suggest you do so before reading this. Foxface is my favorite opponent in The Hunger Games series primarily because of how Katniss perceived her. While writing this I kept true to all of the events that happened in the Hunger Games – not just what Katniss observed of Foxface's actions, but also what Katniss experienced in the arena (e.g.: how many days were spent in it, what the weather was like, etc.). I did use several lines from the book to make the story a little more interesting. I also tried to stay as true to the Foxface character as possible. I also added a few traits that I believed she would have as well. The beauty of writing for Foxface is that the writer has a lot of artistic freedom as well. I've done some reading of Foxface fan fiction as well to see how other writers view her as a character and what backgrounds they have given her. Though I haven't read all of them, I would like to think that my interpretation of her is somewhat novel (no pun intended). If you wish to read a good first person point of view story on Foxface, read "A Fox's View". I really think that author does a great job of keeping true to the Foxface character, and the story is pretty close to the book. I would also like to address that I did not go off of anything that was in the movie other than that which was actually in the book. For example, in the movie Foxface's real name is Finch. Also she has one line ithe movie supposedly, but I left it out. I decided th her name is Roisin because I don't like the name Finch. Also I am not entirely fond of the quote. I don't think Suzanne Collins would have cared either way. In any event, this will probably be a hard read as opposed to the original because of its point of view. Feel free to criticize it because I'm going to need as much of it as possible in order for me to write my own book. Again, I tried to stay true to the character and the story's timeline as much as possible. So I hope you enjoy it. M. G. E. Herman The Vixen from District Five Part I – A Blind Destiny Chapter 1 – It Began With a Choice The short, red haired teen clutched the diamond necklace and escaped from the jewelry store expeditiously and gracefully in the dark and cloudy the night. The alarm set off alerting the Peacekeepers that trouble was brewing in the area of the store. She quickly stuffed the necklace in the right pocket of her dark blue jeans which was matched by a black long-sleeved shirt and black tennis shoes. The teen quickly jumped in a garbage bin nearby and waited for the men in white uniforms to rush by. Making certain that they all had passed her, she slowly got out, minimizing the sound as much as she could. The route had been planned in her mind weeks before the heist. She accounted for every single variable that would come into play, right down to where she had to be at a specified time. At one minute and three seconds, the redhead scaled a gate that took her down the alley nearby. Pacing herself so that she'd have the right amount of energy saved up, the redhead briefly stopped and hid in the shadows of the alley. She hunched down near a large cardboard box, counted to sixteen, and then two more Peacekeepers raced by, like she knew they would. She waited eleven more seconds and then scurried lightly across the street and into another alley. The teen made sure that she would avoid the orange light given off by the street lamps as much as possible. When she made it further down the alley, she hunched down again and waited for two more Peacekeepers to go by. These were not aware she abscond the necklace a short while ago, so the redhead waited twenty-eight seconds for them to pass. Then she took a left and briskly ran alongside the buildings. After making it down two blocks she took a quick right across the street ran past a building, and then turned right into another dark alley a quarter down the block. The teen caught her breath and waited thirty-four seconds for two Peacekeepers to pass by. She then waited an additional twelve seconds, got out of the alley from where she entered and turned left. This time she was doing a full on sprint and made short, quick breaths. She then ran down three blocks. Halfway down the third block, she crossed the street and went straight into an alley. Then the she pressed up against a wooden fence that separated the alley in half. She listened for the faint sound of two Peacekeepers to walk by. Something was wrong. They walked by five seconds sooner than she thought they would. This threw off the redhead's entire calculations, and she had no idea when to act again. She panicked and wondered if she should wait for the Peacekeepers to walk by again. Then the teen wondered if the other Peacekeepers would stay at their pace, or if they were off as well. She wasn't exactly sure what to do. She looked behind her and saw a metal staircase against a brick apartment building. The teen wondered if she should take the risk and climb it. It might make too much noise, but if she could make it to the roof, she could try to figure out another route. So, she sat down and froze. "Come on, Roisin. You've done things like this before." she thought. Then she paused again and thought, "But this time the cost of failure is much higher." Roisin had never been caught in her entire life of thievery. She started stealing when she was seven-years-old. It began with small things like candy. Then as the she grew older, the price of the items increased. This however, was the most valuable item she had stolen. It was the only diamond necklace in District 5, and once she became aware of it, the girl knew she had to come up with a plan before someone would buy it. This was more than the petty theft she was used to. Roisin reasoned that the stairs would be too loud, and so she waited for the Peacekeepers to walk by again, hoping that the others would be walking according to how she had timed it out. When the footsteps went by she counted to six, scaled the fence and then counted to seventeen. From there she turned left and then went down two blocks. But before turning left into another alley Roisin heard from behind her, "Hey! Stop! You're violating curfew!" "No!" Roisin thought as she went down the alley as quickly as possible hearing the Peacekeepers chasing her with a longer stride. She overheard one of them alert other Peacekeepers about her presence, and then she turned right down the street. Roisin's home was six blocks down and eight blocks to the right. Her heart raced rapidly, estimating that the percentage of success would now be twenty-two and decreasing every second as more Peacekeepers would try to catch up with her. Roisin was mad at herself because she thought that all of the variables were counted for. Worse yet, she did not have a backup plan because that would involve even more things to take into account. So as she was sprinting, she looked down each alley trying to see if there was something that would obstruct the Peacekeepers' vision. Finally halfway down the fifth block she looked right when she noticed that it had a wooden fence for her to scale. So, she ran down the alley, jumped over it and heard the Peacekeepers behind her run past the alley. Roisin was relieved and quietly caught her breath. But she wasn't certain where the other Peacekeepers were coming from. They all couldn't be after her because there had to be a few of them guarding other parts of the city, she reasoned. Roisin realized that her house was now one and one-half block to her left and still eight blocks in front of her. She heard footsteps getting closer to the side of the alley that she was in, so she scaled the small fence again. Two Peacekeepers paused for a moment near the alley. "I'll check the alley. You keep going down the street, got it?" commanded one of them. "Yes, sir!" replied the other. "Trapped!" thought Roisin. She tried to come up with a plan as the man slowly got closer. She didn't think that running would be that great of an idea because it would alert the man of her presence just as much as staying in the alley would be. Then something came to her. Roisin reasoned that she could try to make it so that the Peacekeeper would be prone and knocked out. Then she would scale the fence again and sprint down several of the eight blocks that were left in front of her. The Peacekeeper jumped over the fence with slight caution, and he stepped on Roisin's back. "Woah!" he yelled, as Roisin quickly used her body weight to cause him to fall forward as she stood up. The Peacekeeper fell on his face, and she scaled the fence quickly. Roisin didn't hear if the Peacekeeper informed the others of her whereabouts. She didn't have much time to think about that. Crossing the street, she was now in the residential part of the city, in which there was more open space and variations of places to hide. Roisin was slightly familiar with her surroundings, but not to the point where she could come up with a safe route back to her house. When she got to six blocks away from her home Roisin saw a tree in front yard of a dark blue house that would be easy to climb and hide in for a few moments. So Roisin jumped up and did her best to climb up as high as possible. It was mid-Summer, so there were plenty of leaves to hide her. The lights were out inside the house, and Roisin felt safe for the moment. She wondered how much longer she should wait in the tree and if she was safe from the Peacekeepers. She reasoned that they must know roughly where she is, but whether or not to look up the tree where she was well hidden was a different story. So Roisin thought that she was currently three blocks away from a much more recognizable neighborhood. All she had to do was sprint towards that area when the time had come. After waiting for three minutes and forty-eight seconds, Roisin descended the tree and scurried across the three blocks where she came to a white house that she recognized. She went to the backyard and jumped the fence which had some red rose bushes mixed with pink and