"Did you just use the word bae?" - Someone Aaaaand then I fell down some rocks. I just wanted to start off by saying and. My Grade 6 English teacher, whom detested me thoroughly, would always give me lectures about how it was wrong to begin a sentence with the word and. Hence, this brilliant tale of mine - brilliant due to it being the STORY OF MAH LIFE would begin as an act of rebellion against Ms. Hemisphere. No, that wasn't her real name. I don't remember it. I just remember that she was so big that she had her own hemisphere. And moving on from that, we're going back onto track. So, yeah. I fell down some rocks. It wasn't my fault. Really. Swear to God. Scout's honour. Pinkie promise. Like, I wasn't even being clumsy or anything. To be honest, I'm not as clumsy as one might think considering my blatantly awkward persona of a character. No, I just was standing at the top of some pretty small hill that lead to what was known as First Beach. Why it was called a beach was beyond me because there's only so much sand and no sun. Not that I enjoy either of those. I'm just saying… This place didn't give off the summer vibe teenage girls post on their Instagrams. But I couldn't do much of a stand there with hands on hips as main character stares off into the distance, evaluating their surroundings and describe it in large paragraphs. Because, you know, I fell down some rocks. "Ouch! Christ! Ow! Holy MARY MOTHER OF GOD - OW!" Was somewhat along the lines of dialogue that came pouring out of my mouth. " Jesus - WHEN DO THESE ROCKS STOP?!" Eventually, I stopped falling down and just landed on grass. You heard me - grass. Not sand. Grass. "Cameron?" I cringed. Not out of the pain, which there was a lot of, but rather hearing my name. It was name that belonged to a boy. I, despite what my mum would tell you, am not one. And I refused to be referred to as Cammie. Like, no. Back away. I'd rather be mistaken for a boy than - just no. "I meant to do that on purpose." I said to whoever had spoken to me. I heard footsteps rush over to me and I opened one eye to find the person I had come here to find. "Ah, mon amie! The girl with the misspelt name!" "My name is spelt correctly." Rachel Black sassed back to me, gracing me with an eye roll. She offered me a hand I gratefully took it. Then used it to pull her down. "That's what you get for blasphemy." I said, referring to her earlier statement. THE NAME RACHAEL IS SUPPOSED TO BE SPELT WITH AN 'A' PEOPLE. Then, seeing the opportunity present itself, I added; "And for leaving me." "I graduated." Rachel said, sitting up and dusting herself. "You still left me." I said, crossing my arms. "We were supposed to get an apartment in Venice. I was going to start smoking so I could be like those cool girls who actually look attractive when they smoke and you were going to be a painter!" Rachel gave me a look. "I don't paint?" "Well you won't now." I said, sass turning up to the max. "Now you go back to La Push and fall in love with some… dude. Leaving me all by myself! Hell, I thought you hated this place. I mean, I had to listen to you complain and talk about how there is no future there and blah blah blah then boom! You're all 'know what, I'mma live there!' Like alright. Kay. Thanks. Just forget all about ya best friend. " "I didn't forget about you?!" Rachel exasperated. "I've literally called you everyday." "And cost me a fortune! Like I don't know what's costed more - my university tuition or calling your dumbass cause oh, she's overseas now! Pfft. All that money for you." "I literally always paid when we went out." Rachel said. I raised an eyebrow to her and flipped my hair, channelling my inner Beyoncé as I delivered my next line of; "And I paid you back by blessing your ratchet, ungrateful ass with my presence." "Excuse me?!" I blinked and saw a giant. A pissed off giant. A tanned skin, cropped black haired giant who seemed quite annoyed with me. I gave him a look, "You're excused? You may leave the beach now? Like, what you want from me? Sorry but last I checked I ain't wearing some Pamela Anderson lifeguard outfit but for your sake, Imma check again." I looked down at my clothes which consisted of some variation of clothing, none of which was a bright orange swimsuit. "Yeah, nah. Sorry buddy. Still, you're excused to leave the beach. Glad you asked my permission and all but don't think I'll hold your hand and walk you home." Rachel just let out a laugh got up to thread her hand with the gentlemen in front of me. "Cam this is my boyfriend, Paul Lahote. Paul meet my former University of London roommate and best friend, Cameron Santiago." At this, her boyfriend seemed to calm down and his eyes light up with… recognition. "Oh! Rachel's told me all about you!" His statement made me jump and point an accusing finger at Rachel. "Jesus fuck, Rach! Why would you do that? I wanted to threaten him to the point of making him run away not make him run away just by knowing me." I paused. "Wait, do you want to ditch him? Oh! That makes so much sense. You told him about your crazy friend so he'd leave you alone. Well mister, prepare to meet your maker cause boy have I got a speech for you!" Rachel's eyes went wide like mine did before as she realised what I was about to do, "Cam don't-" "Uh, uh. You left me. Give me this one!" I told her, holding up a finger. She gave me a deadpanning look which I ignored. I turned my attention back onto the very confused looking boy in front of me. "I you ever hurt her, I will kill you. If you ever cheat on her, I will kill you. If you ever so much as get angry with her - even if she is in the wrong - I will kill you. If you ever make her sad or she sheds a tear because of you - hell, if she ever sheds a tear in your presence, cause you two were, like, watching a sad movie or something - I will kill you." I paused. "You know what, if she ever feels any emotion by sheer joy and happiness around you - " "Let me guess," Paul interrupted, "you'll kill me?" I narrowed my eyes at his amusement. He thought I was joking? HAHA - THINK AGAIN SUCKER! "Bitch, I am Liam - fucking - Neeson. Do not mess with me. My father is a cop and has a gun. Well he's a mall cop. Security guard. But he's got… a licence for one. Still! He could get one. And I could take that off him and bang bang! Bro, just ask Rach how good I am at Call of Duty." "You never play Call of Duty." Rachel said. "That's because, I'm, like, so good. That it'd be unfair for everyone else. Like, who was playing. Cause I would get those kills. Don't mess me with, son. Don't be a fool. I'm Mr. T!" I held up my hand to make a T sign. "See that! Pity the fool! I pity you cause you're considered a fool… " Wait for it... "-Cause I dropped out of high school." I had to. I could not just leave a potential Biggie lyric go by. Well, I actually tried to set it up just so I could say it but eh, same thing. "Biggie? Really?" Paul asked, raising an eyebrow. He looked at Rachel. "Wow, she really is everything you said." "What?" I asked, "She said I'm a boss who gon' mess you up!" With that, I slapped my chest like those gangstas did when they were looking for a fight. "Respect! Don't mess with me. I got up to red belt in karate !" Making rapid hand gestures with the last bit. I jumped around, punching the air, kicking the air, all round demolishing the air. Then I tripped over a rock. "Are you done?" Rachel asked, sounding quite done herself. It was a tone I couldn't describe but had received often from people who had dealt with me and my 'shenanigans.' The last word a quote from my mother. I think it's just her jealousy of how she can't be as cool as her daughter. Yeah, that's it. "Yeah." I said, taking the hand that Paul offered. "I've given Paul the Wine Guy here all my threats. And he's still here. So I think we're safe to say that he's either very stupid. Or a keeper." Paul smiled at me. I smiled back, but then my face dropped. "Don't think this means I like you. You like the stuffing in Oreos!" Paul blinked and opened his mouth. Then he closed it. Then he became a fish by how many times he repeated opening and closing his mouth. He looked at Rachel with a face that screamed out for an answer. She just shook her head and explained that she had "told Cam about it during one of their phone calls." "You disgust me." I said. And then slapped the side of his head. "Cam!" Rachel called out. "You can't go about slapping people!" "He isn't a person. His a monster! What kind of SICK BASTARD likes the white part of an Oreo! Do you KIDNAP BABIES TOO?!" With that, I realised other people were on this beach as well. I don't know why I was surprised - this is a public place - but the fact that these people on the beach had just heard me yell at Paul for being a sick bastard who may also kidnap babies wasn't a terrific idea. Especially considering they were all staring at me. And they all looked like Paul. Meaning they might side with him. Meaning I was done for. And I can't run up those rocks. Aaaaand the zombie apocalypse begins. Except, this time, I wasn't chased away by a group of people for my weirdness. No, rather, Rachel slung an arm around my shoulder and guided me towards them. "Rachel." I began. "I just called your boyfriend a sick bastard and accused him of kidnapping children. Do you really want me to meet anymore of your friends." "Eh." She shrugged. "They'll hopefully see how you're weird you are and get why you did that." "Oh." I said. "That makes sense." I turned around to Paul. "For the record, the fact that you picked up I was quoting a Biggie song makes up for your horrible taste in cookies." I paused. "If only you can name what song from what album from what year." Paul gave me a look. At first, I thought it was the usual, weirded out one I received. Then he said, "Juicy. First track from Notorious B.I.G's ' Ready To Die.' 1994." I stopped, halting Rachel and Paul's movements also. I held out my fist to Paul who just stared at it. I rolled my eyes, "Bro, ever heard of a fist bump. Like don't make me take it back." Paul fist bumped me, rolling his eyes in the process. "And I'mma ignore the fact that you rolled your eyes cause we fist bumped and that means were brothers now." "Yeah, you either get the fist bump, or the punch." Rachel said, she bumped Paul's said in that living way couples do. "Be glad." "Oh hell no!"