I'm not good with setting but know this is around the Victorian era in some alternate world where gay couples were accepted. "Lou Ellen, is Will home yet?" The maid looked up from where she was dusting the parlor. "No, master Nico. He is still at work." He nodded in acknowledgement and Lou Ellen gave him her mystical smile before returning to her work. Nico wandered out of the room starting to feel a slight itching feeling somewhere deep inside. The walls seemed lean in towards him, making the room seem unusually warm and stuffy. He wished his husband would come home. Dr. Solace had just set his papers down on his desk when Nico wandered into his office wearing nothing but his pale pink silk nightgown and matching robe. Will smiled and stood up, going over to kiss his husband's cheek. "Hello dear, I was just coming to greet you. Sorry I came home so late." Nico smiled languidly. "Your hours are too long." He was preoccupied with that chaste kiss. It left a strange sensation in him. Will laughed softly. "Yes, can't say I don't agree with you there. How've you been, darling?" Nico was distracted by the proximity of Will's body and the arms holding his in an almost embrace. "Not well. I've been feeling strange all morning…" he answered hazily. Will's eyebrows furrowed in soft concern. "Strange?" he asked, his doctor eyes already roving over his beloved's body trying to find anything wrong. Nico's eyes were a little dazed but besides that there was nothing. "Mmh," Nico hummed in assent, eyes closing. He'd been waiting for his husband to return all day, somehow sensing he would feel better once he was home. Now that he was so close to him, Nico felt the outside world starting to recede around them. Will was going to ask for further clarification when to his utter astonishment, Nico swooned right into his arms. "Nico!" Will cried in alarm, catching him immediately. The boy didn't respond, his pale lavender eyelids remaining closed. He had fainted, Will could determine that. "Lou! Cecil! Get in here, now!" he called. They rushed in looking worried and then shocked as they spotted Nico in Will's arms. "Oh dear! What happened?" Lou Ellen asked, already moving towards her master. "He fainted, I don't know why. I'm taking him upstairs. Cecil, prepare the bed and Lou Ellen bring me a fresh damp cloth." They nodded and hurried to do as he bid. Will looked down worriedly into his husband's face. He didn't know what was wrong with his Nico but he was the best doctor in town and damned if he wasn't going to find out. Cradling him to his chest, Will made his way upstairs. Nico woke up to a cold damp cloth on his forehead and a hand holding his. He opened his eyes, immediately spotting his worried husband sitting in a chair by his bedside. "Thank god, you're awake." Will looked profoundly relieved and raised his hand to kiss his, still not letting go. "Will," he croaked. "Shh, drink this first." Will handed a cold glass of water which he drank gladly. The liquid was refreshingly cool. "How do you feel?" Nico considered. He was dismayed to find that the strange itching feeling remained but had lessened thankfully. It had grown increasingly throughout the day until he was finally with Will again. But now he felt… "Heavy, sort of like I've got a fever. And sluggish definitely." He didn't want to move. The prospect of getting up was too much work and Nico simply wanted to continue laying in bed under the covers. His energy was completely depleted. As for feverish, well he did feel strangely hot and burning inside him. The sensation seemed similar to having a fever. "What happened?" he asked Will who was laying his hand on his forehead. "Well you fainted right out of the blue. Thankfully I caught you and brought you to rest here. Now you don't feel like you've got a temperature. But I recall you telling me you were feeling strange all morning." Will retracted his hand. "Care to elaborate?" "Oh." Nico's eyebrows furrowed as he thought back. "I have been feeling strange." He proceeded to tell him about the itching and burning feeling trying to describe it accurately. Will frowned as he listened intently. "Any other symptoms?" Will had slipped into doctor mode. Nico supposed he was his patient now. "I feel really weak," he admitted. "But besides that, no, none that I've noticed." Will sighed. "Well, I don't know what's wrong with you. If it's an illness, it's yet to show any symptoms. We'll just have to wait and see. For now, you're just going to get plenty of fluids and I'll open the window to let in some air. Our cook, Kayla is making a nutritious broth downstairs that's sure to bring back your vitality. Now do you want to eat it here or down at the dining table?" "Err-" Nico deliberated. He really didn't feel up to getting out of bed and walking downstairs. Even the thought was draining. "Downstairs, I think," Will decided, blue eyes narrowed in consideration. "The exercise would do you good." Nico sighed and pushed the covers off. Warm as he felt, the heavy weight of the blankets had been reassuring. "Help me?" he asked quietly. Will obliged, taking one arm to help him get out of bed. Nico found himself leaning against him, relying on his husband's strength. They slowly made their way downstairs. Will hovered protectively close, ready to catch him if he fell. Thankfully, that need didn't arise though Nico did feel much more tired after that brief exertion. "Here you go, sweetie. Nice and hot," Kayla said as she ladled the steaming broth into his silver dish. "Thank you, Kayla," Nico muttered. The dinner smelled delicious but Nico was more distracted by the strange (there's that word again) disappointment he felt at Will having to move away to sit at the other end of the table. Ridiculous as it was, he felt sad at being so far away from him even if it was only a table's length away. Will watched Nico worriedly and observed how he picked up his spoon with delicate fingers and dipped it into the liquid in front of him. He was concerned about Nico's health; in all the time he'd known him, he had never had a fainting spell before. Will decided privately that if it happened again, he was going get a consultation. In the meantime, he would arrange for Lou Ellen to stick close by him at all times. That way, he could be assured his love was looked after while he was at work. That night, Nico lay in bed with Will's arms wrapped around him and reflected how this was the best he'd felt all day. Yet, even still, as warm and comfortable as he felt, the itching feeling persisted. It was as if he… longed for something… more. Nico burrowed deeper into Will's embrace and tried to forget the feeling. "Do you have to go to work?" Gah. The question he'd been holding back all morning finally slipped out. Will paused in the act of putting on his coat. "The Foster's daughter is bedridden with cough; it might be pertussis. I have to try to help darling, you know that." Will was a doctor who made house calls for very rich families. The guilt surged back in Nico. He knew other people were sick and dying but he couldn't help wanting Will to just stay at home with him. The temptation to ask anyway had been too great. "No, I know of course. I'm just… I'm going to miss you." Will smiled indulgently. "And I you. Don't worry. Lou Ellen will take good care of you and I'll be home in a few short hours." Nico couldn't shake the hunch he wouldn't be able to last those few short hours. "Okay." He kissed his husband's cheek. "See you soon." True to his word, Will came home early that day. He had thought anxiously about Nico the entire time they were apart. Wondering if his condition had worsened, wondering if he had passed out again. So it was with a touch of apprehension that he called his name the moment he entered the house. The response was immediate. A blur hurtled around the corner and knocked him back against the door. "Will!" He laughed. "Hey there, sweetheart. I missed you too." He kissed the crown of the boy's messy black hair while enveloping him in his arms. Now that he could see him properly, Nico's eyes seemed just as hazy as yesterday's and he now sported a faint red flush on his normally pale white cheeks. "Missed you is an understatement," Nico muttered before pressing their lips together in a deep kiss. Surprised but delighted, Will kissed him back but had to be the one to end it as he had some more important things to ask. "How are you feeling?" He searched deep in the brown eyes. "Okay I guess. The same," he replied more interested in continuing that kiss Will had just broken off. "Mmh." Will detached him again. "What's gotten into you today?" Nico bit his lip, lowering his eyes to the blonde's chest. "I don't know, I just… missed you." He wrapped his arms around his husband's neck and buried his face against his shoulder. Will nearly cooed. His Nico was just so adorable. He wrapped his arms around the boy's narrow waist. "Well do you have any intention of letting me go today? I have to get to my office," Will remarked with amusement. "No," Nico replied petulantly. Will snorted good naturedly. "Well all right then." He lifted the younger boy off the ground and Nico immediately wrapped his legs around his waist to accommodate. Will carried him away. Kayla prepared another hearty and nutritious meal for dinnertime but Will's thoughts were far from the delicious dish in front of him. Or rather not that far. His attention was completely absorbed by all the Nico over him. The beautiful raven haired boy was sitting on his lap, arms wrapped around his shoulders and lips sucking on his neck. Nico's body radiated warmth, which was unusual for him since he was usually rather cold. Will was starting to become concerned now. He wondered if personality changes were part of Nico's mysterious ailment because the boy would never have been so openly intimate with him before, certainly not at their dinner table. Nico had been acting strange ever since he got home; very clingy. He had not wanted to let go of Will even for a minute. No, all he seemed to want to do was kiss and cuddle him. For what had to be the tenth time by that day, Will detached Nico from him. "Dear, you should eat your dinner before it gets cold." And like all the times before, Nico seemed downright dismayed, nearly distraught at being pushed away even a few inches. He looked so cute and disappointed like a kicked puppy. It almost broke Will's heart. Nico looked over to where his plate rested all the way at the other end of the table. Then he turned back to look at him with big, innocent eyes. "Feed me, Will?" Will blinked astonished. "Err- what?" Nico blinked too and his cloudy eyes cleared somewhat. He looked around seeming to come out of a daze and then took stock of their intimate position. He blushed. "Uh, nothing. I don't- I don't what what I was saying." He got up and walked over to his own seat. Will watched him confused and concerned as Nico picked up his silverware and started eating. Maybe he would get that consultation tomorrow. Next morning, Nico was worse. By this point, he could hardly get out of bed. He had chills and was shivering