A/N: Hi there! So I know it's been a while since I posted anything on here. For those of you wondering, I will be finishing my other story, Darker You- at some point at least- I've kind of just hit a writers block that I can't seem to recover from. Anywho! this is a new story I have been working on, it's a Dramione fic because, well, who doesn't love Dramione, right? Ummm yeah... the picture in the cover art isn't mine btw, I just got it off google images and edited it in paint. I really hope you guys enjoy this story, comment if you do, or if you think you have some polite constructive criticism , then also drop a comment- or message. Thanks for reading guys and again enjoy. Disclaimer: all recognizable characters/settings/etc belong to the fabulous J.K. Rowling. Except Draco, he belongs to me (at least he does in my imagination.) Since the day he was born, Draco Malfoy's mother, Narcissa, knew he was different. The white blonde hair and silvery blue eyes could have, of course, be from his father, Lucius Malfoy- whose hair was only a shade or two darker and whose eyes, although blue, lacked the silver tinge. But Narcissa knew better. She'd seen the same features in her own family- the most recent being her late grandfather. Yes, Narcissa knew, without a doubt, that her son had gotten the dormant veela gene. Veelas, at this time, were feared and accused of being a vicious and dangerous species. Many veelas were captured and sent to Azkaban where they ended up dying. In fear for her newborn son's life, Narcissa turned to the only man she ever trusted- the only man she truly loved, though he was in love with another- Severus Snape. Not only did she trust Severus, but she knew he was a master of creating potions. Narcissa begged Severus to create a potion that hide Draco's veela traits from everyone, including her husband. Severus acquiesced the request and began his research for a potion with such properties. Unfortunately his research could come across no such potion. He did, however, find a potion that would hinder the veela's own instincts and abilities until it's 18th birthday. All Narcissa could do now was pray that the war on veelas would be over by then. 18 years later Draco Malfoy sat across from his fiance, the pair eating quietly. Looking up, he smiled at the beautiful woman he chose to marry. Astoria Greengrass was the epitome of a pureblood lady. She was graceful, beautiful, submissive, and, best of all, pure. Of course, Draco knew that not all pureblood ladies were as perfect as Astoria. Take Pansy for instance. Everybody in Hogwarts had assumed Draco would marry Pansy Parkinson, whom he had multiple flings with. They assumed incorrectly though. Draco would no more marry the witch as he would a frog. Pansy had been all too willing to give herself to any man who asked. While Draco was guilty of taking advantage of her offering- on more than several occasions- he preferred his wife hadn't slept with the whole of their class. Draco had known Astoria for years, as they too had been in the same class. He often looked her over as he thought she were merely plain. It was only in their last year- after Harry Potter had defeated Voldemort at the Battle of Hogwarts- that Draco really noticed how perfect the girl truly was. He wasted no time in making his intentions clear- as was the way of the Malfoys. Astoria eagerly returned his affections, but made it clear to him that he must honor her wish to stay pure until after marriage- after all she was not deaf to the rumors floating around the halls. Draco respected the woman for standing firm in her belief- though he would admit to trying to tempt her numerous times. He courted the woman for six months before deciding he would ask her to marry him. It took him another two months to actually pop the question. He felt he should be happier when she agreed to his proposal, but quickly brushed any worry aside. He had no time for worry if he wanted to be married before his 18th birthday. For once he was married, his deepest, darkest secret could pose to threat any longer. "Do you like the food dear?" Draco asked, unable to stand any more silence. "Oh, yes." Astoria nodded, smiling at her fiance. "The elves did such a wonderful job." "Excellent." Draco nodded, smiling secretively. Draco had another secret, besides his most shameful one. His house elves didn't cook dinner. In fact, none of his house elves ever cooked dinner for Malfoy, unless of course it was for a feast. Draco's secret hobby had been cooking. Ever since he was little he would wander into the kitchen and study the elves as they whipped up food. He was so fascinated by it, that he took it upon himself to learn how to cook. Of course nobody but himself and his mother knew of his abilities in the kitchen- after all what sort of pureblood wizard would he be if this secret was leaked? "I'll be staying at my sister's house tonight." Astoria announced, a small smile lighting up her pale face. "But after tomorrow I'm all yours." "Yes you are." Draco nodded with a smirk. Draco couldn't wait to finally bed his witch- and after the ceremony tomorrow she would finally be his and he hers no matter what It wanted. He'd been waiting for the moment since he first learned about It, his darkest secret. Admittedly, this was the reason for pursuing Astoria when he'd rather be 'playing the field', but he knew it would be worth it. In the end, his secret would remain hidden and he'd have the perfect witch bound to him. It was everything he wanted… except… No. He mustn't let those thoughts blossom. "I fear I made a mistake letting Daphne in charge of my bachelorette party." Astoria shook her head, thinking of her little sister and the damage she would undoubtable cause tonight. "Milistrode told me Daphne planned an evening at a male strip club. I'm not going to get out of hand though. I told Daphne I would let father know about her… hookups… at Hogwarts. We both know he would demand she move back in and never be allowed to leave again. Um… do you know what Blaise has planned for you?" Blaise Zabini was Draco's oldest- and quite frankly only true- friend. It was only fitting that Draco put him in charge of his bachelor party. Of course Blaise wouldn't reveal his plans for the night- it's traditional for the soon to be groom to be surprised after all. However, knowing Blaise- and Draco did know him, quite well in fact- Draco expected there to be plenty of girls and firewhiskey. What a wonderful way to end the year long 'dry spell' Draco had going. "Oh, you know, probably just the pub with some old mates and a couple of butter beers." Draco shrugged, knowing his future wife wouldn't like the idea of him at a club, though it bothered him none that she would be doing the same thing. "Wonderful." Astoria replied, relief obvious in her voice. The day was bright and sunny with barely any clouds in the sky, a rare- yet perfect- day for a wedding. Draco stood by the alter, nervously fixing his cuff links. The aspirin Blaise provided him earlier was beginning to kick in and his hangover was slowly ebbing away. Any minute now Astoria would be walking down the aisle towards her husband and then they would be bound together in matrimony, and an unbreakable vow. Draco wished to get on with the ceremony quickly. After all, he wasn't sure how much longer he could resist his very own temptation- his deepest, darkest, most shameful desire. He needn't wait much longer though, as the band began to play the wedding march. Draco straightened up, staring down the aisle as his bride moved towards him in time with the music. Something began to rattle inside Draco, but he pushed it down, refusing to give in and ruin his life. Two steps away from him now. Draco restrained himself from grabbing Astoria's arm to yank her to him so they could begin the bloody ceremony already. His stomach felt as though it was being repeatedly pounded from the inside. He took a deep breath as he held his hand out to Astoria who took it was a small, elegant, smile. Together they turned to the minister. "We are gathered here today-" "DRACO!" Draco's head whipped around to glare at the man who dared to interrupt his wedding. Professor Severus Snape was running towards him, his black cloak billowing behind him. Had this not been such a serious infraction on Snape's part, Draco would have laughed. He couldn't think of any such time he had witnessed his mentor/godfather run. Draco gritted his teeth, shaking his head furiously at the man, realizing there could be only one reason he was here. "Severus?" Narcissa stood up from her seat in the front row. Her own face was a mask of worry. "What's going on?" "Draco I'm sorry, but you must come quickly. It it urgent." Snape announced to his godson. "It can wait until afterwards." Draco decided, turning to face the minister once more. "No it cannot!" Snape barked. "Still such a selfish boy you still are, after all these year! Did you not think of what it would do to her?!" "Her?" Astoria turned to Draco, eyeing her fiance suspiciously. "Draco what is he talking about? Who is 'her'?" "Nobody of importance." Draco shook his head. "Let's get on with it shall we?" "Draco," His mother's voice was a soft plead as she stood beside Severus. "If this is as serious as he says, then perhaps-" "It is my life mother." Draco seethed, glaring at the woman who birthed him. "I will make my own decisions about what is dire and what is not. Snape, you are more than welcomed to stay, but if you wish to continue this conversation it will have to be afterwards. Not let's get-" "Hermione is dying!" Snape shouted causing several gasps to rise throughout the room. Every bone in Draco's body stiffened as though he'd been hit with a petrificus curse. "Veela, your mate is dying. If you do this she will be dead by morning. You must stop this and go to her now!" Draco's secret was out, but he could care not. He was battling an internal struggle, trying to contain the beast which resided inside him. The veela was rattling the cage it's host had trapped him in, it's rage powerful. How dare his host contain him when his mate was in danger?! He dare he try to keep Veela from saving his mate?! Did Draco really believe that a marriage could stop Veela, that Veela would not tear his wife apart so he could have his mate?! It was a losing battle for Draco. His veela instincts were too powerful. Had the veela not been suppressed all these years, it would have been easier on both of them. Draco would have had time to adjust to the idea of Veela's chosen mate. Perhaps Draco would not have fought so hard against Veela and he too would have come to love the beast's mate instead of hating her with an unfound passion. "This is ridiculous!" Astoria shouted at her old potion's professor. How dare he interrupt the happiest day of her life?! Draco was hers! He was marrying her, not some mudblood bitch! Astoria turned to her fiance who was unusually silent. She placed her hand on his arm in a comforting move. "Draco, dear, let's finish the ceremony. Then we will finally be husband and wife. You