The sun felt so warm it warmed my skin the second I stepped out of the air conditioned car. "I feel better already!" Alice called out from the driver's side as she slammed the door and spread her arms out taking in the Florida sun. I grinned at her as her big floppy hat nearly blew off her head from the Florida breeze. "I'll feel better once the cocktails start to flow" I call back as I grabbed my carry on from the back seat of the rental car. Our vacation had started out a disaster. I was beginning to think that the only memories we would have of our trip would be filled with delays and crappy airplanes and lost reservations and overbooked hotels. But now spending one horrible night in a scary motel seemed worth it. Today the sun was high and ocean breeze blew through my hair and I was finally beginning to feel the freedom of our vacation. "Shouldn't Jacob be here by now?" Alice says as she heaves her oversized suitcases from the trunk. "We are a bit early." I rush over to help her lift out the biggest one. My much smaller suitcases had to be stored in the back seats because hers took up the whole trunk. "Alright you stay here with the luggage I'll go return the car" she says as she hops back in the car and speeds off. The rental car had not been part of our plan but we had been unable to get a taxi last night. So now here we were waiting for Jacob to pick us up to take us over the dock. He had flown in a few days before us since his job gave him more days off and he wanted to catch a few surfing days with a friend that moved here not too long ago. I sat on the curb leaning back on my hands enjoying the warmth from the sun. The sun felt so amazing when it was accompanied by a soft breeze instead of dry wind. I stood as a big faded light blue van pulled up in front of me. The car barely stopped before the passenger door flung open and Jacob jumped out coming at me arms wide open. I grinned as he pulled me into his arms and off the ground in a little spin. I could feel my face heat even though I missed him. "I didn't realize how much I missed you until I saw you just now." He said into my hair. My blush deepened as it spread down my neck. "I missed you too "I laughed nervously as his friend jumps out of the driver's seat and came over. He was tall and tan with long sun bleached hair. "Bella this is Jarrod" Jacob said as he let me go and slid his arm around my waist. "it's about time I met the infamous Bella. I can finally put a face to all the stories I've heard." He says grinning at me. I smile back but just as I'm about to reply Alice arrives. "Hi I'm Alice." She practically sings. "I don't mean to be brash but if we don't get going we will never make it to the Caribbean." "If the little lady says lets go the lets go." Jarrod replies picking up her largest suitcase as if it didn't way a thing. The guys had everything in the van by the time Alice and I managed to pull ourselves into the back seat. We arrived at the dock in a matter of minutes. Alice talked my ear off the whole way. But it was hard to focus on what she was saying while we drove past sand so white I could just picture myself sprawled out on it. And water so beautiful it made me want to jump right out of the car. I had never imagined Florida so beautiful. The Cruise ship made me feel so small and it was probably the smallest one here. It looked so grand and white and terrifying. I couldn't wait to get on but at the same time my nerves were beginning to kick in. I knew nothing would happen but I also couldn't shake my nerves. Alice clearly didn't have the same problem she was jumping around ordering the guys around and chatting about the cruise with other vacationers heading the same way as us. She was even more hyper then ever before. There was officially no stopping her. Jacob appeared more focused on making sure our luggage all went through I doubted he even got the chance to look at the ship now that Jarrod dropped us off and left, he was trying to keep track of all the luggage Alice brought on his own. By the time get got to our room I was exhausted and I was sure Jacob felt the same. We had managed to get two joint rooms Alice in one Jacob and me in the other. The rooms were small but they had everything we could possibly need even a little round window and window seat. I sprawled out on the big fluffy bed as soon as I made it in. I was tired from the little sleep I managed to get the night before and just watching Alice hop around exhausted me. Jacob followed my lead after making sure Alice made it to her room alright. He pulled me against him the second he got on the bed and his body curled around mine nicely and suddenly all I wanted to do was take a nap. I felt so at home in his arms and so tired I could almost forget my excitement. Alice however did not forget hers .She burst through our joining door in a new outfit and the same big hat that only made you realize how small she really was. "What are you doing! We finally make it here and you're laying down? Are you insane let's go look around at least?" "Alice you go explore make some friends for an hour or two and then we will go find you." Jacob says before nuzzling into my back more. I could barely register the door slamming shut behind me before my eyes drifted shut. I awoke about an hour later refreshed and exited once again. I wiggled my way out of Jacobs's arms without waking him. (He was a heavy sleeper) and got into the little shower in our bathroom. When I got out I threw on a bikini and a pair of shorts. I wanted to be one of those girls that were comfortable walking around without a shirt, but when I looked in the mirror I realized who I was kidding so I threw on a flowy tank top on top. After applying some chap stick I snuck out of the room with my room key in my back pocket and some cash. The ship was beautiful and all inclusive. Except for drinks. But money wasn't allowed on the ship so it was my understanding that there were machines that let you put money into your room key. The hallways were small but slightly confusing. I got a bit lost and the halls were empty and I was just beginning to get a bit frustrated when I found a big glass door that looked like it led outside. The moment I opened the door I was hit with two things a strong cool breeze that blew my wet hair back, and the sound of a very familiar twinkling laughter. I had arrived at the enormous pool which was already filled with tons of people milling about. There were hot tubs on decks, shirtless men, girls in tiny bikinis sun bathing, and a very long bar. A bar that Alice had of course already found. She was sitting on the counter with a tall blended drink in her hand giggling at what the two guys surrounding her were saying. She was wearing a cute light green romper with little flowers that showed off her thin figure perfectly. "Bella" she grinned at me when I made my way to her. "Guys this is my best friend and roommate Bella." She sang to them. "Bella these are my new friends Kyle and Liam there from California." She said smiling impressively at me. "Nice to meet you." One of the blondes said shaking my hand and gliding his eyes down my body. "Let's get you a drink." The other said already leaning over the bar to call over the waiter. "I'll have whatever she's having" I laughed nervously as the one I presumed to be Kyle stepped aside and allowed me to have his stool. "So Bella you're from Seattle as well? Are you from there originally?" Presumed Liam asked as he handed me a fruity blended cocktail. My name sounded surprisingly sweet on his lips. "No I just moved there for school about two years ago, it's how I met Alice we were assigned the same dorm." I replied allowing myself to relax. We manage to fall into easy conversation the guys turn out to be quite interesting and even funny. They have us at the bar talking and laughing and it becomes so comfortable that I lose track of time and the amount of drinks we have had. The sun has started to set by the time I notice Jacob watching us from across the pool in a pair of swim trunks. I immediately straighten and just as I'm about to stand up the bell rings announcing dinner. "Well ladies we better head off we promised our friends to meet them for dinner but hopefully we will run into each other again" Kyle says grinning at me. "Goodbye Alice" Liam says kissing her hand. "See you later Bella." Kyle says softly leaning in for what might have been a kiss on the cheek but I quickly turn my head replying "have a nice dinner." Or something to that affect "God Bella they are SO cute." Alice's gushes excitedly as she hops down off the bar. "They are. "I reply before finishing off the last of my drink. "I caught Jacob watching us, do you think he will be mad?" "He shouldn't be it was just a little flirting. "She says looking around for him, but he was already lost in the crowd. "You know how he is." I sigh pushing my hair back with both hands. "He's so jealous and over protective." "I told you not to bring him along" Alice sang as she finished off her drink as well. I ignored her but as I turned around to leave I nearly bump straight into Jacob. "You girls ready to head back to the room and change?" he says evenly but I could tell he was at least a little upset. We both follow him towards the door without saying anything. As we are walking I try to keep my head down but my eye catches on a guy in one of the big comfy chairs lined up around the rail of the ship. He was fully dressed in black as if there hadn't been a hot sun beating down all day. His nose was buried deep in a book. He seemed as though he didn't even want to be here. I lose focus on him as Jacob holds the door open for me and gives me a look that lets me know he really is mad. Dammit. The last thing I need. When we finally arrive at our room he slams the door shut behind me but I don't say anything and neither does he. I could tell he is waiting for me to look at him but I avoid his gaze and focus on pulling out a dress for the first formal dinner of the cruise. There was supposed to be two one on the first night and one the