DISCLAIMER : THE CHARACTERS AND SOME IF NOT ALL SETTINGS BELONG TO RICK RIORDAN. On the beach, near some rocks you could see a baby girl. She was sound asleep, as the waves rocked, and the winds blew creating a lullaby for the baby to sleep to. However the baby did not know that she was left alone, abandoned by her parents for safety. Currently in an underwater palace you could currently see a man and woman crying, because they had to abandon their the morning, a woman who looked to be in her late 20's was strolling along a silent beach in Montauk, when all of a sudden she heard a cry. As this cry started the waves became more violent, and rain clouds could be seen rapidly heading towards the beach. The woman thought this was weird because when she had arrived in Montauk it was a clear day. So the woman followed the cries of clearly a young child to an area near many rocks and caves. Once she spotted the child, she immediately ran over to it. "Hush little one. You will be ok now" said the woman as she sang a lullaby. After she made sure the baby was asleep, she picked up the baby. That is when she noticed a note fall from the basket the baby was in. Curiously the woman picked it up and read it. The letter said "To the person who finds our dearest daughter. Please protect her. Give her a happy and normal childhood, as we would not be able to give her. The reasons for this can not be mentioned. Please tell her that we love her and will try to reach her as soon as possible. By the way our daughters name is Persephone" After reading the letter the woman looked at the baby girl and noticed she had beautiful big innocent sea green eyes mixed with blue that looked like a storm. The baby also had wavy black hair with two sea green streaks in the front, with sun kissed skin. After truly taking in the looks of the beautiful young child she thought about her always wanting one, but was never able to have one because of her status as a virgin goddess which she could not give up. After debating with herself of the pros and cons of keeping the child she decided to adopt it. That is when a thought struck her mind. It was about when she first heard Persephone cry and how storms started, but also that she was near the beach. That is when she came to the conclusion...her brother Poseidon/Neptune broke his oath again and sired this child. His first child was an arrogant fool who only thought of himself. Noticing that it was already the afternoon the lady took Persephone and flashed away to her palace on Olympus. Once she got there the maiden goddess willed a large bedroom to gain the nursery items, she would need for the baby. Currently the child was sleeping in her crib. "Vesta" she heard a male voice call. She quickly ran out of the room, in an attempt to hide the baby. When she got downstairs and opened the door she saw Hermes there. "Yes nephew", Hestia/Vesta asked. "Well there is an emergency meeting about a new prophecy,"Hermes said. She quickly told him an ok and they both flashed to their spots in the throne room of Olympus. "Thank you all for being here, I have just heard news of a new prophecy of a child who must possess the powers of all the major gods and also Hades and Hestia in order to defeat an old enemy." Said a very displeased Zeus because of the possibility of his throne being taken over. After saying this everyone started asking questions such as who should this child be, and wouldn't that be a threat to Olympus. That is when the cry of a child broke out throughout Olympus, silencing the whole council. Hestia quickly flashed to the babies room. When the baby saw her, she quieted down. Persephone looked up and wanted to be carried so lifted up her tiny hands. After summoning a bottle Hestia began to sing Modred's lullaby, which quickly put the baby to sleep. When Hestia returned to the throne room everyone asked her about the child and how she could have one. "SHUT UP" an angered Hestia yelled, "I did not sire this child I merely adopted her after finding her abandoned". That was when Apollo was told to look into her memories of the child and that is what happened. After most events like the council discussing what should happen to the child and a lot of arguing the Olympian council decided that the girl would be the "chosen one" and receive the gods full blessing. After that was decided Hestia was told to get the child. Once brought to the throne room all the gods and goddesses saw the small child in Hestia's hands. Zeus then said "Well I guess we should begin". With that being said Zeus gave the baby the power to grow wings, fly, and create storms. Poseidon already knew that this was his child so just gave her the power to create anything with water, and vapor travel. Hades gave her control over the dead, ability to shadow travel, and ability to get any money or jewel related item. Hera gave her powers over marriage. Demeter gave powers over plants. Athena gave powers to make her know anything she thought about, and also good battle strategies. Artemis gave Persephone the powers to change into any animal she desired. Apollo gave powers to help heal things. Ares gave her the power over swordsmanship. Aphrodite gave her charmspeak, and good looks. Hephaestus gave Persephone the ability to make any metal related item she wanted. Hermes allowed her to move quicker than the average human. Dionysus gave her the ability to grow any wine related 5 years of what Persephone called a normal childhood she wanted to go outside. She mostly wanted to explore the beach outside. She felt a strange connection to water, and any time she got near any sea animals or horses/Pegasus they would call her M'Lady. After much thinking Persephone went to sleep in her ocean decorated room. In the morning after getting through her morning routine Persephone made her way downstairs for breakfast. After eating blue pancakes with her mother she decided to ask the question she had been holding onto for so long. "Mother, I wanted to ask you something" Persephone said. Her mother or other wise known as Hestia said "Of course dear". "Mom I wanted to know if I could go to the beach and explore" said an unsure Persephone. Hestia really had to think about that but decided to let her. So after both of them getting dressed they headed to the beach. Once they arrived Persephone started wandering around. As she got further from her mother, Persephone or as she liked to be called Seph, saw a blonde figure on the shore of the who it could be she walked closer to the boy. He had piercing gray eyes that seemed to always be calculating something. "Hi,"Seph said to the young boy. "Hello," replied the young boy. "My name is Persephone, but you can call me Seph," said Seph. "I'm Andrew, do you want to be friends?" Asked the boy. "Sure. We can be best friends!" Seph exclaimed, because she was truly happy that she had a friend, a best friend none the least. After the quick conversation the two children began to play and swim together. Hestia was watching as her adopted child was running towards the beach, she was currently thinking of what a joy Seph had brought into her life. Hestia was all of a sudden brought out of her thoughts with the feeling of a powerful aura that she immediately recognized and tensed up at. "Why hello Vesta." A cloaked figure said. "Why are you here Gaea, should you not be sleeping under ground?" Hestia asked turning around to face the cloaked figure also known now as Gaea. " I have come with a proposition for you." Gaea stated simply. A curious Vesta asked " And what would that be?" "I would very much love you to join me. I could use someone as powerful as you to help in the upcoming war". Vesta looked at her with a disbelieving face, and replied. " You want me to join you.. Even you could not be stupid enough to ask that. Certainly you would understand that my domains over family and the hearth make me completely loyal to my Olympian family. " "What a pity that is, I really would have loved for you to join me, both of us together combined powers... Hades you might have been able to convince some of the council to join me. I guess your loyalty ruins my plans, but beware Vesta because you have rejected my offer you will be crushed along with your fellow olympians." replied Gaea in a eerily angry but calm voice. At the end of Gaea's rant there was a ring of fire around them blazing highly while the pieces of the Earth had started to come upwards. As they were about to blast each other with their powers which was rare for Hestia to do, that is when Seph decided to come in with Andrew. "MOM!" Persephone yelled for her mother scarily because of their display of powers. She was still young so did not understand why or how they had powers. Hestia looked toward Seph scarily. "Hmm. A child Vesta, surprising given your status." Terra said, noticing the very powerful aura on the child. "She is of no concern to you Terra," Hestia said trying to keep her voice monotone even though you could sense the concern in it. "Mom, what is going on!" exclaimed a worried Persephone. "My friend here was just leaving, right Gaea," Hestia told Seph. "Hmmm. Right. Ok, goodbye, now" Terra said smugly, and left. "Ummm, Seph what's going on" Andrew asked, and in that moment Persephone, and Hestia both remembered that there was another child there the whole time. "Honestly, Andrew I don't know. Mom can you explain" Seph said. "Hmm, oh yes my old 'friend' Gaea, found me on the beach and we had a discussion" Hestia said anger laced in her voice. "So, Seph are you not going to introduce me to your new friend" Hestia asked curiously looking towards the boy who seemed to look like a male version of Athena and was most likely her child. "Oh, right mom this is Andrew, Andrew this is my mom" said a blushing Seph. "It is very nice to meet you Andrew, tell me do you know of your parents?" asked Hestia. At this statement Andrew looked down with tears in his eyes and said "Well my mom she died in a car crash, when I was baby. My dad basically Neglects me" "Well how would you like to live with me and Seph" asks Hestia. Weighing out the pros and cons of living with Seph and her mother Andrew came to a conclusion. "Thank you for the offer, I would love to come live with you" said Andrew excited to actually have a family. Once Hestia, Andrew, and Seph arrived in Hestia's place they went to find and decorate a room for Andrew. Once they found a room close to Seph's, Hestia told him to just think about what he wanted the room to look like and have and it would be there. Andrew was a little skeptical at first, but he did what he was told. When he came out of his thoughts he saw a room with blue and golden walls. In the corner there was a desk with blueprint papers, lined paper, pencils, and books in greek. His