This story will be the 75 Hunger Games stories. Each story will be in The Point of View of the Victor. I will be doing the whole story starting at the time when they rose into the arena. This is similar to Gamemaker97's Hunger Games stories, but the funny thing with that is that I thought of the idea just before I saw his stories. Then I thought "Great minds think alike!" So if you read my stories please review and tell me if I'm even a good writer. IF YOU READ MY STORY YOU MUST REVIEW :) JUST TO KNOW PEOPLE ARE READING IT. The 1st Hunger Games Name: Rose Torch District: 5 Age: 17 "Flowing Red Hair" Hardly a few weeks ago war was still going on. Bombs, guns, explosives and death, death of thousands, probably millions. And to say that I survived the war, is just pure luck, I must be lucky. Not a lot of people got to survive the war without being injured, but I did. My family and I were the lucky ones, but are we really. Just over a week ago I was reaped, for The Hunger Games, which is The Capitol's idea of a piece treaty. Sending 1 male and 1 female from each District, ages 12 to 18 to fight to death until there is only one person left standing, once I was reaped, I know I had no chance at victory. There is 23 other tributes that I will have to fight, bigger, stronger and much smarter than me. But I promised my younger sister that I had to try my best, to win for her and my parents, but it is going to be hard to fight because the boy that was reaped from my District, Gabe, is my sisters best fiend. They new each other since they were three years old, and now they are both 13. If I'm not the victor, I will make sure that Gabe is, no matter what. My stylist kisses me on the forehead, and looks into my eyes. "10 seconds," an animated voice speaks out of a speaker. "Rose you can do it," my stylist says. "I believe in you." I nod and slowly walk to my tube, the tube that shall rise me up into the arena and seal my fate. I step in and the glass door slides shut around me. My stylist gives me a wink and the tube starts to rise, I take a deep breath and do up my zipper on my full body suit. I don't know what to expect, I wasn't told what should happen or what I should do. I don't have a clue what the arena is going to look like. Is it going to be an open space? Is in going to be small and dark? Or is it going to be something that nobody expected? As I rise I look forward and I am blinded momentarily by light. It takes my eyes just a few seconds to adjust before I see the scene. I look down and stand on a pedestal. I recall my mentor telling me not to step off before the gong sounds or I will be blown to bits. I look around and all 24 of us stand in a semi-circle around a giant golden horn, a Cornucopia at that. Giant and gleaming in the sun that beats down hard, crisping me in my arena outfit. In the horn a bunch of crates and...weapons lay spread out from each other. Swords and blades hung o the Cornucopia, a bow lays up against a crate, and different packs lay spread out around everything else. A couple feet in front of me lays a small container that looks to be filled with peanuts. I don't know if going to The Cornucopia is the right decision, I mean I am sure others will go there and get weapons as well, there is no doubt about it, but if I'm confronted by someone, I don't want to kill. I mean, I will kill someone if it means saving my own life or Gabe's, but if it's just out of shear want, I shall not. I shift my head around and see a giant forest with large deciduous trees towering high, and behind the Cornucopia as well. I am guessing we are standing in some kind of valley, some kind of opening to ensure no hiding, they want blood to be shed, and blood I am sure will be shed. As I look to my right and see the boy from 4 the gong wrings and I stumble forward off my plate and fall face forwards into the soft green grass. I look up and see the majority of the tributes sprinting to the horn, grabbing weapons and supplies. I quickly jump to my feet and grab the package of peanuts, I stuff it in my pocket and race into the horn. I brush by two boys fighting it out with swords and I dive down behind a crate. I flip open the lid and grab my choice weapon that I practiced in training with, tomahawks. I grab three of the weapons and I jump to my feet, just about race off when I am confronted by a girl, she looks to be a coupe years older than my sister, but younger than me. Her blonde hair pulled tight into a ponytail, she holds a spear in her hand, she throw it at me. It skins my right thigh, she is just about to pull another off the ground when I know I have to attack. I throw one of my tomahawks at her and it lodges into her right temple. She falls to the ground, blood spewing from her mouth. My initial instinct is to run and that's exactly what I do, I retrieve my tomahawk from her head and start to run away. I sprint out of the way of the fighting and jump over a few of the dead tribute's bodies. I make it into the forest behind the Cornucopia and sprint as fast as I can to get away from all the others. I run and run and run, but I only stop when the screams and cries at the horn aren't audible anymore and I stop. I look around for somewhere to rest and I spot a fallen down tree, large in stature, and looking good for some kind of shelter. I slowly walk over and find that it's hallowed out inside, making a perfect hiding spot. I smirk and then slide in. I rest my tomahawks to my side and that's when the cannons sound, each canon representing a fallen tribute. One after one sounds until they stop, leaving eight cannons fired, and eight already dead tributes. I cross my fingers that one isn't Gabe, but if one of them are, at least I won't have to kill him. The day goes on, and I rest in the hallowed out long, eating a few peanuts and leaving a few out just in case a squirrel might come by, and I will have dinner. The sun slowly starts to set and I await the seal that my mentor told would show up every night to show who died. As the sun takes it's descent the night sky forms and the noises of the creatures come out. I crawl out of the log and look into the sky, the stars shine bright, the moon a perfect crescent. So beautiful, so peaceful and suddenly it is interrupted by the anthem of Panem. The Capitol seal appears in the sky and the first picture of the deceased tribute. I see the girl from 1, then the next tribute is the boy from 2, which means that the boy from 1 lived. The girl from 2 appears, then the girl from 3 and the boy from 6. I gasp to know that Gabe is still alive and a sigh of relief let's go from my mouth. The next portrait is the boy from 8 which means both tributes from 7 and the girl from his District is still alive. Then it shows the girl that I killed, she was from 9, my heart sinks when I see her portrait, I can't believe I killed her, it was just instinct. The boy from 10 appears which means that both the girl from his District and the boy from 9 are safe. The anthem does one last flourish of noise and then the seal disappears. 8 of us are already dead, 15 of us are going to be dead and only one of us not dead. With a sad huff I crawl back into my log and close my eyes slowly, trying to fall asleep. I hear a small whisper and my eyes shoot open. The light of the moon fills the log and I see three figures kneeling at the other end of the my log. I gasp one of my tomahawks. Without any aim, or any time to calculate I throw my tomahawk and it lodges into one of them. I hear a shriek and I am just about to grab another when I hear one of them speak. "Stop," a voice says, a boy voice, a younger boy voice. "Why should I," I reply, gripping the handle of my tomahawk, not keeping my eyes off the three. "Because we don't want to hurt you," the boy says again. I recognize the voice and out of the shadow and into the moonlight I see Gabe. I gasp and then rap my arms around the boy. ] "Are you alright?" I ask, dropping my tomahawk. "Ya, I'm fine, but the girl you hit, Crustacea, isn't," he says concerned. I crawl over to Crustacea and I look at her thigh, my tomahawk sticks out of it, blood oozing from her wound. "I'm so sorry," I say, trying to find something that might stem the blood flow. "It's fine, I'm truly alright," she says. Before we do anything, we have to remove the tomahawk from her leg, and since I'm the one that injured her, I guess I'm the one that has to do it. I grasp the handle of it and look into her eyes for a moment. I grip the handle tight and rip it from her leg. She winces in pain and bights her lip. I wrap some fabric from my suit around the wound and then lay back. The other boy that Gab and Crustacea, who I now know is from 6, is very quiet. He introduces himself as Quispin and says he is from 9. I killed his District partner. I lay back and fall asleep, no regrets of the day, except for killing that girl, that haunts me in my dreams and will stay with me for the rest of my life. My eyes slowly flutter open, like a butterfly taking off from a beautiful summer flower. I slowly shift my head to look around. Gabe, Crustacea and Quispin aren't laying beside me, there probably out hunting. The smell of smoke fills my nose and the log fills with the grey mist. What could be wrong? Are Gabe and the others burning to death? Is the whole forest lit up in flames? I panic and quickly grab the container with peanuts and stuff it back in my pocket. I grab my tomahawks and quickly crawl out of the log in a coughing fit. I expect the worst and to my surprise, the whole forest is not lit up in flames and the other three aren't burning to death, but Quispin has made a fire and is roasting a squirrel. I sigh in relief as I gaze into the orange fire that looks exactly like my hair. I sit down beside Gabe, and brush my hair out of my eyes when something occurs to me; If there was this much