Hey All! This was my submission to the awesome charity, S2SL. It is meant to serve as a prologue to the potential sequel of Hot for Teacher, Hot for Professor. I do have quite a bit of writing to do this summer and I'm not sure what I'll begin writing first, but I WILL definitely be writing this summer. I'll just let you all (and myself) be surprised : ). MUCH thanks must always go to soamazinghere. She turns the shitty documents I send her into something I can be proud of. Thank you, soamazinghere! Thank you also goes to streetlightlove for orchestrating S2SL, her and her husband did an AMAZING job and I feel honored to have been able to participate. "Shut up, Peeta, I wasn't tearing up! Some lint from your stupid flannel shirt got in my eye and I was blinking it out!" I grumble as I wait for Peeta to unlock the door to his apartment. "You were, Katniss! I swear to God!" Peeta laughs as he opens the door and lets us in. I glare at him as I toe off my shoes and flop down on his couch. "Shut up." Peeta chortles as he walks into the kitchen. "Shit, I forgot to go to the grocery store earlier. Do you mind if we just get pizza tonight?" he calls out. Despite my irritation at his teasing, I can't help but perk up a little at the suggestion. "When do I ever mind getting pizza for dinner?" Peeta appears in the doorway. "Um, never?" I stand up and walk over to him so I can slip my arms around his waist. "Exactly," I affirm as I press myself against him, lightly scraping my nails against his back. Peeta moans quietly as I shift onto the balls of my feet, brushing my lips ever so slightly against his. "And I wasn't crying," I tell him quietly. Before he has a chance to kiss me, I slap his ass and saunter down the hallway into his room. "I'm taking a shower," I call out over my shoulder. I resist the urge to look behind me to see his reaction, but I smile to myself when I hear him groan and shout, "You're going to kill me, woman!" Part of me expects Peeta to join me in the shower, and as I towel off my wet body a few minutes later, I have to say that I'm a little disappointed he didn't. But maybe he was just hungry and decided to quickly call in the pizza for us. I throw on one of Peeta's t-shirts and a pair of sleep shorts that always make him groan appreciatively when he sees me in them. I quickly comb out my hair and pull it up into a towel turban before going into the kitchen to help Peeta make something to go with our pizza. To my surprise, the kitchen is completely empty, not a vegetable or cutting board in sight. "Peet?" I furrow my brow in confusion, and when I turn the corner I see Peeta sitting quietly in the living room. "Hey, I was thinking maybe we could make a salad to go with our pizza?" I suggest. Peeta nods but doesn't say anything. "Are you okay?" I ask as I cross the room to sit next to him on the couch, concerned at his lack of interest in dinner. Peeta lets out a loud exhale through his nose. "I just checked my email. I didn't get into Capitol University." About a year ago, Peeta decided that, as much as he loves teaching high school, he would be much happier pursuing his Ph.D. and teaching at a university. I was a little surprised to hear that he wanted to leave the high school classroom, but I've tried my best to be as supportive as possible, helping him with his statement of purpose and putting together application packets. My shoulders slump. "What? I thought for sure you would get in!" Peeta gives me a sad smile. "I did, too, but getting into graduate school is so competitive that I couldn't be sure." I bite my lip, unsure of what to say to reassure him. Although Peeta is very intelligent, he's still young, and getting into Ph.D. programs is extremely difficult; so far he's been rejected from four other schools. The only school he hasn't heard from yet is the University of Panem. The odds don't seem to be in his favor. "Well, we've still got U of P! Right?" I'm trying to be encouraging, but I think I sound like a moron. Peeta nods, but he looks so discouraged that I don't think anything I say could help. Instead I get up and straddle his lap, crushing his body to mine in a tight hug. I can feel my towel slipping off my head so I shake it off, letting it fall to the floor. Peeta buries his head in my neck and holds me close. "What if I don't get in anywhere?" He says it so quietly I don't know if he meant for me to hear it or not. "Then you'll keep teaching at a school you love and try again in a few years." Peeta nods his head and squeezes me tightly before releasing me. Gently, he pushes my torso away from his and rubs his hands up and down my sides. "Come on. I'll start on the salad while you call the pizza place." "So Peeta really hasn't heard back from any schools yet?" Finnick asks around a mouthful of fruit salad. I grimace as I swallow a bite of pasta. "Well, he has, but they've all been rejections." Madge scrunches her nose. "Oh man, that's got to be rough on him," she says. I'm not really sure how to respond. Truthfully, when I agreed to go out to lunch with Finnick and Madge, I was hoping that neither of them would bring it up. Even though I'm not the one applying to graduate school, I find myself getting secondhand anxiety for Peeta, a feeling that has grown exponentially with every negative response he's received. "I'm nervous for him," I admit. "He was so enthusiastic about applying, and he put a lot of effort into writing great applications…but now I don't know if it'll be enough. He's so young, and a lot of times those committees like seeing people with longer resumes." Finnick runs a hand through his hair. "Oh, man, that sucks. I bet he's stressing out big time right now." I nod my head and use my fork to push my food around my plate. "I just wish there was something I could do for him. I mean, I know he knows I'm there for him, but I wish I could just take all this stress away." "Well, in a couple weeks the stress of not knowing will be gone, one way or another. He'll either be accepted or rejected," Finn muses. I'm still a little on edge as I think about the tension Peeta has been exuding of late. "I know he's trying to hide how much it's affecting him, but he's just been so uptight lately. The other day he got mad at me for scratching his Calphalon pan. I don't even use his Calphalon pan! I don't even know what Calphalon is!" I huff out. Madge looks thoughtful for a moment before she comments, "So, I imagine the sex hasn't been super great, huh?" I choke on the water I was sipping and Finnick slaps me on the back. "Excuse me?" I choke out. Madge rolls her eyes. "Honestly, Katniss, it's been almost four years. We all know you guys have sex." "Yeah, we've heard way too much over the years, Kat. Those aren't study sessions going on in your room," Finnick unhelpfully adds. I glare at my two former friends. "Okay, okay, so maybe his stress has had a bit of an effect. So what, dry spells happen. Right?" Finnick quirks an eyebrow. "I guess so. Well…how long has it been?" I blush furiously, embarrassed with the turn in conversation. "Um…a few weeks?" Madge drops her fork. "Fuck." Finnick's lips purse together. "Um…" "What? It's not that big of a deal!" I huff out, feeling rather defensive at this point. "I've been super busy and he's been under a lot of stress. It's not like we don't love each other, we just haven't…been real intimate." "It's okay, Katniss, we didn't mean to make you feel judged," Madge says gently as she places a hand on my arm. "I just…I guess I just don't know what to do for him right now. I don't know what he needs," I admit. Madge shrugs her shoulders. "Well, maybe if you spiced things up in the boudoir, you could help relieve some of the…tension…that Peeta's been feeling." "What?" I ask, feeling my eyes bug out of my head. "Well…what if you wore some fancy lingerie under your nice work clothes so that when you seduce him he'll have a nice little present to unwrap?" Madge suggests. I snort. "Uh, my work clothes consist of a white lab coat and dirty jeans." "What about that nice pencil skirt and button-down blouse I made you buy a few months ago?" I groan as Finnick cackles. "Come on, Finn, help me out here!" I implore. "As much as I would love to contact Peeta and warn him about the shitshow that's inevitably about to go down, I'm not getting in the middle of this. I think I'll just sit back and watch this unfold," Finnick replies with an annoying wink. "Thanks, Finn," I respond drily, irritated at his lack of assistance. When I turn to look at Madge, she has a goofy grin on her face. "What? Madge, I just don't think I'm the kind of person who'd do something like that." Madge rolls her eyes. "You're not the kind of person to have hot, amazing, earth-shattering sex with your boyfriend? Katniss, it's not that big a deal- women wear lingerie for their significant others all the time." Finnick nods in agreement. "It's not like she's telling you to buy butt plugs, she's just telling you to wear some skimpy panties under your work clothes," he says in between bites of his sandwich. "I thought you weren't getting in the middle," I retort, and Finnick shrugs in response. I see my two friends looking at me with exasperated looks on their faces, and I find myself caving, just a little. "Fine! I'll consider it, how about that?" "Yes! I'll take it!" Madge squeals. "Now, Gale and I were talking, and even though it's cliché, I really think I want to be a 'June bride'…" Oh, God. I grit my teeth as I try and fix the little scrap of lace that's shoved itself up my ass for what feels like the thousandth time in the last thirty minutes. Madge better be right, this better be worth it. After our lunch with Finnick the other day, she wouldn't take 'no' for an answer and simply took me straight to the closest lingerie store. I spent almost a hundred dollars on scraps of lace that Peeta's just going to rip off…assuming he wants to, that is. " Madge, how much longer?" I whine as she works on the ties of the corset I'm wearing. " Shut up, Katniss, I'm doing you a huge favor. Peeta thinks he's coming home to you in your sweatpants eating Chinese food. He's about to get the surprise of a lifetime, thanks to me." I grumble as Madge fixes my garter belt. "Yeah, yeah," I grumble. She rolls her eyes. "Okay, let's get you in your work clothes." Madge helps me put on my pencil skirt and I button up my nicest blouse. I look at myself in the mirror, my hair wild and wavy, my eyes smoky, and my lips glossed. I know