Chapter one Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore sat alone in his office, head in his hands as his long-time friend Alastor "Mad-eye" Moody left through the floo. It was very late at night; such was the nature of these visits. The children had been in bed for a few hours yet, after quite possibly the most somber Halloween feast Hogwarts had ever observed. The reason Mad-eye had come was to debrief Albus on the Bones' situation. Never one for sugar coating, Moody had explained to the tired headmaster in excruciatingly gruesome detail exactly how the Bones family had died and Dumbledore was struggling to get the images out of his head. 'Perhaps a night cap and a dreamless sleep draught?' Albus mused sadly while Fawkes adjusted herself on her perch to get a better look at the headmaster, concern somehow etched in the birds stance and features. Albus had just decided to set that course of events to action when a loud whistling came from one of the silvery instruments in his office. He looked up sharply at the object, noting with dread that the steam being emitted was fading from blood red to grey before shutting off completely. Eyes watering, and spilling over, Dumbledore slowly ambled over to the beautifully ornate yet hopelessly defunct piece of equipment before him. The Potters had died. 'How?' 'HOW?!' He thought angrily as he wandlessly sent it flying across the room. Conspiracy theories whirling wildly in his head, Albus called Fawkes to him to phoenix travel to Hagrid's hut. After explaining the situation, the headmaster sent the watery eyed keeper of keys off to assess the situation while he reconvened the order once again, to issue horrible news. Dumbledore made it back to his office via Fawkes and first called on those who were in the castle. Minerva, in her surprisingly Slytherin green and silver colored tartan immediately stepped through to await the others, Filius quickly followed suite. Mad-eye was not where he was supposed to be, but on a hunch given the nature of their most recent meeting, was quickly found near literally drowning in liquor at the Leaky Cauldron. The Longbottom's were groggy and reticent to leave their infant alone, but obliged the request and shuffled through the floo as well. Peter was nowhere to be found, nor was Sirius, though the latter was hardly expected. The bastard was probably off celebrating with Riddle himself. Now having the most pertinent members of the Order of the Phoenix present, Dumbledore began explaining where their friends the Potter's had been, how and why. Following this, he explained what he knew of the situation that had presented itself only thirty minutes ago. The Longbottom's already knew how and why and though they were easily more distraught at the fact that their friends had been betrayed and murdered, they couldn't quite hide the brief looks of relief that flitted across their expressions at learning their son Neville wasn't the subject of that terrible prophecy. This relief was not to last however, as the reality of the situation sunk in. Alice, openly weeping at the loss of her best friend and her family, was the first to break the silence, "I demand to know who the secret keeper was Albus." She said in a tone that brooked no arguments. "It deeply, deeply saddens me to say, my dear Alice, that the secret keeper was none other than Sirius Black himself. Alastor, it appears your suspicions of a spy were correct after all." Dumbledore replied, eyes completely bereft of the ever-present twinkle. "BLACK! I'll KILL HIM WITH MY BARE HANDS!" Alastor shouted, vaguely waving his flask in the air as if trying to cast with it. More swiftly than one would have thought possible of a man with a peg leg, Alastor was in the floo shouting for the Department of Magical Law Enforcement headquarters and gone. Though the meeting was not over, none could bring themselves to argue his departure. Instead, they found themselves silently supporting him. Before any more drama could unfold, an itching sensation behind his left eye, triggered by the schools wards alerted Albus that Hagrid had returned, though he could not identify by what method, nor could he decipher the indications that there was slightly more of Hagrid than usual. Even stranger yet, Hagrid seemed to be heading toward the infirmary. "My friends, forgive me for calling on you and then leaving, but Hagrid has returned and I must speak with him. Frank, Alice.." Albus had to stop for words failed him right then. What could he say? Realizing he'd paused for too long already, he settled on what meager comforts he could muster and issue, "I am so sorry for your loss. We shall meet later to discuss how best to honor their sacrifice." With a few terse nods and no further ado, the headmaster extricated himself from the office and went straight for the infirmary. Upon arriving, Albus became disoriented. The scene before him was jarringly different than what he expected and it took him longer than he would care to admit to wrap his head around what he was seeing. Hagrid was wailing in the corner sipping on a calming draught which was to be expected, but Poppy Pomfrey was a storm of activity, the eye of which appeared to be an infant. In his stupor, Dumbledore's first thought was of a student having given birth. Reassessing that, he remembered that no students under his care had been pregnant that year, nor any other year during his entire tenure and furthermore to the best of his knowledge, never even under headmaster Dipet's reign had a child been delivered at Hogwarts. Unable to stave off his confusion, he made his presence known by first clearing his throat, then doing so again slightly louder in-between shouts of misery from Hagrid so as to be heard. Poppy's eyes never strayed from her activities but she called over her shoulder "Get in here Albus, I need you now!" Knowing Poppy, the situation must have been absolutely dire for her to call someone into her sphere of activities. Madam Pomphrey was not one who asked assistance lightly. "What is the meaning of this Poppy?" Albus asked, figuring the quickest way out was through. Madam Pomfrey explained tersely, "Hagrid brought young Harry Potter here. He found him in the wreckage of the Potter's cottage! Albus please look at this scar.. I don't know what these readings mean." Eyes widening to near bursting at the revelation, Dumbledore performed the diagnostics that Poppy requested, plus a few more for his own investigative purposes. Perplexed further by his findings, Albus dug deeper into his repertoire and finally came to a terrible conclusion. He performed the spell again, hoping he was wrong the first time but his efforts were to no avail. "Poppy, have you treated the boy? Is he healthy?" Albus asked calmly, belying the hurricane of emotions engulfing his insides. "Yes Albus everything else is fine but that's a curse scar! And it has properties I've never even heard of! Do you know what this is?" Madam Pomphrey implored. Indeed Albus Dumbledore knew exactly what had happened to this poor infant, though he could not, nor would not bring himself to say it for fear of anyone else discovering the possibilities and implications. "I fear, Poppy, that young Harry here has suffered a great ordeal. There is not anything further we can do. I assure you though my dear, that while this scar will likely be permanent, the boy is in no imminent danger. Hagrid?" Dumbledore asked, garnering the half giant's attention. "What has become of James and Lily? What did you see at the cottage?" Blowing his great nose into a shower towel, Hagrid replied "they're DEAD! Poor Harry 'ere's folk 're Dead pr'fessor!" Dabbing at his eyes, Hagrid continued, "Looked as though someone got ole you-know-who though pr'fessor, saw 'im lyin there meself. Dead as nails, 'im. Sirius wanted ter take Harry off but I thought it'd been best if'n I was ter take 'im back here fer Poppy ter look 'im over. Sirius agreed an' loaned me his motor wheeled thingy ter get 'im back 'ere quick-like." Albus was seething at how close the boy had come to being murdered a second time tonight, though that may have been a kinder fate than what that scar indicated. How could this be? Had it been an accident? But no.. The process to make a Horcrux was much more involved, it couldn't have happened by accident. But how could Tom have died if Harry was a Horcrux now? How could Tom have died regardless? Surely Harry could not have 'done the deed' as it were. Without answers and no means readily available to obtain any, Albus quickly assembled a plan of action. "Poppy, please watch baby Harry while I sort some things out. I will be back shortly." With a grim nod, Madam Pomphrey conjured a chair for herself and a sucker for Harry so as to quiet him. Seeing the immediate situation was under control, Albus left the school and apparated to Godrics Hollow to investigate himself. What he found inside the Potter's home was sickening and he had to pause more than once to keep his composure, this would be a longer night yet. After identifying James and confirming his death, Albus made his way upstairs to the charred remains of the nursery. Upon sighting the slightly burnt visage of Lily Potter, Dumbledore finally lost the battle with his emotions and let forth the small dry retching that had been fighting its way up his throat. Hiccoughing slightly at his turbulent breathing, Albus shifted his gaze to fall upon the blackened husk of what was the greatest enemy Wizarding Britain had ever seen. Through identifying charms, he ascertained the fact that this was indeed Tom Marvolo Riddle and he was without a doubt, 'dead as nails'. Rage flooded through the headmaster as he again thought on the fact that Sirius Black had had the audacity to try to kidnap the young Harry Potter after his master failed to kill him. He was certain that if Alastor failed, Dumbledore would be the very next in line to gift Sirius Black swift punishment. After searching a short while for Tom's wand and coming up empty, Albus conducted a few investigative spells, noted the readings, and erected the strongest notice-me-not charms he knew for both muggle and wizard alike over the ruined cottage and left again for the school. Dumbledore had not just seen but actually helped with the composure of the Potter's last will and testament and knew that Alice Longbottom was Harry's godmother, soon to be adoptive mother, but he was certain the boy would not be safe with them just yet. Albus needed to know more about the Horcrux in Harry's head first before he could endanger either the boy or the Longbottom's. Not only that, but with Sirius Black being Harry's God father and still at large, Albus was sure the boy was in imminent danger, seeing as Sirius would know about Alice as well. Once the headmaster made it back to the infirmary, he noted the additional presence of Minerva, expression like weather-beaten stone; hard and watery. "Albus, what have you found?" Minerva asked, desperate for better news than she had heard earlier. With a sad sigh, Dumbledore cast his gaze down toward his feet and replied, "It would seem that something went terribly wrong when Voldemort himself assaulted the Potter's tonight. James and Lily are dead.." Albus took a moment to let that sink in, when he saw Minerva's expression shift back to hardened determination he continued, "But it would seem that when Tom attempted to strike their son Harry down, a large explosion of magic occurred, wrecking the nursery and destroying Voldemort's body. In my investigations, it became apparent that the explosion was a wildly destabilized killing curse." Dumbledore was