For The Ultimate Patronus Quest Challenge (Horned serpent: write a story that takes place at a masquerade ball) and the Making Matches Challenge (Tom Riddle/Amycus Carrow, silver). The songs belong to Blackmore's Night. . This is what happens when I don't get my coffee. As soon as he got to the masquerade, Amycus saw a person of interest , as Rodolphus called them. The man was in deep conversation with Millicent Bagnold. "Isn't that an ugly thing?" Alecto called from his side. Unlike his sister –who wore a simple black mask that accentuated her red hair and grey eyes– Mrs Bagnold chose a rather eccentric mix of neon green feathers and magenta sequins. "And what about that companion?" Alecto asked. "Why don't you go and greet him, Amycus?" "Am I that desperate, sister?" he asked, wishing for a cigarette to help him clear his mind. He hadn't wanted to come but Alecto insisted and he could never say no to her; not after everything she had to endure during their childhood. "I just think you should go and say hi, brother," she answered, stoically as she always was. He thought that maybe she was the one who needed someone. "That's why we came here." Amycus snorted. "I came to meet with the Dark Lord, not to mingle with the proper crowd. You know we aren't the same as them." Alecto shot him a strange look and he didn't know how to interpret it. At the end, though, he went to the man thinking he should learn how to say no. As he approached, the former Minister Bagnold walked away. Her hideous mask was a stark contrast with the silver mask of the man in front of him. It had delicate embroidery fitting for someone of high rank; knowing that made Amycus want to go back to Alecto and sulk with her during the whole event. "Amycus Carrow," the man said without offering his hand to him. Amycus nodded. "I didn't expect to see you here. I know you avoid this type of gatherings." He looked around. Indeed. High society balls were dull affairs that didn't hold his attention. He hated them, from the grand chandeliers that precariously hung from the concave ceilings to the bold golden embroidery in the man's silk robes. "I came for work, sir," Amycus answered truthfully. "If I hadn't been called I would be at home. Perhaps paying a visit to my mother's grave. It would be a better use of my time." The man's laughter made his bones vibrate; his head felt on fire and Amycus didn't like it. He rubbed his hands together, nervous. "You are already here," the man told Amycus, offering his arm. The act was not impulsive. Each of the man's movements suggested a premeditated action with calculated consequences. "You might as well enjoy at least one dance." He hesitated. It wasn't unusual for him to dance with strangers, but that evening was, as he had already said, for work. Even his wool and cotton robes suggested he wasn't there to celebrate. It was then that the music began again. The quartet of strings in the centre of the room played a song he had heard before. It was the same song his mother had used when he taught him and Alecto how to dance. It was the same song his father had used for background music when he murdered his mother. Still, the man was right. Amycus took his hand and the man gracefully led them to where the rest of the couples were already going through the slow motions of Play, Minstrel, Play . The music enveloped him. Hear, listen, can you hear the haunting melody surrounding you, weaving a magic spell all around you? He knew the lyrics by heart, though the quartet didn't recite them and instead relied only on the strings of violins and a cello to make him feel all those emotions lingering beneath for years. For a moment, Amycus let go of his fears. It wasn't until he felt the heavy stare of the masked man that he opened his eyes; he hadn't closed them consciously. The silver material of the mask was the perfect colour to compliment the darkness of the brown eyes beneath the mask. Amycus thought he shouldn't be there, feeling those heart-wrenching emotions for a man whom he barely knew. "Is that something that bothers you?" the man behind the mask asked him, showing perfect teeth in a smile that terrified Amycus for an instant; he hadn't voiced his thoughts, of that he was sure. "Our dance can stop at any moment. You only have to let go." Amycus didn't. Instead, his grasp on the shoulder of the man hardened. His amused smirk angered Amycus, but he said nothing. Whoever the man was, it was someone used to get his way. "Well, if you don't mind then I will dance with the beautiful redhead over there. Her magic feels familiar. Is she a relative?" "As if you don't know she's my sister," retorted Amycus eyeing Alecto, who was sitting by herself in a corner. He could see the werewolf preying on her, and wondered if Alecto was aware. "Stop teasing." He might have sounded more entitled that he felt. The light and deep laughter of the masked man who smelled of pine and rain attracted attention towards them. Amycus was surprised when the dancers around them not only didn't scoff at them but inclined their heads to the masked man. His companion nodded at them, recognising their respect with a gesture of his own. The exchange confused Amycus. "Who are you?" he asked forcefully, stopping in the middle of the dance. The man didn't seem too preoccupied with his perceived insolence and appeared to be enjoying himself. Amycus pushed him off himself slightly but not enough to let go. He didn't dare, not only for the apparent high status of the man. If he was honest with himself, Amycus liked the pressure on his waist and the coldness of the stranger's hand. "It's strange," the man answered, leading him to one of the balconies. "You came here to serve me and don't know me? I don't know if I should be offended at not being recognised, or if I should be angry at your incompetence." They were alone in the balcony and Amycus wasted no time taking off his mask. To his fear, the man he now knew to be Marvolo Riddle didn't take off his own silver mask. Amycus saw as he casually leant against the iron railing. It was an astonishing sight. The powerful Minister Riddle exhibiting such nonchalance. Amycus almost laughed, nervous and fidgety. "I might keep you," the man said at the end. "If only for my pleasure at seeing you uncomfortable." "I won't fail you, my Lord," Amycus said promptly, bowing in front of Minister Riddle. He felt ridiculous thinking about their almost improper dance. He could still feel the strength of the Minister's arms as he led the dance, twirling and spinning as if it were something common for either of them. "Don't bow. I'm not the same Dark Lord," Minister Riddle told him with a derisive wave. "That would only have led us to defeat. Being the perfect wizard for the public has its benefits and I can't deny them." Amycus rose but didn't speak. He didn't understand why the Minister wasn't cursing him. The man he remembered was almost mad with power and dark magic. The memory of plenty of muggle hunts replayed in his mind along with the insane laughter of the Minister. He was right; he was different. "Put back your mask. This is a masquerade, after all." He did as the Minister instructed. When the mask was tied at his nape again, Amycus felt the hand of Minister Riddle taking hold of his waist again. "Minister?" His answer was a malicious smile. "I think I will keep you, Carrow," the Minister said. "You amuse me. It has been too long since someone spoke to me like you did back there. Why don't you do it now?" "You are the Minister of Magic," Amycus laughed, confused. "I'm your servant, my Lord." Though he didn't bow this time, the servitude was present in his voice. Amycus had followed the Minister since he was known as Tom Riddle, the muggleborn. His father had followed him too, before letting himself fade into insanity. Minister Riddle's path was the only way he knew, even if he had been welcomed to it when the Minister still went with the underground title of Dark Lord. "I don't need more subservient people following me," the Minister complained, once again forgetting all formalities. "I want an equal who can bear my temper and criticise my decisions. I need someone who can tell right from wrong and doesn't stop themselves because they fear me." He looked at Amycus. There was madness in the hard way with which Minister Riddle gripped his jaw to make Amycus look at him, yet he didn't find it repulsive. Amycus leant into the touch, eliciting a smirk from the Minister. "I'm not what you look for, my Lord," he said with honesty. He was shaking; there wasn't an ounce of foolish bravery inside him. "You want something like Rodolphus or even Lucius for that. If I remember well, they were clear with their wishes when we met the first time." "It has been a long time since then, Amycus," the Lord said. Amycus agreed; it had been so long that he hadn't recognised the man to whom he had sworn allegiance. "They are worms who thrive in the filth. Lucius cares for nothing but wealth and Rodolphus wants to bed Lucius' wife. That is the extent of the Dark Lord's most faithful servants!" His laughter was lost in the melody playing in the adjacent ballroom. For that, Amycus was grateful. The guests didn't have to know of their Minister's insanity. Not yet, when his reign had barely begun. "Then find someone else, Minister," Amycus said again. "Because I'm not what you need. I will agree with you for the respect I have you, and if my opinion differs I won't speak for fear of your temper." There, Minister Riddle chuckled. His hand was on Amycus' shoulder. More than a burden for him, it felt as if the contact was an anchor for his Lord. He looked around. Nobody was watching them, and he wondered if it was an enchantment on the balconies or if the Minister had cast a spell to prevent being spied upon. He was, insane or not, an intelligent man. "Don't you see what you do, Amycus?" a desperate man, unlike the composed Minister, spoke with his same voice. It was rousing in a way Amycus couldn't explain. To him, Riddle was not a simple man and to hear him speaking his name with that frenzied tone was dreamlike. "You are already doing what I ask of you." He might have been, but it was out of duty and nothing else. However, Amycus saw the Minister's point. "Is that why you had me come to a ball?" was the only thing he could ask. Minister Riddle laughed. This time the sound was sane. He grabbed his arm and almost dragged him to the ballroom again. The current melody was haunting –a sad adagio with melancholic notes. "I want my followers here, reunited," answered the Minister, pulling hm for another reluctant dance on Amycus' part. Once more, the strong grip of Marvolo Riddle's hands made him shiver with strange pleasure. "Is there a reason for that, my Lord?" "Call me Minister, Amycus," the man ordered. There was a flash of anger in his smile. It was something dangerous and Amycus felt dumb for not noticing it as soon as he arrived at the ball. How could he think that cruel smile was someone else's? His disguise was thin; the silver mask did