Chapter One The Rider Legolas sat cross-legged in the shade of the looming wall of the Keep at Helm's Deep, holding an arrow in his slim fingers and turning it around slowly in his hands. But his eyes were closed, his dark brows drawn down in concentration. He brushed his fingertips over the arrow's feathered end, using his Elven senses to judge the quality of the arrow. This one was perfectly weighted and balanced; it would fly straight under his direction. His light blue eyes opened at the sound of soft footsteps, but he gave no other sign of hearing the approaching person. His gaze remained straight ahead on the broken Deeping wall in front of him. The huge gap in the outside wall of the fortress loomed at him, and the memory of the battle that had raged three nights ago came back to him vividly. He squeezed his eyes shut again, trying to block the flood of images; the wall exploding, men and Elves hurled hundreds of feet into the air and then sent crashing down to the Orcs below. He tried not to see the one Orc running toward the drain with the torch . . . but Aragorn's screaming voice still echoed in his ears: "Ndengina ho! Ndengina ho, Legolas!" Kill him! Kill him, Legolas! Legolas' aim had been good, his Elven eyes flawless through the night and the rain . . . his arrows hit their mark, and yet the wall had fallen, the Orcs had poured in, and hundreds had perished. "Mani naa sina?" What's this? a feminine voice asked suddenly, breaking Legolas from his thoughts. He looked up sharply at the Elven words and saw a rather tall human woman standing next to him. He hid his surprise at hearing her speak Elvish so well and simply looked at her, waiting. "Lle hiraethaya ale'lakileallie?" You would sorrow after your victory? she asked quietly, looking down at him. Legolas stood at the question, slipping the arrow back into the quiver on his back and picking up his bow from where he'd laid it by his side. He turned to the woman, and his gaze bored into her soul. "Lakilea?" Victory? he scoffed. "N'lakilea! Cormamin nyeera ten'i ba!" Not victory! My heart grieves for the dead! "Do you know the meaning of the words you speak, edainme?" woman he growled, then turned away from her and made his way down to the inner throne room. On the way there Legolas regretted being so harsh, but it was too late now, by the time he looked back she'd vanished. He shook his head, angry at himself for losing his temper with her. He should be able to control himself after almost three thousand years of practice, but then again, Elves learned over lifetimes. Another pang of sadness stung him at the thought. Bodies of his Elven comrades still littered the grounds of the Keep and the outside wall. The war wasn't over yet. They had given up their immortal lives to help in the fight for Middle-Earth, and Legolas knew it was still likely he would give his in the end. "Legolas!" The Elf looked up at his name and saw Aragorn striding his direction, followed by the human woman Èowyn. Legolas slowed and then stopped as his friend approached and remembered how he'd almost lost Aragorn in the fight with Sarumon's Wild Riders. These were evil times indeed, when you had friends dying every day. Aragorn saw the look on Legolas' face and put a hand on the Elf's shoulder. Èowyn hung back, sensing that the two men wanted to talk alone. "Mani naa ta, mellonamin?" What is it, my friend? the Ranger asked. Legolas looked Aragorn in the face. "I'ram lante. Pilinea'amin pelekte telwa." The wall fell. My arrows struck too late. Aragorn shook his head. "N'uma, Legolas," No, Legolas, the dark-haired man said emphatically. "Lye coie. Lye sal'suula. Lye elee i'anoron!" We lived. We still breathe. We saw the dawn! Legolas dropped his eyes, his fist tightening around the grip of his bow. "Yes," he reluctantly agreed. "But so many dead. Such a price to pay for such a small victory. This war is far from over." His eyes rose once again to regard Aragorn, and then Èowyn, who quickly looked away when his eyes met hers. "Sarumon will only send more of his armies. I fear we will suffer many more such losses in the future." Aragorn managed a half smile and clapped the Elf's shoulder. "As long as there are some of us left to fight, Legolas, we have a chance." Legolas opened his mouth to reply but a shout interrupted him. Both he and Aragorn turned and then bowed as they saw King Theoden approach them, followed by a few of his weary men. The survivors of the Battle of Helm's Deep had been hard at work the last three days burying their dead and trying to rebuild the outside wall. It was all painfully slow work with so few laborers and so little time to plan. The dead Orcs had been burned in massive piles, the men and Elves buried half-ceremoniously in mass graves, some of which Legolas had helped dig. The sight of Halidir's body being laid in one had nearly broken him and later that day Legolas had gone and marked all the mass graves with stones. He'd carved an Elvish saying onto the one above Halidir's grave: Lissenen ar' maska'lalaith tenna' lye omentuva, translated as "Sweet water and light laughter till next we meet." The whole place smelled of death, and the surrounding stone and bleakness of the land made Legolas increasingly restless. The survivors were still burying the dead and struggling to erect even a few stones in the gap that had nearly caused their extinction. Hurriedly constructed wooden scaffoldings allowed some lifting of the stones the others managed to hack out of the cliff's face with axes, but it all looked eventually hopeless to Legolas. Four days now he'd stood on the wall or surrounding hills with his bow and arrows, watching always for the arrival of another black swarm of Urak-hai, ready to run and warn the others. He'd seen nothing yet, not even crebrain. He'd watched the people struggle from a distance as they began reconstructing the wall, thinking the whole time of his arrows striking the Orc with the torch, and failing to bring him down. At night, after hearing endless hours of Gimli's tales about the Dwarves' ability to build structures of stone, and then hearing everyone else assure the Dwarf that they wished some of his kind were there to help in rebuilding the wall, Legolas would go to bed and dream of evil and darkness. Something terrible was building in Isengard, something worse than the army they had just witnessed. He could feel it growing. It made him anxious. Anxious to make sure the One Ring was destroyed . . . Now King Theoden told them they had a rider in from Gondor who had news from Faramir about Frodo and Sam. Aragorn and Legolas rushed after the King to meet the rider in the inner throne room, Èowyn trailing after. Legolas felt his heart pounding in his chest as they made their way deep into the interior of the fortress. The Hobbits had made it to Gondor . . . a relief to know they were still alive. They hadn't strayed from their quest. They had made it so far, and past a city of men, he prayed they could finish the journey. King Theoden led the way into the throne room and Legolas followed. Several of the King's guards and horsemen occupied the tables to the side; some were standing around another person, whom Legolas took to be the rider. They were all talking loudly, but at the sight of the King a hush fell quickly over them all. The riders and guards parted to reveal a woman. Legolas felt strangely embarrassed and looked away from the woman's face as her brown-eyed gaze swept over him. It was the woman he'd spoken to up on the Keep's wall. He coughed lightly into his hand as Aragorn went forward eagerly and greeted the woman. The King welcomed her next, followed by his niece Èowyn, and then all attention seemed to focus on Legolas. He swallowed, slung his bow over his shoulder, and stepped forward. "My Lady," he said softly, folding his right arm over his chest and bowing deeply. "I am Legolas Greenleaf, Prince of Mirkwood. I apologize for my harsh words earlier. Please forgive me. This tragedy has made me not myself lately." A trace of a smile hinted at the woman's lips, but then she was serious again. "This tragedy has us all disturbed, Legolas Greenleaf. I accept your apology." Legolas nodded to her and straightened from his bow, noticing the look King Theoden tossed to him. But then the King turned to the woman. "Do you two know each other?" "We met briefly just earlier," the woman answered, her eyes still on Legolas. He held her gaze this time, studying her. He'd heard her name in the introductions; she was called Laimea, and had fair - if not dust-covered - features and long auburn hair she'd braided. The braid ended nearly at her waist. She wore a simple riding tunic and pants and a scabbard at her hip held a sword – an Elven sword, he noted. But he had no more time to scrutinize her. King Theoden sat on his throne and the others took seats at the nearby tables to hear what she had come to say. Legolas took up a spot near one of the wooden support poles and leaned back against it. "What has Faramir to say?" the King asked, gesturing her to sit at a bench. "We hear you have news about Frodo and Sam and the journey of the One Ring?" Laimea did sit at one of the tables, not too far from Legolas. She looked mostly at him, Aragorn, and Gimli as she spoke, although occasionally her gaze drifted to the others. "Faramir, brother of Boromir and son of the Steward of Gondor, bid me send you word that Frodo and Sam have passed safely through Gondor and have moved on toward Mordor." There was a collective sigh of relief from the three former members of the Fellowship. "How is Frodo faring?" Aragorn asked. "And Sam?" Laimea took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "They both fared well, but Frodo . . ." "What?" Legolas asked, stepping forward. "What about him?" The woman looked at him, hearing the urgency in his tone. "I saw him with my own eyes before they left Gondor," she answered slowly. "He has resisted the Ring so far. It has not yet taken him, but . . ." Legolas felt frustration welling up in him at her hesitation. Why wouldn't she just come out and say what she wanted to say? "But what?" he prodded, stepping closer again. "His strength is wearing thin. He won't be able to hold off much longer. The Ring is calling to him, I could see it in his eyes." "I knew it," Legolas whispered, turning away from her and facing the support pole. Then he turned to face Aragorn. "We should not have let the Hobbit take the Ring. He is not strong enough, he won't make it to Mordor. The Ring grows stronger with every step he takes toward Mount Doom! It'll take him before he gets there." "And would you do better, Elf?" Aragorn asked evenly, his voice a dull edge in the silence. The look in the man's eyes made Legolas suddenly realize what he had said, and he was abruptly ashamed. Gimli looked nervously back and forth between the man and the Elf. Legolas shook his head. "No," he finally said into the quiet. "You are right, Aragorn. Frodo has