Hello readers! Welcome to my new story This is my second fanfic, it's actually a sequel to my first story; I Found You , you don't need to have read it to understand this one, but I would as the events in Mockingjay turn out differently for many of the characters, plus Peeta and Katniss' relationship is at a completely different stage First off, I hope you all enjoy this story as much as people seemed to the first part, I really look forward to hearing what you all think! A big thank-you to my amazing beta ct522 who also beta'd my first story and did such a brilliant job. A quick disclaimer - none of the characters etc belong to me, they are property of the amazing Suzanne Collins Happy reading! Peeta's POV I missed her. My mind was a mess, since the War I'd completely lost my hold on reality. But one thing I did know was that I missed her. The way her grey eyes would peer up at me through her eyelashes, the soft touch of her small hands as they grasped onto mine, the way her thick hair flowed down her back when it wasn't tied up in a braid. They had done many things to my memories of Katniss, distorted them, changed them to make me think she was an evil mutt. But they could never remove the longing I felt when I thought of her. After the explosion in the City Circle things had been a lot harder, my episode's had been duller but much longer and my memories were all mixed up. I had only seen Katniss twice, during the meeting of the Victors – where she had completely thrown me by voting for another Games, and Snow's assassination – where once again she'd surprised us all by killing the wrong President. I had to admire her determination – although it didn't help quell the nagging feeling that she was out for my blood. Haymitch had spent a long time explaining to me why Katniss had killed Coin. I didn't know how he'd worked it out, he'd seen her almost a little as I had, but they'd always had an understanding between them. Hearing that Coin had sentenced Prim to death was enough to set off another one of my episodes. She was an amazing person, she embodied all that I loved about Katniss. Dr Aurelius suggested we started from the beginning – my mind was such a mess that I couldn't even tell what had actually happened, nor when it had happened. We went through all the tapes of the first Games. The memories flowed through me easily, we'd been through them enough. I had loved Katniss, and she had cared for me – but definitely not loved me. I remembered her admission on the train, one of the worst moments of my life. We then moved onto the Victory Tour. Haymitch helped me with those ones, he'd spent a lot of time with the two of us, and it seemed we hadn't been overly secretive with our late night sleepovers. Those memories brought on a whole different kind of sensation – the sheer need to hold Katniss tightly in my arms, feel her body pressed against mine as she sighed in her sleep. Next was the Quarter Quell, my memories of that were the hardest, the Capitol had managed to destroy a lot of the footage and had targeted my memories with Katniss. She had shown a whole different side of herself in those Games, for the slightest moment I had felt as though I really had her love. I remembered our kiss on the beach, the way her lips had moved needily against mine. What I would do to have her lips touch mine again. I remembered the pearl I had given her, along with the locket. I had been told Katniss still had the locket – but I still had the pearl tucked tighly in my pocket. My one remaining piece of the girl I loved. My torture was the hardest part to go through, Johanna helped me a lot with that. The memories would come back to me at night in the forms of nightmares. I had been beaten, injected, electrocuted, you name it. I had never come to terms with my capture after being rescued from the Capitol. I hadn't even had time to contemplate what had happened to me, plus the Capitol had managed to brainwash me into thinking Katniss was at fault, not them. My memories from then on were easy to access once I was told what had happened. The Capitol hadn't fed me any distorted images of my time in Thirteen or during the War. I only had my confused mind to contend with. However, those memories had been the hardest to accept. Each time Katniss had shown me affection I doubted it, and I had no one there to confirm or deny what I was thinking. I wasn't allowed to contact Katniss, Dr Aurelius had said I wasn't ready to hear her voice. The last time I had seen her she'd shot someone with an arrow – it wasn't the most reassuring memory. There were some memories that stuck with me, of Katniss saying she loved me. No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't shake those memories. They stuck in my mind and refused to be forgotten. But I refused to believe them. I had waited so many years for Katniss to love me, and her falling in love with a boy ruined by the Capitol was too far a stretch of the imagination. Finding out about Prim had only been the beginning of my grief. After my memories had been sorted out, Dr Aurelius started delving into the loss of my family. I had never mourned them, and I hadn't planned to. But then he started to show me pictures, pictures of the burned out District Twelve, the bakery in ruins, my empty house at the Victor's Village. That's when the tears started, and they refused to stop. I needed her, my Katniss, I knew she wouldn't know what to say but she would hold me, just as she did all those times on the train. She might've even kissed me lips a couple of times, made me feel like there was someone left living for. I had failed in protecting my own family, what kind of a man did that make me? My therapy sessions went from every other day, to once a week. Dr Aurelius often commented that he was happy with my progress, but I didn't feel any better. I was alone, stuck in the Capitol with no friends, no family, no Katniss. But where did I have to go? There was Twelve of course, my original home, where I had been told Katniss had been confined to – but then Twelve came along with the memories of my family and friends which were now gone. I could always go to District Four where Johanna, Annie and Finnick were – but it just didn't feel right. Delly would often come and visit me during my time in the Capitol hospital, I didn't question why she hadn't gone straight back to Thirteen or Twelve. I knew the feeling of not knowing where home was anymore. Effie also came to visit a lot, although she wouldn't last long before the tears were welling in her eyes. She blamed herself for what had happened to Katniss and I, but I tried to convince her that it wasn't her fault. She had been brought up in a life much different to ours, she had proved herself much better than many of the other escorts when she had shown she cared about us. Eventually I started to feel better, stronger minded. The episodes were fewer and further between, and I was getting better at determining what was real. I had even taught Delly the game Katniss and I had played; Real or Not Real, although she often seemed disappointed if she couldn't help me with the answers. But Delly, being Delly, often managed to put a smile back on both our faces moments later. One day, however, when she came to visit I could immediately tell something was on her mind. "What's wrong?" I asked as soon as she came in the door. She laughed lightly, shaking her head at me. "What would make you think something's wrong?" "You seem upset." I observed, her eyes were much more distant than usual. "I'm not upset, just confused." She sighed, forcing a small smile as she looked at me. "I heard Dr Aurelius talking about something earlier. They're going to let you leave the Capitol." "Oh," I murmured, not quite able to take in the news. I had become too well accustomed to my life stuck in the rehabilitation ward that I had almost forgotten the end goal. "Where will you go?" She asked quietly. "I… I don't know." My eyes dropped into my lap and I suddenly felt useless and unwanted. I had no home, no one to go back to. "You should go back to Twelve Peeta. She needs you." Delly looked at me earnestly, I of course knew who she was on about. Katniss, the girl I had loved since the first time I had heard her sing when I was only five years old. The girl who apparently loved me too. But could things ever be that simple? "I could spend the rest of my life trying to kill her Delly." I sighed. Of course things weren't simple, I had been programmed to fear everything about her. "You won't though." Her voice was determined. "You've come so far Peeta. Don't you think she's worth fighting for?" "Of course she is." I blurted out before I even thought about it. I had fought for Katniss so many times, put myself in danger to save her. But could I really risk hurting her just to allow myself the warmth of her company? "Well then," Delly smiled, but the sadness was still there in her eyes. "Are you sad because I'm leaving?" I asked confused. Delly and I were friends of course, but I'd have thought she'd enjoy life without having to babysit an unstable boy. "No," she quickly shook her head. "I'm glad you're finally able to leave. I just don't know what to do with myself." "Come back to Twelve with me." I said like it was the simplest thing in the world. She sighed lightly, obviously overlooking my blunt attitude towards the subject. "I don't know Peeta, I don't have someone waiting for me like you do." "You have family." I urged. I knew Delly's parents had died in the bombings, but her grandparents had returned to Twelve – and she could take her brother back with her. "And I'm sure many of your friends have already returned." "Hmm, I don't know Peeta." "Why don't you come back and help me move in? I'm sure Dr Aurelius would prefer me to go back with someone watching over me. If you don't like it, you can just come back here on the next train." By the look in Delly's eyes, I knew I had convinced her. So it was agreed. Dr Aurelius had lapped up the idea of Delly coming back with me, pointing out that it wouldn't be easy for me to see Katniss on my own. His words unsettled me, the thought of being a danger to Katniss was something I couldn't bear. It was only a week later when we found ourselves packed up and loaded onto a train bound for District Twelve. Delly had agreed to come on her own, and would either send for her brother or return after a week. She didn't want to uproot him twice. We spent the next couple of days on the train, Delly made the most of the exquisite