Hi guys! This is the first chapter of what I hope will be a long story. I always appreciate feedback, so feel free to review. It's the summer now so updates should be quite frequent, no promises from the end of September however. Hermione stared out of her bedroom window and watched as her twin brother Nial played outside with his friends, Miles Mulciber and Theon Flint. All three 10-year-old boys were on broomsticks and currently trying to throw quaffles through one of the three Quidditch hoops, situated to the left of the maze in Hermione's garden. None of the boys were impressed by the size of the Avery manor as not only had they seen it before, but they all lived in places of a similar calibre. However, to someone from a less affluent background the manor was extremely impressive. The building was made from stone and had many turrets protruding from various sides, and from these turrets one could clearly view the entire Avery estate which stretched for miles; the most prominent feature being the large maze that took up more than 10 acres of land on the property. However, the inside of the manor was inarguably more impressive, with the design emulating that of every other pureblood's home in the U.K. Everywhere you could look there were portraits and statues that were thousands of years old, and not a speck of dirt was present anywhere due to the work of the numerous house elves the Avery family owned. Hermione felt as though she was the only person in the world that could not stand the manor, and when she was given the opportunity to design her own room she had of course jumped at the idea. Instead of the dark colours that featured prominently in the rest of the house, Hermione had opted for silvers and golds, and as her bedroom was in one of the turrets, she was able to turn one of the walls into a massive window overlooking the estate. Hermione's mother had of course not let Hermione have a sub-par room and so everything was overly ornate, but at least it was cheerful. The bed was a shimmering silver, with a gold bed frame, and all of the furniture was gold while the curtains and carpet matched the bed sheets. Hermione had had to promise that the amount of gold in no way meant she wanted to be in Gryffindor once she reached Hogwarts age. Hermione had decided that this small lie was preferable to the consequences were her parents to know that the gold represented exactly that. Remaining on the window seat, Hermione turned away from watching her brother and looked back down to the book she was reading. No matter how hard she tried, she could not concentrate on the words swimming before her, as she was just too nervous. Hermione had never been overly confident and hated being the centre of attention, which was why the ball coming that night had made her feel sick for the last several days. Hermione had been a very sick child, and the doctors had not been convinced of her survival beyond her childhood years, and so for this reason her parents had decided to hide her existence. Had it been any normal disease her parents would probably have not been ashamed, but as it was, the disease could only be contracted by children of parents closely related to each other and while incest was a common occurrence among pure blood families, especially those of the sacred twenty-eight, it was still something to be hidden and left unacknowledged. It was not until Hermione was declared healed ('a miracle!' the doctors had exclaimed as no one had ever been known to fight the disease) that it had become a possibility for Hermione to be introduced into pure blood society. That night was going to be the first time Hermione had ever met anyone besides her brother, parents and house elves, and to say she was nervous was an understatement. As Hermione had not been allowed to be around people, she developed an avid obsession with fiction and had read every fictitious book she could get her hands on. However, she could not stand non-fiction books and had often been told off by her father, who tutored her in his spare time so that she would not be behind her brother who had formal lessons three times a week with a tutor. Try as she might, Hermione just could not gain a passion for learning as she would much rather delve into a book and pretend she many friends, and boys falling at their feet for her. It was so much more exciting! The prospect of making actual friends that evening was the only thing Hermione was looking forward to. Whenever Nial had had friends round, Hermione was forced to go to her room and not be seen, but that would all change this evening! Hermione let out a squeal of shock and promptly fell off her window seat as a loud POP sounded in her bedroom. 'Tiny is sorry miss!' Hermione's house elf exclaimed as she ran over to help Hermione stand. 'That's the fourth time I've injured myself this week,' Hermione grumbled as she stood up. 'It's not your fault Tiny, maybe one day I'll get used to magic.' Hermione was very clumsy person, and often hurt herself due to the unfortunate fact. Tiny happened to be the main reason for Hermione's shock as the elf had an uncanny ability to arrive at the times when Hermione was most distracted, or absorbed in her thoughts. Tiny was Hermione's personal house elf, given to her when she was a one-year-old as her mother had struggled to juggle being a socialite with a darling son, and also caring for Hermione while she was ill. Hermione loved Tiny as much as, if not more than, the rest of her family. 'Tiny is here to get you ready for ball, Miss Hermione!' Tiny squeaked enthusiastically, pulling her tattered cloth sleeve back up over her shoulder. Hermione gulped, she hadn't realised it was only two hours until the ball. 'Okay Tiny, will mum be coming to help?' Hermione questioned while walking to the bathroom attached to the bedroom, once more decorated in gold and silver. 'Miss has said she cannot come, she is too busy overseeing the decorating in the ball room,' Tiny said with a frown as she ran Hermione a bath. 'Oh'. Hermione climbed into the bath and let Tiny wash her, spending extra time conditioning Hermione's hair which, while was only wavy, could turn itself into knots in a matter of seconds. Hermione had inherited the Avery hair trait of brown waves; the knots however were completely unique to her. Once Hermione was out of the bath and sat in her dressing gown while Tiny dried and curled Hermione's hair, she asked in a nervous whisper, 'Tiny, do you think I will make any friends?' 'Of course Miss will make friends!' Tiny exclaimed. 'Miss will be the belle of the ball and will no longer have to read her books.' Hermione smiled at that, no matter how many friends she may make she would never stop reading. Two and a half hours later, Hermione was led over to the mirror by Tiny, who had assured her that while the guests were to arrive half an hour ago, Hermione still had ten minutes until her grand entrance. Hermione smiled when she saw herself; her usually manic hair had been calmed and turned into delicate ringlets that bounced as she turned this way and that in front of the mirror, accentuating her youthful features such as her round cheeks and wide, bright blue eyes (another Avery trait). Her straight cut dress fell to below her knees and was a deep forest green, picked by her mother, ever the slytherin. Hermione felt pretty as she twirled around in front of the mirror, like one of the older girls from the books she read, and she turned around to give Tiny a hug. 'You is looking beautiful, Miss,' Tiny beamed. 'It is being time for your entrance.' Nervously, Hermione took Tiny's hand as the smile fell from her face and she headed towards the largest of the manor's ballrooms. Hermione's mother had informed her that all the pure-blooded children her age in the country were going to be there, blood traitors excluded of course. Hermione personally thought blood purity was ridiculous, and long ago promised herself should she be allowed to make a friend she wouldn't let a silly thing like blood stop her. Reaching the entrance of the ballroom Hermione met Nial, who was going to walk her down the stairs once she was introduced. As this could happen at any second she and her brother immediately took their position holding hands and looking straight ahead and Nial only had time to whisper 'I bet you trip down the steps,' before the doors swung open. Gulping, Hermione looked down determinedly at her feet, desperate to make sure she didn't topple over and instantly forgetting her etiquette lessons. Rule number 12: always look up with your back straight, never at your feet. Once she made it down the marble staircase she looked up triumphantly only to immediately meet the glare of her mother. 'Oh yeah,' she thought, 'rule number 12'. Silence stretched out as Hermione looked around nervously, hundreds of eyes on her. Doing a quick curtsey once she remembered, Hermione let out a breath as music began to play and the focus was brought away from her. 'You have to walk around with mum for a bit while she introduces you to people, I'm gonna go find my friends,' Nial said dismissively as he wandered into the crowd. 'Nial wait!' Hermione hissed, but it was too late, her brother was gone. Hermione very suddenly wished she was back in her bedroom with her books as she felt her mother's hand clamp down on her shoulder. Hermione looked briefly up at her mother and saw a very fake smile plastered on her face, her blonde hair scraped back into a bun at the back of her head as she guided Hermione towards a group of adults, including Hermione's father. 'Remember your cover story,' her mother whispered as they neared. Hermione of course was not allowed to let anyone know the true reason for her anonymity in the wizarding world for all these years, and so instead her parents made up a story for her. If anyone were to ask, which was most likely, Hermione was to say that she had been in France with a distant cousin, so as to gain the more glamourous education system of Beauxbatons, a French wizarding school which you could only go to if you were brought up in the country. However, the untimely death of her cousin had sent her back into the arms of her loving parents who had simply missed their darling daughter too much to let her leave again. It was a good thing Hermione had been forced to become fluent in French since a young age, as was the case with most pure-blood children. Hermione curtsied once more and half listened as the adults gushed over how cute she was, choosing to focus more on the ballroom. Hermione had never been here during an actual ball and was slightly disappointed by the lack of change. Her mother could not possibly have spent the whole day decorating the room as the inherently ornate ballroom, while impressive, looked the same as usual. The only change was the platform added with a string quartet playing classical music, and the table laden with expensive wines and champagne. Hermione was brought back to the conversation when she was directly addressed by a woman introduced as Walburga Black. 'So, Hermione, you are ten years old yes?' the woman asked sternly as she looked down at Hermione