Modern AU, based on the movie Last Night. Written for Prompts in Panem day 6: reconciliation. Blindsided, that's how Katniss feels when she goes out for her morning coffee and runs into Peeta. It's been two years since she talked to him, longer since she's seen him, but there he is, standing in front of her in the sidewalk, smiling like their love story had a happy ending. Sometimes - lots of times - she wishes it did. But it doesn't, and she doesn't know how he can still look at her like she's the only woman he sees, and she doesn't know why it still makes her feel like the earth is tilting under her feet when he does. "What are you doing here?" she gasps. "I wanted to see you," he says, reaching out and playfully tugging in the end of her braid. "So you just walked around the city until you found me?" "The return address on your Christmas cards," he explains, pointing to her apartment building a few doors down. "And I know how much you like your morning coffee." "What if I'd moved?" "You didn't." "But what if I had?" she persists. "Then I would have waited until next year, I guess. I'm only in town until tomorrow morning though, and I've got meetings all day, but I was hoping we could catch up over drinks tonight." She hesitates and he doesn't miss it, and he can't really help it when he asks if Gale won't let her out for one night a little contemptuously. "He's out of town," she says, and even though it's been years he can still tell she's hiding something. "Then you've got no excuse." xxxx It doesn't escape Katniss' notice that she's taking more care getting ready to meet Peeta for drinks than she did last night to accompany Gale to his company party. But if her Aunt Effie taught her anything it was that, when you run into an Ex you need to look your absolute best, she rationalizes. And she hadn't been at her best this morning in jeans and a hoodie and her hair plaited into a messy braid. Of course Aunt Effie would probably still think her under-dressed in the simple, silky wrap dress the color of plums she slips on, but she knows Peeta would think her beautiful even if she looked like an extra from The Walking Dead. Still, she wants to remind him of… something. Maybe missed opportunities. Katniss might have said, "I do," to someone else, but he made mistakes too, and if she can't look at him without thinking of every single 'what if', she thinks he should have to do the same. Predictably, Peeta's face lights up like the sun when she walks into the bar at The Capitol Hotel and he pulls her in for a quick hug and a whispered, "you look beautiful," that sends a frisson of pleasure down her spine. He orders her a whiskey sour, an innocent, "what?" slipping past his lips at her censorious look. "It can't be one of those kinds of nights, Peeta," she reminds him, the weight of her wedding ring feeling ponderous on her finger. "Shame. My room is just upstairs," he says like he means it. Katniss narrows her eyes at him, sizing him up. He's never been so flippant with her, even when she was single. "You're different," she decides. "I am," he concedes. "A lot of things can change in a year. I've changed a lot in the last year." "Yeah, it can," Katniss says noncommittally. "And how have you changed this year?" "Your timing is crazy, you know?" she says, ignoring his question. "Why? Are you getting a divorce?" "No," Katniss says sternly. "It's just… sometimes I think I can summon you if I think about you enough. But I always think about you when things are bad." She swallows the rest of her drink in one gulp, hating that where she's always kept everyone else out, she always lets Peeta in. "Why are things bad?" he asks softly, seriously, his voice full of concern. She shakes her head a little, staring contemplatively into her glass. "Forget it. It's just normal, married stuff anyway. Tell me about you. What are you doing in town?" "I'm setting up a showing of my paintings at District 4 Gallery. Actually I'm meeting the owner and his wife for dinner in a little while." Katniss heart drops through her feet. When Peeta asked her out for drinks she thought she'd have him to herself for more than a few minutes. "I should go," she says hastily, reaching for her coat. "No. Come with me. You'll like Fin and Annie," Peeta says, grabbing her wrist and staying her. "I don't want to intrude… it's your work dinner, and -" she stutters. "You're not intruding. I want you to come with me." "No, I shouldn't." "Please? I already told them you're coming with me. I really do want you to go, Katniss," he pleads. "You're sure?" "Yes," he says, emphatic. Peeta helps her into her coat, and Katniss is hyper-aware of his hand at the small of her back as they wind their way out of the crowded bar. It's only a few minutes walk to the restaurant, their last few minutes alone, and as much as Katniss wants to ask him other questions, she sticks to something nice and safe. "What else did you do today? You said you were going to be busy all day, this morning." "Had a breakfast meeting with my art dealer, Plutarch, and then I spent the rest of the day at the hospital doing art therapy stuff with kids," he ticks off. "You were always really good with kids." "It was nice, making art for art's sake. Sometimes I look at my paintings and all I see is how I'm going to pay my electric bill." Katniss laughs at that, merry and bright. She doesn't think she'll ever look at one of Peeta's paintings and see anything other than his talent, but she knows what he means. Almost as soon as they're through the door a handsome, copper-haired man shouts out to Peeta. They embrace like old friends and Katniss just stands there, feeling awkward and left out. "Finnick Odair," the man says, jutting his hand out for her to shake. "And this is my wife, Annie." Katniss has never been good with strangers, but she slaps a smile on her face and tries her best to sound excited about meeting them. "You're very beautiful," Finnick comments, wagging his eyebrows at her suggestively. "So's your wife," Katniss dead-pans. "I didn't realize you were seeing someone in New York," Finnick casually comments as Peeta holds out Katniss' chair for her. "Oh, no, we're just friends," she says, flushing. The restaurant is one of those trendy little places that hip people go to see and be seen, if the number of people who stop to chat with Finnick and Annie is any indication. The food is surprisingly good though, and lamb stew might be the best thing Katniss has ever eaten. "Katniss!" someone calls out and she doesn't even need to look up from her plate to know it's Clove; she'd know that sniveling, grating voice anywhere. They do the usual, "hi how are you?," and, "oh I'm fine," routine until Clove pointedly looks at Peeta and asks where Gale is, the tone of her voice clearly conveying what she thinks is going on, what with Peeta sitting so close and the little looks and touches they've been sharing that she must have seen. "Oh, um, he's in D.C. on a business trip." "Right, well, it was nice to see you out and about," she smirks before walking away. "Your best friend?" "My neighbor," Katniss scowls. "Who's Gale?" Finnick asks around a mouthful of scallops. Both he and Annie ordered them and Katniss wonders if they're on some weird diet, like they don't eat anything with a face because it makes them feel less guilty. "My husband." The air around the table shifts noticeably, but before it gets too heavy with the things all of them aren't saying and Katniss has to bolt out the door to try and outrun her embarrassment at the supposed indiscretion, Annie politely asks what she does for a living. "Are you a painter like Peeta?" "I'm a singer, actually." "A wonderful singer," Peeta says, squeezing her hand reassuringly under the table. "The first time I heard her, I swear even the birds stopped to listen." "Do you have an album out yet? Should I know who you are?" Coming from anyone else the question would probably be insulting, but it's hard to be insulted with Finnick smiling at her, all charm and dimples and straight white teeth. "I do -" "- and it got great reviews," Peeta interjects. "And next to no sales," Katniss reminds him. "Ah, well, some of the best artists go unnoticed or unappreciated while they're alive," Finnick says consolingly. "Once you're dead, I'm sure you'll be a huge hit." "Thanks, I think." The chef herself brings them a sumptuous looking chocolate hazelnut cake for dessert. Her name is Johanna and she's got short spiky hair, and an obvious history with Finnick. But it does at least allow Katniss and Peeta to do the thing they set out to do tonight: catch up. He asks about her sister, and she asks about his father and brothers, and they just talk and it's nice. At least until her phone rings and Gale's face pops up on the screen. She doesn't miss the dark look that flashes through Peeta's eyes as she slips outside to take the call, but if he wanted her to himself maybe he shouldn't have taken her along to his business dinner. The first thing out of Gale's mouth is, "I'm sorry about our fight last night." And he actually sounds contrite. "Yeah, me too," she admits, but after that there's nothing but uncomfortable silence until he asks what she's doing. "Just getting a bite to eat," she says vaguely. "What about you?" "At a bar, on K street." "Is Madge there with you?" Katniss asks suspiciously. "No… she went back to the hotel, I think." "It's awfully quiet for a bar." "I'm in the men's room. I'm sure some drunk will be banging on the door soon, but I wanted to call you, make sure we were okay. I know leaving before you woke up this morning wasn't -" "- it's fine, really," Katniss says, staring at Peeta through the window. Whatever he and Finnick are talking about has him clenching his jaw in irritation. "And we're fine, too." "I'll call you in the morning, okay?" "Good luck tomorrow." "Thanks. Love you." Katniss tries to say, "I love you too," but the words stick in her throat and all she gets out is, "you too," before hanging up. Almost as soon as she disconnects she gets a text message from her uncle Haymitch reminding her to feed Effie's dogs while they're out of town. "Everything okay?" Katniss looks up to find Peeta watching her, her coat in one hand, a tiny take-out box with the rest of her cake in the other. "Fine. I just need to go feed my aunt's dogs," she grouses. "Want some company? Dinner's over anyway." "Shouldn't we say goodbye to Finnick and Annie?" "I already did, for both of us. And I saved your desert," he says, shaking the box demonstratively. "I know that's the most important part." "You just think that because you grew up in a bakery," Katniss comments as she flags down a taxi. "No, I think that because I know you." xxxx Katniss watches Peeta out of the corner of her eye as she fixes bowls of food for Caesar and Claudius, Effie's poodles. They're sitting in the kitchen perfectly patient and perfectly alert, and Peeta