Chapter 1 The loud music blared out of the speakers. I quickly glanced at Cassandra to make sure she was here and not making out with someone like she promised. Of course she was having the time of her life dancing and singing like at every party she takes me to. I felt my throat start to feel parched so I went to get some punch. I quickly poured a cup and gulped it down in a matter of seconds. I shot the cup in the air and made a basket into the garbage can. "Yes!" I yelled a little too loud. I had never been very good at basketball so that was pretty good for me. I turned around and I saw my archenemy, Trevor Wheatley. Of course I knew he was coming over to me because I can read minds. I know you may not believe that can be possible, but us vampires each have special powers. Mine, obviously, was to be able to read minds. So I know practically everyone's deepest and darkest secrets. I can also trace back into their past. "Hey beautiful!" he yelled at me. "Shut up Trev!" I quickly combated "Since when do you call me Trev?" he asked with a suspicious tone. "Since now…" I questioned as I looked at him with a dumb founded expression. "So you… wanna dance?" He looked at me with his bright red face. In his head he was picturing him in a black suit and me in a pink strapless, dancing at prom as prom king and queen. I knew he could easily get that down since his father owned almost half of our little boring town. "In your dreams, Trevor!" I said angrily. "What I just asked to dance, you don't have to yell in my face!" he innocently replied back. Guilty, I replied, "I'm sorry". "I'm not a little kid, and I've been trash talked by you in way worse ways. I think I can handle my broken heart." he said chuckling. "Whatever" I said a little annoyed. I knew if he understood that I was a vampire he wouldn't even come close to me like everybody else in this school. It was a little bit past midnight and I knew it was time for me to take Cassandra back home for her to be able to wake up in the morning. Of course my family, myself and my parents and some of my brothers and sisters didn't have to go to sleep at all. RING! The school bell rang. I was already seated while the rest of my first period English class came in. I was at my favorite part in the book Twilight. It was a good book, although since half the facts about us vampires and werewolves were correct I assumed that Stephanie Meyer was a vampire herself. A few of my sisters didn't like the fact that it had no witches in it. "Good morning class." Mrs. Evens said with her sharp, teacher like voice. "Good morning Mrs. Evens." Everyone replied back. " We have a new student today" Damn, I thought. The only empty seat was next to me. "Please welcome Alex Sterling." I slowly gazed up at the beautiful human. Even his thoughts were perfect. "You may take a seat over there next to Niki." Mrs. Evens blankly said. "Um hello, my name is Alex." He said smiling shyly. I had to laugh at that but I kept it at a grin. The thoughts of the other girls in class we're all about him. "Hey, I'm Niki." I said in great awe. I couldn't believe the way he melted my heart, even though I didn't have one. I thought to my self and thought I have lived since the renaissance and I have never felt this way. Even with my family. "Niki, could you please share your English book with Alex?" Mrs. Evens asked blandly. " Uhh… sure Mrs. Evens." I said a little scared. I knew that I had to control myself. If I got to close to him I knew I wouldn't be able to handle myself and while being the oldest in my family, I'd have to put my best foot forward to my soul mate. Yes, my soul mate. "Open your books to page 660 class" she said skeptically. I obediently did and slide it half way over to Alex. He nervously put his hand on the table and was thinking about me. How beautiful I was, how nice, how shy, how my smile looked, I could see everything in his mind. If I could I'd be blushing as bright as a pomegranate. "Eleanor Roosevelt" Mrs. Evens started reading. I paid more attention to Alex's background, where he was from, who his best friends were. Everything. "Niki, could you tell us where Eleanor Roosevelt was from?" she asked since she my face being distracted. "Um….." I was waiting for her to think the answer so that I could say it. Usually that's how I flow, but this time Mrs. Evens was thinking about how to punish me. " New York" Whispered Alex. "New York." I repeated. She glared at me and started reading again. "Thanks for saving my butt" I whispered. Giggling he sweetly said "No worries." RING! The bell rang. As everyone got up I asked Alex if he had his schedule time for his periods yet. As I read them I said " You have the same schedule as me, and your locker is right next to mine" I said excitedly. As of now I was ecstatic. As I sat down in my seat in my Spanish class, my favorite brother, Phoenix, came over and asked me what's wrong. I hated that he new me so well. I shyly smiled and said "I found my soul mate." His smile was so wide that it could probably reach the ends of the world. He hugged me tight. Alex came over thinking that Phoenix was my boyfriend and turned away. I quickly said, " Alex, this is my purple mohawk brother Phoenix. Phoenix, this is Alex". "Hey, man what's up?" Phoenix said giving Alex a pat on the back. " Nothing much, you?" he questioned. " Eh… same as usual." He said as he shrugged his shoulders. " You wanna meet the rest of our siblings? This is the only class that most of us are together." " Sure why not, so far you guys are the only ones talking to me." He smiled. We started out with the witches (Phoenix's soul mate first of course) . " This is Rachel and Cassandra." He pointed out . Then he went on to the werewolves. " This is Strike, David, and Jagger." Showing each of them out. Finally he went to the vampires. " This Alexander, Raven, and Nina." He said " Everybody, this is Alex" and he mouthed " Niki's soul mate" and everybody looked at me. Art class, as I know it, it's the best class in the world! Especially since Mrs. Ray teaches it to us. " Free day guys." She said lazily. Everyone new what that meant. We could draw, paint, sketch and socialize. Alex stuck to me Phoenix and Rachel. He was a really cool kid. He loves to soccer and basketball. I knew I would come to every game he played. I was surprised when he rolled up his sleeves to find huge muscles. Phoenix thought he used steroids, but of course, all knuckle headed, purple haired freaks would think that. Social Studies. The most useless class to me. I had already lived through all this. In fact I was originally Nicole Addams, even though the teacher completely ignores me. It was time for lunch, the most important part of the day. My siblings and I took up three tables. Lucky for Alex (and me) we had an extra seat. Vampires survive on two things 1. Blood 2. Ice cream. We had ice cream every day and once a month we would go hunting animals for blood. Everyone sat in his or her normal seats with Phoenix on my right. Alex took the seat on my left. We all started to dig in our food. Vampires with ice cream, wolves with meat and witches with licorice, yuck. Alex only had sandwich. He didn't care at all. I was glad that he was my soul mate, he made me comfortable. Telepathically, Phoenix was asking me when we would tell Alex about us. I shrugged as if I was just stretching my neck. Phoenix and I would have tons of conversations like this. "So Alex, wanna come to our house after school?" asked hot-headed Mike. "Sure I'll call my dad later" he quickly replied. I grinned at Mike. He shrugged like it was nothing. Math. SO boring. SO complicated. SO many different methods to learn. I always got strait A's in math class. Alex was completely clueless so I taught him how to do it, and I have to say, I'm a pretty good teacher. Well I guess I should be. After math we went to our lockers and got ready to go home. Alex called his dad earlier and with my super hearing I could hear his dad saying that he knew it would be fine and that he would make friends. When his dad said that, he thought 'yeah, girlfriends too'. I giggled. On our way home Alex was in awe. He managed three words "So many cars." I never rode in a car before; I've always took my motorbike. Cars kept you in and safe. On a motorbike the thrill is endless. "Shouldn't we wear helmets?" he asked "Not when I'm driving." I said in a girly manner. "Uhh….ok" he said a little scared. He hopped on a patted the seat behind me. After he climbed on and held on tight to my stomach, I started slowly at 100 miles per hour. I didn't want to scare him, but apparently he already was. " Pull over!" he yelled. At the curb he yelled "Are you crazy! Are you trying to get us killed or something?" "I was going slow, only 100 mph" I said innocently. He was frustrated. "How about I drive" he asked " I'd rather walk" I said reluctantly He grumbled and got on behind me. This time he closed his eyes. When we got home, we found out that we were the last ones there. "Hey mom, hi dad" I said as they opened the door. " This is Alex, Alex these are my parents" this is weird I thought " You must be Niki's sou-" I mouthed no " sou-cial buddy." Jilly (my mom) said. Everyone in the room let out a big sigh. " Niki I think you should tell him." said John (my dad) " Tell me what?" asked a curious Alex. " Oh nothing…" I quietly replied. "Uh huh…" Alex knew I was hiding something. We played video games, watched television and talked until it was time to do our homework. At 10 o'clock Alex's mom called and said he had to come home for dinner. I didn't like just seeing him go home. So I followed him and climbed up to the room Alex was in. He has a really cool room. Filled with astronomy stuff and a table filled with beakers and chemicals. WOW I thought, he was just like me. He came into the room; I hid in his closet but kept a crack open. He put down his backpack and grabbed sweats and went to the bathroom. When he came back he turned of the lights and went into his bed. He was probably really knocked out since he fell asleep in a matter of minutes. I came out and sat in his chemistry seat. It was really comfy. I started to stare at his face only because his majestic face was facing me. At around midnight