A/N: This is a mid-length story about how a movie star finds love in a prison. Favorite and follow. And, Enjoy! Full Introduction: Preparing a movie, Percy Jackson, the famous young actor, director and model, heartthrob of Hollywood, went to a place in order for his movie to be produced with higher reliability. In the infamous prison, Annabeth Chase, the tough leader of the female prison, the woman holding tons of guards' heart hostage, found herself unable to resist the attraction from Hollywood. Meet Percy Jackson, producer, actor and director. A 25 year-old slowly rising to fame. Meet Annabeth Chase, an ordinary girl whose not in control of her own life, whose fate was not in her own hands. Percy Jackson, 25, spotted coming out of a prison, and not just any prison, it is the infamous female prison, the one and only in San Francisco with the most influential criminals and drug dealers. What is he doing there? Who is he seeing? And what not, his manager is with him. From the looks on their faces, the young Hollywood heartthrob isn't quite happy about the trip. According to his spokesman, this visit is for the purpose of the next film. The 25 year-old producer and director let out the message that he is working on a new film, but will not be giving out details about the movie just yet. That was a section from a random magazine was cut out and stuck on the wall of a prison cell next to one prisoner's bunk bed. "Is he the Percy Jackson you're always fangirling over?" The gray-eye blonde asked with a scoff, her back turned to the owner of the bunk bed. "Yes?" She answered the blonde fearfully. "He was here. Mother." She declared defiantly, "a few days ago," she added, much to the blonde's annoyance. The blonde nodded in acknowledgment of the answer and sauntered away slowly, not feeling the need to tell her that he was here for her. Throwing one last despicable glance at the piece of paper plastered on the wall. ¢.¢ The next film was only just an idea that had been in Percy's mind for a long time initially, it wasn't something that he was determined to make, but since its birth, the idea had been developing in his mind rapidly, in the end, Percy decided to give it a shot before ditching it completely. "What is the film going to be about?" His manager, Nico Di Angelo asked. This manager of his had been with him even before he became famous. They were cousins and they were best friends, although they did have many disagreements, but they weren't anything unresolvable. "I want it to be about a female prison, but I don't know anything about it, nor do I know where to find all the sources." Percy expressed his frustration honestly to his close relative. "Speaking of which, I actually have a place for you." Nico said excitedly. "Where?" That got Percy's attention, he lifted his eyes up and turned to his manager, asking him with a voice full of enthusiasm. ¢.¢ The car stopped in front of an old building with fences surrounding the four sides. The building was big and dark, even under the bright dazzling sunlight, it looked void of light. As a celebrity with a requested special visit, he was led straight to the warden's office. The most elegant place in the whole area. The warden's office was a dull place, however, the lights were not dim like the ones elsewhere making it appear to be warmer. The cold weather made the house look even more freezing and unwelcoming. It's the middle of a winter day. The warden was just taking his nap, but the phone call from Nico had got him on his feet at once. Welcoming the young international star into the room, he offered him a cup of warm coffee in which he nicely declined. "Mr Warden, we're only here to make investigations to form ideas in order to develop the new film that Mr Jackson is planning on making." Nico went straight to the topic, not wanting to spend any minute longer in the suppressed space. The two visitors remained standing, not planning to sit and have a chat any time soon. "We'd like you to take us to the inmates and the cells, introducing a person that we can question will also be in our favor." He requested. "As you wish, gentlemen." The warden heaved a silent subtle sigh, standing up from his chair, he led them through the dark hallway himself before handing them over to the guard on duty at the entrance. "You have until the visiting hours in the afternoon." He instructed, and then left with a nod of goodbye to the celebrity. Percy and Nico followed the guard deeper down the hall, walking through a door consists of metal bars, they saw bunk beds with walls separating one with another. Two people would share a space together. Their sheets and everything were white, their clothes were in the mixed shade of the colors yellow and khaki. It was plain with no decoration apart from their full name's initials on it. Despite every clothing being white and bright colored, the room was still lit with only a few lamps, radiating off a dim pale gleam from the four corners and from the one atop on the ceiling. When they turned their heads to scan around the room after their existence in the common cell gained attention from the prisoners, they saw a light in the far corner flickered then darkened. Percy narrowed his eyes in that direction in curiosity, but then decided to drop it, maybe that light had a connection problem. When the guards went with Nico for an inquiry on their job and their life as guards, Percy suddenly felt all eyes on him and analyzing him closely. Before he could take a step, a group of girls who were just about his age swarmed around him, giggling and pointing fingers at him. Some brave ones even prepared a paper and a pen for him to sign on, they stuffed the materials under his nose as if he couldn't see properly. Signing off a few autographs, he suddenly remembered his purpose of the trip here. Flashing them a smile, he looked away from the crowd, contemplating whether or not he should just pull out a random fangirl to ask questions, but soon decided against it. As his eyes roamed around the room, he faintly saw smoke coming out of a far corner where the light flickered off. Pointing a finger in that general direction, he asked the girls around him who quietened when he was about to speak. "Is the wire on fire there?" He asked only out of safety concerns, he knew that the facilities could be poor in this place. "Oh no, it's The Lord. She's smoking again." One of the input, at least that was the only clear answer he'd heard from a bunch of shouts. Percy could hardly imagine that this place was the only one in this big city for most influential female criminals. "Whose the Lord?" He asked, scrunching up his eyebrows in confusion. "Annabeth Chase." That same person said out loud, but was quickly slapped by the others. "Don't call her full name. You're not allowed, even Piper's only allowed to call her by her first name." The person who shushed her scolded. "Lord Annabeth." She quickly changed her tone and her words, trying to redeem her mistake. Suddenly developing interest in this Annabeth Chase, she sounded like the mob head around here, in this prison. Percy thought she must be someone in mid-age and someone very experienced with corporate crimes. "Can I meet her?" He asked, voicing his thoughts. The crowd suddenly went silent, some even walked away with their heads down. Percy was even more confused. When his expression merged from excitement to confusion and to annoyance, he was facing a crowd of muted people. It seemed that she wasn't planning on showing her face herself, so he started to walk towards the direction of the smoke. The crowd gasped, but no one stood up to stop him. He could smell the smoke from nearby the corner. When he was near, he felt that he had been engulfed by darkness, with the lowered whispered talk coming from that place, he felt a cold shiver traveling down his spine. Before he could make a sound with his mouth, the talking stopped. The atmosphere became tense and the temperature dropped straight down. Urging himself to move forward in order to meet this mysterious Annabeth Chase, rounding the corner formed by two walls, he found himself soon standing in front of two girls, one in tank top and another in a sports bra with a tank top clutched in her hand. Both of them were wearing a pair of old saggy jeans. In the windowless surrounded darkness, he couldn't make out anything. The only visible items were their clothing and a orange light coming from the cigaret head. He had took in their dress by the shades and the vague outline. Closing his eyes for a moment to let his eyes adjust to the lighting, when he opened them again, he found himself face to face with one of them, her were in dark shades, because there were very little reflection of light. He heard faintly that the two women on the floor muttered a short conversation as his eyes were getting used to the darkness. Finally, one of them started talking, to him. "Who are you?" She asked, her tone intimidating and demanding. At first, he thought she was Annabeth, but on second thought, he didn't think this Annabeth Chase would have the need to kick someone out herself. "Why are you here?" Although not the expected greeting, but that would do, for now. "Percy Jackson, I came to see Annabeth Chase." His voice quivered a little by the startling voice from the girl. Looking past her, his eyes went back to the floor, assuming that the one on the floor, smoking would be their Lord. Someone cleared their throat from the corner. The girl in front of Percy looked down to that person, Annabeth, and then quickly turned her attention back on him. "The Crime Lord will not see anyone." She ordered simply, yet her command sounded really powerful. Even without looking, Percy could felt the eyes of the girl on him, glaring at him, burning a hole through his forehead. "You will see yourself out." She repeated the same instruction, this time the force was stronger, urging Percy to leave. "I wish to make an appointment with Annabeth Chase next time." He said before leaving, that was the only sentence he was able to manage under the intense gaze of the girl without the cigaret. Moving out of the corner, his feet led him out of the darkness involuntarily. When he was out in the brightness, the other prisoners all gazed up at him, but none of them were as enthusiastic as they were when he first entered. Walking up to a random person, he leaned on her wall, wanting to know something about their Lord and her friend. "That person is Piper McLean." The prisoner said. "I'm going to get punished for saying their full names today." She then muttered to herself quietly, hoping that Percy didn't hear it, but he did. Not reacting, she continued to inform him. "Piper allows us to call her by her first name but forbad us to use her surname. She'd prefer Master, but The Lord doesn't allow it for some reason. As to The Lord, we are forbidden to use her name, we are only allowed to call her 'My Lord' normally or 'Lord Annabeth' when she's in a good mood. We reference her as 'The Lord' behind her back. They