A/N: Another long one-shot by me. Sorry if the line breaks failed to work, they should do. Make sure to review, favorite and follow~ Enjoy. Introduction What do you call it when you don't fall for your designated soulmate but for a complete stranger? Luke Castellan and Annabeth Chase were meant to be soulmates. They had each other's initials written on the inner of their wrist. They were suppose to fall in love with each other on their first date. That was how the world was set up, and it was how it should work. But on their very first date, everything went in the wrong direction… Tuning out on their first date, she spotted a bored looking guy tapping on his glass of drink as if waiting for someone that he wasn't looking forward to meet. She find him strangely attracting and wants to get close to him for some reason. She knew that everyone only has one name of their soulmate written on their wrist. When Annabeth got up, lost in her own mind, completely forgetting that she was on a date, walking up to that stranger. She didn't even know why but she felt like they have something no tangible but still exists, something that is hard to describe using words. Stumbling into the set opposite of him, she knew that she wasn't controlled by herself, but she didn't want to be pulled back into her real soul. She never believed in soul mates, and she was secretly hoping that this stranger in front of her doesn't too. Percy Jackson on the other hand, would be kind to you only if you knew him. He'd do anything to a strange if the person asked for it. So he was surprised to see a woman leading him to somewhere he was foreign to. Third Person POV Sitting across Annabeth Chase talking was Luke Castellan, her soulmate, destined soulmate. Pinching herself hard under the table, that didn't stop her eyes from wondering around the fancy dining room, nor had it stopped her mind from zoning out. Luke, on the other hand, was too engrossed in his own story, that he didn't even notice the loss of emotions in Annabeth's eyes. The twinkle in her eyes that he saw had extinguished, the unique steel gray eyes had turned dull. He wasn't aware of his surroundings until his date had stood up and left the table dreamingly. As her eyes went around the room, she saw another man with black hair, in suit, sitting alone at a corner with a glass of wine in front of him. He looked bored, as his fingers kept clicking the wine glass, taking sips every once in a while. Following his stare, she found that he was looking at the door, perhaps waiting for his date. Slowly, she was probably dreaming, but his gaze turned into a glare, an angry scowl appeared on his face. She found herself enchanted by him. Everything about him seemed appealing. Maybe a contradiction to the person sitting in front of him, babbling on and on about something that she didn't know and didn't care about. Her first impression of this Luke guy could be described as — good-looking and self-centered. She stood up subconsciously, and made her way to the table at the corner. Leaving her drink at her table, completely ignoring he man sitting in front of her that had been babbling on and on for the past hour. She sat down in front of the stranger, a guy with black hair in suit, who was seemingly waiting for someone that would doubtfully show up. She poured herself a glass from the wine bottle sitting on the table into the glass right in front of her. The sound of her putting down the glass after taking a sip startled the man sitting across. "Who are you?" He asked, alerted and cautious. But before she had the chance to answer, her blond hair date stomped to their table, apologizing for her behavior and dragging her away. On the way out, he accused her of being drunk, but she said. "I am completely sober, in fact, I didn't even touch the drink before me. I've only took one sip of the drink that man ordered." He snorted, not believing a single word she had uttered smoothly out of her mouth. ¢.¢ "We're soulmates Annabeth, and we're meant for each other." Luke argued with her, he was still patient and talkative like the one she remembered and liked. Annabeth couldn't say she disliked him nor could she say she was in love with him, but she did admit that she loved him, just not like a lover. She thought if she had given it a little bit more time and spend a little bit more time with Luke, she might eventually have actual feelings towards him, but the longer she was with him the longer the image of the black hair man in the restaurant showed up in her mind. "We should live together." He had always emphasized this to her. He was a patient man when they met, and he still is, but Annabeth just couldn't fake a relationship. She had of course dated people, she knew how it felt when you truly liked someone. She had never felt this way with Luke, and she knew he liked her. He had told her that he loved her, but she didn't say it back, only to find an excuse saying she was not ready to say it. "I found this apartment that we can share, wanna go and check today?" Luke offered, and Annabeth found it hard to reject, especially because this was one of the many things that the soulmates were expected to do. So that day, she got off work early and went with Luke to a lakeside compound. The environment was the most ideal and the price was not too high, it was still affordable with the two's salary. However, Annabeth wasn't too thrilled about moving in, she had been less intimate with Luke lately, she hand't been trying to be the good girlfriend that she had always pretended to be. It was too tiring. Just as they got out of their car in front of the big gate, Annabeth saw a familiar figure with a woman next to him across the street, walking in their general direction. She froze, but not long enough to be caught. Apparently that person saw her, because he, too, paused for a bit and when the girl asked him what happened, she was dismissed quickly. Following Luke in to the house, he told her that apart from the owner of the house, there would be another couple coming to look around, and the owner hoped that it was find. "Yeah, sure, it's fine." Annabeth said absentmindedly, secretly hoping that the other couple wouldn't be the one she saw, it couldn't be. They moved along in the house. Luke stuck together with Annabeth, insisting that she share her view points on this building. Not wanting to give out her real opinion and satisfy him, she started to go on about the structure and architectural aspects of this house and the building, then she related to the general environment, then commented on the direction of the window. Annabeth commented on every corner and discussed every detail of the apartment, without giving out her own opinion, she just vaguely went along with whatever Luke said, and whenever he said he was going to do something, she decided against it. From the corner of her eyes, she saw the other couple, the pair that she saw when she got off her car, entering. She quickly scanned around the house, from the ceiling to the floor, diverting her attention. As she kept on talking about unrelated factors and unnecessary facts about the place, she felt the other two coming nearer and nearer to them. When they finally got within talking distance, Luke, being the polite and kind person from the two reached out. "Hi," he said, extending his hand for a shake. The man wasn't paying attention to him, instead, he was fascinated by Annabeth's nonsense rambling. So when the extended hand was reached out, the woman next to the guy took the hand. "Hey." She greeted back. Not realizing that her boyfriend, or perhaps, soulmate, was staring at the other girl with an utterly weird look. "I'm Drew, Drew Tanka." She introduced herself. "The name's Luke, Castellan." Luke said back, and at the time, Annabeth found out that Luke was no longer listening, or at least pretend to listen, so she stopped. Just to find a pair of familiar, yet unfamiliar eyes boring in to her gray ones. She knitted her eyebrows together, narrowed her eyes in confusion and stared back at those mesmerizing orbs. Luke soon became engaged to a heated conversation with Drew about the house and about how it would be the perfect choice for a house for their lifetime companion. On the other side of the house, unnoticed by the excited couple, the staring contest came to an end. "It's nice to see you again, Mister." Annabeth courtesies, bowing a little. It was now his turn to narrow his eyes, staring at her in total amusement, he bowed back. When he finally found his voice back, he said. "Pleasure's all mine, Madam." "Is it me or have they," she gestured to Luke and Drew who were walking around the house, laughing and talking, occasionally bumping in to one another playfully, looking like they were enjoying the other's company, "establish an unspoken agreement?" "Is it me or have you stopped rambling." He copied her sentence structure, however, his tone told her that he had agreed with her previous point. "I've stopped rambling ages ago." She rolled her eyes, but stopped when she saw his face, an expression that wasn't anger, or annoyance, or amusement, it was sort of a mix between amusement and a mystified look. "Or have I not?" She added at the end after studying his face. "Okay, maybe I haven't." She decided in conclusion. He still hadn't say anything, because he didn't have the chance to do so. "No, you are," he finally said after she stared at him for too long, waiting for him to say something, "still rambling." Separating his short phrase to prolong the time he had to talk. "You haven't stop rambling." He explained. "What made you this anxious or this nervous that you have to talk this much to relieve the stress?" He asked curiously and somewhat ironically. "Ha, very funny, young man." She mocked playfully, but didn't speak any further. "Since you don't seem to be very interested in this house, why don't we go take a look on the balcony, or perhaps a walk around the compound to see what's near?" He suggested, basically hinting that he also wasn't interested and he was available for any sort of activities. "I appreciate your suggestion, sir." She started, making him think that she was rejecting his proposal. "And I would love to join you for a walk to look around." She finished. "Hmm… I like that twist." He commented lightly as he led their way out of the door and in to the elevator. The ride down was quiet, if the ride was longer, the awkwardness in the atmosphere may become strong enough to choke them. "Where to?" Annabeth asked, dropping the politeness address and starting to act like as if they were old friends. Not minding a single bit, he shrugged as a reply. "How did you two meet?" She asked once they sat down in a cafe with their orders in hand next to a window booth. "I don't like talking about this soulmate stuff." He replied coolly. "Were you drunk or on drugs when you came to my table and poured yourselves a glass as if we knew each other?" He accused