A/N: Compared to Same Old Love, this story is less intense, and less adventurous, and less complicated. This contains more friendship and less intense drama. This story has a happy ending, and is just basically high school drama, but I do promise that there will be no clichés. It's a mortal AU, and starts with high school, and it is a boarding school. Always in third person. Rated T. _Fonts' variation will appear before every chapter on this same spot_ Bold - A/N Underline - setting/time Underline + Bold - sub setting Italic - flashbacks, letters, notes, song lyrics Italic + Bold - texting Italic + Underline - texting Bold + Underline + Italic - third person in text, extras Full Summary: Everyone has an untold secret that was hidden the deepest. Even the famous teen heartthrob, Percy Jackson; the young soccer star, Annabeth Chase, had one. But, just like in Gossip Girl; just like in Pretty Little Liars. Secrets would always be revealed and exposed. No matter you like it or not, it will always be unprotected, and told in the end. Somethings are only known by outsiders, aka., audiences or readers, but not the insiders. Got nothing to do with any songs by the way, didn't really know where the idea came from. 'Got a secret, can you keep it? Swear this one you'll save. Better lock it in your pocket, take this one to the grave. But no one keeps a secret, no one keeps a secret…' "Hey guys, since I'm new this year, I need to get all the names and faces together, so would you please, each of you, introduce yourself, and tell me something interesting about yourself." "Annabeth Chase, junior, obviously, and since the teacher requested, I will tell you something interesting and people don't know about me. I only hangout with boys, and my brother's girlfriend. Yes, hangout, I said hangout, not make out. Don't ask me why, because I won't tell." People laughed at her introduction. They actually listened to her. Unlike any other introduction people hear, Annabeth's captured all of their attention. People only pay attention to newbies if, one, their hot, or two, their well known. Annabeth didn't fit into any of those category. Maybe the first one, but she had hid herself pretty good, because she had been to enough schools to know what her classmates' reaction would be if she did certain things. She heard a whistle from the back of the room. Turned around to see a senior with messy black hair and sea-green eyes staring at her amusingly. Annabeth winked at him and flashed him a smile. He winked back, and gave her a lop-side grin. She mentally did an eye roll and turned around and sat back down. She had dealt with this way too much for a life time. Though, one thing that she wouldn't deny was that, damn, this guy's hot. Testing out the water unnoticeably was her strength in relationships. She made it look like that she was close and friendly to almost everyone, but that was her way of choosing who to hang out with. On her first day, after the first period, when the first sentence came out of her mouth, people already started to like her. She couldn't be categorized as a society beauty, but she most certainly had a way with people. She was sociable. When class ended, she collected her belongings and walked out of the classroom, her blonde curls bouncing as she walked. She smirked when she felt people's eyes on her. She only had one class this morning and it was free period. Juniors' schedule was mixed with Seniors. She went to her locker and found a crowed of people near it, narrowing her eyes she walked closer. Pushing through without making any excuses, she went straight to her locker. Whispers and fingers were all pointing towards her, it was obvious that her introduction and her behavior in her first class had been spread around the whole school. Not that she cared about what people said. She continued to fiddle with her things. Then she felt two shadows above her, covering her light source. "Look who we've got here." Jason said ruffling Annabeth's hair, causing her to turn around and glare at him. "Aww… Poor little Annie." Luke sketched her chin with one finger teasingly. Annabeth scoffed in disgust and sent him a glare, too. "Ugh, fuck off you two." She shoved the two blonde boys playfully, but with annoyance. "By the way, you two," she leaned against her opened locker. Her tone turned, forgetting the teasing they'd done to her just seconds ago, "does Percy Jackson has black hair and sea green eyes?" "Yep, that's him." Luke said while Jason nodded. "Why?" "Oh nothing," Annabeth shrugged. "He's in my first class." "And?" "Nothing." "Did he flirt with you?" Luke asked, turning into his overprotective big brother mode. "Yea, why?" "Please tell me you didn't flirt back." Jason said. "What?" She rolled her eyes when she saw where this was going. She had gotten used to her two brothers cornering her, and going all protective about her, she appreciated it, but sometimes, it was just a little irritating. "Damn it. I have a social life. I flirt with boys, I hangout with boys, I sleep with boys, I kiss them, and also happen to date some. What? Problem? I don't see any since I am a junior for your information." She said with a huff and turned back to gather her things from her locker. Jason and Luke sighed. "You're the one to judge." She pushed past them and walked towards the stairs, the two boys followed behind with their hands in their pocket. "You two, both captains of a school team, I'm not here for your freshmen till junior year, and god knows how many people had you two slept with before you two finally settled on two decent ones." "I didn't?" Jason murmured. "Both of you don't approve of Reyna." Luke and Annabeth said nothing, although both of them heard it loud and clear. "Where are we going?" Luke asked out of no where as they descended down the last few steps of the stairs. Annabeth shrugged in respond. "Show me around then since both of you don't have a place to go to." Both boys shrugged in response. People walked past them and greeted Jason and Luke. Some of them didn't greet Luke nor Jason, but stared at Annabeth. Annabeth just rolled her eyes. "I didn't tell you this, but in my last school, people think that I am a slut, because I only hang out with boys, and most of them are in some sort of school team. They thought that I slept with all of them. That is one of the reasons I don't have any girl friends except your girl." She gave Luke a pointed look at her last comment. "And now I think most people are thinking that I must be experienced to have two popular captains showing me around." She smirked and wiggled her eyebrows at the two boys who rolled their eyes in turn. "Come on Jace, you must have a string of girls chasing behind you." She nudged him. "Yea, cheerleaders." He scoffed. "Hmm… And isn't those your type?" Annabeth teased and move closer to his face looking at him innocently. "Nope." He chucked and shook her head. "You're insufferable Annie." "I thought you say this to your girlfriends." She continued to tease him like an innocent little sister. "Damn you're annoying." He said and pushed her away playfully with a playful glare. Luke was trying not to make a sound while clutching on his stomach laughing his ass off. "Hey I'm hurt Grace." "Good. So now you can shut up with my love life for once." He stuck out his tongue at her. "So now you admit that you have a love life huh?" She raised an eyebrow questioningly with a slight of amusement. Luke stared at him too as Jason blushed and turned to look away. Annabeth turned to Luke and fist bump him. They laughed while Jason nudged her resulting her crashing into Luke because she was laughing too hard to keep her balance. They spent their whole free period joking and walking around campus. Annabeth was getting looks from people, because after all, she was a newbie. People thought that it was unfair to be with the populars when you just came. "Shit! I have PE on my first day of school, and that means I will be stinky all day, not that I mind." Annabeth grumbled, didn't really know why she swore in the first place, because PE was usually her favorite class. "We have it with you too." "And how does that make me feel better?" Annabeth asked as they reached the locker rooms. "Because you get to spend time with your bros." Luke said ruffling her hair and gave her a peck on the cheek. Jason followed and pecked on her other cheek. Annabeth pushed Jason's stomach lightly with her fist and said, "asshole." Yet, she couldn't suppress the smile that was surfacing. She quickly took off her clothes and just left her turquoise sports bra on. She put on a black yoga shorts and tied her sneakers and walked out into the gym. When she entered, she caught Luke and Jason scowling at her, and she just raised an eyebrow, asking them why silently. They put down the ball and walked toward her. Towering over her. "What?" She asked with her arms crossed in front of her, looking up at them. She followed their stares and looked down. "Oh." She said. "Yea, right, 'oh'. When did you get that?" Jason asked, a lace of anger in it. Luke was still busy checking it out and admiring it. There was a cobra around her waist, and it was full on attacking mode with its mouth open, teeth revealed and the side wide open. Its tail was at the side of Annabeth's left hip and it went from the back of her waist. Its front bit stood on the right side of her abs. She supposedly had six pack, but it was only visible if you looked closer. From a distance, you could count four with out squinting your eyeballs out. "Sophomore? I think?" This came out more like a question. "Got that with the football team back in L.A., if my memory is correct." She added. "What?" She started to get defensive of her favorite and most secretive, yet proudest tattoo. "You allowed this though." She stretched out her left hand, using her right hand and pointed to a symbol of the Master of Death in Harry Potter on her thumb joint. "Yea, but that was a small one." Jason argued. "Ya? So? I still don't see how the size is related. It's not like people can see my cobra." She scoffed and pushed passed the two boys and went towards where the coach and the vast majority of the students were standing. She didn't pay much attention to what the coach had said, but enough for her to know that they were doing track and field this unit, and their warmup was a 1500m. They started running, and soon there was a distance between the jocks and the others. Annabeth easily caught up with the jocks, and soon she was in the very front with the only three people, Luke, Jason and Percy. "Still have your morning run?" Luke asked. "Yep." She perked. "Wanna join?" She nudged Luke and squeezed between him and Jason. Jason was talking with Percy about some family stuff since they're cousins. "Sure, why don't you invite these two as well." He motioned to Jason and Percy. They turned just in time. "Wanna join little Annie here for her morning run?" Luke asked, in which Annabeth hit him in the stomach for using