A/N: I had been thinking of this story for a long time, and every time I thought of a story line, it ended up similar to this one. I actually had trouble thinking of the title, and I changed it many times when I was still composing. Also, I don't know how frequently will I be able to update, because honestly, I am not a good story writer, and not good with words, so I write slow. I will try my best to make it interesting. The story line I thought of was quite interesting, I think, but I'm not sure if I could present it to you the way I think of it. I may not be as good as some other writers on this website, but I would still like to try, because I actually found it quite interesting to write. I really don't want to say this, especially at the very beginning, and I think that most people will think of this as a spoiler, so I will just make it brief. It's just a warning. This is a Percabeth story, and there will be mentions of Jasper, no Thalico, because their counsins. Hope you like my story. Also, Nico and Thalia are cousins also with Percy and Jason's Thalia's twin brother. Happy reading! Also, I am assuming that all the readers to this story know the key features of the main characters like Percy, Annabeth, Piper, Thalia etc., so when you read the description at the beginning you will be able to know who is who, so I presume that the names won't be appearing as a shock. This story might have something to do with the Selena Gomez song, but it was not my inspiration. Romance might not be the main genre, but it still plays a big part. Drama and hurt/comfort is more like it. Though the genre of this story will still be putted as Romance/Hurt/Comfort. Still want to tell you people that there will be romance inside. This may not be the best summary, but if you like complicated stories, then this is your cup of tea. I warn you here, everything is going to get complicated as the story proceeds, so this also means that there will be more confusions, and I will try my best to avoid it. Anyway, I just need to emphasize that THE RELATIONSHIPS WILL BE COMPLICATED. SUMMARY: (Annabeth Chase) She was not the same to people who knew her. (Percy Jackson) He was numbed to every emotion. (Piper McLean) She was not always the decent one like in other stories. (Thalia Grace) She was the only one that understood everything. There were stories that were untold, truths that were not exposed. She wanted a new start with him. He wanted a chance to explain himself. "I'm so sick of that same old love, that shit, it tears me up.". Both of them wanted something new, not only a new relationship or friendship, but to renew everything. Will that wish come true? After all the things that happened, namely the 'incident', will they return to their old self? Will they be less cold hearted, and be less sensitive to emotions? Rated M for swearing and drug use/trafficking. Not the best summary, maybe not fully summarized the story, but read on if you fee like it. The last two weeks before graduation, also the most dramatic weeks for Annabeth, Thalia, Nico, Percy, and Jason. They had just finished their last few exams, and someone was throwing a party to celebrate. This was what all college students do after two stressful weeks of exams and revisions. Unfortunately, Annabeth, Thalia and Nico weren't really those party type. They were planning on staying at home and have a scary move night. They had it all planned, until the call from Annabeth's boyfriend, Thalia and Nico's cousin, Captain of the Swimming team, Percy Jackson. They had been dating since high school, they were the high school sweethearts to everyone. People always knew that they wouldn't be spotted separately, usually. After nearly three years of dating, they were still lovey-dovey, and inseparable. "Wise Girl, care to spend some of your precious time and come to the party with me?" "No, and don't get drunk Seaweed Brain, I assume that Jason will keep you out of trouble." "Please?" Percy was pouting at the other end of the line. Although Annabeth couldn't see it, but he knew perfectly well that Annabeth knew. "How about a no." "I don't take no as an answer. I know you're hesitating and giving in." He then teased. "Ugh… Fine, but I'm bringing your cousins." "Yea sure, I don't mind as long as you came. See ya in a bit. Love ya." He hanged up. "It seems like we were going." Annabeth sighed to the other two who were groaning. "Just wear something casual, shall we? Its not like people actually care what you wear, it's not a prom, or anything serious." She added. They arrived the place not long after. They wore nothing special, but their usual clothes. None of the were fans of make up. Percy was already at the door waiting for his princess, Annabeth Chase. "Looking good Wise Girl." He kissed her before she was about to say something, because knowing Annabeth, Percy knew that the next thing that came out of her mouth would not be something good. She would probably scold him first for dragging her to a party. "Wanna have fun tonight?" Percy asked. "Hell yea!" Shouted Thalia. Nico always acted like an emo, but he never admit that, and he, like Annabeth, wasn't really a party person. Thalia was way different, her style was punk like, and she was usually really straight forward. She would always wanted to go to parties and have fun, she didn't really give a shit in school work, but, courtesy of Annabeth Chase, she still passed her exams. Whenever she wanted to go to a party, Nico and Annabeth would promise her a scary movie night to keep her at home, and sometimes Percy would join, but it would end up with Percy and Annabeth missing out most of the movie making out, and Nico and Thalia gagging and teasing on the side, or maybe trying very hard to focus on the movie. Percy usually wouldn't go to parties because he would rather stay with Annabeth, and if he went, and Annabeth didn't he knew how worried Annabeth would be. So been the good boyfriend he was, he stayed by her side, distracting her from whatever she was doing. This party was one of the biggest party people had thrown. The biggest one would obviously be the prom, but it was organized by the school, and not students. Thalia went off to drink in no second, and Nico was weaving around, trying to find a shadow to stay, leaving Percy and Annabeth sucking faces, and exchanging saliva. The host was the Stolls, also the biggest pranksters, and unfortunately, Leo was also one of the people who helped organized this party. When the Stolls were in charge of something, you'd better be a hundred times more careful than you usually were. "Percy, can we just get coke? You know that the punch might be spiked, knowing whose the host of tonight's party." Annabeth said, not wanting to get drunk. She could drink quite an amount. She drank with Percy sometimes at home during a long holiday, either to practice their alcohol tolerance or just to have fun, sure every time they did that they had fun. Knowing that Percy would say yes, she dragged him to the kitchen where the drinks were. She grabbed two cokes and gave one to Percy, but he shook his head slightly, and smiled with mischievousness sparkling in his eyes. "Nah uh, Wise Girl, first party you attend, and it's before graduation, come on. Please? One shot, just one each?". Annabeth reluctantly agreed. She found it odd that Percy would trust the drinks in the party hosted by the school three biggest pranksters, but that night, Annabeth shook it off. She grabbed the green one as Percy grabbed the blue one. They both raised their glass to each other, "To graduation, to anniversary!", they both said before they downed the drink at once. Once they started drinking, it was hard to put it to a stop, since it was just the two of them, drowned in their own little love bubble, the drinking scene was familiar with both of them. They had small bits of alcohol every Saturday, they would control the amount, courtesy of Annabeth again, to not get them drunk. This time, maybe because of the environment where every one was drinking and enjoying them selves, whereas, barely any of them were actually sober enough to drive or anything. There was no difference to Percy and Annabeth. "Be back in a sec, Seaweed Brain, need ta use the bathroom." Giving him a kiss, she went off. Even with the drunken state, she still knew what she was doing or who she was talking to, thanks to the practice every once in a while. Same with Percy. But that day, it seemed like that Percy had been staying at the party for too long, long enough for a life time, way too much. When Annabeth came back from the bathroom, she witness a scene that she had always feared, and that scene would always imprinted in her mind, no matter what. She had trusted him with her life, yet the sight in front of him surprised her. Minutes later, she dragged a semi, near unconscious Percy in to his house. His mother Sally was on a vacation with Paul, the house was empty. She had been to his house millions of time. Her relationship with Percy's family was as good as Percy with his family, she even had a key to their house, and Percy had a key to Annabeth's apartment. She dragged Percy upstairs and put him on his bed, it was not like she wasn't upset and disappointed with Percy's action, she was beyond upset, she was furious, but because of her love towards Percy, she still managed to maintain her anger, and settle Percy safely. When Percy's body made contact with the soft king size bed, he slurred. He opened his eyes fully. "Annabeth? Is this my house?" His voice contained surprise. "Yes, this is your house, and this is your room." She answered in monotone, she wasn't quite ready to pour anger in it, actually, she was paralyzed by the scene at the party. She didn't know what to think. She decided to confront Percy when he became sober, but, when she thought of it, anger boiled in her veins. She couldn't contain it anymore. "Perseus Jackson," She said in a deadly calm and yet serious voice. Percy was a bit startled by the tone, and winced at the full name address, even in his semi conscious state, he was still able to speak and listen clearly, even though his mind would more likely be malfunctioning. "Care to explain what happened after I got up to go to the bathroom?" Still in the same tone. "What?" He looked at her. She glared, grey eyes turing into steel, staring at Percy. She said nothing, "Oh, that, I remembered." He said rather cheerfully. Annabeth had no idea where did this sudden cheerfulness came from, she was not sure if it was for the incident or for the fact that he remembered. "Hmm… So, you saw what happened didn't you." He didn't wait for an answer and continued, not looking at her, "Well, it was obvious wasn't it, I thought it was quite clear. Didn't you understand my message that I was addressing to you in that? I just wanted to try something new, you know…" She didn't let him finished. She stood up abruptly, ignoring the pain in her head,