A/N: A cliché, typical Christmas-y themed story of an AU of PercyxAnnabeth. Based on the cliché song covered & sung by Taylor Swift. Why is it typical and cliché? Lemme explain, so here's the answer. Cliché because, this song had probably been written for hundreds of times or at least inspired tons of people already, and typical, because in this story Luke Castellan is the heart breaker, and Annabeth is the weak little girl who got hurt by the man she thought she loved, something happened on a Christmas celebration, and she was heart broken; then moved on, and found someone else by the next Christmas, and this someone special is Percy Jackson, obviously. *eye roll* I am not the one to write in first person, but for the sake of this story and song, I am going to do it. Personally, I don't like first person, but I sometimes write in first person. Disclaimer. I do not own the song including the lyrics used, nor do I own any of the characters. Annabeth Chase They say the past is the past, but there will always be something that is forever engraved in one's mind. This includes a heartbreak. Luke and Annabeth's breakup wasn't rough, but it wasn't their mutual agreement either. Before their breakup, they were what people calls 'the Golden Couple', or the 'high school sweetheart', most people believed in true love just because of their relationship. When Luke asked Annabeth out in her sophomore year, his junior year. They were a pair of shy buddies that didn't feel comfortable expressing their feelings for each other in public - they were rarely seen together; they texted and called each other constantly, and showed deep care for each other. A year together, and they haven't even had a proper kiss on the lips. Everyone said that they would last. Forever, perhaps. As Annabeth proceed to her junior year, Luke to senior year, their bond grew stronger over the summer. Pictures of them hanging out was posted all over their social media, their profiles were boosting all of a sudden. They shared their first proper kiss at an ice skating park, and even took a selfie of their kiss. When the next school year started, they were close as ever. They spent every single minute they had in between classes together, they were literally inseparable. It was common knowledge that they were a thing, a cute couple in fact. Annabeth didn't ditch her girl friends just because she got this cute boyfriend, nor did Luke ditch his guy friends; their friends often tagged along as they hangout together, totally not feeling like third wheeling. People longed for a boyfriend like Luke, and a healthy relationship he had with Annabeth. Once on Annabeth's birthday, it was a school day, so her birthday party was on the weekend, but he didn't fail to give his present to her on the day. He had two presents prepared, one he gave out on the day, and another distributed on the day of the party. Annabeth brought the hand-made present out from her dorm in the afternoon with her female friends surrounding her, cooing at the present. It was Luke's handiwork - a rubric's cube like paper cube, with each small square wrapped with a cookie and a lid opened to find a full box of M&M. That was the sweetest gift anyone had seen. That was the best birthday gift she had ever received. Later that night, Luke approached her in the cafeteria shyly and asked her if she'd gotten the gift, and whether she liked it or not. Coyly, with a bit of cockiness, she nodded and for the first time in their long time relationship, she stood on her tip toes to plant a kiss on his lips, in front of the attention given from her friends and Luke's buddies. She ducked her face in Luke's chest after the kiss and hid her bashful smile as Luke wrapped his arms protectedly around her with a dreamy smile on his face. When she was released by Luke and went back to her seat, she blushed, biting her bottom to prevent herself from smiling. Her face scarlet as she played with her food trying to get over the overwhelming teasing atmosphere radiating off her friends, whom all had a meaningful expression on their faces. Annabeth gets jealous fairly easily, although Luke never really talked to any girls apart from Annabeth and a few of her close friends, who fully supported her relationship with Luke. Annabeth would always want to coverup the fact that she was protective and the jealous type. She really really liked him, though she didn't show as much as Luke did to her, still, who knew what happens between the two when they were alone. They were not a fan of public display of affection, not the type to suck up the other's face against lockers in the hallway two days after becoming an item. They had not once been caught kissing behind closed doors. Their sweet healthy relationship was well-known even to the teachers. Luke often got teased by his basketball coach, he was once asked by his coach what was getting for Annabeth on Valentines' Day. The first time Luke was asked, he blushed, and mumbled something along the lines of 'I don't know'; but the second time he was prepared, he winked, said it was a secret. Annabeth and Luke's friends often joked about them getting married in the future, they laughed it off and joked along with their friends. Some even described them as 'old married couple'. There was a well-known story passed on from mouth to mouth, ears to ears; joked around by people in front or behind their (Luke and Annabeth) backs, and this always caused Luke to protest as he hid his flushed red face in the crock of Annabeth's neck, in her blonde curls. One time, when Annabeth had became a senior, and Luke was a freshman in his new college a few blocks down from Annabeth's residence. He had asked Annabeth out on a casual movie date, when the movie finished, it was already late in the night, and Luke insisted on taking a detour and drop her off in her apartment when he could actually take a shorter route going back to his dorm. Annabeth accepted since he insisted. On their way home, there was absolutely no cars, let along traffic jams, they were still energetic especially when they started talking about the movie they just watched that night. Blasting the music with beat in the car as they rolled down the window, the words 'speed limits' faded away to the back of their minds. They sped down the street, both got home safe and sound. Yet, they were been reported to the police station the next morning nevertheless. Annabeth accompanied Luke after she got out of class that afternoon, she offered to pay half of the forfeit, but got waved off by Luke. She blamed herself for not reminding him about that, and she thanked whoever would listen in the sky for leaving no cars on the street that night so that they weren't in an accident. Laughing all the way back to Annabeth's home as they stepped out of the police station about last night. Luke enjoyed last night, he had fun, even with the ticket, and the feeling was mutual, both of them called it the craziest night ever in their relationship. Though none of them swore not to let it happen again, the adrenaline rush was not replaceable by any other thing. Without any breakup, consisting of countless ups and downs, they ended their three years relationship. This shocked everyone that had heard of the breakup. It had left both of them no good, left them hurt. Luke had been asking for a break from their relationship ever since the start of their winter/Christmas break, Annabeth had always tried to save what was left between them: she had begged and begged, done anything that would save their gradually turning fragile relationship. It all ended with an inevitable breakup after all the trying. The split was never announced, it was the last thing they agreed on mutually. However, it was obvious to people that were not blind that they were off. People wondered what happened over the summer, but the truth was, nothing happened over the summer, they were still in their honeymoon period. Something happened over the winter, after Christmas. The annual Christmas party was held at their school's gym on the last day before winter break. It was the school's tradition, and everyone must attend, no matter you attend with or without a date, you must show up. This was the time where socialites show-off their socializing skills; where individuals socialize and enjoy others' company. Gifts under the tree were from 'secret Santa', it was another tradition where you could get gifts for someone you like anonymously. It eventually turned to a place where students express their feelings to another, although they didn't leave their real names, but they had left obvious implications to hint who they were. Gifts could be given to people whenever you prefer during the party, food and drinks were also provided. Everyone showed up plastered with happiness on their faces, everyone apart from Luke and Annabeth. They only attended for the sake of the school's rule, the one that specifically said that every student must be present at the Christmas party taking place in the gym. They walked in hand in hand from the gate, greeted by a hell lotta friends, and quickly got surrounded. Not wanting to give them the wrong impression, Luke still gestured like the caring boyfriend that he was. Half time through the party, the couple finally had the chance to be alone by themselves in a corner, out of the big picture. The moment the noisiness was behind them, Annabeth dropped his hand and her charming smile was soon replaced by a tight purse of her lips. When they reached the walls of that small hidden corner in the equipments' storage room, she leaned against a wall behind her, her eyes lowered to gaze at the floor in front of her feet emotionless. She waited for Luke to walk in behind her and settled on the wall next to her, and kept her stare on the ground. Chewing the inside of her cheek, she stood with her arms crossed in front of her chest, taking a nervous glance at Luke's direction. "Why did you want to breakup?" Annabeth asked quietly, seeing that Luke wasn't going to start talking anytime soon. She didn't lift her eyes up to meet his, nor did he had his face turned towards her. They were both staring at something but each other. Luke was silent. He shoved his hands in his pocket. Annabeth was not the only one that was nervous in this situation. "You asked to breakup. Why? I am being straightforward, I love you, and I don't want to breakup, but still, I wanna know why do you want to?" She started to inquire him, with a nearly broken, desperate voice. "Had I done something wrong? Or am I too possessive? Or is it because you don't feel the same as you used to? Please just tell me." Luke didn't say anything. He still remained silent. Throwing his head back, he stared at the ceiling still with his hands in his pocket. Annabeth looked at him expectantly, prepared for his answer in any kind, but it never came. Annabeth sighed in despair. She took out an envelope from her pocket and handed to Luke. "Here, this will be the last Christmas gift you get from me." Annabeth handed him the envelope as she murmured, still not able to look up at him in the eyes. He eyed her suspiciously and slowly stretching out a hand to take the letter