To start off, I know that many of you are Twilight fans. Personally I am not. I've never read the books and I've only recently been forced to watch the first two movies... I didn't pay any attention to them at all. I started this story having watch none of the movies. I wrote this for a friend of mine and now, I won't be happy until I finish it. Please understand that characters might not be like they are in the books/movies. I'll try to fix their personalities if it's really far off, but I don't know if they are, you all do. Also I would like to state this now. This is fan-fiction, which makes it AU. The story has been edited. Please read and enjoy. Disclaimer: I DO NOT own Twilight or any of its evolving it. I DO own Mik and Emma. Worries I sighed softly to myself as the water from my shower fell down onto me. I knew that I couldn't stay in the shower for much longer. First off, I had to get ready for school and secondly because the water's temperature was scorching hot. I didn't really care about that second part at the moment though. A knock sounded from the other side of the bathroom door, followed by the voice of my best friend. "Mik you really need to stop doing this. It's not good for your health." I sighed once again as I switched off the water and wrapped a towel around me. Carefully I stepped out of the shower and opened the door. Emma, my childhood friend, stood there ready to go for the day. Her shoulder length light blond hair with natural brown highlights was slightly messy, but in that windblown kind of way. Her brown eyes were accented by the emerald green eye shadow and black eyeliner that she wore. Her normally white skin was tanned after time in Nevada visiting family. I smiled when I saw what she was dressed in. Her black knee length skirt did nothing to hide the two mismatched knee length socks and bright yellow converse, which all contrasted nicely with her brown blouse. Emma's eyes filled with worry as I gently pushed past her and stepped into the room of the lodge we were staying in. Two double beds and a small fridge were all that fit into the small room. I turned around and walked backwards towards my bed as I grinned at her. "What, are showers evil now?" "You know damn well what I mean Mik! It's not healthy to keep jumping from one city to another across the whole continent every few weeks. You've spent your whole time staying in the hotels except for when I dragged you around with my family last month." Emma took a step towards me, but decided to just sit down on her bed instead. "Go get dressed. We start school again today and I am not missing it just because you want to leave town again." I turned around quickly as my grin slipped from my face. I blinked once before I began to shuffle through my duffle bag in search of the clothes I wanted to wear. This was all that Emma and I had with us when we left. We each carried a duffle bag filled with clothes and then there was a single laptop case for two laptops and a bag of toiletries. It was actually just this past week that we'd gotten messenger bags filled with things for school. It has been nearly a year and a half ago that we had started our trip. I was 16 then. I hadn't asked Emma to come with me, but the morning that I was to leave I found her sitting in front of my house in my car with her stuff with her. Thankfully Emma had stuck with me ever since we were kids, and she still does. At times; well most of the time actually; I fell as though I have dragged her away from her family and any future that she may have had. She was 15 at the time and her parents understood that this was something that she had needed to do. And for that I am thankful to them. I held back another sigh as I grabbed a pair of black skinny jeans, a dark gray cami and my black hoodie. Taking the clothes into the bathroom, I quickly got dressed. Wiping the mirror with my towel I stared at my reflection for a moment. My alabaster skin made me look sick, and add the black bags forming under my eyes I nearly looked like the walking dead. My amethyst eyes seemed empty of emotion, but if one looked closely they would see sadness and exhaustion. I grabbed my brush and attack the tangles of layered honey brown hair that reached my mid back before throwing it all into a side braid with my long bangs hanging loose. I took a deep breath as I walked out and put on some socks and my black combat boots. "Come on then Emm, let's go. I can't wait all day for you to pig out on Waffle Crisps." I teased my friend as I watched her while she sat on her bed with a box of cereal in her hands. She looked at my oddly for a minute and then grinned. "Oh you know you wish that you would have thought of this idea sooner." She closed up the box and tossed it onto the foot of her bed before grabbing her bag. Together we walked out into the cold day on the border between La Push and Forks, Washington. "Not after I've already brushed my teeth. You might not care Emma, but I do." "Well it's only going to make my breath smell like cereal rather than minty fresh." I locked the door behind Emma and watched as the teen slid down the wooden railing. "One of these days Mik, you'll learn to relax a little." She called up once she reached the bottom. "I do relax, just not in the same way that you do. How do you always do that without getting splinters in your ass every time?" Emma ignored me and continued walking over to her truck and hopping into the driver's seat. Her truck is a 2012 Dodge Ram 3500 in metallic gray. A birthday gift from her aunt and uncle on turning 17 last month. She started up the engine with a grin as I slowly walked down the stairs. I had much less enthusiasm about returning to school than she did. It's the a little more than ¾ through our junior year and we've been doing independent studies since we left. This would be my first time back in a school building in 3 and a half years. Just as I was opening the car door I remembered that I had left my school bag up in the room. "Hey Emma, I left my bag upstairs. You go ahead and get to school. I know you wanted to look around first." Emma stared at me in an 'this had better not be an I'm staying home trick' look that she's nearly mastered and I flinched. Emma knew me better at times than I knew myself, which is actually kind of creepy. But this time is wasn't a trick, I really had forgotten my bag. "I promise that I will make it to school." To show that I was being honest I held out my pinky finger. Emma sighed and wrapped her thumb around it in our own special promise before pulling back. I closed the door and stepped back to allow Emma to drive off down the road. Looking at my watch I was that I had an hour and a half to get to school. Running upstairs I quickly unlocked the door, went to my bed and grabbed my black messenger bag. I tossed it over my shoulder and headed back out. The sky above me as I walk seemed to darken, but the clouds didn't let loose the rain that yearned to fall. I continued to walk, not seeming to get anywhere. When I looked at my watch again I saw that it was 6:14 A.M. "Shit!" I yelled out to myself. I held onto my bag as I started to run. In all honesty I never bothered to check how far away the school was, so I didn't even know how far away from Forks high school I was currently. Heck, I didn't know if I was anywhere near La Push anymore. The only sound around me had been my combat boots on the asphalt, so when I heard the roar of a motorcycle behind me I jumped around and fell flat on my butt. "Damn it!" I let the rest of my body fall back and decided to just stay where I was. It really didn't bother me if I got to school or not. The motorcycle got closer and closer until I could see someone stop just out of my peripheral vision. The person jumped off of their motorcycle, tossed off their helmet and ran to my side. "Hey are you alright?" The guy knelt down next to me and placed a hand on my shoulder. He looked to be about two years my junior or so, maybe 15, with long black hair. His skin was a russet color and his eyes dark brown. The only reason I could tell that he was younger was the little bit of childish roundness still on his chin. I guessed that he belong to the Native American tribe that lived on the La Push reservation. I blinked and turned my eyes towards the teen, frowning. "Well, by alright I doubt that you mean running late for school or being lost. If you do mean that for some really odd reason then yes, I guess you could say I'm doing perfectly fine." The guy grinned as he stood up and reached down a hand towards me. Grabbing hold he pulled me to my feet as though I weighed nothing. I muttered my thanks as I reached down to adjust my bag. "It's no problem. So, where do you go to school, I'll give you a lift." I looked at the bike behind him before turning my eyes back to him with an eyebrow raised. He just seemed to ignore it as he walked back to his bike and picked up his helmet from the ground. "Don't worry," he said as he swung himself onto the older bike. "I fixed her up myself so she's safe. Well, safe as far as I know, this is a test run." "Great, so I'm your guinea pig then." I sighed as I glanced down at my watch once more. It was 6:21. Anymore time wasted and Emma would kill me. "Look kid, I'm not usually in the habit of taking rides from strangers, let alone one that seems to be skipping school, but I'm in a rush. Think you can get me to Forks High School in under a half hour?" "Forks High, coming right up." He tossed his helmet at me with his grin never leaving his face. "What about yourself?" I asked as I pulled the helmet onto my head and attempted to buckle it. The guy laughed at me and grabbed a hold of my bag strap, pulling me over to him. He reached up and did he job that I couldn't. Again, I muttered my thanks as I slid on behind him and he started up the bike. "I've been living here all my life. I know the streets better than the people who made them so don't worry too much. Anyways, hardly anyone is ever out on the roads at this time." As soon as my feet were off of the ground we were off. I barley