AN: HI FRIENDS. I think the tense gets a little wonky in this one, so apologies for that. I haven't had the inspiration to write anything (especially Screams, my longer in-progress fic) for a while , until I came across a tumblr post articulating "What HaymitchxKatniss fics are composed of" and felt challenged to break the mold a little bit. Thus, if you're out there in fanfictiondotnetland… oreohunterrr , this one's for you. RANT: ...also, what's up with being able to add like 20 characters to your stories? NOW ITS SO HARD TO FIND HAYNISS ON THIS SITE :( womp. show me solidarity be reviewing when you're done, eh? ;) DISCLAIMERS: oh yeah, and smutwarning. also I don't own anything that you might recognize as part of a franchise. I'm not that cool. Spark. "Okay," Haymitch began, shutting the door behind him and Katniss and settling down into a luxurious white chair. They were about to start the final portion of Katniss's training before the Games: The interview training. So far, Katniss had been producing phenomenally, if not a bit too phenomenally. Haymitch was worried about her, not just because she seemed to have a hard time with saying the right, "polite" thing on the spot, but also because he was feeling nervous about all of the attention she had garnered so far. Luckily her stunt with the apple during her final skills test hadn't been televised, or he'd surely have something big and terrible on his hands. See, the thing with Katniss was, she was a fighter. She was someone who could calculate truths that most people would ignore for politeness' sake, who knew how to survive. She was one of the first rays of hope Haymitch had received in Tribute form over the past twenty-some years. She could win, he knew it. And that scared him. Because she was Katniss... Never playing by the rules, always acting against the Capitol... in fact, her entire existence was in spite of the Capitol. If she was to survive these Games, she could only mean trouble. It scared him, the way she showed rebellion in every ounce of her being. It reminded him of himself at a young age. He knew that, if Katniss kept this up, if she didn't conciliate for the Capitol, everyone she'd fought so fiercely to protect could be gone in an instant, just like his had. Yes, she was a ticking time bomb. But Haymitch guessed that was what he liked about her, too. Haymitch had stopped his line of conversation when Katniss continued to stand awkwardly by the door. Haymitch motioned to the chair across from him. She sat, not bothering to uncross her arms. "So," he finally continued. "How this works is, we need to pitch your personality to the crowd during this interview. Make them-" "Make them like you, I know, you've been telling me that from the drunken minute you saw me." "Exactly, sweetheart. See," he continued, eyeing her up exaggeratedly, "the thing with you is, I have nothing to pitch." That was better than saying he couldn't pitch rebellion, right? His drawling words filled the space between them. Katniss's posture changed from slumped to rigid. "Are you telling me I don't have a personality?" she spoke coldly, slowly placing her hands on the armrests of her chair and gripping them, hard. Haymitch did not miss the white-knuckled response, and he smirked. "Oh, you have a personality, all right," he responded, "Just not one the crowd wants to see." Katniss pitched forward, spitting, "Who cares what they think? I'm not here to please them." "Oh contraire, my little flame, you care what they think. When you're in that arena, those people you could care less about will be your sponsors, and if it gets down to it, they will be your damn line to life. Then you'll care. A good show is all they want, and if they like you, they'll pay to see you stick around for a few more episodes, do you understand what I'm telling you?" Katniss sat back heavily in her seat, brooding. "Good. So, in order to... discover something that may work for us, we'll play a little game. I'll say a word... a personality type, if you will... and you act it with all you've got," Haymitch explained. She wasn't responding, had simply crossed her arms again, so Haymitch prompted her with, "Impress me, sweetheart." "Fine. So what's the first one?" she asked. "Ahh, I ask the questions, you respond," Haymitch instructed. "And by the way, sexy." He knew that'd start her up, but he couldn't help himself. "What?!" Katniss demanded. "The first personality," Haymitch shrugged his shoulders in innocence. Katniss clicked her tongue at him, looking away. "So, Katniss," Haymitch tried to adopt a Capitol-esque accent, "how do you like the Capitol so far?" "I hate it," Katniss deadpanned. A look from Haymitch made her continue, revising her previous statement. "There are so many people here... People I could take to the slag heaps..." Haymitch was annoyed. He should've expected this from her, but that didn't make him any less pissed off. "I said sex y , not sex addict!" He let out a loud sigh. Of course she'd be far too stubborn to take this seriously. "Next one, Career." Katniss set back in her seat, bracing herself for the question. "You volunteering for your sister was so very brave," yes, Haymitch was changing the question each time, and he could tell it was stressing Katniss out, but, goddamnit, he had to prepare her. "Why'd you do it?" Katniss blinked. "I like to kill people," she said. "No!" Haymitch cut her off, "You can't say things like that in front of a Capitol audience!" He was practically bellowing. This is exactly what she couldn't act like! Why did she always have to be so belligerent? "Cunning!" He spit out another. "How did you feel when you stepped onto the train for the first time?" "I felt like I was going to vomit!" "No!" Haymitch was at full-volume now, barely even listening to her as he pushed himself to a standing position, towering over his sitting Tribute. "Give me something to fucking work with, sweetheart!" "You keep asking me different questions!" Katniss screamed back, standing now, too, keeping her ground. "How am I supposed to keep up?!" "That's how it's going to be , you stupid girl, you don't know what they're going to ask you, you have to be prepared for anything!" "Why can't I just be myself?!" She fucking shouts at him, taking a pace closer to argue her point. "Because you're too damn...!" but he doesn't finish his sentence, just looks away, hand in his hair, and lets out an exasperated growl. "What! What am I, Haymitch? Tell me what I am!" Haymitch doesn't respond. He couldn't tell her, could he? Instead, he just stands there, looking at Katniss with an odd expression on his face. "What!" She shouted again. "You've got too much spark," he finally admitted, using some half-truth and looking back at Katniss with some strange expression in his eyes. Katniss took a breath, probably trying to figure out if 'spark' was good or bad before demanding, "What is that supposed to mean?" "It means... It means," Haymitch cleared his throat, hovering close to Katniss; Katniss, who was half-flushed from their fight, Katniss, who always said the wrong thing, Katniss, the spark. Why couldn't he speak? "It... means..." his eyes flicked over her. "Ah, fuck it all," he muttered, stepping toward Katniss and closing the space between them, guiding his hand through her hair and behind her head, to tilt her lips up to his. It took a few seconds for Katniss to pull away, and with a jolt. She looked at him, shocked, arms out as if they, too, were questioning his actions. He simply looked at her, not apologetic in the slightest, but still somehow looking unsure of himself. That's when she went back in for the kiss, grabbing Haymitch by the back of the head, right where the bottom hairs attached to his scalp, and yanked him into her, allowing for his arms to crush her against his body. Haymitch didn't know if this was real or if Katniss was just feeling desperate and freaked out as the start of the Games drew closer, but he decided that he didn't care. He pulled Katniss closer and drew his tongue across her bottom lip, prompting her to open her mouth to him. She did, and he held her closer as he entered her mouth, their tongues suddenly doing an electric slide as his hands moved to her lower back. Resting on the small, he pulled her hips tight to his as she remained adamant about their mouths battling against each other. Haymitch nipped at her lip, causing her breath to hitch, and it was then that Haymitch realized what might happen if they didn't stop soon. Pushed to him, Katniss definitely felt the tent in his pants as it made its appearance, but she wasn't backing away. She was pushing forward, grinding herself against him, and Haymitch took a step backward, unsure of just how far she'd ever gotten before, to use as a judge for how far she'd want to go now. He didn't want to set himself up for failure, had to keep his excitement in check, all that. So he pulled back to get a good look at her face. Her eyes were dilated and she still had one hand clawing at his back, the other tangled in his hair. Haymitch didn't think he'd ever seen anything more sexy. If only I could get this Katniss onstage , he thought briefly. The interviews'd be a breeze, then. Regardless, Haymitch leaned back into the kiss. He did it softly, politely. Katniss returned it hard and fast at first, before slowing to match his pace. It was she that pulled back the second time, trying to judge his slowing pace, maybe. Her face flashed an indecipherable expression before her lips reattached to his, fiery as she should be, and pushing him backwards. Haymitch couldn't know what was going on in that head of hers no matter how hard he tried, so he simply paced backwards with her until his shins hit up against something. The chair . He felt her hands on his shoulders, and following her prompting, he sunk into the chair he had inhabited during their brief try at an interview and pulled her down with him. She indulged him for a moment before pulling her mouth away from his, straightening up, and straddling his legs, sinking down onto him with a smirk on her face. "Sexy yet?" she asked him, sounding as if she didn't care for an answer. "Oh, very," Haymitch was surprised at the husky quality his voice had taken on since he'd last used it. Maybe that has something to do with Katniss on his lap, pressing against his erection. His hands immediately went to her hips, grabbing, moving the fabric of her shirt up so he could touch her skin. It was so soft, just like... No. He couldn't remember. So he pulled Katniss down to smash his lips onto hers, their teeth clinking before his tongue thrust into her mouth. Her hands found their way to his hips, too, and she leaned herself closer, her butt arching back into his cock. Haymitch was practically shaking. He took the liberty to pull her closer to his body, away from the dangers of making him come fully clothed, and instead got a good grip on her shirt and yanked it up and over her head. She was bare to him so suddenly, and didn't seem to mind, so Haymitch took the moment to put his lips to her very-near breast. Her hands continued to run over his chest like a nervous tick, a sexy nervous tick, and after a minute or