Based loosely on Reptilia28's Don't Fear the Reaper Challenge. Enjoy! Harry Hurt. No, not like 'Voldemort's on a rampage and handing out cruciatus curses like candy' kind of hurt. This was different. When he had been hit with a few of those, he had only wished he was dead. This kind of hurt though, this was worse. Slowly, trying not to aggravate the issue, Harry gently opened his eyes. He immediately wished he had not. The light was too much. Far too bright. Especially after feeling like he had just passed through a tunnel. But there really was nothing he could do for it. After a few minutes, Harry decided to try again. He cracked his right eye, lifting his right hand to shield it from the light. Another mistake. Moving his arm made him wonder if rather than wishing he was dead, he actually was. "Well of course you are, boyo." Huh? The Irish Brogue launched from beside him once again. "I said, well of course you are boyo. Now get your lazy bones up. It isn't as if this is your first soiree into my neck of the woods." Suddenly there was even more pain. Hands roughly gripped Harry's shoulders, dragging him into a sitting position before another gasp of pain burst forth from Harry's chest. Considering all he had been through, why did this ache so much. "Well, see, the cruciatus just tugs at your soul a bit. T'is is death hisself. You've actually been separated from your body once again, boyo." Harry was really starting to dislike this person. The Irish voice sounded, once more, impatiently but from in front of him as he opened his eyes. Instantly Harry wished he had not. The angry sounding voice was echoing from an individual in front of him who looked vaguely familiar. There were several chins and the face was purple, or at least turning purple. Years of conditioning instantly kicked in at seeing that face so close to his own and Harry flinched, trying to curl up for the inevitable. But then it did not come. After a moment, Harry relaxed and peeked out from behind his arm. The angry face was still there, but the man was standing back. With his arms crossed and tapping his foot on the ground, his eyes bore into Harry's in a way his Uncle's never had. "Well come on, boyo. We got us a lot of work to do for yet anoter of your mistakes. Let's get movin." Not even waiting, the man turned and began to move. Harry sat, rooted to the spot for another moment before jumping to his feet to follow. It was in this moment when Harry finally took a moment to notice his surroundings. The walls were white, in an antiseptic way. The floor was the cleanest thing he had ever seen, a traditional pattern less tile, which simply seemed to go on forever. There were no pictures and all of the surrounding gurney's, apparently better for arrival than actual chairs, were empty. That said, he could see each one had been used rather recently. That was an eye opener. And a reminder. A reminder of the deaths he had seen, not only recently even. Harry's oldest memory, thanks to those damned dementors, was of his mother's sacrifice. Since then, he had seen Quirrell, Cedric, Sirius, Dumbledore, Fred, George, Arthur, Molly, Remus, Tonks, Hagrid, Hedwig…well, far too many had died. He had even seen Ron and Ginny take killing curses. But those were not the ones that got to him. No, for some reason Harry could not explain, the death that had ruined him was hers. Hermione, falling lifelessly to the ground, that ad sent him over the edge. They had been at the Battle of Hogwarts, hoping it would be the end. Harry and the golden trio had destroyed all of the horocruxes. They had followed Snape, and somewhere along the way managed to kill Nagini. Or Neville did, giving his own life to end the bloody snake. The battle had been going back and forth at that point. The Death Eaters had given jut as well as the defenders of Hogwarts. Lives were ending left and right. And as expected, Harry, Ron, and Hermione were right in the thick of it. They had lost their innocence long before that. Taking a life of a Death Eater, it was a moral battle long since ended. Today was about survival. And that survival had already been expensive. Ron was the first to fall. He had just managed to drop Lucius with a stunner when Bellatrix came from the other side, casting a bludgeoning hex which caused the red-head's head to turn into a fine mist. But there was no time to react. Harry followed this with a cutting curse of his own, one too powerful for the dark witch to bat away. It blew through her defense and removed the dark head of hair from her shoulders. The loss of Ron had struck a chord in Harry and Hermione. They had been deadly before. Now they were ruthless. Harry was so caught up in returning the favor while he singlehandedly began to turn the tide of the battle that he missed the arrival of the biggest player besides himself. He missed the cruel red eyes turn their hatred on the young teen. They missed the wand movement and the green light erupting from the tip. But a set of chocolate eyes missed none of that. Noor did the bushy brown-haired with sit still. But watching Hermione dive in front of a killing curse meant for him, that ended all forms of rational thought. Harry had no earthly idea why her death hit him so hard, but he felt it. Harry exploded, a light the same color as his eyes launching forth its own shockwave. Every living thing that light touched died. All except one. By some terrible nightmare, as Harry collapsed, he saw Voldemort stand as Harry breathed his own dying breath. Harry's eyes hardened as he recalled what he had been doing just prior to awakening here. With a determined glint, Harry strode after the being who looked far too much like his uncle for comfort. Down a long hall which appeared as sterile as the room he had just left, Harry followed this man. The only sound was the hollow echo of footsteps. After what felt like an incredibly long walk lasting only a few minutes, the two arrived at a door. Without hesitation, the large man led him into the room, offering Harry a seat. As Harry settled into the chair, the large man imitating his uncle settled his own considerable bulk into the chair behind the desk. And stared. And stared. After several tense moments of staring, Harry had enough. "So…what is going on?" After a few more seconds of intense staring, the man began. "Mr. Potter, do you really hate me that much? Based on the confused expression on your face, I must assume you are lost and confused. Such a terrible thing we kept having to wipe your mind." The last line was muttered more to himself than anyone else. He paused to study Harry once more before removing a folder from his desk which he began to review. "Mr. Potter, as your reaper, I must inform you that you have died, yet again. This time your foolishness could quite possibly cost me." "Reaper?" "Yes. I am Ian, your personal slave, I mean reaper. I used to have several more accounts, but you have ruined that for me, yet again." "Ummm, again?" Harry was lost and the confusion shown through in his tone. "Of course again. You think I would be this upset if this was your first death? I wasn't even this upset at your second, third, or fourth attempts to depart from the living." "Fourth? Are you saying I have now died 5 times?" Harry was still trying to wrap his head around the whole death thing. This seemed like an incredibly elaborate prank by the twins. Had he not seen both die himself, he would be waiting for one of them to pop out. "No." Harry Breathed a sigh of relief. "This is the 7th time you have died. Exactly once for each year you attended Hogwarts. It was those keys your first year, the Acromantulas in second, Boggart in third seeing as they do take on the abilities of your fear, falling down the stairs from an upset Cedric fan in fourth, blood loss from a blood quill in fifth, and splinched yourself in sixth. Naturally you managed to live through the most insane situations. Do I need to remind you the why behind your current visit?" Harry shook his head, still trying to wrap his head around things. Apparently Ian was insane. Or Harry was. But Ian wasn't done chewing Harry out. "But here is the thing, boyo. Dying is the worst, but it really is your own fault." That drew Harry up short. Well, more so than previously. "My fault?" "Well of course. You could have had it all. You are a legacy of unbelievable strength and ability, you know. Not only that, but your father was a master of transfiguration while your mother could out charm and out potion any other individual out there. Head Boy and Girl, they were. Found their soul mates, they did. You on the other hand, content with mediocrity. Completely skipped grabbing that soulmate or two. Probably would have been a disappointment." "Hey now, there is no need for that." "No, well then do tell me just what kept you from living up to their legacy." "Nothing. I did what I could." "You mean," Ian leered over the desk making Harry truly feel small, "You fell in with that red-headed buffoon." "Ok, stop this now. Do not call Ron that." "Well why not? He is another factor in your early death. That idiot's manipulations almost cost you as much as the twinkle-eyed one, or either of the red-headed potioneers." Harry was truly and completely lost at this point. Ron? Manipulation? "What are you on about. Ron has been my best mate since first year." "is that so? Did you know he is the one who spread the rumor about you being the heir of Slytherin?" "He would never!" Harry was truly becoming annoyed. Harry had just watched Ron die not that long ago and now this jerk who looked too much like his uncle for comfort was attempting to change his mind. The grin which spread across Ian's face was unsettling. "Indeed? Well let's watch, shall we?" Ian pulled out a pensive and placed it on the desk. Inside was a swirling silver mist, the likes of which Harry had come to know well. "These memories were pulled directly from this best mate of yours. He passed through here not long before you did." Ian gestured to the mist. Harry was hesitant at first, but seeing Ron in the pensive led Harry to leaning in and entering the memory. Ron was sitting in their charms class, shared with the Hufflepuffs. Justin was sitting close to him. " Look mate, I'm not saying he is bad, but name one parslemouth who didn't go bad." Justin's eyes shot open in terror. " They say that You-Know-Who was a parselmouth, not to mention Slytherin." Justin looked ready to faint. " Weasley, are you trying to say Potter is the heir of Slytherin?" A new voice erupted from behind them. Ernie Macmillan looked on with pure terror in his eyes. Ron opened his mouth to respond when a younger Harry strode into the room. The Hufflepuffs, decked out in their yellow and black, jumped back to their own seats, none daring to make eye contact with Harry. Harry gasped as the memory faded. He turned a critical eye to Ian. "Those can be faked." "Well of course they can. But if