Chapter 1: Introductions and New Faces Summary: Peace never last for long, there's always that one enemy that never gives up. No matter how the Olympians may try to patch things up, another enemy has set his sights on earth and this time, they're going to need some outside help. … That is if they decide to accept it. Reyna\ (female) OC Setting: 2 years after the Giant War. Prologue [Classified Area] As the wind howls on the eve of a new moon, a shadowy figure emerges from the darkness. "Are you sure of this? If anything goes wrong you will have put the fate of the universe in their hands!" The figure moves towards a solemn chair in the middle of an empty field where a lone female awaits. "It's our best chance Tenebris. I realize your doubts about the Olympians, but-" "Do you honestly think that they can be saved?" "Yes, they may have made some mistakes, but that does not mean we should forsake them. Tenebris, we can't just leave them to die." "Milady you ask me to rally an army, one meant to fend off an all-powerful primordial and his army of traitors. Not only that, but you ask me to convince the Olympians to follow me without question. Those fools had their chance! If you honestly think I can whip them into shape then you have severely overestimated my abilities. I may be your right hand, but those fools have had centuries to shape their egos" "I am not asking you to do this alone, your siblings will assist in training and I will accompany you to see the Olympians. I'm sure between us we can bring them down a notch." "They'll need more than a notch." Mumbles the shadow. "Tenebris, y-" "Is this an order?" "This is a request from one friend to another." Growling the figure snarls out slowly, "I'd rather if it was an order, you know exactly how I feel about them." "I know, but I need someone I can trust to handle this. Tenebris I need you to do this." "… Fine, but I swear we will do this my way. If they have any complaints they can speak to my swords." "Please we need all the help we get, you may be a guardian, but you are only mortal as well." The shadowy figure turns before stopping and calling out back to the woman. "I'm not called The Guardian for nothing milady." "… Tenebris, be careful this enemy may be the worst we've faced in a very long time." "Milady, I already bear the scars of your own brother. I do not believe that this pretender can do worse." With that, the shadowy figure stalks off seemingly melding with the shadows and disappearing altogether. "That's not what I'm worried about." Chapter 1 "They want what?!" Yells Reyna scanning over the missive from Olympus once more. "Our best representatives from each Cohort and both Praetors, including the leader of Camp Half-Blood. Plus some other important people." Replies a calm Frank, though by the way, his hands grip the paper Reyna could tell he was just as frustrated. "Including the 7 from the quest, and Nico, myself, Coach Hedge and half a dozen fawns. How do they expect us to gather everyone and be there by morning?" Reyna throws the stack of paper back onto the desk leaning into her chair tiredly. "We currently have 4 of the 7 heroes, we can call them all right now. As for the Cohort representatives, we can announce it from the new PA systems Leo installed for us. We can gather them all and get ready to leave within an hour or two ," Frank replied rubbing his eyes. "No with this many officials we will need more time to appoint temporary leaders to oversee things. If we just up and leave the legion is going to fail to chaos within days." "You think we might be gone for that long?" "The message never specified how long this will take, all we know right now is that we need all leaders from both camps and we both have to be at Olympus by 6 a.m. tomorrow. Better safe than sorry, we all remember what happened two years ago." Reyna replies with a shudder. Frank nods tiredly. "I'll gather the seven heroes that are currently here, along with the fawns." Reyna stands quickly. "I'll gather the rest; if we hurry we can make the announcement within the next hour and pack everything and be in the vans by evening. If we take turns driving we can make it just in time." Frank stands up slowly, nodding as Reyna begins to move toward the door. "I wonder what has the Gods in such a fuss. Normally they give us more time to prepare for this sort of thing." Frank states. As Reyna opens the door, she replies "I'm not sure but obviously something big happened." "… What type of big Reyna?" "Big enough to scare the gods, and yet small enough to allow us a day to prepare. What that's supposed to mean I'm not sure, but we're going to find out one way or another." (Time\Setting Jump: 5:30 a.m. outside the Throne Room) "Gods, we're here. Finally!" "Don't get too excited Leo, we still have work to do." Reyna admonishes. "But that car trip was so long Reyna. Plus-"Leo replies trying to talk through a yawn. "Everyone is really tired." "That may be true, but we have to keep our guards up." "Reyna has a point. Let's just go and get this over with, hopefully, this won't take long." Mutters Frank. The rest of the group nods tiredly, even the demigods from Camp Half-Blood. Each and every one of them was trying to shake themselves awake or, by the way, Annabeth was hanging off Percy, trying to catch some extra sleep. Reyna, overcome by the sudden urge to yawn, just nods silently in agreement as they each shuffled towards the throne room. Quietly throwing open one of the doors, the demigods quickly went to organize themselves next to their patrons' thrones, those with minor gods as a parent just followed their friends before collectively sitting down on the steps waiting. Reyna instead ended up standing near the center feeling slightly uncomfortable as her mother was purely roman and faded. Within moments the gods all collectively flashed in completely ignoring the exhausted demigods. As each turned to sit, Reyna could spot small bruises and fear-stricken gazes. Before she could bring herself to think on it more, she caught the eye of Hermes who shook his head frantically, deciding to stay quiet, she bowed to each god in turn before sitting herself waiting for Lord Jupiter or Zeus to appear. And appear he did, as a small black portal opened Lord Jupiter was thrown out, landing on his chair very heavily. Exhaustion all but forgot all the demigods shot up to their feet as an imposing woman stepped through the portal herself. The woman was stunning, towering over even Percy, her pin straight midnight hair flowing freely to her hips. Her beauty surpassed Aphrodite, and her eyes were so gentle and kind. Her dress was simple, a plain black fabric with little else. It flowed to the floor pooling out around her as if she was standing in a shadow. "Now that we're all here." She spoke with the confidence of a queen and all the gods visibly stiffened as she gazed throughout the room. "We can finally get our little talk started. Wouldn't you agree, Zeus?" Sparing a glance to the shocked demigods, Reyna could only shiver as she turned her powerful gaze to her. The woman's eyes narrowed at the sight of the rather worn out group of demigods. As Percy moved forward to speak, hand in his pocket already gripping Riptide, the woman quickly cut him off. "I believe introductions are in order, though I thought I had specifically stated that the Demigods should be fully warned." She glared hard at Hermes, who turned several shades paler as he tried to stutter an answer. "M-m-my Lady, I-I" "Enough," she spoke harshly. "I will not listen to petty excuses." Hermes quickly shut his mouth desperate not to offend the woman any further. Reyna raised an eyebrow impressed and slightly frustrated, no one has ever seen the Gods so docile. Unwilling to wait longer she opened her mouth to address a question to the woman. "If I may, who are you to command the gods?" Reyna asked trying to keep her frustration and exhaustion out of her voice. A melodious laugh rang through the Throne room. "I think you'll enjoy your time here Tenebris." The woman spoke. 'Tenebris? Dark? What is she going on about' Reyna thought? "To answer your question, Praetor, I am the God's great grandmother." The woman smiled evilly. Great-grandmother? A sudden gasp from Annabeth drew the demigod's attention. "S-she's Chaos. T-t-the creator of the universe. The first Primordial, b-but you were supposed to have faded long ago..." She stuttered in shock and awe. As each demigod's face began to fall at the thought of having to fight Chaos, a low chuckle was heard once more. "Now that we have introductions out of the way, maybe you'll all be more willing to sit down and listen." With not so much as a twitch, proper chairs suddenly appeared for each demigod. The nerve wracked group cautiously sat down as Chaos began to speak once more. "Normally I try to stay out of mortal affairs, but in times like these I prefer not to watch an entire planet get destroyed." Zeus seeming to have finally found his backbone roared out. "Destroyed! You think we can't protect our own planet!" The shadows in the room grew darker and Zeus squeaked in fear as Chaos raised a hand. "That's enough," the shadows stopped growing, but they didn't exactly go back to normal. "As I was saying. Yes destroyed, and yes you can't protect this planet. Not against this enemy." Zeus's eyes bulged as he opened his mouth to protest. With a twitch of her hand, Chaos forcibly shut his mouth and continued. "You may have defeated Gaia, but she wasn't at full power, nor was she fully awake. You defeated her out of pure luck than anything." The gods shifted nervously, none feeling up to make a remark or even talk back. "You see, for the past years, you must have noticed the increase of demigods, right? Well as the gods probably know, but have neglected to remark upon, monster attacks have also decreased. If we are correct, this trend should continue for the next year or so. After that, we are not sure what will happen, but we do know once this threat has landed, your days are numbered. Most probably you'll last a month, maybe two if you're lucky, but after that, he will wipe you out." "Then what is this threat, and why haven't you stopped it already," Percy called out. Reyna couldn't help but agree with the son of Poseidon, even if she did know that Chaos had yet to finish. "Eras ago my brother and I sealed away one of the primordials. The seal was never expected to last, seeing as nothing ever does. Thus we had our backup plans made years ago. Now we are putting them into action. For the next year, you will combine camps at a neutral area to train your army. ... Olympians will receive training as well of course-." This was the final straw for most of the gods. Angry voices began yelling out, all too jumbled up to be understood properly. "If you think-" "The nerve-" "Who do you think you are?" For once Reyna felt a small bit of satisfaction, Chaos wasn't just going to order them into a fight and let the Olympians sit back and watch. For once they could rely on