It's been so long since I've been here! Sorry I haven't been on in such a long time, but a lot has been going on! Yeah I know that's no excuse, but here's this little beauty. Best thing about this story though, it's loosely (well no not loosely) based off a true story! Well of course not the who supernatural part, but everything else is true and has happened. There is some slight difference of course, but everything is else happened. It's rated T for now, but most likely it will go up to M. Hope you guys enjoy this story! Disclaimer: I own none of the Twilight characters, I only own the plot and characters (not the actual people) I base this story off of, trust me if I owned the people it's called slavery and highly frowned upon in certain places. It's been two months and twenty four days since they had broke up. It will be a month in three days since he had gotten together with her. It's only been two weeks since the last break up with a guy that should have never happened. Not the breaking up part, but the getting together part. It was a mistake honestly, a mistake formed by the addition of pain and hurt, and multiplied by the taste of alcohol. By the time it was realized to be a mistake, it was already too deep and no other choice but to break it off and hurt him. "Are you listening to me?" A voice called out to Melissa, saving her from the guilt that was beginning to cloud her. She looked over to her brother, his eyes glancing her from the corner of his eyes, his face focused on the road ahead of him. "What?" She asked, her voice sharper than it should have been. He frowned. "How do you expect to run a business if you can't even pay attention to what I am saying?" He scolded. Her guilt quickly morphed into annoyance. "You're 19, and about to be 20. You need to grow up already. What if I was a prospective customer? Is this how you would have treated me, by ignoring me?" "No Xavier, I would have paid attention. I know how to deal with customers. I'm a waitress for goodness sakes! I've dealt with unruly customers before, and given them my undivided attention. Geesh, you don't have to be such a jerk." She glared at him, crossing her arms and turned to look out the window. "Act like an adult and don't throw insults. What are your plans? What do plan on doing? You need to start thinking about things like this and get over yourself. You say you want a business, but you don't even have a stable plan to get there." "Now I really wish I left." She mumbled to herself envisioning herself surrounded by nature, the soft sweet calls of mother earth and her creatures. "Don't mumble, we are all adults here no need to act childish and mumble." "I said I wish I left. " Melissa bit out her fingers gripping into her arm tightly. She focused staring out into the darkness outside the car, refusing to turn and face the blazing stare. "Left where?" Tina called out from the back, finally choosing to get off her phone and enter the conversation. She pushed herself up front into the car, her black hair falling into her face. Melissa frowned feeling a bit hurt s that she couldn't remember where the 19 year old had wanted to leave. The place she had begged to leave too, only to be turn down. "Forget it." She bit out. "I have a plan ok. I want to get my associates in business and go to culinary school." "You do realize financial aid doesn't cover the culinary arts." She pointed out. "How do you expect to get a financially stable job, got to culinary school, all on a associates degree?" Melissa let out a deep sigh, her eyes starting to get that familiar burning sensation. her throat closed up for a second and she took a deep breath to calm herself down. Of course they would both team up on her. They always do. She should have stayed home, but no, mom wanted them to go out and have some sibling time, as it was the last night until Jorge left back to Japan tomorrow. God it was Christmas Eve and they still couldn't leave her alone. "Fine then I'll get a bachelors degree." She snapped at both of them. "Then where do you plan to get your culinary certificate at? Have you looked at any places where you want to open your bakery at? Have you decided exactly what city you would want to have it located?" Xavier pestered, slowing to a stop at the red light. Oh thank goodness Best Buy was only a couple minutes away. Maybe then they'd get distracted and leave her alone. "For one second can we just not?" She snapped. "This is our last night together. The least we could do is not banter Melissa on what she wants to do with her life. You're leaving back to Japan, I'm going back to college, and Tina has Christopher to take care of, so for once, lets actually function as a normal family." Xavier pressed on the peddle to hard when the light turned green. Tina pushed herself back into the backseat, quieting herself. The only sound in the car being the soft music from the radio, the air slightly tense. The brunette sighed in relief, picking up her phone clicking on the white app embezzled with a red fire symbol. It's been a while since she'd been to Port Angeles and gotten on Tinder to see if anyone would pop up. Tinder, mostly known as hooking up app, was something she spontaneously downloaded on her phone for the hell of it. Everyone kept talking about it, so she was curious to know what the big deal about it was. There was no way some people actually connect here, and even if they did there was no way she would feel that connection. Sure there were some matches, but none were special as some had put it. Honestly, all she did was compare them the guy who had broken her heart. The girl swiped left boredly, clicking onto profiles not even bothering to look at the pictures. She read the profiles, frowning when none seemed to really just pop up at her. She clicked on the profile, not bothering to really look at the picture, only seeing he was the same age as her. Her eyes immediately locked onto his bio. Embry, 19 60 miles away Active 1 day ago About Embry Pennisula College Pharmacy Major La Push/Forks, WA I can be funny sometimes… Netflix is my bestfriend I like to read, eat, and workout A smiled formed on her face before she knew it. His profile was different, but a good kind of different. Maybe it was just her putting a personality to it, but she could've swore there was some good natured sarcasm hidden in there! Tearing her eyes away from the intriguing profile, she looked at his picture. It was a little dark but she could see a tanned skin guy bent down next to a boy a whole lot younger than him. For a second she though it could be his son, she wouldn't be surprised seeing how the two looked a lot like, but it was too dark to really tell. She swiped for the next picture, the air leaving her lungs for a second. This guy, he was really handsome! And that's saying a lot seeing as how it takes a lot for her to find someone remotely attractive. She couldn't take away her eyes from his grinning his face as he posed on the beach with a sign that had the college name written on it. She begrudgingly swiped to the next picture, which was of him with another girl, both making a funny face. Her smile grew a little. She looked back at his bio a soft chuckle leaving her mouth. "Melissa come on, we are here." Tina's voice tore Melissa away from her phone, and she blinked seeing the big building. She didn't even realize they were already there. She looked back down at her phone, quickly swiping right, not thinking anything would come out of it. She then shoved her phone into her pocket, opening the car door and taking a deep breath of the fresh air, staring up into the night sky. A memory of her and him staring up at the starry night sky flashed in her head. A pang of hurt went through her chest. Tomorrow will be my first Christmas without him. Her mind traitorously thought, pushing away the guy from Tinder to the back of her mind. And it'll be his first Christmas with her . Melissa trudged after her siblings into the store, tears pricking at her eyes at the thought. How easy it was for him to get over her and find someone else so quickly like she was nothing. Like their two years together meant nothing. Two months and twenty four days since they broke up and when she lost the guy she thought she was going to spend the rest of her life with to the one girl she knew would take him away from her. Embry Call sighed, watching his younger brothers laugh and push each other around playfully. On the other side of the bomb fire, he could see his other brothers contently cuddled with their imprints making him frown. How long until that could be him? How long until he actually found his imprint? Would he even find one? "So Embry any matches?" Quil sat next to him, wriggling his eyebrows causing the other guy to roll his eyes at his question knowing full well what he was talking about. As a joke, Quil and Jake set him up a Tinder account stating that there was nothing wrong in just meeting some new people. They even joked that his imprint would be on there, which he highly doubted. "Can I delete this crappy app already." He spat out, stabbing his fork into the hot link. "It wasn't funny when you guys added it, and it's not funny now." "Says the guy who updated the bio." Jake pointed out, Nessie trailing after him, the fire giving her a euphoric glow. "What's the harm could it do? Have you even gotten on it and checked it out? You never know what could happen. Even if you don't find your imprint at least maybe you could find a nice girl and be happy." Embry growled slightly in annoyance wanting to throttle his best friend. He doesn't know what it's like to feel empty when seeing almost everyone around you be with their soul mate. It was easy for them to say that, but they don't know what it's like to see them so happy with the person they are meant to be with, while you don't even know when or if you'll get that chance. "Any New Years resolution Embry?" Nessie asked, her soft bell like voice pulling the wolf from his thoughts and possibly saving her boyfriend from being attacked at the same time. "Not really, I haven't really thought about it." He replied honestly. All he wanted to do was get his degree, go to pharmacy school, and finally graduate and get a good job. "I can't believe the new year is only in, what, two more days." Quil said, watching Claire carefully as she danced around with the younger wolves of the pack. Jealousy sparked through him as she laughed around with him. "It really is crazy isn't it?" Jake mused, pulling Nessie closer to him. "Hopefully this new year would be a lot better and vamp-free." "Hey!"