I love Finnick. LOVE him. If you've read my fics The Glühwein Series (that I coauthor with mockingjayflyingfree) or Unalaska, then you already know that :) and I'd like to be upfront: in this universe, Finnick is the leading man . There will be Everlark sexy times, in this chapter even, cus I love me some Peeta, too! But please take note that there is a triangle and that Everlark is not necessarily endgame . Crazy, right? Keywords: Katnick, Everlark, love triangle, forced prostitution, explicit sexual content, explicit language, anal sex, toys, non-con elements, dubious consent. This is new territory for me too, y'all. So I get it if it's not your thing. If not, then please read no further. You may enjoy one of my other universes instead. Try my fic 7 Steps for a modern Everlark AU in which Peeta is Indian and Katniss is Trini, or Blend for a modern Everlark AU starring daddy!Peeta, or the Christmas TV series for a little Everlark BDSM. Or try Behind the Wall for a canon divergence fic starring Hijacked Peeta. But if you're willing to explore this universe with me, I welcome you. I'm sure you won't be disappointed. Thank you to mockingjayflyingfree, who always supports and inspires my writing, even when she tears apart documents and sends them back bleeding. There's simply no one better than you. Love you! Thank you to Chelzie for fixing my grammar and listening to me complain about having accidentally written a Katnick story. Thank you to Diana_Flynn for pre-reading and offering valuable feedback in the setup of this universe and for posting pics on tumblr of Inara from Firefly to make me smile. I own nothing. The Hunger Games Universe and it's characters were created by Suzanne Collins. Innocence Lost From the moment I could hear again, Haymitch started to prepare me. He explained the situation slowly and carefully to make sure I understood. Getting me out of that arena was expensive . The Capitolites don't look at Tributes and see people. They see characters. They see Avatars. They see players. They choose their favorite, and they sponsor them. This year, many chose me, and now... they want me. The word prostitution is ugly, and I'm grateful that Haymitch doesn't use it. But even nicer sounding words can't glaze over the truth enough to keep it from stinging. If I don't do this, they'll go after my family. They'll go after Prim. I'm in the hospital, still recovering from my Games. Still mending broken bones and healing burned skin. I'm rubbing my shoulder, newly sore from the birth control shot a nurse just gave me. Damn. This arm is going to be dead tomorrow. "It happens to a lot of the victors," Haymitch says. He sits on the edge of my bed and pulls a silver flask from his pocket. He offers me a swig, but I refuse. Haymitch has brought Finnick Odair, a victor from 4, with him, but I'm too preoccupied by the news of having my body sold to the highest bidder to make a big deal of his presence. "For some reason, sweetheart, they find you desirable." I roll my eyes at his attempt to joke about this. He seems almost as uncomfortable about this conversation as I am. "If they didn't want you, they wouldn't have sponsored you," Finnick explains. He doesn't sit on the edge of my bed. Instead he stands near the door, looking like he's posing for one of those Capitol fashion magazines that Effie gave me to pass the time in here. He's perfect. Too perfect. "Why would they want me?" I ask almost desperately. "They can see that you're something special." I stare at Finnick in disbelief. What is he talking about? "Yeah, yeah, whatever," Haymitch huffs. Finnick waves off Haymitch's disinterest. He steps closer and reaches for my hand. I allow it. He looks into my eyes as he stands beside my bed. "We'll help you through it, Katniss." "Yeah. Help." Haymitch chuckles bitterly. "At least you're of age." I celebrated my 18th birthday in the arena. Happy Birthday to me. "You're not a virgin, are you?" Haymitch asks. "Of course not." The lie slips out all too easily. "Well, that's something, at least." Haymitch sighs as he reaches into his pocket. "You've got a few more days to rest before your interview... and your first assignment." He extends an envelope in cream, expensive-looking paper. As I reach for it, I ask, "What can I do?" Surely he has a way to help me out of this? Haymitch only shakes his head. "Stay alive." X 12 hasn't had a winner since Haymitch. No one expected me to win. But I did. So when Cinna appears in my recovery room with a white button down blouse and a light yellow pencil skirt in hand, a surprisingly plain outfit in comparison to what I wore to my last interview, I decide to go through the motions. I memorize a speech, learning to deliver it flawlessly. "Thanks to the generosity of the Capitol," it begins. Cinna fastens my Mockingjay pin over my heart and I try to convince myself that I believe it. It's easy enough to feign interest. I've been holding my emotions in for weeks. This is about survival, and nothing more. I can't allow myself to break. Not yet. My district partner, Symon, was a merchant. His father was a tailor, and though he worked hard at his trade, he in no way had the means to prepare Symon for the Games. Symon was gifted with a needle and thread, but he wasn't deadly. He wasn't strong. He couldn't lift. He couldn't wrestle. And even though I did my best to protect him, especially after I lost Rue and formed an alliance with Cato, I couldn't. He couldn't hunt. He could barely start a fire. He was too easy to track and didn't read any of the signals I sent him to run . I looked away as Cato plunged his sword into Symon's back. But only to reach for my quiver and retrieve the arrow that I shot through his heart only moments later. Symon's death meant our truce was over. "He deserved it," I tell Caesar. "There was no honor in his kill. Cato saw my arrow coming and I watched the light fade from his eyes." I do nothing to hide my bloodlust. I have to face the people of 12 when I get home. I want them to know that I took revenge on the boy who killed my district partner. "It's a good thing you did." Caesar says as he leans in, acting as if we are old friends. I tilt my head and cross my legs, hating the 3 inch heels they're making me wear. I allow him to whisper loudly in my ear. "They say if you'd drawn it out, they would have released mutts." The audience gasps at the danger I supposedly escaped. But I catch the camera zooming in on me, a shameless shot of my cleavage filling a nearby monitor, and I know that I'm in more danger than ever. As I stand to say goodnight to the audience, I find Cinna's eyes in the sea of people. He nods once, cueing me to turn. And when I do, my yellow skirt explodes into orange flames. I exit the stage as they applaud. I take small satisfaction in the fact that I'm still the girl on fire. X I'm exhausted after my interview, but I try not to let it show. I still need to keep it together. I'm escorted back to the training center, to the victor's area on the mezzanine floor. The 12 floors above us are vacant now that the Games are over. With the exception of Haymitch, who is charged with the task of getting me settled in, all of the mentors have gone back to their home districts. The only victors who remain have private suites on this floor because they are working for Snow. I don't have the chance to look around the common area. I'm led directly to my suite, with a large bedroom, a sitting area, and an attached bathroom. The peacekeeper points to the bed and tells me to get some sleep. My first assignment begins in 2 hours. I'm grateful that a dreamless sleep comes easily. X The calm doesn't last. When I wake, my hands are trembling. My skin is cold and clammy. And despite there being nothing in my stomach, my body heaves. I rush to the bathroom, my knees hitting the cool porcelain only moments before I expel water and stomach acid from my body. It burns, but I welcome the pain. It reminds me that I'm alive. That this still isn't over. I take a shower. I use rose scented soap and water so hot it nearly scalds my skin to wash away the evidence of my weakness. I can't let anyone see me break. The common area is empty when they come for me. I'm escorted by plain clothed peacekeepers to the home of a Plutarch Heavensbee. At least, that's what the message detailing my first assignment says: Client: Plutarch Heavensbee Gender: Male Occupation: Dean of Communications, Capitol University Services: Fellatio, Vaginal Intercourse Notes: None I suppose it could be worse. I'm not sure how. But...somehow. The house is located on the campus of Capitol University, an old building that looks like the town houses we have in the merchant center back in 12, only much bigger. I'm dressed conservatively enough. Plutarch "ordered" the sexy school girl he saw on TV this evening. I'm wearing a black pencil skirt and a white button down shirt, and shoes Cinna described as Mary Janes. My mockingjay token is fastened to my chest, and it feels like it's protecting my heart. The peacekeepers don't follow me to the door. I climb three steps and ring the doorbell myself. The sight of the overweight man in front of me should be off putting, but it's not like I have a choice here anyway. Besides, he's handsome enough, I decide, as his lips turn up in a welcoming smile. He might as well be my first. I don't introduce myself. I step inside and quickly take in my surroundings. The hallway is tasteful, and even though the luxury is understated for the Capitol, there's nothing like this anywhere in 12. There are thick, plush carpets and large mirrors. There's a wide, expensive-looking spiral staircase. I guess the bedrooms are upstairs, and perhaps that's where I'll be expected to perform . I feel like I'm standing on the platform again, just before the start of the Games, listening to the countdown that determines my fate. I used those 60 seconds wisely before. I scanned what I could see of the arena and the Cornucopia. I knew it was a risk, but I knew I could grab that orange backpack. I couldn't let fear paralyze me then any more than I can now. Heavensbee shuts the door behind me and I get right to work, unbuttoning my blouse. "How would you like to begin?" I ask in vain. It clearly said fellatio on the card. He pushes my hands away with his and I tense. He must want to undress me himself. But to my surprise, he buttons my blouse back up. "Please, call me Plutarch." He offers me his elbow. "To answer your question, I'd like to begin with a walk." I look at him, confused. "Plutarch, dear. Are you ready to - oh!" A woman dressed in a simple black top and floral leggings appears at the door. That's when I notice that Plutarch is dressed for an evening out, and she is not. "I didn't realize she'd be here so soon." Confusion floods my body as I try to make sense of what's happening. Who is this woman? Why is she