Disclaimer: All canon character, plots, and situations from the Harry Potter series belonging to JK Rowling. I am not profiting from this work. Song Credit: "Say Something (I'm Giving Up On You)" a duet by A Great Big World & Christina Aguilera. Beta: Thank you to my beta, oblivionbaby, for her time and work on this story. Cold Tea Ginny leaned back into the pillows of the sofa, bare feet curled under her. Various pieces of parchment were littered all around her; they were covered in coloured dots that moved over the pages, creating dizzying patterns. Her next Quidditch match was this weekend, and she was hoping she could talk Harry into going to this one. It was an away match in France, and it had been so long since they had taken a short holiday together. She was hoping they could reconnect and talk about their relationship, and how they could work at making things better. He was always working, and she spent a fair amount of time herself either at practises or matches. The guilt of how much time their careers took away from their relationship plagued her, but she wasn't going to give up hers, and she damn well knew that Harry had no intention of giving up his; it was hard enough to get him to take a bloody night off to just have dinner with her. Ginny had already prepared and eaten her dinner alone as she did most nights. She was impatiently waiting for him to get home. He was late; not that it was an odd occurrence. He frequently was the first one to arrive at the office, and the last one to leave in the evening. She reminded herself that being an Auror was an important job, and with the title of 'Chosen One' Harry was typically given jobs that a normal two year rookie wouldn't even be glanced at for taking on. It was so hard to remind herself of what Harry was out to prove. He wanted to show the Wizarding community that he wasn't just some kid that was meant to take down the greatest Dark wizard of his time; he wanted to prove that his talents were his own and that he could gain a name without the scar. She sighed and ran her hand through her hair, pulling the flyaway strands back. Why was she always the only one to reach out? He never made an effort to show her that he cared anymore. Those sweet memories of him bringing her home chocolate, or sending her a note during the day that said simply, I love you - those things never happened anymore. Even when she tried desperately to gain his attention, he turned her away. Her heels echoed against the marble floor of the Ministry, and she smiled warmly at many of the workers as she made her way to Harry's office. When she rounded the corner and into his cubicle, he was sitting on the edge of his desk laughing as Ron told some story. His eyes met hers, and shock ran over his features. " Ginny, what are you doing here?" " I thought it would be fun to surprise you, and take you to lunch. It's been awhile since we did something fun and spontaneous." Harry's green eyes stared at her, but for the first time she couldn't tell what was going on behind them - it was like he was hiding his thoughts from her behind a locked door. He pushed away from the desk and grabbed her lightly by the elbow, guiding her down a hall to a quiet corner. " Gin, I've already had lunch, but thanks for surprising me. I'll tell you what, I will leave early and be home for dinner. Sound okay?" Ginny's shoulders slumped, and she stuck out her bottom lip, pouting. Harry was the only person that saw her in this vulnerable state. Any other person and she would have hauled them up and given them no option of saying no to her. And she sure as fuck would never pout in front of anyone else. Harry rolled his eyes at her childlike display, creating a hurt that she didn't know he could bring to the surface, but she conceded hoping that it was just her being too sensitive. "Okay, Harry, I'll make your favourite and have it on the table at six. Don't be late!" She remembered the burning in her cheeks as she walked through the Ministry towards the Floo after that encounter. He was late for dinner that evening, and she never tried to do something like that again for fear of being rejected. She was so angry and ashamed at the memory that it brought her to her feet, and she paced the room. Whether he didn't care, or he had simply stopped loving her, she didn't know. Her stomach churned and turned into knots at the prospect of even knowing an answer to those questions. Then the dark voice sounded against her anger, and she felt guilt whisper its song into the mix. She should feel shame for even being angry with him. She shouldn't expect him to send her love notes anymore or do random fun things with her. He was working to provide for them. He was making a name for himself, and she should stand next to his side with love and adoration. A sound on the wall brought her attention to the clock that hung there. The face of Harry on the clock-hand began to move from 'Work' to 'Travelling'. Ginny ceased her pacing and sat back down to tidy the space in front of her. Using her wand to make neat stacks of the plays she was going over, she was so busy binding them together and shoving them inside her satchel that she didn't notice the hand on the clock move from 'Travelling' to 'Home'. Their front door swung open, banging harshly against the wall with an echoing thwak . Ginny was momentarily stunned, dropping her bag and looking towards the open door. Harry stepped over the threshold, robes covered in muck, hair standing out in all angles, and his green eyes dark as emeralds, lust pouring over his features. His eyes roamed across the room, finally locking on her, and she let the shiver of desire roll over her, gooseflesh erupting across her skin. Within five long strides, he was towering in front of her and pulling her up to him. His mouth crashed against hers, demanding entrance as he swiped his tongue harshly over her lips. Ginny responded eagerly, granting him access and moaning into his parted lips. He clawed his hands down her sides to find the skin under her shirt, fingers gripping her flesh hard as he moved from her mouth down her jaw to the sensitive spot at the base of her neck. Ginny threw her head back, giving him full access as he sucked and bit, eliciting the most satisfying of feelings inside her. His fingers fumbled with the hem of her shirt, and she pushed his hands away to pull it roughly over her head. Forcefully removing his cloak and jumper, she pressed her naked chest against his, kissing him greedily while hungrily raking her hands over his shoulders and down his back. Their tongues tangled together, each demanding dominance and neither succeeding. Harry's hands roamed over her flesh to the back of her flannel bottoms, nails digging into her taut cheeks, pulling her against his hardened length. Both of them moaned at the gratifying sensation, and she reached up to thread her hands through his black locks, nails scratching his scalp as she grabbed a fistful of hair, pulling his face away from hers. She met his eyes, and for one split second, she noticed the dancing light reflecting in his; the one that she remembered from what seemed like ages ago - the one that she yearned to have focused on her - but then it was gone, hidden behind the door that was now always locked. Her heart felt like lead attempting to beat against her ribs, and she closed her eyes, letting him kiss up her neck and suckle her jawline. The thought of knowing she couldn't get through that door slammed against the front of her brain; he wasn't going to let her in. This is what they had left, a burning passion to feel each other, and leave the other feeling loved in the only way that remained between them. He was kissing her again, tongue dancing along with hers. The musky scent of cedar and bergamot - the scent of the man that she loved - overwhelmed her senses, and she let the thoughts slip away to be replaced with raw physical need. Reaching down, she palmed his cock through the thin material, pressing against it firmly. She pulled away from his mouth, breathing hard as she unclasped his trousers and pushed them down to the floor. Kneeling in front him, she looked up letting the churning desire in his face spur her on. She licked her thumb and ran it firmly over the smooth flesh of his throbbing manhood, wrapping her fingers around him she stroked up and down and across his head. He shuddered, and she licked her lips before leaning forward to touch her mouth to him. She ran her tongue in a circle over his tip, teasing him before dragging her wet mouth down the length of his shaft. Relaxing her throat, she took him fully, letting her tongue guide her path up and down. She was encouraged to move faster as his hands wound themselves into her hair gently directing the rhythm. She could feel him pulse against the inside of her jaws and she stopped just before his release. He pulled her to feet, kissing her as if she was air and he was drowning. He was everywhere, taking from her what he needed selfishly, and she stole from him just as easily. Her back hit the wall, and he ran his fingers under the elastic of her pants and pushed them down as she wiggled her feet out of the holes. His fingers found her swollen mound and she rubbed herself against his palm unashamedly as he dragged his fingers over her clit. When his finger dipped into her dripping core she screamed his name. He pumped one finger, then two, faster and harder, all the while running his tongue over every expanse of her flaming flesh. "I need you, now. I can't wait any longer," he murmured in her ear before nipping at her lobe, the words eliciting an aching urgency for more of him. Grabbing her thigh, he pulled it up against his hip, and gripped her arse to the perfect angle before entering her in one full thrust. She pulled her other leg up, intertwining her ankles around Harry's back, and wrapping her arms around his neck. He panted against her neck as beads of sweat dripped between their slicked bodies. He pumped hard and fast, deep and determined, until her cries became loud and uncontrolled. She could feel her release coming, and she let herself fall over the edge, the waves of her orgasm crashing around her. Two more thrusts and Harry shivered against her, pressing her against the wall as the pulse of his cock throbbed against her folds. His grip on her ass slackened, and he lowered her legs slowly to the floor. "I love you," she whispered against his heaving chest, as he worked to regain his breathing. "I...love...you...too," he panted automatically, eyes still closed with his head resting on her shoulder. With a last deep breath she pushed away from the wall and pulled on her bottoms, followed by her shirt. The man standing in their lounge had a hollow look in his eyes. She knew he didn't see her now, he needed his space.