Author's Chapter Notes: Hey all! Here in the UK we've been bombarded with Queen Jubilee-ness. Now, as a Scot all that just annoyed me, but our Queenie has an inspirational story. Enter Princess Isabella and heir to the throne of the largest empire in the world...throw in her own personal prince that she shares more with than she first realises and there's bound to be fireworks :) A love story in the making :D Hope y'all enjoy! It's a little differe nt from my usual stuff, so prepare yourselves if you're already a reader of mine. Contains British spelling as it is set in Britain :D However, this royal family has been changed, so it wont correspond with what you know about the real British monarchy :D x Chapter One: The Princess and the Pea I awoke to the familiar ringing of a distant bell, a bell I knew signalled the start of a brand new day. The sun was streaming through a small gap in the curtains, lighting up the large room and helping me awake fully. My room was extravagantly large, but filled with precious items and comforts to make it feel like home. They included photographs taken on family holidays and trips overseas with school friends, as well as medals and trophies that I've won. One corner of the floor was dedicated to an organised pile of teddy bears all sitting together. They'd been in the same position for years, and I hadn't had time to sort through them since my return. I was sure more than half could go to a good charity. Like them, my room hadn't changed, barring a different set of bed linen and new curtains hanging on the windows. I wasn't the same, unlike them I had grown and changed. I tried to remember what the girl who left home all those years ago had been like, but I found it difficult to imagine my eleven-year-old self. Life experiences, new friends, and a growing view of the world had changed me into a new person, and it was someone I was proud to be. I just hoped my parents would be proud, too. I'd only been home two days, but today was the first I'd see them. Their visit to Paris had been lengthened for reasons I wasn't too sure of, and they'd been unable to get home in time for my homecoming. I couldn't pretend I wasn't disappointed by that fact, but I also couldn't deny my mother and father extra time together in a romantic city, God knows they needed it. I'd spent the previous day reacquainting myself with my horse, Steel – named after his colour as my six-year-old self thought Grey wasn't imaginative enough – and lunching with my sister Rosalie. She was younger than I, and she was also home for the summer. The two of us hadn't seen each other in over a year, and I relished the time to get to know her again. I'd been travelling Italy the previous summer with my best friend from boarding school, and had missed the few months we usually spent together at home. I lay in bed, and listened to the palace awaken around me. I could hear windows and doors leading to the patio being opened below my window, and people walking the long halls – mostly maids going to begin their shifts, or the earlier ones finishing. A worker started up what sounded like a hedge-trimmer in the distance, jarring me where I lay. Summer at the palace was my favourite season. The grounds were expansive and fulfilling, the gardens invigorating, the grass greener than ever, and the entire place was full of life. Family usually came to visit, distant cousins, close cousins, uncles and aunts, all spending the long days together when duty didn't call. Mother and Father usually spent the summer months at home, but it varied year-to-year. If there was a natural disaster, it was seen as appropriate that the King visited the affected area. If there was another world leader's death, wedding, birthday or coronation, they attended, and sometimes an invite for Rosalie and me would arrive at the palace. It was two years at least since I'd seen most of my family, and while I'd have liked some alone time with my father, I couldn't deny that I was excited to see them. Having no other close friends, Rosalie and I had always enjoyed the company of our cousins – older, younger or similar in age. A knock at the door sounded, and I stretched out of bed before calling for them to enter. Angela, a pretty young girl that was new to the palace staff, came in timidly, unsure as to how she would be received. I smiled gently, letting her know I was comfortable with her presence and she should be with mine. "Miss, would you like breakfast in your room this morning, or downstairs?" she asked quietly, keeping eye contact like she had no doubt been taught to do. "What time are Mama and Papa arriving?" I asked her. "The King and Queen are due to land in under an hour, Your Highness. They are expected to be back within the palace around mid-morning." She blushed under my gaze as she answered, but otherwise remained quietly standing in the middle of the room. "Then I shall dine downstairs. Thank you, Angela." She blushed again and I smiled, wondering how long it would take her to become accustomed to working closely with me. It wasn't until she was leaving my suite that I called after her. "Oh, could you wake Rose as well? It would be nice if we could eat a light breakfast together." "Of course, Your Highness," she replied with a nod of her head and a curtsy. I'd have to sort that out, I thought. She'd called me "miss" when she came in, and that was more than enough. I wouldn't have her addressing me so formally when we were alone together, nor would I allow her to curtsy every time she met or left me. I never forgot that I was Princess Isabella, heir to the throne to millions of people throughout the world, but it was nice to be just Bella as often as I could. My father was the ruler; I lived happily in his shadow and wanted to continue that way as long as possible. A few hours later, while I was finishing pinning up my hair to compliment the dress I was wearing, Angela walked into my room, alerting my to the fact the Mama and Papa were home. With a giddy smile and a light feeling in my chest, I ran along the corridor and flew down the stairs, much like I did when I was small. I knew I was making a show of myself in front of advisors and bodyguards as my mother took her coat off in the entrance hall, but I couldn't contain the happy squeal that escaped my lips as I ran towards her. I didn't notice that there were more bodies in the foyer than usual, that outside in the sunshine there were more cars than were necessary, or that just inside the door there were far more pieces of luggage than was needed for two people. My mother's softness and scent surrounded me, making me oblivious to anyone or anything else as she took me in her arms and pressed a kiss to the top of my head. A feeling had been missing since I'd returned, and now that she was there, I truly felt like I was home. I opened my eyes and grinned comically at my father over my mother's shoulder before letting go, stepping around her and launching myself at him too. I was never ashamed to say I was Daddy's little girl. I heard Rose arrive and Mother welcome her youngest daughter home, but I stayed under my father's arm and let him guide me to the day-lounge, intent on listening to his stories and thrilling him with some tales of my own. They'd been attending a summit meeting of European heads of state in Paris. Prime Ministers, presidents and monarchs of the European Union were getting together to try and combat the rising debt crisis in our neighbouring countries. Father was one of the only two Kings within Europe, while all the other modern-day countries relied on parliaments and governments to rule them. I had grown up learning every day about the history of our family, how generation after generation had ruled with a panel of parliament-type advisors behind them, but ultimately running the country themselves. It was an odd thing in the modern world, but it had never been changed, and Father always told me it probably never would. " But when it's your turn, Isabella, you can do anything. I know you'll have the belief and power to do whatever is best for this country." I shivered as I remembered those words. I hoped that day was a long way off. My duties as a princess were similar to that of a queen, only without all the responsibility of making decisions that affected an entire population. At the moment, I just turned showed up to the events I was told to make an appearance at, chose charities closest to my heart that I wanted to be patron of, and made public appearances in support of local organisations and companies. I wasn't making it out to be unimportant, but my duties and responsibilities as Queen would no doubt take over my life. I just hoped when the day came, that I'd be trained as best as my father could manage, have a strong board of loyal friends and advisors behind me and a loving, supportive husband by my side. I sighed; the last was one of the few things I hoped for more than anything in life. I tuned out as Rose asked our mother question after question about Paris from her spot beside her on the sofa. There had been a few guys who'd caught my attention at school, from the town in Switzerland we'd been situated in, but none of them had lasted more than a lunch or a group get-together. Mother and Father had been friends since childhood, as their parents were long term friends. My mother, however, had been the eldest daughter of a foreign dignitary, from an important and wealthy family, and she reminded me time and again that that was the only reason she managed to marry the love of her life. An heir to the throne couldn't marry just anyone. In fact, my father had been in line for an arranged marriage, but his mother had done everything she could to show everyone of importance that my mother was the right choice for him. I missed my grandmother. I had no doubt she'd have done the same for me if she was still around, but sadly she had passed away, dying of severe pneumonia only three years ago. I couldn't imagine myself married – no longer a single unit but part of a pair, with someone to consult with, rely on, depend on and think of first. I wondered how long it would take me to find a man I could see my future with, someone who would love me as much as my father loved my mother. I looked at them even now and could see the way his eyes lingered on her face as she spoke. I'd seen the way she turned her entire body to face him when he entered a room, the smile that would light up her face when he brushed past her, secretly brushing her hand, or the sadness that would be etched into her features when he was away on business and she hadn't been able to accompany him. Their love was timeless, a story from the ages that neither Rose nor I