Picking up the pieces The first time it happens Percy grabs her arms and holds them to his chest, stilling her body as it thrashes, her mind still paralyzed in a nightmare. The blood runs down his face where her fingernails raked down it, her sleeping-self mistaking him for a monster. "It's okay. It's me. Annabeth. " He watches the recognition dawn in her eyes, and she stares down at her hands in shock. "I'm sorry. I'm so so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so-" She shivers, and Percy clutches her to his chest. Two nights later it happens again, only its Percy's hands wrapped around her throat, and she can't even scream, can't even breathe. He wakes up, launching off the bed, leaning against the wall. They both breathe heavily, and avoid each other's eyes, something they haven't done since they were children, awkward and nervous around each other. It happens 3 more times that week, sometimes Percy, sometimes Annabeth. The next week it happens 5. Annabeth tries to stay in the Athena cabin, but finds that with no Percy there to hold her, she screams louder. She walks to his cabin at 4 am after apologizing to her siblings quietly, morning light already bleeding into the dark sky, and finds his door already open. There is soft light spilling out from inside, every lamp switched on. She finds Percy sitting in the middle of the floor, clutching his head. His body shakes, his toes tapping the floor. He whips around when he hears her come in, his eyes red, relaxing as he sees her. "Do you think I could stay here tonight?" She asks in a hushed whisper, nervous, though she has spent the last 3 months after returning from Tartarus sleeping in his bed. It feels different now, every night turning into a violent game of 'who will be spending the next morning in the infirmary'. Sleeping next to each other isn't even comfort anymore, it is necessity. They lay with their limbs tangled together, but only so that they can hold the other down when the nightmares start. Annabeth can't tell if being with him is worse than not being with him. But every night she crawls into bed with him, the bags under both of their eyes darker than the day before. "Have you tried some type of sleeping medicine?" Rachel asks the next day, sitting on the beach with Annabeth, watching Percy float on his back, younger campers swimming around him. As they splash him, she sees a hint of his old smile, a true genuine smile that she doesn't see very often anymore. Parts of him are still in the pit, and she doesn't know if he'll ever get them back. It scares her to look over and see the eyes she fell in love with, but not the soul behind them. Not to say Percy isn't still there, because he is, and he emerges while they watch movies or swim or practice archery, the comments he makes or the way he brushes his hair back. But sometimes he is empty. And emptiness is something she's all too familiar with these days, she sees it every time she looks in the mirror. It's not his fault, or hers. She is different too. She no longer get animated talking about monuments and skyscrapers, and she no longer spends her meals joking with her siblings. And when Percy folds her into his arms at night, it doesn't feel like what it used too, it's like they are simply going through the motions. She loves him, that hasn't changed, but them seems more painful now than before. She knows he feels it too. Now, as he holds her hands, she tries not to look at the healing marks on his cheeks, or the bruises on his arms, and he doesn't look at her split lip or bandaged hands. They do not blame each other. They blame Tartarus. Tartarus, who, even after they were spit out of its belly, still holds the leash over their lives. Annabeth finally says something, three weeks after the night terrors begin, as Percy is putting a new bandage on her arm before they go to sleep. "I can't even look at you anymore." She whispers, in the saddest voice Percy has ever heard. His fingers still on her arm, and he lifts his eyes to hers. "I know." He replies, sitting back. "I can't keep sitting her, pretending everything's okay, hurting you, I can't do it Percy. I can't do it anymore." She says, fingers shaking. "I know." He repeats, voice quiet than before. "I know? I know? Is that all you have to say?" She feels angry, angry that she is about to lose him, angry at Tartarus, angry at the fates, and angry at herself for wanting a quest so badly when she was 12. Because maybe, if she had stayed back, she and Percy wouldn't be in this mess. Percy rakes a hand through his hair, and shuts his eyes. "What do you want me to say Annabeth? That I regret it? That I wish I hadn't fallen in? Because you know I wouldn't change it. I wouldn't change it, and I'm sorry, but that's the truth. I would never let you fall by yourself." He says, and Annabeth stands up from her seat on the bed. She knows it's the truth, and she knows she wouldn't change him falling with her. She can't be mad at him for it either. Because without him, she would be dead, or stuck in an endless torture. "Were not even us anymore, Percy." She says, tears slipping down her cheeks. He reaches for her face, and she flinches, and he stops. He stops, his hand in the air, and she knows by the look in his eyes, that he knows they are broken. But that doesn't stop him from trying. They argue and argue about things that don't matter, they argue about the marks in each other's arms and the fact that they are the only ones in the 7 who haven't recovered. They fight until the sky is light blue, the sun having just risen, and they can feel that it's over, but accepting it means it's real, and neither of them want that. "EVERY TIME I LOOK AT YOU I SEE HELL PERCY. DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND THAT?" Any response he could have fired back is dropped, and they look at everything but each other. "I look at you and I see the end of the world. I see it every time Percy," Percy looks down at his feet as her voice drops to a cracked whisper, "and I don't know how to make that go away, because I love you, but how can I love you when I can't even look at you." She deflates, and watches as one tear breaks free from Percy's eye. She watches it trail down his cheek and drip onto the floor, and the room is silent. "I just don't think we can be fixed." She finishes, and moves towards Percy. If this was a year ago, she probably would have made up with him by now, their fights usually didn't last long, and they would be kissing or laughing or doing anything other than this by now. But all she does is wrap her arms around him, and kiss his cheek. He holds her to him, both their chests heaving. "I love you. It's never going to change." Percy whispers fiercely as she pulls away. "I love you too." Those are the last words she speaks to him before leaving his cabin. It has been two years since that night, and Annabeth hasn't had a nightmare in a week. She hasn't talked to Percy in 9 months, which frankly, makes her relieved, because every time she hears his voice it feels like a scalpel straight to her heart. At first they talked on the phone once a week, telling of nightmares and nights without them. Eventually the phone calls came less often, which was probably for the best. He is at camp, and Annabeth is in the city taking classes, and she hasn't seen Percy face to face in 2 years, and she's trying very hard to be okay with it. She shared an apartment with Piper for the first year, but she moved in with Jason, and now Annabeth is alone. She lives near central park, and spends her afternoons studying out on the grass. She is as close to happy as she can get. She went on 3 dates with a boy named Jake, who looked nothing like Percy but made her laugh. However, the fact is that he is not Percy, and she told him three months ago she wants to just be friends. She said that she was sorry, and he said 'I understand', which was probably just a lie, because he doesn't call her anymore. And truthfully, Annabeth doesn't care, she wouldn't pick up the phone anyways. But things are better now. Tartarus loses its grip on her a little more every day, though she lives with the memories, and knows she will for the rest of her life. But every day as the grip loosens, some of the fear does too. One afternoon, as she is heading towards Starbucks after class, she sees a flash of black hair, and it stops her in her tracks. Her heart thrums and her breath hitches, and she wants to find him and run her fingers through his hair and lace her fingers through his, but she can't. She gave up that right. 'Keep walking Annabeth. It's not him' she tells herself, though she doesn't believe it, but makes her feet move. She orders a drink mindlessly at the counter of the coffee shop, having no idea what she ordered as she sits down in a booth in the back of the coffee shop. She feels a small pang when she takes a sip and realizes it's what Percy used to order. The bell on the door rings, and Annabeth looks up. She sees a messy head of black hair and tan arms that look thicker than the last time she saw them. And when the boy-now closer to a man-looks over at her, she sees that his green eyes are just as vibrant as they were when she left them and the boy they belonged to in the Poseidon cabin two years ago. The bags under his eyes are still there, but less prominent than they were back then. There is a pink scar that runs from his cheekbone to his chin, and she shudders, knowing her hands were the ones that left it there. And he is so handsome. He is so much more handsome than she remembers, finally filling out his form. He looks happy for a sliver of a second when he looks at her before the recognition dawns in his eyes, and his face falls. He tries to cover it, but Annabeth knows him, and he knows there's no use. He avoids her eyes as he gets his drink, and then hesitantly makes his way towards her small table. "Hey." He says, his voice timid, unsure of how she will react. "Hi." She replies, voice shaking. She clears her throat and repeats it. "Mind if I…" He gestures to the seat across the table, and she nods. He scoots in, and she tries to keep her heart from exploding from her chest. 2 years, 3 months, 6 days later, and she still loves Percy Jackson just as much as the day she left him. She looks into his eyes and sees that they are guarded, a look she has never seen on him before, at least not directed at her. "Grover would kill both of us if he saw us here." Percy says, breaking the silence. Annabeth laughs. "Him and his environmental conservation." She replies. Her