Annabeth was up late reading when she heard the lock downstairs click. Her eyes flicked up from the page, and she slowly shut her book. She contemplated going and getting her father and stepmother, but their room was farther than the front door. So she crept down the stairs, turning into the kitchen. A dark figure was hunched over in the pantry. She looked for a weapon, but came up empty. The sharp items in her house were locked up high, her step brothers had a bad history with them. She cursed them silently. Reluctantly, she grabbed the dish soap stick, with its plastic handle, and yielded it like a sword. She reached for the light, and flicked it on, clenching her teeth. The light clicked on and the figure- a boy who wouldn't be any older than her- whipped around, eyes wide. He dropped the bag in his hands, and Annabeth stuck the soap stick out. "Care to explain what the hell you are doing in my kitchen?" She growled, glaring at him. His eyes flashed yellow, then green, then yellow. Annabeth's eyes widened, but she said nothing, her grip tightening on the handle. "I'd like to know what damage you planned to do with that." The boy gestured at the dish sponge stick, and she thrust it in his face. He backed up, putting his hands up in surrender. "You don't ask the questions." Annabeth said. "Fair enough." He shrugged, trying to act calm, but she saw his hands shake at his sides. She guessed that he had either never gotten caught, or never broken in to someone's house before. She also guessed that it was the latter. His clothes were rumpled and dirty, like he had been sleeping outside, and his black hair was messy and unkempt. 'He's kinda cute, besides the fact that he looks homeless' The thought was in her head before she could stop it, and she ignored it. She felt bad for him, and her hand dropped to her side. "Do you need a place to stay?" She asked, studying him. The boy bit his lip, and looked down at the floor. "Yes." He whispered the words like he was ashamed of them, and she knew that this kid wasn't a thief. He was in a shitty situation, and he really didn't want be. He looked back up at her, and his eyes flashed again. "You're going to follow me upstairs, and I'm going to pretend it's me in the shower, and you are going to clean up. Then you're going to tell me why you were standing in my house at 3 am." She told him, he nodded. "May I ask the name of my savior?" He asked, grimacing, his knees shaking. "Annabeth." "Percy." "Alright Percy. Before we go upstairs you are going to tell me why your eyes are flashing." "My-my eyes are flashing?" He had a frightened look on his face, and ran over to the window, opening the curtains. "Shit." He said, running a hand over his face. "What?" Annabeth asked, placing her hands on her hips. "Is tomorrow a full moon?" He asked. "Yes. That a problem?" She said warily, narrowing her eyes. "Kind of." "Care to explain?" "Look maybe I shouldn't stay here, I can just go I don't-" "You're staying here. I'm not letting you sleep on a bench or something." "But-" "No." He followed Annabeth up the stairs, and she shut the door behind them. Annabeth sat down on her bed, and Percy leaned against her desk, looking uncomfortable. His hands were trembling, and his eyes were flashing continuously. "Tell me what's going on. Whatever it is, I promise I won't kick you out. But if you're a crack addict or a psycho I'd like to know so that I can arm myself." She winked at him, but he kept a straight face. "I don't know how to even tell you-it wouldn't make any sense." He ran his hand through his hair, making it even messier than it already was. "Try me." "Don't make me tell you." He pleaded. "Now." "I turn into a wolf." Annabeth scoffed. "Yeah and I'm tinker bell." He gave her a look. "I'm serious." "What, you're a werewolf? Those are stories Percy." Annabeth had the striking suspicion that the boy in her room was insane. "The stories are a little off. But I guess you could say that." He said, shrugging. He was being completely serious. "I can show you." Annabeth looked at him warily, but nodded. "If you're screwing with me I'm going to be pissed." "Humor me." "Fine." "Please do not freak out." He said, moving to stand in the middle of the room. He shut his eyes, and when he opened them, they were yellow. There was no more flashing, but his eyes glowed. Annabeth felt her heart pick up, but she kept watching. His body started to shake, and he dropped to his knees. He let out a soft cry, then his body twisted, and suddenly it wasn't him anymore. A black wolf with yellow eyes stood in the middle of her room. And then just as quickly, he lost the fur and was curled in his own skin. Percy the boy lay on the floor, breathing heavily. "I believe you." Annabeth said breathlessly. He laughed humorlessly, and reached for his pants, which were in a pile next to him. "A wolf. An actual wolf. You turn into an actual wolf." Annabeth said, watching him stand up. He reached for his shirt, and she noticed the muscles that laced down his chest and arms. She looked away, and fell back against the bed. "I'm dreaming." She said. Percy pinched her leg. "Nope." "What about the full moon?" She asked. "I can control the shift any other day. But if I change on the full moon, then I can't control the change back. It could be weeks before I remember I'm supposed to have fingers." She could tell he had been through this multiple times before. She pulled herself up, and sighed. The mood had turned somber. "You're going to shower, because you kind of smell, and then you're going to explain why the hell you turn into a wolf." "And why I was breaking into your house?" He said, lifting a brow. "Yes." "So should I sing badly to make them think it's you or-"Annabeth swatted Percy with a towel, shoving him towards the bathroom. "Just go." He tossed her a smile before shutting himself in the bathroom. Annabeth made herself busy, trying to distract herself from the fact that the boy in her shower was, in fact, an animal, at least some of the time. She went to work pulling blankets down onto the floor, staring down at the makeshift bed. She didn't worry about her parents walking in on them, because they didn't care enough to do so. They went on with their lives like busy little bees, spending little time with the daughter who isn't what they wanted. Annabeth was deadweight. Left on her father's porch when she was a new born by her mother who had been with her father for about 2 months. She hadn't wanted a baby, so she just dumped Annabeth with her father. But now her father had two new kids with his wife, and Annabeth skirted around them, feeling like the one no one wanted. Percy poked his head out of the bathroom door, water dripping down his face, and Annabeth jumped. "Jesus." She exclaimed, pressing a hand to her chest. "Sorry." He said, not looking sorry at all, "But I kind of don't have any clothes." Annabeth stood up and pressed a finger to her lips. "Be right back." She mouthed, before opening the bedroom door. She tiptoed to the laundry room, grateful for carpet upstairs, preventing creaks. She pulled a pair of her father's sweatpants and a t-shirt out of the basket, and hurried back to her room. She found Percy with a towel wrapped around his waist, frowning down at the book that was in his hands. She hid her surprise, and shut the door, leaning against it. "It's actually a really good book." She said, nodding at his hands. "I have no doubt. I can't read it though." He said, looking at her sheepishly. "Are you dyslexic?" She asked, raising her eyebrows. He nodded, cheeks pink, then set the book back where it was on her bookshelf. "Me too." She said quietly. Her father didn't know, she hid it, but the reason she was up so late reading was because it took her so long to get through one page. "All the books…?" He looked at the huge bookshelf on her wall, and she shrugged. "Just because it's hard to read them doesn't mean I stop trying." He looked impressed, and it made her uncomfortable. "Put some clothes on before someone comes in. It's better to have a clothed werewolf in my room than a naked one." He looked alarmed, and she smirked. "Technically I'm not a werewolf." "Uh huh." "He won't come-" "He won't come in. Don't worry. But you're going to have to go commando." She tossed the clothes at him, and he caught them. "Is there any other way?" "Just go get dressed." "So I can take the floor and you can-"Annabeth started, pointing at her queen bed. "No." Percy said. "What?" She asked, puzzled. "I'm not taking your bed while you sleep on the floor. You get the bed." "But-" "No." Annabeth groaned, but crawled onto her bed. She reached up and flipped the light switch off, and flopped against her pillow. "So tell me Percy, why were you in my house?" She asked. She heard him sigh. "Sure you want to know? It's kind of depressing." "Don't make me throw something at you." She said, and heard him chuckle. "6 years ago, when I was 10, my mom died in a car accident. My dad was a sailor, he's been lost at sea for years, which means I was stuck with my stepdad Gabe. Let's just say, he was less than thrilled to have me," She could hear the grimace in his voice, "He made life a living hell. Forced me to get a job so I could pay for his poker games. He pulled me out of the dyslexia program at school, said it cost too much. He hit me, and there was nothing I could do, because I had nowhere else to go. No family." Annabeth knew how he felt, though her situation was better than his. She knew how it felt to be unwanted. "How does the whole wolf thing fit into this?" She whispered. "I don't know how it happened. I wasn't bit by anything. It's not as bad as you would think. Most of the time. Full moons are always harder. The first time I changed was when I was 13, on a full moon. Scared the shit out of me. I woke up the next morning underneath a tree, covered in dirt. It was really awkward walking through a park naked at 7 in the morning trying to get home." Annabeth laughed, grateful at his attempt to lighten the story. "So I went home. At first I could control it. I changed when I got angry." "One night when my stepdad was having a poker game, he called me out. He wanted a beer. I told him no, and he grabbed and twisted my arm until he heard it snap. All because I didn't want to get him a beer. I was trying to study. With all the racket from his fucking game, the words were swimming so much I couldn't-couldn't see the page. So I went out and asked him to be quiet. I had a huge test. But he wanted me to get him a beer, and I didn't, so he reached for me. I almost changed right then. I