Percy meets Annabeth on his first day of kindergarten. Percy is the youngest in his class, and doesn't want to leave his mother. But he walks into the class anyways, and that's when he sees her. Her hair is in a messy braid, her eyes are gray like a storm, and she is sitting by herself with the building blocks. The other kids are at the craft table, and that's where he would like to be, but this girl has his attention. He walks to where she sits on the floor, and plops down in front of her. The motion knocks down her small castle, and she looks up at him, glaring. "I'm sorry." Percy whispers, and her eyes soften. "It's okay." It seems she has noticed how nervous he is, and is going easy on him. "I'm Annabeth." She says, and sticks her hand out confidently. "Im-im Percy." He says, shaking her hand. "Do you like building blocks?" She asks, looking at him expectantly. He nods at her, and she smiles. "I love them. I'm going to build something real one day when I'm big." Percy nods again, and she narrows her eyes. "You don't talk much." She says. "I'm sorry." He says, not sure what he is supposed to say to this girl. "You say sorry a lot." She says. "I'm sorry." He repeats, and she laughs. It rings out clear, and it makes Percy smile too. "Would you-would you like to be my friend?" Percy asks nervously, fidgeting. Annabeth smiles. "Of Course Seaweed Brain." He doesn't understand the nickname, but he smiles anyway. And as for his first day of kindergarten, everything is okay. Annabeth's mother leaves for good in third grade. She walks home with Percy instead of going straight home, and he sees her holding back tears. "Do you wanna come over? We can watch Nemo." He says, trying to cheer her up. She smiles gratefully at him, and they spend the next few hours camped on Percy's couch, eating blue cookies his mother had made them. (For some reason he refuses to eat anything sweet that isn't blue) Afterwards, they go outside and lay in the backyard as the sun goes down. "I'm sorry Annabeth." Percy says. Annabeth has been quiet all day, something that is very rare of Annabeth Chase. He grabs her hand, his fingers tiny in hers, and she lets him. "It's not fair to promise something like that and then leave." She says, and Percy frowns. "I will never break any of my promises." Annabeth looks over at him. "You mean it?" She asks, her voice light. He nods, and she does the same. "We can get married, and I won't ever leave you." He tells her, and she laughs. "You don't wanna marry me." "Yep. I very much do." He stands up, pushing his chest out. "I, Percy Jackson, will marry Annabeth Chase and be with her forever and never leave." Annabeth giggles, and hides her face. "We can't get married Percy! We have to be 18!" She protests through her giggles. Percy purses his lips, and then nods repeatedly. "Okay. Then when were older, 18, we can get married." "And," He jumps up onto one of his swings, "We will eat blue cookies and cupcakes and go swimming in the ocean every day." Annabeth stands up, and hops onto the swing next to him. "I accept your offer." She says, laughing as he tries to turn towards her and falls off the swing. She tips her head back and laughs as he lays on the ground in the grass. It makes her forget about her parents, at least for a little while, and in that moment, everything is okay. "That girl is looking at you." Annabeth says during lunch as they are getting their food. It is 6th grade, and lots of girls look at Percy. They glare at Annabeth, as she is always hanging out with him. "Shut up." He says, blushing. Annabeth loves to point out the attention he gets, mostly because it makes him so uncomfortable. She looks over at Percy, who is complimenting the lunch lady on her new hairnet, and tries to see what the girls see. He is not yet filled out, but he has that skater look, his hair messy, his eyes a bright green. He is tall, and strong, but also a tad bit lanky. Maybe he is a little cute. "I see you staring at me, Wise Girl." He says, winking at her. She blushes, but rolls her eyes. "I was just looking at your shirt. And all of its wrinkles." She arches an eyebrow, and grins at him. "Life is too short to iron your clothes." He says, heading towards the table in the courtyard they always sit at. "Or maybe you're just too lazy to do it." She answers, pinching his side. She notices that the glares from the girls who conveniently place themselves around their table get a little darker. He pinches her back, then picks up his food, blissfully unaware of the silent war surrounding him. But she's sitting next to him, and he's telling her a joke, and everything is okay. Percy joins the swim team in 7th grade. Annabeth goes to all of his meets. Lots of girls show up too, obviously to watch Percy. It bugs Annabeth, though she can't figure out why. The attention always makes Percy blush, and Annabeth always teases him for it. She ends up sitting next to Percy's mom, Sally, who smiles a lot. Annabeth likes to pretend that Sally is her real mother, instead of the mother who stopped calling two years ago. Mrs. Jackson smiles big and laughs bright and Annabeth understands why Percy loves her so much. She can't help but love her too. Sally asks how life at home is, and seems genuinely concerned. Annabeth tells her that it's hard, and Mrs. Jackson tells her that she always has a place with them. "Thank you so much." She says. There is genuine compassion in Sally's eyes, very different from the usual emptiness in her fathers. Then Sally turns away, yelling as Percy swims and down his lane. Annabeth rubs the hint of tears from her eyes, and yells along with her. They wave the foam fingers Sally brought, and snack on gross nachos. After it's over, Annabeth meets Percy by the locker room, where he is rubbing his wet head with a towel. "Shake it like a dog, I hear that method works." She calls out, grinning as he pulls the towel off his face. He smiles when he sees her, and wraps her in a hug. "I did it Annabeth. I qualified." "I told you you would. Why would you ever doubt me?" She asks, pulling out of his arms. If it was any other boy hugging her, Annabeth would be embarrassed. But this was Percy. "So are we getting ice cream?" It was a tradition that after every meet, they go get ice cream and see a movie. Percy blushes, and looks down. "Actually Emily invited me to get pizza. I kinda agreed to go." Percy says, rubbing the back of his neck. Annabeth's face falls, but she puts herself back together in a millisecond. "Rain check?" He asks, face hopeful. "Yeah. Totally." Annabeth nods, trying to ignore the pain that she feels in her chest. "You rock." "Congratulations. Have fun." She says, putting on a smile. After Percy leaves, she walks aimlessly out of the school, starting the walk home. And an hour later, she gets a call from Percy, telling her about how much fun he had. He tells her he's going out with Emily to a movie tomorrow, but they'll definitely hang out this weekend. The pain in her chest is back, and she tells herself its nothing. She doesn't care what he's doing. She tells herself all of these things. But she avoids thinking about the real reason. Truthfully, she doesn't want to admit it. She's jealous. And everything doesn't seem so okay anymore. Its 8th grade, and Percy's mom is getting married to a nice man named Paul Blofis (Percy loves to make fun of his name). He invites her with him to the wedding, because 'they're best friends and he needs someone fun to go with'. Annabeth agrees to go, and goes out with her friend Rachel to find a dress. She gets one for $17 at goodwill, and decides she is ready. That night, she pins her hair a million different ways, not really knowing what she's doing. If there's anything Annabeth isn't, it's girly. The dress she chose is blue, with black flowers lacing up. It stops at the knee, and hugs her slowly-developing-figure nicely. At least, that's what Rachel tells her. She finally pins it in a way she hopes looks pretty, and heads down to find her dad. He drops her at the entrance to the banquet hall, and she heads in, glad that she chose flats over heels. She would have made a fool of herself. She finds Percy in the main ballroom, where a few guests have already seated themselves. He's standing by the wall, nervously straightening his tie. His hair looks slightly less messy than usual, like he actually made an effort. 'He looks handsome' The moment she thinks it, it stops her on her feet. Before she can reflect on it, Percy sees her. "Annabeth!" He hurries over and stops in front of her. "Thank god you're here. I'm freaking out. I can't figure out this damn tie and its hot, is it hot in here to you? It's really hot and I-" Annabeth puts a hand over his mouth. He peels it back. "Jeez, you'd think you were the one getting married. Calm down." She says. "My mom's getting married. What if he turns out to be some psycho or something and we all get killed-" "He's an English teacher. He throws back fish when he catches them. I think you're fine." Percy sighs, but some of the tension leaves him. "I'm glad you came. You look great." He says, his face lighting up in a smile. She grins back, and reaches up to fix his tie. "There. All good. Now let's go find our seats. They sit together through the ceremony, and Percy tears up when his mom says 'I do'. And to be honest, Annabeth does too. Sally and Paul look so happy. Annabeth decides then, that she will only marry someone who makes her as happy as Paul makes Sally. She is suddenly reminded of a promise Percy made to her when they were kids, a promise to marry each other. It makes her stomach feel funny, so she directs her attention back to the ceremony. Afterwards, Percy and Annabeth hover near the snack table. They stuff Hors d'oeuvre into their mouths, and avoid the dancing situation that would TOTALLY turn awkward. They have a really good time. Annabeth feels like she has her best friend back. Not that things have really changed. They still have whipped cream fights and bicker over which movie to watch. But now Emily and her friends sit with them at lunch, and he spends some Friday nights hanging out with her instead of Annabeth. She pushes all of that out of her mind as they run around tying people's laces together and putting weird things in people's drinks. They end up outside, where there is a little garden. Annabeth finds her way to a bench, and plants herself on it, feet aching despite the flat shoes. Percy sits next to her, and they tip their heads back and look at the stars. When they were younger, and Annabeth spent the night, they would go lay out in Percy's backyard and watch the stars. Annabeth taught Percy the constellations, and they made their own It was like their own fortress of solitude, back under their stars. "It's weird