Hey everyone. This is my first fic for Percy Jackson and the Olympians. Though it is a 'Reading the Books' fic, the books being read aren't the actual Percy Jackson Books, but that of a story that I myself have created. The books in this fic will sort of follow the Percy Jackson plot-line, but things will be added and taken away depending on how things go. I figure the reason for other 'Reading the Books' fics being removed is because they break the copyright laws of the books that are used in the fics, even if the author states that they do not own the story at the start of the fic. By writing my fic this way, I am making it original. For those who are reading this and are waiting for me to update my other stories, all I have to say is this: I'M SORRY! I am trying my best to come up with ideas, but I am having slight problems. I am re-writing my Ghost Hunt fic, Spirit Child, and it is almost ready to be posted but I am having a little difficulty on figuring out how I want to finish it. I'm also re-writing my Harry Potter fic, which will probably be posted under a new title. As for my Vampire Knight fic, I have hit a road block and am trying to figure out what I need to write to make it flow smoothly but still make sense. I have re-posted this chapter because I have added another 500ish words and because I had noticed that the flow of the story wasn't as great as it could have been. I'm normally one who updates previous chapters as a post a new one, but I felt the need to fix this because it was really bugging me and because I just finished exams and I looked through the chapter to see how I should start the next one and noticed. Now onto the story. Poseidon stared blankly at the walls of the meeting chamber that was on Olympus, not caring about what his siblings and nieces and nephews discussed. It was the day of the winter solstice and Poseidon had finally given up caring what his family thought of him anymore, though he sometimes wondered if he would have a more peaceful life if he let himself Fade away and leave the rest of the Olympians and other gods pick up the gaps he left behind. Okay so he hadn't given up at this exact moment exactly, he had given up on his family caring about him a couple dozen hundred years ago. Fading as well had been something that he thought a lot about when he was in the presence of the rest of the Olympians. The only reason that he hadn't gone through with that thought was because he knew that he couldn't face himself if he left Amphitrite and Triton behind on their own. He closed his eyes and let out a deep yet quiet breath, careful to not turn the attention of the other gods on him. The last time that he had, they had managed to find a way to put the blame of everything on him. He also didn't want them bringing up past topics. Athena tended to enjoy continuously bringing up the entire debacle involving Medusa, never even bothering to get his side of the story. The fact that they blamed him for things that he couldn't have done, just made it that much worse. The silence that suddenly enveloped the room caused him to snap out of his thoughts and he looked at the others to see that their attention was on a spot near the entry way that was shimmering. Poseidon paled as he realized what the cause of the shimmering was and watched with renewed attention as the shape of a petite person started to take shape within the shimmering. He recoiled along with the others, when he saw that the person was covered in blood from head two toe and it was obvious that the shimmering was what was keeping her upright and stopping from falling over. He was pretty sure that he was the only one who saw the tares and cuts in the Greek styled toga that the girl was wearing, falling lower than one that was meant for a male giving it a female look but not as long as the dresses that most of the mortal females of the current time wore, and that in the same location of each cut was a wound that was either still bleeding or had almost stopped bleeding. He could even see parts of old yet still very recent wounds visible through the tares in the toga. As her form became more solid, Poseidon started to feel a form of attachment to the person, a parental attachment, who appeared to be a girl if the waist length hair that curled at the ends and was held up high by a sea green ribbon was anything to go by and it dawned on him that from what ever time in the future the girl was from that she was his daughter. The moment her form became fully solid she started to crumple in on her self. Poseidon, who had seen before what would happen when the shimmering stopped, was the quickest to react when she started to fall to the floor. He was by her side in an instant and had quickly wrapped his arms around her in support as he looked her over with worry, not caring if his toga got covered in blood. Family was far more important than clothes. He recoiled slightly in surprise when one of her hands came up to grip the fabric at his shoulder and he started to smell the salt of tears. 'Your alive! Your alive! Thank grandad your alive!' Hearing the voice that was most definitely female in his head made him pale. It wasn't the fact that he had heard a voice in his head that caused his reaction, as gods tended to communicate with each other telepathically from time to time, but the fact that the girl was happy that he was alive. He barely took notice of the fact that even though she was sobbing hysterically that not a sound was coming out of her. "Do you know this child Poseidon," he heard Zeus ask him, and a part of his mind that had yet to shut down due to the implication of her words couldn't help but wonder if he should tell his brother that the girl looked like she was about to hit her twenties and he was pretty sure that even in her time the age would be considered as that of an adults. Females in their current time period got married at fourteen at least, which was when they were considered to be adults, sometimes younger. Most gods tended to go for the females that were priestesses at their temples while the goddesses went normally for the unmarried males that lived in the cities and sometimes even the villages. Poseidon didn't understand the point of having anything other than a cautiously friendly relationship with the priestesses that lived in his temple, but to each their own. Poseidon turned to look at his brother and his mental state was too shut down to take note of the fact that that the other gods' eyes had widened at the look that was on his face. "No brother, but I can make a guess." When Zeus had spoken up, none of the gods had expected Poseidon to actually turn and face them. Poseidon had been known to avoid looking at anyone. So it scared them slightly when not only had he looked at them as he answered him, but that his face paler than Hades'. Even though they rarely showed it, the other gods did care about the god of the sea. The only issue was that they would sometimes forget that, just like them, the actions of others affected him just as much as it would them. By the time they thought back to their actions, Poseidon would be long gone and even if they had the mind to apologize when they next saw him, something would happen that would toss all thoughts of apologies out the proverbial window. Before anyone could ask him what was wrong, there was a flash of light and once it disappeared, it left behind a stack of books with a letter placed on top of them. They all shot one quick glance at Poseidon before they switched their attention to Athena who had gotten up. Athena made her way to the pile while Poseidon picked up the girl and moved back to the throne, cradling the girl on his lap with her head tucked into the crook of his neck. Athena picked up the letter first and read it out loud " Dear Olympians, These books have been sent to you to prevent the future from which the young girl who is in Poseidon's arms is from from actually coming to pass. The books, which have advanced far more than those of your current time, are to be read from the top most to the bottom and they cannot be read in any other order or outside of this room and all Olympians need to be present for the reading in order for any of the books to open. As the girl has been saved from basically the end of the world, she will not be sent back once the readings are over and there may even be a few more living creatures sent back as well. Do anything to hurt her and you will earn our wrath. Hope you have a great day, The Fates" Silence stretched as Athena finished reading the letter and everyone held incredulous looks as they looked towards the girl in Poseidon's arms who was still crying hysterically as Poseidon used his control over water to remove the blood from her person. "Well we might as well start," Demeter stated as she motioned for Athena to pick up the top most book, breaking the silence that they had descended into. Athena picked up the book and looked over the covers. "It has no title," she told them. Poseidon ignored her and continued with his task, but no one seemed to care as Apollo spoke next. "We'll just read it based off of the chapters. It's not the titles are very important in this case anyway, since they are future events." Athena nodded and went back to her throne, sitting down before opening the book up to the first page. "Chapter 1 A women, dressed in a long earthly green Greek styled dress, opened the door to the nursery that the woman who lived in the apartment had changed the second bedroom into." Poseidon paused in his task at the description of the woman. She sounded familiar, like he had seen her before, and his memory was trying to remind him of something, but it wasn't having much success. Deciding that his memory might become clearer if the reading continued, he didn't bother to interrupt as he went back to his task while he continued to pay attention to what was being said. The information of what an apartment was being filtered into his head, which meant that the Fates were making sure that the gods knew what was being talked about. He let out a sigh. At least it got rid of the potential confusion. "She had noticed the boxes that littered the apartment and knew that the woman had the intentions of moving into a larger one. She couldn't help but scoff as she thought of the lady. While the woman's heart was in the right place, her actions were not. She had seen the man that the woman was planning to marry in order to protect