The Violation of Hermione Granger Author's Note – Attention readers, HP fans and all round smut lovers. I'm not sure how many of you know, but there is a supposed sex tape of our beloved Miss Emma Watson floating around the Internet (which I believe to be legit), where our beautiful Hermione Granger is forced to have sex – for lack of a better word - with some loser in a clown mask. Again this is only a perception, it may be little more than a really good fake. But all I'm saying is that if it were real, then trust me, that would only make my respect and admiration for Emma Watson skyrocket even higher, which goodness sake it cannot get much higher until its in orbit lol. If Emma Watson wants to get a little kinky in the bedroom, and trust me I wish I knew if she did or did not, because if she did then I'd love to swap stories with her, then big up the girl and more power to her. As a girl who likes a bit of spice in the bedroom myself who am I to say Emma cannot enjoy a good round of ball? The only problem I have with the tape is that the guy in the videos sexual technique is so God damn crap (not because he is heavy set, believe me, I know some big men and women who have a great time in the sack). So I've decided to take to FanFiction and fulfil this sex tape's depiction of Emma Watson's supposed fantasy to a level that if she were to get a little kinky in the bedroom, I hope she would enjoy and cum so god damn hard. Again, this is not a slight on the real Emma Watson, this is merely me saying that if she does get a little but freaky in private, then I have no problem with that. Also I have no problem with the man's appearance or anything physical in this supposed sex tape, it's just, that in my humble opinion, the guy does not know how to fuck. So, sit back, relax, and let's get this coaster rolling. – Warning – Non-Consensual Sex Disclaimer This story focuses primarily on a sexual act of depravity many, including myself, consider to be a horrific and terrible crime to commit. I do not, in any way, justify, condone, or encourage any form or rape or violation, be inflicted towards a non-consenting woman or man. Rape is a horrendous crime, and this story is written for entertainment purposes only. If you have a rape 'fetish' and would like to indulge in that perfectly normal pastime, please speak to your spouse or partner and see if you can get a little kinky in a safe, and consenting, way. A person's body is their own temple of worship, and no man or woman deserves to have that temple violated. If you read beyond this disclaimer understand that you now do so at your own free will and at your own consent and curiosity. After which I relinquish any liability for any feelings or thoughts this story may induce or evoke. If you cannot handle the topics contained in this work of 'fiction', then please do not read on. You have been warned. Harry Potter wandered into the home he shared with his two lifelong friends reeking of Firewhiskey and seething with rage. Since when did a girl turn down the famous Harry Potter for a roll in the hay? He was spitting mad. Hermione and Ron had left earlier, leaving him with Astoria Greengrass as he tried to turn on the charm. He had consumed more and more sauce, his hands wandering all the more promiscuously until Astoria had begun to protest. What the hell was wrong with her? She had the chance of fucking the most famous wizard in the world. She should be fucking honoured he had even looked her way. Harry knew why he was so sexed up, and it most certainly was not because he had wanted to fuck Astoria Greengrass. That was unfortunately just the toxic waste that flowed from his otherwise corrupted desire for the woman he truly loved. Hermione had been giving him the eye all evening. Sucking on her fucking little straw, nibbling on her plush lower lip. Rage surged through Harry and he threw the glass of Firewhiskey he had just poured himself, viciously into the fireside where the glass shattered and the alcohol fanned the flames. Fucking cock tease! He didn't know if it was Hermione or Astoria he meant. He was so boozed up that really all he knew now was that he needed to feel a woman, any woman's legs wrapped around his waist. But only one woman would really be enough. And she was asleep upstairs in her bedroom. A dark corner of his mind slowly opened and Harry felt the wheels in that part begin to turn, unhinging from their foundations where they had been left to corrode from years of neglect. But slowly oil loosened the joints, his smile twisted, and the sheer courage of Firewhiskey made this otherwise disgusting prospect seem more and more like a justifiable response. He's need something. Something to protect himself, even if he was the Famous Harry Potter. It wasn't so much the law he feared, it was the prospect of losing the woman he loved. But he had wallowed in lust for so long now that her actions of the previous evening were just a single step too far. He didn't want to hurt her, did not wish any harm upon her at all. But right now, in this very moment, he needed release more than he needed any kind of friendship. Harry waved his hand in front of the air before him. It shimmered and writhed, before it formed a twisted, horrific looking clown mask. It was fitting really. She would not see her best friend this evening, but a side of him he had never shown before, and it would be this mask that would haunt her nightmares. Not the face of the man who truly loved her. Harry adorned the mask with an air of completion. A moment's hesitation tried to talk him out of this. But the sauce damped any reasoning, and Lust can corrupt even the purest of hearts. The mask moulded magically to his face, it would portray his expressions, she would see him, know how much he enjoyed the horrors he was about to inflict. But she would not know it was him. The clowned Harry ascended the staircase leading to the first floor of the house, where he heard Ron passed out and snoring in his room. All the better, Ron could sleep through an earthquake at the best of times. So, Hermione's pleas for mercy would not even pierce his dreams. The horrific mask smiled its black smile, Harry and Hermione's rooms practically side by side. Hermione had long cast noise reducing charms on her wall, he presumed to blot out the moans of his many conquests each and every night. Why the hell did that bother her so much? It wasn't like she ever went out and got fucked. Well… that was about to change tonight. Harry came to Hermione's doorway and waved his hand across the front of the doorknob. The Thief's Friend served him well. Did Hermione trust them so much that she didn't even think to safe guard her door? The Clown wicked expression softened at this strange and touching recollection, at this display of friendship and trust shown by the woman who existed beyond. But the darkness consumed Harry's goodness once more and the mask leered in triumph as together they stepped into Hermione's room. Hermione lay in quiet slumber upon her large, queen-sized bed. It was a beautiful thing, like a Goddesses dais. She wore a nightdress of virgin white, innocent, clean, and untainted. Her silken sheets were not around her, instead she lay on top of them, exhibiting herself like a maid offered in sacrifice, and the demon had come to claim his offering. Harry stood at the bottommost part of her bed, observing her beauty with the appreciation his love dictated. She was so pale in the moonlight of her room, pure, a vision. His loins stiffened down the inside of his trouser leg, and his hands reached for the buckle of his belt. "Harry…" Hermione breathed in her slumber, whispering his name in some scape of her own creation. Harry almost ripped the mask off there and then, wanting to come to her as himself, as the man who loved her so deeply. But maybe she was having a nightmare? Maybe he was hurting her in that dream as he was about to now? Harry did not know what she was dreaming, could not summon legilimens to truly understand the workings of her mind. All he knew right now was he was standing on a crest, a chasm, balancing on the edge of a blade and he teetered. He wobbled. "Please…" Hermione's words put an end to his hesitations and he fell from the edge into the abyss. "Hermione…?" Harry breathed, low, soft, and longingly. Speaking in his own voice, even if the mask could make her hear anything he wished. His hands worked the buckle of his suit pants, slipping them down to reveal shorts, not boxers, for his length was too big for even conventual underpants to contain. Harry slipped off the drape of his suit jacket, disrobing softly, wanting to enjoy the feelings of desire that were building do deeply within him. This was actually happening. Right here, right now, in just a few short moments, he was going to be fucking the woman he loved. Hermione's brow knitted in her dreams, almost as if she sensed the impending horrors she was about to endure. But her hero was there to save her, as he had so many times before, and as her Harry rescued her from the monster in her dreams, a real monster began to uncuff his shirt, before revealing himself to the slumbering form of the goddess on the bed. "Hermione…" Harry called to her. Long and lovingly, like the haunting melody of a sirens call. She smiled at his voice, the monster beginning to crawl across her body like an animal, his own serpent leaking venom in its prison as he sort to feel the sensation of her folds. "Wake up… my love…" Those words were as magical as a princes' kiss to a slumbering princess. Hermione moaned as she returned from the land of slumber, feeling herself return to her form, her arms stretched in tedium, her face sweet and contented, Harry was here… He had come to her. Hermione opened her eyes, and felt terror claim her soul. "Who are you?" Hermione gasped in fright. Harry lunged for her hand seizing her around the throat and crushing the air clean from it. Hermione choked, clawed at this vice that was killing her as she thrashed and kicked. Harry? Where was Harry? "Listen to me…!" Harry ordered, the voice of the clown a dark, drawling, crone. "You want to live don't you?" Hermione nodded in acknowledgment as best she could, fingernails drawing blood on his wrist as she sort to free herself from the clutches of this fiend. "Then listen to me… I'm going to fuck you. Understand? I'm going to fuck you and you're going to like it!" "No…! Please…" "Please what…?" Harry liked that. Please. It was a lovely word, a word which caused more blood to engorge his already massive dick. Hermione's face screwed with pain as his fingers dug into her neck. She surrendered, gestured for her freedom, pulled at the crushing grip of this monster as she sort to speak. Harry softened his grip slightly and Hermione gasped as her throat was liberated even