A/N: This was written for the February jily challenge on tumblr. My prompt was 'so you're the rebel knight who has decided to conquer my land and oh shit with your helmet off you're actually pretty hot' au. I had a lot of fun writing this so I hope you guys enjoy reading it. Review! The clash of swords greeted Lily's ears as she pulled on her armor. They were under attack. This city hadn't been attacked in over a thousand years, and some idiots had decided to attack when Lily was having a bad day. No matter. They would be deposed of quickly, and Lily's life would return to normal. Quickly, she marched down the stairs of the keep and ran straight into Marlene and Dorcas. "What are you two doing here?" Lily demanded to know. They had left before she had to join the fray in the courtyard. "We're being overwhelmed," Marlene explained. "There's too many." Lily snorted. "We'll figure something out. Now, let's get back down there and fight." The other girls nodded, and Lily stepped in front of them, grabbed her helmet, and left the safety of the Keep. Unfortunately, Marlene was right. They were vastly outnumbered. Lily didn't know if she'd ever seen an army this size before. No matter, they'd still defeat them. No one marched on this city and lived to tell the tale. Drawling her sword from its sheath, she marched into the crowd of those fighting, dying, and fleeing. She came in contact with an enemy sword for a few moments before she delivered a death blow. These idiots had no idea how to guard themselves properly. Scanning the crowds, she searched for their leader. If she could take him out, then they'd stand a better chance at winning. Lily always found that quickest way to defeat your enemy was to break his spirit. Just as she spotted the man fighting in the middle—the one who was no doubt their leader—a long blast sounded from the horns that signaled to Lily that she needed to put her sword away. She did so immediately. Looking around, she spotted McGonagall striding out of the castle and into the courtyard. Everyone went silent, no one daring to move at the sight of the old women walking through the courtyard. She made her way up to the man sitting atop his horse. Lily watched quietly. Her leader spoke to the man softly and she couldn't hear a thing they were saying, even if the courtyard was dead silent. Finally, McGonagall turned around. "We will surrender," the women announced. "Anyone who lifts sword against these men will find themselves in the dungeons." Lily nearly dropped her sword. What was happening? Just then she heard a whoop. Turning her head, she saw the knight she had been heading for pulling off his helmet. Why did the bastard have to be cute? Lily stomped into McGonagall's office. She knew she was acting like a child, but she couldn't bring herself to care. They'd just given themselves over to the enemy and she was just supposed to go along with that? Hell no. "Lily," McGonagall greeted her. "I see you're a bit put out." Lily snorted. "That's putting it lightly." A glare sliced through her. "It had to be done, Lily. We were outnumbered. It was either surrender or die." "Then we should have gone down swinging," she hissed, leaning forward in her chair. "Instead, we're stuck with a life of servitude to them ." A gleaming darkness appeared in the older women's eyes. "Oh, if you think we're going to serve them blindly, my dear, you're mistaken. In fact, I already have a plan laid out. Tomorrow, you're going to begin guarding the prince and by doing so you'll set this plan in motion." "Go on," Lily said, a gleam in her eye. The new prince was the most yappy person she'd ever meant. He kept asking her questions, which she chose not to answer. If he heard her speak, he'd find out she was a girl; it would probably blow his piney little mind. Still, she hated to note that he had a nice voice. "You know, it's kinda of hard to carry on a conversation by ones self," he commented. Lily snorted. He seemed to be doing a fine job. "Aha!" he exclaimed, jostling his glasses as he pointed at her. "I finally got a reaction out of you!" Lily rolled her eyes. Then she realized a smile was sliding over her lips. Horror flung itself upon her. She would not like this boy. She refused to. So no matter what he said, for the rest of the day, Lily kept quiet and made sure nothing slipped onto her lips. Lily was guarding the new prince as they received the nobles, who had decided to come and pay a visit to the new king, when she got the shock of her life. "Lady Petunia of Cokesworth." Lily's back went ramrod straight when she heard the name. The doors opened and her sister stepped inside the palace, blonde hair curled atop her head. The last time she had seen her sister, Lily had been in tears, and Petunia hadn't been a lady. No, their mother had won Petunia that title after Lily had left. She'd married the Lord of Cokesworth, it seemed. Her sister was merely a girl when Lily left to join the Lionhearts, now though, she was a full grown women. Petunia would probably laugh at where she was now. She always thought that Lily was too much of a tomboy anyway. Unfortunately for Lily, she let her mind wander to a place it shouldn't. Lily grinned as she ran through the wheat fields. Her sister was far behind her—so far that Lily wouldn't have to worry about Petunia catching her. Her sister wasn't the most athletic person in the world. Giggling, Lily ran faster as her sister yelled for to slow down. When she reached the end of the field, Lily quickly made her way behind a tree. Once she saw that her sister was still far away, she began to climb. Another giggle slipped out of her as Petunia looked for her, but could not find her. That was when Lily heard the pounding of hooves. A horse came into view and her sister screamed. The man on the horse slowed as he spotted Petunia, who was frozen in her place. The man stopped under Lily's tree. " What are you doing here, little girl?" he asked. Petunia's only reply was a sob. Cracked, yellow teeth made their appearance as the man grinned. Lily hated him for looking at her sister like that. Before she could think about it, she dropped from her tree and onto the man's back. Immediately, his horse spooked and bolted, throwing Lily and the man from its back. A jolt went through Lily's body when she landed and she tasted blood in her mouth. Another scream sounded. Blinking rapidly, she sat up and saw that her sister had yet again screamed. However, it wasn't because of the man. A warrior in chainmail and a helmet stood over the man. A sword pointed down at his throat, and he was trembling. A grin slid over Lily's face. The warrior nodded to the man's horse, and in a flash, he was up and stumbling toward it. A carriage stood behind them with an elegant old women taking in the scene. Suddenly, Lily was ashamed of her dirty clothes. Surely this women thought she was some kind of homeless person. Lily's attention was drawn away from the lady to the warrior again. The helmet was gone and a women stood before them. Petunia's eyes were bugging out of her head in disbelief. The women grinned down at Lily. " Did you get that idea all by yourself or did someone teach you to jump on horses like that?" she asked Lily. Lily's chest puffed out. "I thought of it myself." A laugh fell from the warrior's mouth. "Get in the carriage and we'll give you a ride home." That night, Lily couldn't stop thinking about the woman who had saved them. She'd never seen a woman who was a warrior before. Petunia said that it was unladylike for woman to handle a sword; she had even turned her nose up at the beautiful warrior. Lily raced up to the room she shared with Petunia and climbed into bed. " Do you think I could be like her one day, Tunny?" she asked, sliding under the covers. "Why would you want to be like her?" Petunia replied. " Because she's brave, and she probably goes on so many adventures!" Lily exclaimed. Petunia snorted. "You can still go on adventures, Lily. You just don't have to put yourself in harm's way." " Where's the fun in that?" she retorted. Petunia laughed. "Go to sleep Lily." Lily awoke the next day to the sound of voices. She looked over to her sister's bed, but Petunia was nowhere to be found. Just as Lily was climbing out of bed, the door opened and her mother appeared in the doorway. A small smile was on her face, but it wasn't the kind she normally gave her daughters. " Come along, Lily," her mother said softly. Lily hopped out of bed and skipped down the stairs. When she entered the kitchen, she found the warrior and the lady from the day before. " Hello," the warrior greeted her. "I don't believe we were properly introduced yesterday. I'm Alice. And this is the Overseer, Minerva McGonagall." The older women nodded to her. "And you're Lily, aren't you?" Lily could only nod. Alice grinned at her. "What you did yesterday was very brave. Especially for so young a girl. And we've got a proposition for you, if you would like to hear it." " Yes, I would, please," Lily whispered in response. " Have you ever heard of the Lionhearts?" Alice asked. When Lily nodded her head, she continued. "I thought so. What you probably didn't know is that it's a band of women who protect and lead our country. We find girls just like you, Lily—girls who are brave, smart, and strong—and teach them them how to fight and how to lead. I think you've got the brave part down. I've also discussed it with the Overseer and she thinks that you would make a fine addition. So what do you say? Do you want to be a Lionheart?" " Oh, yes!" Lily shouted as she jumped up and down. Alice smiled. "Good. But, Lily, you must remember to never tell anyone who is a Lionheart or that the group is full of women. Men don't take well to the thought." Lily giggled. "Alright." Lily was to leave with the Lionhearts that evening. Before she left, she went in search of her sister. Finally, she located her under a tree in the field. " There you are!" Lily exclaimed as she sat down next to her sister. "Did you hear? I'm going to be a Lionheart!" Petunia didn't respond. " Tunny, isn't it amazing?" she pushed. "I'm going to save the world and help other people and-" " Don't you get it? She sold you!" Petunia burst out. "Mum sold you because you aren't good for anything! You weren't going to help us bring in money and those people wanted you, so she sold you! Honestly, did you really believe that you were special?" " You're lying," Lily whispered. " No. I'm not." With that, Petunia stood up and marched toward their house. Lily could only watch her as she slammed the door closed. For a moment, she just sat there in shock. Then the tears began to fall. How could her mother do this it to her? How could she sell her? Ashamed, Lily buried her face in her knees. The sound of armor meant her ears