A/N: So this was written for the jily secret santa on tumblr. I have just now got around to posting it, but I hope you like it. Lily will never forget the day she was almost hit by a car. It was the day that changed her life forever. She remembers exactly what she was wearing. (Black leggings, her combat boots, a black skirt with six gold buttons down the front of it, a red sweater, a heavy brown coat, a black scarf, and a red beanie topped off with her beige shoulder bag.) She remembers exactly where she was standing when she noticed the car. (In the middle of the street while the snow rained down around her.) And she most definitely remembers who was driving the car. "I am so sorry," the man apologizes for the hundredth time, as his car idles behind them. "I didn't even see you there and you must think I'm horrible driver, but really I'm not. Oh, you're probably going to sue me, too, which is a shame because you're rather pretty-" Lily can't help it. She lets out a giggle. "I'm not going to sue you. Now if you had made me spill my sugar cookies, we might have had a problem." The man smiles—really smiles—and Lily looses her breath. He is beautiful when he does that because when he smiles, he smiles with his whole face. His hazel eyes light up, allowing her to see all of the swirling greens, golds, and browns that lay in those pools. His mouth crinkles with laugh lines that make him look young instead of old—like he has laughed a lot in his short lifetime. His brows unfurrow as concern lifts itself from his brow. Yes, he is most beautiful. "I'm sorry," he says again, but this time lightheartedly. "I was rushing to get to my best friend's Christmas party." "Me too," Lily replies with a smile. Then a thought occurs to her. "You wouldn't happen to be James, would you?" He smile grows even bigger. "Why, yes, yes I am. Do I know you?" She shakes her head. "No, but I know Sirius. He's dating my best friend, Marlene, though you wouldn't know it from the way he goes on about you. You'd think you were the love of his life." James throws back his head and laughs, causing Lily to join in with him. "Well, he's certainly not the love of my life," James tells her. "We are good friends though—more like brothers actually. If you wait here, I'll park my car and then I'll walk you up." "Only if you promise not to run me over while I wait," she jokes. James just smiles at her before returning to his car and parking it. Then he's back at her side and Lily can't help, but smile. He holds the door to the apartment building for her as the grin on his lips widens. In the elevator, he tells her about how he and Sirius meant Marlene. It's very different from her version. A ding singles their arrival on Marlene and Sirius' floor. "After you," James says as he once again opening the door for her. Such a gentleman, she thinks. Once she steps through the door, Marlene spots her immediately. Her blonde friend rushes over and almost squeezes the life out of her. "Lils, I thought you couldn't make it," Marlene says as she finally allows Lily to breath. "Change of plans," she explains as Marlene takes her sugar cookies. "I see you've met James." Marlene glances back at the tall man who is taking his coat off. "You say that like it's a bad thing, Mars," James retorts. "Maybe that's because it is," she teases. "Sirius said to tell you as soon as you got in that you're needed. I don't know what for, but as long as you don't break anything this time, I don't really care." James winces then disappears to find his best mate. "What do you think of him?" Marlene asks once James is out of earshot. Lily shrugs. "I'm not sure yet. I just met him." "I think you'll like him." "Here you are, love," Marlene says with a smile as she hands Sirius a drink. "Thanks," he replies, his arm wrapping around her waist and holding her snugly against him. "What's this for? Did you wreck my bike or something?" "I can't do something nice for you just for the sake of doing something nice for you?" Marlene glares at him. "No, you can't. Sorry," he says, not sounding at all apologetic. "What do you want?" Marlene glares at him a few seconds longer before finally giving in. "Did you see Lily and James come in together?" Sirius shakes his head. "No, but James told me he almost hit her with his car." "Not the point," Marlene continues. "Point is: wouldn't they be cute together?" "Lily and. . . .James?" Sirius questions. "No, Lily and the mailman," she snarks. "Yes, Lily and James." "Doesn't she always say she's too busy with work to have a boyfriend?" he reminds her. "Well, yeah," she scoffs. "But James would be good for her." "And Lily?" he asks with a smirk. "Does she think James will be good for her, too?" "She will." "Remind me why you're telling me this again." "Because in the event that something horribly tragic happens to me, someone has to make sure those two get together." "Ok, Marls, whatever." "Marlene, pick up the phone, dammit," Lily curses under her breath. As she was coming home from work, her car, which had lasted her a good five years, decided to break down—just stopped working right in the middle of the road. Luckily, she was able to get it to the shoulder of the road so her wasn't just sitting in the middle of the road for some person to ram into. She had already called the tow trunk, but really didn't want to take all night getting home. So that's why she decided to call Marlene. Of course, knowing Marlene, she probably wouldn't look at her phone for the next hour. Sighing, Lily pulls up iMessage and texts her a message about where she is and that she needs her fucking best friend to come and get her. Not five minutes later she gets a call, but not from Marlene—from Sirius. "Sirius, where's Marlene?" Lily asks as soon as her phone connects. "She's at work, love," Sirius explains. "Don't get your knickers in a twist. James is coming to pick you up." "What?!" Lily exclaims. "James as in your best friend James? Sirius, I only just met him! Did he tell you he almost hit me with his car?! I'm not getting into one with him! Why can't you come and get me?" "Well, I guess-ouch! I mean, I'm busy. . .with work." Annoyance seeps through Sirius' voice, but Lily knows it's not directed at her. It's directed at whatever poor soul is there with him. "Are you cheating on Marlene?" Lily asks. "What?!" Sirius squawks. "No!" "Well, it doesn't sound like you're at work," Lily comments. "I am and I assure you there is not another girl near me." "What about a guy?" "Ah, Evans, you know I don't swing that way." "Whatever," she mutters. "If I die, it's your fault." With that, she hangs up her phone and waits from James. It's not that she doesn't like him; it's just that she doesn't know him. And what kind of person picks up someone they don't even know? That is a question Lily has no answer for. Finally his car pulls onto the shoulder of the road. "Hey there, stranger," he greets her as he climbs out of his car. "Hello," she replies, tucking a piece of hair behind her ear. "I'm sorry Marlene and Sirius roped you into this. I wouldn't just called someone else if I had known they were busy." "Nonsense," James waves her off. "It's no trouble. What's wrong with your car?" Lily sighs. "I don't know. It's got to be something serious because I've checked all the minor stuff and there doesn't seem to be anything wrong there." "You know about cars?" he asks, surprise filling his voice. "Well, I'm not a complete idiot," she laughs. "Are you sure?" he asks, not knowing whether to believe her or not. "I'm positive," she answers. "The tow truck will be here to pick it up soon enough and I'll have it fixed then." James shrugs. "If you say so. Hop in and I'll take you home." "Do you need my address?" she inquires as she opens the door to his car. "Nah, Sirius texted it to me." Surprise rings through Lily's blood. Of course, Sirius had told her that James was going to get her, but she hadn't realized he'd been so free with her information. Quickly, she shakes the feeling off. It's just an address and James certainly isn't a stalker. (She hopes.) "You hot or cold?" he asks once he's behind the wheel. "I'm good actually," she answers. "How'd your car break down?" he inquires as they pull onto the road. "I'm not sure," Lily explains. "It just gave out on me. Like I said, I'm not sure why, but it did. I swear a I checked everything twice, but I couldn't find anything wrong with it." James nods. "How do you know so much about cars anyway?" "Oh, well, my dad was a machine," Lily explains. "He taught me and my sister everything we needed to know in case something happened to our cars, and the repair man couldn't try to cheat us out of our money." "Your dad sounds like a smart man," he replies. "He was," she mutters. "Was?" "Yeah, he died about two years ago from lung cancer." Sympathy fills James' face as he makes a turn into town. "I'm really sorry, Lils," he mutters. "That must have been really hard for you." Lily nods, trying not to choke up. "It was. He was like my light, you know? My guide. Then he was just gone. And I remember the night before. It was the last time I saw him. I thought he was starting to get better, but the next morning, he had passed away. I'm sorry. You probably don't want to hear all that." What is she thinking? Spilling all her secrets to a man who is practically a stranger? However, as Lily glances over at him, she can easily see him becoming a friend one day. He's kind, understanding, and funny. Plus, Marlene says that he's a great guy. If Marlene approves, then Lily knows she shouldn't question her. "No, it's alright," James assures her as he pulls into a parking space in front of her flat. "I don't mind. Besides, you're Marlene's best friend. If I wasn't good to you, she'd kick my arse." Lily laughs. "Thank you for driving me." James nods before she gets out of the car. With a smile, she starts up the steps to her flat. Right before she's about to push the door open, James calls her name. She turns around to find he's already gotten out of his car and is standing a few steps below, his bottom lip between his teeth. Lily thinks it might be the cutest thing she's ever seen. "Look, Lily, I. . .I don't know you well, but I'd like to," James tells her, running a hand through his messy hair. "Would you go out with me?" Her face falls as he finishes the question. "Oh, James. I. . .I can't. My career is just starting to go somewhere and I really don't have time for a boyfriend." "Oh, right, of course," he mutters. "I'm sorry. If I had known, I wouldn't have asked." He continues to apologize as he backs down the steps. Immediately, Lily knows this is a bad idea. Sure enough, as he goes to step