Hello my Lovelies! I hope you enjoy this new story and I will be updating Memories once I get it back from my Beta! This has not been Beta'd yet so any errors you can let me know and I will fix them! I love you guys! As always I only own my imagination and Tom Felton (In my beautiful dreams) The Accident He sat in the rocker closest to the fireplace and watched as the flames kissed the air, he twisted the ring on his ring finger in circles as he thought about her. As he raised his hand a pensive appeared in front of him sparkling in the light of the fire. Draco looked down as he sighed deeply, a shot of pain rising in his chest as he was pulled into a memory. When he saw her face he felt tears at the corner of his eyes. November 23rd, 2000 Draco sat at a small table in the corner of the three broomsticks as he waited for Hermione to walk over to his table. As she walked over in her lilac dress that was clearly tailored to fit her perfect, his jaw dropped and he stood up pulling her chair out for her. As he pushed the chair back in, he kissed her cheek and smiled at her. " You look beautiful Hermione," He watched as she blushed and tucked a curl behind her ear smiling. " You don't look too bad yourself Draco, I missed you this morning." Hermione reached her hand over and placed it on top of his gently. Her thumb hooked around his and massaged the side of his hand. Draco chuckled softly, "I told you I had the meeting today at Gringotts about the Malfoy family vaults. You now can access them without any problems." He flashed a smile and gestured towards the butterbeer in front of her. "I ordered a drink for you Love, they should be here soon to take your order." As Hermione placed her hand on her glass, her ring tapped on it loudly making her grin. "I am still getting used to having such a beautiful ring on my finger." She stared at her engagement ring and smiled, "Are you sure you want to marry me?' " I have told you this every day my love, I wanted to marry you 5 months ago." Draco smiled sweetly and leant over the table kissed her gently on the lips. " I just can't believe it's been a year and a half since we started dating, I still owe Harry a thank you for that." Hermione grinned and moved her hand so she could take a drink and grab a biscuit that was on the table. " He said he would be back next week, I already planned on taking him out with Ron to have a drink. Blaise and Theo are meeting us there, someone has to be sober and you know Theo can't drink." He laughed to himself before ordering food and reaching for her hand again. Hermione rolled her eyes knowing he would be coming home pissed drunk and wanting to shag her senseless. "I have Ginny and Pansy coming over that night, Luna said her and Cho would be late." Draco smirked amused, "Blaise told me he and Ginny were thinking of naming the baby Fred, I told him that was a good name. You know I always admired those twins, no-one else could pull a prank like them." Tears filled Hermione's eyes, "That is so sweet of them, Fred was such a nice person. Did Pansy tell you Harry asked her to marry him last week? She was so excited to tell me." As the food arrived, they ate in silence just enjoying each other's company. Draco looked up at her and smiled to himself, how did I get so lucky to go on a blind date with her. He really needed to thank Harry because he had never been so happy in his life. He lifted his head out of the pensive and wiped a tear from the corner of his eye, if only she was here then he could be as happy again. As the pitter patter of feet hit his ears a small smile formed on his face and he made the pensive disappear. "Daddy I am hungry and Mixie told me I was not allowed to have any sweets." A little girl with blonde hair and big brown eyes pouted at him as he chuckled. He picked up the little girl and put her on his hip before kissing her forehead. "Lyra you know you are not allowed to have any sweets before dinner. Mixie is only following the rules so don't be mad at her." He patted the little girl on the head and put her back on her feet. "Let's go get some dinner if you are so hungry, where is your brother?" Lyra smirked before shrugging her shoulder, "He was being mean to me so I made him stick to a wall." She walked away towards the kitchen whistling as she went. Draco had to just shake his head and grin, "Definitely going to be a Slytherin that one." He walked towards Scorpius's room and laughed when he saw his son whining and indeed stuck on the wall. "What have I told you about being mean to Lyra? She has your mum's personality and will attack." He sighed sadly before pulling his wand out and unsticking Scorpius. "Let's go eat." "Well she wouldn't leave my room father, she insisted on taking my scarf and putting it on." Scorpius ran a hand through his now sticky hair and grumbled under his breath, "Favouritism" "Scorp I love you both the same, she is taking this harder than any of us. I heard her crying in her sleep again and calling for mum." Draco copied his son's earlier movement and ran a hand through his hair. Scorpius looked down and sighed, "I know she is, she pretends nothing happened and looks sad when you mention mum." He had heard her crying and the nightmares she had frequently. His sister meant the world to him and he just wanted her to get better. They walked down to the dining hall and sat down as a family to eat. As they ate dinner there was always one empty chair at the table that no-one was allowed to sit in. If anyone tried to sit in it Draco would yell at them and leave the room. As dinner came to an end, Draco took Lyra to her room and helped her change into her night clothes before tucking her in. Lyra smiled up at him and wrapped her small arms around her neck, "I love you, daddy, please read me that story that mummy used to read me." She snuggled into him and closed her eyes. Draco laid her on her bed and covered her over as she fell asleep. He walked out of the room after kissing her forehead and saying goodnight. Every night it was the same routine, just as she had done. This made it easier for Lyra to cope wth everything and not cry as much. He did not like seeing his children upset but there was little he could do about it. Scorpius saw his father sitting in the sitting room and crying, he walked over and sat next to him. "Father you do this to yourself every night. You know Lyra will be okay but I am worried you are not, you still have us." "Scorp it is just really hard for me to stay strong this week, I have to for Lyra and it's killing me." Draco hugged his son and knew he was right. "Father I am leaving to go back tomorrow, I was only allowed to visit because of what day it is." He smiled sadly at Draco, "Don't start drinking when I leave tomorrow or I will send Uncle Blaise over here to kick your bum." Draco chuckled feeling better, "I won't Scorpius, I am planning on going on a vacation with Lyra while you are back at Hogwarts." He patted his son on the back, "How did I get such a good son? Your 12th birthday is in 8 days, what did you want me to send you?" "Well I was raised by you and mum, you know how she is with manners." He was happy to see his father chuckle at that. "I want that new broom I saw over the summer, the newest model looks way better than the one I have." Draco looked proud of his son and smirked, "Of course, only the best for a Malfoy. Now off to bed you go, we have to get to the platform early tomorrow. I will be okay Scorpius, now go get your stuff together and sleep." He kissed his son on the forehead and smiled, "Love you Scorp." Scorpius shook his head amused, "Yeah let's see if I have to make sure you don't make me late, you always stay up late these days." He bid his father goodnight as he went to his room and went to bed. The next morning Scorpius woke up and went downstairs to see his father asleep on the couch. He noticed he was holding a picture of their wedding and frowned worriedly. As he removed the photo from his hands, he noticed the sad look on his father's face. "Father it's time to head over to the platform to meet with Uncle Harry." Draco felt himself being shaken awake and noticed he was sleeping on the couch. "I didn't realise I fell asleep here, the last thing I remember was laying down and watching the fireplace." He stood up slowly and stretched. "I'm ready to go already, I'll get Mixie to make up some breakfast before we leave." Scorpius smiled and headed to the kitchen. Draco chuckled as he headed up to Lyra's room to wake her up and get her dressed. He looked in her room and smiled when he saw she was sitting on her bed already dressed. "I see someone woke up early and is ready to go. Did you sleep well my sweet?" Lyra jumped off her bed and twirled around in her green dress and put her shoes on, "Do I look pretty daddy? I picked out this by myself, Mixie told me it was beautiful." "You are the most beautiful Lyra in the whole world, I think you did perfectly." Draco picked her up and gave her a hug. "Scorpius is having Mixie make us breakfast, let's go eat." He laughed as she skipped down the hall ahead of him. On the way to the dining hall, he stopped in his room and changed his clothes before joining his children. After two hours they headed to the platform and met Harry, he had a smile on his face and laughed when Lyra ran to him and jumped in his arms. "How is my favourite Niece doing? I heard a secret that Aunt Pansy had a surprise for you later today." Harry grinned when Lyra squealed with excitement. "What kind of surprise? Daddy said I was the most beautiful Lyra in the world." Lyra smirked and threw her arms around Harry's neck making him chuckle. He tapped her on the nose and smirked, a habit he picked up from Pansy, "That is between you and Aunt Pansy, now as much as I love Lyra hugs I have to take your brother back to school." He put her down on the ground and walked over to Draco. Lyra glared at Harry and stuck her nose up annoyed that he wouldn't tell. "I don't like surprises Uncle Harry." Draco and Harry looked at each other before laughing, "If she isn't a Malfoy, then I don't know who is. At least one of your children has Hermione's personality." Harry smirked and