Hello people! I decided it was time to start on a new Harry Potter story. This takes place in 1998 after the battle of Hogwarts. I thought it would be interesting to see how the last year would turn out for Hermione, Luna and Ginny. Especially since Voldemort is dead and the Death Eaters possibly in prison. This chapter takes place at the end of October. Please let me know what you think in a review or PM! Through the seasons - All Hallows Eve. 'RIIIING!'. The sound of an alarm bell rang through the Ravenclaw dormitory room. A slim hand fumbled with the copper-coloured clock and made the noise stop. 'Mmmh. Better get up' thought the female as she rubbed her eyes. She got out of her bed and put on her clothes for the day. It consisted of a pair of stripy charcoal gray tights, a burgundy red A-line skirt that ended just above her knee, a plain white T-shirt plus a knitted sweater that was deep forest green. Luna then picked up her hair brush. This Saturday was quite special. It was a Hogwarts weekend and Halloween. She had decided to get up early so she could finish her transfiguration paper with Hermione. After that, the two girls would meet up with Ginny at the Three Broomsticks. A smile formed at her face. The young woman had seen a healer once a week from June to early October to recover from her four-month confinement at the Malfoy manor. It had been a great relief for the young witch since it had been far from a pleasant experience. The Malfoys had agreed to pay the healer sessions for Luna and Ollivander after Harry had spoken with them. Coming back to Hogwarts had felt better than what the Ravenclaw student had initially thought it would be. Most of the castle had been restored thanks to an army of immensely powerful wizards plus a lot of help from the Ministry. Only the two top floors at the south wing were still under construction. Seeing her friends plus her Ravenclaw classmates gave her an additional sense of comfort since they had been through similar experiences. Madam Pomfrey had arranged six sessions with a Danish wizard psychologist after school had started in September to make it easier for the students. The psychologist used a combination of group therapy, writing down your feelings in a diary plus painting during his sessions. It was spot-on for a creative person like the female, who loved painting. A side effect of this was that her bedroom back at home were filled with paintings she had made during the holidays. In addition to this were the two huge drawing books that laid under her dormitory bed. 'Maybe I should make a collage or something of them' pondered Luna as she entered the bathroom. The Ravenclaw bathroom was painted deep cerulean blue while the floor was in a deep shade of bronze. All the toilets were at the left while a row of sinks stood at the right. Under each sink was a small cupboard where the girls could store their necessities. At the opposite end of the room were the showers plus two bath tubs. There was nobody in there since it was early Saturday morning. The young woman went to her cupboard that was locked with a magic lock. She tapped it with her wand and the door sprang open. The teenager removed a bar of magical soap plus a jar of magical salve that she used at her face. She started cleaning her face with the bright orange soap first. It was made of magical herbs that were supposedly good to the skin. Afterwards, the female put on the lemon yellow salve that smelled faintly like dittany. 'Hm. I think I'll go with a knot today. I got a busy day after all' decided Luna after checking her hair. She brushed out her hair and picked up the stripy scrunchie that laid in her cupboard. The female had to cut off ten inches of her hair after staying at the Malfoy manor. It now reached about four inches below her shoulders, which was fine with her. Her shorter hair was easier to take care of plus that it needed less products. She then went down to the Great Hall for some breakfast. The hallways were completely empty, save for the paintings. "Good morning my lady" greeted a knight at a nearby photo. "Good morning sir" replied the Ravenclaw before she gave him a small curtsy. He gave her a nod in reply. She walked down the first staircase while holding tight onto the rail. A major disadvantage of living in the Ravenclaw tower was the number of staircases she had to climb up or down to get from A to B. The fact that they moved did not made it any more fun for the Ravenclaw students. The Slytherins as well as the Hufflepuffs had it a lot easier – their dormitories were either in the dungeon or next to the kitchen. It took about ten minutes for the young woman to reach the Great Hall. A familiar smell of fried bacon, boiled eggs mixed with toast made her nose tingle. There were barely any people sitting at the different tables. She smiled when she saw the Quidditch team for Ravenclaw leaving their table. They had lost the previous game against Hufflepuff and did NOT wanted to lose against Slytherin unless something out of their control happened. She picked up two slices of toast, a cooked tomato, two mushrooms plus some scrambled eggs. The teenager then poured herself a cup of tea as she sat down to eat. She was not in a hurry by any means; she was going to meet Hermione in half an hour. A smile formed at her face when she a copy of the Quibbler laying at the table. The magazine had become more popular after the war since it had been one of the few media outlets that were not censored by Voldemort. She picked up the copy and started to read it while eating her toast. 'A link has been found between the Scandinavia trolls after measuring their frames. It appears as if – Holy Merlin! I'm going to be late!' realized the female when she looked at the watch in the Great Hall. She drank the last bit of her tea before she grabbed her schoolbag. The blonde then jogged up to the library where her friend was waiting for her. She managed to get to the library on time and found the other female sitting next to a statue. "Hello Hermione. I hope I'm not too late" whispered the young woman as she sat down at the opposite end of the table. "No, you're just on time actually. What do you need help with Luna?" inquired Hermione. "I need a bit of help with the paper on human transfiguration. I have managed to finish the portion about hair colour, but not the one concerning skin colour. All I know is that more than 10% of the skin must be visible plus the possibility of wearing the skin down. But I don't know how to move on from there" informed Luna while she opened her book bag. She laid her paper and writing utensils at the paper. They had been given a paper where they had to describe how to change the pigmentation on humans. It had to contain detailed information on how to make this possible plus what the side effects could be. "You got a good start here Luna. I think you should look at the portion concerning pigment first. Then, write the dangers about making the skin red or splotchy skin tone. Pretty sure you'll find some more information in the transfiguration book as well as this one" told the young woman. She then laid a book called 'How to disguise oneself using colours and costumes" written by a French wizard named Thomas Leroy. "Thank you Hermione. Are Gryffindor practicing for the next Quidditch match?" inquired Luna as she opened up her transfiguration book. "You bet they are. They don't want to lose against Hufflepuff" replied the brunette with a wry smile at her face. Their team would not be the same without their star seeker or the 'Weasley king'. Harry was a trainee at the auror department and would sit his exams in December. Ron however were helping out George at 'Weasley's Wizarding Wheezes'. The duo had promised to coming to Hogwarts next week for lessons with McGonagall. "I think it'll be an interesting Quidditch match. Both of our teams have a lot of good players this year" stated the young woman as she adjusted her red striped tie. "Mhm" agreed the younger female as she opened the book her friend had given her. She soon found a chapter that had some information she needed. The blonde then checked her transfiguration book for some more in-depth information. Spending so much time with Hermione had taught her to be a bit more analytical in her schoolwork. This had improved her grades, especially in transfiguration as well as D.A.D.A. Both students remained silent as they finished up their papers. The older woman finished first, but started working at another one while waiting for her friend. She had managed to write down quite a bit given that they had only been here for 45 minutes or so. "Could you please look at this Hermione?" inquired the Ravenclaw after she had completed her last paragraph. "Sure" replied the witch as she leaned over to check the paper. Her cool brown eyes scanned the paper with high speed, checking for anything that was wrong or not fitting in. "You misspelled the name of that charm twice in that paragraph. I think you should put a full stop in the middle as well – that sentence is really long. But I can't see anything you've missed concerning the colour change" informed the female. "I see. Thank you Hermione" said the witch with a grateful smile at her face. After she had corrected her mistakes, the duo went off to meet Ginny for their Hogsmeade trip. They went straight to the fountain where they had agreed to meet up with the female. It was not hard to spot her. The Weasley witch was wearing a beige jacket, a pair of black jeans plus her trusty brown leather boots. Her light auburn hair had been tied up in a high ponytail to show off her face. "Hello Ginny! How are you?" greeted Luna as they approached her. A bright smile lit up her friend's face as they approached her. "I'm really good, thanks for asking! I finished the Quidditch practice twenty minutes ago. It went quite well – I'm really looking forward to our match against Hufflepuff. I'm going to play seeker this year" informed the female. The excited look in her hazel eyes matched the tone of her voice. The sky was surprisingly clear, but a cold breeze was blowing. It would probably get warmer since it was only 10:20 AM. "What shop should we visit first? We better take advantage of the time" told Hermione as they started to walk towards Hogsmeade. "Maybe we should go to Honeydukes first. I heard they had a sale on the classic sweets. I know Harry and Ron would love to get some of those" suggested the Quidditch player as they walked down the road to Hogsmeade. "I think that's a great idea Ginny. Remind me that I need to stop at the clothing shop too. Some of the nargles ran away with two of my T-shirts" replied the female while she re-tied her fair locks. Her older friend noticed the small urge to roll her eyes, but she easily resisted it. The journey she had been on with her friends last year had taught her that the magical world did not always