For Whom the Bell Tolls By WazupRose Dean Thomas: Forged in Flames Disclaimer- I do not own Harry Potter, nor do I make any profit from writing this story. JK Rowling owns all, she's just nice enough to let me play in her sandbox. AN: I've been reading fanfiction for years, but a few months ago I finally made my own account and decided that as long as I have an account, I might as well try writing something. This story will be a series of mostly one-shots that focuses on the minor characters during the Second War against Voldemort (Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows), since they don't get expanded upon much in the books. Hopefully it doesn't suck. Dean cursed as more mud leeched through his trainers. He and his companions had been trudging through this swampy land for nearly three hours, and he hadn't been able to get new trainers since he left his family's house. The ones he wore were battered, worn down, and on the edge of breaking. Dean could sympathize; he felt the same way. It was only the stubborn Gryffindor courage and a determination to eventually see his family again that kept him from giving up. "Come on Dean, keep up. We're sure to find a good spot to camp before dark. Just a bit longer" Ted Tonks whispered encouragingly. A fellow muggleborn on the run, Ted and Dean had agreed to travel together when Ted had helped Dean escape a group of second-rate snatchers. Dean had desperately needed someone with more magical experience, and Ted could not in good conscience leave the seventeen-year-old to fend for himself. Dean knew he could handle it, but the company was nice, and Ted missed his family as well. Traveling with someone was better than traveling alone. 'Though some of his current companions were unexpected' Dean thought with a chuckle. "What are you laughing about?" muttered Gornuk. The goblin was having even more trouble with the swampland than Dean was. As a goblin, his much smaller height meant reeds smacked at his face and he was near knee deep in muck at times. Gornuk didn't seem quite as bothered by the mud as he did, but Dean couldn't be sure; despite having traveled with Gornuk and his fellow Goblin Griphook for several weeks now, he still wasn't very good at reading the Goblin's expressions. "I was just thinking of how you tricked Snape about the Sword of Gryffindor. Serves the stupid git and his Death Eater pals right." Both Gornuk and Griphook had both done something against members of the new pure blood regime that put them on the Death Eater's kill list. Though they insisted that this was a wizard's war and they took no side, their pride would not let them submit to some of the more discriminatory demands of the now-ruling pureblood maniacs. "I didn't trick him, I just didn't correct his mistake. And don't assume I did that as some political statement. I simply wanted revenge against the insolent wizard for his insult to the goblin nation" There was that pride again. Dean wondered if it was universal to Goblins or just a trait of the two he had gotten to know over the past few weeks. He suspected the former. "I would gladly leave with my life on the line than submit to such an indignancy." "I don't suppose you'll tell us exactly what the Death Eaters did to force you to leave Gringotts, would you, Griphook?" Dirk Cresswell called from behind. The fifth and final member of their little caravan, Dirk had escaped capture halfway to Azkaban. A few days later he met up with Griphook, and then Gornuk. As the former Head of Goblin Liaison Office, the Goblins knew of him and had some respect for him that they seemed to lack for most other wizards and witches. They didn't seem to like Dirk so much as not despise him, but it was better than the slight air of contempt they always appeared to regard Dean and Ted with. At least they didn't openly insult him. Well, usually. "Bah!" Griphook spat, glaring at Dirk. He had thus far refused to explain why he had to run, but Dean assumed it must have been particularly bad since Griphook seemed to delight in expressing his dislike and distrust of wizards. Dean wished he would tell anyway, as the story might distract him from the way the mud was continuing to soak through the holes in the seams of his trainers and squelched uncomfortably beneath his toes. He grimaced as he stepped in a particularly deep patch. Ted, noticing his expression and his look of disgust toward the offending items, gave him a sympathetic pat on the shoulder. "I'll see what I can do to fix those up when we settle for camp. For now, just soldier on, ok? We'll be there soon." "But where is there?" Dean asked with a grunt as he climbed over a fallen tree. "We've been walking for hours, couldn't we have just apparated to the spot?" "Unfortunately, no. It's an area my wife suggested. She had visited there as a child, and its surrounded by wards and protective enchantments. It belonged to my wife's uncle Alphard. Or was it cousin? I'm not exactly sure. The Black family tree is confusing. The point is, the Death Eaters shouldn't think to check there as it's technically a Black residence, but Alphard left it to Dromeda, so none of her psychotic family members should be there. We couldn't go there before since she had to file the paperwork that would let her claim it in secret so no one would get suspicious. Should be good now though." Ted smiled happily, as he always did when he thought of his wife. As a pure blood, she wasn't in any danger, and her help in securing a safe house was certainly appreciated. "Still doesn't explain why we're not there yet. There can't be three hours of walking worth of wards surrounding it." Dean had to work to keep the whine from his voice. He was seventeen and not in a situation where he could afford to do so. "Yes, it's a bit strange," Ted muttered, "Andy's instructions should put us around here. Granted, it's been a long time since she was there. She might have gotten the directions a bit off. I was in a hurry to leave when she gave them to me, the Death Eater were all but going door to door looking for unregistered muggleborns." "Oi, Ted! Are we nearly there or not? If we have to walk any more the mud will become a permanent part of my feet." Apparently Dirk was just as annoyed with the swampy environment as Dean was if his irritated comment was anything to judge by. "It will be dark soon too. Best not to capture attention with lights at night" Griphook muttered. The crotchety goblin was right, the sky had turned pink and orange and his tattered trainers were getting increasingly hard to see. Soon the first stars would appear and with that night being a new moon, travel would become impossible without detection. "How about we just find the driest patch we can manage for tonight, and set out in the morning when we can see better" Dean suggested. "Sounds good to me." Dirk replied. Glancing around with a raised eyebrow he snorted softly "No dry patches around here though, so just pick a spot and we'll dry it the best we can." "Here," Gornuk said, pointing to an area near a cluster of swamp trees, "best spot there is in this environment." Dean could see what he meant; the roots of the trees would mean less muddy water, and the overhang of the branches would help block the view of the tent were their protective spells to fail. Dirk waved his wand and the tent sprang up, fully prepared for the fugitives to use. Dean felt a pang of jealousy- that spell never worked that well for him. All five of the exhausted humans and goblins worked in silence to finish the rest of the chores for the night, including the warding and dinner. It wasn't until the sun had set and stars littered the sky that Dean finally had enough energy to look at his dirty trainers. "Let me see them" Ted muttered quietly from the other armchair in the living room of their magically expanded tent. The tent was one Ted had taken with him on the run, and for Dean was a welcome change in comparison to the crummy motels and occasionally alleyways he had been sleeping in before. "Shouldn't be too hard to fix. Just some repairing charms, if I can get them right. Dromeda's better at them" Ted said after giving the trainers a glance over. He began fixing them with some reparo's and a few other spells Dean didn't know. As Ted worked, Dean stared at the lamp on the table. Being in a tent, a fireplace wasn't practical, and could attract too much attention. Dean missed the blazing fireplace of the Gryffindor common room, where he would fool around with Seamus or watch Harry lose to Ron at wizards' chess for the one-hundredth time. He missed the smaller but no less warm fireplace of his home, with his parents and sisters. Dean clenched his jaw and swallowed back tears. He suddenly hated this lantern and its sorry imitation of a fireplace. "You know, Dromeda and I bought this tent for our retirement. I love camping, though Dromeda's a bit less enthusiastic. We hoped that we might be able to camp sometimes with our daughter, Dora. She's pregnant, you know? I'm going to be a grandfather. We'd bring the grandkid too when he or she is old enough. We wanted it to be a bonding thing we could all do together." Ted muttered in a quiet voice. "We never really saw it being used this way. On the run from our own government for the crime of being born." There was sad, slightly bitter look on Ted's face as he too looked at the flickering lamp. He let out a deep sigh, and his eyes slipped close in weariness. Dean could sympathize, as he too felt the bone-deep exhaustion that came with being on the run. With Snatchers all over and Death Eaters raiding villages, Dean had to constantly look over his shoulder, always tense and alert for a threat. Even in times of relative safety, hidden behind wards in the enchanted tent, it was difficult to relax. "I was supposed to go back to Hogwarts this year." Dean muttered, looking at his feet. "I was going to be a chaser on the Gryffindor Quidditch team. It was my last year, Newt exams year. Then off into the real world. I thought I might play professionally. Or maybe I'd do something related to charms. I don't know. Won't happen now though. All I want now is to see my parents and sisters again." Dean thought back to when he had left. How he had to explain to his parents the situation in the wizarding world. He'd tried to keep them ignorant about what was going on before then, but for their own safety, he was forced to tell them when You-Know-Who took over the ministry. His step-father's shocked eyes, and his mother's tearful horrified face flashed before him. Both were angry that he had previously kept them in the dark, and terrified for their oldest safety, especially as he explained the reasons for his fleeing. His little sisters though… they didn't understand why their big brother was leaving and why their parents were so upset. He had explained things in vague terms to twelve year old Laura, and charged her with looking out for their younger sister. Her determined face hid her confusion and fear, and his heart nearly broke as he left