On the dark side After a long dark corridor seat, walked two. One man who resembled the face of the Grim Reaper in his old black robe and untreated due to strict and the other female is slightly smaller with a red sauce and dark eyes. At first glance, it was clear who the Death Eater and one prisoner. Alternately percussive action complements finer scuttling until Dolohov haired woman shove into one of the many rooms. When they rebelled, nudged it indiscriminately stick to his chest, saying, "do not make it even worse, the dirt like you Muggles, I have no problem, you're lucky that you Lord requested, otherwise I get you to worry about me." growled the obnoxious guy quite frightening exotic tone of voice that she not leave any doubt as it apparently fell. Redhead winced, and although it's too hair down, it was still a better fit than to be cremated in the hallway of his hands, he decided its survival instinct. Last she looked at the Death Eater and stabbed him a hostile look, unfortunately, had to admit that it is even more menacing. Then he had slammed the door in his face, magically locked and marched off to an unknown destination. The poor woman was me. Samantha Rayls, a member of the Order of the Phoenix, one of many muggle witch, outlaw, outlaw their own families and we can also say homeless since, the only home I was Sirius Black's house at Grimmauld Square. I had another place. Was it my all. I clenched my fists over the whole of this unenviable situation. Where have I got all wizards? It was first thought that came to my mind. I found myself on the dark side because of one stupid unsuccessfull action. Always when I despaired, I was comforted by the thought that life be worse does not get, but he convinced me that the future may be far more uncertain than I ever could imagine. Even Dumbledore's Army to find Voldemort's spy. Hard to believe it, every time I was careful to Severus Snape, whom I knew as well as anyone, but I did not expect to betray someone else, and in so inopportune moment. Now I really regret now two days ago when I went to Salazar Mine in the North of Scotland. Long-abandoned place where I was supposed to meet with an unknown contact, and he told me he had to disclose certain information and maps are drawn in buildings and list of addresses where the Death Eaters meet. It was a great chance to contribute something useful and I naively went there. Have you ever seen someone so stupid goose? The old woman, who was waiting for me in a dark cave mining old beams supporting commuter tunnel, initially looked suspicious, but not spoken. So I went closer, and when I heard a strange hissing snake uncomfortable, it was too late. The woman turned into a giant boa constrictor, which I literally wrapped and choked until I passed out. I woke up in a dungeon than me across there and now I'm here. I can only guess what they intend to me. Specter of death hovering over me as clearly as halo over the Dark Lord. I almost did not breathe when I turned into the shape of the entire room. My eyes flew all the corners but nobody around, I probably next in line, while somewhere else deal with another troublesome witness. The room looked completely normal. One bed, two chairs Old English with empty fireplace, some the wardrobe, chairs with a table next to the window and carpet that had missed their age most colors. But it all seemed motionless grim impression as if he had something to pass the time funeral procession. It's time to escape Samantha! Not stay here! She added the needed optimism. Quickly before someone comes less than Dolohov. Doors out of the question, not stupid, despite locking charm to get. Window. Even that could not be opened, and in addition had no wand. Fireplace lacked emerald powder and equally doubted that was connected to the floo network. Hell, with Morgana! Well peace Samantha, spoke to him in spirit. When I looked better, it seemed as if I had an empty room to prepare my mind. "Shoe!" Besides the cabinet was dumped a single dirty shoe, why ...? I came to her, it was too obviously worked out that nowhere else is not a piece of clothing, I bent down and grabbed it. There was a huge bang and I was the same room, just above the bed, which I fell heavily. At that moment there was a "Incarcerous!" and my wrists and ankles wrapped a rope and tied me to the bed firmly as small snakes. Nice to me to cut into the skin. I yelped and closed her eyes. But I was expecting much worse curses, but surprisingly no not come. When I opened my eyes again, I found that over the bed hangs a huge picture of him and he - Voldemort life-size. He was wearing a long black coat and I saw his sickly pale snake skin, his winning smile and his eyes red cruel to me literally burning through. The image was not magical, not moving. But what was moving was a shadow across the room. I held my breath and closed her eyes cowardly in a vain attempt to imagine that it's just a vision. But it was not. I heard a soft rustling substances as brushed the carpet while walking. The Dark Lord came to my bed, where I was arrested. It almost sent me stress again into a swoon. I felt really scared, I could not control my hands, that I trembled as in a fever, but I could not stop, I clearly felt how the atmosphere of what appeared changed. "I'm glad to finally meet you, my dear Miss Rayls," says Voldemort deep firm voice that seemed to bear its own echo. It did not make any sense to me, just because someone like that word love was not in the dictionary, and even if he certainly did not mean that sincerely. He hated Muggles after all! Therefore, he led this senseless war. But the words he forced open my eyes. I immediately regretted it, because the image rendered upon me his copy of its living right next to my bed. It looked exactly as I expected, although I have never seen a sorcerer. Even the Daily Prophet dared publish his photo after the attack on the Ministry of Magic. "I can not say the same thing," I said, and I was of myself really proud of me dropped at least one answer. "I have heard that they are not forthcoming with their information, but we'll see whether you're in favor of my person," he said mysteriously, and I could not take my eyes off his bony fingers, in which toyed with his wand. The response was just my half-disgusted, half-terrified face. Perhaps I'd have to feel like a worm on a hook, because his lips curled into an evil smile, let me not even a glimmer of confidence. "So I ask you, where is the seat of the Order of the Phoenix, Samantha." Silence. Somehow I thought that irritated him, but kept a cool head, at least not yet, probably had an exceptionally good mood today. "You do not want to hurt such a pretty face, believe me, that pain is just a piece of what I can give, and it would after all not fun," he hissed impatiently and the end of the wand, I stuck to the chin and gently lifted me to she looked into his eyes. I shuddered, his eyes were strange, cruel, merciless such that would even crush stone and everything you staring into your soul. "Better kill me, I will not say anything!" It was probably my bravest words I had ever left her mouth a long time for them cursing. But instead of Voldemort scowled and showed me a dark side, he amused laugh. I did not expect that. "You still do not know what death means at all," he said, "but there are other compelling ways than Veritaserum or torture. And when you finish, you'll be lining up for me. " Even now, I had no idea what I'm still waiting, as I was soon to find out. Voldemort's flowing robes rustled again and I would rather turned her head to the side, maybe he changed his mind and kill me right away and quickly, I hoped, but instead of curses I felt icy cold indeed touch on his hot face. I gasped in fright and nearly jumped out of my skin. He touched me! "In these gloomy times, not much fun, Samantha dear, but you're hiding many a temptation and opportunity, I will give it to you. You will become one of my loyal. And even if now you feel about me resistance until the next time you see me, I swear it will be the opposite, "he whispered, suddenly very close to my ear, which made me to pull the other end of the world, but could not. "I'm nobody's plaything" of himself shaking off the shackles of fear, "and I will never be anything as repulsive as you!" "You have not understood that you do not have a choice?" Teased the Dark Lord, "I now have some important work to do but to show up here, you certainly wiser than now," he pulled away and straightened to his full height heartless menacing phantom. Then she pointed my wand and I felt a chill throughout the body, every nerve, every cell. "Partial Petrificus!" he shouted, and I felt I was pinned from the neck up so that I was looking directly at the Dark Lord before him in the picture. I could not move, could not blink, until the spell will not pass away until I have his winning smile and snake face still ahead. Already it seemed as diabolical irrigation brain. Meanwhile, Voldemort retreated to a table by the window. On the table there were several things I had not noticed before. I hear a small click. They tortured me, I could not see anything. The man's bony fingers consult a cap of transparent glass with a special dark green Blum. He pulled it out and pushed a finger into the soil in a pot on his right hand. Then the figure turned and leaned on me a pot ankle of one leg. "See you at breakfast. I hope that in the meantime you change your mind ..." was all he said before he slammed the door ... Now things start happening! Five minutes later First, I was relieved that it was only the warning, but I was wrong. I should have known that he sets a me something special, never spoken to the wind, and even now his threats should fall on fertile ground. Flowerpot to my horror suddenly shuddered and it sprouted from a tiny sprout like beans. When he touched my feet and started to wrap around her, branch, grew steadily as prickly Devil's Snare, but this had no thorns biting into my flesh. So I could just strangle it, I really did not deserve, I groaned over that prospect in mind, a slow death by suffocation. Slowly, I began to pray to all the great wizards. I felt besides me plant grows on the bed as it catches everything that is at hand. But just as in a cold room, trying to find the largest source of heat, so the vines barnacle increasingly tun to my body. I felt forced to the plant as a kind of live wire Popin my body as it wraps around to tickle their leaves and tendrils as it gets increasingly higher, to your lap. And the only thing I could do is look at the