As you all know, The Hunger Games were written by Suzanne Collins, obviously. Everything except the characters, quotes, and story background are our original ideas. This fanfic is being co-written by two people, TheColorIsPurple and pineapplegrl77. Hope you enjoy and don't forget to REVIEW / ALERT / FAVORITE if you do! Katniss: When I wake up, the other side of the bed is cold. My fingers stretch out, seeking Prim's warmth but finding only the rough canvas cover of the mattress. She must have had bad dreams and climbed in with our mother. Of course she did. This is the day of the reaping. I swing my legs off the bed and slide into my hunting boots. Supple leather that has molded to my feet. I pull on trousers, a shirt, tuck my long dark braid up into a cap, and grab my forage bag. On the table, under a wooden bowl to protect it from hungry rats and cats alike, sits a perfect little goat cheese wrapped in basil leaves. Prim's gift to me on reaping day. I put the cheese carefully in my pocket as I slip outside. As soon as I'm in the trees, I retrieve a bow and sheath of arrows from a hollow log. In the woods waits the only person with whom I can be myself. Gale. I can feel the muscles in my face relaxing, my pace quickening as I climb the hills to our place, a rock ledge overlooking a valley. A thicket of berry bushes protects it from unwanted eyes. The sight of him waiting there brings on a smile. Gale says I never smile except in the woods. Gale: Just the thought of the Reaping sends panic shooting through me. I've taken tesserae every year since I was twelve, that's a total of 42 entries. But I have to stay calm, or my siblings will mimic me. And we can't have that happen. But it's still early, so I decide I might as well get some hunting in. All the shops are closed, windows to houses shuttered. If we could protect ourselves by hiding, then no kids would ever die. But we can't. And so they just keep dying. I enter the woods and retrieve a bow from our hiding place in the woods. It took Katniss years to trust me enough to give me one. That's one of the reason why I like her. She doesn't trust people, and for good reasons. Anything you say can be heard anywhere and be reported. The only place we can really talk freely is in the woods. In that way we're almost fortunate. Not twenty paces into the woods, I see a squirrel. It's an easy shot and I take it down with almost no effort. Katniss is by far the better shooter, I think, as I examine the body. It was a shot through the head, not through the eye like she seems to be able to do automatically. I glance around, and see the sun has just started to rise, and I get an idea. I pass the fence and then the Seam, enter town, and head straight for the baker's. It's a long shot that he'll even be up, rich people like them don't need to hunt for their food. But when I pass their window, I see Mr. Mellark's burly outline against the big oven that makes up the back wall of the shop. Knocking lightly, I step in. "Hello, Gale," he says pleasantly, "You're up early." "Yeah, just doing some hunting," I say absentmindedly. We talk for a while and then I make the trade. I quickly head back to our meeting place, afraid of making her wait, a broad smile growing on my face as I think of what I'll say. I peek out from between the trees and see her crouching. "Hey Catnip, look what I shot," I say, coming up on her from behind. I hold up the loaf of bread with the arrow stuck in it, and hear her laugh. She grabs the loaf, pulls out the arrow, and holds the puncture in the crust to her nose. While she's doing that I have the rare opportunity to study her closely. Her hair is up in her usual braid, pulling her hair away from her face. I've never seen her with her hair down, but I like to imagine that maybe it's about halfway down her back and a little wavy from braiding it everyday. Almond-shaped gray eyes reflect the sunlight streaming down between the trees, and her skin almost seems to glow in the muted light. She's relaxed, something I never see except when we're in the woods alone. "Mm, still warm," she says, practically giddy. "What did it cost you?" "Just a squirrel. Think the old man was feeling sentimental this morning," I say. "Even wished me luck." "Well, we all feel a little closer today, don't we?" she says, not even bothering to roll her eyes. "Prim left us a cheese." She pulls it out from her foraging bag. My expression brightens at the treat. "Thank you, Prim. We'll have a real feast." "I almost forgot! Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds—" I say with as much verve as I can muster as I toss a berry in a high arc towards her. She catches it in her mouth and breaks the delicate skin with her teeth. I bite down on my share of the berries and the sweet tartness explodes across my tongue. "— be ever in your favor!" she finishes with equal verve. We have to joke about it because the alternative is to be scared out of your wits. Besides, the Capitol accent is so affected, almost anything sounds funny in it. I spread the bread slices with the soft goat cheese, carefully placing a basil leaf on each while I strip the bushes of their berries. We settle back in a nook in the rocks. From this place, we are invisible but have a clear view of the valley, which is teeming with summer life. The day is glorious, with a blue sky and soft breeze, which makes the food all the more wonderful. Everything would be perfect if this really was a holiday, if the entire day off meant I could be roaming the mountains with Katniss, hunting for tonight's supper. But instead we have to be standing in the square at two o'clock waiting for the names to be called out. But then I start to actually think about the Games—the pointlessness, the hopeless odds and cruelty, and I can't help but get angry. The gears start to turn in my head and before I can stop myself I say, "We could do it, you know," "What?" Katniss asks. Sometimes she frustrates me so much. I know she hates life in Twelve, but she doesn't seem to want to do anything about it. When I get angry and yell in the woods, she just listens and doesn't say a word. "Leave the district. Run off. Live in the woods. You and I, we could make it," I say quietly. Now the words have left my mouth, and there's no calling them back. I can tell I've stunned her, so I quickly add, "If we didn't have so many kids." Vicky, Rory, Posy and Prim. And you may as well throw in our mothers, too, because how would they live without us? Who would fill those mouths that are always asking for more? With both of us hunting daily, there are still nights when game has to be swapped for lard or shoelaces or wool, still nights when we go to bed with our stomachs growling. "I never want to have kids," she says. "I might. If I didn't live here," I say, not saying who I would want to have them with. "But you do," she says, clearly irritated. "Forget it," I snap back. Why can she never see how easy it would be without all this. The Capitol, the Peacekeepers, the starvation and the poverty, none of that exists in the woods. The conversation grinds to a halt and soon we changed topics and finished lunch. We make out well. The predators ignore us on a day when easier, tastier prey abounds. By late morning, we have a dozen fish, a bag of greens and, best of all, a gallon of strawberries. I found the patch a few years ago, but I had the idea to string mesh nets around it to keep out the animals. On the way home, we swing by the Hob, the black market that operates in an abandoned warehouse that once held coal. When we finish our business at the market, we go to the back door of the mayor's house to sell half the strawberries, knowing he has a particular fondness for them and can afford our price. The mayor's daughter, Madge, opens the door. I think she's in Katniss's year at school. Today her drab school outfit has been replaced by an expensive white dress, and her blonde hair is done up with a pink ribbon. Reaping clothes. "Pretty dress." I give the compliment reluctantly. It is a pretty dress, but also ridiculously luxurious. She would never be wearing it ordinarilyI think of the hand-me-downs and repaired-time-and-time-again clothes the other kids would wear compared to her fine raminent. Madge shoots me a look, trying to see if it's a genuine compliment or if I'm just being ironic. She presses her lips together and then smiles. "Well, if I end up going to the Capitol, I want to look nice, don't I?" Now I'm confused. Does she mean it? Or is she messing with me? I'm guessing the second. She could actually mean in though, I don't really know. But for some raeson her comment just ticks me "You won't be going to the Capitol," I say coolly. My eyes land on a small, circular pin that adorns her dress. Real gold. Beautifully crafted. It could keep a family in bread for months. "What can you have? Five entries? I had six when I was just twelve years old." "That's not her fault," Katniss says, always sticking up for people at the worst possible times. Not that Madge needs to be stuck up for.. "No, it's no one's fault. Just the way it is," I say, struggling not to start screaming. Madge's face has become closed off. She puts the money for the berries in her hand. "Good luck, Katniss." "You, too," she says, and the door closes. We walk toward the Seam in silence. I know Katniss is mad at me, and I know its not Madge's fault that she most likely will never go into the Games, know what hunger and desperation feel like. And even though the rules were set up by the Capitol, not the districts, certainly not Madge's family, it's hard not to resent those who don't have to sign up for tesserae. The tesserae are just another tool to cause misery in our district. A way to plant hatred between the starving workers of the Seam and those who can generally count on supper and thereby ensure we will never trust one another. Katniss thinks my rants are pointless, maybe they are. But someday, they may be useful, someday we may be able to do something about our lives. We divide our spoils, leaving two fish, a couple of loaves of good bread, greens, a quart of strawberries, salt, paraffin, and a bit of money for each. "See you in the square," She says. "Wear something pretty," I say flatly. Prim: I'm trembling and I need to stop. It's half from excitement, but Katniss will misinterpret and start scowling at the world for making me nervous. I pace around the edges of our small room with Buttercup yowling at my heels, demanding attention. Katniss will be here any moment, fresh