Hi guys, so this is an idea I had out of the blue for a story. I'm not sure if it's a moment of brilliance or a moment of complete madness! I can't wait to hear your thoughts so I know whether to continue or not, hopefully you all like it :-) Enjoy! Be lla's POV 'Bella?' I jumped at the sound of my name and turned to face Edward. 'Yes?' 'I've been speaking to you for the last five minutes Bella' he replied, his tone terse. 'Oh, sorry' I provided lamely. There was nothing else I could say, I had no idea what so ever what he had been talking to me about. I had been lost in a world of my own and I blushed as I realised my thoughts had, once more been on Jacob. It was ridiculous really that I felt so guilty thinking about my best friend but I knew the conflict he caused between Edward and I. 'You must go and speak with him' Edward stated, refusing to meet my eyes. 'No' I replied, horrified at the idea. It was two days from the newborn battle, two days since Jacob had been crushed and two days since I had destroyed what remained of his heart. This was definitely not the first time that I had zoned out when Edward was talking to me. Despite my pining for Jacob I could not face him, there were no words sufficient to apologise to him for the pain I had caused. He would be irate, agonised and in excruciating physical pain all at the same time and I could not face that. It was not fair for me to demand to have him in my life when all I did was hurt him. The kiss on the mountain top and my profession of love for Jacob remained between Edward and I, a topic too toxic to touch. I had chosen Edward, I loved him and in order to be fair to the three if us I had to sever all ties with Jacob, it would just take time. 'Speaking with him might help Bella, it would clear things up, allow us to get on with our future, with our wedding' he implored, approaching me. 'Things are crystal clear, visiting him would do no good other than hurt us all more' I replied. 'Bella if they are closed then how can you explain the fact that you talk of him in your sleep?' He retorted with a sharpness to his voice that made me wince. 'I'm sorry' I whispered 'I cannot control that, he's lying with half his body crushed all because of me, I cannot forget that'. He came and sat alongside me on the bed and I could feel his demeanor soften. 'I know, it wasn't fair for me to say that. It's just that, well Bella, this isn't the way it should be. You are always happier you see Jaocb, I'm sure you could still salvage a friendship out of this'. I leapt off the bed at that, anger coursing through me. 'So that's what you want! You don't want me to end things with Jacob because not having him in my life makes me miserable, you just want me to make it clear to him that it's strictly platonic! You want me to use Jacob to make me happy little Bella again even though you know how he feels about me! By choosing you I gave up any right to have Jacob in my life.' I yelled at him from across the room. 'And was it worth it Bella?' He asked in an oddly calm voice. 'Worth what?' I cried exasperated. 'Was choosing me worth loosing Jacob?' He asked and I gaped at him, lost for words. 'Get out' I growled in a voice that brokered no argument. His eyes met mine once before he took flight out my window. Edwards POV Bella's failure to answer my question told me all I needed to know. The reality of loosing Jacob was only beginning to set in and it was clear she was no longer sure of her choice. She had been painfully unhappy since the newborn battle and totally preoccupied with her worry for Jacob. I hated to see her like this and the more I pondered it the more unsettled I became as to her reasoning for choosing me. Bella had always been determined to become one of us but since Jacob crept into her life she did not voice this desire quite so much. Before we married and before I changed her I needed her to be totally sure that she was making the right decision. Admitting her love for Jacob and the kiss that they shared may have planted a seed of doubt in her mind and I could not spend an eternity with someone who wondered 'what if'. It was this thought that had brought me to the treaty line with a desperate proposition that I hoped would work in my favour. Within seconds of my arrival I was met by Sam in his wolf form. He eyed me warily from a distance. 'What do you want?' he voiced in his mind. 'To speak with Jacob' I replied. 'No way' was directed back at me. I knew from Carlisle that Jacob was still in a bad way but it was clear that Sam did not want to publisice this information. 'I can assure you that you will suffer his wrath if you do not pass on my request, it regards Bella' I stated. There was no reply as Sam turned tail but I knew that he was on route to tell Jacob, even the alpha did not dare anger Jacob Black where Bella was concerned. Jacobs POV 'Ahhh, fuuccckk!' I groaned as I pulled myself into a sitting position. The sweat was dripping off me from this simple action and I was aching all over. My Dad rolled into my room at my cry of pain. 'You alright son?' he asked as I tried to catch my breath. I knew things were bad when he wasn't even reprimanding me on my language. 'Yeah Dad' I groaned. 'Just a few more days and you'll be on the right side of it. I'll go and get your medicine' he said as he left the room, shutting my door behind him. Bracing myself I leant and picked up a pair of sweats. Biting my lip I pulled them on one handed. As soon as I had the door bounced open as Sam came striding in. 'Geez man, don't knock or anything, you're about five seconds away from seeing my naked ass' I grumbled. 'Nothing I haven't seen before' he retorted. 'Cullens at the treaty line, wants to talk to you, he says it's about Bella' he spat out. I forced myself to my feet and as I did so Sam came over to help. 'I'm fine' I said refusing his help as I limped out of my room. I met my Dad in the living room as Sam relayed the information. 'Jacob, please, you can barely walk' he pleaded but I shook my head. 'I have to go'. I was thankful when he nodded his acquiescence. 'Take these before you go' he said handing me a fistful of pills, I swallowed them in one and left the house with a determination. Whatever the leech had to say I was man enough to face it. At least I hoped I was. As I entered the forest I was aware that my brothers were close by in their wolves forms, watching over in me. I was grateful for it, not entirely confident in my strength to carry me to the treaty line. It took me nearly half an hour where it usually would have taken me ten and five in my wolf form but finally I reached the treaty line, drenched in sweat. He was standing there, calm and frozen when I emerged from the trees. 'Jacob' he greeted from a distance 'How are you?' He asked. 'Fuck off' I retorted in my mind, out loud I asked 'What do you want? Is Bella ok?' 'I want to speak to you, about Bella, she's unhappy. Since she told you that she chose me she has been downright miserable' he stated succinctly making my heart stop. What did that mean? I still didn't understand what he wanted. Bella had made her decision, now she had to live with it. 'That's just it. She didn't factor into it that by choosing me she would lose you. She's unsure if she has made the right decision' he said. 'Then why isn't she here, telling me this?' I asked, wiping sweat from my brow. 'Because she hasn't admitted it yet. She doesn't want to hurt me but the fact is she loves both of us. Equally' he replied, his voice strained. 'Yes well she can't have both of us and she's chosen you so there is nothing more to be said about it' I retorted, angry that he had brought me here to put me through this again, wasn't once enough? 'Jacob I do not want to spend my eternity with someone who wonders 'what if',I want Bella to make an informed decision, I want her to choose to be with me, having known the other options.' 'She does know the other options, quite clearly.' I replied exasperated, this conversation was pointless. 'No, she knows there was the option of being with you but she doesn't know what that actually feels like. She will always wonder what it would have been like to be with you, wonder if she made the right decision.' 'Yes well that is the consequence of the choice she made, she cannot have the best of both worlds.' 'Why can't she?' He asked and I nearly fainted on the spot. ' What?' I spat, horrified at him. 'She loves us both Jacob and she doesn't know which of us she truly wants. Why don't we both date her, that way you get a fair fight and I get to know if she's sure about me and her. When it ends we'll both know, for definite where we stand'. 'Are you fucking joking? You want us to share Bella?' He had to be joking, the idea was ludicrous. 'Like I said, a fair fight at the end she knows who she wants and we agree that whoever she doesn't choose walks out of her life for good. A clean break'. Although I seriously did not want to admit it I was beginning to see logic and appeal in his suggestion. I had always been at a disadvantage when it came to vying for Bella, always overshadowed and disallowed because of him, this way I'd finally have a chance no matter how twisted it was. 'Yes, Jacob, a chance' he uttered. 'Get the fuck out of my head!' I growled. 'I don't understand why you are doing this, you have Bella and now you are prepared to give up half of her?' His reasoning baffled and alarmed me. 'I only have half of her now Jaocb, the other half is already with you and I can't live an eternity with her like that' he replied his voice low. For a reason I couldn't fathom I believed he was telling the truth and I couldn't see any reason why he would lie. There was one key factor missing in this whole proposition. 'Bella will never agree to this' I stated. 'Well we don't know until we ask her and there's no time like the present, you wait here, I'll go get her' he said and I was in too much shock and pain to argue with his order. Instead I made my way to the treelike and sat with my back against a tree taking deep steadying breaths. This whole conversation was ridiculous and Bella was likely to