Banner by: Mina Rivera Don't Let It End by RobstenLover93 Rated: T Warnings: Swearing Beta: Summary: She never expected him to come back from the war, she really never did. The last time he saw her, she had just told him she was pregnant and he couldn't wait for the arrival of his child. Although will he make it in the war to see the arrival of his child. ONE-SHOT Bella's POV The last time I had seen him was 4 months ago, he was out on leave for a month and I had loved spending time with him so many days of the week. I missed him dearly now days, the last time I had actually seen him when he was still here was when we were arguing. He was supposed to be done with his time in the war in a few months but he wanted to stay, he wanted to stay and fight for his country, I begged him not to but he didn't listen. The night he left I cried, a lot. I didn't know if he would come out of the war alive or not, I did NOT want to receive a knock on my door in a short few months and he would be MIA (missing in action) or dead, it would kill me. About 2 weeks after his leave from home I wasn't feeling the best and called my sister-in-law (Alice) our dog, who kept me company at times when my husband was fighting for his life. While I was sitting in my room, Alice came in and sat on the end of the bed asking a bunch of questions, I remember it like it was yesterday. Flashback Alice sat on the end of the bed as Jacob our dog walked into the room brushing against the bed and sitting under Alice. " Bella I know this isn't any of my concern, but um….when Edward was home…did you guys have some….sex?" she asked " Alice!" I said How sick is that! To ask your sister-in-law when she and her husband last had sex, it's sick. " Sorry! I'm just wondering, he's been gone 2 weeks Bella and who knows if you did it the first night he got home, I KNOW you two did, twin instinct." She said " Alice what are you getting at?" I asked She cleared her throat, " Bella…could you….could you be pregnant?" she asked My eyes widened at her and I moved my hands to my stomach, could I be pregnant? Could I, I don't know if I could be pregnant or not. I thought for sure Edward and I used a condom each time. " Bella think. I had the same symptoms when I was pregnant with Jackson" she said " I….I cant be pregnant. My husband is in the middle of the war for god's sake!" I said She put her hands on my shoulders, " Things happen Bella, they do, and you cant stop them sweetheart. Maybe this baby is for a reason, you told me he thought he would deploy again, he cant betray you and a baby Bella," she said For a reason, maybe this was for a reason….just like she said. End of flashback I ended up being pregnant, Alice had been right and she's gone to every appointment with me since my husband couldn't be here, but I sent him pictures of our baby every time I could, the baby was our peanut. It was a miracle baby. Today was my check-up to see if our baby was a boy or a girl. "Come on Bella, leave Jacob alone and let's go" Alice said with her hands on her hips "But he's my baby Alice" I said She sighed "No Bella, your baby is still "cooking" for another 5 months" she said I pouted and pet my dog before standing from the couch and slowly walking over to Alice, she was not the person I wanted to see right now. We walked out to the car and I got in very carefully before putting the seat belt over my belly, it was hard to believe even after 4 months, I was carrying another little person. "When is he supposed to be home?" she asked driving off "A month, I'm hoping though he makes it for the baby's birth" I said "Why wouldn't he?" she asked "I don't know, just in case he doesn't make it home in time because of something you know? Or incase…you know, he dies or goes MIA" I said "Bella he won't, you have to stop believing he will" she said "You don't know that Alice, he COULD" I said with tears in my brown eyes "You know they'll protect him over there Bella, they probably obviously know your expecting his son or daughter" she said "I guess" I said rubbing my stomach I loved being able to feel the baby move, it made me feel confident that the baby was actually there and this isn't just a long dream. It didn't take much longer to get to my doctors office and I got out of the car (with Alice's help) with a lot of confidence on my baby, I was dying for a little boy. I walked into the waiting room and Alice went up and signed my name for me as I sat down on the chair next to a lady who was way more pregnant then I was. She looked ready to pop. She had a little boy at her feet playing with a toy car doing the little noises to go with it, that's the kind of boy I wanted, god I just wanted a little boy, I knew I wanted. "You're staring" the lady next to me said Alice glared at me, wondering why I would stare at the little boy. "I'm sorry" I said to the lady next to me "Is she….is she your partner?" the lady said scrunching up her nose "No! She's my sister-in-law, my husband is in Iraq" I said The lady immediately looked nicer, like she felt sorry for me. I didn't like how people could just be nice to me since Edward is in the war, "I'm Jane and this is my son, Isaac" she said "Hi Jane, I'm Bella and this is my sister in law Alice" I said She smiled at me, we didn't get to talk much more when my name was called. "It was nice meeting you Jane" I said I stood from my seat with help, and walked into the doors and followed the nurse. She did the normal, she took my weight wrote down a bunch of random notes, and left, like every other nurse does at this place. It was not long before my doctor came in, Doctor Greenway. "Hello Bella, how are you feeling today?" he asked "I'm okay, very active baby today" I said rubbing my stomach "Its normal, now lets see this baby here" he said hooking up the machine He asked me to lift my shirt and I did his command as he squirt the cold gel on my stomach before waving around the wand He looked over my baby and I wished the baby was being nice to mommy and would tell me if they were a boy or girl. "Everything looks good, very healthy baby. Would you like to know the sex?" he asked I grinned at him and spoke "Yes" I said He waved the wand around a bit more and finally found what he was looking for, "It's a boy" he said I was so happy, I had got what I wanted. "Do you want a picture?" he asked "4 please" Alice piped up He handed me a towel and went to go print the pictures as I looked to Alice "I'm so happy" I said "See? It's the boy you always wanted" she said "I cant wait to tell Edward" I said "You know he'll be really happy" she said "I hope so" I said After getting the pictures back and into Alice's car I stole her sharpie and wrote on the one I would send Edward. I pointed and wrote it in big letters, IT'S A BOY. When we got back to the house and I was inside I put the picture on the fridge. Alice walked into the house with a letter in her hands "It's from Edward" she said I walked over, ripped the letter from her hands, and opened it. My dearest Bella….and child, I miss you dearly Bella, the war has gotten to my head and I don't know if you were right the time before you found out of your pregnancy, should I join the war once again? I hope you and our baby are doing very well, I miss you very much Bella, and I hope to see you again so soon. I'm sorry this is so short, I love you. I hope you and the baby are well. Love, Edward P.s.- Emmett says hi! I sighed and held the note close to my heart, every time I receive one of these notes, I know he's safe and I don't have to worry about him not being safe, it worries me too much. "Bella? Is he okay?" Alice asked "He's fine, I just…I miss him, that's all" I said She put a hand on my shoulder "He'll be home before you know it Bella, all you have to do is wait," she said "I know, it's going to be stressful month" I said She smiled at me "We'll be here for you the whole time" she said "I know, I love you a lt Alice" I said hugging her She smiled at me once again, her smiles were actually kind of annoying if I would have to tell you the truth. "I love you too Bella," she said ~Day Two of Thirty~ The day was a very interesting one, I had been playing around with names for our son in my head and writing them down on a piece of paper, I wanted my husband to help me pick, I knew I was going to send my list his way. I had taped the picture of our baby on the bottom of the letter. I loved my names, I had picked out for my baby boy. Brandon Michael Christopher (Chris) Andrew (Andy) Liam Noah Benjamin Caleb Justin Kyle Cameron The names went on and on, only a few really stuck out to me, but I wanted Edward's opinion in all of this, he is Edward's child to. My letter wasn't long to my husband, but it had everything in I wanted it to say. Dear Edward, Alice took me yesterday to the doctor, I met this lady –Jane- and she had her son with her there –Isaac-, I knew I wanted us to have a little boy the minute I saw him. Jane and I got to talking for a little bit, and I think we're going to be the best of friends, you'll love her I miss you, I miss my brother also but I miss you more, I hope you do re-consider and you don't go back to the war when you come home in a few weeks. We're having a boy! I hope he looks like you Edward 3 I hope you come home soon Edward, we miss you I love you too, Bella Say Hi back to Emmett for me! I sighed at my note, clipped the name list on the back, smiled as I folded it up, and stuck it in the envelope. I wrote down the address I have wrote so many times to his base, and of course the return address in the corner, just in case he ever forgot. I doubt he ever would but does it harm to put it there? After struggling to get up from my spot I walked very slowly out