Title: The Secret in the Tears Prompt #: 26 and 27 Pen name: RobstenLover93 Pairing: Edward-Bella Genre: Family, Romance Summary: Not only is Edward Cullen a new father, but also the head doctor at Seattle Hospital. Though can he make it through his first day back, without a few distractions? Word count: 3072 Edward's POV Today was my first day back. The first day I had to go to work after our daughter's birth. My father, who happened to be my boss, let Bella and I have a few weeks off to take care of Clara, our newborn daughter. Even though Clara was an easy baby, she had Bella and me up all night last night and now in the morning, I was ready to crash. "Oh sweetheart, she's just a little baby. She's going to cry for the first year or two of her life." My mother chuckled, sipping her coffee. My mother was staying with us for a little while. When we were about to crash last night, she had come in and let us sleep, because she knew I had to be up in a few hours and Bella just needed her sleep. "You would think she would be a bit easier on us though, Mom," I said. She didn't get to say another word before we heard footsteps. I turned in my seat to see my wife with our daughter in her arms. When Bella came over to me, she gave me a light kiss and set Clara in her swing. "She's finally sleeping," Bella said. "Bella, sweetheart, are you going to go into work? I can take care of Clara," Mom said. "Not yet, Esme, but thank you for offering. Carlisle told me I would get a bit longer off work," Bella said. My wife looked over at me and smiled, I just smiled back. It made me remember if I hadn't gone to work that day, I would have never met Bella. " You're not sick Edward. Just hungover," Emmett scoffed at me. " I shouldn't go to work with this horrible headache Emmett," I said rubbing my temples. " You know what always helps?" " What helps?" I asked looking towards him. " Coffee, and I believe Dr. Cullen that they have coffee at the hospital! Now get up and get dressed. Your dad is going to kill you if you don't show up," he said. I grumbled and got up from my seat, dragging my feet as I walked to my bedroom to get dressed. My head was killing me, and all I wanted to do was go back to sleep. When I got to my room I noticed my coat was already sitting on the bed waiting for me. " Stupid Emmett got in my stuff," I mumbled. When I walked to my dresser, I hesitated. I grabbed my clothes after staring at my dresser for a few minutes. When I went into the bathroom I slipped off my pajamas and put on my work clothes. While looking in the mirror I noticed I looked like a complete idiot. When I went down to grab my brush I could not find it. " Emmett!" I said. After hearing loud footsteps going up the stairs, I heard him open the door a peep. " Yes dear brother of mine?" " Where the hell is my brush?" I snapped. " Um…" he said staring to back away from me. " Tell me!" " Ruffers ate it?" " Emmett!" I said. " Fine! When we were drunk last night, this odd girl came into the bathroom and when she came out she had your brush in her hand. She said she was going to clone you and left," He said. " Clone me? Are you sure she didn't just put it somewhere? And how would you know for sure? We were drunk , " I said. " Well she could have said something else," he replied, rubbing the back of his head. " Emmett my hair is a mess. If I go to work and Dad see's my hair, I'm going to die," I said. " Your hair is always a mess, Edward. He's not going to care if it's a mess or not," " Forget it then. Go get my coat. I'm going to be late," Snapping at my brother didn't help my headache, but I knew at this point, pills and coffee were the only two things that were going to help my head. When Emmett came back, he had my coat in his hands. I grabbed it from his hand and slipped it on. " Is being late going to be so hard?" " Emmett, have you ever seen Dad when he gets in his work mode? If anyone is late on his team he's going to freak," I said. " Has anyone been late before?" he asked. I nodded my head and left the bathroom as he followed me. " And?" When I got down to the kitchen and grabbed my keys, I looked over at my brother. " They don't work at the hospital anymore," I said. I walked out to my car, leaving my shocked brother standing there. After getting in the car I clenched my fists and started it up. I loved my car. When I looked at the time on the dash, I thought I would be the next to be fired. " Edward?" Emmett asked. " What?" " Can I take the Hummer home?" He asked. " Do whatever you want. I have to get going. I'm going to be late," I told him. Before I could close the open window, he put his head through the open space. " Where are the keys?" he asked. " In my room. They're in my sock drawer. Bottom left," I said. " Thanks dude!" he said smiling and walking off. I closed the window and put the car in drive before speeding away. While driving to work, I tried to think of the ways my dad was going to fire me. When I arrived, I didn't even bother looking down at my dash to look at the time, I knew I was late. I grabbed my watch and slipped it on before getting out of the car. I slammed my door and locked the car before starting to walk/run into the hospital. When I was inside, I saw my Dad waiting with his arms crossed. " You're late." " Emmett," I said. He rolled his eyes, and I bit my lip worried the next words that would come out of his mouth would be "you're fired". " Get to work. You still have to train the new nurse," he said walking off. " New nurse?" I mumbled. I shook my head and walked off to my office. When I walked into my office, I was shocked to see someone sitting there. " Excuse me? Who are you and what are you doing here?" I asked walking to my desk. " Dr. Cullen. I am the new nurse," she said. " Yes of course. What is your name, girl?" I asked. " Ms. Isabella Swan, but you can call me Bella," she said. Isabella Swan who became Isabella Cullen a year and a half later. "What are you thinking about, Dr. Cullen?" Bella hummed next to me. "You, nurse Cullen?" I said nuzzling my face into her shoulder. She giggled and kissed my head. "Okay Edward. I think you should get to work," Mom said with a laugh. I rolled my eyes at my mother and walked over to my sleeping daughter. "You be good for daddy okay, Pumpkin?" I whispered stroking her hair. Until I went to stand up, I didn't even notice what her onesie said " My Daddy is a DOCTOR. What super power does your daddy have?" When I stood up from where my daughter was sitting, I looked over at my wife and smiled. "Have a good day, Edward," she said. "I'll be thinking about my wife and daughter all day," I mumbled to her. She bit her lip. "Go to work, Edward. We can't ," she said. Not yet, that is. Not until the doctor gave us permission. These past few weeks have been pure torture. "I'll see you ladies later. Don't do anything exciting without me," I said. Mom laughed and shook her head as I grabbed my keys. I hadn't gotten rid of my man car when I married Bella, but I rarely got to use it with Clara here. I was allowed to use it when I was alone, and today I was alone. When I got out to my car I ran my hand over the dash, happy to remember all the times I spent in this car. I had taken Bella out on our first date in this car. Because there was no back seat, Bella and I spent the whole time in the front giggling and being drunk in our own ways. Our first date wasn't one to forget. I shook my head while smiling and drove out of the driveway in my car. When I got to work, I didn't even bother looking at the time, a habit of mine ever since that day. When I got inside I saw my Dad, but he wasn't waiting for me. He was talking to another doctor/nurse. When he looked over my way, he smiled and the doctor/nurse's eyes traveled the same way as his. I frowned when I saw Tanya Denali talking to my father. Tanya had always liked me, and she'd told me she's not going to give up on me, even if I am married. "Hello Edward," Tanya said coming over to me. She ran her hand over my arm and I clenched my fists. I hated how Tanya did this to me, when she knew I was married and un-interested. "Tanya, now, " my father snapped at her when he walked over. She rolled her eyes and scoffed before starting to walk away. "Goodbye Edward ," she said, blowing me a kiss. I rolled my eyes at Tanya and looked to my father. "Hello, son. How is my granddaughter today?" he asked. I laughed. My father adores his granddaughter. "She's a very cranky baby today. Bella and I were up almost all night with her," I said. "That's a normal newborn. You're lucky you only have one child at a time. Your mother and I didn't have the easiest time with you and Emmett," he said. I rolled my eyes at my father. He has brought up that my brother and I were hard babies ever since Bella and I told my parents we were expecting. "Dad, I get it. I just got lucky with this one," I said. "You really did. I don't really get it actually. You're a twin and Bella is a twin. I would have expected twins from you two," he said. I liked just having Clara. Well for now, that is. "How many people do we have coming in today?" I asked, ignoring his last statement. "Not too many, though Sara is coming in today. She's missed you," he said. Sara was the only cancer patient they had around here, but she wasn't a live-in. Since it wasn't that bad, she just came in for checkups. "What time?" I asked. "Not for another hour or so. No other patients until then," he said. "I'll be around," I said nodding my head at my father. He smiled at me and walked the other way. I didn't know what to do until it hit me. Even though I was only there a few weeks ago with my daughter, I knew there would be new babies in the nursery so I made my way there. It wasn't a long walk to the nursery, but it also wasn't the shortest. When I got to the nursery I didn't see any nurses or anything