Title: A Heartless Cry Author: RobstenLover93 Rating: T Disclaimer I own nothing. SM owns all. Summary- They had broken up seven years ago and she told everyone they grew apart and didn't care if they believed her. When his fiancé, who is also a friend of hers from high school, invites her to the wedding….she doesn't want to go but she sure does for one reason. Bella's POV *Seven Years Ago* He drove away in his Volvo and I wiped my tears that kept falling. "Oh baby. I'm so sorry," my mother said hugging me. "I thought it was going so good with us Mom," I cried burying my face in her shirt. "Well maybe it was for the best baby. Maybe he wasn't for you. Someone or something is just trying to tell you something," my mom said. I shrugged. "I really did love him Mom," I said wiping my tears. My mom smiled and released her hug on me. She flattened my hair down and I smiled slightly. "Get dressed sweetheart. You have to be to school in thirty minutes," she said. My mom walked out of the room and I wiped my eyes again. I had to get over him, and get over him quickly. I would be fine going to school today. I went over to my closet and the first thing I picked up off a hanger was his sweatshirt he gave me on our first date and told me to keep. Furious, I flung the sweatshirt on the bed and continued to search for clothes. I settled on a grey shirt with a hood and some skinny jeans. I also grabbed my pink vans and went into the bathroom to do my makeup and put my hair the way I wanted it. I braided some of my hair and put the braid in a bun. It looked super cute. When I looked over to the clock I was it was seven thirty and I needed to get going if I wanted to make it to school on time. I grabbed my bag and started down the stairs. When I got downstairs my mother smiled at me. "I didn't have time with what happened to make breakfast sweetheart. You'll have to just heat up a bagel and some cream cheese sweetheart," mom said. I nodded at her and grabbed a bagel and walked over to the microwave. I threw the bagel in the microwave for ten seconds and grabbed the cream cheese from the fridge. After the bagel was done and it had cream cheese on it, I put my stuff away and took a bite. I didn't realize until I was almost out the door that my car was still in the shop, Edward had been picking me up lately….oh shit. When I turned around to ask my mom if I could get a ride to school I saw she was smiling and holding up her keys. "Take my car. I don't have to work today anyway," she said. I smiled and grabbed her keys. "Thanks mom. I really appreciate it," I said. "Anything for my baby," she said sipping her coffee. I was her only baby and would be forever and ever, unless she re-married. My dad died in the war, he was defending our country and he died just before he would come home forever. I was only seven when my dad died, but my mom had been devastated. I shook my head to get the horrible thoughts out of my head and walked over to my mother's car. After unlocking the car I opened the door and slid in the driver's seat, immediately changing the seat so I could reach the peddles. I put the key in the ignition and started the car. Once my seatbelt was on and I was situated I put the car in reverse and began my trip to school. Since school wasn't too far away I quickly pulled into the driveway. When I parked the car I took the keys out of the ignition and grabbed my book bag, immediately putting the keys in a safe place. Normally….well I normally wouldn't be going to my locker this early before the school day started. "Bella! Bella!" I turned around to see my best friend, dressed in something so adorable. I loved her dress, it was covered in butterflies and so cute. Her shoes, well heels, were white and adorable. Her nails were white and matched her whole outfit. "How do I look Bella?" she asked as she came up to me. "Alice you look….amazing," I said. She squealed in delight. "So? What'd my brother have to say this morning? Anything…interesting?" she asked winking. Alice Cullen, my ex-boyfriends twin sister. "Um no not really," I said walking off. She frowned and followed. "What did he say? I mean he walked out of the house super early to come to your place. I was actually surprised your mom let him in so early," Alice asked continuing to try to catch up to me. I shook my head at her but she wasn't taking it again. Alice grabbed my arm and spun me around to face her. "Tell me. Do I have to beat his ass?" she asked crossing her arms. I sighed. "Edward broke up with me," I said. Her eyes widened and her fists clenched. "That boy! Oh my gosh Bella I'm going to kill him," she said pulling at her hair. "Alice he's your brother," I said. "You know what he told us last week? He told Mom and Dad?" she said. "What?" I asked. "He told mom and dad he loved you. He wanted to tell you at Prom in two weeks," she said. Edward and I had been going out since sophomore year and hadn't confessed any love to each other yet, so Alice saying he was going to tell me that at our last prom….well that broke my heart. "Oh," I said. She released my arm and I walked off. Alice soon followed. "You know I'll have to beat his ass when we get home," Alice said as we walked to our lockers. I rolled my eyes at her. "Don't you always?" I asked. She laughed. "Most of the time. You know Bella I think I might know why he broke up with you," she said. "Why?" I asked. "You wouldn't sleep with him," she said. I shrugged, what she didn't know didn't hurt her. "Wait? Bella. Did you sleep with my brother before you told each other you loved each other?" she asked. I shrugged again. She poked my arm a million times. "Did you? I mean….it's so gross because he's my brother but oh my god! Bella!" she squealed. "Does it matter?" I asked. "Yes!" When we got to our lockers I had noticed the blonde sticking out in the crowd, she was hard to miss. She turned around and spotted us. She immediately grinned and walked over. "Hey girlies!" she said. "Hey Tanya!" Alice and I said at the same time. We all giggled at that. "Bella's heartbroken Tanya and we're gonna need to fix her," Alice said. "Uh oh. What happened?" Tanya asked. "Edward broke up with her this morning," Alice said. Tanya gasped. "That jerk!" "That's what I said! I'm gonna beat his ass when we get home," Alice said. The day continued on as normal, well…except my best friends were planning to kill my ex-boyfriend, or torture him anyway they could. I wish the day would have gone better but….I knew after getting my heart broken just killed the whole day. *Seven Years Later* I sneered at the invitation. I didn't want to go to this but I doubt I had a choice. "Mommy? What is it?" My son, my prize, Alexander Jason Swan. "Just a wedding invitation bud," I said. My son is only five, but sure a smart boy. "Who is it from Mommy?" he asked. "Just an old friend," I said. "Are we going?" he asked. So many questions and not enough time. "Maybe," I said. I didn't want to go to her wedding, sure she was one of my friends in high school but he's my ex-boyfriend. I would bet Alice would track me down and make me come to her brother's wedding. It made all things with Alex a problem. I had met Alex's father my first year of college, and we immediately connected. It wasn't long before we made love and I got pregnant. Alex's father had been going to his parents' home one day to tell them the amazing news when a drunk driver hit his car. Jason died immediately. I had cried for weeks and weeks. When our son was born, I immediately wanted to name him after his father in some way. I switched Jason's name around, to make him Alexander Jason instead of Jason Alexander. Alex doesn't know much about his father, just that he had died in a car accident and loved him very much even though we didn't know he was a boy yet. Years have gone by and I still love Jason more than anything. Even more than Edward. I didn't move far from home. I had only moved to Seattle so going to Forks wouldn't be a big deal. "Mommy?" "Yeah baby?" I asked. "Will we go see Daddy tomorrow?" he asked. I promised Alex we would visit his daddy every time I got sad. "I'm not sad buddy," I said. "But I miss him," he said. "Don't worry baby. We'll visit him soon," I said wrapping my arms around my son. He laid his head on my stomach and I kissed his head. *A week and a half later* Alex giggled as I straightened his tie. "You look like you're going to a funeral mommy," he said. I had on a black tight dress that showed off my breasts and some black heels to go with them. Alex was right, I did look like I was going to a funeral. "Well we're going to a wedding. So calm down bud," I said touching his nose with my finger. Alex and I drove up to my mom's place in Forks yesterday so that we wouldn't have to worry about the long drive. "How is my cheeky grandson?" My mom said. Alex grinned. "I'm so good grandma!" Alex said. I looked at my mother's outfit and grinned. I loved the color of her dress. She had on a blue tight dress with some blue heels to go with them, her lips were the right shade of blue also. "Oh baby! Even after you had a nine pound seven ounce baby boy, you still have an awesome body," my mother said. I blushed. "Mom quit it," I said. "Well I don't want to. I just love you so much," Mom said. I smiled at her. "Are we ready to go?" I asked. My mother nodded and I grabbed Alex's hand. We walked out of the door and over to my car, well my mother's old car. My mother sat in the driver's seat and I put Alex in his car seat in the backseat. I sat in the front passenger seat. "Where is the wedding?" I asked. "The Cullen home," Mom said. "Oh," I said. The trip to the Cullen home was short, I wish I didn't have to go but I don't really have a choice. When we got to the Cullen home there were a lot of cars already there. I was not surprised, Tanya had always been a popular girl. My mother parked the car on the side of the road, and took the key out of the ignition. I took off my seatbelt and opened the door. I went to the backseat and opened the door, unbuckling my son's car seat. Alex crawled out of the car and onto the grass. I took his hand and closed the door. "Ready baby?" Mom