Title: The Frosted Window Penname: RobstenLover93 Rating: T Summary- They broke up in December and she just can't forget it, will she ever be able to forget the time they shared together? Even when she has to spend time in his hometown during the time of the 1 year mark of their break-up? Warning: Swearing Banner Link: Banner Designer Name and Email: Mina Rivera Email: Beta Name and Email: Jane Ramirez Email: Janee_rocks12 ONE-SHOT Bella's POV A year….it's been a whole year since we broke up and I haven't seen him since, I seem to want to but I….I just can't come to the fact to speak with him again. I wasn't that I didn't have the time, I was afraid to speak to him again. He would probably hate me! He would just…I don't know how he would react if I saw him again. I lost all contact with him anyways after our break-up but I didn't blame him. We had been together for 3 years and me….I just lost interest in him, I don't know why or how but I just did. It was a tragic thing to break his heart but I felt like I had to do it. There was no way I could stay with him and feeling nothing for him. It ruined Christmas that year. We had been planning to go to his family's house in New York. When we broke up, he took an engagement ring slammed it down on the table and walked out of the rom. I burst into tears and didn't do anything for a few days. My best friend Alice (who happens to be his twin sister) didn't know why I broke up with her brother. If I must admit I didn't know either even if my feelings for him diminished. I….I haven't spoken to her since. She disappeared off the face off the earth with her brother soon following. I didn't eat, I didn't sleep, all I did I was go to school and sit…I sat there and did absolutely nothing, and when I say nothing I mean nothing. After a month or so I got back into my normal routine, I slept, and I ate and I went to school and work. I still have no clue where they are and what they're doing but do I want to know? I'm not so sure I do….really do I? It's almost Christmas time again here in Arizona and my mother wants me to come home to New York to spend Christmas with her and her new husband. My mom and dad divorced when I was 3 and I was dragged away with my mother until I was 11 and she got re-married. It's not that I don't like her new husband but I just felt that she shouldn't have to worry about her eleven year old daughter and her new husband at the same time so I went to live with my dad. It happens to be the place I met him. He was on vacation with his parents during the summer and they moved there instead of going back to New York. I told her about my break up when she lived in Florida and she sent me a plane ticket to see her, I cried on her shoulder for hours on end while she rubbed my back trying to calm me. She told me she was moving the next morning. I burst into another fit of tears, she was going to be farther away again and I didn't like it. I told my dad about our break-up next, he took it hard as well and told me Edward had come to Forks the week before telling my father he was going to propose…my father had given him his blessing. I had done a lot of crying in the first 2 months of our break-up but I got over it…eventually. Now a year later I'm expected to take this plane ticket and go to New York to see my mother and spend Christmas with her. It was the day before I was supposed to leave and I had yet to pack, where was I supposed to get stuff to keep me warm in Arizona? She does know it's usually really hot here right? She did live her a few years of her life. What would I accomplish going to New York to see my mother? Would much even happen? I would spend Christmas with her and Phil and possibly New Year's and I would come home and see her again in the summer when I visit both of my parents for a month and a half. I sighed and laid back on my bed just to have my phone ring. It happened to be my mother. "Hello mother" I said "Hello Bella. I have a feeling you're not coming up," she said. I sighed "I will Mom, I've just been thinking of a lot of things lately. I know I haven't packed yet or anything and I need to get on it…" I said She giggled. "Just don't forget Bella. Christmas is in three days Bella and you need to be here, you promised," she said. "I know I know, now I need to go and get some things for New York. How cold is it there?" I asked "Single digits here, get something warm baby. Love you," she said. "Love you too," I said hanging up the phone. I stood up and grabbed my wallet from my night stand and walked out to the small kitchen grabbing my keys for my car and my room key. I had a single dorm room now since Edward left and started school in New York, I enjoyed the peace and quiet. I looked down the hall and saw Emmett and Rose hand in hand walking my way, I instantly had an idea. "Hey guys!" I said "Bellyboo!" Emmett said letting go of his girlfriend's hand and picking me up, just to spin me around in a hug "We just saw each other yesterday Emmett," I said giggling If you don't believe it, Emmett isn't my best friend, his girlfriend is. Rosalie and I met in our English 101 class on the first day of class, we instantly became friends. She helped me out during the hard times of my break-up, and I'm grateful for that. "What would you think of coming to New York with me?" I asked at random "For Christmas?" Rosalie asked "Yeah, Mom called me and told me she wanted me to come up….I don't want to go alone" I said I knew they would both easily agree with going to New York with me for Christmas since neither of them had any family left. Rosalie had lost her parents when she was a young girl from a car accident, she was never adopted and left at 18 with no family to worry about. Emmett was also a foster child but he was adopted though his adoptive parents died a few months after his 18th birthday and they didn't have any other children so he was also alone and then there's me...the one with a mother and 2 fathers, they weren't jealous. I've asked them and I know there not because as long as they have each other then they are good. "I'd love to spend Christmas with you bellyboo!" Emmett said grinning "Ya it'd be great, it's better than wasting our time here when we're supposed to be gone somewhere" Rose said "Thanks guys, I really appreciate it" I said ~the next day~ I was nervously tapping my foot on the floor as we were in the air because the pilot had told us it would be a small 10 minutes before we landed in New York. Rose put her hand on my leg "You'll be fine Bella, it's just your mother and her husband." She said "And my dad" I said Even though my parents are divorced they maintain a good friendship and I'm so glad for that. It means we get to spend big holidays together as a family. "Yes and your dad, and no one else. Don't be nervous. Now, is your mom picking us up or are we meeting her at her place?" she asked "We're meeting Mom at her place, I know where it is" I said "Okay," she said After the plane landed and we successfully got off of it I made my way to the luggage claim and grabbed my bag before smacking into someone "Oh sorry" I said looking up to see someone a girl actually "Oh no it's my fault, I snuck up on you. Kate Cullen and you are?" she asked It stung Cullen. "Belly Boo! Let's get going, I'm dying to meet your mom" Emmett said to me from a few feet away touching his wrist with one finger because I was taking a while "Sorry I have to go" I said standing up and walking off to Emmett and Rose I slipped on the coat and gloves I took out of my bag to have rose put her hand on my shoulder "You okay?" I asked "I'll tell you later" I said "Okay" I said When getting out to the rental cars, Emmett handed me the keys of one of them and I went on a journey of finding it. It was a truck, I could not drive a truck. "Do I get to drive now?" he asked grinning I handed him the paper to go to my mom's house and the keys before sliding in the back, only for Rosalie to slide in next to me. "Baby?" Emmett asked looking back at her confused why she wasn't in the passenger seat "Bella and I have to talk, if you hear something keep your mouth shut" she said "Yes baby" he said driving off with the truck We waited a bit before she spoke "What happened back at the airport?" she asked "Did you see that girl that I ran into after grabbing my bag?" I asked "Yeah I did, are you okay? You're not hurt right?" she asked I shook my head, I was hurt….emotionally. "Then what was it?" she asked "Her last name" I said Rosalie looked at me weird "Her last name was Cullen" I said "Oh" she said "And…and…if you looked at her hand closely she had a wedding ring on her finger. He….he moved on" I said "You don't know that Bella, he could have a brother" she said I shook my head "No, he only had Alice" I said "Bella you can't have this haunt you forever. The name shouldn't bother you anymore" she said I sighed deeply "Love you Rose" I said "I know Bella, I love you too" she said pulling me into a hug The truck came to a halt and I looked up to see my mother's house. I grinned and jumped out of the truck in seconds walking up to the garage, where I saw Phil rubbing his hands together as he was doing something "Phil!" I said "Bella!" he grinned He pulled me into a grand hug when I got close to him, "Who is this?" he asked gesturing to my friends "Phil this is my best friend Rosalie and her boyfriend Emmett. Guys this is my stepdad Phil" I said "It's nice to meet you Mr. Dwyer" Emmett said "None of that, its Phil to both of you" Phil said "Excuse my boyfriend Phil, he doesn't know much" Rosalie said Phil burst into fits of laughter "Your mother is in the house Bella, she said she needed to speak with you when you got here" Phil said I walked into the house and found my mother in the kitchen….though she was not alone. "Mom?" I asked quietly She turned around immediately and smiled "Hi baby" she said "You needed me?" I asked "I did but I don't anymore, I got