Title: Gains and Losses Pen name: RobstenLover93 Fandom: Twilight Pairing/Characters: Edward/Bella Rating: T Warnings: Swearing Disclaimer: I own nothing. Stephanie Meyer owns all the characters. Beta: Janee Banner by: Mina Rivera Summary: A story changed everything for a little girl, but can a story change a life that much? Isabella and Jacob's Black's story of love and hate changed everything. What did she gain, and what did she lose? Third Person POV The year was almost over, but the little girl's spirit was still in the air. She had loved the year of 2024 with a passion, and would never forget all the good moments she had that year. Today was her birthday, and she was excited to see what her parents had got her. She had just turned eleven and already couldn't wait until she was a teenager. "Here you go baby. I know you may not like it because it is so old fashioned but," the girl's mother said. The girl, Anna, ripped open her present and came face to face with a book, a paperback book. "Mom? What…what is this?" Anna asked. "It's a paperback book Anna. I wanted…well I wanted to see what you would think," her mother said. Anna flipped open the cover to see what the book was about. She was confused when it said just a few words. You will never know what this Is about until you read it. Based on a True Story "Have you read this mom?" Anna asked. "I have." Her aunt chirped from the couch. "Let me tell you the story sweetheart." Her mother said. Loves Gains and Losses Isabella POV "Oh he'll be back sweetheart. He just needed some air," I said, comforting my daughter. "Momma that's what you said when Uncle Em left Aunt Rose," my daughter, Lily, said. I didn't think she would understand why her father had left her, she was only nine years old. I, Isabella Black, had been yet again left by my awful husband. Jacob works on the road yes, but he goes out more and more lately and it pisses me off. It only pisses me off because…well, he usually tells me when he has to go out and lately he hasn't been telling me at all. Apparently he gets a call from his "boss" and he has to go back on the road. I suspect that he's cheating on me, but I've been way too afraid to confront him and ask him if he was cheating on me with someone he met on the road. My sister in law, well… ex sister in law told me that I'm just taking things out of proportion, but I don't think I am. "Baby…he just has to work," I said. I heard a knock on the door and I raised my eye brows. Who was to be here at this time? "I'll get it momma," Lily said, walking over to the door to open it. As Lily went to open the door, I started to brush my hand through my hair. I was really stressed out and didn't have time to brush through my hair before Jacob said he had to go. The next thing I heard was a squeal of excitement. Worried I rushed to the door. When I got to the door, I think my jaw dropped. "Hey darlin'," he grinned. "I thought you weren't coming home until May?" I asked "I'm not. I'm only here for a few days," he said. Lily had clung herself to him, and I wasn't shocked. She loves this man as much as I do. "Come on in. you can't stand out in the cold," I said. "I wouldn't want to disturb you and Jacob," he said. "Daddy's not here Eddie. He had to go to work," Lily said. My best friend, Edward 'Eddie' Masen, was deployed in the army. We've been best friends since our freshman year of high school. People were surprised when Edward and I didn't hook up and get married someday. I did think of how different my life would have been if Edward and I had been together, but I don't think about that now. I would have never cheated on Jacob, but…that was a lie. There was that one time when I betrayed my husband. The night Lillian, Lily, was conceived. I had been with Edward and Jacob that night. Being with Edward had been, being with Edward was amazing but an accident. That night had been the day before he was to leave to be deployed in Iraq, and he was nervous. I went to his apartment to confront him, and help him get over his fears. We weren't drunk and we knew what we were doing, we just chose to forget about it completely. It's amazing how he has lasted ten years in the army and hasn't been killed yet. "He went out again?" Edward asked. I nodded and led him into the house. Lily had let go of him and closed the door. Lily skipped to the living room and I went to follow before Edward grabbed my arm. "What's wrong?" he asked. "Why do you think something is wrong?" I asked. "Bella I've known you for a very long time. Tell me what's wrong," he said. "I," I said. "What?" he asked "Momma? Eddie? Are you coming?" Lily asked. "Just a minute pumpkin," Edward said. "Okay," Lily said. I looked over at my best friend and felt like I wanted to cry. "Now. Tell me what's wrong," he said. "I think Jacob is cheating on me," I said burying my face into his jacket as I started to cry. His body went stiff. "Edward?" I asked, wiping my eyes. "Why do you think that?" he asked. "He goes out so much more Edward. Do you remember when he only used to go out on trips once or twice a month when Lillian was a baby?" I asked. "I could never forget. Everytime we would talk you would cry about him going," he said. "Well now it's up to five to six times a month. Isn't that just a bit…crazy?" I asked. "Very. Did he ever say why?" he asked. "His "boss" called him in," I said, making air quotes over boss. "That's weird," he said. I nodded and we continued to walk into the living room. Lily was sitting there watching one of her kiddy shows. "I used to love that show pumpkin," Edward said, smiling at Lily. "Daddy says this show is so stupid Eddie. I always think he is wrong," Lily said. Edward looked over at me and squeezed my hand. I squeezed it back as I noticed her doing so much Edward had done when I knew him. I had done so much to forget but it wasn't happening as he did this. The hours passed. We talked and joked and did everything we could, just like I wish Jacob and I could do with Lily but it wasn't happening anymore, not with him gone so much. "I still have to go see my mom while I'm in town. It takes a while to get back," Edward said. I frowned, I wasn't ready for him to leave. "Can't you visit her tomorrow? I mean aren't you here for a day yet?" I asked. "Yes but," he said. "Stay the night Edward. You don't need to make such a long trip at this time of night," I said. "Alright," he said, smiling. I smiled and looked down to the floor where Lily was sleeping. She was curled up in a fetal position quietly snoring. "I think we should leave her there. If she wakes up she'll move to her bed," I said. "Do you want me to stay in the guest room?" he asked. "No. You can just stay with me. Like we haven't ever been in the same bed together," I said. I led him to my room and when I opened the door, well when I opened the door his lips had attacked mine with hunger. I eagerly kissed him back, ready to feel him again. "God I needed that," he hummed. I giggled. "I've missed you," I said. "I know. Tell me, how is she…how is she really?" he asked. "Depressed. She misses Jacob," I said. He rolled his eyes. "Scumbag," he said. "Be nice. He's the only father she's ever had," I said. "I would have been a ten times better father to her. That is if you would have told Jacob," he said. "You don't even know is she's yours. And didn't we promise not to talk of that night ever again?" I replied. "I can't help it Bella. But Bella…Bella you know she's not Jake's kid," he said. "I know. I just…I try to deny it," I said. "Why?" he asked. "I feel like I betrayed Jacob," I said. "And he's betraying you…right now," he said. "But this was ten years ago! That was at the beginning of my marriage and," I said. "Bella if you don't want to tell him, then well…don't," he said. "You never help me," I said. He breathed in my scent. "And you, me. I don't know how I'll be able to leave you again," he said. "Then don't," I said. "I do have to go back to Iraq Bella," he said. "Yes, but when you come back in May….you don't have to go back after May," I said. Before he could say another word, we heard a door slam. "Bella? Baby?" Oh hell! I mouthed 'closet' to Edward and he quietly began to creep into the closet. "I'm in our bedroom Jacob!" I said. I heard his stomping footsteps get closer and closer. I started to straighten up my clothes and make my lipstick look less smudged. When he came in the room, he looked like he was…irritated. "I thought you had to work?" I asked. "I did. I…uh…" he said. "Jake tell me," I said. "I can't do this anymore Bella," he said. My heart broke. What was he getting at? "Jake?" I replied. "I know Bella. I know what happened," he said. I looked at him confused. "Bella, don't deny it. Who's truck is that?" he asked. "It's Em's," I lied. "Bella don't lie to me! Emmett hasn't been around here since him and Rose's divorce," he snapped. "Jake…" I said. "Bella. I want a divorce," he said. My heart broke again, and I felt like I was going to crumble. "What, why?" I asked. "I…I don't feel anything for you anymore," he said. "Jake you can't do this! What about Lilian? What will she go through?" I replied. "I don't want her. You can have full custody for all I care Bella! I just don't want to be with you anymore," he said. He was breaking my heart. "Daddy?" I froze. What was Lillian doing awake? "Hey there sweet pea," Jacob said. "I thought you were working Daddy?" she asked. "I was sweet pea, but I needed to talk to your momma," Jacob said. "Did your boss give you permission?" she asked. "Lillian go to bed!" She pouted and stomped off to her room, I rolled my eyes at her. She had my attitude. I looked over to Jake and crossed my arms. "You were saying?" I asked. "I want a divorce," he said. "You had to come home to say just to tell me that? You couldn't just call me?" I asked. "I needed to get my stuff Bella! If I don't have to come back to this place I won't," he said. I was furious. "Well then get your stuff and leave! I don't want to ever see you again!" I snapped. He rolled his eyes and pushed past me to get to the closet. My eyes widened, I knew but I had forgotten, Edward was in the closet. When he opened the closet door and I looked in, I didn't see Edward. He was