Summary: She never once had a family-somewhere she belonged, she was always moved from one place to another. From one house to another, and another school to another school. Will she ever find where she belongs? Set in the 20th century. ONE-SHOT ~Year 1987~ Bella's POV I was back….back to this awful place. My home, my "adoptive" parents had given up on me, and sent me back to this awful orphanage. At 11 I've been through at least a 100 foster parents who had eventually given me up because I wasn't "what they wanted", so they called Mary and she came and picked me up and brought me back to the orphanage where I would sit and sit in the corner by myself as the "parents" looked at the other kids who would love to be with the right family. "Mama! Mama!" a little girl squealed pulling her mother towards another room It was adoption day, I've gone through hundreds of them…ever since I was a baby. Mary told me I was left on the steps in a box. My mother hadn't wanted me, I stayed there all night in the box while it was raining until Mary found me and brought me in. I never wanted to know my real mother, if she had wanted me I wouldn't be here right now. She probably has a new family now and more kids, brothers and sister that I would share blood with. "Who's this?" I heard someone ask "This is Bella, she's been in and out of adoptive families because they decided they didn't want her. She's not a handful. She's quiet and loves to read at her young age with whatever she can find in a small library" Mary said They didn't say much else and I knew it was yet another family who would want a better child. "We want her" a man said "That's great, let me go get the paperwork. Make friends with your new daughter Mrs. And Mr. Cullen" Mary said I lifted my head and look at the beautiful people standing at the door, the lady wasn't very tall, maybe a 5'6 height with auburn hair and the greenest green eyes. The man was a lot taller than the lady at a possible 6'3 with blonde hair and green eyes also. Why would those beautiful people want me? Plain old Bella? "Hi sweetie" the lady said kneeling down to my level I hid away from her curling up closer to the wall, I didn't like this. "She's scared Esme" the man said putting a hand on her shoulder The lady –Esme- frowned at her husband (I think?) and talked again. "Hi sweetie, I won't hurt you, you know what? I love you already and I barely even know you" she said That couldn't be possible, no, it couldn't no one loved me. I knew this for a fact. "You can't" I whispered "I can't what Bella?" she asked "Love me," I whispered again "Oh baby, I love you so much. You seem like the perfect daughter, you'll always be my favorite child" she said "No one loves me, you don't know me" I said "I do know you a bit, and I do love you Bella. Now let's get you to stand up and get going" she said standing and holding her hand out to me. I looked at it like it was foreign before taking her hand and standing up on my feet. I was up to her waist with my height, it made me blush and Esme giggle. "Don't worry sweetheart, I'm quite short for my age" she said I smiled at the lady and just….I knew that maybe I could have home for once, maybe this will be permanent. We walked out to the room where Mary was with my paperwork and she smiled at me, "Now before I let you sign these. Bella's been in a lot of foster homes lately and has been hurt when they've sent her back to us. She usually doesn't forget these things, I need to know if this girl with be safe in your home" she said "Of course! This girl is very precious to me already Mary, I love her already and I know this girl may deny that no one has ever loved her and no one ever will but I do. I love this girl like crazy Mary and if I sent her back to this place I'd beat myself up. Don't you think honey?" Esme said looking to her husband He nodded "She really does. We can't have kids, neither of us, so we've adopted children. Emmett is our only child at the moment, but Bella here, will be a great addition to our family" Carlisle said "I've heard this from a lot of families and she's ended up right back up here—"she said "Mary" I said quietly She looked over to me with a sour look on her face, I don't want her to do this again. She does this everytime I go somewhere new. "I'm sorry for the misunderstandings, sign here" she said passing them a paper Esme signed and Carlisle soon after "And here" she said pointing somewhere else They signed. After signing a few more papers and it taking forever she finally smiled. "She's yours for now. We'll be inspecting your home on surprise and we won't be giving you any warning" she said "Of course" Esme said turning to me She smiled at me, but I didn't smile back. I wanted to be happy but I never smiled at them because I knew that one day I would be back in this place, people hate me. Esme grabbed my hand and we walked out of the home to a car, a station wagon. It was an expensive car now days. I was put in the backseat and my seatbelt was put on before they got in the front, smiling. "You're going to love Forks Bella, and your new brother Emmett is 12. He's a really fun person" Esme said "What is forks?" I asked "It's the town we live in, we actually live outside of town but we live close to forks" she said "Where is….your son now?" I asked "He stayed over at a friend's house" she said "Oh" I said I had no friends, I probably would never have any friends. "Forks is a few hours away from here, so if you want to there's a blanket and a pillow and you can take a nap" Carlisle said "I'm okay" I said I don't know how long it was before I felt so tired that I used the things they had and slept in the back on their car. Bella's dream I sat in a room, waiting, patiently. " Bells it won't be too bad" Em said " You're not the one who will have to go through this if it's true Em" I said " Bella" he whined " Emmett enough!" I snapped at him " Sometimes I wonder if this is true or not, you've had a really bad attitude lately" he mumbled I smacked his arm and he burst into laughter. End of dream I woke with a start, and we were going through a town. It looked strange. "It's good to see you're awake again" Esme said smiling back at me "How long was I asleep?" I asked "Two hours or so, we just arrived in Forks. We should be home in a little, we just have to pick up Emmett" Esme said As she said that we pulled into a driveway where two boys stood playing basketball….it looked….weird. Carlisle got out of the car and Esme looked back to me. "Emmett is a very nice person but when it comes to his friends, he likes to keep things to himself Bella" she said "Okay" I said Carlisle was talking to some people why the boy who I suppose is Emmett was walking over to the car. He put his things in the back of the car and slid in the car and looked to me, "Hi I'm Emmett" he said holding out his hand I didn't say anything and just stared at his hand, "Emmett honey this is Bella, she's really shy" Esme said I looked down at blushed, she was so embarrassing already and I barely knew her. Emmett just laughed, "It's okay mom, she can't be the best out there" he said I didn't like that, I was so…not happy. "Emmett!" Esme scolded He just rolled his eyes and turned the other way in the car as Carlisle slipped into the car again. He drove off and I just wanted to cry, but I didn't show any weakness to this…boy. We pulled into another driveway a few moments later, I knew this would be my home for now, well that was until I went back to the home. Emmett jumped out of the car and Esme looked back at me, "Come on Bella, let me show you your new room" she said I slipped out of the car and took her hand as we walked into the house. Their house was….amazing. It was so high up and you could see the steps as they walked up to the other rooms in the house. It was so amazing, I would miss this place when I left. "We didn't know if we would be adopting legally a boy or a girl and how old they would be so we left the room neutral colors with a few dressers in there. We can get you a bed today" she said "Thank you" I said She just smiled and lead me up the stairs, there were so many! When we finally got off of the stairs (it felt like forever) she led me down the hall, "This is Emmett's room here, he usually spends time in here or outside" she said pointing to a closed door I think I'll leave him alone, "And this here is the powder room, Carlisle gets up at 5 for work and I usually take a shower after him. If you need to, you can take a shower whenever" she said "Thank you" I said nodding at her She grinned and walked over to another room, though this door she opened. The rooms in the colors were light yellows, and no bed, I had a very big feeling this is my room. "This is your room" she said I walked into the room, and saw no bed, some dressers and something with another door. "That's your closet" she said "Why do I have a dresser and a closet?" I asked She smiled and shook her head "The closet could be for things you shouldn't fold" she said "Of course" I said "Our room is right down the hall, if you ever need anything you can just ask, just knock first. Do you know how to get back downstairs?" she asked "I think I'll manage" I said She walked out of the room and I pulled my bag from my shoulder taking the few things of mine I had in it. There wasn't much, a book which Mary gave me, and some pictures of my old families. I don't know if I wanted to put those up or not, they never loved me anyways. Why did I keep all these pictures? It made me wonder. There were frames on the dressers already actually, so I grabbed one and went and looked through my pictures and found my favorite family so far. They were an amazing couple and they didn't have any other kids, they did love me, and if they wouldn't have died I would have stayed with them. I miss them….I really miss them. Can't life just be normal for me….for once? I sat by the window in the room just closing my eyes. I wanted this day to be over. It wasn't long before