Summary: It wasn't what anyone expected to happen in their future. Bella and Edward would have never expected to have another child….and gain a family member they only knew for a few hours. Bella's POV I was not prepared to have any more children, but I guess if that is what life wants for me then I will go along with it. "Pregnant? Bella!" Alice screeched "Doesn't your husband know to keep it in his pants?" Rose asked raising an eyebrow "Guys!" I said running my hand over my face "Bella you know….you know you shouldn't have this baby," Rose said "Rose!" I scolded "She may be right Bella, Scarlett is 13. She just got in high school; do you want to go through the baby stage, preschool, elementary school, friends, boys, MIDDLE SCHOOL, and then high school again? For this little baby?" Alice asked "Alice….Rose…." I replied "How did you get pregnant anyway? No, I do not want to hear when a man and women love each other story, I grew up with Edward and Emmett, I heard it a million times. What happened? How far along are you?" Alice asked "I think I'm around 9 weeks." I said " 9 weeks? How long have you known? I thought I was your best friend!" she said I shook my head "Sorry Alice, your my sister-in-law Lauren is my best friend, we're not teenagers anymore either Alice so don't pout" I said She pouted, just as if I knew she would and crossed her arms. "Does Edward know? " Rose asked "Of course he knows!" I said "What about your kids? Carter, Brandon and Scarlett?" she asked At 15, Carter had been dying to get into driver's ED but we just….we don't have the money right now, $300 for one session? Can you say EXPENSIVE? "What about cars? Have you thought when Carter turns 16 and still hasn't gone through drivers ED and doesn't have a car? Do you know how much those things cost now days?" Alice said "Alice! I am not going to abort this baby," I said "I wasn't thinking abortion…." She said "Alice! I am not giving this baby up for adoption, " I said "But why not? Are you ready for another baby?" she asked The door opened and Scarlett slipped in. Alice shut her mouth "What about a baby? Who's pregnant?" she asked getting right to the point "Nobody baby girl," Rose said lying "You're lying to me Aunt Rose, tell me who's pregnant. I'm not a little girl anymore," she said crossing her arms and putting her foot down "Scar go upstairs, no if ands or buts" I said "Mom that's not fair!" she said stomping her foot "Go" I said "Mom!" she whined "Scarlett goes upstairs, please," I said She stomped up the stairs just as Brandon came down the stairs. He was my 10-year-old baby, my youngest, well….maybe. "Hey Brandon" Alice said kissing his cheek He wiped away the kiss looking at her as if she was crazy "Scar said Mom's hiding something and she's mad," he said Alice looked over at me and frowned, "Bella tell him." She said "Tell me what?" he asked looking to me "Bella tell him, I know your stalling" Rose said I opened my mouth until the door opened and Edward appeared coming into the house and standing next to me. "What's going on?" he asked putting his arm around my shoulders and kissing my head "You have to tell them Edward," Alice said "Oh that " he said frowning I looked over at him; he had a frown on his face, "Dad tells me," Brandon said "Get your sister and brother," he said Brandon ran off to find his sister and brother. I buried my face in his arm, "I'm sorry," I said "Like I said when you got pregnant with Scarlett, it takes more than one person and I love you," he said kissing my head "I never knew my brother could be so sweet!" she said "Even after 14 years of marriage" I said Brandon appeared a minute later with Scarlett and Carter, Carter immediately sat on the couch. Scarlett sat on the other side of the couch with her arms crossed she wasn't very happy with us, "I know what's going, Mom and Dad—"Carter said "Carter keeps quiet," Edward said "Tell me! I'm dying here," Scarlett said "Mom's pregnant," Carter said "MOM'S WHAT?" she screamed "I'm pregnant Scar, I'm going to have a baby," I said "Why? Mom your oldest is TEN, why are you having another baby?" Scar asked "Scarlett! Do you really think that we meant for this to happen?" Edward asked "Are you really having another baby?" Brandon asked quietly "Brandon is you okay honey?" Alice asked "I'm fine," he said quietly He wasn't my baby anymore since we were having this new baby and he felt jealous. I just knew it since Scarlett felt the same way when we told her that we were pregnant with Brandon. "Honey there is no need to be jealous, I'll always love you," I said walking over to him and pulling him to me "I love you too Mom" he said hugging me back "You'll be fine honey, both your siblings have went through it and survived" Rose said kissing his hair ~a few weeks later~ "Drivers training?" Carter asked for the 10th time in 5 minutes "No" I said "Drivers training? Please?" he begged "Carter Logan Masen, NO!" I said "But you have the money! Please mom! Please!" he begged He never bothered to not call me Mom, according to him I've always been his Mom and no one else has, no matter if we share blood or not. "Honey right now is not the time," I said going to grab my coat "Dad!" He said running off In addition, he thought that Edward would give in better than I would. Edward's even more strict then me! "No Carter, now let go, we have to go" Edward said walking in the room "Told you!" I said "You two are no fair! I hate you!" he said stomping off The tears in my eyes didn't stop before Edward shushed me, "Shh you're okay baby, he doesn't hate you, he's just mad" Edward said "Are you sure? He doesn't hate me?" I cried "No baby he doesn't hate you, I love you and your fine," he said "I love you too," I said burying my face in his chest We left the house a few minutes later, hand in hand. He helped me into the Volvo before getting in himself and driving off. At 3 months pregnant, I was very emotional, no matter how much anyone tried to say I wasn't. "Edward?" I asked as he drove out of the driveway "Hmm?" he asked "Have you spoken to your mom in a while? You know there anniversary is coming up" I said "I know it is….I just don't want to invade her because….it was 30 years Bella, 30 years he cheated on my mother," He said "I know but she took it quite hard," I said "She'll be fine honey, we'll all be okay," he said "I love you so much Edward," I said "I know hun, I love you too," he said The doctor's office wasn't too far away from our house so it didn't take long before we got there. "I'll sign you in, go and sit," he said "Okay" I said I walked over to a seat next to this girl; she looked at least 21 years old and scared. She looked at me and then looked away immediately "Are you okay?" I asked putting a hand on her arm She flinched away from me and I saw a man walk up to her and glare at her since I talked to her. Oh, I know exactly what had happened; she's….she just like Angela. "Bella?" Edward asked coming up to me "I'm fine," I said "Kate Matthews?" the doctor said The girl next to me and the man with her immediately followed the doctor and I didn't see them anymore. "What's wrong?" Edward asked holding my hands in his "He's beating her," I said "How do you know that?" he asked "She flinched away from me, she had long sleeves on, its 80 degrees outside! Moreover, he….he just glared at her seeing that I spoke to her. She's just like Angela," I said "She'll be fine, you can't save everyone Bella," he said "I know…" I said sighing It wasn't much longer before my name was called and we walked back behind the nurse, when we go to the room, I could hear them. "You were supposed to give me a son, not a fucking little girl Katherine!" he hissed I flinched away from it, scared of what he had to say. "Shh you're okay," Edward said I buried my face in my hands just scared of the man, I hated him as much as I hated Angela's ex-husband, this man was abusive and I could hear it. "She'll be fine honey, she'll be fine," Edward said "Love you," I whispered "Love you too," he said kissing my head ~a few hours later~ I sat on the bed of my room just writing in my notebook, but I heard a strangled cry, a sob and I knew it wasn't from one of my three children. I got up from my spot on the bed and walked out to my kitchen and out to the door to see a girl, the girl I saw at the doctor's office sitting outside my home. "Kate?" I asked She jumped and looked around, "I….I'm sorry. I didn't think anyone lived here," she said getting up to leave The bad part of living in the woods "No Honey you can stay! I heard you…and that man. Your husband? Boyfriend?" I asked "He's my boyfriend, he's…." she said still sitting on the ground "Why don't you come inside and we can talk" I said holding out my hand to help her up After helping her up and walking into the house she sat on the couch and I sat across from her "Mom!" my daughter yelled running down the stairs She stopped when she saw the girl she doesn't know on the couch, "Mom…who's this?" she asked "This is Kate, she was sitting outside our door, scared, I saw her at the doctor's office today," I said "OH okay, I saw you were home and hadn't come down so I just wanted to say Hi" she aid "Hi baby," I said She grinned and walked out "How….how old is she?" Kate asked "She's 13. How old are you honey?" I asked "I'm…Uh….I'm 19" she said "Your still young" I sad "I got pregnant by accident, my boyfriend….he's…," she said with tears in her eyes "He's abusive isn't he honey?" I asked "Yeah" she cried "I'm sorry honey, if you need any support; any at all I'm here to help you. My best friend went through the same thing with her husband….ex-husband now," I said "Thank you—"she said "Bella" I said "Thank you Bella" she said Edward came in a minute later, and smiled at me. "Hello Kate" he said She looked at me scared, "Kate this is my husband Edward" I said "Hi" she said quietly He then looked at me concerned "She was at the door sitting there, I invited her in," I said "Oh." He said "Kate did you run away?" I asked "Yes" she whispered "If you would like, you can stay in the guest room," I said "Thank you," she said It wasn't long….wasn't long at all before she would trust us. ~3 months later~ She sat across from me, Kate. She was 20 years old now and 8 months pregnant. Her parents had abandoned her and we brought her into our family, protecting her from her abusive ex-boyfriend. Edward and