Chapter One The night was cool and clear, highlighting the moon as if in a silver frame. Winds from the north whispered in the trees, and the very first shoots of spring shuddered under a fresh coat of frost. Leaves from autumn past scuttled along the ground in the sharp gusts of wind that kicked in every now and then. The water flowing down from Henneth Anûn into the forbidden pool sounded too loud in the silence, and one could almost hear the plopping of the fish and other small creatures as they made their watery way through the depths of the pool. Or so it seemed to the silent man who stood watching it, his features caught up in a musing expression. He seemed unsure what to do with himself---as if he was not explicitly ordered to do anything, and yet he loathed to retire and rest. His hair was light chestnut in color, and it fell straight as an arrow to his shoulders, unbound by any cord or tie. His eyes were a deep, dark brown, moody and unsure, and his face bespoke of years of long experience in the wilderness. By simply looking at his taught muscles and the way he carried himself, one knew he had been a ranger and a military man for most of his life, which looked to have been about thirty years. On one side of his face a scar formed almost a complete circle, and he wore the look of a man who would be difficult to best in battle. As the breeze blew upon him once again, brushing hair into his eyes, he bowed his head and leaned heavily against the stone wall. His shoulders were tight with pent up emotion; anger, grief, excitement: it was impossible to tell. And as he fingered his bow, there came the sounds of light footfalls behind him. "Tirinion," a low voice called, "where art thou?" The man turned, smiling a little. "I am here, brother. What does thou want from me?" Another man, looking a startling amount like the first, stepped from the shadow and stood next to him. He too looked down at the water for a few minutes until he again spoke. "I wish to speak with thee," he said softly. Looking into his eyes, he laid a hand on his shoulder and asked, "Thee hath much to tell me, hast thou not?" Tirinion nodded. "Aye, Rochion." interrupting his words with a sigh, he went on: "I will tell thee whatever thou wishest." With a slight smile, Rochion led the way through the stone walls and both men disappeared as silently as they had come. Inside there was light and soft talking, and Tirinion and Rochion quickly found a fire to make themselves comfortable by. Both men sat, laying their weapons aside and doffing their gloves. Their cloaks they kept on; the bitter chill in the air penetrated even the stone walls of the cave. Rochion poured steaming liquid from a flask and handed a beaker to his brother, saying, "You must be chilled." Tirinion accepted the drink, though he said almost silently, "Someone should offer drink to the Lord Faramir." Rochion's face took on a pensive expression, and he nodded slowly as he poured himself a full goblet from the flask. Then, sitting back, he asked, "He is not well, thou sayest?" Tirinion shrugged. "As well as can be expected. He speaks of naught but battle plans and will not let the pain which burns in his eyes show through to his lips." Rochion nodded. "Aye," he simply said. He was silent again, moodily downing his drink. After a minute he leaned forward until he could look into his brother's eyes again, which were partially shrouded by Tirinion's hair. "Tell me what happened. Rumors are flying about the place, but I will believe naught but what thou tellest me." Tirinion wiped a hand across his forehead and looked up as another man approached. He had darker hair than either of the brothers, and his frame was more wiry and lithe. Tirinion hailed him heartily. "Greetings, Damrod. What news?" he asked. Damrod sat across from him, shaking his head and placing his hands over the fire. "Nothing, brothers from Belfalas. We have no clear orders yet, and the Captain keeps his own council tonight." He sent a searching look toward Tirinion, who sighed inaudibly. Rochion nodded. "I was just asking Tirinion to tell me of what happened whilst they were on patrol. I scarcely know what to believe." He leaned forward until he was just a few inches away from his brother's face. "Is what they say true? Is Boromir dead?" His words had been said in a whisper, but they still hung in the air between them like an unspeakable stench. Tirinion hesitated, and then very slowly he nodded his head. "I believe it is so. The Captain is---thee knowest how he has visions of these things---sure of it himself, and I do not distrust him." Damrod sat forward. "Tell me what happened. You were there; you saw everything. Was he dreaming?" Tirinion shook his head disgustedly. "Thinkest thou the Captain would let himself sleep whilst watching? Nay, it was no dream. If anything it was a...a vision." He paused, taking a long gulp of his drink, and then went on in a dreamy, halting manner. "We were moving up the west bank of the river when it happened. Hálas and I were behind, and Faramir and Mablung took the lead. We were just past the cleft in the river when suddenly the Captain stopped. I saw Mablung asking him what was the matter, but the Captain merely shook his head. He dropped his bow lifelessly, and as he stretched out his hands I saw there were tremors running through him. "Without further thought, he stepped toward the river and began making his way into the cold water. I called to him, asking him what he saw, but he did not answer me. I think perhaps he did not even hear me, for all his attention was focused on something in the river which none of us could see. Soon he was up to his waist in water, and his teeth were chattering with cold, yet he did not halt. He struggled fiercely against the current, but I feared it would drag him under. I called out again, but he still ignored me. "'Captain!' I called, beginning to wade in after him. I would have, had not Hálas stopped me. "'Let him be,' he whispered. 'He is seeing something.' "I frowned, but just then Captain Faramir held a hand out, almost pleadingly. I strained my eyes, and for a moment I thought I might have seen something---a large object, almost boat-like. But then I blinked and I saw nothing. Faramir touched what I could not see, and whispered several words I could not hear. Whatever it was seemed to be passing him, and he turned as it went by. He looked as if he was considering following it, but he held himself back. Then, with a strangled cry, the strength went out of him and the current would have taken him away had Mablung and I not jumped in after him and pulled him out. "Once on dry land again, we tried to warm him, as he was shaking like a leaf. I looked into his eyes, and what I saw there still scares me." Tirinion looked around at his rapt audience and said gently, "The Captain suffers more than we know, that is for sure." Rochion nodded mutely and gestured for his brother to go on. Tirinion took another swig of ale and resumed talking. "He kept saying his brother's name: 'Boromir,' he said, 'Why hast thou left me? Why hast thou forsaken me?' I asked him repeatedly what had happened, and he finally told me what he saw. A boat, he said. It was riding low in the water, and in it he discerned the face of his brother, Lord Boromir. About him were strewn weapons of foes that were doubtless slain by his hand, and on his breast lay his great sword. His face was ashen and still, and he did not draw breath. He was dead." Rochion and Damrod gasped, and Tirinion nodded. "After that he quickly gathered himself and, after several self-administered shakings, took charge again. He apologized for inhibiting us and drenching us, and without a word more he led the way back here." There was silence, and Tirinion finished the last dregs in his mug before wiping his mouth and settling back. Rochion shook his head dazedly. "Then Boromir is...dead," he murmured. Tirinion nodded. "I will not doubt the Captain. His visions have proved right on more than enough occasions. Though why he should—must—see these visions, I have no idea." Damrod swallowed roughly. "Boromir was a great man, and he will be sorely missed by us and our cause. And yet..." he stopped and looked down. "Yet I do not know why the Captain must go through this." Rochion nodded. "He has never been anything but a good leader. I do not know how we would have made it through many misadventures without his clear thinking and swift action. Not even Boromir, I would argue, could match him for leadership." Damrod laughed softly. "The garrison at Osgiliath would argue that point, I'll warrant. But I agree with you." Tirinion nodded. "'Tis a different kind of leadership. Faramir was always better suited to this pursuit, if what I have heard is correct. It requires more mental work, and less grit on the battlefield. We have a different way of life." Damrod turned to Rochion and nudged him. "What are you thinking of? Or is silence often your companion?" Rochion shook his head silently. "I was thinking of the day Boromir left for the legendary Rivendell, on which journey he doubtless died. Thee must remember---the day we joined forces to fight for Osgiliath." "Aye, the day we conquered the Mordor scum," Damrod answered. "What of it?" Rochion sighed. "What his father said to him...I still do not understand it. I was celebrating nearby, but once I overheard their conversation, I had no more joy that day. If my Captain was not celebrating, what right had I?" "What did the Steward say?" Tirinion asked curiously. "He told Faramir that but for him Osgiliath would not have been lost. That he had no right to say he had too few men. And when Faramir requested that he himself should seek out Rivendell, he told him it was---it was just a chance for Faramir, Captain of Gondor, to show his quality." Tirinion and Damrod shook their heads, and Damrod gritted his teeth in defiance. "Does anyone understand Lord Denethor's loathing of his son?" "Nay," Tirinion said, laughing without humor. "For there is no basis. And there never will be one." "Well one thing is certain: it does not make his job any easier to have a father and lord who is constantly picking out his faults." Rochion set his cup down and pulled hair out of his eyes. "And to see him walking around without eating or sleeping is simply madness. How long does he expect to last? How long does his father expect him to last?" Damrod snorted. "I neither know nor care. Has he not slept recently?" "I have not seen him close his eyes since he saw his brother---which was a full twenty-four hours ago," Tirinion said. "And he has not eaten since then." "Then we must see to it that he does," Damrod said quietly. "I for one will not have the Captain suffer because of his father or anyone else. He has, as you say, led us through many tight spots, and has been a good leader to us. When I was wounded in the skirmish last autumn, it was he himself that risked his own life to rescue me. When he was