A/N: A huge thanks to jenn582 for her encouragement when I was about to give up on this fic, AND also for being and absolute darling and checking this out for me. Ron was sure his head would split apart in two the way his veins were throbbing. He stomped his way up to Percy's old bedroom which she occupied now and opened the door with a mighty push. The wood banged against the wall with a loud crunching noise but the only reaction from the girl standing at the wardrobe was a momentary pause. She soon resumed her work of pulling out neat stacks of clothes and placing them carefully into an open bag sitting at the foot of her bed. "Do you need anything?" she asked in a tone almost bordering on indifference before she went back to the work at hand. "Where do you think you are going?" Despite his best to sound normal, he could feel his fury leaching into his words. But if Ron expected that to make Hermione pay him more attention, he was sorely mistaken. She continued stuffing the bag that, quite unsurprisingly actually, seemed to have a cavity much larger than its modest size indicated. "Australia," she replied composed, turning around a fraction to meet his eyes before going back to her packing. The fear and fury made him pause for a moment before he found his words- and his temper that he had been struggling to leash found him too. " Australia? " he barked incredulously. " Of course , I need to bring back my family, don't I?" Ron wasn't exactly sure when he had moved closer to her. Nor did he realise that he had turned her by the elbow, still holding her tightly in fact. That was until those brown eyes met his. He felt his anger dissipate a little but only to have panic replace it. "I'll come with you." "No, you won't. I can take care of myself." "No," he declared promptly as he let go of her hand, "You are not going alone." He grabbed the small pile from her hand and threw them back inside the wardrobe without a second glance before turning around to grab her shoulders. Hermione, however, pulled herself free just in time and glared hard at him before turning around and stacking the clothes neatly into a pile again. Ron struggled to keep his breathing steady. He needed to run away and sit alone by the pool till he managed a grip on himself. Every single time in the past weeks, when life became unbearable, he followed the same routine. It was sheer agony to absorb all that pain and accept the reality, so he took the easy route and escaped. Sitting alone by the pool, soaking in the silence helped only marginally because the memories were still so raw and fresh. But that way, at least he was not causing any trouble to the others- his family, Harry and Hermione. It was an exhausting task but all for the best, he knew. They needed him now he reminded himself over and over. He could always see to his wounds later. Of late, Ron had begun to realise that holding it all in wasn't possibly the best of ideas. The pain inside had only grown stronger over the weeks, raging and craving to be released and making it steadily harder for him to go on with his routine life. At times he felt like his actions and reactions had all become mechanical. But the worst part was that he didn't know how to let out the pain anymore. Also, it was incredibly hard to find words that explained how he felt about the whole situation. Not to forget, it would be absolutely wrong to trouble the others with his grief now that they were at least trying to build back the pieces. He couldn't do that to them. "If you are done interrupting me, Ron, I'd suggest you leave. I have a lot to-" This time, his grip was stronger. He faintly wondered if he was hurting her with the way his fingers pressed into her upper arms as he pulled her away from the wardrobe. But he let the thought slide because, for once he knew, Hermione was hurting him way more. "YOU ARE NOT GOING ANYWHERE!" he barked, shaking her slightly, not exactly sure if it was intentional or was it his uncontrollable rage and pain pouring out. He wanted to confess to her that she was the only one making him hold on to sanity. He wanted to apologise for not being the perfect boyfriend. He wanted to tell her that he was trying. However, just like always, the half-formed words died after a brief struggle to leave his lips. Why was it so hard to speak up nowadays? Hermione was fighting his hold and looking at him defiantly; he realised he needed some sort of explanation. Since his lips were doing a bad job with words, he decided to use them in the other way he knew of. "Let go-" Ron pulled her to his chest, wrapping an arm firmly around her waist as his lips crashed on hers cutting off her protest. He couldn't go slowly like he had been doing all these weeks- especially during the nights which he spent next to her, holding her in his arms as she struggled with her nightmares. For once, he couldn't be the caring, understanding boyfriend he was trying his best to be. The kiss was nothing but demanding. Ron forced himself to cut out all the pain and fear and just concentrate on the softness of her lips as he pulled them between his slightly chapped ones. He ran his tongue over her lower lip, tasting her and wondering once more, how Hermione managed to taste sweeter that chocolate. As his fingers moved into her curls to hold her in her place, his tongue delved into the warmth of her mouth, a small moan escaping him at the feeling of peace he found in being entwined with her like this. For the first time since their kiss during the battle, he allowed himself to feel rather than concentrate on being supportive. Most of their moments were shared during the nights when she struggled with the lingering effects of her nightmares, and it could be one of the reasons why it seemed like he was perpetually on his guard- even during their most intimate moments. He always had to ensure that she found the anchoring she needed from him, never allowing himself to fully lose control- except for those brief seconds during and after his body gave in and erupted inside her. It was only those moments when everything that was real and unpleasant in his life ceased to exist. Those brief minutes were his breathers, his lifelines. For once, Ron figured, he was taking something from her for himself- and it was hands moved into his hair, pulling at his strands and as her tongue grazed his, and a sensation stronger than his fears ran down his spine, causing him to suck her hard in return. Hermione gasped slightly into his mouth as his fingers pressed hard into the supple flesh of her bum, her breasts pressing delightfully onto his chest. He broke apart for a second to fill his lungs with some much-needed air before claiming her lips once again. His head felt lighter than it had in days, and he clung on to her like a dying man taking in the last gulps of air. He needed her; only Hermione could pull him out of the quicksand that was pulling him into his moment was short-lived though, as she not only broke the kiss but pressed her hand to his chest to push him away. The moment her body disengaged from his, it felt like all the pain and grief he had managed to push away rushed ahead to crash back onto him. So hard was the effect that it left him slightly disoriented. Hermione knew she was killing herself with what she was doing to him. But what choice did she have? She had been watching Ron disintegrate in front of her eyes for days now. But all her efforts to make him open up had failed. He was hurting but not letting anyone breach his walls. She could sense his reservations as he kissed her during those dark nights. He was way too understanding, and not just with her but all of them- his parents, Harry, Ginny, and most of all, George. It felt as if he was trying to be there for everyone and doing it with patience no one ever thought he had. But he never spoke of his pain- it was only visible in those eyes during a few rare moments when his guard fell, just moments before he walked away alone to the orchard. She had followed him a couple of times to the pool, and on those occasions, he was quick to suggest they get back to the house. It was as if he was craving to be alone. It hurt but she put up with it in the hope that he would begin healing. It was evident it wasn't working that way. She could see, as could everyone else, how his jokes were forced, how he was always around when someone needed him, how he was the first to run down the steps at every little noise- wand at the ready, flames in his eyes. Hermione could see what he was doing, but all their efforts to get him to talk resulted in him forcefully changing the topic, or walking away if she became too persistent. As advanced as magical healing was, she was forced to admit that it woefully lagged behind its Muggle counterpart as far as dealing with mental issues was concerned. There was only so much a Calming Drought could do, and the effects were just a stop-gap solutions. For someone as headstrong as Ron- who wasn't even ready to admit he was hurting, the normal remedies didn't work at all. As the sound of a fist hitting the old desk broke the uncomfortable silence of the room, she realised that his shell was finally breaking, and she knew she had to continue till she found the opening to pull him out of this despair. "Go away, Ron," she declared but only after she had turned away from him. Just a little more, love. Let it out - she added silently. There was a thud and she turned in time to see him collapsing down on his knees, large palms pressed over his face as his shoulders shook with his silent sobs. Hermione realised that, at that moment, she hated herself more than she hated Bellatrix Lestrange. Ron couldn't take it anymore. It was the War all over again. The helplessness reminded him of the dungeons of the Malfoy Manor, and the unimaginable fear in his heart as he pulled out her limp body from under the shattered chandelier. Slowly each of his nightmares came to life- the dead eyes of his brother staring unseeing at the ceiling of the Great Hall, the memory of each and every funeral they had attended in the past weeks, the blank eyes of children who had lost their parents, mothers who had lost their children, families that had been torn apart never to be complete again. Once again he felt their eyes boring into his soul through his battered skin, silently questioning why they had taken so long to finish Voldemort, why he had abandoned his friends. The sobs came hard but silent as he hunched onto the floor, shaking uncontrollably with all that he had been holding on for so long. He cried for his dead brother, guilt eating him for all the times his much younger self had silently wished for the twins to