A/N: Please Read (Apologies in advance for the lengthy note) TOTALLY AU. No Voldemort, no deaths (James, Lily and Sirius are all alive), just a tale of our favourite couple in the seventh year. Just your normal love story. This story is dedicated to the first ever Romione I read back in 2005 (or 2006?) on Checkmated. Sadly, it was neither completed nor do I remember its title or the author's name. In it, Hermione leaves the wizarding world after realising she is pregnant without even telling Ron the truth. Years later, when their child is of age to go to Hogwarts, she gets in touch with Harry to keep an eye on her daughter and not let her (or Ron) know the truth. The child finally goes to Hogwarts and sees the picture of a red-haired woman on her DADA teacher's (Harry's) desk and wrongly assumes him to be her father (she had red hair and freckles). Unfortunately, that is where the story was left and never completed, and I have never been able to track it back. So, if by any chance the Author of that fic is reading this, I wish to tell you, this story is dedicated to you. I hope you have finished the story and please send me the link, I still wish to read it. In all honesty, this plot(pregnant Hermione) is a little cliché now. There are so many of these, and in case you find this way too similar to anything you have read before, please let me know and I'll take it off. After spending years and years reading Romiones, one kind of loses track of all plots that one has read. This idea came to me and I had to pen it down. It is possible that I might have read this long back and forgotten, and my brain is playing tricks with me now. In that case, please let me know. I don't wish to pass someone else's story as my own and will humbly and apologetically take it down. If not, I will be way too happy to share it with you. This story will be 10 chapters long. The whole of it is all planned and ready and unless I take it off, I will post one chapter every week till it's done. I would obviously love to know what you guys think of it, so please keep those reviews coming. And thank you for reading! Characters are the sole property of J K Rowling. No copyright infringement intended. Chapter 1: Topsy-Turvy The old and dodgy looking back alley was quite possibly not the best place to Apparate to. A little bit of miscalculation and he would be standing at the dump, not the best thing to happen when he was going to meet the girl he had been secretly fancying all these years; especially not if the said girl was also one of his best friends and someone who was currently living in one of those uptown bungalows with her strict Muggle parents. Grinning to himself on noticing that he had, for once, managed to land exactly where he had intended, Ron quickened his pace but not before straightening his jacket and running a hand through his Apparition-messed up hair. It was quite possible that she wouldn't even notice, and he would never actually admit it to anyone (not even Harry) that he really put in an effort today to look dapper. The sad part was that this wasn't his first attempt but fifth to get her attention in some way in this past one month. Unfortunately, every time he coaxed himself to leave not-so-subtle hints and take it a little further, he usually chickened out the last minute. Brave little Gryffindor that he was, he thought morosely quickening his steps. Her place wasn't too far from here. A quick walk and he would be able to make it in six to seven minutes; his heart and feet both speeded up as a curious little bubble erupted in the chest region at the thought of seeing her after so long. One month, two weeks and one day, to be precise- since the day school had closed for their summer holidays post their Sixth Year, since the time she had walked off with her parents from the King's Cross station. Yes, he was counting. He passed a couple of florists debating internally if he ought to pick some flowers for her but chuckled to himself nervously at the thought. Hermione would think of him as an imposter if he did that, and more importantly, he didn't really have the extra money for such little wishes. Instinctively, he put his hand in his pocket feeling the few Sickles and Knuts that jingled around in the large empty space. At least, he would be able to afford to buy her a Butterbeer today and perhaps even an ice cream from the Fortescue's. That is what he had in mind since he signed up for doing odd jobs for the twins during the vacation. He did not prefer much to be their product tester, especially when he had to eat or drink dodgy looking stuff, but a man had to do something to earn a few extra Knuts. Hermione would never really mind paying for the two of them, and honestly, their friendship was way above petty monetary issues but that didn't mean he didn't wish to take her out at times, and buy her a drink or a book, perhaps? It was as if his ever eager feet had carried him faster than he had imagined, and he suddenly found himself at the Granger's lawn. He paused right away. The Grangers were not exactly anti- Wizards but they were not really as friendly as Harry's parents were. In fact, he had a feeling that they were a little uncomfortable with him, a tad bit more than they were with Harry, although he had no solid proof to back his assumptions. They were civil to him but not very warm on the rare occasions that he had come down to pick Hermione from her home. Ron sincerely hoped she would have told them about the party, and they would allow her to go. He wondered for a brief second if it would have been better to bring Harry along but shook off that idea right away. He wanted to do this alone. He wanted to stroll around the streets and take a Muggle bus or those underground trains or whatever they were called before they reached the party at Leaky Cauldron. He wanted some time alone with her, and hadn't Harry planned to go with Ginny, anyway? Perhaps. His head was too full of subtly suggesting in his owls if they could spend some extra time together and phrase it very casually at the same time to bother what others were planning. Realising that he had spent about five full minutes standing out on the lawn like an idiot, he quickly moved ahead, pulling the jacket once more and nervously rubbing the back of his neck which was sure to have turned red by now. On hindsight, he should have never allowed his Mum to have given him that short haircut, at least his longer locks had hidden his flaming neck each time she had come closer last year, but now that was a lost chance. Taking a quick deep breath, licking his lips and blowing out softly through his mouth, he pressed the small button on the side of the wall. The door opened a moment later, and he quickly arranged the goofy grin that had appeared on his face as he anticipated (hoped in fact) her running into his arms as she opened the door to find him. However, it was not Hermione but a much elder version of her who was at the other side. Dr Jane Granger looked at him with a polite smile that did not reach her eyes, and he mumbled an awkward greeting, mentally kicking himself for messing it up right at the start. "Ronald," she said softly and gestured him inside, closing the door behind him. "Um..." he stammered not quite sure what to say to her next. The Grangers made him a little uneasy. In all honesty, he was a little surprised (and extremely thankful) that they allowed Hermione to go to Hogwarts at all. "I don't know if Hermione has told you but we are expected at the Annual Gryffindor Bash tonight, and I'm here to pick her up," he added haltingly as she watched him curiously. "Yes, she did mention it," she replied leaving no doubts in his mind that she did not fancy letting her daughter party with her school friends who were obviously Magical. At times he wondered if McGonagall had threatened them with dire consequences if they did not allow Hermione to learn magic. He stood there wondering if he was supposed to remain standing or walk up to the living area or perhaps go to her room because the lady was obviously giving him a look over with serious contemplation in her eyes. Thankfully for him, Hermione chose that minute to come to his aid. He heard her before he saw her as she yelled from the top of the stairs. "Mum, is it Ron?" she inquired, looking pretty in a pale blue summer dress that swirled at her knees and showed off her shapely legs. Ron turned at the voice instinctively and the smile that he had hidden away made an appearance again, much broader this time. "Yes, he is, dear," replied the elderly witch stiffly. "And it's not good manners to yell so loudly," she added. "Sorry, Mum," Hermione replied biting her tongue and send a small glance and smile his way which was enough to make his stupid heart flutter a little more than before. "Hey there..." he added softly and she waved at him and tucked a loose curl behind her ear, definitely conscious about her appearance. He didn't know why she was so shy whenever she dressed like this, though; he thought she looked perfect and stunning. "I need to grab my coat and purse. And I have a few books to return to the Florish's Library. Mind coming upstairs for a bit?" she asked cautiously, and he could have literally levitated himself up the stairs out of sheer joy. But he remembered that Dr Jane Granger was still watching and chose to shrug his shoulders casually instead. "Yeah, sure," he replied and giving a brief nod to the lady who was watching them with a tiny hint of a frown, proceeded to climb up the stairs slowly, barely controlling the urge to run up and pull her into his arms (in a friendly way of course). "You look beautiful," he whispered as he got near and the two walked down the corridor towards her room. She met his eyes with a smile that made her cheeks go pink, and he somehow managed to hold back the maddening urge to kiss her right there. To hell will subtle messages, he was going insane about her. "You look good too," she smiled and his shoulders straightened up a little more. She noticed! "Did your Mum give you the haircut?" she asked softly. "Umm, yeah, you know how persistent she can get," he mumbled consciously, running his hand through the much shorter fringe at his temple. "It's nice," she added with another of those tiny smiles he wanted to keep for himself. Their eyes remained locked for a minute longer before she pushed open the door. "Hey, you ready to leave?" Ron turned with brows scrunched at the sound that was definitely not hers but coming from her room. Yes, there was definitely a male, a little older than them perhaps, sitting at her desk. An ugly green monster reared its head in his chest, and he glanced at the young