A/N: Thanks to all my readers who stuck with me through the mammoth project that was 'In Search of Hermione' and gave that story so much love. As promised, I bring you the sequel to it where Ron and Hermione finally begin their new journey. This story is marked as Angst only because there will be mentions of the post-War wizarding society. This story will neither be as lengthy nor as angsty as its predecessor. It's more of a Romance with lemons. A special shoutout to jenn582 for reading the first draft and giving me the necessary moral boost I needed when I was conflicted about this fic. Chapter 1: Lingering Nightmares It began with a twitch like always- a shiver at the tip of her fingers which spread to her arms and then to the rest of her body. She tried shaking off the dread but it was slowly creeping its way into her heart. There was a faint whisper at the back of her mind- something familiar, hopeful in fact, but it was way too far off to be heard clearly. Her legs carried her over the gravelled pathway, and she walked almost in a haze till the nauseatingly familiar, large building materialised in front of her eyes. And then someone screamed- a loud blood-curdling sound that broke out through the walls of Malfoy Manor and percolated through her skin. She couldn't hear herself cry although she was pretty sure she tried, or perhaps it blended with Ron's screams? Hermione didn't know for sure but she ran as fast as her legs would carry her. She faintly registered rushing past the fountain on the left and towards the large main door, all the while yelling for him. She had barely reached the steps when suddenly, everything fell silent - Ron's voice was cut off mid-scream, and this time, Hermione heard her own heart-wrenching cry. It drowned the voice at the back of her head which was still desperately calling out to her. ... "HERMIONE? HERMIONE! WAKE UP!" he cried, patting her cheeks with his free hand while the other pulled her quivering body to his chest. He was just about to cast the Rennervating spell when there was furious banging on the wood followed by loud swearing. Harry's spell caused the old door to jerk open and collide loudly against the wall. "Fuck!" swore his best mate noticing the scene on the bed, and Ron ignored him to cast the spell on Hermione instead. Her body stilled instantly, and for a minute, he could hardly breathe as her limp body collapsed in his arms. Then after what felt like a lifetime of agonising minutes, she finally opened her eyes. He swore loudly and gulped in two mouthfuls of air before dropping his wand next to him and wrapping her more firmly in his embrace, kissing her frantically on the face and neck. "Stop scaring us like this, Hermione," quaked Harry, and Ron lifted his head to notice his mate collapse down on the ground, draw in his knees and drop his head between them. "Not that she can help it, mate," he snapped while rubbing her back with his palm. "I know," Harry sighed. "I'm sorry." "No, Harry, I am sorry," Hermione whispered as she shifted a little in Ron's arms, but only to allow herself to face Harry when she spoke to him. "Did you take the potion?" inquired Ron as he tucked her curls away from her face, wiping the beads of sweat that covered her forehead with his palm. She looked away guiltily with a small shake of her head. "I've been taking it for three months now, Ron. Since... since our escape from the Manor... Continuous usage can lead to other side effects... like hallucinations and insanity," she finished in a small voice. Ron could hear Harry fidget in the background but chose to ignore him and took her hand in his larger one. "When did you take it the last time?" he asked instead. "Two days ago," "And?" "And- I think..." she licked her lips and eyed Harry who scrambled to his feet ungracefully. "Erm... I guess I'll leave. Call if you guys need anything." he muttered, and with a small nod at Ron's direction, walked out of the room, closing the door behind him. Ron glanced once at the couple of candles that shone from the bracket; their flames flickered as the door shut but the Charm in them kept them burning. He placed his hand gently to her chin and tilted her face towards him. "What?" he asked softly while looking at those brown pools. He hated that she was still hurting so much, hated that Magical healing had so little to ease a psychological distress as severe as hers. But most of all, he hated that he had no clue what more he could do to help. "I wanted to try sleeping without them," she confessed, "and it worked for two days but-", she stopped and bit her lip in frustration like she was prone to doing when an answer evaded her. "Somethin' happened today? Something that, Oh! Bloody– fuck." he pulled away his hand to run it through his hair. "It's 'bout my training, innit?" he exhaled. This time Hermione pulled his hand in hers and snuggled closer to his chest, grabbing the thin cloth of his vest in between her fingers. "I know I'm making it hard for you, Ron, but- " he felt her snuggling deeper and wrapped his arms more firmly around her waist, "-but I'm so scared!" she cried into his chest. Ron pulled her completely onto his lap this time and let out a grunt as her legs wrapped around his waist. Placing his palm at the base of her neck he pulled away slightly to make her meet his eyes. "It's gonna sound sappy as hell but, nothin's gonna keep me away from you, you know that, right?" She chuckled slightly through her tears and shook her head before resting it on his shoulders. "What do I do with my fears, Ron? The thought of not knowing where you are-" She shuddered and wrapped her arms more firmly around him. "I keep dreaming about the Manor. I..." she gulped and took a deep breath before continuing, "We don't even know how many Death Eaters escaped, Ron. You know they'll target you both first." Ron rested his chin on top of her head before pressing a kiss on the mass of curls. The familiar fragrance of her hair sent a pleasant shiver down his spine but 'twas more than just that. He could feel her breathing ease and wondered if he'd be at peace not being with her when she needed him this way. "Do you want me to drop out of the program?" he asked quietly and she met his eyes, searching and with such an insane amount of love that even the thought of giving up on his childhood dreams didn't seem half bad. Hermione placed her palms on his cheeks and traced his jawline with her fingers, her eyes never leaving his. Ron reckoned he was holding his breath for her answer. But he also realised that he'd end up leaving the Auror program if Hermione needed him to. Her gaze fell away from his eyes to rest briefly on his lips before she met his eyes again. Ron inched closer on instinct. His nose brushed her smaller one before his lips found their true place- over hers, and a soft sigh escaped him. It was barely a touch before he pulled away and then wrapping one arm firmly around her waist and entangling the other in her mass of wild curls, he claimed her lips again. Peace was what he found in her. His lip captured her lower lip and sucked gently and she returned the blissful gesture in kind by pulling his upper lip in between hers; and just like that, everything else around them seemed to dissolve. All he felt was her body close to his, and that was all he needed anyway. Her taste flooded his senses, her fragrance wrapped around him bringing a kind of serenity that was still so elusive after the war. He could bear it no longer and deepened the kiss. His desperate tongue delved into her mouth and she moaned softly as it found hers. Her nails dug into his shoulders in a pleasant way while her breasts pressed onto his chest and he practically ached to remove the barriers of clothing and feel her skin against his. He craved to be pulled in by her, claimed by her. His hard member rubbed against her flimsy shorts, eager to be released from its confines and find itself wrapped in her warmth instead. He barely controlled the urge to thrust and pulled away, reluctant but while he still had the strength to do so. "I'll leave it if it makes you feel any better." he confessed and she let out a tiny cry and wrapped her arms around his neck again. "I can't let you do that, Ron. It's what you've always wanted." He pressed a kiss on her nape and she shuddered a little. His member protested inside his pyjamas by pressing into her shorts-covered core. She moaned harder before biting down softly on his shoulder. They'd do better sleeping naked as he had suggested weeks ago. But this way, they were able to snatch a few more precious seconds before she Disapparated back to the Burrow and into his room. But he'd have liked to keep her with him, every second of his life, only if she wasn't so worried about offending his parents... The pull between them was intense. Ron had no clue how he had even managed to hold on for so long during his sixth and seventh year. No wonder he was always barking mad at her. "Tell me what you want," he urged holding her firmly against him. She pulled away to look into his eyes again. There was anguish in those brown orbs but this time it also held determination, as if she had finally found her answers. Her palm slid down to rest on his chest and she smiled a little before she spoke, a little sad but a proud one. "It'll be very selfish of me to hold back this Gryffindor," she replied poking gently at his chest with her finger. "He needs to be out there fighting, doesn't he?" she asked looking into his eyes. He smiled and nodded a little before pressing his forehead to hers. "But I'll stay back if you need me to. You know you matter more to me than everything else, including this Auror Program." Hermione traced her finger gently over his lips and watched them curiously as she spoke. "I know. You've proved that many times over, Ron." She exhaled and bit her lower lip before dropping her hand and fidgeted with a loose thread on his vest before speaking again. But this time, her voice didn't quiver. It had the strength of a girl who had come a long way from her privileged roots in these two of years; a girl who was scared, bruised and still hurting, but hardened by war nevertheless. "Go, do what you Gryffindors do best, Ron. But bear in mind, you hurt yourself or worse, and you'll have to face the wrath of a nasty Slytherin when you get back." He laughed aloud this time and claimed her lips again. "Come on, I have my own personal Healer-in-making to patch me up!" he chuckled before biting her earlobe gently. "I love you, you know that woman?" he gruffed in a husky whisper at her nape and she squealed softly as his lips found a ticklish spot. "And now, it's time to show you what other stuff we Gryffindors do best." Her laughter turned into a shocked gasp and then a moan