Author Notes: This story was nominated under the Most Intriguing Plot category in Romione Awards,2015 . And this year too it has received two nominations, Best Multi-Chapter Fic and Most Intriguing Plot in the Romione Awards,2016 on Tumblr . Heartfelt thanks to the reader(s) who submitted this story for the Award. Edit: In Search of Hermione won all the categories it was nominated under and was announced the Best Overall Fic 2016. Heartfelt thanks to all my readers who read and voted for this story. Thank you all so much! ... Please take the time to read Timeline: This story begins after the fight at the Department of Mysteries and Sirius's death, just at the beginning of their summer holidays before their Sixth Year. At the beginning of this story Dumbledore is still alive, and so is Snape and everyone else who died in the final War. Disclaimer: This story is strictly AU. And I completely understand that quite a few scenarios appearing here could not have happened in our beloved series. The characters will be different from their original selves. It's rated M not only because of some serious smut but also because I will be experimenting with the darker aspects of human nature in this story. Variation from Canon: * Hermione belongs to an elite Pureblood family, and after a much internal debate by the Sorting hat between Ravenclaw and Slytherin has been sorted into the later. Although she will retain most of her canon characteristics like being brilliant and bookish, she will also display some very aristocratic, Pureblood, snobbish traits true to her house. * Ron's will not exactly be OOC, but his Sixth-year self will be more mature/broody than in the books and the reason will come to light in due course. * For all the Trio's feats that have included Hermione's brilliance from year 1-5, Luna (still a Ravenclaw) will have done those, from solving the logical puzzle while saving the Sorcerer's Stone to brewing the polyjuice, from finding out about the basilisk to saving Sirius with the time-turner. Let's forget the getting petrified part shall we please? Just assume they managed without Hermione somehow (I've told you it's AU remember?). In short, please expect people and situations to be different from as they are in the books. All Characters belong to JKR. EDIT: I am editing the whole story for errors now, one chapter at a time. As I finish editing a chapter, the title will be underlined, so you know. (Not having a beta sucks big time!) Chapter 1: The Unwanted Task The door banged shut, not very lightly either, as Ron entered the kitchen holding a Quaffle under his arms, his flaming hair windswept, sweat soaked t-shirt sticking onto his chest. Molly turned around from the oven to glance at her youngest son, and with her brows furrowed in concern, went back to opening a packet of sausages and dropping them onto the sizzling hot pan. The sound of a chair scraping sounded behind her and she spoke without taking her eyes off the food. "You are not sitting at the breakfast table like that, Ron." "Mum- " he grumbled, and for a brief minute, she wondered when his voice had deepened so much. "I said, no, " she responded sternly, he was still her boy after all. "Go, take a shower and then you may have breakfast," she instructed, her tone softening ever so slightly this time. It had been a few weeks since Sirius had died, and though she did not approve of the stunt the kids had pulled by going to the Ministry by themselves, she couldn't help feel saddened about how much they had been forced to grow up at such a young age. She heard him grumble inaudibly for a second and then push back the chair roughly before he stomped his ever growing feet on the staircase as he went up. Any other day and she would have called him back and lectured him about proper behaviour but she could not bring herself to do it anymore. Their most recent loss was still hanging heavy over all of them, and Ron looked particularly forlorn ever since he had got back from school. Her instinct had immediately been to sit with him for a talk, but Arthur had held her back. "He is growing up Molly. Let him deal with it himself," he had said. She wasn't exactly convinced and had still made a couple of unsuccessful attempts before grudgingly accepting defeat, and agreeing to heed to her husband's words. At least, Harry was arriving later that night with Dumbledore, she hoped the two boys getting together would help them both. Pulling away from her thoughts, she got busy with the eggs and the toasts as the rest of the family slowly stumbled down the stairs for the first meal of the day. ... "An Order meeting at the Grimmauld Place?" he asked, lifting himself up to rest on his side. His furrowed brows hid under his fringe as he eyed his best friend, who was sitting on the spare bed untying his shoe lace, having had arrived an hour back. "Yeah..." replied Harry solemnly, and Ron could pick up the reluctance in his voice. "I thought we were avoiding the place after, you know, Kreacher," he said uncomfortably. Harry hadn't mentioned Sirius's death but the despair of the unfortunate event still hung in the very aura of his person. "Dumbledore has personally reset and strengthened the wards, and he made me question Kreacher to see if he has disclosed anything. Apparently, he kept quiet about this one thing at least. I had to order him to keep mum about everything that happens or has happened there, " he said, his bitterness for the mangy old elf evident in every word. Ron eyed his best mate and dropped back on the bed. "What now mate?" he asked softly, watching the Chudley Canon players zoom in and out in the frayed poster overhead and hearing Harry shuffle and adjust himself in his bed. "Dumbledore said he'll give me some lessons this year and... I don't know..." Harry answered back. "Private lessons with Dumbledore, bloody awesome," he replied eagerly, hoping to cheer his best mate up with his enthusiasm. It really was a choice many would kill for. "Yeah, I guess," replied Harry but without much cheer. The boys remained silent for a long time as the candle flickered and eventually died down. "Ron?" Harry said after a long while. He had almost forgotten he wasn't alone. "Yeah?" "What's wrong?" Harry could almost sense Ron stalling as he fidgeted in the bed which creaked under his weight. "I am not sure what you are talking about mate," he responded eventually, hidden in the darkness of the room. Harry took in a deep breath contemplating whether to confront him or not. After a while, he turned to his side to face the other bed. "I know something happened before we left for the Ministry that day, Ron," he said hoping Ron would not feign sleep. "I'd have to be blind not to notice how you changed within a few days from being the happy carefree Ron I knew to this, " he indicated towards his best mate, just about making out his hand; the night seemed unnaturally dark. "I thought you were busy with You-Know-Who. I didn't realise you were crushing on me instead," Ron replied in mock seriousness and then let out a small laugh. A smile found his way to Harry's lips easily, and he found himself unsuccessful of cutting down the chuckle that escaped him. "Crushing on you?" he said mimicking the sound of puking for effect. "Who am I, Lavender Brown?" he asked feeling suddenly better by being a part of something that was more natural for his age. "Lav-Lavender Brown? Where did she come from?" "Oh come on, Ron!" he grinned easily this time, "She has been eyeing you all year! Even I noticed it!" "Woah... I never knew... I guess..." he stammered, his voice much less playful now than before. He paused and sucked in a deep breath. "Hang on! How do you know she has been eyeing me? Does that mean you 've been watching her too? Apart from Cho, I mean? Blimey mate, how many are you eyeing simultaneously?!" he laughed aloud, "Well, you might give it a try. At least she won't cry if you snog her," he added chortling. "Very funny, Ron," replied Harry in a false hurt tone before he too burst out laughing. It felt good, a small light in his dark life, perhaps, but something he desperately needed after Sirius. The moon set over the horizon as the sound of their laughter broke the silence of the night. The next evening found the members of the Order of Phoenix gathered around the table in the dining area of the old Black House. Waiting for their leader, the group sat together discussing and updating each other on the Orders plans while Harry stood apart. "You okay there?" asked Ron softly, and as Harry turned around, he was handed a bottle. "Firewhiskey disguised as butter beer. George got it. Drink it up," whispered the ginger softly, eying his mother who was sitting at the far end with Tonks. Harry took a gulp and let the fiery liquid numb his senses for a while. "Thanks," he muttered looking at Ron who raised his own bottle of real butterbeer and took a sip. "Thought you might need it," he said wiping his lips with the back of his sleeves. "Yeah..." "What is all this about?" asked Ron taking a look around the room. "I thought they wouldn't allow us in the meetings." "No clue. But I guess something is happening. Dumbledore specifically asked the two of us to be present today." The two best friends looked at each other, each completely clueless as the other when a knock suddenly sounded from the main door. .. The door to the kitchen opened, and Dumbledore appeared followed by Kingsley and Lupin. Just before the Auror turned and shut the door behind him, Ron could distinctly make out another figure cross the corridor outside. Before he could so much as turn around and whisper it to Harry, however, Dumbledore's eyes met his over the old wizard's half-moon glasses, and to Ron's immense surprise, he found a hint of a smile in that bearded face. For reasons unknown to himself, he kept quiet, waiting for Dumbledore to speak. A hurried shuffling of chairs and papers ensured, and the wizards and witches all settled down quickly to take their places as Dumbledore took the chair at the head of the table. Ron found himself squeezed between Harry and Lupin, and just like everybody else, he watched the headmaster curiously. His mother was sitting a few places ahead and he could just make out her frown as she eyed them- two under-aged boys in a group of older and more experienced Order members. "Kingsley?" gestured Dumbledore, and the dark-skinned wizard nodded once before turning towards the anxious group of onlookers. "We have called this urgent meeting because something important has happened yesterday, something that the Ministry and the Prophet wish to keep under the wraps," stated Kingsley in that characteristic deep voice of his. The door opened again and this time, Snape entered and took a vacant seat between Arthur and Kingsley. Ron was left wondering why the Potions master had come in late since it was obvious from what he had seen that the man had come along with Dumbledore minutes earlier. He turned around and watched Harry furrow his brows apparently thinking the same as there had been no sound of the main door this time around. Harry looked took a few steadying breaths as he watched Snape walk casually into Sirius' house. All the pain he had been struggling to keep within him was