A/N: Wrote this story for the wonderful wildegreenlight on Tumblr for Romione Secret Santa 2016. I really hope you all like this slightly belated Christmas fic. A CHRISTMAS WISH Let's go,' he whispered in Hermione's ears as they sat along with the ever growing Weasley clan in the Burrow's living room. 'Not yet, Ron!' she muttered back quickly and laughed along with the little group she was chatting with. Ron wondered if she even knew what she was laughing at. For the past few blissful minutes, he had been busy caressing her back, his large palm snuggled inside her warm blouse and tracing random patterns on her soft skin. On hindsight, he was glad about the crowd and was happy that the shadows cast by the many family members gathered in the room overpowered the light emitted by the fire in the fireplace. That he sat on the old, rickety couch next to her, and hidden in the shadows while taking casually to his brothers and best mate only made it easier. No one would suspect anything. Well, no one apart from his noisy little sister who, he was sure was taking note of his and Hermione's reactions. But not even Ginny could bother him today: he was way too excited to care. Ron enjoyed these little stolen moments with Hermione. It reminded him of the time when they had begun dating just after the war. Hermione was particularly conscious when it came to displays of affection in front of his parents, and he often resorted to sneaking around to get a snog just to annoy her. It was also his way of dealing with all the war scars, but whatever be the reason, he loved those moments. He would always regret that he had waited and wasted all those school years which could have been so much better with stolen kisses behind tapestries and dark corridors (and yes, the library, of course). He pulled himself out of the blissful dreams and shook his head trying to get back to whatever George was saying. "Um, no?" he said hoping with all his might that it was a correct response. "No?! So you are not taking Hermione to Greece this summer?" He paled. Pulling out his hand, he scratched his neck. "Of course I am! She is had been waiting for that trip all her life," he provided quickly. "I just thought you asked if we were leaving the kids behind." All his brothers and that git he called brother-in-law cum best mate stared at him like he had grown an extra pair of heads. "Five Galleons on Ron," declared Charlie and George shook his head. "Too late, the results are almost obvious now. Told you Percy was a wrong bet." "You guys are betting on me, again?" he asked incredulously, and they ignored him, bickering about rebidding amongst themselves. He huffed, annoyed, and after a while, leant a little on his wife who stretched resting her back on his chest. With all irritation from a moment ago dissolving easily, he went back to his thoughts. He specifically cherished the way she blushed profusely after those hidden escapades. His wife was more comfortable now of course, but she still refrained from snogging him in front of their parents or most of their friends, for that matter. And while at home, two curious and adorable interrupting brats kept them occupied most of the time. Needless to say, he had fallen into his old habit of stealing moments with her easily and eagerly. That was also the precise reason why he wanted to get home tonight. His mum had started this new ritual when Victorie had been five, and since then, every Christmas Eve, she would have all her grandchildren at the Burrow to kip for the night. The rest of the family came down next morning to open all their presents together under the giant Christmas tree they set up in the living room. They all knew it was her way of filling up the gaping hole left behind by Fred, one that could never be filled. Ron thought, he now realised quite well the sigh of relief and eagerness shared by his eldest brother and his wife the first time his Mum had expressed her wish. Being the parents of two toddlers had effectively cut down his snuggling time. A cuddle with Hermione often turned into a family tumble on the couch. He loved it, obviously, but he did miss those lazy afternoons which he used to spend with her. And as far as shagging was concerned, he was worried that soon he might even forget all the 'how to's of the act. Hermione, however, had had a laughing fit when he had confessed his fears. Once she had settled down, she had assured him (while wiping off her tears of mirth) that no matter how many things he forgot in life, lovemaking would never be one of them. He had let out a huge sigh of relief. But five-year-old Rose and three-year-old Hugo seemed to be hell bent on testing him. He was sure that the kids, especially his son, had some sort of Seer vision: one that enabled him to cut all further claims on his parents' affections at the root. So, most if not all his attempts of shagging his wife were adorably interrupted by a cherubic face and big round teary eyes. How could Hermione ever ignore that face? Heck, how could he ignore that face?! But today would be his day, more specifically his night. He didn't care that his brothers were all betting on him to leave before everyone else. He casually wrapped his arm around Hermione's waist before inconspicuously sneaking it inside her blouse once more. With the Weasley jumper and jacket, she wore over it, not to forget the darkness, no one would notice. 'Please," he whispered hoarsely at her nape while gently flicking the bra strap underneath her cups and grinned to himself as she drew in a sharp breath and hid it with a small cough. Her response, or rather the usual admonishment he expected from her, didn't follow and he knew he was getting close to winning. To make things even more in his favour, he lowered his hand and casually placed his fingers at the waistband of her jeans. Hermione squirmed in her seat and he laughed along with Harry, to what, he wasn't very sure. The dinner was already over and he couldn't wait to get home and get his wife to himself. Hugo, now three, had been too young for a night away from his Mum so far, but this year, he was eager to be a part of the comparatively new Weasley tradition. Ron, though he would never accept it in front of Hermione, couldn't wait to have the house to himself. This was the Christmas gift he was looking forward to the most. And, he couldn't wait to see her in the little black thing he had brought for her. It was his turn to squirm as he imagined her in that negligee. His pants grew a little tight at the image and he pushed those delicious thoughts away, albeit a little grudgingly. He glanced around at his brothers and their families. It was a known fact that each pair was eager to go home and start their own little celebration, but no one wanted to be the first to leave and be the butt of the jokes during their Christmas dinner. They even placed bets on it, buggers. He never did. For once, he agreed with his wife. As Hermione said, it was too immature. It was just a dumb coincidence that they were usually the first to leave anyway, followed by Harry and Ginny. But that was before Rose had been born, he thought with a sigh. He had to admit it used to be fun when Harry would make stupid excuses till Ginny simply pulled him away. And last year, Percy gave the dumbest possible reason - 'to work on some official papers' he had said. It was priceless. They had nicknamed shagging as 'working on official papers' for the better part of the year. For the last five years, Charlie and even Percy had been more reliable bets, better than him. He looked around just in time to notice Harry and George share a smirk. The two buggers were waiting for him to get up first. Wait! Was he that fucking obvious?! He looked at Hermione and that was the precise moment when she casually placed her hand on his thighs. Fuck. To hell with the stupid bet, he was leaving. He picked himself up almost casually and stretched while stifling a pretend yawn. Harry snickered next to him, not even bothering to hide it. He glared at his best mate and noticed with utter surprise as Percy looked at him exasperatedly over his glasses, shook his head, and then, flipped out a few Sickles and passed them on to George. He chose to get back to this later. "Hermione?" he called softly. She looked at him, and after only a second's hesitation left her seat. He smiled to himself as he watched her. Well, for those blissful moments were soon to follow he was ready to take all the teasing that would come tomorrow. "Rose, Hugo?" she called, and the two left the games they were playing to run promptly towards them. She hugged and kissed them both goodnight and he did the same. He really adored their kids. For a minute, when two little pairs of arms held him around his neck and those beautiful faces pressed into his chest, he almost felt guilty for wanting that alone time with Hermione. "Come on, love, we've got the story time coming," called his Mum, and the two sprinted away from him. It was a quick set of goodbyes before he grabbed their travelling cloaks and pulled Hermione out of the door, amidst a lot of money changing hands, he knew for sure. There was no point putting on an extra pair of clothing when all would be discarded soon. So, without bothering to pull on their travelling cloaks, he simply wrapped a firm hand around his wife's waist drawing her into his warmth. He eagerly Apparated them away from the snow cover grounds into the warmth of their flat. …... His lips were on hers as soon as their feet hit the floor and her eyes fluttered shut at the long-awaited bliss. The cloaks dropped off Ron's hand to pool at their feet and they lost their jackets even without conscious thought as they fumbled to get their footing, unwilling still to break the kiss. Ron had pulled her closer (was that was even possible?), and her arms easily went around his neck mentally thanking the heels that added a few necessary inches to her height to match his. His hands were back inside her jumper and her top reclaiming their position which they had occupied for the better part of the evening, and she pressed deeper into the kiss, threading her fingers into his hair and cherishing the soft moan that escaped his lips. "Kitchen?" she grinned when they finally broke apart for air. "And why not?" he replied in a husky whisper. That voice still rendered her weak at her knees like it did years ago. She smiled and his eyes glittered with joy and a terrifying amount of lust that lit a fire in her core. Ron didn't waste precious time with further words, thankfully. He flipped her over and pressed her against the counter before tenderly guiding her hair to her left shoulder and pulling down the neck of her jumper. He let out a small sound of frustration on meeting another obstruction in the form of her blouse, but that too was deftly pulled away (quite possibly ripping a button or two) before his lips