Disclaimer: The legal rights to the Harry Potter books, characters, and locations belong to J. K. Rowling, and the legal rights to the movies belong to Warner Bros. Studios. I own nothing here. I claim only the story idea as my intellectual property based off of Rowling's work, and I seek no financial compensation. I only seek to produce some smiles among the fans. Rating: T (PG-13-equivalent) for a brief suggestive moment – probably brief enough that this story could be a K+, but T just to be safe. A/N: This story is canon-compliant, albeit EWE since Harry is in a relationship with Luna, with various plot points from the books fleshed out where I felt more detail was needed. Unlike my other fics posted here, it's not an H/L story per se, but nonetheless Luna is mentioned, and I hope all of her fans will appreciate seeing her. This isn't a "new" story, since it dates from a couple of years ago before I joined this site, but as it's never been posted online before, it'll look new to you. Since it may be a while before I debut another fic here (I'm starting my next semester of grad school soon, and I'll also need more time to brainstorm other fic ideas), I thought I'd dive into my older stories that were gathered on my hard drive and see if I could find something to tide you over. Most of what I found seemed rather mediocre and unoriginal to me – like most other fic writers, I went through a period where I was just mimicking other stories I'd read – and those stories shall remain in the vault where they belong. Something about this idea, however, stood out, so I gave it a small bit of revision, and I present it to you now. Flower and Serpent Five years after defeating Voldemort, Harry Potter's life was relatively quiet. With few Dark wizards still active (or, at least, willing to do anything that would draw attention to themselves), most of his work as an Auror consisted of confiscating and destroying Dark artifacts and occasionally working alongside the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures to track down any Dark creatures that were terrorizing the public. Although Harry was immensely proud to have a career that kept people safe, he had to concede that, for the time being, his fiancée Luna Lovegood had a more exciting job: as a magizoologist, she frequently went on expeditions to far-flung places in search of endangered and unknown animals, and she was one of the youngest and most respected people in her field. She had already definitively proven the existence of the Gulping Plimpy, and most of her time at home was spent researching their courtship and breeding habits in the small pond by her and Harry's small white cottage. They lived in the very southeast of England, in Kent, not far from Canterbury. Luna, who had wanted to live in a cottage ever since she had stayed with Bill Weasley and Fleur Delacour, had instantly fallen in love with the pastoral setting, and had almost as instantly decorated the inside of the house with the flashiest of color patterns and the most bizarre decorations. It's the Lovegood family tradition, I suppose, Harry thought silently every time she re-painted a room or brought a new piece of décor home – and yet he found that he didn't mind Luna's eccentricities being scattered around the cottage like this, because whenever she was away on an expedition, he could look in any room and feel like she had left parts of herself behind so he wouldn't be lonely. On one particular Friday night in winter, when Luna and her team of magizoologists were away on an expedition in the Amazon, Harry sat at home in the dining room, looking over the letter that she had sent home via an extremely exotic bird whose species he could only guess at. Luna had left immediately after Christmas, and the last thing she had given Harry was a bright red poinsettia, which he had placed lovingly on the table in the center of the sitting room. Together they had chosen to name it Neville after their friend Neville Longbottom, due to his new job as Herbology professor at Hogwarts, and Harry had promised to take care of it until Luna returned. Dearest Harry, My Lionheart, My Love, It is so incredibly lovely in the Amazon right now – much hotter than you might suspect, because it's actually summer in this hemisphere! I wish you could see all the amazing animals and ruins we've come across; I'll send you some photographs later, of course, but I still wish you were here in person. I miss you every single day. The team can be a bit negative at times, and dear Rolf in particular seems a tad irritated over some of the things that have happened – but you and I both know that's only the Heliopaths causing people's tempers to flare up and their thoughts to get all heated. I suspected Heliopaths might thrive in a warm environment like this. Don't worry, love, I'll be back home in about two more weeks (minus however long this bird takes to get to you). I do hope you're continuing to water Neville – the plant, not the person, of course. I don't think Neville the person would like it if you poured water on his head – oh! – which reminds me that I'm also bringing home some floral specimens from the jungle for him – the person, not the plant, of course. Sending you home my love, Your Brightest Moonbeam, Luna Harry set the letter down and chuckled, both at his fiancée's whimsy, and at the sharp contrast between this and the letter he had received, via the same bird, from their mutual friend Rolf Scamander: Dear Harry, I have always known dear Luna to be quirky, but this specific expedition has made me concerned that she is a tad insane. Brilliant, yes, but insane. To provide just the briefest of summaries of what she has done in the past week: 1) led us into quicksand to follow what she thought was a Fleeblebunch (it was a butterfly); 2) attempted to pet / hug a jaguar because she thought it needed a friend (we had to Stupefy it before it got too close to her); 3) LIT MY HEAD ON FIRE because she said it was the only way to scare away the Nargles raiding our campsite (I have NO additional comment on THAT). Thank goodness we know all the spells we do, because we have managed to all stay uninjured (except for the aforementioned Nargle-scaring incident). I had always wanted to accompany Luna on an expedition, and I don't suppose I'll ever forget this experience, but I say this as your friend and hers: I am greatly troubled by her deliberate flouting of standard safety protocol. I don't know how you handle being her partner, but I'm glad it somehow works for you both. I will write again later; if you'll excuse me, I need to re-bandage my head. Fond Regards, Rolf Harry had begun to write a reply to Rolf, with the intention of writing a longer, more private reply to Luna later. She's as sane as you are, he had written so far, recalling something Luna had said to him the first day they met, and I guess I've just always been prepared to embrace her daring side, no matter what she does, because I've never really been afraid of facing danger, either. Did I ever tell you about the time when – at her suggestion, of course – we rode from Hogwarts all the way to London on thestrals when we were only fifteen? Harry was about to begin writing out that story when he suddenly heard a loud thump in the backyard, accompanied by what sounded like a woman's yell. Grabbing his wand, he set aside the two letters and his own letter-in-progress, and dashed out the back door, silently performing a Lumos spell so that he could use his wand as a light. A witch lay on her side in the middle of the backyard, wearing a dark green sweater and black slacks and clutching a broom, her fall cushioned by a fresh layer of snow. Her left leg jutted out at an odd angle, and Harry could notice through her curtain of shoulder-length dusty-blonde hair that she had a pronounced scowl of pain on her face. "Miss?" he called as he moved closer, before realizing that her face was actually quite familiar. They had gone to Hogwarts together, and now she worked in the Department of Mysteries as an Unspeakable; he saw her in the elevator at work occasionally… " Daphne? " Harry asked, now bending down in front of her. She looked up into his face, and he saw a pair of bright green eyes much like his own. "Daphne Greengrass? What happened to you?" "I got tired, lost control of my broom, and fell; why else would I be in this position?" Daphne said in a haughty, aristocratic tone that Harry thought was somewhere between that of Fleur and a female version of Draco Malfoy. "And I don't need your help or your pity, Potter, I can – " Here she tried to lift herself up and collapsed again. "Ow, ow, dammit, ow, my leg's broken… if I can just stand up, I can Apparate to St. Mungo's… ow!" Daphne tried to raise herself and collapsed a second time, and she now appeared close to crying. "Daphne," said Harry softly, "You don't have to go to St. Mungo's, alright? I can take you inside and fix you up tonight, and it's no burden. I want to help you. Please?" He reached out his hand to her, and after a few seconds of silence, Daphne took it, gripping her broom with her other hand. "Come on, up we go…" After Harry had raised her into a semi-standing position, Daphne put her arm across his shoulder, and he put his arm around her waist and led her into the house. After leaning Daphne's broom up against the back door, Harry led her into the sitting room, set her down on a soft sky-blue sofa, and moved the table holding Neville the Poinsettia over so he could set her broken leg on it. "I've had to learn basic healing spells as an Auror," Harry informed her gently as he knelt beside her, "and I can take care of your leg if you let me… now, it's most effective if the wand touches bare skin, so if you could, er, raise your pant leg…" Daphne had a tight-lipped expression on her face, as if she either suspected lechery on Harry's part or was thinking of a snippy comment to make, but she finally reached down and pulled her pant leg up to her knee. Harry took his wand and silently ran it over both the top and bottom of her lower leg before pulling her pant leg back down, and Daphne now had a more satisfied expression on her face, approaching a smile. "The bone will mend itself overnight," said Harry, standing up. "You'll feel some pain as it does, but it won't feel any worse than a typical cramp. But you're in no condition to go back out on your broom tonight: you'll need to rest here." "Would your fiancée approve of another woman spending the night here while she's away?" Daphne asked, a sardonic smile finally emerging. The earlier haughtiness also seemed to have dropped from her voice, replaced by a gentler, yet still dignified, tone. "I might try to seduce you, you know. After all, you've already seen my leg." Harry was taken aback by this comment, and as he tried to formulate a response, he silently conceded that Daphne was