Disclaimer: The legal rights to the Harry Potter books, characters, and locations belong to J. K. Rowling, and the legal rights to the movies belong to Warner Bros. Studios. I own nothing here. I claim only the story idea as my intellectual property based off of Rowling's work, and I seek no financial compensation. I only seek to produce some smiles among the fans. Rating: K+ (PG-equivalent) for mature themes of loss, grief, trauma, and loneliness, and for some brief mild language. A/N #1: This story is mostly canon-compliant, with the main exception that I bumped Luna up a year in age so that she would be the same year as the Golden Trio. Other than that, I've worked to stay faithful to the events of the books and to the personalities of the characters, with some very minor alterations and expansions of detail where it felt appropriate. So this isn't so much an AU as a "what-if" scenario: what if, in OotP , Harry had had more time alone with Luna at the very beginning of the year? What if he had discovered how much she had to offer the very first time he met her? A/N #2: This story, like the books, is written from Harry's perspective, not Luna's. I think Luna's perspective would be wonderful to write from, and it's something I may do in a future story, but for this scenario I thought it best if the inside of her mind was left mysterious. That's what's so great about Luna: you never can tell where her thoughts are going to go from one moment to the next. This is Harry's first time meeting her, after all, and I wanted to convey what it would have been like for him to try and figure her out with absolutely no background information about her. A/N #3: Finally, I also worked really hard not to turn Luna into a Manic Pixie Dream Girl™, which is always a risk when writing her character. I wanted Harry to be impressed by Luna (as I think most of us would be), but I also wanted him to be impressed because of who she is in her own right and not solely because of what she can contribute to his life. I've left things a bit ambiguous so that you can interpret this as the beginning of whatever you want: a close friendship, a platonic relationship, a romantic relationship… Some of you will ship Harry/Luna, and others will not. But I think we can all agree: there is a unique connection there that gives them a special place in each other's hearts. I hope you enjoy this. A Boy, a Girl, an Owl, and a Train Compartment Clutching his carry-on bag in one hand and Hedwig's cage in the other (the porters had already taken his trunk to the baggage compartment), Harry Potter wandered dejectedly onboard the Hogwarts Express. It was the beginning of his fifth year, and for the first time ever, he was not excited to be going back to school – although he certainly didn't want to be back with the Dursleys, either. Mostly, he was hurting over Cedric Diggory, wondering if he could have prevented the brave Hufflepuff's death. He didn't even want the blasted Cup, Harry thought. I'm the one who insisted we share it. But once that was combined with the knowledge that Voldemort was back in human form, the fact that Dumbledore seemed to be completely ignoring Harry and leaving him out of his plans, and the additional fact that The Daily Prophet was now calling him a liar and a show-off, Harry was left not wanting to talk to anybody on the train this year. The final blow had been learning that Ron and Hermione were now prefects, and that they would be sitting in a different compartment on the train. The only two friends he might have wanted to talk to were leaving him behind, moving on to other things, and for once, Harry just wished he could vanish until the train pulled into Hogwarts. I can handle all the questions and snide comments once I get there, he told himself, but I can't do it right now. He felt a tap on his shoulder, and with a weary expression on his face, he turned to see Ginny Weasley, with Neville Longbottom standing beside her, clutching what looked like a potted cactus. "Hi, Harry," she said in a kind voice. "Er… would you like to sit with Neville and I this time? I know you'd like to be with Ron and Hermione, but maybe we can… um… and maybe the Creevey brothers will join us as well?" Harry sighed, because he knew Ginny meant well, and he hated to turn down her invitation. "I'm sorry, Gin," he said softly. "It'd just be too many people asking too many questions, and well… you know what I've been through, and I just need a place to be alone. I'll even sit in the baggage compartment if I have to." Ginny nodded sadly. "Yes," she said, "I understand. I… I hope you find some peace and quiet today." Neville also gave a nod, accompanied by a halfhearted attempt to smile, and Harry watched his two friends walk off together. Harry moved on down the train, hoping to find an empty compartment, but each one was full of tables of students smiling, laughing, eating snacks, and playing cards and board games. None of the compartments looked like anywhere he belonged. Finally, he peeked into the very last compartment before the baggage room – the one where he had met Professor Lupin in his third year. It was nearly empty, except for a solitary blonde girl sitting on one side of a table, wearing a bright blue sweater and jeans and reading an upside-down Quibbler magazine. Harry hesitated for a moment and then thought, Well, it's only one other person. Maybe I can handle this much. He walked into the familiar compartment, glancing out the train window as he set Hedwig's cage down on a corner table and dropped his carry-on bag into the unoccupied seat. The room was nearly silent, except for the sound of the train clacking away on the track. Finally, the girl looked up at him curiously. She looked strangely familiar, as though she was someone Harry recognized from his year, but whom he had never had any actual classes with. Not having her robes on, Harry couldn't tell what house she belonged to, but he did notice that the large irises of her eyes were an unusual color, hovering somewhere between silver and light blue. "Er… hello," Harry began. "I'm sorry to disturb you, but, well, the train's so crowded and I really just wanted to find a place to be alone. If you prefer, I can find somewhere else… your magazine's upside down, by the way." Harry wished he also had something to read besides the new schoolbooks in his bag; he hadn't really felt like grabbing a Daily Prophet at the train entrance. "I know," said the girl in an airy, melodic voice that Harry found very comforting. "There's a rune puzzle in the back that I've been working on. I don't mind if you sit with me; you know, if you want some extra privacy, you can lock the door and pull the curtain over the door's little window." "Couldn't someone just open the door with Alohomora ?" Harry asked as he followed the girl's instructions. "They could," she replied, "but if they see the curtain, they'll assume anyone in here is sick or resting and doesn't want to be disturbed. This is where Professor Lupin stayed the year he came to Hogwarts." Sitting down in the seat opposite the girl, Harry said glumly, "He was my favorite teacher." "One of mine, too," the girl remarked. "I do wish he'd stayed. It's a shame they fired him just for being different. I don't care if he was a werewolf." Now that he was seated, Harry took a moment to survey the girl's appearance. There was something a bit off-kilter about her: her wand, he had already noticed, was tucked behind her ear, where it slipped into her long shaggy hair. That seemed like a convenient enough place to put a wand, although Harry could imagine what Mad-Eye Moody would say about it. Her earrings were a little stranger: Harry didn't know much about witches' fashion, but he didn't think he'd ever seen anything like these. They resembled some sort of radish-like vegetable – no, scratch that – they were some sort of radish-like vegetable. And then… he couldn't be quite sure about her necklace, because she had it tucked into her sweater, but it looked like it was made of corks from butterbeer bottles. That was probably the most confounding thing of all. The girl must have noticed him looking at her, because she now folded up her Quibbler , set it on the table, and placing her elbows on the table, she cupped her face in her hands and stared directly at Harry. She seemed to be both scrutinizing and soothing him: although her silvery-blue gaze was intense, with a minimal amount of blinking, there was also a gentleness to it. Harry tried to look away, and yet… somehow he just didn't want to. Finally, the girl's lips curled up into a smile and she said in a near-whisper: "Mmmm… you're Harry Potter." Dammit, thought Harry, although he hadn't honestly expected to maintain his anonymity. "You… you recognize me, then?" "Of course I do!" exclaimed the girl, before transitioning into a teasing, singsong voice that reminded Harry of Peeves. "You're Harry Potter, and we're all alo-one! You're Harry Potter, and we're all alo-one!" She broke into a chuckle before continuing in her regular voice, "You've got your hair covering your scar to hide it, but I recognized you the moment I saw you. You're quite famous, you know." "Yeah, well, I don't really like being famous, do you know that? " Harry snapped, leaning in and suddenly feeling completely angry with this girl he didn't even know. "I hate it, I hate it more than you could even know! First, everybody calls me a 'hero' for something that happened when I was a baby – something I had no control over, something I don't remember – then, they forget all that and call me a 'liar' who just wants attention? I don't want attention; that's the only reason I'm sitting with you right now! I saw my friend die , do you understand that? I saw him die , and it's my fault that he's dead! He meant nothing to Voldemort – in fact, Voldemort's exact words were 'Kill the spare!' He just killed him because he wasn't supposed to be there! Why the hell would I ever want to be famous for seeing that happen? So go ahead, brag about being alone with Harry Potter, because being alone with me isn't a lot of fun! " As the scenery flew past the window, the atmosphere in the compartment seemed to have grown darker and denser – almost as if there were a Dementor nearby. Harry collapsed back into his seat, feeling tears streaming down his face. They had already arrived at the one subject he hadn't wanted to talk about, and although the girl wasn't crying, she had lowered her hands from her face, her lip was now quivering, and she looked hurt. "Oh God, I'm so sorry I yelled at you…" Harry began, but the girl cut him off. "No," she said in a lower voice than Harry had heard before, " I'm sorry. I didn't know… I didn't stop to think about how much you've been through. I do believe you, by the way – every word. What happened to Cedric wasn't your fault; you didn't know what was going to happen to either of you at