Disclaimer: The legal rights to the Harry Potter books, characters, and locations belong to J. K. Rowling, and the legal rights to the movies belong to Warner Bros. Studios. I own nothing here. I claim only the story idea as my intellectual property based off of Rowling's work, and I seek no financial compensation. I only seek to produce some smiles among the fans. Rating: T (PG-13-equivalent) for a moment of suggested consensual teenage rooftop sex (it's OK; they're soulmates!) and a moment of Death Eater malice (no violence, but some violent threats are made). A/N: This is a companion piece to my earlier story "A Boy, a Girl, an Owl, and a Train Compartment", which I invite you to read if you would like a more in-depth account of Harry's first time meeting Luna – an event that is only briefly described here. (However, both stories can also be read independently of each other.) I attempted here to write a story that incorporated a wider variety of perspectives (Luna's, Harry's, and Xeno's, as opposed to just Harry's in the previous story), and that also took place over a longer timespan than a single afternoon and encompassed a wider setting than just the inside of a train. This was an ambitious piece, and it took a lot of time and energy to get it just how I liked it, so it may be the last fic I post for a while – but still, there's a lot packed in here, so it should give you plenty of entertainment whilst I brainstorm other ideas! This story is mostly canon-compliant, with the main exceptions that Luna is in Harry's year and she is his girlfriend. As you shall see, their relationship also means that certain plot points from the books have been slightly altered or have been presented in a different light than in canon. However, the basic overarching plotlines of the books remain intact, and everyone who dies in canon dies here as well. The most dramatic departure from canon is that Harry never dates Cho or Ginny, but if you're a firm H/L supporter, that shouldn't bother you too much. ;) I also couldn't resist giving Rolf, Luna's canon spouse, his own introductory scene – because 1) I get the feeling they would have been good friends and colleagues even if they weren't a couple, and 2) after I learned about him, I was rather disappointed that he had never appeared in the books. Finally, I have no canon evidence that Pandora Lovegood was a Gryffindor – but the idea of her being one was interesting enough that I decided to take it and run. It would certainly explain where Luna gets her more daring side… For those of you interested in "the story behind the story," who want a peek inside your average humble fanfic writer's brain, the catalyst for this piece was when I realized that, in so many Luna/Harry stories, we see them as a dating or married couple, while Xenophilius is mostly relegated to a background role. It's understandable that he'd be depicted this way, since most of the romance takes place away from Luna's home, but I still felt Xeno deserved a bit more attention than what he gets. After all, there's a rich father/daughter story lurking in the background there – and surely, I thought, Harry would seek to bond with his girlfriend's dad. But also, a troubling question was raised: if Luna and Harry were a couple, how might that have played into Xeno's attempted betrayal of Harry? Read on to see how all this unfolds! I hope you enjoy it. Somehow You'll Just Know Luna Lovegood always said she loved her house in the small village of Ottery St. Catchpole because it made her feel like she lived in her own personal castle. Nobody could disagree with this statement, because the fact of the matter was that the Lovegood house was shaped like a castle from a chess set – and as a result, it had acquired the nickname of "The Rook". Her father, Xenophilius (known as "Xeno" to his select few friends), had built the house himself some years before she was born, and while its awkward placement alone in the middle of a field seemed strange to outsiders, those who knew Xeno felt it mirrored his eccentricities perfectly. Xeno was the editor of The Quibbler , an unusual little wizarding magazine that purported to reveal the truth that other newspapers and magazines concealed, whether it related to misdeeds by the Ministry of Magic or to sightings of magical creatures that other people claimed didn't exist. As a result of this magazine, many in the wizarding world dismissed him as a kook, and often expressed their concern among themselves that perhaps his strange ideas had had too much of an influence on his daughter's brain. These same people also often wondered with dismay whether things would have been better for little Luna if her mother, Pandora, was still alive. Pandora was known as an extremely talented potioneer during her life, but she also had a sense of daring and experimentation about her that had sometimes made people wonder if she was going to do herself in while attempting something dangerous one day. That day had come when Luna was only nine years old, and Pandora died in a potion-making accident while she and Luna were alone together. Xeno had immediately rushed from his office to The Rook to comfort Luna once he heard the news, and ever since then, he had run The Quibbler from home. The Rook, or so it seemed to many who did not know the Lovegoods personally, now had an air of melancholy about it. To those who ventured inside The Rook, however, it was clear that an air of whimsy still pervaded the house, which was covered in the most peculiar decorations and had its rooms painted in the brightest and happiest of colors. A spiral staircase running around the outer wall led to other rooms on the house's various floors, and in one of these rooms was Luna's bedroom. Although most of the time it was unoccupied, since Luna was now eleven years old and had begun studying at Hogwarts, she was on Christmas vacation and had returned home for the first time. Xeno was delighted to see that, like himself, she had been sorted into Ravenclaw, the house that valued wit and knowledge – although he privately wondered whether she could have instead followed in her late mother's footsteps and been in Gryffindor, the house that valued bravery and daring. Luna had been painting a mural of Hogwarts on her bedroom wall when Xeno walked into her room one day. The mural was extremely well-done, depicting the castle itself on the right side of the wall, and the Great Lake, with the stands of the Quidditch pitch in the distance behind it, in the middle. She was now finishing up the left side, where she had painted Hagrid's hut and the edge of the Forbidden Forest, with a small flock of thestrals standing next to it. "That's very lovely, moonbeam," smiled Xeno, using his favorite nickname for her, "although I do wish you weren't able to see thestrals, as it would mean your mother was still with us." He spoke in an airy, eloquent, slightly gravelly voice, and was dressed in unusually patterned robes. Luna, who now stood up to admire her finished painting, had inherited his fashion sense along with his long, shaggy blond hair. Her eyes, however – those she had inherited from her mother: two large silvery-blue orbs that blinked very little and yet tended to soothe whoever looked into them. "I like the thestrals," she said in an equally airy, yet softer, voice. "They remind me that it's okay to be different." "Er, yes, I suppose they do," said Xeno sheepishly. "So, ah, how do you like your classes and your teachers? I know what some of the older ones are like from my own schooldays, but what are the newer ones like?" "Professor Quirrell is nice," Luna trilled, packing up her art supplies, "but he does seem to have something under his turban bothering him – possibly a Vermicious Scalp-Biter. And Professor Snape isn't very nice sometimes. He doesn't like people fooling around in class, and I can't really blame him – but I'm not sure he actually wants to be a teacher. I feel like he's at Hogwarts because Professor Dumbledore wanted him there for something, like maybe he owed Dumbledore a favor." Luna had put her art supplies in her dresser, and had now pulled a picture of her parents off the top of the dresser and was gazing intently at it. "That's us the year we graduated from Hogwarts," Xeno beamed, albeit with a feeling of immense longing and sorrow. "Daddy?" asked Luna, still holding the photograph, "I know it won't happen for a few years, if at all, but… do you think I'll meet somebody at Hogwarts, too? A boyfriend, I mean?" Luna sat down on her bed, and Xeno sat down next to her, a nervous yet hopeful expression on his face. "Well, you're certainly getting older," he said, "and I can't keep you from getting older. I've always suspected that might be in your future, but, well… don't rush into it, moonbeam. When the time comes, don't look for someone who sweeps you off your feet right away, because they might not be who you think, but instead keep your eye open for someone who is impressed by you . If they like what they see, they'll be somebody worth keeping – because they'll like you for who you are, not who they think you are. And also: a boyfriend needs to be a friend first, or else the word means nothing. If you're not friends, you won't be there for each other when things get difficult. That's when couples need each other the most, in the very darkest moments, and sadly, that's when some couples let each other go. I would wish for you to have a boyfriend who was also your very best friend in the entire world." Luna looked slightly disappointed. "Oh, I don't know if it will happen then," she said quietly. "There aren't very many people who want to be my friend." Xeno frowned slightly. It was true that, while Luna got along well with adults, she didn't seem to make very many friends her own age. Mostly, her only friend was Ginny Weasley, who was one year younger than her and lived a short distance away – and they had mainly connected due to Xeno being friends with Ginny's parents. Still, he wanted to give Luna all the encouragement he could. "Don't worry, moonbeam," he smiled, hugging her. "There are many different people in the world. Maybe you'll meet who you're meant to be with at Hogwarts, and maybe you won't meet them until later – but somebody someday is going to notice what's special about you, and when they do notice you, you'll be able to tell. Somehow you'll just know." Although Luna didn't realize it at the time, she had already noticed her future boyfriend at the very beginning of the school year. A little while after taking her seat at the Ravenclaw table during the Sorting Hat ceremony, she had seen Harry Potter making his way up to the Hat. She had watched him sitting under the Hat with both a piqued interest and a deep empathy: he had looked very nervous, like someone who didn't quite know where he belonged in the world. Harry, I know how you feel, she had thought. After an extended period of time, the Hat had placed him in Gryffindor, and Luna had felt a sudden tinge of disappointment, wishing that either she had gone to Gryffindor or he had come with her to Ravenclaw. He must be