Disclaimer: The legal rights to the Harry Potter books, characters, and locations belong to J. K. Rowling, and the legal rights to the movies belong to Warner Bros. Studios. I own nothing here. I claim only the story idea as my intellectual property based off of Rowling's work, and I seek no financial compensation. I only seek to produce some smiles among the fans. Rating: T (PG-13-equivalent) for some suggestive moments between consenting soulmates, including some non-explicit discussion of sex. A/N: Despite what the title may have made you think, this story's focus is on moments of emotional intimacy between Harry and Luna throughout their years together. Sorry to disappoint you if you were looking for lemons, but there are none here – although you'll find plenty of sweetness, so why not stick around anyway? This is a series of vignettes (600-900 words each) that I've thought up over the last few days, which may possibly serve as jumping-off points for future fics. This is also the farthest ahead I've looked into the future regarding Harry and Luna, as opposed to my previous fics, which all take place either during or shortly after the Hogwarts years. (In other words, this is my endgame.) All my fics are interconnected, and so this one includes the same disclaimers as the others: EWE, everything based off of canon except for Harry and Luna being a couple, and Luna being the same age as Harry. Also note that the first vignette is a follow-up to a scene in my story "Somehow You'll Just Know", and the cottage Harry and Luna live in is the same one featured in my story "Flower and Serpent". As always, I hope you enjoy this – and please let me know which vignettes you liked best, so that I have a sense of what everybody wants to see more of! Moments in Bed with Harry and Luna: A Sketchbook 1 – Sixteen Years Old When Harry Potter wakes up, the first thing he notices, even before he opens his eyes, is that there's a slightly cold wind blowing across his face and hair. Then he sees a blue cloudy sky above him, tinged with the last pink remnants of a fading sunrise. I'm outdoors somewhere, he thinks, and reaching his hand out, he feels a cold stone floor. But not a floor, he realizes, a roof. Becoming more conscious of where he is, he remembers that it's Christmas morning, and he's been staying at The Rook with his girlfriend Luna Lovegood, and last night, she came in to his room and asked him to… Oh my god I slept with her, he gasps, although he can't tell if it's only in his head, or under his breath, or out loud. Sitting upright on their shared sleeping pad, he watches the blanket slip down to his waist, and remembers that he's also naked – and judging by the pile of pajamas and the blue-and-bronze bathrobe lying a short distance away, so is Luna. Finally, he turns his gaze to the person lying directly next to him, who is propping her head up with her arm and is using her other arm to keep the blanket pulled up around herself. She appears to have been awake for quite some time already. "Good morning, sleepyhead," Luna grins. "I wondered when you were going to wake up." "Luna," Harry mumbles, letting out a yawn before continuing, "last night… I… I didn't know you had that side to you. You always just seem so ethereal, so spiritual, so… beyond the rest of the world. I just never thought of you having a sensual side before." Luna looks back at her boyfriend, now her lover, with her silver-blue eyes. Her blonde hair, while disheveled, somehow doesn't look all that different from how it normally is. "I'm human just like everyone else," she says softly, "and just because you'd never seen that side didn't mean it wasn't there. I just wasn't ready to show it yet – but now I have, Harry, and you're the only one who will ever see it. I think connecting with the body is an extension of connecting with the spirit. Whenever we've kissed, and whenever we've hugged, I've always immersed myself in it, because I wanted that contact with you more than anything." She pauses. "If souls were physical objects... I'd want us to hold each other's souls, and press them together. But I know this is the closest we'll ever be able to get." Harry lays back down, feeling like he just received a particularly arcane lecture from Dumbledore or Firenze. "Damn, that was too deep for the first thing in the morning. Shouldn't we get up and get dressed before your dad's sleeping charm breaks?" "It'll hold until I say otherwise," smiles Luna. "For now…" she puts her arm across Harry's chest and runs the other hand through his hair, "I just want a few more minutes with you." As Luna's warm, naked body presses against his side, Harry can't help feeling a little awkward, never having been in this situation before. "Luna?" he asks. "Does anything about this seem… naughty to you?" "No," she replies. "It just feels natural – like we're supposed to be together. In all honesty… the lovemaking wasn't even my favorite part of last night. My favorite part was when we fell asleep in each other's arms. I liked knowing I was with someone who didn't want to let me go – and I didn't want to let you go, either. I still don't. Merry Christmas, Harry." "Neither do I," Harry smiles, clutching her closer to him. "Merry Christmas, Luna." 2 – Twenty-One Years Old Harry and Luna lay in bed together, worn out from a full day's worth of work moving into their new cottage. Both glance around their shared bedroom, with its peculiar, whimsical assortment of memorabilia: everything from Harry's old Firebolt to Luna's infamous lion hat. The walls are painted in red and blue stripes – what will come to be known over the years as "The Great Gryffindor/Ravenclaw Compromise." "I love this," Harry says quietly. "I never thought I'd have a house this beautiful – or someone this beautiful to share it with." Luna, who has been holding his hand, lets it go and strokes his shoulder. "Goodnight, Harry," she purrs. "It is a lovely house – and it's completely Nargle-free! You finally have everything you've ever dreamed of, and we'll see each other first thing in the morning – tomorrow and every day from now on." "I don't have everything," Harry replies. "My deepest, most private dream hasn't come true yet." Luna turns to face him. "Will you tell me what your deepest dream is? You can tell me anything , Harry. You've always been able to. Will you tell me?" "Sorry, Luna," Harry shrugs. "Not yet. I'm not quite comfortable telling anyone yet. But I promise you'll be the first to know." Luna looks disappointed, but they kiss goodnight and Harry turns out the lights with his wand. Setting his glasses on the nightstand, he lays awake for nearly an hour, until he is certain Luna is fast asleep. She is lying on her side, facing away from him, and he leans over and whispers directly into her ear: "Luna, I'm glad we're finally living together, and I know how long it's taken to get to this point, but… it's still not good enough for me. I want to marry you, Luna, if it's the very last thing I ever do. That's my deepest dream. I think I've wanted to marry you for as long as I've known you, but I've always been afraid to say it out loud. I've never told anyone before, and I'm still too afraid to even tell you while you're awake. But I want to be your husband. I want you to be my wife. I want to buy you the most beautiful ring I can find, and have a wedding where we invite all our friends, and most of all, I want every day left in my life to be happy. I wish I could tell you all that to your face, but I wouldn't want to scare you away. The truth is, Luna, I wish I could be more like you – because you're always unafraid of what anyone else will say to you – but you're not just anyone else. You're the love of my life, and I don't want to hear you say you're not ready for marriage. I'm just so afraid of taking a risk and losing you. But I want to marry you. I'd even marry you twice if it was possible. I love you that much." With a sense of relief he can't explain, Harry plants the lightest of kisses on Luna's cheek, curls up behind her, puts his arm around her waist, and buries his face in her shaggy blonde hair, before finally resting his head on her shoulder. "Harry…" Luna says in what must be the world's quietest whisper, "I heard what you said. Every word." If not for the movement of her jaw muscles, Harry would think he'd drifted into a dream or a hallucination. "I knew how you felt all along, Harry… and I've always wanted to marry you, too." He doesn't have enough strength to respond, but as he feels sleep coming over him, he knows that tomorrow is going to be the best morning of his life – because as soon as he wakes up, he is going to propose to Luna, and she is going to say yes. 3 – Twenty-Three Years Old Harry lays in bed one night holding a notebook full of notes on his latest case, when Luna walks in, wearing bright yellow button-up pajamas and holding her hands behind her back. "Oh, Harry," she coos, "surely whatever that is can wait until tomorrow?" "Yeah, it can," sighs Harry, closing the notebook. "I just hate to think people might be getting hurt because I'm missing something obvious. If only Hermione had become an Auror, too… this job requires a lot more detective skills than I'd anticipated. I'll tell you what we do need at the Ministry, though: some good Ravenclaw Aurors who would be able to connect the dots." Luna beams at the favorable mention of her Hogwarts house, and Harry points at her with a bemused expression on his face. "Speaking of mysteries… what have you got behind your back? It's not another creature you found in the woods, is it? You remember the three-horned, six-legged goat that ate the sofa?" "No, silly!" says Luna excitedly. "And dear Marvin is a perfectly nice goat! He just doesn't have good enough manners to live in a house… But, well, Harry, I went to the Ministry today. I didn't tell you I was there because… I wanted to surprise you." Luna pulls her hands out from behind her back, revealing a large official-looking piece of parchment that says Marriage License at the top. She climbs into bed next to Harry, who looks utterly surprised. "Luna," he says both weakly and tenderly, "You… you want to sign this now? Before the wedding has even taken place?" Oh, come on, Harry, he tells himself right after asking this, you do remember who you're talking to, right? If anyone would defy convention, it's Luna Lovegood. I mean, God only knows what her wedding dress is going to look like. "There's still a bit of planning left to do, I know," nods Luna, "but I just think, well, why don't we go ahead and make it official and legal right now? I mean, really, marriage is just a human construct. Dragons and Nargles and Fizzlers don't get married; only people do – well, and human-like creatures like merpeople and vampires, I suppose. But the point is, we're already mates for life, and we both know it, so why not establish