Disclaimer: The legal rights to the Harry Potter books, characters, and locations belong to J. K. Rowling, and the legal rights to the movies belong to Warner Bros. Studios. I own nothing here. I claim only the story idea as my intellectual property based off of Rowling's work, and I seek no financial compensation. I only seek to produce some smiles among the fans. Rating: K for being squeaky-clean, with nary a trace of violence, sexuality, or (to quote Puppet Snape) foulmouthedness. A/N: As in my other stories, Luna is a year older than in canon, so she's in the same year as the Golden Trio, although in this story, she hasn't actually met Harry yet. However, as you may know from my other stories, she is his future girlfriend and wife, and so I have hinted at this eventual connection in a couple places here. Since I'd previously done a Harry story where Luna was in the background ("Flower and Serpent"), I now wanted to turn things around and do a Luna story where Harry was in the background – although, to be honest, this mostly turned out to be a Hermione story. I'd wanted to write a story involving her for a while, especially since Rowling often talked about how much fun it was to write dialogue between Hermione and Luna, but the details didn't start snapping into place until very recently. Here, then, is the finished result, and I hope you enjoy it. (Also, for those of you who liked Daphne in "Flower and Serpent" and wanted to see more of her, I've given her a brief re-appearance here. She's younger here than she was in that story, but she should still seem familiar.) There's No Such Thing as a Nargle Hermione Granger sat alone on a Friday afternoon in the one place where she was most likely to be found: in a secluded corner of the Hogwarts library, at a small study table covered with books. Despite Madam Pince's reputation for being strict and even fearsome, the old librarian had taken a liking to Hermione over the last two years. Not only was the Gryffindor girl one of the most studious and responsible students that Pince had ever seen, she also shared her affinity for books. Hermione returned every book unharmed, and in some cases, the books even looked as though they were in better condition than when they had been checked out. Nor had the professors failed to take notice of Hermione's academic talents. Despite only being at the beginning of her third year, she was already under consideration to possibly be a Prefect or even the Head Girl someday. It was because of this, in fact, that Professors Dumbledore and McGonagall had decided to make an exception and let Hermione do something that was very rarely done: wear a Time-Turner necklace so that she could take more classes than were usually permitted (or even possible). Hermione, of course, was required to maintain the utmost secrecy as to what she was doing, and Dumbledore had made it clear that the Time-Turner was not a toy to be trifled with. Still, Hermione was extremely grateful for the opportunity, as she was beginning to get to know some of the students outside of her normal social circle. The past two years had consisted entirely of core classes taken with Slytherins and other Gryffindors, but now that she was beginning to take electives, she was starting to meet some Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs as well. One such student, a Ravenclaw whom Hermione had met in her Arithmancy and Ancient Runes classes, was coming down to the library to meet her right now. In the mere week that she had known Luna Lovegood, Hermione had already determined that there was something offbeat about her. Luna was certainly intelligent and kind, but she also looked distinctly unkempt, with her large blue eyes and her tangled blonde hair. Her choice of accessories could also be odd, such as her radish earrings or her cork necklaces. But just because she's a little eccentric doesn't mean there's anything wrong with her, Hermione had told herself, and so she had decided that Luna was worth getting to know – and perhaps even mentor, she thought as she saw Luna approaching the table, clad in her Ravenclaw robes and carrying her bookbag, with her wand tucked behind her ear. "Hello, Hermione," Luna said in her soft voice as she sat down at the table, across from her. "Guess what? I just nodded at Harry Potter, and he nodded back at me!" "That's nice," grinned Hermione. "Do you have a crush on him?" "No, not really," said Luna. "Ginny Weasley does, though. I just think he seems like he would be a nice person to meet someday. I think he seems kind, and also humble, and I get the sense that maybe he doesn't always know where he belongs… but tell me, what is he like?" "A little reckless," said Hermione, "especially when he and Ron are off getting into trouble together. But he's also brave, and he's fairly smart when he applies himself… I think you might like him. I can introduce you two, if you like." "Oh no, that's not necessary," Luna shook her head. "I'm sure there are so many people who want to meet him already. I'll meet him on my own when the time is right, I suppose. Anyway, did you find what you were looking for?" "As a matter of fact, I did! " exclaimed Hermione, picking up one of the older, more fragile books and turning and pointing to a specific page. "I'm finding Runes to be a more difficult subject than what I would have expected, but do you see this? This right here? This is precisely what Professor Babbling was talking about in class!" As per usual, Hermione had leapt directly from casual conversation into the beginnings of a lecture. "In fact, let me write down a few notes here… oh drat, I misplaced my quill!" "Did you have it when you entered the library?" Luna asked. "Well, I thought I did…" Hermione started to rifle through her own bookbag, but didn't see any quills. "But it just disappeared somehow." "You can borrow one of mine," Luna offered, handing Hermione a quill. "I collect quills, so I always have some on hand. And don't worry, yours will come back eventually. It was probably just taken by Nargles, and they'll give it back once they're bored with it. Look: they also stole my shoes, so I've had to walk around in just my socks." Luna shifted in her seat and stretched her leg out, revealing a long sock in bright striped colors. "There's a lot of Nargles around the castle this year; I think all the Dementors nearby have them stirred up." Hermione looked perplexedly at Luna's leg before she moved it back under the table, and then, trying to regain her composure, gestured back toward the book with Luna's quill. "Alright, well, anyway, I've started to decipher these, and I think that… wait, I'm sorry, what on Earth is a Nargle? " "Oh!" Luna said in surprise. "Well, that's easy! A Nargle is a small fuzzy animal that takes people's things when they're not looking. They tend to travel in packs, you see, and they're very good at camouflage. They'll stay away if you have one of these ," – Luna held up her necklace – "but I can teach you other methods to use as well." Hermione's look of perplexity returned, and she set down Luna's quill and scratched her head. "There's no such thing as a Nargle," she stated flatly. "How do you know?" inquired Luna, tilting her head to the side and then back. "You hadn't even heard of them until two minutes ago!" "But I've never read about them in a book," Hermione stated in a flustered tone which she was doing her best to keep at a library-appropriate level. Gathering herself, she looked straight at Luna and continued in a calmer voice: "Look, if Nargles were real, somebody would have studied them and written about them in a book, right? But they aren't mentioned in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them , and they aren't mentioned in The Monster Book of Monsters , and they aren't mentioned in any other book I've ever read. And if something isn't in a book – and not just any book, but one that contains well-documented evidence – well, then, that thing just isn't real. Now take this rune diagram for instance…" Hermione seemed to think the matter was settled, but as she attempted to resume her lecture, she saw that Luna was pulling something else out of her bookbag. "Here," said Luna gently, smiling as she placed the object on the table. "It's not a book , per se, but it does have several accounts about Nargles written in it. Just look in the back section there, where all the information on magical creatures is." Glancing over out of curiosity, Hermione saw that the object was a magazine: one which she had seen occasionally but had never cared about that much. "Oh, Luna," Hermione said with a chuckle. "That's just The Quibbler . You shouldn't be reading that or taking it seriously. It's the silliest magazine in the world. They'll print anything that anybody sends in, whether it's true or not." Luna's smile had faded, and was now replaced with a more downcast look. "Well, you shouldn't call it silly …" she said weakly. "Maybe if you actually look inside, you'll have a different opinion…" "It's alright, Luna," Hermione smiled reassuringly. "I'm sure The Quibbler meant well when it was founded. But over the years, so many people have sent in wild conspiracy theories that they overheard somewhere, or else made up themselves, that now the whole magazine's just one big joke because everyone's treated it like a joke for so long. And the editor should know better, but I guess he doesn't care… He probably can't tell what's true from what's fake, anyway." Luna looked even unhappier now. "That wasn't a very nice thing to say about somebody you've never even met. The editor is a very smart person, and he's not judgmental at all, and besides, he's my…" "I don't care what he's like!" interrupted Hermione, incredibly frustrated at Luna's inability to drop this subject and move on to more important things, like runes. "I don't need to meet him to think he's a terrible excuse for a journalist! He's clearly a kook; just look at him!" Picking up the Quibbler issue, she opened it to its first page, which contained a photograph of a befuddled-looking wizard with whitish-blond candy-floss hair. "Honestly, he should be running some sort of practical gag shop, not a magazine! He should be ashamed of himself, this Mister… Mister… oh dear." With a sudden jolt of realization, Hermione saw that the caption below the photo read Xenophilius Lovegood, Editor-in-Chief – "Truth Will Out!" Although she was afraid to do it, she lifted her eyes up and gazed across the table to Luna, whose face was now a full-on scowl. "I would like my quill and my 'silly magazine' back, if you don't mind," Luna said curtly. "I don't think I want to talk to you anymore today." "Wait, Luna, wait…" said Hermione sheepishly as she handed Luna's things back to her and watched her pack them up. "I didn't know. I swear I didn't know…" "That's not an apology," said Luna, gathering up her bookbag. "All you're really saying is that, if you had known, you would have covered up how you felt about my father and his magazine. But thank you for your honesty. I don't thank you for what you said, but I'm glad it was honest, at least. Now I know not to mention my dad or The Quibbler or Nargles or anything else around