Disclaimer: I do not own the Twilight Saga. This is Leah Clearwater's story... I was a little girl who believed in happy endings, and I grew up to be a young woman whisked away into a true love relationship. But the day my Sam was declared missing ignites the spark that twisted my whole reality into ashes. Now I am a woman trapped between worlds, unable to forget my past, watching the things that could have been dangle before me like some sick game of fates. I wasn't always a jealous harpy, but if only they'd listen hard enough to see that. Stolen Child Chapter One: Desertion ... His whispered words would make my lips tremble at the sound of his voice. I shivered again as he planted delicate kisses down my throat, breath hot when it reached my ear to murmur my name. I sighed with my neck titled back, absorbing everything―his scent, his touch, his fingers knotted in my hair, how anything seemed completely insignificant when wrapped in his embrace. "Lee-Lee…" he was calling me now, awaking me from my doze. A smile crossed my lips, my eyes shut. "Hmm?" I moaned in acknowledgement. "Did you fall asleep?" Sam asked. "No," I breathed, brushing my nose against his collarbone. "I was just… mulling in your perfection." He shifted so that his arms could curl around me, and I snuggled closer to his bare chest. I felt hot and sticky with sweat but wasn't bothered. Sam had always radiated a warm glow. "Well, that's a relief," he laughed; I could imagine his grin as he spoke. "I hate to think I was putting you to sleep when I was actually aiming for the opposite effect. That would be a terrible blow to my ego." "Puh-lease. Your ego?" I said playfully. "It could use a good smack around. Or, you know, fifty." "Haha," he muttered. "You have school tomorrow, save your remarks for people who aren't forced to put up with it." "Urgh, school!" I groaned. "Damn you, why did you have to remind me?" Sam chuckled. "It's not my fault your education isn't adequate." "And it's not my fault you're a smart-ass." I resorted. "Ouch," he lifted a hand to his chest. "That one hurt. Seriously Leah, this can be considered a very abusive relationship on my part. I could go to the authorities. Or better yet, the elders ," he grinned. "I'm sure they will right the wrongs with the mystical powers of our ancestors! What with the rituals, and some kind of anti-Sam-insulting charm they can microchip in your brain while you sleep." I disguised my amusement with a pout. "Look who's talking to who about abuse," I stuck out my neck and tapped it with one finger, grinning. "Tell me I can't pull that off for a good shiner, curtsey of my obnoxious boyfriend. Not to mention I'm sure the elders will believe my Sam-is-a-girl-basher story over your petty Leah-is-a-bitch statement." He glared as I flickered my eyelashes girlishly. "I mean, who wouldn't believe a little angel like me?" "I think you mean a little minx like you." "Okay, I confess. I truly lure moronic men into my lair and eat them." "Wow," he said. "This is bad news for me." "You would think so, but I think your one moron I'll keep around a bit longer, if you don't mind." Sam cupped my cheek and brought my forehead to meet his, gently stroking my face. "I really don't mind, baby," he whispered. He pulled away and sat upright against the headboard, lifting me up with him. "But whether you like it or not," he continued in a lighter tone, "you do have school tomorrow. And I'm not about to have Sue Clearwater hunt me down for your dropping grades just because you can't seem to get me out of your head. She kinda terrifies me." I laughed. "What makes you think I'm thinking of you?" His eyebrows rose as he gestured to his bare torso. "Who wouldn't be thinking of me?" "Jeez, fine!" I cried, defeated. "Goodnight then, Sam. Since my grades mean that much to you." He jumped off the bed, stumbling out of the tangled covers and snatching his shirt that was clumped on the floor. "Goodnight, my Lee-Lee..." he bent down his tall frame to match my height and lingered at my mouth, I drew back and his face mirrored my uncertainty. "You still look a little flushed," I explained. "Is that fever from last week still bothering you?" He grimaced. "A little. Not so much anymore. Don't worry, okay?" "Yeah well, giant though you may be, you can still have the weaknesses of us normal people. I mean, look at Superman―a freaking rock, and its all over for him," I teased lightly, my hand rested at his pulse that beat rapidly under my palm. "Rest when you get home, alright?" "I do feel a bit drained," he confessed with a nod. "But my heart always reacts like this around you." I blushed as he held his hand over mine. "Just feel better, promise?" I mumbled. "Promise." He vowed, pecking my lips. "I love you." He told me. "I love you, too." "Sweet dreams." "They'll only be of you, so odds are against me." I smiled wirily. The worry returned when I noticed the sweat beaded on his neck. Sure, we'd gotten pretty hot and heavy not long ago, but this was still Washington, and I was already prepared to dive under my electronic blankets any second now. "Hey, did you want me to walk you hom―?" There was a knock at my bedroom door. I froze, Sam was at my open window so fast I hadn't even noticed, but paused and ran back to kiss me once more. "See you tomorrow," he breathed, not awaiting my reply as he flipped his legs over the windowsill and disappeared. The door knocked again. I let out a deep breath I didn't realise I was holding, my hands fiddling recklessly to smooth my sexed-up hair. "Uh, w-who is it?" I tried my best to sound casual, sleepy. Very I'm-alone-in-my-room, and very not suspicious. I felt like rolling my eyes at myself. The handle turned and my kid brother, Seth, let himself in. He crinkled his nose in disgust at my flushed appearance. "Mum and Dad just got home," he said, sighing dramatically as he moved to sit beside me on my bed. "Thought I'd warn you in advance before you drag me down with you for the whole 'knowing but not telling' thing. I hate it when they call me on that." I relaxed instantly, shoulders slumped. "Thanks. I owe you one, little bro." "Yeah, you really do." "I'll take you cliff diving on Saturday?" I offered happily. Seth grinned, shrugging. "I can take myself, but I would appreciate you and Sam for company." "Deal," I pledged, tossing aside my cover as I embraced him tightly, squishing his cheeks. "Leah!" he groaned, shoving my face away as I spread playful kisses on his forehead. "Ew, gross! Why do you have to be so weird? Urgh! Why me?" Despite Seth's feeble pushes, he squeezed me back, both mulling secretly in the disguised sibling affection. "If Mum and Dad come in," he muttered into my shoulder. "You caught me in your room, and were battling to the death in hugs. Then we never speak of this moment again." I squeezed him gently. "Whatever you say, little bro," I said, ruffling his hair. "Whatever you say." ... School at the reservation was the same as every other day, the same people and setting I've known all my life, but with one change―no Sam. Of course he graduated last year, but everyday he would wait for me, leaning casually against the school gates. That's usually what made the day bearable. But when the final bell rang and I sprinted out of class, the gate was gut-wrenchingly empty. I forced myself not to look miserable. It's not like he was obligated to meet me. Something had probably come up; maybe his scholarship interview had been moved. He would visit, or call me later. Seth caught up to me quickly, and we walked home together. He looked confused at my slightly saddened expression, but didn't comment. I couldn't shake off my strange feeling. When we got home I went directly to my room after mumbling an unenthusiastic greeting to my parents. Sam had been gone longer than twenty hours before, and yet I felt a sense creeping over my head as each minute passed and I sat staring blankly at my text book, fingers twitching beside my phone as I read the same sentence over again for what felt like forever. My mind refused to process the words. Irritated, I slammed the book shut. "Alright," I settled with myself. "I'll just leave him a message…" I snatched the phone and dialled quickly, messed it up, then started again. It rang once. " H-hello? " answered a frantic voice. "Uh, Mrs. Uley?" I stated, stunned. Why the hell was Sam's mother answering his phone? " Oh, Leah! " she sounded relieved. " Please, is he with you? Is he safe? " I turned away from my desk, wrapping my unoccupied arm around my middle. "What?" I demanded. "Who? What's wrong?" " Well, its Sam ," Mrs. Uley spoke quickly, her voice quivering. " H-he didn't come home last night. I don't know where he is, and he didn't call, or leave a note. I was just about to call you, Forks is sending Chief Swan over, but if he doesn't want to be found… oh, Leah, did he tell you where he went? Is he angry with me? I just need to know that he's okay! " My mind froze. "Sam's missing?" I whispered the words; they felt thick on my tongue. "He's gone?" Mrs. Uley let out an involuntary moan of despair. " H-he isn't with you …" "I'm coming over." And with that, I hung up the phone. ... It was incredibly stupid, considering I barely knew anything about the situation, but I couldn't stop the tears from choking through me. Horrible, graphic images swam about my head, plaguing my rational thoughts with circumstances that could have led to Sam's sudden desertion. Your fault! Part of me screamed at the other. If only you hadn't asked him to come see you that night! Selfish, selfish, selfish! The harsh words sent out a fresh sob, I attempted to silence it, having been sitting broodingly around the corner from Sam's house for ten minutes trying to gather my wits before I spoke to his obviously distraught mother. My overly expressive reaction would only make matters worse. I heard sirens and scrubbed away my tears in time to see a police cruiser turning into the street. The noise blocked out the in-my-head voices and, five deep breaths later, I uncrossed my legs and scrambled quickly onto the lawn where Mrs. Uley had stepped out from the porch to meet Fork's Chief of Police. Her nightrobe was wrapped tightly around her, faded mascara running own both her cheeks as she tried desperately to tidy herself. I rubbed under my eyes again, sure to remove any evidence before shoving my hands into the pockets of my jacket. "Emma," Chief Swan greeted her gently, his lips pursed as he closed the cruisers door. "Charlie," she whispered back, her voice shaking. "Thank… thank you for coming." It was then she noticed my approach. Fresh tears coated her eyes as she sidestepped the baffled chief and pulled me into a bone-crushing embrace, shoulders heaving with the velocity of her weeping. Stunned, I stiffened against the dominant urge to cry with her, settling on soothingly patting her back. I hoped it was at least a little comforting. "Leah…" Mrs. Uley snivelled. "Dear, dear Leah… you're here." I knew she was secretly thanking me for my company – someone