So it's been awhile huh? Sorry about that, I decided to buff up and revamp the story a little more. Noticed some things that could be changed/added and so I've been tweaking things again. Mainly some fleshing out and sentence restructuring –been adding dates so it's easier for you guys to keep track of who's when where since for awhile here the story is changing the date pretty frequently, -which will slow as we progress of course, but any-who, there are also some pretty big surprises in here so be sure to read each chapter over if you don't want to be confused- hope you all enjoy it! I promise this will be the last time I shift things this much- not gonna lie, I love to tweak and perfect my work so sometimes if you look hard enough you might notice something, but nothing as big as these alterations will be happening again unless you guys have a request or an idea that I think would sit nicely in one of these chapters! Otherwise this is it for the first three chapters at least- the fourth one will hopefully be perfected soon too! Disclaimer: I own nothing Warnings: Lots of violence/gore- and I mean lots guys, plus cursing. Slash in later chapters. Thinking/Reading: ' What the hell is under there?!' Normal speech: "What is that thing?" Death speaking: " A part of Voldemort, sent here to die ." It begins around what should have been the end. The part in a story where you would hope to see everyone get a happily ever after should be right about here, -but it's not. That's a different story, and this isn't an ending. It's just the beginning… May 2, 1998 After everything he's been through, Harry doesn't know why he's so shocked to realize that he's reached the end of the line. His entire life has been nothing but an uphill battle, and he's always known that his odds of surviving through the war were abysmal at best. Perhaps it's because he's disappointed that after everything, his existence is going to end, not with a bang, but with barely even a whimper. He's fought so hard to survive, but today he must go willingly to his grave as everyone's lives depend on it. There are no alternatives, and no phoenixes have appeared to save him. His unique brand of luck seems to have finally run out, and the only way to truly destroy Voldemort is for him to die as well. If he doesn't do this, then everything he's fought for will have been for naught. He's actually relieved that he'd discovered the piece of Voldemort's soul within him before it was too late. The idea of the Dark Lord wearing his skin to parade around in on raids is horrifying. He refuses to let himself be the reason the war is lost. If his death is the price of success then so be it. As Harry walks further within the woods, Voldemort's booming voice interrupts his internal musings, alerting him that he's close. Choking back the natural fear that urges him to leave before it's too late, he steps into the clearing before Voldemort, resigned to his death. Suspicious red eyes gaze at him, obviously wondering why Harry is making this so easy, but Voldemort doesn't hesitate for long. As the green light of an Avada Kedavra draws closer, Harry opens his arms and welcomes death like an old friend. Harry has no idea how much time has passed when he opens his eyes to find himself lying on the floor in an unfamiliar, glaringly white setting. Confused, Harry struggles to his feet to get a better view of his surroundings. Turning his head to the side, he notices something moving in his peripherals. Curiously, he walks towards the solitary bench in what appears to be an endless train station. Drawing up next to the seat, he crouches down for a closer look. Emaciated bloody hands snap towards him, causing him to rear back. 'What the hell is under there?!' Harry wonders nervously as haunting wails begin emanating from the creature. " You can't help him Harry…" An eerie voice rasps. Whirling around, Harry comes face to face with what can only be described as Death. He isn't afraid; after all he's already dead. He has no reason to fear it. Death's facial bones shift into a distorted grin, as if it can hear his thoughts. " You brave, brave boy… You WONDERFUL boy… Come walk with me," It croaks, motioning Harry forward. Warily, Harry moves towards the dark specter, which turns to begin drifting at his side. Pointing back at the deformed shape weeping underneath the bench, Harry asks, "What is that thing?" " A part of Voldemort, sent here to die," Death responds, gliding along. "So there really is a piece of him inside me," Harry frets, rubbing at his scar. Death shakes its veiled head, then replies , "Not anymore. It was destroyed moments ago by Voldemort himself." Empty eye sockets bore into Harry , "You were the horcrux he never meant to make." Harry ponders the revelation that he's finally free of Voldemort, but then realizes, "I have to go back, haven't I?" " That's up to you," Death replies, with a toothy grin. "We're at a train station, yes?" It casually points out , "So you have a choice to make. If you stay here, you will never be allowed to pass on. However, if you so desire, you'll be able to board a train today… But ONLY today." Harry looks down the neverending tracks longingly, "Where would it take me?" "… On," Death answers simply, staring intently at Harry's unaware back as if wary of his Master's choice. The serious moment is interrupted by a louder wail from the shriveled up piece of Voldemort. Harry glances back, feeling sorry for it, and also strangely drawn to it. Before Harry can decide whether he dares to approach the wretched creature or not, Death hisses , "Unless you want that soul to latch onto you again, I suggest you avoid touching it." Harry sighs, exasperated, "Is this even real or is all of this just happening inside my head?" 'Apparently, I can't escape my problems even when I'm dead,' Harry mulls. Death cackles , "Of COURSE it's all happening inside your head! But why should that make this any less real?" Harry has no answer for it, but he knows what he has to do. Reluctantly he sits on the bench, and watches sadly as the only train he'll ever see passes on without him. Unbeknownst to Harry, Death grins victoriously down at him. "What now?" Harry wonders aloud, not sure what will happen to him. He has no idea how this not-quite-dead stuff works after all. "Now it is time for us to part ways… I shall see you again at the next crossroad my brave little Master," Death murmurs almost fondly, bowing before Harry who is taken aback at the motion. Before he can ask what Death means, the whitewashed world blinks out of existence. When Harry comes to, he almost opens his eyes before realizing that he's back in the forbidden forest, surrounded by Death Eaters. Trying not to tense, he focuses on lying as still as possible across the cold hard earth. Just as he starts panicking over how he's going to escape this situation unscathed, Mrs. Malfoy leans in to take his pulse. As she gently places her fingers to his throat and Harry tenses to attack, Narcissa quietly demands to know, "Is my son alive?" Carefully -hoping no one else can see him- Harry signals Draco's safety with a slight incline of his head. He doesn't know what to expect, but is relieved when in return for his help, Narcissa lies, confirming the Dark Lord's victory. Cheers ring out, and a wailing Hagrid is then forced to carry his 'corpse' back to the school, which is a relief, because it means that no one besides Mrs. Malfoy realizes that he is alive. Upon arriving at Hogwarts, Voldemort starts bragging about his victory, and many people begin to give up hope- which is of course when Harry leaps to his feet and begins firing upon the Death Eaters. With renewed faith, everyone rushes into battle after Harry. The fight that ensues is long and arduous. It is in no way an easy victory, but thanks to Voldemort using a wand that will never obey a false Master, Harry defeats him with a powerful expelliarmus. As the Dark Lord scatters like dust on the wind, Harry catches the Elder Wand with a shaking hand. For the first time in his life, he feels free. ' And powerful…' Harry thinks as he glances down at the legendary wand he now possesses. Gingerly gripping it in his hands, the world around him seems to slow as he considers what he should do with it. The right thing would probably be to destroy it, to break it in half over his knee and let that be the end of it. At the least he should just put it back with Dumbledore to be forgotten in time. ' On the other hand there are still death eaters out there that need to be stopped… I should at least hold onto it until they're taken care of,' Harry decides, blissfully unaware that this line of thought would lead to a future of caving in to the tempting power. For the Elder Wand has a will of its own, and it wasn't about to let itself be tossed aside after it had spent centuries carving a bloody path to reach the frail but oh so perfect hands caressing it. As Harry slips the wand within his pocket, time returns to normal just as the cheering crowd reaches him. A victory celebration to outshine all others kicks off, everyone making merry and toasting to lost friends even as they make new ones. Harry is introduced to hundreds of new people, all wanting to congratulate him -but he can't find the one person he truly wants to see. When he'd accepted death, Harry had also accepted that he'd never see his friends or beloved again, and yet here he was. Alive again with a future full of infinite possibilities that he never dared dream he could have. The only future he desires now is one that he can share with Ginny. He wants what he refused to let himself ponder when he knew death was on the horizon. A life where brown eyes gaze at him with infinite warmth, and red hair tempts him ever higher as they fly across open skies together. He can picture now, how their happy ever after will play out and it fills his heart with eager joy. Ginny will become a professional Quidditch player of course, Harry attending every match to cheer her on. He'll work as an Auror, doing what he does best and chasing down rogue Death Eaters when he's not pouring his heart and soul out to his future lover. If Ginny allows it, they'll have many children -little ones with their mother's hair and his eyes, and he'll treasure them all. It's a beautiful vision, but Harry is getting ahead of himself. He needs to start with a proposal and if all goes well the rest will follow. The problem is that he can't seem to find Ginny. She's been missing for hours, and no one seems to know where she is. He's slowly heading from worry into panic, when a Slytherin student casually informs him of where he can find her. Normally Harry would have been suspicious of the older boy's slick smile, but he's too relieved over the news that someone, anyone, has seen her. Thanking the student, he eagerly races to Gryffindor tower. He's rushing up the rubble-ridden stairs, trying to figure out how he's going to