A/N Stephenie Meyer Owns Twilight. This story is dedicated to Chocaholic123, Errontrisha, SparrowNotes24, Lel2768 & Twilightladies, my wonderful Betas and pre-readers. Thanks for your help ladies. A special thanks to Twilightladies for helping me with date suggestions for Edward and his princess. Happy New Year to everyone and I hope you had a wonderful holiday season. Ours has been incredibly busy, but I am hoping to get back on track now we have no more guests coming to stay. BBC Interview Monday 3rd September 2012 20:00 Charles made himself comfortable on the sofa, beside Carlisle, as Esme ran around filling drinks and fetching snacks before eight. She had invited all of their closest friends and family to the viewing, almost bursting with pride at seeing her son publically declaring his love for Isabella. The two fathers shared a smile at her antics before turning their attention back to the television. The soap opera had finally finished and that meant the exclusive interview would be airing next. Charles was just about to call for Esme when she came running through the door, flattening her hair. "I'm here, I'm here. Did I miss anything? Carlisle, you are recording this, right?" "Yes, my love. Now sit down and enjoy your moment." Charles moved across, making room for Esme to sit down next to her husband, who quickly wrapped his arms around her, placing a delicate kiss to her temple. As happy as he was for Isabella on this big day, he wished Renee had been here to see how happy their baby girl was. He returned his attention to the television as the host of the interview announced who he was and what the show was about. " Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, I am here tonight with Her Royal Highness, The Princess Isabella of Scotland and Dr Edward Cullen. This morning Buckingham Palace released the statement the country has been waiting for. The happy couple have agreed to be here tonight to give us an exclusive interview about their engagement." The host turned and the camera angle changed, showing Edward and Isabella sat together on a black leather couch. Isabella looked radiant in a dark green sequin and lace dress that was both young and fresh, yet, conservative too. Perfect for a future queen announcing her engagement. Her fiancé was flawlessly handsome and respectable in a crisp black suit, white shirt and a grey tie. However, it was the way the couple were seated that led Esme to let out a small squeal of excitement, one Carlisle had heard often since Edward and Isabella became friends. Edward had his right arm around Isabella, his hand resting lightly against her waist while Isabella leaned into his embrace, her left hand, complete with her mother's engagement ring, was resting on Edward's right thigh. While the intimate position was not one people were used to seeing the royal family in, it was one that clearly showed how in love these two young people were. " First, let me offer you both a huge congratulations on your engagement. It is something the media and public have both been speculating on since your graduation, Edward. Can you tell us - why now? What made this the perfect time to pop the question?" Once again, the camera moved its focus away from the host of the show to Isabella and Edward. Carlisle laughed lightly as his son awkwardly cleared his throat to answer the question. While he had been with Isabella for almost six years now and making public appearances for four, Edward was still not used to public speaking. " To be honest, I didn't pick a 'perfect' time. I approached Charles during our hunting trip at the beginning of the season, last year, and asked for his blessing to marry his daughter." " What did he say?" The host interrupted. " He said yes. Actually his exact words were 'What took you so long? I've been waiting for this moment since you asked her to move in with you.'" The house erupted in laughter at that revelation. Charles had been just as tight lipped about the details surrounding the engagement as the couple. " What did take you so long?" The interviewer relaxed back into his seat, crossing his right ankle over his left knee. The royal couple had been notoriously quiet on the subject of their relationship in the past, but today, they seemed more than happy to open up. As he did so, Edward picked up Isabella's hand, resting on his thigh, and began playing with her engagement ring, twisting and turning the band, without seeming to know what he was doing. " I wanted to wait and be sure this was the life she wanted. That I was the one she wanted to spend her life with." Edward's declaration was a surprise to everyone. He and Isabella were very private about their relationship, even with their family and friends. The doubt that pricked at his voice stabbed at all of their hearts. " My father is a surgeon and I knew what kind of hours he worked when I picked the career. Bella didn't. I know it's not easy being away from the person you love for days at a time while they are on call, having that person called away at the drop of a hat for an emergency, cancelling plans to perform surgery and such. My mother said she put up with it because she and my father were soul mates, but I know not all of my father's co-workers' relationships have fared as well. I didn't want Bella to be a casualty of my job. I wanted her to be happy, truly happy, before I tied her to me in every way humanly possible." " And you are, Isabella?" Everyone in the room could see just how happy Isabella was as she turned to face Edward. For the two of them, it was like they had completely forgotten where they were and what they were doing. " I've never been happier in my life." While her words answered the question of the man sat opposite, Isabella never once removed her eyes from her fiancé's face. Edward's lit up at Isabella's confirmation and he leaned down to give her a soft kiss. " I think it is fair to say that is clear for all to see." The interviewer's words broke the spell between the couple and they both turned back to him, Edward's face flushing slightly in embarrassment. "How rude is that man?" Esme huffed from besides Carlisle. "Can he not see they were having a moment? Oh no, all attention has to be on him. Jerk!" Carlisle bit his lip to stifle his laugh and rubbed his wife's arm to calm her down. The rest of the room were not as subtle. " So, now we know why it took so long for Edward to propose, I want to know about the proposal, Isabella." " What would you like to know?" " Everything. Start at the beginning." Isabella chuckled, made herself more comfortable on the sofa, and then began her story. " Well, Edward had flown me to Canada for a holiday as a surprise. We had been joking about what to do with his time off and I said I would love to ski. So he made it happen. The last day of our first week in Lake Louise, Edward woke me early with breakfast in bed, and he told me he had booked me into a spa for the day to help ease my muscles after all of the falls I had taken on the slopes. I just thought he was being really sweet." Isabella paused to look up at her future-husband and he placed a tender kiss to the knuckle just above her engagement ring. " Apparently, he just wanted me out of the cabin. When I came back the whole place had been transformed. It was lit with fairy lights and candles, there were bouquets of cava lilies, my favourite flowers, all around and I could smell my favourite meal cooking in the kitchen. I found Edward in the dining room where he had set a table for three. He took my hand, pulled me into the middle of the room, told me how much his life changed when he found me, how much he loved me, and how it hurt him to be away from me, even if it was for a day at work." Isabella paused again, swiping at her tears. As they watched in the living room, neither Edward or Isabella's family and friends had a dry eye. " He said every day he found something new about me that made him love me a little more and he wanted to feel that way for the rest of his life. Then, he sank down onto one knee and asked me if I would do him the honour of adding the title of his wife to my many others. I didn't even see the ring. I just threw myself into his arms yelling 'Yes, yes, yes,' until I went hoarse." Everyone in the interview room chuckled and it gave Isabella the time she needed to dry her eyes and compose herself. It helped that Edward had leaned down to whisper how much he loved her when he thought the cameras weren't looking. " And what a ring it is." The camera zoomed in on Isabella's left hand, which Edward still held in his right, and focused on the gorgeous ring that now sat there. The bright emerald twinkled under the many studio lights and was framed by twelve stunning diamonds set onto a platinum band. It was a true work of art and a piece of British history. "This was your late mother's engagement ring," The host stated, holding his hand out for Isabella's, to get a better look at the ring. How did you decide upon this one, Edward?" " I didn't, actually. When I decided to propose to Bella, I brought my own engagement ring. I took it with me to show Charles how serious I was about proposing and how much I loved his daughter. He offered me Renee's ring to propose with and told me how much it would mean to him, if I chose to use it." Edward took a small sip of water to gather his thoughts. "Of course, there was no way I could refuse that offer. I knew it would mean just as much to Bella as it would to her father. So I proposed with her mother's engagement ring." " What did you do with the one you brought?" Edward allowed a small smile to settle over his lips. "When I told Bella about the ring I had brought we discussed what to do with it. At first, we considered keeping it, as it was a new part of our legacy as a family. But then we settled on a better idea. We're going to auction it off on the anniversary of Renee's passing and all of the proceeds from the sale will be split between the cancer research and support charities that we back. King Charles will double the donation as our wedding gift. Until then, Bella is wearing it on her right hand. " The camera zoomed in on Isabella's right hand to show a beautiful diamond ring. This one would have been spectacular, had it not been for the iconic ring on her left hand. The cushion cut centre diamond was surrounded by smaller ones that formed a frame. Even more diamonds lined the band of the ring. It was easily worth tens of thousands of pounds, but having been worn by a princess would make its value in the millions when it was auctioned. " That is a wonderful gesture and I am sure you will make a huge difference to your chosen charities." The host looked genuinely surprised this