Title: A Light in the Dark Author: Ice Cube Rating: PG – PG-13 (K+ – T) Spoilers: For FotR movie verse, other stories that I have written or am currently writing Disclaimer: Right, if I owned them anywhere outside of my dreams, the characters that are forthwith mentioned in this story would be making me a lot of money and very happy…so no, they aren't mine, and I'm a broke college student who has no money, so if you're going to sue, feel free, you won't get anything. Characters: Aragorn, Legolas, Elladan, Elrohir, Elrond…the Fellowship is mentioned Archives: Feel free; just let me know where so I can find it again. Summary: Past meets present when the Watcher pulls down the entrance to Moria…written for the Fellowship Followers Challenge 6 Warnings: To those who think that I am capable of writing a fic that is torture free…I can't, and thus, if you don't want to see h/c, various possible tortures, and other forms of angst, find another story. Also, to those of you looking for slash, when I mean friendship and brotherhood, I take that in the trust you with my life and have no problem telling you about my current crush who is of the opposite sex way. In other words, if you're looking for slash, you won't find it here. By the way, like almost everything I've ever written, it's AU, so take that into account. Gilraen is missing from this and all my stories, and for anyone who doesn't assume that Elrond took Estel in as his son and the twins thought of him as a brother, I do…so…yeah…that happens in this. Besides, it says that Elrond took in Estel as a son somewhere in the appendices anyway… I don't have my stories beta'd, I'm too impatient to wait for someone to proof it after I've written it, so I apologize for any mistakes, and if you email me to tell me that they're there, I'll fix them later. Reviews are always a plus, it's great to know that people are reading my stories and like them, but as I'm a horrible reviewer, I won't hold my breath for them. Flames, however, will be treated with the utmost respect they deserve…they will be ignored completely or poked fun at with friends. That said, on with the tale… The octopus like creature extended its tentacles out one last time, groping in the dark for the one it sought. Being rewarded only with pain and lost limbs, the Watcher grasped onto the rocks and pulled them to the ground, trapping the Fellowship in the long dark of Moria. Darkness settled on the group like a burial shroud, blanketing and suffocating all who were unlucky enough to be caught in its clutches. No matter what he did, Aragorn could not see around him, could not focus on Legolas' natural light enough to quell old fears. His hand tightened down on the hilt of his sword, sweat beaded on his forehead and trickled down the back of his neck – sending a cold shiver down Aragorn's back. The memories he thought long buried, the fears he thought were long passed came crashing down on him like the rocks themselves. Though he kept his feet, Aragorn was thrown back; thrown back to a time of more innocence, when he was only thirteen years old. Estel raced from the Last Homely House with tears in his eyes. Elladan had told him that his pet might not make it, and the boy was furious. The salty wetness stung the scratches on his face from his last misadventure and blinded his path from him. Estel did not care. He only wanted to be away from life as he knew it; he didn't want to think of what would happen if the dog died. Yet before he knew it, the teenager only wanted to be safe at home with Sador and the rest of his family. He recognized the place he found himself only too well, and nervousness started to creep into his thoughts. This place was one of the local haunts for the Elflings that inhabited Imladris, but for Estel, it was only a place of pain and taunting. The few times that the human had wandered mistakenly into this clearing, he had paid for it dearly. At the present, he did not see any of his tormentors, and Estel was not one to tempt the Fates, distraught or not. He had made it back to the safety of the treeline when he felt it. When he looked down there was a light colored hand resting on his shoulder, just longer than his own. He closed his eyes and gulped when the sound of laughter reached his ears; he really was in trouble now. Schooling his features, Estel stowed the fear away and turned to face the Elves. Bitter resentment laced the eyes of the Elfling holding onto the boy, and an evil grin spread across his face. "Back for more fun, Edain?" The grip tightened until bruises were forming on Estel's skin, and he knew there was no getting out of this one. He sighed and dropped his head, stepping back out of the way of the first punch that was aimed for his stomach. Estel could never understand why these Elves hated him so. The first blow that got past Estel's defenses clipped his eye and stunned him just long enough for three of the boys to knock him to his hands and knees. With one boy sitting on the back of his legs and the other two stepping on his hands, the Elflings laid into their target with all they had. A flurry of fists and feet attacked Estel's vulnerable ribs and face as he tried to pull in on himself. His left hand came free first and with it he used the momentum to drop to that shoulder and roll out of the circle. Launching himself to his feet, Estel clutched his stomach and forced the pain out of his awareness, setting for the boys to attack him again. He never saw it coming. Still near the cover of the trees, Estel had been so preoccupied with his own existence and continuing it that he didn't notice the Elfling that took to the branches until he felt the weight on his back. It was the last thing he remembered as he crumpled to the ground, letting the promise of blissful sleep claim him. Estel woke once to the sensation of being carried. He groaned and tried to open his eyes, but found the task required too much effort and simply settled more comfortably into the arms that held him, once more falling into darkness. He missed the sounds of laughter. "Look at the dumb Edain, thinking that he is but a babe in his mother's arms. Let's take him to the caves." Estel woke again when he was thrown to the ground and rolled to a stop between two boulders. Gasping in pain, the boy let his instincts govern him as he launched to his feet, swaying momentarily. He shook his head to try and clear it even as he was bringing his fists up to guard his face. The last thing he remembered clearly was pain, and so he set his feet for an attack and peered into the darkness. Estel couldn't hear anything, nor could he see anyone. Not ready to drop his guard, the boy wondered idly if the other Elflings had simply left him there. In a cave that was as small as this one felt, Estel was sure that the natural light of the Elves should be filling his vision. Slowly, however, he began to hear whispers. They spoke of his weakness, and how he was a disgrace. The voices were almost ethereal, and Estel found himself convinced that the ghosts of the past were coming down on him. He blinked rapidly and then opened his eyes wide, trying not to focus on any one thing to see through the black. Out of the corner of his left eye, Estel thought he could see the lithe body of an Elf, and took a chance. Before any of the hidden boys could react, Estel had launched himself into one of his tormentors and knocked them both to the ground. Renewed vigor flowed through the human when he hit flesh and found that his ghosts were as alive as he was. Wrestling, the two boys traded advantages and blows, both trying to keep the upper hand. Finally, past hurts and human endurance caught up with Estel, and when he faltered for a single second, he let his defenses be breached. The feelings of weightlessness sent his stomach into his throat before he slammed back against a stalagmite and tumbled to the ground. Rising slowly to his hands and knees, Estel wondered what could make him tremble so badly. It took him an instant longer to realize that he wasn't trembling, the ground was. Panic gripped the young ones as the rumble of rocks falling assaulted their ears. They all started racing each other for the exit, often stumbling over one another and tumbling to the ground. Estel felt someone crash into his knees and send him face first into the dirt. He didn't wait to see if they rose; his brothers had spent most of his years frightening him with stories of cave-ins, and he didn't want to experience being trapped firsthand. Thinking better of his actions, Estel turned to help the Elfling up and was knocked flat onto his back. He found himself trapped, and no matter how much he struggled, he couldn't rise. One last resounding crack sounded and the rumbling intensified until Estel was sure his ears would burst. Then all was silent. When Estel woke, coughing, he instinctively tried to wrap his arms tightly around his aching ribs. Fear spiked through him when he could not move. He tried again, jerking erratically against whatever held him. The boy's head whipped back and forth, searching for something to focus on, but no matter what he did, it looked as though he was staring into the back of his eyelids. Estel could see nothing. He could hear nothing. There was no distinct smell. He could feel nothing. It seemed that he was in a large void. Drip. Drip. Drip. Drip. The sound of some liquid plunking against the ground made its way through the void, and Estel calmed a little. He tried to take a deep breath, but it felt like a troll was pushing its palm against the boy's chest, squeezing his lungs against his spine. Short choppy breaths replaced his attempts at breathing normally, and soon he could hear a distinct wheeze with each passage of air. Fearful of being squished, Estel fought harder against his entrapment until he once again passed out. Estel wasn't sure how long he had been out, but when he came to, he found that there was no change in his situation. Relaxing back against whatever was supporting his back, the boy began to systematically discover what his surroundings were. When he didn't try to jerk himself free, Estel found that he could move his toes and ankles. His knees were trapped, but whatever was holding them down felt pliable. He thought that if he tried, he could wiggle out from under that. Estel sat up straight and tried to pull himself backwards. He could sit straight up, but couldn't twist left or right. With a sigh, the boy slumped back and was surprised that he hadn't noticed himself groan, even though he heard it. From there, Estel focused on his fingers. They moved backwards easily enough, but every time he tried to make a fist, his left hand cramped and shot fiery pain up through his elbow and his right pushed against something soft. Curious, Estel prodded the object some more. Stretching his fingers out as far as