So, I realize I already have two pretty successful stories at the moment, but this one's been at the corner of my mind for a while now, and I really wanted to get it down on paper. I may not be continuing this, based on views/reviews, although unless it's a dismal failure I probably will continue it. Let me clear a couple of things up: this is a very, very AU story. The British rule most of the world, although they don't know what lies across the Atlantic Ocean. They do know that west of them are the ancient lands of the Greeks— savages who sail up and down the ocean plundering and pillaging whatever they come across. The Greek gods do exist, although the Demi-gods don't have powers, unless mass reviews say otherwise. Diary of Annabeth Chase It was a calm day at sea today— gentle swells lapping at the side of the boat, but not much more. The sun was shining brightly on the deck and I could hear the men bustling around upstairs. The crew of the S.S Arthur never slept, it seemed. I was currently standing on the port side of the massive ship, enjoying the sea breeze that made my long golden hair fly in the win. It was common courtesy for a lady to wear her hair up when she was outside, but none of the crewmembers cared if I broke the rules, probably because I was their best navigator. Lieutenant Annabeth Chase, that is. At age five, I was found on the beach of England, deserted by my parents and left to die. I would have, had I not been spotted by no other than the legendary Frederick Chase— not of bloodline, incase you were wondering. He spotted me from out at sea and sent men in rowboats to collect me. From there, I had been sent to Sea School— common for boys my age, but I was the first girl to be admitted. At age twelve, I graduated top of my class and was assigned to the ship S.S Arthur, where I was currently working. Our job, as under the command of King Arthur IV, was to act as the law keepers of the sea— we sailed from England to Spain and back again, sometimes hugging the coast, sometimes going as far out as maps allowed. We sank ships, we picked up strays, and we conquered islands. Veni, Vedi, Vici. That was our motto. We came, we saw, we conquered, all under the kings name. Our Captain, Octavian, was a brutal man, but a brilliant one non the less. Any foreign land we came across, we were permitted to engage in warfare and conquer for England. It was around noon when the shout went up, from the lookout point: "Ship-ho!" I pulled my telescope from my pocket, flipped it open with a clean snap of my wrist and peered through it. Sure enough, there was another ship— at least twice the size of ours, wide and slow, flying the Spanish flag. It sat in the water, unmoving. It looked like… "Galleon!" I yelled, closing my telescope and sprinting to the crows' nest. Several people had already made the same assumption as me and were running around excitedly; a Spanish Galleon floating helpless in the waters was not something you saw every day. Already, Octavian was appearing from his cabin, sword clutched in his hand. "I hear Galleon!" he said excitedly. He had sharp features and blonde hair, around twenty-five. Usually to young to be commanding a ship of this importance, but with his over-average intelligence and letters of recommendation, there was no way to turn him down. "Thirteen degrees port, sir!" one of the men yelled. Octavian pulled out his own telescope and opened it, peering out at the ship that was now just a smudge on the horizon. "Well I'll be dammed," he said quietly. "A Spanish Galleon, floating helpless in the waters. What'd you think might happen to it, lads?" he turned towards the crew. "It might catch fire," One suggested mischievously. "It could easily be mistaken for a pirate ship," another one grinned. I understood where they were going: Galleons were the floating banks of the Spanish Navy, stacked high with gold and precious jewels. No man, honest or not, could turn down an opportunity like this. "Aye, I could see that happening," Octavian agreed. He turned his eyes to me. "What say you?" "Well," I answered, studying it carefully. "It obviously got separated from the fleet that was sailing to France a couple of months ago. I say, under present circumstances and the obvious bad weather, it would be easy to mistake the Galleon as an enemy ship. I think we would sink it, the treasure sadly lost in the depths." "Aye," Octavian agreed quietly. "I could see that happening." Then he turned to the rest of the men. "Full speed ahead! Raise the sails! Turn towards the Galleon! We'll be feasting like kings tonight, boys!" Slowly, we made out way across smooth sea, gliding at a speed of twelve knots— the fastest ever achieved by a ship of our size. The Galleon grew larger and larger— small in comparison to some, but no doubt packed with enough gold and gems to keep us all happy for the rest of our lives. And yet, something wasn't right. The Galleon was sitting far too high in the water. Should it have been packed with treasure, it would have been low in the waves, the weight of all the gold bringing it down. But it sat nearly three-quarters out of the sea. I tried to explain the to Octavian, but he just shrugged it off, his eyes alight with gold fever, and told me to get ready to board. Shrugging off my suspicion, I went to grab a hat and a cloth bag to fill with treasure— my own keep. We were within firing range now, but no move was made for the cannons. We would only sink the ship once we had looted it of everything valuable, from gold and treasures down to candles and coils of rope. We weren't common pirates. We were crusaders of the King, and this was our duty. It was required that two-thirds of out loot immediately be transferred to the royalty of Britain— a calculation that I would no doubt have to make, once we were done. Still, if this Galleon held half as much treasure as normal, none of us would ever have to worry about money again. We were even closer now— about five hundred meters, no more. Almost all our men were ready to board, armed with grappling hooks and planks of wood. And that's when things started to go wrong. Suddenly, bubbles began to erupt around the ship, bursting to the surface and popping. Our ship swayed— not an alarming amount, but enough to make the men pause. The 'Galleon' was sinking rapidly, turning as it lowered into the water with calculated precision. My mind was whirling with a hundred different possibilities; maybe there was a hull in the ship, or some sort of fail-safe to sink if enemy boats approached? But even I couldn't predict what happened next. With a whoop, lines shot out from the other ship and latched onto our bow. The pulled taunt in an instant and we lurched dangerously , sending men stumbling. The Spanish flag erupted in flames, burning away in a second, and in it's place another flag now flapped in the wind: black, with a Greek Omega and the symbol on a staff with two snakes wrapped around it. "Pirates!" I yelled frantically, recognizing the symbol in an instant. The Marauders of the Greek sea, they rarely ventured up into our waters, although when they did they left destruction in their wake. "PIRATES!" Octavian bellowed. "MAN THE CANNONS! LOWER THE SAILS!" Men were now scrambling around, all thoughts of riches gone from their mind. Now it was all about survival. I pulled my pistol out, checked it was loaded and prepared for a fight. I may have been a lady, but that didn't mean I couldn't protect myself— least against a good-for-nothing untrained pirate. They were savages, the lot of them. The air was suddenly filled with soft, almost inaudible twangs . I looked around, bemused, but saw nothing. What was that sound? Then I saw the arrow hit the deck, and understood in a second. Bows and arrows! Who used those anymore? The least they could do is get some real weapons, besides swords and arrows. Despite the primitive weapons, their aim was impressive. Men were dropping left and right, impaled through the eyes or the throat. I heard a soft whoosh of air, and before I could react one was sticking out of my arm. The pain was incredible— not unlike a bullet, I would be willing to bet. And then I saw them— the Greek Pirates, making their way across the ropes, armed with swords and clubs. No match for our guns, surely— but I wasn't so confident. I raised my pistol and fired a shot, watching with satisfaction as one of the men splashed into the water, dead. That would teach them to mess with Annabeth Chase. And then they were aboard out ship, swinging their swords and yelling savagely. I saw one— a black haired boy, taller than the others and with a sense of power and authority around him. He was dressed in silver and green armor, with a bronze sword and a shield to match. And he was wreaking utter havoc— spinning across the deck, knocking men overboard and slashing with his sword. Our men fought back, but there were too many Greeks, and we were already weakened from the arrows. I hunkered beneath a crate of food, pistol clutched tightly in one hand. I could have rushed into the fight, but I didn't. I had to wait, see how this would play out, and then strike when they were least expecting it. The battle was over in mere minutes— mainly due to the raven haired boy and two others— one short with dark hair as well, the other with bright blond hair and blue eyes, much like Octavian. When the last of our men had either surrendered or were dead, the Captain stepped forwards— about nineteen, with sandy blonde hair, sharp blue eyes and holding a large, thick sword. He smiled as he looked at the swift precision his men had taken down mine. "Is the ship secure?" he asked. The raven-haired boy stepped forwards. He was unscathed save a cut on his arm, but it didn't seem to be bothering him. The arrow in my arm, on contrast, hurt a great deal. "It's ours, Luke," he said. "I told you my plan would work." The Captain—Luke— smiled. "Don't let it get to you, Percy," he said. His eyes twinkled with humor, and I had to wonder if he really was a pirate. They were supposed to be a savage lot, but these people seemed almost organized. Humane. Civilized. Luke strode closer to me, and I saw my chance. I may die, but I would at least kill their captain, and I didn't have much to live for. My friends were dead and my ship was taken over. I might as well go out in a blaze of glory. Taking a deep breath, I made sure my gun was loaded, before popping up, cocking back the hammer and shooting Luke in between the eyes. He was fast, but not fast enough. My bullet was already in the air when he turned to look at me. The last thing he saw was my defiant face, before he was shoved backwards into the railing of the ship. "Luke!" the other blond yelled, streaking forwards towards me with his sword raised. I rolled to the side and leveled my gun, but he kicked it away and