A/N: There is no Renesmee, and no cottage in the woods. I hope you enjoy... And huge thanks to Project Team Beta and Bree for making this readable (English is not my native language, if you're wondering). Chapter 1: Fire and Flight Bella and Jasper were running toward home after hunting. They usually kept company hunting nowadays since they were the ones who needed to hunt more than the others. Bella had good control, but she still preferred not to be too thirsty, and Jasper made similar precautions; hence, they were hunting every week instead of every other week like the others. Of course, it was more fun to hike with the rest of the family, but both Bella and Jasper had made an effort in making their own, shorter trips as fun as possible. They were running quite slow, being full with the blood of two bears and a herd of deer they had come across. It had been an unusually good hunt, and Emmett would be real grumpy that he had missed out. They laughed and joked, teasing each other. Bella was happy Jasper had warmed up to her. He was so much fun when he wanted to, and he could tell the most amazing stories. It was a beautiful summer's day. Insects flew lazily through the air, and flowers spread their sweet scents through the forest. The whole family was preparing to go on their various vacations. Of course, they could all travel when they wanted to, but they usually waited until Carlisle was free from the hospital. Bella and Edward had planned to go to Europe—Paris and Madrid—and maybe some other places. Bella had never been to Europe—unless you counted the trip to Volterra—and Edward wanted to show her everything he knew she would like: the museums, the libraries, the old architecture. Bella was looking forward to this very much. They hadn't really been alone since the honeymoon. And even if it were the same for all of them, living together in the big house, some privacy would be nice. Charlie was going to come and say happy journey in three days, so Bella figured she might have to hunt again just before that, just in case, but for now she was so full she couldn't get anything more down. It was nice to still be able to include Charlie in her life and not being forced to move away from Forks. It had been over two years since she was changed and she had never felt better. She loved her new life, she loved Edward, and she loved her new family. Sure, she had lost some—she could never see Angela again for example—but she had gained so much that it easily outweighed the things she'd lost. Suddenly, she could hear Jasper laugh beside her as they were running. "You look a little off there, Bella. Want to race home?" He had a wicked grin on his face. She stuck her tongue out at him and made a face. "You know I'm completely full, Jazz. You just want an easy victory!" He laughed and picked up his pace. She groaned a little but kept up. They were closing in on home when suddenly they both heard a sound they had not expected. A wolf howled in the distance. They both stopped. Jasper looked at Bella. "Do you recognize that voice?" he asked. Bella shook her head. She knew all the wolves in La Push and their voices; this was not one of the Quileute wolves. Suddenly, they heard a scream, and they knew that voice: Rose. Without another word, they started running again, a lot faster than before. Bella could see Jasper overtake her, but he didn't gain that much —she was fast. The sounds and scents coming at them from their home gave Bella shivers. It smelled like wolf and sounded like fighting; they could hear loud growls and barks. She didn't understand. Who were these wolves? Jasper halted abruptly by the river before jumping and stopped Bella in her track. His grip on her arm was very hard, but the scene that met them was so horrifying she didn't even notice. Huge wolves had surrounded the house and were attacking their family. Jasper made a quick count: fifteen wolves, give or take a few. He had never seen a pack of this size. He could see Rose lying on the ground, her head severed from her body and her limbs broken and in pieces. He saw Emmett desperately trying to fight off four wolves with just one arm, the other gone. He saw Edward and Carlisle obviously trying to make a path for Esme and Alice. Alice got caught when she tried to dodge out of the way, and a huge brown wolf threw her into the wall of the house with a loud crash. The wolf pounced as soon she was on the ground. Jasper took a step forward in an attack crouch, ready to leap. Esme got free and ran toward him and Bella, fear in her eyes and clothes torn. She was not going to make it. She threw a bag at the same time a wolf caught her. "Run!" she screamed. "Run! Save her, Jasper!" Jasper straightened and caught the bag just as he saw both Carlisle and Edward being taken down by more wolves. His mind told him this was a lost fight; they could not win. He wanted to kill these wolves, sink his teeth in their necks, crush their bones, but his military self took command; there was no way out except flight. And he had someone who needed him. With a huge effort, forcing himself to be ruled by rationality rather than his feelings, he turned to Bella. She was even paler than usual, her face a mask of terror. And then she screamed. It was a piercing scream—a scream of pain. He gripped her arms and turned her violently to face him. He stared into her golden eyes, now filled with fear and anguish. "Run, Bella!" he screamed at her, and she did. He held her hand, steering her away from the hunting wolves that were following, going east. It didn't take long until he himself felt a pain in his chest so severe; he had never felt anything like it. He knew what it was, but he didn't allow himself to think about it. Mere seconds had passed, and yet, their whole lives were upside-down. With huge determination, he shoved the pain to the back of his mind. Bella didn't want to understand. The pain in her chest was overriding anything else. It was worse than the pain of the change in a way. But it wasn't a burning; it was a sharp pain, stabbing, as if it was carving a hole in her chest where her heart used to be. She ran, hand in hand with Jasper, and she could hear the wolves behind them. She didn't know where they were running, but she didn't care. The pain made everything else seem redundant. She didn't know for how long they had been running, but suddenly, they were on a cliff and diving into the water. She still followed Jasper, and he led her through the water, obviously having a goal. They got out of the water on a rocky shoreline by a road. Bella fell to her hands and knees, and finally accepting what had just happened, why her chest hurt like that, she threw up what blood she had left in her stomach after the morning hunt. Jasper looked back out over the water behind them. The wolves were not following, as he had hoped. When Bella was done being sick, he made her sit up and look at him. Her eyes were dead. There really was no other word for what he saw in them. Almost black again since she had no more blood in her system, they were flat, the depth gone. And her emotions … They were so dark he had to try and shield himself from them or they would knock him down in a pit he wasn't sure he would be able to crawl up from. He sat down beside her and opened the bag. It was one of those waterproof things, and he was glad it was when he saw what was in it. It was filled with cash, and he found his wallet in there as well. It held his credit cards and his driver's license; this was going to make things much easier. On the bottom, under the cash, he could see something else. It looked like a sheet of paper. He decided not to look at it now; he didn't have time for breaking down just yet. He looked at Bella again. She stared out over the water, but her eyes didn't really see anything. "Bella?" he asked gently. She turned her head and looked at him as if she didn't really know what was going on. He knew that look all too well; she was shutting down to cope. He really didn't want to think of how often, in his distant past, it was he who had caused such haunted eyes. "Bella, we need to move. Come on; don't shut down on me just yet, little sister." To that she reacted a little—a small movement. She blinked her eyes and then she stood up; he joined her. He took her hand, and they started walking along the road toward the lights that were Seattle. Jasper bought a cell phone then checked them into a small motel on the outskirts of the city. He paid for three nights in advance, not knowing when they would be able to leave. The room only had one double bed, but he really didn't care, it was not as if they needed it. Bella sank down on the floor by the foot of the bed while Jasper emptied the bag on top of it. The piece of paper he had seen before ended up at the top of the pile—it was a simple piece of stationary, with handwriting he knew all too well. He would read it soon. There was also a clear CD case with a note inside it that said "I love you forever" in Edwards's scripture. Jasper knew what this was. With a heavy heart, he kneeled by Bella's side. "Edward left this for you." She looked at him, still with that faraway look on her face. When he held up the CD, she stretched out her hands hesitantly and took it, reading the words, tracing them with her fingertips, and then clutching it hard to her chest. Her eyes were suddenly filled with pain and despair, and Jasper had to make an effort not to keel over from the flow of emotions. He gathered all of his strength and managed to send her some calm before he succeeded in blocking her out. He rose from her side and grabbed the cell; he had some calls to make before he could allow himself to really accept what had happened. The first call was to Tanya in Denali. The six vampires up there were family, and they deserved to know first. Tanya answered after a few rings. "Hello?" Her voice was a bit apprehensive; she didn't know the number that was calling. "Hello, Tanya, this is Jasper." "Jasper? How nice to hear from you! It has been far too long since any of you Cullens gave us a call," she sang with her beautiful voice. "I'm so sorry, Tanya, but there has been a real … tragedy." Tanya went silent. He didn't know how to continue, the grief started to edge in on his mind. When she spoke again her voice was worried and all business. "Jasper? Are you still there? What's happened?" "They were attacked, Tanya. We were attacked. By shape-shifters, huge wolves. But not the Quileutes; others, who we don't know." "What? But