Author Note: The beginning of this story was originally uploaded as 'Troublemaker', I'm going to edit and post here, with the ending. Chapter One "Renée, you don't have to do this!" I pleaded with my mom as I clung to the arm of her beefcake boyfriend. "Renée! Mom, please!" I pulled the suitcase Phil had just packed in the car out and threw it on the garden. Phil looked up at my mom; she nodded at him. He walked back into the house without sparing me a glance. "Mom, Mommy? Please, I'll be good! I promise! Don't send me away!" My panicked voice raised in pitch until I hardly recognised it as my own. My mother turned to me and crossed her arms over her chest, "Don't pull that shit with me young lady." "Wha..." "I have given you plenty of second and third chances but you always throw them back at me. This was the last straw!" Renée sighed deeply and shook her head. "I just can't handle it anymore, Bella. I'm sorry." My mother stepped to the side to let Phil past. He placed another two bags into my car. I ignored him and narrowed my eyes at my traitor mother. "No you're fucking not!" I spat at her, Phil sucked in a surprised gasp but my mother's mask of disappointment didn't change. "If you were sorry you wouldn't be sending me away. You'd be helping me and loving me like any other half decent mother!" This time my mother did let out a startled sob; I let it spur me on. "Instead you are shipping me off to my deadbeat dad!" I crossed my arms over my chest; my hands gripped my upper arms and squeezed instead of forming their usual fists. "What is it, out of sight out of mind huh, mom ? If you send me away and don't have to see me, it will be like your disappointment of a daughter doesn't exist?! That what you thought?" "Bella." My mom chocked out the word as tears fell from her eyes. "I don't want to send you away; I just don't know what else to do." The tiredness and regret in her voice nearly broke down my hard exterior before I remembered that she was sending me away. "Being with your father might be good for you, Honey. Getting away from your friends will be good for you." "Especially that punk ass loser of a boyfriend and his crazy sister." Phil slammed the car door shut and moved to stand behind my mother. "And what the hell is it to you, Phil?" I turned my steely gaze on him. "Your dick still all bent out of joint 'cuz Rose wouldn't sit on it?" I laughed. "Isabella, do not talk to him like that!" "Why not? He's said a lot worse to me and my friends." I raised an eyebrow at my mother, challenging her to argue this again, Phil laughed sardonically. "Not this again, Bella," My mother sighed. I threw my hands up in the air. "Fucking hell, mother! What would it take for you to believe your only daughter over the man you've been boinking for the past year!" "I trust Phil..." "Oh, and you don't trust me?" I laughed out bitterly. "Fantastic." "Have you given me a reason to trust you lately?" I didn't answer and my mother continued. "What with you staying out all night doing god knows what, coming home drunk or high or both, skipping classes, and visits from the police at all hours. I don't see how I am supposed to trust you Bella." I rolled my eyes. Renée walked over to me, leaving Phil to watch from behind and put her hands on my shoulder. "Bella, sweetie, I'm sorry. I have to do this, for your own good." Another eye roll. To hell with my own good! I wanted to stay here with my girls and my boy. "Go and stay with your father for a while, let everything calm down and then we'll see about you coming back after the school year." "Don't do me any favours." I shrugged my shoulders from under my mother's grasp and stalked towards my car. I ran my fingers over my baby; she was my pride and joy. A 1959 Buick Electra 225. She was black, with red leather seats and a totally banging sound system. I pulled her door openly carefully, but with enough strength to show my annoyance at my stupid mother and her asshole boyfriend and slipped onto cool red seat. "Why would I wanna come and stay with the lady who threw me away in the first place?" I twisted the key in the ignition and smiled as my baby rumbled to life and began to purr at me. "Goodbye mother," I nodded to Renée, "Cockface," I nodded at Phil. My mother frowned and a few tears fell from her eyes, but the corner of Phil's mouth pulled up in a smile. I winked back at him and let my baby slowly roll down the gravel driveway. I pulled my Raybans from the dash and put them on. The sun was beating down today, I looked up at it and sighed; this was possibly going to be the last time I would see it in a long time. "Hey, Bella wait!" Phil shouted as I turned the corner onto the road. I pulled the car to a stop and looked back over my shoulder. Phil came running up to my baby with the suitcase I had thrown from the car earlier. He tucked it in behind the passenger seat, rested his arms on the passenger door and leant forward towards me. "Thanks." I shot him a weak smile and put the car back into gear and let it roll forward a few feet before Phil spoke up. I already knew what he wanted. "Do you have anything?" he spoke in a quiet voice even though I knew my mother couldn't hear us. "I have lots of somethings." I gestured to the many bags cluttering my car. "What were you looking for? Hairbrush, shampoo, lip-gloss, panties?" I couldn't stop the smirk from pulling my lips up. "Don't be coy, you know what I mean. Have you got anyt hing? Coke, Weed, E, Ket? Please Bella." I could hear the edge of desperation in his voice but I found it hard to care. "You know Phil, I'm not gunna be around anymore to stock up the sweetie drawer. How are you gunna get your fix?" I looked up at him with fake puppy eyes. "I think it's best if you stop now, go cold turkey, you know?" I lifted my sunglasses. "Bella, sweetie." Phil sweetened his voice. "Just give me something, anything. I'm dying here." "Sorry dude," I shrugged my shoulders at him, "we all gotta make sacrifices. I gotta leave my friends and the sun behind and get banished to hell. You, my friend, lose your drug stop. Sucks to be you." I shrugged my shoulders again, pulled my Raybans back onto my face and hit the gas pedal. I threw my head back and laughed as Phil stumbled to keep his footing. "Bitch!" "Prick!" I yelled back and drove away from my old home with a smile on my face. My mother would not have a good time with a cold turkey Phil; in fact she'd probably wish I was back to take her mind off of him. I suppose I could take some responsibility for Phil's little drug addiction; I did give him his first hit. He walked in on me, Jazz, Rose, Tyler and an assortment of narcotics one night when Renée was away for the weekend. He said if we gave him some he wouldn't tell Renée; I didn't think twice about it. From then on he used me as his own personal candy store, giving me his orders and always letting me keep the change. The saddest part about all this is I had a better relationship with Phil than I did with my mother. I turned onto the road that would lead me to the highway, and from there the dreary Podunk, constantly covered in horrible clouds, one Starbucks, town of Forks, Washington. I jumped in my seat when I heard the continuous sounding of a loud car horn. I screwed my face up at the annoying noise and looked in the rear-view mirror; if I found the fucker making all that noise I'd run him off the stupid road! Asshole! But then I saw it. The blood red '67 Mustang Shelby that made my breath catch and my heart race to catch up with itself. I slammed on my brakes and sent my baby skidding to the side of the road; as soon as she was stopped I jumped up on my seat to get a better look at the car speeding down the highway towards me. I could just about make out the two people in the car. Jasper and Rose; my best friends. I squealed and jumped up and down on the seat waving at them, as they sped up. I could now clearly see Jasper sat behind the wheel and my heart hurt just thinking about how much I would miss him. I studied him, burning his image onto my retinas; I didn't want to forget one thing about him. His chin length dirty blonde hair was covered with a black fedora. He was wearing a black band top that I had accidently ripped down the front a month before, he was going to throw it away before I decided it looked better this way, you could see a bit of his muscular chest. And that was never bad. Around his neck he wore the same necklace he wore everyday; a black leather cord with a tiny platinum B and J, it hung on the middle of his collar bone. Unconsciously, I ran my fingers over the identical one I was wearing. He also wore another familiar necklace; this time a longer silver chain with a dog tag that dipped just inside his torn shirt. It was his dad's tag. I turned my eyes to Rose; I would miss her just as much as her brother. Her hair was a lighter shade of blonde than his and today it was piled up on top of her head, along with her sunglasses. She was wearing a tight white tank top, with just a hint of black bra showing through the material. There was a black choker necklace on her neck with a black heart pendant that rested in the hollow of her neck. She was equally as breathtakingly gorgeous as her brother. Jasper skidded the car to the side of the road and I leapt from my seat without opening the door. Jasper was out of his door before the engine had died and running towards me with Rose close on his heels. I took those few seconds to complete my metal picture; Jasper was wearing dark grey skinny legged jeans that were tucked into his undone black and battered converse. He was sex on legs. And he was mine. I leapt into Jasper's arms as soon he was close enough and wrapped my arms and legs tightly around him. He took a few steps back to regain his balance after my unexpected embrace, before he wrapped his arms tightly around my chest and buried his face in my neck. I knocked the hat from his head and wound my fingers in his soft hair before pushing my face into his neck. I breathed in his smell; he smelt of sun, cigarettes, gum, a hint of cologne, and something that was entirely his own. He smelt like my happiness. I pressed my lips to the side of his neck and held them there, memorizing the feel of his skin on my lips; God knows when I'm going to feel