Chapter 1 {THE END OF THE BEGINNING} October 31 st 1981, Potter Residence "Lily! It's him! Take Harry and go!" James Potter instructed with fierce terror wracking through his veins, his hazel eyes wide as he passed his son off to his wife who began running up the stairs of their home that they had only shared few a few short years, "I'll hold him off-" "Avada Kedavra!" a high pitched voice hissed menacingly, a green jet of light shooting from his wand. James Potter was struck, his best friend since birth watching him hit the carpeted floor like a marionette doll with the strings cut. His bare feet were closest to Kate, feet that had run through the woods behind their childhood homes alongside hers countless times. Hazel eyes were frozen open, never to blink again or squeeze shut as he laughed an obnoxiously loud laugh that only James Potter could manage. His body would never move again, never touch her, or anyone, again. Kate dropped to her knees, bright green eyes glittering as she gripped his upper arms in her hands. They felt like stone, not like James. The spark of life was gone. He was no longer the collection of memories that Kate remembered, the friends that loved him, or the way he would mess his hair religiously. His vessel laid there, but James Potter was gone. Tears of shock were different to tears of mourning. But they both combined in that moment for Kate, her experiencing a special kind of hell in her chest and her very essence. Her soul. It felt as if she was hearing every goodbye ever said to her- said all at once. It tore at the love she held for what was now an echo of a person, a memory from a different time and place. "James…" Kate whispered, saying his name but feeling the one-sidedness of the call out to him. He would never respond. Remembering that Lily and Harry were upstairs, Kate stumbled into the path between Harry and Voldemort. They both raised their wands. Sirius was running. His coat tails were flying out behind him, his arms swinging wide as he choked on his burning breaths and pushed on. A sinister feeling of foreboding crept up inside the 21 year old, he didn't feel as if he was running to save anyone anymore, he felt as if he was running to a funeral. He found a book earlier in the evening, and then he went to check on Peter. And now he was running towards what he hoped wasn't true. Feet pounding into the light snow, crunching at every step, slowed as the Potter house came into view. Or rather, what was left of it. The house that James, Lily, and little Harry had made a home felt ominously empty. Like Sirius himself felt. Or rather, full of the worst possible feelings one could experience at once. He would rather feel empty. Gulping, the young man felt like a boy as he edged through the opened gate towards the house that was darker and quieter than he had ever seen it. It was all wrong. The front door was ajar, Sirius pushing on it with his knuckles. The squeak resonated in his quaking bones, his lip and chin following when the saw the body of his best mate strewn across the floor of his own living room, his wand just out of reach on a side table. James laid, undisturbed. Images of his best friend tossing and turning in his sleep in his bed at Hogwarts flashed up in Sirius' mind. James had never been so still and Sirius had never shaken so much in his life. "James… no! James…" Sirius sobbed, his face contorted to continue shifting between grief, horror and shock. His cheeks were sore from trying to hold back his emotion and his eyes burnt like they never had before. Sirius didn't want to climb the stairs, but he knew he had to, even with knowing what he would find. Giving James' body once last look of mourning, half expecting him to sit up, Sirius continued on. Up the stairs he went, one step at a time as the most damaged part of the house came into view little bit by little bit. Shadows of the swaying trees outside danced on the walls of the hallway, contrasted by a weak glow of light coming from the room at the end of the hallway. A shaky breath escaped Sirius' lips, the top one coated in his own snot. Tears that had carved their way down his cheeks collected at his chin and then dripped down onto the carpet. Reaching the doorway, Sirius all but fell to his knees. "Lily…" Sirius whispered, the girl his best mate had spent most of his life talking about, who Sirius had learnt to love almost as much as he did James laid on the floor in such an unnaturally lifeless way that was almost cruel- stealing away the dignity of such lively people, but then his gaze shifted to something that was moving, " Harry ." Sirius moved quickly to the only person alive in the house, the baby sitting up with his face covered in tears and snot. He and Sirius almost mirrored each other. Harry had sat there, looking down at his dead Mum, probably having called out to her only for her to continue to lie there. It broke Sirius' heart as he reached into the cot to stroke Harry's hair. James' hair. Choking on a sob, Sirius stood tall again. "I'll be right back, Harry, I promise." Sirius vowed, leaning down and pressing his quivering lips to the baby's head. Stumbling down the hall, drunk on emotion, Sirius didn't know what he was going to do. Something inside him had roared up and wanted to do something . All but falling down the stairs, Sirius noticed something that he hadn't seen when he first walked into the house. About a foot from James' body, was a dainty left hand swathed in darkness with a familiar ring glinting ever so slightly, presumably reaching for the man. Sirius stilled, his skin erupting in goose bumps and his eyes frozen in anticipation for the feeling in his chest to worsen. Slowly stepping, closing his eyes for a moment, he begged every spiritual being that he could think of that the hand didn't belong to who he thought it did. But, alas, no one was working in Sirius' favour that night. A white-blonde head of long hair came into view. Bright green eyes frozen open, staring at nothing. Instead of sobbing like he did when he saw James, a scream ripped through Sirius as he fell to his knees. He didn't feel alive anymore, it wasn't possible to feel so much pain and still be alive. He wished he could join his friends. And for a short while, he did, laying between them, half on top of both of them as he did his best to hold onto them. He screamed and he cried as he laid with them, both blurring together to make a horrendous sound of agonizing despair. But eventually he couldn't make any more noise and his tear ducts began to dry up. But nothing could stop the burning that he felt. He didn't want to think of his one remaining friend that was at a safe house of his own, he might as well have been dead too. For all Sirius knew, Remus could be. James and Kate were. He knew that. James was Sirius' brother in everything but blood, and Kate… At the end of the day…every day has an end. But some sun's never set…and some hearts never mend. The clock in the town square of Godric's Hollow struck, the chiming indicating that it was the start of a new day. November 1st. Two days before Sirius' 22nd birthday. The first day without his friends. That day that followed the day that Sirius Black's world had ended. 000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 May 2 nd 1998, Wood Residence When ten year old Kate Wood went to sleep early on the second of May, 1998, she could not have possibly foreseen the chain of events that would befall her on the night that the battle of Hogwarts brought Harry Potter's prophecy to a head. Every magical child knew of Harry Potter's story, but Kate Wood knew more than the average witch or wizard. Her brother attended school with The-Boy-Who-Lived. Her parents attended school with his parents. And her Aunt Kate, her namesake, was in the Order of The Phoenix. Kate's Aunt was murdered on same night as the Potters, her brother- little Kate's father- always regaled his daughter that shared his little sister's name with bed time stories of the heroics of the first rise of Voldemort. Her mother didn't exactly approve, but Kate idolized her Aunt, despite having never met her. It was in these stories that Kate learnt about everyone in the Order, including Harry's parents. Her Aunt was friends with them in school and after, her having a lot more inside knowledge than other Order members would have to the goings on of the Potters. He told his daughter of when his sister told him of Trelawney's prophecy, the trigger to the series of events that would ultimately lead to the Potter's deaths, all the way up to Sirius Black's false imprisonment. Her father, Alexander Wood, hadn't even blinked when it was revealed that Sirius Black escaped Azkaban in 1993. It was then that he told his daughter the story of the Potters switching secret keepers for the fidelius charm on their house last minute to Peter, no one else knowing and Sirius being thought to be the one who gave the Potters up to Voldemort. Kate had asked her father why no one had stepped forward to share this knowledge, even when he escaped. She had been told that they had all tried. But the Potters were dead. Their memories of the change would be the only viable ones without Peter himself being caught and interrogated under truth serum. The young girl's sympathy for the man only increased tenfold when he fell past the veil in the Department of Mysteries. Her father was an unspeakable, so Kate was lucky to have insider information yet again. And she was always ready to absorb information along with the stories. Oliver, her older brother, was always at Hogwarts throughout her childhood. And then when he graduated from Hogwarts he went straight off to play reserve keeper for Puddlemere United. The Wood's loved Oliver to death, him reciprocating, but they didn't see each other as much as they would like. So Kate always heard everything. She was always there. So when she heard her parents arguing in the hall with her older brother, which was a rarity, she sat up in her bed. "Alexander, we can't just leave Kate here on her own." Kate heard her mother argue. "Well we can't let everyone go on at Hogwarts alone either." Her father argued back. "Oliver, a note? Are you serious?" Her mother's voice sounded again, indignant. Kate could imagine her older brother's shrug. "…Okay," Her mother finally conceded, "But… what if we don't come back?" "We'll be home for breakfast, love, I promise." Kate shot up out of her bed, racing to her door, ripping it open and poking her head out to stop her parents. But they were gone. What would they be doing at Hogwarts? Kate asked herself, clutching her plush quaffle toy to her chest. Despite her youth, Kate could feel the atmospheric shift, something darker looming over her. Looking around with wide green eyes, Kate remembered that the floo downstairs could take her to Hogwarts. With a sharp intake of breath at her genius, Kate didn't even bother putting on slippers as she rushed to the grate, plush quaffle still in hand. Struggling on her tip