Author's Note: In honor of Harry Potter's birthday, I present the first chapter of Harry Potter and the Spiteful Sorting Hat! This fanfic will explore how Harry's first year at school might have been different if he'd been sorted into another house. I'm sure it's been done a million times before, but I don't care. It was fun to write! Chapters update weekly. For now, please enjoy! Chapter One - The Sorting Hat A horrible thought struck Harry, as horrible thoughts always do when you're very nervous. What if he wasn't chosen at all? What if he sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a mistake and he'd better get back on the train? Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept losing his toad, was called next. He fell over on his way to the stool. The hat took a long time to decide where it thought Neville belonged. When it finally shouted "Gryffindor," Neville ran off still wearing it, and had to jog back amid gales of laughter to give it to "MacDougal, Morag." Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called and got his wish at once: the hat had barely touched his head when it screamed "Slytherin!" Malfoy went to join his friends, Crabbe and Goyle, looking pleased with himself. There weren't many people left now. Moon... Nott... Parkinson... Then a pair of twin girls, Patil and Patil... Then "Perks, Sally-Anne..." and then, at last... "Potter, Harry!" As Harry stepped forward, whispers suddenly broke out like little hissing fires all over the hall. " Potter , did she say?" " The Harry Potter? The last thing Harry saw before the hat dropped over his eyes was the hall full of people craning to get a good look at him. Next second he was looking at the black inside of the hat. He waited. "Hmm," said a small voice in his ear. "Difficult. Very difficult. Plenty of courage I see. Not a bad mind either. There's talent, oh my goodness, yes – and a nice thirst to prove yourself, now that's interesting… So where shall I put you?" Harry gripped the edges of the stool and thought, Not Slytherin, not Slytherin. "Not Slytherin, eh?" said the small voice with a touch of malicious glee. "Are you sure? You could be great , you know, it's all here in your head. And Slytherin will help you on the way to greatness, no doubt about that – no?" Please, thought Harry again, desperately, Anything but Slytherin! "Well, if you're sure. Better be… SLYTHERIN!" The hat's declaration echoed across the hall, but there was no eruption of cheers like those that had followed the other students. Harry remained seated on the stool, not entirely believing what had just happened. He almost expected the Sorting Hat to whisper, "Just kidding," but instead it was removed from his head. "Wait!" he said to Professor McGonagall as she started to push him along. "I think there's been some mistake." Professor McGonagall looked just as astonished as he did by the circumstances, but still she shook her head. "Don't be ridiculous, Mr. Potter," she said quietly, but sternly. "The Sorting Hat is not to be questioned. Now go join your new housemates." Shaking from nerves and nearly delirious with confusion, Harry stumbled numbly toward the Slytherin table. He was in such a state of shock, he hadn't noticed that he received the most indifferent applause yet. In fact, many Slytherins looked like they would have preferred it if Harry had been sucked into the black depths of the Sorting Hat, never to show his face again. This was not the case with Draco Malfoy, who looked absolutely thrilled to see Harry making his unsteady way toward the Slytherin table. Harry felt his stomach twist at the sight of Malfoy's decidedly evil grin. His horror escalated when Malfoy ordered his friend Goyle to switch seats with him, placing him directly on Harry's right. "Well, well, well..." Malfoy said sneeringly in an undertone meant only for Harry to hear, "Looks like you'll be reconsidering my offer, eh Potter? I told you I could help you sort out the riff-raff." Harry clenched his teeth and kept silent. He fixed his gaze on the rest of the students sill waiting to be sorted, determined to ignore Mafloy's taunts. He spied Ron's bright red hair and flinched in surprise. Ron was looking back at Harry with an expression of complete dismay, but he looked away again quickly on meeting Harry's eyes. "You're going to want my help, you know. My family has been in Slytherin house for generations. We have a lot of sway around here. My father is even on the school's governing board..." Malfoy droned on and on. Harry wanted to tell him exactly were he could shove his "sway," but was painfully aware of the hulking forms of Goyle and Crabbe on Malfoy's other side. He swallowed his words and continued to stare resolutely forward. "Weasley, Ronald!" called out Professor McGonagall, and Harry's heart leapt as he watched his friend approach the stool. He knew Ron didn't want to be in Slytherin any more than he did, but rather selfishly, he thought that it wouldn't be so bad so long as they were together. Remembering the injustice of his own sorting moments before, Harry crossed his fingers under the table, hoping that Ron would be given the same treatment. "GRYFFINDOR!" the hat cried an instant later. Crushing disappointment filled Harry while Ron walked gratefully toward the gold and scarlet table, where he joined the red-haired members of his family. Malfoy must have seen Harry's expression change, because he began hissing a new stream of unwanted commentary. "Exactly what I would expect from a Weasley. It's what I was trying to tell you before. They're all pure-blood, but not a one of them has been sorted into Slytherin. That'll be because his father's a muggle-lover. My father says..." "Don't you ever shut up?" said a large, rectangular shaped girl sitting across from them. Harry recognized her as Millicent Bulstrode, the first student to be sorted into Slytherin that year. Malfoy turned pink at the insult, but recovered quickly from his surprise. "I hope you're not talking to me," he said scornfully. "I don't see anyone else yammering like an imp," Bulstrode sneered, taking Harry aback by the venom in her voice. Malfoy had regained his composure. "It's Bulstrode, isn't it?" he asked, "I'm sorry, I can't seem to recall your father's name." He turned to Harry, his expression turning one to mock pity, "You see, Potter, even in the noble house of Slytherin, you find a few pure-blood families who just aren't quite what they should be. You're really lucky you have me here to show to the ropes." "Budge up, Malfoy, and quit crowding the famous friend!" Harry and Malfoy both looked up into the face of a tall, attractive black boy. With a cheerful grin, he settled himself directly between Harry and Malfoy, forcing Malfoy into Goyle's side while Harry hurriedly slid over to make room. "Hi, Blaise Zabini," said the newcomer, his smile impossibly brilliant. He grabbed onto Harry's hand and shook it with enthusiasm, "Can't tell you how pleased I am you're in Slytherin." Harry managed to stammer his thanks, hardly knowing if he meant them. Malfoy was glowering at him over Blaise's shoulder. Whatever biting comment he intended to make next was cut off as Albus Dumbledore got to his feet. He beamed at the students, his arms opened wide, as if nothing could have pleased him more than to see them all there. Harry thought he saw the headmaster's eyes flicker in his direction, but quickly dismissed the notion. No doubt he was only paranoid because the rest of the great hall was still gawking at him. At least most of the Slytherins had the decency to pretend he wasn't there. Maybe they wouldn't be so bad after all. "Welcome!" said Dumbledore, "Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts! Before we begin our banquet, I would like to say a few words. And here they are: Elucidate! Babadook! Gibbous! Pox! Thank you!" He sat back down. Everybody clapped and cheered. Everybody except Harry's fellow Slytherins. "Flaming Istari! He is as mad as they say, isn't he?" Blaise commented, laughing boisterously. "It's amazing they let him in charge of a school," Bulstrode agreed. Blaise grinned at her approvingly. "Well, you aren't wrong. Aren't you eating, Harry?" Harry looked down at the golden plates that had been empty a few seconds ago, and his mouth fell open. The dishes before him were now piled with food. He had never seen so many things on one table: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, and for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs. And yet no amount of appetizing food could have tempted Harry at that moment. He was still too confused, and his disappointment at being sorted into what was certainly the worst Hogwarts house had completely killed his appetite. He closed his still-gaping mouth and sat silently. "Harry?" Blaise asked as he piled his plate high with every kind of food on the table, "What's the matter? Aren't you hungry?" Both Blaise and Millicent Bulstrode were looking at Harry with very interested expressions. Harry opened his mouth but found no words. He was painfully aware that Malfoy was eavesdropping on their conversation. He couldn't very well tell these people that he had begged not to be in Slytherin, could he? Feeling desperate, Harry tried looking everywhere but at the Slytherins surrounding him. He could see all of the other first years happily making new friends at their tables. Ron seemed to be having a lively conversation with one of the school ghosts. And absolutely everywhere he looked, he caught furtive glances directed at him. Even from the high table, seated in his gold chair, Albus Dumbledore was looking at Harry with a curious expression. Finally, Harry looked back to Blaise and Millicent. They were still waiting for him to speak. Harry took a deep breath and said, "I… I think that something has gone terribly wrong." "You mean your sorting?" Blaise asked conversationally, his attention now directed toward the treacle tart he was eating. Harry flinched in surprise. "Er... Well... Yeah, but how did you know?" "Simple, the hat is joke. I mean, look at where it put Granger." He nodded toward a bushy-haired girl at the Gryffindor table. "I met her on the train. Seemed like a dead ringer for Ravenclaw to me, but there you have it. As for me, I wanted to be in Hufflepuff." Millicent snorted with derision. Blaise glanced in her direction with a raised eyebrow. "Problem, Bulstrode?" " Hugglesnuff ? You must be joking." Blaise gave her another dazzlingly white smile, "You're right, I am joking. The truth is that I wanted to go to Beauxbatons like my mum, but she didn't think that was the best idea, seeing as I don't speak a word of French." "What's Beaux-Batons?" Harry asked. Blaise looked at him with eyebrows raised, "It's the French wizarding school, of course! Blimey, Harry. You've never heard of Beaux-Batons?" Harry wasn't sure how to tell him that until very recently, he hadn't even heard of Hogwarts. "So what did the hat say to you?" Harry asked instead. "Oh, it's just what you'd expect. I'm so exceptional that they ought to make a new house and name it after me. No, really! Those were its exact words! Had to talk it out of that plan, though. Far too much trouble on the first day." Harry laughed in spite of himself, and suddenly realized that actually, he was quite hungry. It was then Harry learned that good food can make any situation a little brighter. As he stuffed his face with every kind of