Twilight belongs to SM. I own Grace and her mother. The story line is completely my own. Hope you enjoy! Chapter one: 'Don't worry, Gracie, you look wonderful,' Mum said, looking over at me and squeezing my hand that was already tightly in hers. I couldn't help it, I was meeting my Father for the first time so of course I was nervous. What if he doesn't like me? What if he doesn't want me? Mum's really counting on this, I know she is. 'We're here, ma'am,' the taxi driver announced. I tried to see the house past Mum but couldn't make much out. 'How much?' Mum asked, I took my hand back so she could get her purse. I unbuckled my seat belt and grabbed the strap of my black satchel. 'Twenty six dollars,' he replied, I glanced at Mum to see her reaction. She didn't look surprised as she took the money out and handed it to him. He was a fairly normal looking man, pale with balding grey hair and a pot belly; he reminded me of Grandpa Sam. The obvious difference was that he was American and Grandpa is definitely British, he says long over complicated words that make him sound intelligent and wise. Not that he isn't intelligent and wise…he's just getting on a bit, well, that's what Mum says. 'Thank you,' Mum said to the man. 'Thank you,' I repeated and we both climbed out of the back of the taxi. The driver didn't get out to help with our cases so I helped Mum best I could. It bothered me that he didn't help but then he didn't know how sick Mum was, she smiled tiredly at me in reassurance, like she could see the irritated accusation in my eyes. I shut the boot and he drove off without a moment to lose. 'I have them, Mum,' I told her, picking up two cases that you couldn't pull. 'You're a good girl, Gracie,' Mum said, appreciatively. I smiled to myself as I struggled to the front door of the red wooden bungalow. My stomach was aching in anticipation and fear. Mum stopped next to me as I put the cases down and looked up at her. 'Smile, baby,' she said, 'Everything will be okay.' I knew Mom's knuckles would ache if she knocked so I did it before she could, pretty loudly too, I hope he won't be mad at me for knocking too harshly. I knew it bothered Mum when people did it back home. I stepped back, wanting to give Mum the floor as I practically hid behind her. 'Coming,' shouted a deep male voice, I was now completely behind Mum as the door swung open. I could just make out the sight of a man in a wheelchair. 'Hello Billy,' Mum said, I could hear the smile in her voice. 'Ashley,' he said, shocked. 'What…what are you doing here?' 'I need your help, Billy,' she told him, stepping aside so I was in full sight to the man. He was older than I thought he would be but that made him look kinder, gentle even. He had long black hair and skin darker than mine, his face beheld the laughter lines of his life and two big brown eyes that I could recognize immediately; I saw them every time I looked in the mirror. It was as if Billy knew instantly, and in the few long seconds of his realization, I thought he was going to shut the door but his face never stopped looking…surprised, shocked; uncertain. I glanced at Mum, worried, she didn't look at me though; she was staring at Billy. 'Billy,' she said, pulling him out of his thoughts. 'I'll explain everything,' she told him, promised. He looked up at her, the same look of bewilderment in his eyes but nodded, he cleared his throat and looked at our cases that I now wished I'd hidden. Perhaps we should have asked to stay instead of barge in like this, Mum always knew what to do though; she was sure it was okay but from the look on his face, I was beginning to doubt her for the first time in my life. 'Come in,' he said gently, wheeling himself backwards and gesturing for us to come inside. I let Mum go first, knowing she needed a seat soon. I struggled with my cases as I dragged them inside and left them near the door, I closed it for Billy and turned to look at Mum. 'Would you like a drink? Something to eat?' Billy was glancing between Mum and me, I knew she was going to decline; she always felt it to be more polite but she hadn't eaten since this morning and sweet tea should hopefully see her through till I was able to make her something. 'Tea would be mostly appreciated,' I smiled gently at him. 'Thank you,' I added when he moved to the kitchen. Instead of going to Mum, I followed him; he got the mugs out of the cupboard and feeling the need to assist, I put some more water in the kettle and put it on to boil. 'You're certainly keen to help,' Billy commented, looking up at me with a new expression, I wasn't sure what to call it. 'I- s-sorry, I just,' I stammered. He laughed softly. 'I wasn't saying it was a bad thing, kid,' he spoke. 'Teabags and sugar are in the cupboard behind you,' he told me. I knew I was blushing badly, Mum often told me she couldn't tell what with my skin being darker than hers' but from the slight upturn of Billy's lips, I knew he definitely saw. I turned around and kneeled to look in the cupboard, spotting the opened box of teabags, I took two and brought the sugar out to put on the counter. 'Would you like one?' I asked Billy, I turned to see him lost in thought. I glanced up at Mum who was now standing behind him. 'Billy, perhaps we should talk,' Mum said, he turned to look at her and nodded. He followed her into the sitting room while I waited for the kettle to boil. I can't imagine how odd this must be for him, I always knew I had a Father though I never had intentions to meet him. He, however, didn't know about me and if it wasn't for Mum's illness, I doubt he'd ever have known. I made Mum's tea first, black with three sugars; I took it to her. They were waiting for me so I quickly made my own tea, black with one sugar because I was too shy to ask Billy if I could use his milk. I walked back to the living room and anxiously perched on a turquoise coloured armchair. 'Billy, this is Grace,' Mum said to him, he was looking at me again so I looked down at my tea, my blush no doubt still glowing; I felt hot all over. 'Our daughter,' he said. 'Yes,' Mum confirmed. 'I know this entire ordeal will put you out completely Billy, and if it could have been avoided, it would have been,' Mum told him, I glanced up to see him looking at her with confusion and possibly irritation. 'Why now?' He asked, 'Why not before? I.' 'Oh come off it, Billy,' Mum interrupted, I saw the look of sheer exhaustion in her eyes, and I knew she wanted to rub her temples. 'You had just lost your wife, you had Jacob to raise on your own, it wouldn't have been fair,' she said, he sat quietly, I hoped in understanding. 'Not to mention we're still pretty much strangers,' she said, smiling at him. 'Strangers with a daughter,' he mused, though not in an amused way. It was sad, about his wife. Mum told me a few weeks ago, she explained everything to me in the way she was about to explain to Billy. 'It wasn't good timing, and I don't know…I just, got used to raising her on my own, I didn't see the need to complicate things,' she told him, 'I'm sorry if you feel like you've been unfairly shut out,' she added. He scoffed dryly, 'That's one way to phrase it.' I felt almost gleeful that he was upset, not in a cruel way but he was unhappy that he didn't know me. He wanted to be my Dad. 'If you were so content before, why are you here now?' He looked at Mum, his eyes piercing, no doubt curious too. Mum took a long pause, a heart clenching pause that made me want to cry, my chest tight and aching. 'Because I'm dying, Billy,' she said eventually, her head raised as she looked him in the eye. 'I've been battling cancer for 3 years now with every hope I would get better,' she said, I wanted to cross the room and pull her into a tight hug. 'But a few weeks ago I was told that wouldn't be the case,' she continued, swallowing each word with difficulty. 'My parents are too old to take care of Grace and…and I couldn't bear the thought of her being fostered,' she told him, her voice falling into a whisper. 'I'm…I don't know what to say,' Billy said, lost for words. 'That's alright,' she said, smiling at him. 'I know this is a lot to come to terms with but…but she really needs you, I really need you,' she said, her desperation came through with each syllable. 'Of course, of course,' Billy muttered quietly. He took a minute before he asked his next question. 'How long?' 'Just under three months,' she told him, I blinked, freeing a tear that I tried to hide subtly by pressing my chin to chest and letting my hair fall down in front of my face. My throat was clamming up with something thick as I focussed on breathing in and out calmly through my nose. The silence wore on so I glanced up again to see Billy staring at me, his eyes were sad. I looked over at Mum who was watching Billy carefully, she met my eye though and sent a small smile my way; I sent one back though it was more like a miserable pressed lip gesture. 'If you don't have the room, we can stay in a hotel.' 'No,' Billy interrupted, turning back to her. 'Here is fine, I have plenty of room,' he told her. 'Thank you,' she smiled. 'I've already been looking at the high school, I was thinking we would check it out in the week,' she said. 'On reservation?' 'No, in the town,' Mum replied. 'Okay,' he said quietly. 'We can have a look at the one on reservation if that's your preference,' Mum told him, she had said something about school here. Something to do with him being Native American and how the tribe tended to be schooled on reservation. I wasn't Native American though, it didn't seem appropriate. 'If you would like to that is up to you, I don't mind,' Billy told her, I felt relieved at that. I would surely stick out in a Native school. My skin was just as dark but my hair was most likely an odd sight and I knew I wouldn't ever dye it; it was the same colour as Mum's. 'Okay,' she said. 'Would you like to unpack?' Billy asked hesitantly, looking at our cases near the door. 'If we're done talking,' smiled Mum. 'I'm ready for bed,' Mum scoffed to herself, standing up. She finished off her tea and took the mug back to the kitchen, I followed after her; placing mine on the side as I took the mug to wash it. Mum put her arm around my waist and pulled me closer to her, placing a kiss on the top of my head. 'Thank you,' she whispered. 'It's okay,' I replied.