Pamela "Prim" Edithe Abernathy Code Name: none Every birthday for the past five years, I've blown out my candles and made the same wish. The house is silent and dark when I walk in. Uncle Haymitch will be at work for another six hours at least, and neither one of us opened any blinds before we left this morning. I hesitate in the doorway after toeing off my sandals. Mom always liked the curtains open, and it was her job to open them every morning, before heart problems exacerbated by grief locked her first in her own hospital and then in the ground. Kat tended to keep the curtains closed, though. She said she didn't like seeing the other houses packed so claustrophobically tight, or the cars going by, or the smog swirling overhead from the nearby city. She hated the city. I compromise by telling myself I'll open them after I blow out my candles. Well. Candle. The cupcake isn't likely to hold much more than one. I drop my backpack on the dining room table and dig out the only-slightly-squished cupcake I bought from the cafeteria. It's the kind with too-sweet cream filling that oozes out the sides and a couple haphazard squiggles of white frosting on top, and it's sweating inside its plastic wrapping. I try to be glad that I have a birthday cake at all – a few years ago Uncle Haymitch forgot until a couple of days later, at which point he rectified it by grabbing some donuts on the way home from work and sticking candles in them – but I can't help but be a little grumpy as I go clattering around the kitchen, looking for a candle. I turned eighteen today. Shouldn't I be at a party, or at least eating a real cake? I wonder what Kat did for her eighteenth birthday. It would have been only a few months after she disappeared. I can't find any real birthday candles, so I come back to the dining room with a pack of matches and the smallest candle I can find, which happens to be a bright pink tea candle from the boutique of Haymitch's worst-enemy-slash-girlfriend-slash-I-don't-know. I set the tea candle on top of the cupcake and light it. For five years I've been told that I'm in denial, that my sister is dead, that I saw the evidence myself. That I need to accept it or I'll never heal. But I know she's not. I can tell. I would have known if Kat died; I would have felt it. We were always so close. Once, when I was no older than eight, my arm started hurting for no obvious reason. It wasn't until after school that I came home to discover that Kat had broken hers falling out of a tree. Maybe it was just a coincidence, but I believe there are ties between people that science can't explain. I believe I felt her pain that day – and I believe I would have felt it if she died. I believe she's still out there, somewhere. Or, at least, I used to. Every year I grow less sure. I want to believe, so badly, but with every ineffective shooting star, every fruitless dandelion, every eyelash, every 11:11, every wishbone and every coin in a fountain, every mushroom ring and ladybug, another tiny piece of me crumbles. When I was barely thirteen I had no doubt it would work. If I could just fold enough paper stars, pick up enough pennies, spot enough clovers, spend enough time with my hands folded at my bedside, Kat would come home. Now it's a habit I'm scared to break. Because if I stop trying, it means I've given up on her. And I'll never give up on her. She would never give up on me. Plus, it's bad luck to break a tradition. Every birthday for the past five years, I've blown out my candles and made the same wish: that my sister will come home. I screw my eyes shut, wish as hard as I possibly can – even though I'm technically an adult today, so probably too old for wishing, but I don't care – and then open them and blow out my one lopsided candle. A pathetic curl of smoke dribbles skywards and then dissipates as I pinch the candle between my fingers and drop it on the table, leaving a couple blobs of Barbie-pink wax in the oily frosting. "Happy birthday to me," I mutter as I pick the wax off with a fingernail. I've just taken the first bite when a key scrapes in the lock of the front door. Haymitch can't be home yet. And anyway, Haymitch doesn't use the front door. He always comes in through the garage. I freeze with cupcake crumbs falling down the front of my sundress, staring in the direction of the door as if I could see through the faded sage-green wallpaper to the entryway. The lock jiggles. Once. Twice. And then, with the groan and squeak of ageing, rust-eaten hinges, the door opens. My brain – the pattern-recognizing part of my brain that has kept humans alive since we were living in trees – knows what's happening before my heart does, but once the recognition spreads into my chest it starts pumping double-time almost immediately. I know this pattern. One key scrape, two lock jiggles, one groan-and-squeak. Next comes two and a half footsteps, another groan as the door closes, two ka-thunks as boots hit the peeling linoleum, a little sigh, the crash of keys hitting the key bowl, and then – "Prim! I'm home!" My limbs go cold as the strength drains out of them and pools on the floor around me. I kind of stagger into the wall behind me, one hand groping weakly for a chair or something while the other still holds the chocolaty pulp that was a cupcake. Footsteps – and not just any footsteps, but her footsteps, Kat's footsteps – I'd know her footsteps anywhere – move from the entryway to the kitchen. Her backpack hits the floor with a soft fwump, just like it did every day for nearly twelve years, and a cupboard opens with a squeak. I realize three things at once: that I'm shaking, that I'm crying, and that I still have cupcake in my mouth. I swallow, wipe crumbs off my face with clumsy fingers and drop the rest back onto the wrapper, and then I make myself move forward. I must be hallucinating or something, part of me reasons. I've finally gone entirely insane. But I don't stop moving. I creep towards the kitchen, terrified of finding her there and terrified of not finding her there and knowing it's impossible. Stepping around the corner is the worst part. It's like I've lost the ability to control my body. I actually, physically have to force myself to move. And there she is. Standing at the counter with her back to me, making a peanut butter and banana sandwich, casual as can be. Katherine Alexandra Abernathy, the girl that was presumed dead when, weeks after her disappearance, they found one of her socks and some strands of her hair in the basement of a known criminal. My big sister. Kat. It's like I've been jolted back in time. That's her beat-up black backpack flopped over on the ground. Those are her clothes – the exact same clothes she was wearing the last time I saw her. High-waisted distressed jeans. A dark green I ran in the 2010 School District 12 marathon t-shirt. A tight French braid, like always. And the smell of peanut butter and banana… That's what finally pushes a sob up my throat. No one else I know makes peanut butter and banana sandwiches. I haven't eaten one since she packed my lunch, that last morning. Her hands pause when the sob comes out, and then, very slowly, they go about screwing the lid back onto the Jif jar and wiping the butter knife clean on the top piece of bread. And then she turns. "Hey, Prim." There's no transition. I'm standing in the kitchen doorway with every muscle taut as a wire, and then I'm squeezing her as tightly as I possibly can, spreading a lovely slew of spit, tears and snot across her neck and smearing chocolate frosting over the back of her shirt as I grab and pull and never let go, ever, ever – Lavender essential oil was always Kat's favorite perfume, ever since she was a kid and Mom was still in her natural remedies phase. She smells like lavender. I believe in wishes again. Katniss Everdeen Formerly: Katherine "Kat" Alexandra Abernathy Code Name: Mockingjay Walking up my driveway is the strangest thing I've done in five years – and that's saying something, considering exactly what I've been doing for the past half-decade. I know my uncle is at work, and will be for several more hours according to the tail I put on him over a month ago, but I still pause to sweep the garage with the scanner Beetee perfected just last week. No cars. I turn the scanner on the house, next, and find Prim's heat signature in the dining room. A smaller, brighter point of heat glows some inches in front of her. I frown at it, and then realize: a birthday candle. She's celebrating her birthday alone. My stomach twists and I slip the scanner back into my backpack. Just before I get to the door, I pause – but only for a moment. I remind myself that I can't get emotional about this. It needs to be quick. In and out. And plus, if I go around crying and making faces during a mission, what kind of example am I setting for my operatives? Not to mention that many of them still watch me like hawks for any sign of weakness. I have their respect, loyalty, compliance – that I am sure of – the trick now is keeping it. Just another mission. In and out. Breathe. I come in just as I would have on that day – the day I never did come home – pushing in through the front door at exactly 2:47pm, as if I just walked home from school, tossing my keys into the bowl and announcing, "Prim, I'm home." My heart is doing a very convincing impression of a jackhammer, but I ignore it as I walk into the kitchen and slide my backpack off my shoulder just as casually as if half a dozen of my agents hadn't already swept the house while Prim was at school earlier today and half a dozen more weren't posted at various locations around the block, keeping watch. I wince when the backpack hits the floor, hoping I didn't crack Beetee's sensor. Having a piece of tech that can do just about anything and blend in seamlessly as a Smartphone has the unfortunate side effect of breaking just as easily as a Smartphone, too. The house smells the same, perhaps except for a slight tang of alcohol that wasn't there before, and part of me immediately regresses into a scared seventeen-year-old. I want to dash up the stairs, slam the door to my bedroom, crawl between the sheets and not come out for a very long time. But that is no longer my life – no longer me . I'm not Katherine Abernathy anymore. That girl died. They found a piece of her clothing and some DNA in the home of a serial abuser. No one ever knew exactly how they got there – no one except the agents that planted them there, of course – but it was enough evidence to get the suspect locked up for a good long time and put a nice flowery obituary in the local paper. Sad story, really. And if every single one of Katherine Abernathy's records happened