Even if Madge hadn't warned me, I would have been prepared for it. I hear the gossip in the hob and on the streets, and a few times I even witness it. Merchants have taken to flirting with unwitting Seam folk as a joke, sometimes going so far as to ask them out on a date. I've even heard of a couple instances of a Merchant asking someone from the Seam to marry them, and then laughing hysterically when the poor recipient says 'yes'. So, when Peeta Mellark approaches me after the reaping, red with nerves and pushing his lips together as if he's trying very hard not to do something like laugh, I'm immediately wary. "Katniss," he greets, a bit stiffly. "Peeta," I reply with a nod, making to take Prim's hand and tug her into the dissipating crowd. "I," he starts, halting me with a quick gesture. His eyes flick to Prim, who blinks up at him curiously. Tears of relief linger on her lashes; this reaping was her third, but the horror of it affected her just as badly as if it was her first time again. I suppose it never really fades. This year was my last, and with twenty-eight strips of paper with my name on them, the odds were decidedly not in my favor. But the name Effie Trinket drew from the reaping bowl was that of Phacelia Punt, a Seam girl so malnourished she looks much less than her fifteen years. Not me. Somehow, I made it through all six years. Now I just have to worry about Prim. Peeta shifts his gaze back to me, bringing my thoughts to the present. "Katniss," he starts again. "Yes?" He takes a breath. "My brothers are both apprenticed to their wives' family businesses. I'm inheriting the bakery, now that I'm past the reapings." "Congratulations," I say. Where is he going with this? Those blue eyes, which found mine through sheets of rain that day behind the bakery and which I've caught fixed on me in the school hallways many times, now find my own once more. Peeta's chin moves, as if he's chewing on his words, before he says, "Will you marry me?" My heart sinks even as Prim's head whips around to face me, her eyes huge and hopeful. She thinks he's being sincere. I know better. I know what he's doing. And though I've prepared myself for this kind of trick, I never expected it to come from Peeta – Peeta, who slips sugar cookies to children for free when his mother isn't looking; who danced with Leevy Rosewood last Harvest Festival when he heard that she was afraid no one would want to because of her crooked leg; who took a beating just to give a starving stranger a loaf of bread. Somehow, it feels like a betrayal. I don't know him, not really, but I always thought he was kind. And now he's asking for my hand as a prank. My moment of silence has him talking again, jabbering on haltingly as he peers up at me from underneath his eyelashes. "I'd be good to you, I promise – and your mother and sister, they could come live in the bakery if they wanted, there's room – and you wouldn't have to be hungry ever again –" That does it. "That's cruel, you know," I cut in, cursing the barest whisper of strain that wobbles in my voice. He blinks, stuttering. "W-what?" "It's cruel," I repeat. "Proposing to someone as a joke. I know you townies think it's funny, since we Seam folk can't rightly say no in case it's a chance to improve our family's chance at survival. But it's not funny." He's gone from red to white now, his eyes nearly as big as Prim's. He tries to say something, but I'm not done. "You're lucky it's me you asked, and not someone gullible. You could have broken someone's heart, you know. Just last week someone asked Bristel out on a dare, and the poor girl wouldn't leave her house for a week once she found out he had been playing with her." "But –" Peeta gasps, and I turn away abruptly. It hurts more every moment, and though I thought I was prepared, I'm beginning to understand why Bristel hid herself away. I just want to go home and forget this. But I can't leave quite yet, not with one last comment rattling around in my mouth, begging to be released. I look over my shoulder, just for an instant, and my voice breaks hideously when I say, "I thought you were kinder than this, Peeta." He makes a sort of choking noise as I pull Prim away, and I know he's trying not to laugh. My cheeks burn. Here I was thinking I'd stand up to the prank with shoulders straight and pride intact, and then I go and let my voice crack like I'm about to burst into tears – which I'm not , mind you, it's just the powdery dirt flung up from the road that's getting in my eye. "Katniss," Prim starts, but I shake my head. "Don't, Prim." "But Katniss, what if he was really –" "He wasn't." "But what if?" "Townies don't marry people from the Seam, Prim. They just think it's amusing to dangle favorable marriages in front of us and then snatch them away again if we take the bait." She's quiet for a moment, and out of the corner of my eye I catch her twisting her head around, as if searching for Peeta back where we left him. I'm sure he's not there anymore. He's probably off with his friends or brothers by now, no doubt sniggering about how the stupid Seam girl got all choked up. Heat wells in my eyes, blurring my vision, and my nose feels as if it's swelling. But I'm not crying. It's the dust. It bothers my eyes. And my nose. It's just the dust. "Mom did," Prim says quietly. "Huh?" I turn away with the pretense of following the path of an orange butterfly, one sleeve coming up to sponge away a trail of liquid from my cheek. I despised these long sleeves with I started out just an hour ago, shoving them up my arms in an attempt to cool myself, but now I'm glad of them. It's easier to wipe away tears – rainwater, it's just a raindrop – with cloth than with bare skin. "Mom did," Prim insists, more firmly this time. "She left town for Dad." "Mom was the exception, not the rule. And anyway, she wasn't in line to inherit a business." The part about inheriting the bakery, at least, I know to be true. I've heard Merchant girls giggling over it since May, all of them hoping to win over Peeta's gentle heart and, in doing so, win themselves a home in the bakery. I can certainly understand why. The bakery is one of the most profitable businesses in Twelve, alongside the General Store. Marrying Peeta would mean living the finest life Merchant money can buy. Fresh, hot water for every bath and soft, full quilts on every bed. Peppermints and candied plums from the sweet shop. Shoes and clothes bought new from a store, never worn by anyone before you. Pretty gifts every holiday and three meals every single day and always, always the sleepy heat of the ovens, warming shop and home both through the bitter winter months. And Peeta. A gentle, golden husband who would never have to descend belowground just to scrape a living from the earth. Another raindrop splashes onto the sleek material of my dress and I rub it away before it can soak in. This is Mom's dress, one of her treasures from her days before the Seam. I won't, can't ruin it with snot or saltwater. You don't need any of that, I tell myself fiercely. You don't even want any of that. A Merchant life isn't for you. You get arrows and pond tubers and blood under your fingernails and coal dust. And that's enough. I keep my face turned away from Prim, and by the time we locate our mother and make our way home I've mostly composed myself. I hate myself for caring, because I don't – not really. I attribute my reaction to the shock. Peeta has always seemed so sweet. To see him do something so mean was upsetting. I suppose his brothers put him up to it. The middle brother – what's his name? Something with an L? – is infamous for his pranks. Thankfully, I'm two years behind him in school, so I wasn't there to witness the time he led Mr. Crick's prized cow up the school steps and straight into the principal's office. Nor was I present for what the student body has collectively christened "The Great Desk Heist." I still don't know how he managed to get that many desks up onto the roof. Yes, it was probably him that dared Peeta to do it, and I just happened to be the nearest, easiest target. I didn't see either of the eldest Mellark brothers at the time, but then again, they could have been hiding, waiting to pop out and mock my reaction. This, I decide, is the most likely explanation. It doesn't completely soothe the mortified burning in my chest, but it helps, and by the time we're sitting down to a celebratory dinner of roasted duck and wild greens, the incident is barely a shadow in the back of my mind. I nearly step on the package. I wouldn't even have seen it if Buttercup hadn't dashed past my ankles to sniff at it curiously. I nudge the cat away with the toe of one boot, ignoring his affronted growls, and scoop up the bundle in my hands. Warmth seeps through the crackling brown paper and into my fingers. Whoever left this on the doorstep must have done so mere minutes ago, if not seconds. Tucking the package against my chest, I sprint down the splintering porch steps and past the wilting herb garden, pulling up short at the road. I crane my neck in every direction, but there's no sign of life anywhere. No footsteps, no muffled laughter, nothing but the yowling cat, who has caught up to me and is standing on his back paws to drag his tongue across a corner of the paper sack. I don't blame him. Whatever is in there smells heavenly. Warm and zesty and yeasty, like cheese and fresh bread. Bread. Oh, no. I retreat back inside the house, opening the package with wriggling fingers the moment I reach the table. There, cushioned by balls of crumpled paper, are three perfect buns, lightly toasted and bursting with creamy herbed cheese. My rummaging dislodges a scrap of paper and it flutters to the floor. I pluck it from under a chair and flip it over to find a single line of writing in careful cursive: Katniss – I really do want to marry you, if you'll have me. –Peeta. He's devoted, I'll give him that. But if he wants to give me free food for a prank, far be it from me to stop him. I give my mother and Prim each a cheese bun for breakfast, wrapping my own up in paper again so I can take it with me into the woods and eat it there. I bypass the bakery in the afternoon, instead trading my squirrels to the seamstress's husband for a pair of hair ribbons for Prim. Two days later, I open the door to find another package. This one contains a handful of tiny frosted cookies, each decorated painstakingly with either a katniss flower, a primrose blossom or violets – my mother's namesake. The note reads, I never meant to trick you. P.S – You know you're welcome at the bakery anytime, whatever