AN: Title from Gasoline by Halsey. Omegas are expendable. That's what we're told every day. What we learned before we could walk or talk. What's hammered into our heads with every half-ration meal and dirty look. What we know, unquestionably, when the overtly disobedient ones suddenly stop showing up to work. Epsilons are safer. Epsilons are needed . They're our carpenters, our tailors, our bakers and blacksmiths. They work with their hands, like us, but their work isn't nearly so backbreaking and thankless. Though just one caste above Omegas, Epsilons are actually valued for the work they do. At least, I've never heard of an Epsilon family quietly and efficiently slaughtered where they slept because of the insubordination of one family member. Omegas are expendable. There are around a hundred and fifty thousand of us in Panem alone. And in the larger, grander nations? Untold millions. Everyone has a friend or family member that was offed and disposed of like so much slag slurry, whether by an accident or through Capitol means. For me it was my father. The mines took him, not the Peacekeepers – although, there have been speculations. My father was an outspoken man. Perhaps too outspoken. Maybe that's why they Reaped him into the mines instead of the fields or factories. Even Omega Assembly Line Workers have it easy compared to Omega Miners. A week belowground is enough to break even the strongest spirit – and stifle the most seditious mouth. I would say it runs in the family – I'm quite the spitfire myself – but chances are I'm only distantly related to either of my parents. Omegas don't get children of their own blood the way the other castes do. Even the lowly Epsilons are allowed children made of their own genes, the fetuses grown in a government lab and new"born"s dumped into their parents' arms without so much as a day's warning as the Population Managers see fit. Deltas are kept on constant birth control, like the rest of us, but they get to choose when their children are created. It's a long and arduous process to get the appeal approved by the Population Managers, but still, they get to decide when it happens. Betas are even luckier. They not only get to decide when to submit an appeal for offspring, but once it's been approved and their gametes have been welded in the lab, they get to take the gestation chamber home with them and watch their baby as it grows. Almost like a real pregnancy. But of course, it's not. Conception, pregnancy, childbirth – those are all privileges reserved for Alphas alone. And they take great advantage of it. The average Alpha Pair produces around ten children. The record is near thirty. It's rumored that multiplying like bunnies is part of an Alpha's job description. After all, Alpha-born Tributes become Betas, and Betas run the country. Anyway, Omegas get no such privilege. An Omega's DNA is extracted and catalogued the day after their Reaping, and the labs mix the genes that will produce the hardest workers, the thickest-skinned laborers, the most docile slaves. The baby you're assigned could be the product of any two sets of genes in the entire Omega population of your district. A population that is, at this very moment, packed into the town square, lining up around the edges and spilling over into the streets. We're lucky Twelve is mostly made up of Omegas, Epsilons and a few resentful Deltas, or else we'd be pushed even further back to make room for the Alphas and Betas. I stand in the roped-off section at the very back of the square, squinting up at the dazzling array of colors that scroll across the enormous screens. I already know what I'll see when the words Katniss Everdeen appear there. My picture will be on the left – the one they took when I arrived, just before pricking my finger for a DNA scan – and on the right will be an image of an unrealistically cheerful, clean man or woman in coveralls and a hard hat. Omega, it will read, and beside it, Miner. Just like the man who was my father in everything but blood. I know better than to hope to be Reaped into an aboveground job, or – stars above – into another caste entirely. Supposedly, all Tributes are equal. From the time you're brought out of your gestation chamber – or, I suppose, from the time you're born , if your parents are Alphas – to the day you turn eighteen, you're supposed to get the same education, the same opportunities, the same attention and care as everyone else. And then, on the day of your Reaping, you have the same chances as everyone else of being Reaped into any particular caste. The Reaping Directors study your Tribute life diligently, making note of your genetics, skills, personality, intellect, and everything in-between, and then your new life is calculated for you. Whether Alpha-born or Omega-"born", you could end up in any caste, in any job, in any district. Endless possibilities! Equality! Bullshit. Everyone knows you don't leave your caste once you're "born" into it. Not if you're an Omega. Tributes from other castes might move. Down, if they did something to really piss off the officials – like my mother, who came from an Epsilon family – or up, if fortune favors them. I've mouthed off to enough Peacekeepers to know exactly which of the two categories I'd end up in. And that's not even to mention all the illegal hunting. At least I know I can't be demoted to a lower caste; I'm already as low as they come. My sweat-damp palms open and close against the rough hem of my dress, rumpling the blue linen. It's short on me, leaving my legs bare to just over my knees, and passing Epsilons leer at the scabbed and scarred skin of my calves. Technically the dress was made for a child of no more than thirteen, but I've barely grown since I was that age myself, so it fits all right except for the length and a slight tightness across my chest. Or maybe the tightness is due to the sharp pop pop pop of Effie Trinket's heels as she struts across the stage and gives the microphone a sharp tap. The restless crowd quiets, but it does not settle. Tension swims in the air along with the dust and the heavy mid-summer heat. "Welcome, welcome, welcome," Effie says. She's an extravagant Beta who somehow got herself landed in District Twelve as a Tribute Coach and Escort. It's obvious she despises her job, and is only holding out until her rotation into a wealthier district – one with less Omegas and Epsilons in it – with the help of regular train deliveries of wigs and dresses. Today she's all pink. Deep, bright pink dress, cotton-candy pink wig, ghostly pink face. My gaze flicks back up to the massive screens hovering above the stage and my guts begin twisting around in my belly like a bowl of worms. Not knowing is the worst part, even when you do know. I know what I'll be Reaped as – I know without a shadow of a doubt – but still there's that tiny, niggling voice in the back of my mind that whispers, what if. What if I'm Reaped onto a farm or ranch somewhere, destined to pull weeds and shovel dirt for the rest of my life but blessedly aboveground, in the sun, far away from the coal-stained huts of Twelve? What if, by some miracle, I'm Reaped as an Epsilon? Or what if, instead of giving me a job, they drag me to the stage and put a bullet through my brain for poaching? It's not unheard of. It's like I said: Omegas are expendable. The Reaping Directors might have decided long ago that I would serve the community much better as an example than as any miner or factory worker. I turn around in the middle of Effie's speech about equality and order and endless opportunity, searching the crowd for the face of my sister. She's easy to spot, all blonde braids and smiles where she perches on Gale's shoulders. She grins and gives me a happy little wave. Gale just inclines his head grimly. Prim is absolutely convinced I'll be Reaped into Epsilon status. Gale went through his Reaping two years ago. Unlike my little sister, he knows exactly how likely it is to end up in the mines. Someone hisses at me and I turn around again before a Peacekeeper can notice and push through the crowd to correct my inattention. Effie's speech is over. The rippling colors fade from the screens above her. A soft grey glow replaces them. The Reaping has begun. The Deltas up front sink into the plastic chairs that were provided for them. One of the screens lights up with live feeds from other districts, where Betas recline in seats of red velvet, shielded from the sun's glare by gauzy, colorful screens. Once, we get a brief glimpse of the Alpha-born Tributes, done up in suits and dresses befitting royalty and seated on large, elevated cushions. No sound comes through the screen, but I watch their mouths move as they whisper to each other excitedly. They have no reason to be nervous. Alpha-born Tributes are invariably Reaped as Betas. It's a step down from being an Alpha, but they can't exactly complain about that. There are no second-generation Alphas. It's the only caste in which you're pretty much guaranteed not to be Reaped into the same place you started. The only way to become an Alpha is to be Reaped into it from another caste. Supposedly it's so that all Alphas have sympathy and understanding for the lower castes, having originated there, but nearly all Alphas were Beta-"born" Tributes, so they grew up in the lap of luxury anyway. "As always," Effie Trinket chirps into the microphone, "Alphas first." Like we need the reminder. The Alpha-born Tributes are Reaped, one by one. All of them get Beta jobs, of course. Fancy government positions with even fancier titles. All of the Alphas live in the Capitol, so there's only one Reaping ceremony to watch before it's the Beta-"born" Tributes' turn. The sun reaches its white-hot peak as the Beta-"born"s are Reaped as government officials, performers, teachers and doctors. By the time the cameras turn to the first Delta, many Epsilons in the town square have settled onto the baking-hot paving stones, shading themselves with jackets or bags held aloft. The Omegas remain standing. Epsilons can get away with resting their legs for short periods, but we know better than to try it ourselves. Half of the Deltas get office jobs. The other half are Reaped as Peacekeepers. Despite the sweltering heat, an icy shudder runs down my back at the sight of the white-plated uniforms flashing proudly over the screens. The Epsilons scramble to their feet as the time for their own Reaping draws near. My heart begins to kick against my ribs, and for the first time in hours I stop thinking about how sore my feet are getting. It'll be my turn soon. My name up on the screen. My destiny announced to the entire country. And suddenly, I'm praying harder than I've ever prayed in my entire life, reaching out to anyone who might be listening – Not the mines, please. Anything but the mines. We wait through the Epsilon Reapings of every other district before the crowded square of Twelve appears onscreen. I'm sick with nerves, and the heat has robbed me of so much hydration that I sway on my tired feet, barely registering the names of my classmates as they're called up to the stage to receive shiny new nametags and a packet of job instructions. Then Effie calls, "Peeta Mellark!" and suddenly I'm paying