It must be very early. No little hands pat my cheeks, no little voices burble in my ear. Maybe, for once, I can laze around in bed for a while before they come find me, all bright cheeks and curled fingers. The bed is warm, unusually so, but a crisp breeze prevents the heat from becoming uncomfortable. The sheets have twisted around my bare legs during the night, but I feel too heavy to bother kicking them away. I might as well try to get some more sleep before hungry little mouths wake up and demand breakfast. But then I roll onto my side, nudging my face further into the pillow, and something sets off a little alarm in the fuzzy depths of my mind. Bright. It can't be early, or it wouldn't be this bright. The kids are undoubtedly awake – they rarely get up much later than me, and I'm a notorious early riser – but the house is silent. And when you're the mother of four-year-old twins, silence is very suspicious. I hoist myself upright without opening my eyes, groping automatically for my phone, but the bedside table I end up smacking is definitely not my own. Confusion teeters through me, wobbly and light as a butterfly, until I remember. I turn around, and there, blinking at me blearily, is Peeta Mellark. "Annie!" Johanna hollers, flailing her arms like the windsock man that dances at the entrance of the fair. "An-nie!" A delicate-looking woman with waves of dark, tangled hair turns and waves back, nudging the bronze-haired man beside her. Then they're zigzagging their way through the crowd and Johanna pulls me along by the arm to greet them. I sigh and stuff the last bite of funnel cake past my lips before shoving the paper plate into an overflowing trashcan. It's not that I don't enjoy hanging out with Jo. I do. It's just that she does this every time. She sees someone she knows and inevitably drags me over to meet them, and within ten minutes she's telling me that so-and-so is having a party at their house, and I'm welcome to come along but, well, she knows how I feel about parties, and then she ends up going off with her friends and I'm left wandering around, alone, like the protagonist of some angsty pulp drama. At least if Prim had let me take the kids I'd have some company, and maybe even some fun, but she was adamant. "You need a break," she insisted. "A girls' night out with a friend, without the kiddos hanging off your arms. And anyway, I'm the auntie. It's my job to take them on rides and win gigantic stuffed animals for them and buy them too much cotton candy." So, we parted ways just past the ticket booth, Prim shepherding Faun and Sorin off towards the kiddie rides and Johanna leading me to the nearest corn dog stand. Now I wish I had dug in my heels a bit more. "Hey you," the woman named Annie coos, giving Johanna a one-armed hug. The other arm is firmly attached to the hip of the deeply tanned man. "This idiot is my best friend," Johanna proclaims, poking me. "Katniss, this is Annie. She was my roommate for a while." That's right. I vaguely remember a wild story or two about her and her boyfriend – Flynn? Fletcher? Finnegan? – before they got married and he settled down. I guess this is him. "Finnick Odair," the man introduces himself when he catches my inquiring glance. "Katniss Everdeen," I mumble, extending a hand. Instead of shaking it he catches it up and kisses my knuckles, earning a scowl from me and a snort of laughter from Johanna. Then Annie hugs me, tells me to ignore him, and points us all in the direction of the Ferris wheel. If there's one thing I don't want to do, it's sit in a rickety Ferris wheel basket, squished up next to Johanna's old friends while they gaze lovingly into each other's eyes. But Jo would never let me hear the end of it if I bailed, so I put on a smile and agree as pleasantly as I can. "Hi," Peeta says, the word opening into a yawn. "Uh, hi," I respond. The skin of my torso prickles with goose bumps and I realize, belatedly, that I'm not exactly wearing pajamas. I dig my fingers into the orange duvet and pull it around myself, heat rising in my cheeks. This is awkward. I'm not exactly familiar with one-night-stand procedure. In movies people always manage to get dressed and find their way out before the other person wakes up. What do I do now that he's awake? Fish around for my clothes and get dressed in front of him? Am I supposed to say something? What am I supposed to say? Thank you? See you around, since it's a small town and running into one another again is unavoidable? Or do I leave without saying anything at all? Would that be better, or worse? "Do you like waffles?" he says, making the decision for me, and I nod. Before I've even located my pants, he's already thumping down the stairs with a shout of, "Come on down when you're ready!" Annie bats at Finnick's phone as it begins to buzz – again. "Finn, put it away," she wheedles. "Work can wait until tomorrow." "It's not work," Finnick says, but he humors her and slides it into a pocket. Then he turns to Johanna. "Annie and I invited a friend to join us – do you mind? I was just telling him where to find us." "The more the merrier," Jo declares with a shrug, and I silently wither inside of myself. "Who is it?" "Buddy from college. He's actually half the reason we moved out here. He grew up here and just decided to move back, and he practically forced us to come along." Annie gives her husband an exasperated glance and corrects, "No, he didn't. We were coming here anyway for that lakeside cabin. Peeta had nothing to do with it." "I mean, he had a little to do with it. I'd follow his chocolate éclairs anywhere," Finnick says, but I'm only half-listening. That name sounds familiar. Peeta Mellark. Yes, very familiar. If he grew up in this town like Finnick said, there's a good chance I've seen him before. Hell, I may have even gone to high school with him. We probably sat in the same mandatory English class at some point. I kick at the battered tufts of grass below my feet. The last thing I want is to go through that conversation again. All anyone ever remembers about high-school me is that I was quiet and sullen and Gale Hawthorne's girlfriend, so whenever someone from school recognizes me the first thing out of their mouth is, "Where's Gale?" It's not that I miss him, because I don't. Not anymore. I never even loved him like that. But when you're grocery shopping with a screaming four-year-old on each hip and some ex-cheerleader is looking around for your husband, it's hard to tell her you never even had one. It's even worse when Johanna is there to tell you that this is why you need to go on more dates. So, when Finnick begins to wave his arms and yell over the plinking tune of the nearby carousel, I take a deep preparatory breath. Maybe I can fake a headache and bow out early. Maybe I can find Prim and the kids and… What, go home? Faun would throw a fit if I so much as suggested going home this early, and Sorin would get tearful and sniffly and… No, there's no escape for me unless I leave the car for Prim and walk home by myself. I'm weighing the pros and cons of walking those four miles in the dark when a broad-shouldered blonde emerges from the crowd and bounds over to join us. And immediately, I recognize him. I don't know how I didn't connect the name with the face before. Peeta, as in Peeta Mellark, the boy whose tenth grade landscape painting won a page in some big-city magazine, who never failed to bring cupcakes to school on his friends' birthdays, whose winning streak in wrestling was marred only by a loss to his older brother. Peeta Mellark, Gale's friend from biology. The one who always used to stare at me across the lunch table. The one who I haven't seen, or, indeed, thought about, in years. He very obviously recognizes me too. His eyes widen as soon as they fall on me, and they're just as big and blue and honest as they were when he was a teenager. In fact, his looks have hardly changed, except for a multitude of new freckles and a more defined jaw, and… Damn it, it shouldn't be allowed to get more attractive after high school. "Katniss," he says, offering a hand. I don't miss the way he glances at my finger, searching for a ring that isn't there. This is going to be a nightmare. "You really weren't kidding," I say, finishing off the plate in an amount of time that would probably be considered rude if we were anywhere other than a tiny, dirty mining town smack dab in the middle of the Appalachian mountains. Here, how fast you scarf down your food is considered to be directly proportionate to how much you enjoyed it. "I told you," Peeta says. He's staring at me across the table again, just like he did nearly every day senior year. It's almost laughable how different the circumstances are now. "The Mellark pancake recipe is the best thing to grace this earth." My phone chimes with a morning update from Prim – Kiddos just woke up, eating Lucky Charms, asking where you are, which I would like to know too, by the way – giving me an excuse to look away. Now that neither of us are eating anymore, the awkwardness is returning. I don't know how it's possible to be fully dressed and still feel bare in front of someone who saw you naked in the back of their car… And against their living room wall… And in their bed… I shoot Prim a quick explanation, omitting a few key details, as Peeta gets up and sweeps our plates away to the sink. When he returns, he perches on the chair beside me. "So," he says, grinning in that infuriating way of his. "What are you doing today?" "Work," I say simply. My eyes find the acid-green numbers on his microwave. "Not for a couple hours, though." He pouts. "So, no chance of you sticking around awhile?" I watch my fingers tangle together. Sticking around? He wants me to stay? Warmth rises in my face at this unexpected idea. Here I was thinking I'd have to slink away, walk-o'-shame style, and spend the rest of however long he's staying here avoiding him. "No," I say finally, cushioning the word with an apologetic shrug. "But… later?" He's nodding before I'm even done speaking. "Yeah. Definitely." A devious smile pushes a dimple into his cheek. "I mean, I don't know about you, but I wouldn't mind a repeat of last night…" I shove him, swallowing a laugh, and he feigns injury with dramatic flair. Then he sobers. "Or just hanging out. I'd like that too. I had a lot of fun with you at the fair." "Yeah," I agree. "Four per basket," the ride operator insists. "Sorry. I didn't make the rules." Johanna scowls and takes a breath like she's getting ready to curse out the nineteen-year-old who's just doing his job. Thankfully, Peeta cuts in before she can. "I'll just wait out here. I've been meaning to get a corn dog anyway." He smiles. "You guys go ahead." "No," Annie says firmly. "You waited in