Cold. That is what I am aware of first. Cold, and then a sudden, stark brightness burning red through my eyelids. Eyelids? Noise. Sound, but not just that – words. Speech. It trickles into my head as the deep, electric cold gnaws on my bones, and gradually the sounds resolve themselves into patterns I recognize. "… very optimistic… this model… withstand up to…" The voice is smooth and measured, the inflections precise, and the timbre deep. Male, my brain supplies. Momentarily I wonder at the meaning of the word, but then I remember – or, rather, I know , since remembering requires a previously formed memory – male. Female. Sexes. And suddenly, it occurs to me: if the voice is male, that male must possess a body with which to produce speech. Which means I must have a body, too, in order to hear it. Of course, I knew before that I was equipped with various sensory receptors, or I wouldn't hear the voice, wouldn't see the glare of bright, white light beyond my closed eyelids, wouldn't feel this terrible chill. But it hadn't occurred to me that those receptors were part of a whole body, nor that I could possess it. Reside in it. Be it. As soon as I become aware of the body – my body – I begin to feel it. My back and shoulders pressed against a slippery-smooth surface, cold as the air around me. My hands – the fingertips twitch as I mentally catalogue them – and my legs, stretched out and limp. The voice changes abruptly, tearing my attention away from my skin and muscle and bones. "… like the others?" The words are the tail end of a question, I can tell by the tone, although how that instinctual knowledge came to be in my head in the first place is a mystery to me. "I've made some progress on the calibration since then," the voice replies, and I realize the question must have come from a different voice entirely. A different person, also male, but lacking the slow cadence of the first. "All of the kinks should be worked out by now. Knock on wood." I'm able to understand most of the words now, individually, but their collective meaning eludes me. Something hot and gritty wells up in me and my hands twitch again. Frustration, my brain supplies, once again providing information of unknown origin. "She moved," says a third voice, this one younger than the others. But how? How do I know he's young? How do I know these words? I search myself, delving into my own mind, seeking any shred of memory. But all that comes is what I've just experienced. That farthest back I can go is to that first moment of coldness and brightness and babbling, meaningless noise. "Ah. Yes. That does happen occasionally," the first voice says, and this time I'm able to string the words together into a complete thought. I understand the message, not just the words by themselves. Triumphant, I refocus on the voice, hoping it will happen again. And it does. "Its motor control has been limited, up until now, but once in a while it'll twitch. Like a fetus in the womb, really." This is harder. Fetus. Womb. Unfamiliar words, unfamiliar concepts, but after a moment my brain makes the necessary connections. He's talking about an unborn human child. No, not talking about. Comparing to. And then, I realize with a sick jolt that snaps deep through my gut – me. He's comparing me to an unborn child. He's talking about me. And it makes sense. It would explain the lack of prior memories… But then, it doesn't explain the information seemingly stashed away in my brain, ready for retrieval at a single thought, nor the apparent maturity of my body. I don't feel small, as I imagine a newborn child would. I don't feel weak. But if not that, then what? The question that has been lingering in my chest since I became aware now pushes to the forefront of my mind: What am I? "I expect it'll be moving more frequently, now that it's been initiated," the most talkative voice continues, and all at once the desire for sight takes hold of me. I want to see who these people are, and, moreover, where they are. They can obviously see me, and that puts me at a disadvantage. They could be a threat, and I have no way to defend myself. Suddenly, I feel vulnerable. Alone. Bare. The sensation trembles through me in waves. There's a hard, rapid squeeze in my chest – my heart, that mysterious cache of information tells me – as a fluttery tightness coils around me. A steady beep, a noise I hadn't even registered until now, increases in tempo, matching the rhythm of my heart, and the voices fall into an unsteady silence. I can't see, and I want to open my eyes but I don't know how, and that fluttering pressure is winding tighter and tighter and I'm scared – I wasn't even aware of the concept of fear until now, but I am, I'm scared, and – My eyelids flutter and the brightness pierces my eyes, so white and so much that they instinctively squeeze closed again, the greenish ghost of the light drifting away behind my eyelids. I try again, the muscles of my face contracting for the first time as I squint. There's a series of muffled taps – footsteps – and then the light dims, fading into a comfortable half-darkness, and I can finally see the space around me. The three males stand several feet in front of me. Each is unique, but my attention is pulled away by the room itself before I can examine them. Small. Gray-walled. Shiny-clean, to a degree that makes me shiver. I am suspended at a forty-five degree angle on a metal slab, head-up, in the center of the room, and my three observers are clustered near a polished steel door. My eyes dart from one to another. The oldest wears a pair of boxy glasses that flash in the light and a long, white coat, pens bristling from the breast pocket. He peers at me down a large nose, lifting a finger to push at his glasses, his eyes sharp and inquisitive. The man next to him is obviously younger, and he stands straighter, his hands clasped behind him. His facial hair is sculpted into some strange design, and his eyes, pale blue and fixed on me with keen interest, are set deep in a pale face. I don't like the way either of them are looking at me, and my heart is still pounding out danger-danger-danger, so I shift my gaze to the last person in the room. This is the youngest, the one that noticed when my fingers twitched. His own fingers still rest on a switch by the door. He must have turned down the lights when I recoiled from them. Then his lips move, soundlessly, drawing my eyes to his face, and I find myself looking into a pair of wide, blue eyes. Not blue like the bearded man. Not a pale, cold blue, but deep and rich, with tiny flecks of other shades sprinkled throughout. His hair is gold – no, blond , that's the word – and I find myself somewhat fixated on it. The thick waves, unruly despite a light application of styling gel, are the only yellow hue in the room. Everything else is some variant on gray or blue or white. The man with the glasses speaks first, and I identify him as the one who compared me to a fetus. "Ah," he says, "It's booting up. I wondered if that would be happening soon." The bearded man says nothing, his eyes continuing to drag up and down my body, but his lips curl up slightly. I look down. My hair is long and dark and glossy, falling about my shoulders and past my elbows. And I am female, I can see, although I am sure I would have known that long before if it had occurred to me to wonder. Unlike the three men, I am not covered in fabric – clothing – so in a glance I can take in the two modestly sized breasts, tips stiff and rosy in the cold air, and the soft cleft at the junction of my thighs. My skin is similar in color to the man with the glasses: a dull olive, like… like… I have nothing to compare it to, apparently. Here and there, a silvery shimmer interrupts the pale brown. Scars, I think at first, but no – the marks aren't raised or knotted, as scar tissue would be, and the color is all wrong. Scars generally fall somewhere on the spectrum between pink and white, if my strange stockpile of information is correct, and these markings are very definitely silver. They swirl over my left hip, spider-web across my right thigh, brush past my ribs and lace down my right shoulder. I slide my left hand to my hip, slowly, and stroke the marking there with my thumb. It feels no different from the rest of my skin. Supple. Dry. Peppered with goose bumps. Goose bumps . What a strange phrase. And stranger still that I knew it immediately, without having to think. The bearded man moves, drawing my attention up again, and I find him pointing to that space where my legs converge. "Is it equipped with a reproductive system?" The oldest man casts him a sharp look, flicking off his glasses to clean them on a corner of the coat. "Well, it has all the other major organ systems. It seemed silly not to include that one. And after all, our goal was to create a specimen as accurate as possible, so as to blend in. But may I remind you, Mr. Crane, that this model was designed for military and espionage application, not for sale." "Of course," the bearded man – Crane – agrees, tucking his hand into a lapel. "I'm simply trying to keep our options open. If this project goes south, at least we know that models like this little lady will fetch a pretty penny in… other markets." My head is swimming, their words colliding and meshing in my skull. Sale? Accurate specimen? Military and espionage? Other markets? What is this? What are these men going to do to me? The pressure in my chest redoubles, sending the beeping into a frantic tempo again, and the man with glasses frowns and approaches me, muttering something about a faulty cardiovascular system. "What's wrong with it?" Crane sniffs, taking a half-step back. "I thought you said all of its internal organs were stable." "They should be," the man replies, reaching for my left wrist. I flinch as his hand closes around my arm and he lifts it, revealing a slender needle buried in the crook of my elbow. "Could be an adverse effect from the sedatives." The youngest man steps forward, tentatively. He's more of a boy, really. His eyes meet mine, something I can't name shining in their depths. "Beetee, she looks…" he ventures, then hesitates. He still hasn't broken eye contact. "Scared," he decides at last. The man with glasses – Beetee, I suppose his name is – gives a dismissive flick of the hand. "Impossible. Its brain may be half organic, but it wasn't designed for emotional experience." The boy still hasn't looked away, and I'm not about to, either. He's the only person in the room who seems to care about me in the slightest, even if it's in a distant, non-personal kind of way, and I desperately need something to hold on to. Beetee is fiddling with the needle, sliding it out of my elbow and back in again, feeling my pulse, pushing at different places on my neck, and I'm sick with