(A.N. Well everyone, here it is! The sequel to Coffee Makes the Heart grow fonder. Posting wont be super frequent but one every two weeks or so should be the norm. I am writing two stories including this one so be patient with me. Thanks so much and I hope you enjoy this first chapter! If anyone wants me to make a playlist for this one please tell me and I will. REVIEW, REVIEW, REVIEW!) Disclaimer- Not my characters! "We were sitting around in the living room, eating leftover spaghetti, during the black out. We had candles lit all over the place, but the mood in the room wasn't super romantic. "We were talking nonstop, conversation just flowing. It was just a really good day with him. We were just having one of those nights where we couldn't get enough of each other. When you look at each other and realize how amazingly lucky you are to have that person, and how incredible it feels to be in love with them, but at the same time it's so casual and free feeling that it doesn't overwhelm you. "So I bent down over the food and had another bite from the plate we were sharing and when I looked up there was a little white jewelry box opened up in the middle of the coffee table. The way the candles cast the light over the diamond made it look even more perfect. When I looked up at him he was just smiling contently at me. This is the point I realized I still had a long noodle hanging out of my mouth, so I slurped that up really quick and wiped away the sauce on my chin. He laughed, before he got up, walked around the coffee table and got on one knee next to me, grabbed my hand and said, ' You are everything in my life. When you smile I smile, when you laugh I laugh and when you cry it breaks my heart. I don't ever want to lose you, so I hope you will agree to spend your life with me.' " You could feel the anticipation as we all sat around the table. Listening intently, so as not to miss a single moment of the tale that in its own right sounded like a fairy tale. Silence rang so thick with the anticipation that you could hear a needle drop. I, myself, found it hard to grasp the reality of it. "So at this point I could feel tears streaming down my face as I stared up at him with wide eyes. He casually reached over and took the ring from the box before grabbing my hand and said, ' Alice, will you marry me?' " She held her hand out to Rosalie and me, displaying the rock that looked like it would make tiny little Alice topple over. Her smile stretched across her face, threatening to tear it in two. Her tiny squeaks of excitement sounded as we grabbed her hand and inspected the beautiful ring that would forever link her to the man she loved. I couldn't be more happy for her. Jasper of course called me and told me he was planning to do this so I could help him with choosing the ring. I wasn't much help. He picked it out all by himself after my only opinion was that the shiny little rocks attached to shiny silver bands was probably the best way to go. Of course when he finally found the ring and called me over for my opinion I was speechless. That's right, not a single smartass remark left my lips. There was nothing I could say. The ring screamed 'Alice!' He said that my reaction alone told him he had the perfect ring. He had also made a trip to Forks, under the pretenses of a trip to LA for a business thing, and formally asked her father for permission to ask Alice for her hand in marriage. Obviously he got the ok. The excitement of the whole thing about drove me over the edge. Every time I was around Alice I had to make a point to not smile like a madman, and the fact that Jasper was going to do it when it felt right, instead of setting up a big extravagant event made the anticipation unbearable. I didn't know when I would get that phone call from a screeching Alice telling me she was getting married. But I kept the secret. If I hadn't, Jasper would have killed me. The real thing that killed me was that I had to keep the secret from everyone. I couldn't tell a soul, lest the information was leaked to someone important. Edward, though he had his suspicions, well, more that he knew without actually knowing, got the idea when Jasper asked me to hang out for a day without anyone else. A normal boyfriend might get jealous, but not my Edward. He hit the nail on the head with the first guess and I of course had to feign ignorance. Edward would just smile at me, highly amused by the obvious torture the secret was causing me, and ask if Jasper had asked yet every time we were around each other. It was hard not to spill the beans, and even harder not to kick him in the shins when he teased me about it. But now Alice was officially engaged, and that meant I could officially talk about the subject that had been trying to rip its way out of me for close to two months now. Never in my life had I ever thought that I, Bella Swan, would want to have a girl talk about things like this, but low and behold the day is here. I smiled brightly at Rose and Alice. "I'm so glad I can finally talk about it now!" I sighed with relief. They both stared at me confused until comprehension dawned on them. I just waggled my eyebrows in response. "You little SNEAK!" Alice screeched, swatting my arm. "I can't believe you kept a secret like this from me." "What did you expect me to do?" I asked, indignant. "You really would have preferred if I came up to you and spilled the beans, so that Jasper couldn't surprise you with the great, romantic blackout proposal? Yes, I believe me telling you instead of Jasper asking you would have been a much better story to tell your future children. You're right Alice. Will you ever forgive me?" Rosalie smiled proudly at me, then stared at Alice as if daring her to deny my perfect logic. And it was perfect. Jasper did a good job! Any girl would just be happy to get such a good guy, especially such a good-looking good guy. But to top it off, lets add romantic and hopelessly in love. If I didn't have what I consider an even more perfect boyfriend, I might be jealous. Thankfully, Edward has all of those qualities, and then some. "Fine." Alice said in defeat. "Still, I can't believe he told you." "WHY NOT!?" I asked offended. "And he didn't just tell me, I helped him pick out the ring." I wanted to stick my tongue out at her and shoot a 'so there' her way but I held back, deciding to play the mature hand instead. Alice smirked at me then smiled brightly as she gazed down at the ring. "And what a perfect ring it is." She said happily. "I knew there was no way a guy could pick out such a beauty, though I have to admit I am even more surprised that you of all people did. You are pretty much as bad as men with this kind of stuff." I started to defend myself but then, when I thought about it, I realized she was right. I sighed and shrugged giving her a small nod. "I actually wasn't much help." I admitted. "He picked it out, then called me over to look and then WALA! Big shiny rock on your tiny, little finger. I was really just along for the ride." "That's sounds a little more believable." She said still gazing at the ring. "Well Rose, any advice?" Rose and Emmett had gotten married earlier in the summer. She had been a Mrs. for nearly two months now and she seemed to be handling the change very well. She and Emmett both seemed even more in love than before, which is hard to believe. Their wedding was not only beautiful, but also the most fun I have ever had at an event I had to dress up for. Getting to see Edward in a tux only made things better. Their actual ceremony was short and sweet. Emmett looked incredibly handsome, and of course Rosalie was the most beautiful woman anyone had ever seen. Her dress was elegant, yet form-fitting enough to show off her amazing body. She looked like a modern day princess. In fact the actual ceremony was very extravagant but in an elegant way. It screamed Rosalie. Big, but not too big, with lots of dark red roses to set the mood. The reception, on the other hand, had Emmett written all over it. From the big, and I do mean big, dancing area, to the classic rock streaming through the speakers. Oh and did I mention the limbo pole? The reception was just a big party. "What about you Bella?" Rosalie asked, pulling me out of my thoughts. I stared at them confused. I had no idea what they were asking. "What…" I said lamely. They just rolled their eyes. "Bel-laaa!" Alice's whine emphasizing the syllables. "Pay attention would you!?" "Yeah, yeah. Sure." I said with a dismissive wave of my hand. "Now what was the question?" "We asked when you and Edward were going to tie the knot." Rosalie snickered. I stared up at them from the muffin I was picking apart with wide, confused eyes. "I don't know!" I said quickly. "Why in the world would I think about that?" "Well, you and Edward are going to get married someday," Alice said, trying to get me to grasp something I wasn't quite catching. She sighed. "Why prolong the inevitable? Think about it. The sooner you get married the closer you are to your fiftieth anniversary." I cocked my head and stared at Alice, trying to figure her out. "Do you really think like that?" I asked. I had never really thought about Edward and I getting married. I mean, I assumed that someday, but I have never imagined the actual ceremony. Alice and Rose stared at me like I was an alien. "You seriously never thought about what your wedding is going to be like? What would be the perfect ceremony for Edward and you?" Rosalie asked looking truly curious. "You never thought about your wedding day when you were little, thinking prince charming would be your groom?" "Well I guess." I said slowly. I felt my eyebrows draw together, as they looked at me expectantly. "I mean, I think that, yeah, someday Edward and I might get married. I'd hope if I ever get married it's to him. And you know, the whole, saying 'I do' thing." "That's all you have thought about?" Rose still looked completely baffled by my total lack of interest. "Well, no actually I kind of was thinking about one thing." I said. They both leaned in closer, excited to get a glimpse into the wedding plans in my mind. I leaned in closer to them and smiled. "Well, ever since the thought of marriage entered my mind, I always thought about how, maybe, I could skip the whole walking down the aisle thing, and possibly the first dance. Dancing all together actually can just be cut from the whole reception. That is if we even have a reception." They both slumped at my confession.