So before I begin, I own nothing in this story. Everything except my ideas belong to Brainless Rick Riordan (what ideas haha). I swore up and down I would never write a fanfiction. I mean I love reading them, but I am a horrible writer….. just the worst. Nowadays it seems, all the good authors decided to take a break from PJO and the best ship aka pertemis. So I decided to take the situation into my own hands and write the best story ever(not). So prepare yourselves my friends…its and leave your criticism at the door, not like you can do any better. Also any Stephen Dickriders or Warrior Bandwagoners, you aren't welcome here you twits. This is King James House. BTW I never read Blood of Olympus (thank god) because I heard it sucked, which it probably did. So if I made mistakes…. I never read the last book. The pairing hasn't been decided yet, and won't be for a long time. I am leaning heavily toward pertemis though :) Percy Jackson and the Bow of Starlight Chapter 1 The Ride to Hell (Percy POV) BOOM! Bang! Ahhhhhh!. Oh well hello there my lovely readers. At this moment in time we the seven of the prophecy are at Camp Half Blood…getting our asses kicked. It's not like I don't want to help defeat Gaia and be the big bad hero. More like Leo trying to do to much, and me not doing enough. I thought I would actually be useful on this quest…but turns out all I did was escape Tartarus, awaken Gaia, and try to unsuccessfully defeat some earthborn while also getting my ass kicked by my dads bane. Fucking Christ. So now here I lay after being knocked out by some earthborn. How useless, hope all the other demigods who look up to me don;t notice my unconscious form on the ground. Wouldn't that just be fantastic."PEEEEERCYYYY" someone that sounded a lot like my mother screamed. Jesus what the HELL is my mother doing here. That train of thought continued until I was violently yanked into a sitting position and slapped multiple times. It took me a minute to recover before I saw the angry storm gray eyes looking at me. I tried to speak…but it came out as "cough, weez, cough". "Percy are you ok"? Oh just peachy thank you. Thankfully Annabeth noticed how messed up I was, and decided to stop asking questions and help me up. That was when I saw just how fucked we were. Gaia was laughing her ass off while beating the crap out of Leo and Jason…I think. The earthborn were pushing back my fellow campers. To top that off the romans decided to keep the stick up their ass and not help, but make things worse and continued to fight the greek demigods. "Seaweed brain we need a plan….fast". Well fantastic, let me just make a plan and execute it Annabeth, because thats totally how I roll. "Waaater" is the plan I came up with. She rolled her eyes before pulling out a small canteen and handing it over. "Thanks Wise girl, how bad is it". I love how everything always works out for me, because the response I got was a giant golden head crashing two meters away from me, blowing dirt in every direction. "Well wonderful, whats the plan." "I don't know seaweed brain. Jason is struggling, and Leo just got knocked out. Gaia only needs a few more minutes before she rises." Great just wonderful. "Where is Frank". "He is tending to Hazel near the Argo II, she is badly hurt". Time for Plan G. I grabbed Annabeth's hand and sprinted over to the once glorious ship which was now represented a scrapyard. "Frank!" "Over here". We saw him tending to Hazel underneath one of the fallen metal sheets which looked to have fallen over just perfectly. "Frank I need your help, Annabeth can tend to Hazel." He tensed for a second, looking over at Annabeth with distrust for a second, before a glare from here forced him to concede defeat and let go of her hand. We got up and began to leave while Annabeth took over bandaging Hazels broken form. "Frank can you become a eagle, and carry me over the battlefield. I need to take a look around." Frank transformed and took me up in his giant talons. He proceeded to fly a hundred meters in the air where I go try first look at the battlefield. Holy cow we were being wrecked. The romans were not helping at all, and Gaia's laugh seemed to be getting louder as she used one gigantic hand to swipe away at Jason. I however did notice the monstrous crack in the earth that was glowing red right behind her, and concluded that it must be a way to Tartarus. Was her husband coming out as well? Oh lord. "Frank let's go back." It took us another minute to get back to the fallen Argo II, where I noticed a new figure had arrived. The scene we came back to was quite strange as Hazel was glaring at Annabeth who seemed to have a figure pinned down with a knife to said figures throat. It took me only a couple seconds to see the elf like figures and realize who it was. "Annabeth what are you doing, let go of Leo!" Seriously why was she holding one of our allies hostage like that. She completely ignored me for a second, before getting off of him. "This little elf is going to get us killed Percy." "No I am not…or atlas not you guys…I can't speak for the campers" Leo began while keeping his I'm so awesome smile on. I guess my confused look was that noticeable as Leo began to babble out his plan. The only two words I caught was Bomb and Argo. "What?" "Percy, lets rig the Argo II with some greek fire bombs and send it at Gaia, I could fix the autopilot and we can blow that crazy señorita back to hell!" Annabeth was about to respond, before I said "does anyone have a better plan?" No response. "Okay thats settled, come on Leo. Annabeth, Frank, move Hazel away and tell the campers to move away." They nodded their heads, before Annabeth approached me and kissed me. "Come back seaweed brain, or I will personally find you and make your life hell." I frowned upon seeing her eyes water up. "You know I will always come back to you" I said, as I pulled her into a quick embrace before releasing her. She gave me one last look before kissing me, and running towards Frank. I gave Frank and Hazel one look which conveyed my message, as they slowly nodded their heads and followed Annabeth. "Okay Leo let's finish this." We climbed upwards towards where the Argo's stable used to be that now housed huge amounts of Greek fire vials. Grabbing some greek vials we set to work rigging every inch of the ship that remained intact. As we made out way to what used pt be the control room, the earth started shaking causing Leo to fall of the edge and tumble down while screaming. I was too slow to grab him which resulted in me smashing into the metal railing while watching my friend and our only available mechanic plummet towards to ground. "Well…FUCK ME." I roared while grabbing my hair and attempting to pull it out. I had no other options. Gaia's laugh was so loud it was killing my brain cells. I had only one choice, I must attempt to repair the pilot controls myself. I rushed toward the control room, and the sight that I arrived to baffled me. There were a whole bunch of wires everywhere, and the room was scrapped. "No…" I doubt even Leo could have fixed this. It's over, we have lost. Finally after all this time, the weight of the situation I was dealing with landed on me. We've lost. The gods were gone, the demigods were weakened. There was no-one to guide or help us now. 'Oh really.' What was that voice, I was alone in the room… wasn't I? 'No you aren't.' a giggling voice in my head stated. It took me a couple seconds. There is a voice in my head, there is a voice in my head, oh my fucking god there is a voice in my head. I did the manliest thing possible…screamed out loud. 'Now now Perseus, the Hero of Olympus doesn't scream like a child, does he?'The Voice said in a mocking tone. Okay one thing for certain was the voice was that of a girl. 'Woman" the voice said amused. 'What the fuck are you doing in my head.' 'Perseus, watch your language. As or who I am… for now it must be a secret. I see you have run into a problem, nothing that I cannot handle. Close you eyes child.' Child? Okay whatever. I did as the voice commanded me and when I opened my eyes, the whole room was brand new. "What the fu.." 'LANGUAGE!' 'Ow, ow, okay…Thanks…I guess…' I didn't get a response…lovely. Alright lets get this over with. I grabbed the safety hatch on top and opened it, have to escape after all. I activated the auto pilot and turned it in the direction of Gaia. Just as I was about to escape, a large earthquake happened and broke the hatch sides, forcing it shut. "Nooooooo!" "AAAAHHHH" The ship shot forward at full speed as the thrusters came online. No No No this couldn't be happening. "ANNNNABETH!" As the ship flew towards the Argo I noticed a figure on a spear heading towards Gaia…Is that Octavian… What the Fuck…. The Argo crashed full force into Gaia, as the Greek bombs blew up causing my world to go dark. The last thing I remembered was Gaia screaming in pain as the ship pushed her into the giant crack of earth behind her… and we fell into the abyss below. (I AM THE GOAT) Uhhhh, where am I? Silence. My entire body felt like I took another dip in the Styx. How did I get here? Better question is where the hell am I? I opened my eyes and took a quick look around. I was in a cell…that looks like it hasn't been used for a long time. Was that blood or rust on the wall? Jeez the floor was just as dirty, and I happened to be lying down on it…gross. I slowly got up and very slowly stretched out my arms and legs. The area around me was awfully quiet. I gripped the metal bars that kept me from freedom and began shaking them. They didn't budge at first, but with a few more violent shakes they gave away. That surprised me, I thought metal bars would put up more of a fight. I slowly walked down the hallway before coming to a crossroads of sort. If I turned right I would be going down a long hall, same thing for left and straight as well. 'Well isn't this just great' Which way to go….straight…no left arghhh. Strangely as I turned to look at the left hallway I felt a sort of pull coming from it, like I was being summoned. So I did the smart thing and turned right and began walking down the hallway. This place was way too quiet for my liking, and what was with the smell. Was that…Tuna? The though of dead fish made me feel sad for some reason. Guess I am a animal…fish lover. I continued walking straight for what seemed like hours until I arrived in a huge room. It was a strange sight for my eyes. I started wondering why none of this freaked me out. This scene reminds me of a horror movie….I guess, and none of it