AN: This is a one-shot written for the 'Growing Together' prompt in the farewell tour round of Prompts In Panem. Many thanks to deinde-prandium, papofglencoe, and tanb for their fantastic beta skills! You ladies are wonderful! Also, you can find me on tumblr at dandelion-sunset . :) Awakening As I open the door to Peeta's house, I'm immediately hit with the intoxicating aroma of cheese buns. I should be used to it after nearly two years, but no matter how much I'd eaten earlier, the scent of Peeta's baking still makes my stomach growl. I dust the freshly fallen snowflakes from my jacket and take the cap off my head as I enter the kitchen. Peeta's standing at the counter decorating a cake, with a plate full of cheese buns waiting for me off to the side. I waste no time in closing the distance, grabbing one, and taking a seat on a bar stool opposite of him. "So how was your hunt?" "I didn't really do any hunting. Just kind of sat and thought for a while," I answer, placing my elbow on the counter and resting my chin on my palm. "It was cold, but peaceful." "Well, I'm glad you came back when you did. They're calling for a blizzard, and I didn't want to get lost in the woods trying to find you," he comments as he frosts a yellow flower. "That's just what I need, to be cooped up in the house for a week or two," I groan. "Yeah, but you'll be with me," Peeta brightly counters. "It'll be like last year's snowstorm. I'll make us cocoa and cookies… not to mention endless cheese buns. You could have worse company, you know." I can't help but smile at his earnest declaration, a slight blush making its way into my cheeks. Images of cuddling together under a blanket in front of the fireplace, filling our bellies with baked goods while playing a game of 'Real or Not Real' come to mind. At least, that's how we spent a lot of last winter. Peeta's regained most of his memories since then, though, so who knows how we'll spend time getting through it this year. Probably by working on the Memory book, which we began a few months back. "Speaking of worse company, have you talked to Haymitch lately? He hasn't been over to work on the book for a few days." "Yeah, earlier today. Same as always. He got a new shipment of liquor, so you know, he's happy in his own little world right now. Or as happy as he can be," Peeta replies. "He gave us another box of Capitol newspapers and magazines to go through, though." I nod unenthusiastically. It always puts me in a foul mood to read about the brash, opulent lives of Capitol citizens, and the abrasive content sometimes triggers Peeta into one of his episodes. But every once in a while, we'll find a piece about a past Victor or Tribute, and honoring their memory far outweighs my annoyance. And if Peeta persists in doing it, despite the hell it sometimes puts him through, I have no room to complain. "When do you want to start on them?" Peeta shrugs and looks at me with raised eyebrows. "Now, if you want? I was going to start earlier, but it's better when we do it together. I figured I'd wait until you got back." "Okay, I guess. But what about your cake?" "I can finish it later," he smiles, setting the pastry bag down on the counter, then reaching behind his back to untie his apron. "It was really just a distraction until you came home anyway." Until I came home . An unexpected warmth shoots through me at those words. I do spend most of my time at Peeta's nowadays; I eat, sleep, and do almost all my daily activities here. I rarely ever go to my place anymore. It holds too many haunting memories, ghosts I don't want to wake. I only go to my house to grab clothes, bathe, or when I need time alone for a while - though I usually just retreat to the woods for that. Even Buttercup has taken up residency here. Maybe this is kind of my home, too. Peeta places his apron on the counter before making his way into the dining room. I follow closely behind. I see that he already has the contents of the box spilled out in a cluttered pile, waiting for us in the center of the table. Taking a deep breath to calm my nerves, I take a seat across from him and promptly pick up a magazine titled ' Capitol Crusade. ' It's supposed to have 'gripping social commentary', but in reality holds little depth - unless you're passionate about celebrities wearing out-of-date fashions and gossip on the latest Capitol scandal, like who cheated on who in the entertainment business. Still, the Hunger Games used to be one of the biggest sensations to write about, so occasionally we'll find a rare gem of substance hidden within. Peeta grabs another magazine called ' Yesterday and Tomorrow '; it's a little more serious than the one I have, but not by much. We fall into silence as we continue to flip through the pages. Just as I reach the end of my magazine, the table gives a jolt when Peeta grips the edges, his knuckles turning white from the pressure. His eyes are squeezed shut with a deep crease between his brows, and his mouth is a thin, white line. Immediately, I try to calm him, speaking of things like sunsets and baking - anything to get his mind away from whatever horror it's currently imagining. "Peeta…" I say gently, reaching over and placing my hand on his. "Come back to me. Whatever you're seeing right now, it's not real ." Finally, with a long, raspy breath, his body relaxes and he opens his tear-brimmed eyes. "This time it was . What I did was real," he mumbles. "What do you mean?" He slides the closed magazine across the table towards me. "There's an interview with Brutus' family in there." "Oh," I whisper. "I'll toss it out." "No," Peeta replies in a firm tone, meeting my eyes. "You'll have to add him to the book when I'm not around. But he should still be remembered." "Are you sure?" I ask slowly. "In all likelihood, it'll probably be only me, you, and Haymitch to ever look through it. I can guarantee we're not going to miss him." "Yeah, I'm sure," he answers, his jaw tensing. "You never know, in the future… well, you never know what it might bring. We might not be the only ones to ever look through it. I'd rather our book be complete." I nod and move the magazine to the side, knowing it's pointless to argue. Peeta has a hardened look of resolve on his face that I've come to realize means he's made up his mind and there's no budging it. Usually, however, these looks are only reserved for small things, such as arguing the point that I need a jacket when it's only slightly chilly outside, which I always wind up wearing. I'm about to reach for another magazine when he lets out such a sudden, boisterous laugh that it makes me jump. It's such a reversal from the mood he held only a couple seconds ago, I find myself confused and curious as to what would emit such a reaction from him. "What?" I ask quickly. He points to the magazine in his hands, but can't control his laughter long enough to answer. I narrow my eyes in question, so he turns the cover towards me. My mouth drops open as I read the title: Sensuous Sexuality: A Collective Writing Edition Featuring the Star-crossed Lovers of District 12 "Seriously?" I bark indignantly. "That's disgusting! I know the Capitol loves its entertainment, but that's taking it way too far. I can't believe they actually wrote about us having…" I cover my face with my hands, as if that'll make the magazine vanish from existence. "Ugh. And who knows how many people have read it!" "Nothing the Capitol does surprises me," Peeta states. "I mean, I'd prefer they wrote some fantasy nonsense about what they think happened between us rather than forcing us to perform the act live on TV for them." I become nauseated at the thought. Honestly, I'm surprised Snow didn't make us do that to 'prove our love' for each other. However horrible he may have been, I'm grateful he wasn't perverted enough to take things to that extreme. " I'd prefer they be decent and not write filth about me," I scowl, dropping my hands into my lap. He still has a hint of a smile on his face, as if this is all some sort of amusing joke. Why isn't he as embarrassed and irritated as I am? They wrote the most intimate of lies about us and distributed it to the public - there's nothing at all funny about it. "Of course I'd prefer that, too," he nods, giving me his best attempt at a sympathetic look. His eyes have a mischievous glint to them, however, so his words do nothing to placate me. "You could write them a strongly worded letter?" "Don't mock me, Peeta." "I'm not. But this came out a while ago. So really, what's done is done." "Thanks. That makes me feel so much better," I deadpan. My eyes widen as he begins to flip through the pages. I fight the urge to jump across the table and grab the magazine out of his hands. "Peeta! What the hell?" I snap. "What?" He looks up at me with a sheepish smile."I'm a little curious. Aren't you?" I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a tiny bit curious, but I'd never admit it out loud. The fact that Peeta wants to read about us having sex together, well… I don't know how I feel about that. It stirs something in my gut that isn't exactly unpleasant, and it both terrifies and excites me. "No!" I shake my head. "Why would I be interested in reading a bunch of strangers' stories about me having sex?" "With me," he adds with a wink. I blink in surprise. The topic of sex, let alone with each other, is not something we've ever discussed before. However, I've thought about it more often than I'd like to admit. It makes me wonder if Peeta has had the same thoughts. He certainly doesn't seem upset or opposed to the idea. Then again, maybe he finds it all to be a great big joke and wants a hearty laugh out of it. "Exactly!" I look down at the table, avoiding his eyes. "It's just… awkward." "You think sex with me would be awkward?" he asks softly. My heart stops for a second as I'm put on the spot. How the hell do I reply to that? It's a trick question. Answering yes or no would indicate that I've thought about having sex with him. I cut my eyes at him. "I meant it'd be awkward to read Capitol interpretations of us…" Instead of finishing the sentence, I raise my eyebrows pointedly and purse my lips, gesturing towards the magazine in his hands. "Well, I think it'd probably be hilarious," he shrugs, smirking and looking far too at ease with the situation. In fact, I think he's getting a kick out of embarrassing me. "So you think sex with me would be hilarious?" I ask, throwing his words back at him and trying to make him feel as weird as I do. "No," he answers. "Like you said, Capitol interpretations." "Whatever," I mumble, crossing my arms. He must have taken my short reply as a cue to continue, because he begins to page through the magazine again. Before I can