Disclaimer: All characters used within this story, along with several plot elements, are from The Hunger Games series, which is owned by Suzanne Collins. I'm just borrowing them for a while, and am making no monetary gain. :) Blackberry Beginnings (Peeta's perspective in chapters 2 and 3 of Sever) It's been a boring summer, and I find myself baking in the kitchen just to pass the time until my shift starts. My oldest brother went off to college last week, so it helps to have some things already prepared when I go in anyway. Dad's been sticking around during our busiest evening hours lately, even though he works all day and only takes an hour break in between. I know it's wearing him out, but luckily he's supposed to be hiring someone new to help soon. It honestly has me a little worried, though. I've never worked with anyone that wasn't family, and it's difficult to know what to expect. I've just placed a tray of buns in the oven when I hear a loud knock from the living room. I'm taken aback because we live in the middle of nowhere and I didn't hear any cars pull up in the driveway. Still, when I make my way to the door, I fully expect one of Proja's obnoxious friends to barge in as soon as I open it and invite themselves to the baked goods lining the countertops and kitchen table. Instead, I'm pleasantly surprised when I see who it actually is. Katniss Everdeen. The girl I've had a crush on since before I can even remember. I've noticed many other girls over the years, but none make my heart beat as fast or cause me to become speechless by a mere glance like she can. It's like hearing your favorite song for the first time; it sends chills throughout your body. You look down and you have goose bumps because the song was so amazing and you can't concentrate on anything else. You're entranced, and even if it's just some ordinary song to everyone else, it's special to you, it resonates inside you, it's impossible to get it out of your head, and you can't understand why everyone else doesn't appreciate it as much. You just want to listen to it again and again and memorize each chord and syllable by heart. That's how I feel when I look at her. When she smiles it brightens the room, and when she laughs it's like music to my ears. We could be in a crowded gymnasium with every other person in school, and still my eyes will always drift in her direction as if they're magnetized. She's not beautiful in a conventional way, but in a way that is uniquely her . I always catch myself staring, observing these barely noticeable things about her, such as the small dimple on the right side of her face between her nose and mouth that's only visible when she purses her lips in concentration, or the light dusting of freckles that only reside on her left earlobe, and I wonder if anyone else has ever noticed them besides me. I'm almost positive she doesn't notice or even think twice about me, however, so I just settle with admiring her from afar. I've wanted so much to talk to her and tell her how I feel, but I know she'd only think I was making fun of her and it'd be an awkward experience for both of us. Since her father died when she was eleven, I've watched her go from an outgoing, confident girl with a lot of friends to the exact opposite. She usually sits silently in the back of the classroom, and appears to be a million miles away inside her head. She always looks worried and completely closed off, and from the bruises, broken bones, and hunger I've seen her endure over the years, it isn't difficult at all to fathom why. The truth is, I haven't seen her smile or laugh in years. I've barely even heard her talk. People at school haven't been very kind to her, either, and it kills me every time I witness her silently taking their ignorance and abuse. It's obvious she goes through enough without them making it worse. Then again, since losing my leg, I know firsthand how cruel peers can be when they're confronted with things they don't fully understand, or things that make them uncomfortable. It's much easier to reject something as a group than acknowledge it and try to help. As for me, I choose to remember the sweet and lively girl she once was, and who she still is beneath all the protective barriers. I remember a girl who would sing and make songbirds jealous, a girl who was lead in a third grade play and caused the whole auditorium to stand and cheer at her talent; someone so caring and encouraging, who gave me confidence when I had stage fright, and would sit next to me in first grade Art class, excitedly asking me to draw things for her, and watching with admiration when I did. She even kissed me once when we were seven. It was my first one, and it was because I gave her a butterfly cupcake. As overjoyed as I was, I asked her right then to marry me in return for a lifetime supply of daily cupcakes, and she'd said yes. I highly doubt she remembers any of that now, but I'll never forget it. I haven't seen her all summer, and now here she stands before me, as breathtaking and intimidating as ever with her hardened gray eyes gazing warily back at me. Sweat glistens and trickles down her face and neck, causing tendrils of dark hair to stick to her sun-kissed skin. The rest of her hair is plaited into a thick, messy braid that cascades down to her waistline. It's the same way she's worn it for years. As beautiful as she is, however, I can't help noticing how severely exhausted and malnourished she appears to be. The sleeves of her oversized and faded blue T-shirt are rolled up to the shoulders, revealing muscled yet emaciated arms that lead down to her nervously wringing hands. My eyes drift down further to the dirty cut-off jean shorts she's wearing, and finally on the bucket beside her. It appears to be full of blackberries, which I'm guessing she's come to sell to my father. My heart is beating hard against my chest and my mouth has gone completely dry at the sight of her. Somehow I finally find my voice enough to manage a weak, "Yeah?" "Is your dad home?" she asks quickly, averting her eyes as she begins to chew on her lip and tug nervously on the end of her braid. "No. He's still in town, but he'll be back in a little while," I answer with a shrug. I notice the disappointment wash over her face as the line between her eyebrows becomes more prominent and her frown sinks a bit lower. I find myself offering with no real intention, "I can get my mom if you want —" "No!" she demands before I can even finish, alarm in her eyes as she brings them to mine again. I immediately feel my gut tighten and I have to remind myself to breathe. She shakes her head, focusing on the ground once again as she explains in a rush, "I mean… can I wait for your dad? I don't think your mom likes me very much." "My mom doesn't like anyone very much. Not even me ," I attempt to joke, but I'm aware it really isn't funny. My mother has never really been very pleasant to people who don't prove to benefit her social status in some way. I notice that Katniss' demeanor has become more rigid at the mention of her, so I smile slightly and try to make her feel more at ease, "Don't feel bad about it. Anyway, she's upstairs right now. You can come in and wait for Dad if you want. I'm just doing a little baking." I step aside and hold the door open for her to walk through. "Thank you," she replies quietly as she lifts the bucket of blackberries and enters the house. Once inside, she stops for a moment, closing her eyes and visibly relaxing as the cool air envelops her body. I'm guessing she walked all the way here from her place, and that's at least four miles in ninety degree weather. I'm surprised she didn't pass out before she reached our front porch. It haunts my mind to wonder what circumstances in her life would drive her to such desperate lengths. Katniss abruptly opens her eyes again and, not wanting to make her uncomfortable by catching me staring, I decide to walk around her and into the kitchen. I feel a bit self-conscious at my limp being so obvious today; every so often, arthritis flares up and it makes it hard to walk normally. She follows closely behind me, and if she notices the hitch in my step, she doesn't stare or say anything about it—not that I expect she would. I turn to her once again when we're inside the kitchen, and see that she has her eyes closed and looks to be a bit off balance as she wavers slightly in place. She takes a deep breath and opens her eyes again, narrowing them as she looks around the room. I know she's hungry, I can tell by the way she's trying to avoid looking at all the baked food on the table and countertops. However, my first focus is on getting her something to drink. Just from the sweat pouring off of her and soaking her shirt, I know she's majorly dehydrated from the long walk in the heat, and the last thing I want to happen is for her to pass out or collapse. I work up my courage to speak again and ask quickly, "You thirsty?" She looks at me and gives a slow shrug of her shoulders, eyeing me suspiciously as if there's a hidden meaning behind my simple question. I grab a glass from the cabinet, open the fridge, and pour her some iced tea. I then fill the space between us as I walk over and stand right in front of her, raising my eyebrows and holding the glass out for her to take. She looks at it almost longingly and then at me, searching my face, and then back down at the glass again. The close proximity to her causes my hands to tremble a little. I offer quickly, "If you don't like sweet tea, we have ice water , too." She shakes her head and finally takes the glass out of my hand without any hesitation. I see one side of her lips curve up, and it makes my heart beat a little faster. It's so small that it's barely noticeable, but it's the closest to a smile I've seen out of her in a while. "This is fine. Thanks," she mumbles. "You're welcome," I reply, then take the cue to turn my back so she doesn't feel self-conscious about drinking in front of me. I know that along with the walls she's built up to keep herself from getting hurt, she also has a lot of false pride to cover up her insecurities, so I walk over to the oven and pretend to look in on what I'm baking. When I turn back to her a moment later, I see that she's chugging the contents of the glass in one continuous gulp. When she's done, she sighs contentedly and seems thoroughly satisfied until she opens her eyes and looks straight at me. Her face immediately reddens as she casts her gaze to the side. I'm amused and delighted at how completely adorable she is when she's