Disclaimer: All characters used within this story, along with several plot elements, are from The Hunger Games series, which is owned by Suzanne Collins. I'm just borrowing them for a while, and am making no monetary gain. :) Here is the Place Where I Love You Growing up being the daughter of the 'Star-Crossed Lovers of District 12' has been nothing short of a whirlwind of constant discovery. When I was younger, my parents had understandably kept me and my little brother as sheltered as possible for as long as they could, but as I reflect back upon the early years of my life, I can't help wondering how I failed to realize my parents were different than others'. Then again, when you're a child, your parents are simply your parents, and that's all you know or care about. They're merely the people who feed and clothe you, sing you to sleep and hold you through nightmares, play with you and kiss your 'boo-boos' when you fall down. You never really stop to think of who they were before you came along; when you're little, in your mind, they only exist for you. My parents—specifically my mother—liked to keep our presence low-key so as not to draw the attention of cameras or publicity. She had burn scars on her arms, hands, neck, and the back of her head, and she was self-conscious about people staring at her. As someone who was once a symbol of an uprising and known for her fierce beauty in her youth, it was inevitable for her presence to draw some attention. Though she had done a handful of interviews in the first few years after the war, society eventually went on with their lives and the Capitol, ever obsessed with superficial beauty and eager for people to forget their part in encouraging the Hunger Games, was not keen on keeping a burnt girl in the media for longer than necessary. My mother and father didn't mind fading to the background at all, though. They were grateful to retreat to their hermit lifestyle in the Victor's Village, finding solace in each other as they helped heal each other's emotional wounds. Though I didn't think anything of it at the time, I suppose the first time I ever noticed anything peculiar was on my third birthday. I'd never been to town before that summer day and, despite my mother's protests, my father enthusiastically insisted that we should go so I could pick out a toy. He reasoned that it had been so long that people probably wouldn't even recognize them. My mother was extremely hesitant at first, but eventually relented. My father couldn't have been more wrong. People were quick to greet us and hold doors open. Others would stare and point, whispering behind cupped hands, their eyes wide as if seeing a ghost. None of it was ever meant in a derogatory or disrespectful fashion, though—quite the opposite, in fact. My parents were very much revered and admired, even after so many years out of the spotlight, and for many, the chance sighting of them was nothing short of exhilarating—especially upon seeing that the celebrity lovers who changed history had finally had a child together; that was something even my father hadn't expected to happen. Although he had always hoped to start a family, he understood and accepted my mother's fears of having children. It was never that she didn't want to have them, either. It was that she knew she would be fiercely protective, loving them more than life itself, and if anything ever happened to them, she'd never recover. She was worried about their—or I should say our —future well-being as much as hers and my father's. They had already gone through so much, and lost so many loved ones, that my mother couldn't take the chance of ever losing her own child. She was already haunted every night by the images of dead children she barely even knew. For many years, she'd lived with crippling dread that the Hunger Games would be reinstated, or that the rebellion would reignite and she'd be forced into being involved again. It took her a while to trust the security she found after the war, being paranoid every second that the peace would somehow be interrupted. My father had many fears of his own in the beginning too. The biggest one being whether or not he could even trust the woman he was madly in love with. But despite their initial reservations of getting close again, they knew they only had each other and that no one else—save for Haymitch—could ever understand what they'd gone through. For my father, there were many questions only my mother could answer, and in helping him gradually regain his memory and calling him back to reality as he battled his hijacking episodes, she found purpose in her life once again. She knew she could never leave him in the state he was in, nor would she want to, and as my mother had simply put it, they steadily and eventually 'grew back together.' It wasn't long before he'd started sleeping in her bed every night, holding her in his arms and warding off the nightmares that plagued both of their minds. And it wasn't very long after that when they both figured out there were other things they could do in bed together that would have a greater effect on having a peaceful night of sleep. It would also help them heal in ways words could never touch. It was the ultimate sign of trust to be so vulnerable and intimate with each other, and it was a huge step for both of them. And whether it was caused by an emotional reaction or a mere release of chemicals in his brain, my father's thoughts and memories became clearer and more vivid every time they made love, so they did it as often as they could. Seeing as to how neither of them had jobs or any need for one, some days they never even bothered to leave their bed or put clothes on. After five years of spending every day together—talking, painting, working on their memory book, hunting, baking, lazing in the meadow, and making love—they officially married, knowing they could never live a happy life without the other. They didn't have a wedding, though. They simply registered as husband and wife quietly at the Justice Building. They didn't need or want the world to know. It wasn't for the cameras, it wasn't an act, and it wasn't anybody's business. It was for them, only them, and that's all that mattered. Mind you, I was told this story of how they grew back together in my late teens/early twenties, on many different occasions by both of my parents, and even if at the time I was a little disgusted at imagining my parents in this way, it also warmed my heart to know they loved each other so dearly. As I got older, the mortification of hearing about their growing intimacy faded away until I was left with only admiration and hope. I looked at my parents, and I saw everything I could ever dream of finding. I wanted nothing less than a love like theirs. Fifteen years after the war, and ten years into their marriage, an old friend of my mother paid an unexpected visit. As I was told, it wasn't exactly a happy reunion—especially for my father—but it brought a lot of closure, and it resulted in changing their lives forever. From what I remember, it was a man named Gale. He used to hunt with my mother. For years, they'd helped keep each other's families alive and shared a friendship built on necessity and survival. My mother admitted that she'd once entertained the idea of marrying him. For a while, even my father had resigned himself to that future. When my parents were in the second arena, he'd even tried to convince her that that was what she had to survive and live for—marrying Gale, the guy who he had always felt second-best to, and someday having his children. As much as the idea of it pained him, my father just wanted her to be happy. Gale wasn't alone when he came to see my parents, however. He had a beautiful wife with him and five children in tow. This surprised my mother, and woke up feelings of resentment in my father. It wasn't resentment towards my mother at all, though, but toward himself. He knew that along with the spoken fears my mother had about having children, a huge contributing factor to her resolve was based upon his condition. Though he was mostly back to the way he was before the hijacking, he still had relapses every now and again, and he felt that she didn't think he'd ever be a suitable parent. It was true, too. My mother wasn't sure either of them would be suitable for bringing children into the world. But as she watched Gale's children playing enthusiastically with my father, and the way his whole demeanor brightened at the interaction, she felt hopeful. Something changed within her in an instant, and it both scared and thrilled her. She wanted to have my father's baby. She wanted to see him being that happy with their own children, and she knew that since she was in her thirties, the window of opportunity was quickly closing for that ever to be a reality. After Gale left, my parents were both in a state of despondency. It was like a slap in the face to see other people with big families and normal lives, and with all the noise from children suddenly gone it was eerily silent in the house. Though they had each other, they realized just how empty their lives had become. Sure, they kept busy with hobbies and each other, but they needed more, and my mother knew exactly what that more was. So, with a million fears running through her head, she made the decision to flush her birth control one night. She had no idea if she could even have children with all the things her body had gone through in her youth, so she decided not to tell my father. She didn't want to get his hopes up. Even after so many years together, they were still very intimate with each other, and it only took two months for my mother to conceive me. When she realized she was pregnant, she locked herself in the bathroom for hours and cried out of intense fear and joy. She felt panic from the reality that she was going to be a mother and that, in a matter of months, she would be bringing a person into the world. She was paranoid and protective and already felt so much love it was overwhelming. Out of fear that she might miscarry, however, she didn't tell my father until she was half-way through the pregnancy. When my parents tell the story now, they laugh and razz each other about it, but at the time, my father was scared to death that my mother was dying. She had morning sickness constantly, her body would swell up, she had an insatiable appetite yet she could never keep anything down, she'd lie in bed all day, lethargic and grumpy, and wouldn't let my father touch her at all. She hadn't even hunted in months, and this was how my father knew something was extremely wrong with her. She insisted she was fine, but he wasn't buying it, so without her knowledge, he called for a doctor from the Capitol to come see her. My mother was furious. She yelled for the doctor to get out of the room, and when my father tried to explain, she'd blurted in a heated rush, "I'm not sick , you idiot! I'm pregnant !" He stared at her for a moment,