AN: For papofglencoe , who is a wonderful beta and gave me the idea of writing a Mall Santa!Peeta fic. This was a lot of fun to write, so thank you! I also want to thank deinde-prandium for beta-ing too. You ladies are wonderful, and I appreciate all your help! Merry Christmas everyone! \ Together Again I exit my car and hastily make a beeline to the side entrance of the store, avoiding the horde of holiday shoppers crowding the rest of the mall. I don't want to take any chances of children or their parents stopping me, eager to get a picture with 'Mrs. Claus'. There will be plenty of that later, which I'll be getting paid for. And to be honest, that's the only reason why I'm doing this at all. I love Christmas, don't get me wrong. There's something about this season that's nostalgic and magical. It brings back memories of singing carols with my family, picking out the perfect tree, and staying up late in hopes of sneaking a peek at Santa. It reminds of being a child, carefree and content, with the only stress being the uncertainty of what amazing gifts lie wrapped beneath the tree. Hell, I even adore the same old songs that play repetitively each year. In a world that's ever changing, one constant familiarity is hearing "Jingle Bells," "Frosty the Snowman," and "Deck the Halls." As you get older, though, you have a tendency to become jaded. Parents die, family traditions fade, your bank account screams in agony, and you realize that as many gifts as you're giving, you're still going to be alone on Christmas. You sit at home, eating your sad TV dinner, watching Christmas movies you've seen a million times, hoping for a single phone call, feeling about as pitiful as your Charlie Brown Christmas tree. At least, that's what happened last year after Prim went off to college. She didn't have enough money to come home, and I couldn't afford to help her. It was either pay for a roundtrip plane ticket - she had to pick a college out of state - or pay the electricity bill for which I was two months behind. Since Christmas would've been dreadful if we had to share it freezing in the dark, we had no choice but to spend our first Christmas apart. And she's the only family I really have now, given that our parents are gone. Needless to say, last year really sucked and I'm not going to let it happen again. As soon as I walk in, Effie Trinket - the store manager and my boss - comes rushing forward to greet me. To say she's a bit eccentric would be an understatement. Today I think she's trying to resemble a snowflake. Her white hair, which has to be a wig, is done up in multiple twists with streaks of silver glitter, and her dress, stockings, heels, and jewelry are white and glittery as well. Even her skin and makeup sparkle. If I didn't know any better, I'd assume she was part of the show. She gives me a hug before I can even mutter a hello. I pat her on the back, slightly uncomfortable at the display of affection, but not wanting to be impolite. When she finally pulls back, she rests her hands on my shoulders and looks me over, beaming with approval. "Oh, Katniss! You look absolutely magnificent ! Just positively perfect!" "Thank you," I say, giving a small smile. Her enthusiasm almost makes me forget that I'm burning up in this costume, and that my insides feel like squirming worms attempting to mate. "You're very welcome!" she replies, placing her hands over her heart. "Well! First things first! I'm sure you want to get acquainted with your fellow castmates! Right this way." I follow her silently as she leads me through rows of overpriced clothing, listening to her ramble on about how excited she is for me to meet my 'husband.' "He's so charismatic! You'll absolutely love him. He's quite a looker, too-" I'm glad she's looking ahead and doesn't see my hand fly to my mouth, stifling the bemused laughter trying to escape. In no way, shape or form, have I ever considered Santa to be attractive; I very much doubt it'll happen now. Effie Trinket is a lovely person, but she's also very... different . Hard telling what sort of strange kinks she has. Finally, we reach a door in the back that reads 'Employee Lounge,' and proceed to enter. My eyes immediately drift to Santa, who currently has his back to us. He says something to the two elves standing in front of him, who both giggle in reply. I frown as I look the girls over. A blonde and a redhead, they look to be in their late teens or early twenties. The tight green matching dresses they're wearing accentuate their curves and fall about six inches above their knees, which luckily have red leggings beneath. I didn't know that sexy elves were a thing, but apparently I was wrong. "Peeta, dear, come over here please," Effie calls out. Dread washes over me. There's no way in hell it's him . Maybe I heard her wrong. She does have a bit of an accent; perhaps she said Peter. When he turns around, however, all hope is lost. Though he's nearly unrecognizable in full Santa costume, I'd know those eyes anywhere... Sweet baby Jesus. Kill me now. I instantly feel like forfeiting the job and running away as fast as possible. But I signed a binding contract to finish this gig, so unfortunately I'll be stuck in this awkward hell for the next two weeks. Our eyes meet as he makes his way over, and I can immediately tell by his bewildered expression that he recognizes me. I'm frozen in place, though every inch of my body is on fire - and it has nothing to do with the heat of my clothing. I brace myself for a horrible confrontation, for him to say he can't work with me, that I'm a horrible person, and that he doesn't want to be within a hundred miles of me, let alone pretend to be my husband. However, as he reaches us, his face lights up with a benevolent, welcoming grin. He looks entirely too happy about this, and I have no idea why. Then again, he's probably coming up with a million ways to make things as difficult as possible for me. "Katniss? Wow, it's been ages! How's life been treating you?" he asks, standing only a foot in front of me. His scent fills the air with an intoxicating combination of cinnamon, peppermint, and evergreen. He smells like the embodiment of Christmas. "Okay, I guess," I answer, avoiding his eyes. Honestly, what an absurd question. 'How's life treating me?' Well, I'm dressed up as Mrs. Claus, so that pretty much sums it up. In any case, Peeta's in no position to judge. "You two know each other already! Splendid!" Effie states jubilantly, evidently oblivious to how uncomfortable I am. Peeta nods and shrugs a shoulder. "Yeah, we knew each other in school. Pretty well, actually," he replies, not taking his gaze off of me. I narrow my eyes incredulously. What exactly did he mean by that? We knew each other - very well, in certain ways - but we were never really friends. "Wonderful! I can feel the magic between you already!" Effie replies, placing a hand over her heart and looking at us as if we're about to get married or something. "Well! It's almost show time! I'm going to see if everything's in order and let you two catch up for a few minutes." It's like I've been left to the wolves as she leaves the room. I stare at the floor and fiddle with the fur on the hem of my dress. I have no idea what to say. I also feel as if I might throw up if I open my mouth. "You look good, Katniss. Then again, you always have," Peeta compliments, taking me by surprise. I look up at him in question, waiting for some sort of insult to go with it, but all he does is smile. He seems genuine, even though I know I look ridiculous in this getup. I take a deep breath, attempting to steady my nerves. "You look..." I shrug and gesture towards him, struggling to find something nice to say in return. It's hard, though. He looks like Santa Claus - white beard, glasses, plump belly, and all. "Jolly," I finish lamely. He chuckles at this, sprawling his hands over his stomach. "In case you're wondering, it's a fat suit. I haven't gained this much weight since college," he tells me, then brings a hand to his beard. "This is fake too. I have it glued on, though, so no kids can pull the old 'expose Santa' trick. You can give it a pull or a stroke if you want. I don't mind." I arch an eyebrow. "I'll pass, thanks." I have to admit that I kind of want to, though. It looks incredibly real. I'm also a little curious to see if it'd come off if I yanked hard enough. "So... it's a real piece of luck seeing you here again, of all places," he says. "Have you done this before?" I shake my head. "No. This is my first time. You?" "Same. Normally, I'm a high school art teacher, but we're out for Christmas break right now. I figured instead of sitting at home doing nothing, I'd try this out. It pays well, so that's a plus. You know I had to take a Santa class just to do this?" "Really? I had no idea it was that serious." He gives a fervent nod. "Yep, and I'll have you know I got an A on my 'ho, ho, hos'," he states with a chuckle. I can't help but smile, despite the fact that my stomach is a knotted mess. I'm just relieved he's being civil. "So what's your day job?" "I teach people how to sing and play piano," I answer. "Right now I work at home, but I hope to open an actual business for it eventually." "That's great, Katniss! I have no doubt you will. And I'm really glad to hear you're still singing," Peeta replies. He then leans in and lowers his voice so the elves on the other side of the room can't hear, "I've told you before and I'll say it again, you have a voice that makes men weak. One verse from your lips and I'm a goner." I clear my throat, my face burning as I step back a few inches. "Well, um, I'll be singing a few Christmas songs out there so don't get too excited. You'll have kids on your lap." "Don't worry," he chuckles, "Santa knows how to keep his pole from going north. He'll just have to think of the Grinch or dead elves or something." I'm not sure what to make of the direction our conversation has gone. Peeta's flirting isn't very subtle at all, and after what happened between us before, I have no idea what to make of it. Sure, we've grown up quite a bit since then and moved on with our lives, but the last time we saw each other, it wasn't on good terms. It's as if he's completely forgotten what happened. I'm not complaining; it's just confusing. In all honesty, I'd take back everything if I could. Well, not everything . Just the bad things. "So how's Edith?" I find myself asking before I can think to stop myself. I really don't want to know; I don't care. I just felt the subject needed to be changed, so I said the first thing that came to mind. Plus, I'm totally not okay with Peeta flirting with me if