Disclaimer: All characters used within this story, along with several plot elements, are from The Hunger Games series, which is owned by Suzanne Collins. I'm just borrowing them for a while, and am making no monetary gain. :) Okay, so as some of you noticed, I deleted this story from the site a while back. I was experiencing some horrible writer's block, and felt bad that it was taking me months to write new chapters. However, I haven't been able to stop thinking about this story… so I'm posting it again and continuing where I left off. I've made some changes. Not extravagant changes, but changes all the same. As always, thanks for reading! Chapter One Valentine's Grinch I narrow my eyes at the multiple huge, frilly pink and red hearts that hang from the bakery ceiling. In all the years that I've been coming here, I've never seen the place quite this overdone for a holiday. "Well, it looks like it's that time of year again. Time for lovey-dovey coupling crap while the rest of us resist the urge to vomit all over the cutesy decorations." I stick my tongue out and pretend to gag. "Why do you hate Valentine's Day so much?" Gale asks in amusement as he bites into a Cupid-shaped cookie covered in red sprinkles. "You never really pay any mind to other holiday decorations." "Because Cupid taints the image of a bow and arrow," I reply matter-of-factly. "When I shoot something in the heart, it isn't cute, sweet, and fluffy. It's messy, bloody, and gory —" "Katniss—" "I'm just saying. It's unrealistic." "It's not meantto be realistic," Gale explains as if I'm a clueless child. "It's symbolic. Like the Easter Bunny hiding eggs or Santa Claus riding around the world in one night, guided by reindeers." I know that, of course, but it still annoys me. I continue to rant, feeling even more fueled by his rationalization. "Well, at least those holidays are inclusive. Valentine's Day is only a holiday for little kids to celebrate without knowing the real meaning of it—don't even get me started on that—and for people who are with someone. To the rest of the world, it's merely Singles Awareness Day." "Sad." I shrug. "That is the initials." "You do this every year, Kat." Gale smiles as if he feels sorry for me and shakes his head. "So?" I viciously chomp the head off of a Cupid cookie and narrow my eyes at him. "You used to feel the same exact way, if you remember. Until you got a girlfriend and became one of… them ." He arches an eyebrow. " Them ?" I nod. "Yes. Them . A sucker for soulless corporate sales. You're now just another Valentine's victim. You've changed." He shrugs and lets out a small laugh. "Well, sometimes you have to be a sucker to get sucked—" I abruptly hold up hand for him to stop talking, my eyes widening. I shake my head and give a dramatic shiver. "Please spare me the gritty details. I adore you both, but not enough to live with that mental image." He laughs again, winks, and continues to chew his cookie rather loudly. "What's the deal with all the pink and red hearts everywhere, anyway?" I rant on, taking a pink paper heart that reads "Be Mine" from the napkin holder and cheerfully tearing it in half; it makes me feel slightly better. "If anything, there should be penises hanging from the ceiling. That's what this holiday is all about anyway… girls getting fluffy stuffed crap and guys getting laid." "Hey, it's also about chocolates, candy hearts, and cards." "And condom sales." "And roses. Don't forget roses." "Which die and turn black." "Like your soul, Katniss. Like your soul." "Whatever. You know I'm right. There's all this pretense of sweetness and romanticism, but we all know what it's really about: materialism and sex." He nods in agreement and I finally feel a bit justified. "Well, yeah. That's the payoff. We buy each other something cutesy and romantic, preferably with a heart on it somewhere, and then we fuck," he replies matter-of-factly. I raise an eyebrow at him and cringe. "Or I don't and the only pink thing I'll be seeing for a while is the palm of my hand. I'm not taking that risk." "That's beautiful, Gale. So very romantic." I snort and clear my throat dramatically. With a dramatic flair, I mimic his voice and recite, "Roses are red, violets are blue. Here's some heart-shaped candy, Madge. Now show me your vag and let's screw." "That's actually pretty good," he says, appearing both impressed and amused. "Mind if I use that?" He seems totally serious, too. Only Gale would think that would be an appropriate thing to tell his girlfriend on Valentine's Day. Knowing Madge, though, she'll probably love every word of it. They're both at that stage in their relationship where neither of them can do or say anything wrong. They look at each other with stars in their eyes, and they're constantly going at it like bunny rabbits. "Have at it," I answer with a flip of my wrist. "Anyway, everything about the day is expected. There's no mystery, and there's nothing random or sweet about it. It really isn't romantic at all. The only thing Cupid is shooting an arrow at is your wallet and your dignity." I sigh loudly and continue to rip the paper heart into little shreds. "Lighten up and look at the bright side: while all of us couples are sleeping in the next morning, you singles can hit up all the half-off sales on candy. Win/win." "Yay. Three cheers for wasting my money on diabetes and obesity," I deadpan. "You're such a Valentine's Grinch, Katniss." "Bah, Humbug." "That's A Christmas Carol ." "Same sentiment." "I wish Cupid would shoot you in the heart," Gale says, smirking, "In Grinchy tradition, it might just grow three times bigger—" "That seems really painful. You also make it sound like my heart is a penis, and Cupid soaks his arrows in Viagra." "Well, if you ask me, your micro-penis heart is in desperate need of a good dose of Valentine's Viagra." "If my heart was a penis, it'd be very well-endowed, thank you very much," I retort. "And just because I think Valentine's Day is meaningless corporate nonsense— which it totally is—doesn't mean that I don't believe in love and romance. I just think it's dead, or walking around like a brain-dead zombie somewhere, or hiding out like Santa and the Easter Bunny; but instead of gifts and eggs, you get screaming, pooping babies and STDs. I mean, I don't think it's a coincidence that the initials for Valentine's Day is VD—" "Your heart may not be a penis, Katniss, but it needs a penis," Gale teases, arching an eyebrow at me. "And badly, I might add." I purse my lips and narrow my eyes at him. My heart doesn't need anything, especially not a fleshy male appendage. There isn't anything a man can do that I can't do for myself, and better , anyway. "I resent that," I flippantly reply, "for all you know, my heart is a lesbian." "That would answer a lot of questions, actually." He casually bites into a cookie, looking contemplative and serious, then shrugs as if I'd just made a confession instead of a joke. "Ha ha ha !" I sarcastically snap and toss a broken cookie at him. "Shut up!"' His smile abruptly turns into a frown and his eyes turn serious. "Seriously, though. You should try going on a date or two. Maybe you'll find a guy who'll actually —" "Put up with me?" Gale shakes his head and continues in a surprisingly concerned and caring tone, "I was going to say 'make you happy,' but yeah, that too I guess." I know he means well, but his kind words only agitate me further. I've tried the dating thing. It never works out for me. They're either complete idiots or total jerks; or they're genuinely nice but never call me back, and I'm stuck wondering what exactly I'd done wrong. Besides, for the most part, guys tend to think going on a date means that they have an open invitation for sex, and I'm more of an RSVP type of girl. I might talk openly about certain things, but I've never actually done them. I'd love nothing more than to find true romance, but I'm well aware that it doesn't exist anymore. So I hate it, and holidays like Valentine's Day, which remind me of that fact in all its gaudy and hokey glory. "I doubt it." I shrug in resignation. "Some people are just meant to be alone and die with fifty cats." "You hate cats." "I do, but misery loves company. Besides, I'll need someone to dispose of my body when I die. And cats like to eat their owner's body after they—" Before I can finish my sentence, Gale has his hand over my mouth. He looks at me in disgust and shakes his head. I smirk when he lets his palm down again, feeling triumphant to have gotten a rise out of him. "Well," he places a half-eaten cookie down on a tray, as if my cat statement made him lose his appetite, and stands up from the booth, "I think I'm done eating. Besides, it's about time to go." "Oh, don't be such a wuss, Gale." I laugh and grab the two remaining Cupid cookies from the tray before he takes it to the trash can. "Love has made you weak. Madge has you totally whipped, and I mean that in the friendliest way possible. " "Whipped, spanked, whatever you want to call it, I hope you experience the same kind of weakness someday." "Well, there isn't exactly a line of guys interested," I point out, feeling slightly defensive. "In fact, there isn't even one . And I'm sure as hell not going to go chasing, either. I'm fine alone. I'm happy this way." I defiantly jut my chin, cross my arms, and bite the head off of another Cupid cookie. "With the amount of hatred you have for a holiday about love, you don't seem all too happy, Kat," Gale states. "There are plenty of guys who'd date you, you know. You're not ugly. It's just this sort of attitude of yours that veers them away from taking a chance. They're afraid you'll bite their head off, just like that Cupid cookie." "Well, this attitude of mine is called my personality , so if they don't like it, they can veer their way to hell for all I care." Gale gives an exasperated sigh that indicates he's starting to get annoyed with me. Good . He's starting to annoy me, too. "All I'm saying is that it wouldn't hurt for you to be slightly more approachable—" "I am approachable! It's not my fault if they don't have the balls to do or say anything," I counter, feeling agitated. "They're all the same, anyway. They just want someone easy, and even easier to toss aside when they're done having fun. I don't like playing games." "Yeah, but that's the thing. You might lose, but you also might win. Regardless, you have to play the game in order to win the prize." "So you have one serious girlfriend, and now you're a love expert?" I scoff, rolling my eyes. "Sometimes all it takes is one." He shrugs, and the frown is suddenly replaced with a small smile as he thinks of Madge. "Sometimes you just get lucky and the odds are in your favor. Actually, luck has nothing to do with it. If it wasn't for you, we would have never even talked to each other. So maybe the fates will pay you back for that. Give it a chance." "I'm pretty sure that the odds are not in my favor. Anyway, I'm