AN: Big thank you to papofglencoe for her encouragement and amazing beta skills. This fic is for thegirlfromoverthepond (merciki) whose birthday is in a few days. Thank you so much for your friendship and all your lovely stories! This is a second part to my mall Santa!Peeta fic 'Together Again'. Also, you can find me on tumblr: dandelion-sunset I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus Flora Mellark's favorite holiday had always been Christmas. The world just seems to be a brighter, shinier, happier, more exciting place. She loves the multi-colored lights, the big, pretty tree, the presents, the music, the anticipation, seeing her aunts, uncles, and cousins, and the fact that her parents allow her to eat far more sweets than usual. Ever since she became aware of the holiday - or more specifically, Santa Claus - every single day of the year has been spent making sure she'd find her place at the top of the 'Nice' list. Just yesterday, she even let her little brother have her favorite doll, since he cried when she tried to take it back. Tomorrow will be totally different, though. She doesn't want Santa to visit anymore, not after what she'd witnessed earlier between him and her mom. They kissed! Worse than that, Santa said that when he came back he'd let her mom ride his sleigh and let her see the North Pole. He also called her 'Mrs. Claus' for some reason, and the only logical explanation that Flora could come up with was that her mom was going to leave her dad to marry Santa. And what would happen to her and her little brother if that happened? She loved snow, but she didn't want to live around it all the time. It'd be too cold and her socks would always get soggy. Plus, she'd really miss her dad and all her friends at school. Sure, she might make friends with the elves, but they'd be working all the time. She couldn't let it happen. She wouldn't . The only way she could figure out how to stop it is to be bad enough to be put on the 'Naughty' list. She'll have to get her baby brother on the list, too, though she suspects he is already on it, given that he poops and pees in his pants, throws fits, and cries all the time. In any case, Santa is not going to take her mom away. Her cheeks wet with tears and her mind dancing with the death of sugarplum faeries, her eyes finally close and sleep takes over. The creaking of the bedroom door and a whisper of "She's asleep" brings Flora grudgingly out of her slumber. One of her eyes opens slightly, just enough to see a flash of red go by. It couldn't be… Jumping out of bed, she races across the room and glances down the hallway just in time to see Santa shutting her parents' bedroom door. She stands there for a couple minutes, contemplating what she should do next. She wants him to go away, of course, but he also has magic. If he's bad enough to take her mom away, then he might also use his magic to do bad things like make her disappear or turn her into a toy she didn't like or maybe even a reindeer - and if there's one thing she's learned from Rudolph, it's that reindeer can be pretty mean. Where is her dad anyway? He's usually home at night. In fact, he nearly always comes in to read her a story and tuck her into bed. He didn't do that tonight at all. In fact, he hasn't done it all week. When she asked her mom where he was, all she said was that he was working late. She'd accepted that answer without question at the time, but now that she thinks about it… it doesn't make sense. Her dad is an art teacher, and she knows for a fact that everyone is out of school right now for Christmas. Then again, she's only in kindergarten - maybe it's different for the higher grades. She finally decides to knock on her parents' door to tell Santa to go away and never come back. If he turns her into something dumb, so be it. At least her mom and dad will still be together - and they'll still love her regardless, no matter what she got turned into. The only problem is, as much as she wants to move forward, her body trembles and her feet stay planted where she stands. Squeezing her eyes shut and taking a deep breath, she manages to take a couple baby-steps forward. She takes three jumps back and runs into her room, however, when she hears her mom yell and then something hitting the wall really loudly, over and over again. Eyes wide with fright and tears rolling down her cheeks, Flora sits down on the floor with her arms around her legs and her chin on her knees. Santa is in there hurting her mom - really, really badly from the sound of it. Standing up, she glances at her door, hesitating, as the noises get louder. She wants to stop him, but he'll only just hurt her too. Besides, what could she do? Her mom's a lot bigger than she is, and if she can't fight him, Flora sure couldn't. Helpless and terrified, she tiptoes to her bed before climbing in and hiding under the covers, hoping her dad will come home soon. When Flora opens her eyes again, she has to shield them from the brilliant sunshine streaming in through her window. As she sits up, adjusting her vision to the brightness of the room, she glances over at the window again to see that a fresh blanket of snow had fallen overnight. At first, a thrill of excitement rushes through her at the thought of playing in it, but then the events of last night come surging back. There will be no playing today. Listening closely now, she hears voices and the sound of dishes clanking in the kitchen. Both of her parents are talking - happily, it seems, with an occasional chuckle here and there. She can also hear her little brother making his baby babbles, since he can't talk yet. Confused and curious, she quickly tosses her covers to the side and sprints from her bedroom to the kitchen. She stops in the doorway, perplexed, taking in the scene in front of her. Her dad is sitting at the table by her brother, feeding him cereal, as her mom stands in front of the stove flipping pancakes. It seems like any other morning. It's like nothing had happened. Did she only dream about last night? After all, it wasn't like her mom to kiss anyone on the mouth that wasn't her dad. But… she could remember it all so vividly. Usually her dreams slip away no sooner than she tries to recall them, but the events of last night replay in her mind with perfect clarity. No, it wasn't a dream , she concludes. No matter how much she wishes it wasn't true. Santa must have used magic on her mom to make her forget what happened. He'll be back though - that is, unless Flora makes sure he doesn't. Resisting the urge to run to her mom, hug her around the waist, and cry from relief that she hadn't left, Flora frowns and furrows her brow, putting her best 'bad girl' face on, as she scoots out a chair, plops down in it, and folds her arms across her chest. Her dad is the first to notice her demeanor, frowning dramatically before pulling a silly face to get a smile out of her. Flora bites the insides of her cheeks to keep from doing so, however, and fixes her eyes on the table as her mom places a couple pancakes drenched in syrup in front of her. Despite her growling stomach, she pushes them away and sticks her tongue out with a grimace. "You feeling okay?" her mom asks, placing the back of her hand against her forehead. "It's the day before Christmas Eve, it snowed... I can understand you only eating half of dinner last night, since you hate meatloaf, but I know pancakes are your favorite." She doesn't care for meatloaf at all, true, but the real reason she didn't eat most of her dinner last night was because it was after what she'd seen between Santa and her mom. She was supposed to be napping when she'd witnessed the interaction. But she can't tell her mom why she is behaving the way she is. Not in front of her dad, at least. Besides, what if Santa is watching? She is sure he probably is. He watches everything, all the time. What good would being naughty do if he knows she is faking it only to keep him away? Flora shrugs, replying with, "I hate snow. I hate Christmas. I hate pancakes!" Her parents exchange looks of concern and confusion at this declaration. "Just yesterday morning you were dancing through the house singing Christmas carols. Why the sudden change of heart, Mr. Scrooge?" her dad asks with a bemused smile. Flora presses her lips tighter together and shrugs again. "Well, you know, if you don't eat your breakfast you won't be able to eat any of the cookies we make later for Santa-" "I don't want to make cookies for Santa! I don't want him to come here ever again! I hate him!" Flora shouts, tears sprouting up in her eyes. Before her parents can ask her why, she runs out of the kitchen and into her bedroom, slamming the door behind her. Her parents aren't far behind, but Flora locks the door before they can enter. They jiggle the doorknob and knock, asking her to open the door, but Flora has no intention of doing so. She quickly runs over to her plastic toy chest, throws everything out of it, then pushes it over in front of the door. "Go away!" she demands through sobs. "I'm… I'm s-staying in here u-until Christmas is over!" Though her heart is beating so fast she can feel it in every inch of her body, and her stomach somersaults the same way it did the time she broke her mom's bow by trying to nock an arrow in it (despite being told never to touch it), it makes her feel more assured in what she is doing. This will definitely put her on the 'Naughty' list. She'll certainly be in trouble, and of course she didn't enjoy being purposefully defiant to her parents, but desperate times call for desperate measures. It had to be done. Other than the toys sprawled out on her floor and her messy bed, the rest of her room is still tidy. Naughty girls don't have clean rooms , she thinks. And so she goes to the shelf and pulls out every single book, tearing pages out of a few, before going to the dresser and throwing all her clothes onto the floor. Next she grabs her crayons and takes a purple one out, reminding herself that whatever punishment she gets, it'll be a small price to pay. She takes a deep breath to gather her courage, pressing the tip of the crayon to the wall, just as her bedroom door flies open. "Drop it. Now!" her dad scolds, and so she does. Her parents shake their heads in disbelief as they survey the mess she's made. Her mission has been accomplished, so it seems, and Flora has never felt more awful. She wants to apologize, hating the disappointment in her parents' eyes as they look at her, but she can't. Naughty girls don't say sorry. "Flora, what in the world…." Her dad sighs loudly, pinching the bridge between his eyes with his thumb and index finger. "Why would you do