yJamie Black and the Prisoner of Azkaban Chapter 1 Diagon Alley I did something like this years ago, but it was terrible and still is. When I get passed when I was in there, I'll take it off. This is a rewrite with a better character and writing. I lived in the Orphanage for as long as I could remember. I've been told I've been here since I was a baby, in a bundle of blankets and a letter, showing my name and when I was born. My mother was dead or so I'm told and no one tells me who my father was. All I have is his last name. The name is pretty common, though in wizard world it's not. My name is Jamie Adhara Black, yeah the middle name is strange. I didn't think about it too much. I wasn't just an oridanary orphan though, no I was a witch. Meaning I could do magic, no boils or creepy laughs present, though I did have a broom. I didn't know I was a witch untill my 11th birthday. An old friend of my father's (whoever he is) visits me over the years since I was 5. His name is Remus Lupin. He knew I was a witch, but didn't tell me because he wanted to make sure and more accidental magic could happen if you're more aware at a young age. That's what he told me. That wouldn't be a good idea at where I'm living. He's like an uncle, but he never adopted me. Once I got over my shyness, I asked him. He told me it wouldn't be right and he wasn't allowed to. I asked him why and he told me the dreaded anwser every child hates, 'wait until you're older'. I still didn't hate him for it, I was happy I met him. The Orphanage wasn't horrible, no matter the rumors you here about places like that. Some are bad, some are not. It was near London. It just felt very lonely because the adults didn't have time to care for each child, the older kids didn't want to deal with younger kids and some kids in there were just bullies. We didn't get abused or anything and if a adult was abusing children, they were kicked out and arrested. Truthfully though, without Remus, I don't know where I'd be. Him and my best friends from Hogwarts (a wizarding school). I was excited because the summer was almost over. Normally that would be weird for a kid to think about, but soon Remus would come and take me to Diagon Alley. The Matron of the Orpanage would let me go because she's been told to by Dumbledore, the headmaster of my school. It was August 24, the day Remus would take me to Diagon Alley. I had gotten my Hogwarts letter a while ago and it had all my books plus the Hogsmede letter that I was going to give to the Matron later on. From what I heard from the Weasley Twins, Zonko's Joke Shop was there and I couldn't wait to go. "Jamie." I looked up and saw one of the Matron's helpers. "Yeah?" She frowned at me, a displeased look on her face. "Mr. Lupin is here to see you." She she was on the side of disliking me then, that's okay. I'll have to watch a bit. Maybe I can prank her if she really bothers me. My eyes widened as I saw it was only around noon. I grinned widely and snapped up my Hogwarts letter, making sure to grab my Gringotts key. I ran past her, hearing her cry of dismay. Remus was waiting by the doors. "Remus!" He laughed and gave me a smile. "Jamie, you ready?" I nodded happily. "Yeah. C'mon!" Mrs. Matthews, the Matron said with a stern look. "Now, you behave Jamie." I turned to give her my most charming grin. "Don't I always?" Remus chuckled. "Why don't I believe that?" I looked at him with mock betrayal. I replied in a self important tone. "I always make sure to be on my best behavior." Mrs. Matthews laughed a little. "Go on, remember Mr. Lupin not to bring her back to late." Remus nodded his head, smiling. "I won't, don't worry." We walked out and I hugged him, happy that he came. He looked better than usual, still a little tired. I don't know what made him sick, but as long as it wasn't killing or hurting him I didn't care. He patted my shoulders and I let go. "Thanks for coming, Remus." Remus walked forward a bit and I followed him. He usually Apparated us to Diagon Alley, but he wanted to be farther from the Orphanage. "You know I would." I nodded, grinning. "Yeah, I know." "Now, hold on tightly, remember, don't let go." I waved a hand, smirking. "Yeah, yeah. I know." He rolled his eyes at me, shaking his head. He muttered something, but I didn't catch what he said. I grabbed the held out arm and shut my eyes as I always did. The way my chest caved in and I felt like my eyes were about to pop out of my head was the usual, though it felt bareable with the amount of times I've done it since I was 11. I walked around with Remus and was disappointed that I didn't see my other friends. First, I picked up potion ingredents for my horrible potions teacher. Remus asked. "Why do you have such a angry scowl?" I made a face at him. "I hate my potions teacher." Remus chuckled. "I'm sure it's not that bad." I walked backwards so I could face him and waved my arms. "Are you kidding me? I hate the guy! Just like he hates me. I swear he hates me more than anyone else." He raised an eyebow. "I'm sure you're exaggerating again." I shook my head wildly, yelping slightly when I bumped into someone. "I bet if he was allowed to kill me, he would." Remus frowned at me. "Jamie, you may not like him, but he's a teacher, he wouldn't." His look was uneasy though. I frowned as something occured me to. "Do you know him? You sound like you do?" He did look a tad uncomfortable. "We knew each other in school." I smirked. "Obviously not friends." He rolled his eyes, following me to the Wizard bank. "Obviously." I nodded with a smile. "Good, I don't think I'd be able to be friends with you anymore." He rolled his eyes once more, but he was smiling as he pulled me back around so we were walking side to side again. I pouted at him for ruining my fun. He just laughed. After getting my money from my vault, we went into Diagon Alley. All I know is whoever my father was, he had to be rich. He left me a lot of money. First, we went to Flourish and Blotts to get my books for the year. Remus read alot, so I knew he would love to come in here. As we walked in, I told Remus. "Why don't you look around, I'll get my stuff?" I smirked at him, which made him roll his eyes. "Are you sure, Jamie?" I nodded with a smile. "Yeah, don't worry about it." I walked in, pulling my list out of my pocket, looking for the books I would need. I decided to take Care of Magical Creatures and Divination. The first one because I loved learning about animals, the strange magical ones more and Divination sounded cool, sensing the future and all that. Plus my friends were taking it, yeah I know, that sounds like a stupid reason. But I didn't want to take Arithmancy because I was horrible at maths in primary school. I would suffer and classes are hard enough. I read the books I needed.. The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 3 by Miranda Goshawk Unfogging the Future by Cassandra Vablatsky Intermediate Transfiguration by Emeric Switch The Monster Book of Monsters The Essential Defense Against the Dark Arts by Arsenius Jagger I went to the front desk where the manager of the store was. "Excuse me? I need these books from Hogwarts." I put my letter on his desk. He looked at it and gave a scared whimper. "Not you too..." I looked at him blankly. "What?" He looked up. "It's not...you look really famillar." I shrugged. "I dunno. Never seen you before." He shook off his confused look. "Sorry, anyway, that monster's book is dangerous. But...I'll go get it." I walked with him as he grabbed a pair of dragon hide gloves, walking around and picking up the other books one by one. I laughed at what he said. "Dangerous? I'm not a fan of books, but they're not dangerous. Or at least that's what Remus tells me." He just shook his head, grabbing a wooden stick that was leaning against the wall. "You'll see." I grinned. "I want to see this book, I'll rub it in his face that books are dangerous." He just shook his head once more, sending me a nervous, but knowing look. He must get pranksters in here with the look on my face. He put my books in my arms and I grunted from the weight. I followed him and he made another nervous sound. I looked blankly at the books in a cage fighting and biting each other. "Oh, that's what you meant." I didn't get an answer as he slammed his pole inside, seperating four of them and snatching one, binding it with Spello-tape. He carried it to the counter with arms out stretched in front of him. I saw Remus's sandy head looking at a pile of books on a table. I called. "Hey, Remus!" He turned his head to look at me and I grinned at him, waving. A couple of people gave me dirty looks for being loud. He walked over. "What is it?" "I'm done, hey look. I told you books are dangerous." I pointed toward the cage full of feral books. He laughed and peered closer, not quite close to the bars. "Ah. I see." I snickered and he ruffled my hair. "Hey, stop that!" I flatten my hair a bit, glaring at him as he grinned. "Jamie, what were you saying?" I rolled my eyes at him. "C'mon." I walked to the counter, paying for my books. Remus shrunk them and put them in a bag he had over his shoulder. Next I went to get fitted for new black robes because I gotten a little taller over the summer along with new white button down shirts and grey trousers. I too packed them in Remus's bag. He charmed it to hold whatever he wanted it to without running out of space. Next we stopped off at a candy store and I bought some Chocolate Frogs, giving Remus some. I grinned at the way his eyes brightened. He loved chocolate and he might not want to admit it, but I knew he had an obsession with it. As we were eating our snack, it was getting dark. He cleaned both of our hands with a scorgify spell. Remus said. "It's time to go back." I sighed, dragging my feet a little. "Awww..." He put a hand on my shoulder. "It's okay, but in about a week you can go back to Hogwarts." I brightened at that. Even if the Orphanage wasn't that bad. Hogwarts was my home. I grabbed his arm, shutting my eyes. I stumbled, but he caught me. I shook my head. "Woah." Remus steadied me. "Jamie, are you alright?" I nodded. "Yeah, I'm good. Bye..." I didn't want to say bye, I wanted him to stay, but I knew he wouldn't. Remus smiled. "Don't worry, I also have a surprise for you." I looked at him, more interested. "Huh?