Chapter One The royal family of Gondor had been protected for millions of years. It is said that Gondor stood for thousands of years before time was counted, and that an angel has protected their royal family for not so long before it started to be. It is said that the legendary King Elessar, also called Aragorn and many other names, was the first to be protected by this angel. There are many things in King Elessar's legend that can be doubted. It is said that he was raised by elves from a young age, and that he indeed married one after a fantastic adventure involving a dark lord, a wizard, a dwarf and - of all things - four hobbits. As it were, history has grown to doubt the legend of the great King Elessar. For no such creatures existed. And yet, the legend of the angel is never doubted. The royal family of Gondor had long since lost the gift of long life - though every once in awhile a king lived far more than was natural. Most attributed this to good genetics, but there are those that say it is the doing of the silver haired angel that guards the royal family. Most members of the royal family believe this legend wholeheartedly. But there are always a few doubters. One such doubter was the princess Danielle. She had black hair and blue eyes, so like the ancient queen of Elessar said to be an elf. And yet, she believe naught of the old legend. However, Princess Danielle is not the hero of this story- for she is merely the catalyst. The hero of this story, is her younger brother called Henry or Hal by his friends. Hal was the youngest of three children. There was his elder sister Danielle, and his elder brother and the crown prince of Gondor, Roman. Hal had heard the legend of King Elessar since he was young. He had been tutored by the one person who had known the entire story of it. Including the ring of power, the elves and - most excitingly - the angel. The angel had enchanted Hal from a very young age, ever since he first heard the words whispered above his crib by an old maid. He remembered her saying that the angel would smile down upon him, for he resembled the beautiful paintings of King Elessar hung in the library. No one was sure how the painting was so advanced, and some believed that it was, in fact, a rendition of an early painting done by a newer artist. However, there was no proof to deny or secure the claim. It was not too much later that Hal learnt to walk and speak. Though he was only eighteen months, it seemed as if his development had been shone upon by something unnatural. At first, his mother was scared by it. She thought that his unnaturally fast development was going to hurt him later in life, but his father smiled and laughed, saying simply that his youngest son was a genius. The first question Hal had ever asked was after the angel. "Angel?" Hal had said, his voice still soggy with the proof of his young age. Though he could speak, he was unable to form actual sentences. "You want to know of the angel, Hal?" the king had asked, causing Hal to nod fervently, "All right, I see no qualms in telling you of the legend; It is said that hundred of thousands of years ago, King Elessar befriended an angel at a young age. It was said that this angel had been locked away most his entire life. It was said he was locked in a castle made of trees and jewels by the king of wood and stone. Though it was not a malevolent imprisonment, the angel wished to escape. And escape he did, to the Last Homely House when a counsel was called to discuss the threat of a dark lord. "However, the angel found nothing but hate and prejudice within the confines of the Last Homely House, for they knew naught of tolerance for the angel or the people of the King of Wood and Stone; whom had imprisoned the angel. The angel knew nothing of the world, for he had never seen it. And as such ended up embarrassing himself greatly. Despite this, the angel was chosen for a very important quest. He was to be sent all about earth to destroy the dangers of the dark lord. Over his travels he befriended two people; the great King Elessar, who was at that time a prince the world was unaware of and called Aragorn son of Arathorn and his greatest enemy, a dwarf named Gimli son of Gloin. "The angel traveled with this band for nearly a year or more, and he helped Aragorn regain his throne and become the great King Elessar after the defeat of the dark lord. The angel pledged his service and friendship to Elessar, for he loved Elessar greatly and would dare not let the king be without his divine protection. And when the king was old and on his deathbed he made one request of his angel; to protect is posterity. All those that came after him. Now, at this time the angel was saddened for he missed the King of Wood and Stone greatly and wished to join him across the sea, but he would not leave Elessar's wish ungranted. "And though he grieved the loss of Elessar and his queen Arwen, and though he missed the King of Wood and Stone, he stayed. He was a common fixture in the castle and as such nobody was alarmed that he remained even after Elessar died. And here the angel remained; long after the loss of Elessar and his greatest friend Gimli, long after the passing of the King of Wood and Stone for the angel breaks not his promise and stays here to protect this family," the king said, his smooth baritone bringing to life the story he told. Hal stared up at his father with wide silver eyes, his little mouth curled up in a smile. "Can I?" Hal asked, excitement growing at the thought of seeing the angel. "You wish to see the angel?" Hal nodded, "Oh, Hal. The angel isn't real. He is a story, just like that of King Elessar. There was a King Elessar, and there may have been a man fairer than any maid that was mistaken for an angel, but the legend is just that; a legend. Even if that man did exist, he would be long dead by now." "No!" Hal crawled off his father's lap and tottered off, determined to find the angel. The young babe made his way through the castle, paying no attention to the hired help. Though the year was 2000 and the royal family no longer ruled, they were still an important part of the country. Figureheads, similar to the queen of England, and as such the palace must be kept in order. The hired help were quite used to seeing the small prince tottle along and as such paid as much mind to him as he did to them. Eventually, Hal began to tire. Though he did not want to give up his search for the angel, and instead went onto all fours so as to crawl instead of walk around. Through the stone corridors and hardwood floors, the prince of Gondor look everywhere he could think of to find the angel he so wished to see. After hours of tedious and fruitless searching, Hal could take naught more and collapsed on the floor crying. Unfortunately, the royal babe had managed to get himself into the old, unused dungeons and as such no servants or family could hear his sobs. Within minutes he had managed to cry himself into a fitful sleep. Above the dungeons, a great panic swept through the castle as they all searched for the youngest prince. No one was willing to admit that they had not seen fit to follow the babe to wherever he had been going. The oldest prince, at nine years old, had an arm wrapped around Danielle, the young princess only five. The king screamed himself hoarse at any servant that stopped their searching, all the while his arm was wet with the tears of the sobbing queen. In the shadows of the dungeons, stood a young man. He was tall as a young tree and slender as one as well, no fairer face there could be in the world, for his beauty outstreaked that of women by far. Long silver blond hair fell loosely around the angel's shoulders, and beautiful ever-changing eyes peered down at the royal babe who resembled his ancestor so much. The angel made his way to the babe and gently lifted him. "You are as reckless in this life as you were in the last," the angel whispered, pressing a soft kiss to the forehead of the child. Hal's eyes opened and he blearily stared up at the angel, delighted that he had found the divine being. He had so many questions to ask. And yet, he fell asleep quickly as the angel quietly sang him to sleep. The next thing Hal knew, was being clutched to his mother's breast, having been lifted from his crib. Seventeen years later, Hal sat at the breakfast table with his siblings. Roman was now twenty-five and Danielle twenty-one, Hal encroaching on his eighteenth birthday. The siblings were having the same argument they had had for years. "The angel isn't real, Hal, it's a legend made up to comfort scared little princes," Danielle said. Danielle thought she knew everything, just because she had gone to uni in America and had a boyfriend from there. Her boyfriend was an airhead, and it was a shock to Hal how the man had ever gotten to uni in the first place. "C'mon, Dani, if he wants to believe in angels, let him," Roman said. Though Roman seen naught of the angel as Hal had, he still believed it was real. A fact which Hal was always grateful for. "Thanks, Rom," Hal said, smiling at the crown prince. "Dad, can you tell them that they are being absolutely ridiculous? There is no such thing as angels," Danielle said. "Now, Danielle. If the boys want to believe in the angel, let them. I see no reason to deny them that pleasure. Though I do not personally believe," the king said, sending a stern look to his daughter. "Yeah, Dani, you've already ruined every other thing for Hal, let him have his angel," Roman said, winking to his younger brother. Hal blushed. It was not his angel. "The angel is real . I've seen him, he sang to me and saved me from the dungeons," Hal said. The queen sighed longsufferingly, "Look, Hal, we don't know who saved you from the dungeons all those years ago, but we are very sure it was not some elf!" Hal dropped his fork. "Elf? Mom, it was an angel," Hal said. The queen looked shocked and stood up. "I-I am not feeling well, I should go back to bed," the queen said, carefully making her way away from the dining table and out into the halls of the palace. Hal was left confused. Elf? The one that had saved him had been no small person, though the angel had had pointed ears. Maybe that was an attribute of angels? Pointed ears. Yes, but he never mentioned that part to anyone. In fact, he had told no one of what the angel looked like. As it were, Hal was now more determined than ever to find the angel. He knew it lurked somewhere in the castle, for it had sworn it would not leave until Elessar's line died out. Hal resolved himself to finding the angel that night. Meanwhile, up