A/N: Okay, so this is my first Harry Potter fanfiction that I have ever written. Please enjoy and feel free to message me on here or on the Facebook group that I'm a part of The Death Eater Express if you have any suggestions or comments or concerns. I wrote this because I kept having these reoccurring dreams every night and finally had one where the characters were replaced with Hermione and the Death Eaters and the plunny wouldn't go away. I hope you enjoy! (Dark Hermione/ Multiple Mates) Sightless By MadhatterMia Chapter One I know you, but you do not know me. I have walked with you through fields of wheat, and have felt the sensation of autumn sunshine dancing across our entwined limbs. The sight of your perfect but secret smile, as you twirl me underneath the constellations. The endless and vast universe our only audience. The feeling of freshly cut grass between my naked toes, the smell of magic surrounding our little haven. I know that you will never love me, or even see me as the person that I am. But here, lying with you in our little forever with your arms wrapped up around me, looking at me with such devotion. I allow myself to savor this moment, to savor all our moments. "Hermione." I hear his smooth voice caress my name, I look to my right and see concerned eyes staring into my own. I reach up and kiss the underside of his sharp jaw. "You seem to have vanished for a while there." He says jokingly. I smile back to him slightly, suddenly feeling anxiety and fear creeping up my spine. Jumping up, I spin around noticing that he had flashed to the other end of the clearing. Smirking at me in an entirely predatorial way, his eyes watching me like a predator gazes at his prey. The sun suddenly became hidden behind wispy smoke and clouds like curtains to a window. Fog creeping out and grabbing onto my ankles, holding me immobile. Fear grabs hold of my heart in a vice grip, as the sky turns from a blue to a dark, bloody red. "What is happening?" I demand, yet my voice betrays the fear I am trying to hide. Causing it to come out shakily and faint. The smoke curls around his figure again, and he swirls out of sight before appearing right behind me. His body pressed up against mine intimately as he reaches around and grips my chin in his hand, and runs his nose from my shoulder up to my earlobe. His slow intake of breath gives way to his perverse pleasure in inflicting this kind of response from me. "You should not worry about what is happening, but rather what is going to happen soon." He purrs into my ear, nuzzling against my neck. A vision then fills my eyes as it swirls into existence around us. The area begins to lick with flames growing larger and stronger, a sign of very dark and powerful magic. A shrill scream echoing through the forest around them, bouncing off the trees. Figures suddenly appear before her, running through the forest as the bright colors of spells light up through the air around them. It is an epic duel between the three running for their lives, and the others that are hunting them. Suddenly one of the three falls to the ground still due to a mysterious spell striking her in the back, and the other two swinging around trying to get to her only to have the hunters close in even further. With the black-haired teen screaming back at his friend, the redheaded one beside him casts one last long look back at the woman staring blankly up into the tree canopy above her, he grabs the black-haired teen and apparates away out of sight. Visions suddenly appear quickly as if flashes of lightning in her eyes. A throne, a snake, a gift, a birthright, and a prophecy. And men, some familiar, and some she has yet to have met. The golden threads of binding magic, and the dark sensual feeling of unbreakable vows. A vision of her sitting upon a throne with a crown of golden vines atop her head, but she looks different in this one. Beautiful, and utterly dangerous in her predatory stance. Her gaze filled with promises yet to be revealed, and knowledge that only she could have the privilege of having seen. Suddenly, vision Hermione gazes directly into present Hermione's eyes and an unspoken thought travels into her mind. "Try not to fight it." It whispers, and before she has a chance to question what her vision self means, a feeling of agony rips through her magical core and up her entire spine. The last sight she sees of her vision self is the sadistic smile and gleeful expression on her beautiful face before one last sentence plays in her ears, and her vision goes dark. "It will only hurt worse." Shooting awake, Hermione gasps in pain and clutches at her chest trying to claw the unknown fire from out of her entire being. The pain is so great that rare tears flow from out of her eyes and down her face. Her back arches sharply from the waves of pain, and a stream of loud screams pour out of her mouth and echo around the tent she lays in. "Mione!" Harry Potter shoots into the tent frantically trying as fast as he can to get to his best friend that is writhing in agony on her bed. He grabs her hands that have already left bloody scratches across her chest through her muggle tee-shirt. Muttering healing spell after healing spell, he watches as the ugly scars fade out of existence. He considers her glassy eyes as they shoot open and bore into his avada green ones. "Harry please! Make it stop." She pleads with him, before her body seizes up once more. Ron comes hesitantly into the tent, standing near the entrance unsure about what to do. Harry is just as lost as Ron looks, but he picks up her body and sits her on his lap and wraps his arms around her. Just trying to let her know that he was there for her, and that she was safe. Her body still quivers and the pain is still intense as she curls herself further into his embrace. Her voice only a quiet whimper at this point now. "Harry, something is wrong." She whispers ominously as her eyes glaze over and stare unseeingly into his shoulder. "Everything is going to be alright. We will find the remaining horcruxes and then finally end this bloody war. You'll see 'Mione. I'll make it okay again, don't worry." He promises to his best friend misinterpreting her meaning. She hears Ron snort near the entrance, finally finding his voice now that his friend has stopped freaking out. "Yeah, 'Mione the sooner you can figure out the next horcrux the sooner we can finally move out and kill that stupid git Voldemort." He says in his usual prat like way. Not realizing the damage, he has just brought upon their group. Hermione suddenly whips out of Harry's hold, and appears right in front of Ron, nose to nose. Her gaze sharp and predatory. "You really shouldn't have said that." She whispers to them, as they suddenly hear loud pops and cracks echo around outside the wards in the forest. "Ron! What have you done?" Harry screeches, as he grabs Hermione's hand and runs out of the tent with Ron following behind them angry at himself for being so careless. "Snatchers." Hermione mumbles as they all look towards the figures hiding in the trees. Harry and Ron take off running through the forest with Hermione behind them trying to find a spot to apparate. The snatchers running after them and shooting curse after curse at their backs. "Fiendfyre!" One of them hisses out loudly behind them, as the cursed fire immediately engulfs the tree tops around them. Hermione can see Harry and Ron spinning around shooting curses back at the snatchers. "Petrificus Totalus!" The body binding spell strikes her from behind and she falls to the ground. Vaguely she can hear Harry and Ron shouting at her prone form, but unable to move her body she just stares up into the fiery canopy above her. A small voice in the back of her mind comments on just how beautiful the dark can sometimes be, and Hermione can only agree with it. How brilliant the night seems to one who has only ever walked in light. Slowly, Hermione can feel these thoughts start to creep through her veins like poison, destroying everything in its path, and replacing it with a brand-new kind of understanding and appreciation. A vision of a new path branching out before her, a vision of a new her. Powerful, sinful, seductive, and most of all…dark. As she hears the apparition of her friends out of the clearing, Hermione feels the sensation of strong, corded arms wrapping around her small form, and up into a strong broad chest. Still unable to move, she listens to the conversations around her. "Damn! What the fuck are we supposed to do now? Potter got away!" One of the death eaters complains. "Our lord will most certainly not be pleased with these circumstances." Another one commented. "But you lot forget something, we have not walked away empty handed. We have the brat's mudblood whore for leverage." The strong, masculine voice of the death eater holding her rumbled out. "Lead the way Rowle, we'll see what our lord has to say about this little mudblood bint." And with a pop they disapparated and reappeared before an enormous archaic Manor. Walking up towards the front door, a vision of long, black curly hair is seen running out towards them. Bellatrix LeStrange. "What are you lot doing back here without Potter!" She screeches in her insane voice. "Our lord will not be pleased!" "Oh, I think he'll be pleasantly surprised at what we do have though. A certain little mudblood he can play with." The Death Eater holding me boasted in his sultry masculine voice. Walking into the Manor and towards what looked like a drawing room, she can hear Bellatrix's answering squeal. "You caught Harry Potter's mudblood?" "Indeed." He answered before dropping Hermione harshly to the marble floor, and out of his arms. She lies there unmoving and staring off into the distance beside her. "Someone call the dark lord. Tell him of what we have brought him." Bellatrix sidles up beside her and licks up her dark mark, before staring back at Hermione on the floor. She smirks, feeling like a cat that caught the canary. "Where is Harry Potter ickle mudblood? Tell me!" She demands, and suddenly her wand is in her hand and pointed at Hermione. "Crucio!" She screams, causing Hermione to seize up in pain and her back to arch up off the floor. Her shrieks of pain echoing off the high ceilings of the Manor. Hermione feels the body bind curse also drop from her body as this happens. After a while the crucio is dropped and she sags onto the floor expressionless and feeling as if something has broken inside of her. A low sound suddenly starts emerging from her prone figure, growing louder by the second. Sending chills down the spines of all those in the room with her. Her back arches off the ground once more, and her head snapping back as she chuckles darkly. Those in the room with her staring in disbelief at the sight before them. Her naturally bushy hair, straightened out growing in thick brown waves down to her waist. Her naturally tan skin fading into a beautiful shade that would rival a porcelain doll. Her eyelashes lengthened and her pink lips darkened and fluffed out to a deep burgundy, looking