Title: Three and a Half Christmases Author: krissy_cits Pairing: Harry/Tonks via Harry/others Summary: Harry wakes up from a night of partying to find a certain someone under his tree. What happens next is utterly surprising, but perhaps he should have known all along. Rating: NC-17 Length: 5,600 Warnings: Lots of voyeuristic smut scenes, semi-public sex, overuse of pronouns and way too much Christmas Firewhisky. AU where Tonks is alive and single post-battle. Author's notes: I've wanted to write Harry and Tonks ever since that wink in Order of the Phoenix, so thank you for the prompts and the creative shove! I used a couple of your pairings (sort of). I also lay no claim to the idea of A Christmas Carol which this story loosely resembles. Merry Christmas! Many thanks to BC and HH for betaing. Harry woke slowly, resisting the pull of wakefulness and hoping to return to slumber. But his bladder was full, his stomach was grumbling, and his headache would not be ignored. Gingerly he rose and slipped out of bed, groping for his glasses in the pre-dawn darkness. Once he could see, he found a pair of pyjama pants and slid them on. That done, he tiptoed out of his bedroom and down the corridor to the toilet. Once his bladder had been taken care of, he continued down the stairs to the kitchen of number twelve, Grimmauld Place. His foot knocked a bottle that went crashing down several stairs before rolling to a stop. A few more steps down, he stepped in a warm, sticky puddle that had him cringing. Last night's party had been a doozy. He'd moved in here after he'd completed his Auror training and gone to work for the Ministry. It had taken more than his own considerable skill to remove the final traces of Dark Magic left by the Blacks—and to permanently Unstick the portrait of the ignoble Mrs Black. She now resided with Farilda Flanks in a remote area of the Ministry for Magic historical archives, thanks to Tonks and her blood relation to the house's magic. After that, Harry had turned the former safehouse into a home. A home which was currently covered in the remains of a bloody good party. Harry tripped over another Firewhisky bottle as he entered the kitchen. It rolled under the table and came to a stop with a clink against another of its kind. Empty sweet wrappers littered the table along with every single mug, glass, and cup Grimmauld Place possessed. Leftover food covered the counters—Harry supposed Kreacher hadn't yet woken and begun his day. Either that or he'd decided to leave this mess to Harry. He scrubbed a hand over his face and wondered if he could convince Ginny to perform some of the household cleaning spells she'd learned from Molly. Then he remembered the way they'd parted a few months ago— not amicably—and he resigned himself to a messy house for the time being. After preparing some tea, Harry leant against the sink and downed one of the vials of Sober Up Potion that had been set out for his guests. Headache taken care of, Harry turned his attention to his rumbling stomach. A tray of treacle tarts sat on the end of the table closest to him, so Harry quickly ate a few, ignoring the fact that they were quite stale. He was just biting into the last one when he heard the sounds of someone singing. He had plenty of rooms here, so he knew several of his friends had opted to spend the night. However, it seemed at least one of them was up at this unwizardly hour just like him. He crept out of the kitchen, not wanting to scare whoever it was. Her voice was beautiful—clear and strong. Harry moved silently to the open door of his sitting room, remembering at the last second to avoid the creaky floorboard just outside the door. Peering in, he saw Luna sitting on the floor at the base of his Christmas tree. Her hair tumbled down her back in silky blonde waves. She continued singing a jaunty Christmas melody as she used her wand to Levitate strands of tinsel onto the branches of the tree. Harry was mesmerized by her voice and her graceful movements, so much so that it took him a moment to realize she had spoken to him. "I said, are you ready, Harry?" she asked, her back still to him. Sheepishly, Harry shuffled into the room. "Morning, Luna," he said, his voice still gravelly with sleep and the after-effects of his partying. "Ready for what?" He had grown used to Luna's non-linear thinking over the years, so her abrupt question didn't faze him. When she turned to face him, however, her garment did stop him in his tracks. It looked like some sort of nightdress—high, frilly collar; long sleeves; a row of buttons marching down the front. But that was where the similarities ended, because the whole thing was made of a gauzy, sheer material that was completely see-through. And Luna was completely nude beneath it. Harry swallowed thickly, then rubbed his eyes for good measure. "Er, Luna—" "Are you ready, Harry Potter?" she asked in that same dreamy tone. She rose to her feet and held her hand out to him expectantly. Ready for what ? Harry wondered. Did they have some kind of assignation planned? He was suddenly, uncomfortably aware of his shirtless state. He didn't think he would have flirted with Luna; then again, he was frustratingly single once more and he had been partaking of the spiked Butterbeer rather heavily. In fact, he seemed to recall—a bit muzzily, mind you—kissing Lavender under the lopsided mistletoe and offering to rub Tonks down with peppermint oil. He winced. "Are you ready to find love before it's too late?" Her question interrupted his disturbingly enticing ruminations on Tonks and full-body massages. He mentally shook himself and focused on Luna. Finding love? He wasn't sure that's what he was after. Then Luna shifted and her nipples winked through the sheer fabric of her gown, and Harry decided to just go for it. "Yes, I'm ready." He placed his hand in hers, expecting to follow her upstairs to an empty room. He did not expect to be Side-Along Apparated back into the Forest of Dean. -0-0-0- "Son of a bludger!" Harry cursed as he stumbled forward with the momentum and landed on his hands and knees. "Luna, what—" She shushed him and began drifting deeper into the trees to their left. Harry regained his feet and brushed the leaves off of his pyjamas. Scowling, he followed her into the foliage. "We could have just used the sofa," he grumbled, but Luna did not respond. She pressed onward for another ten minutes, during which time Harry decided she had finally lost her mind and become as bonkers as everyone thought she was. His feet protested the walk on the chilly ground, covered with rocks and twigs and crunchy leaves. He was thoroughly regretting his drinking from the night before, and every decision that had brought him to this point. He could only hope that Luna had something spectacularly special in mind. They continued into a clearing, and suddenly Harry felt a strong sense of foreboding. He knew this clearing. Indeed, there was the tent they'd used during that awful year. The static sounds of their radio reached his ears, and Harry saw two shadows moving inside the canvas. "Do you have a Time-Turner?" Harry asked Luna's back. His anger flared and swamped him when she didn't answer, but merely kept moving inexorably closer to the tent. "LUNA! I don't know what you're playing at, but I don't want to be here. Luna, did you hear me—" He made to grab her arm but his fingers closed over air. He stared down at the place where he'd attempted to touch her, then tried again. His hand passed right through her arm. "Luna...I'm seriously starting to freak out right now..." Harry's breath came faster and his heart was racing. He wondered if he had died—or if he was dreaming—or if there was something else at play here, some form of Dark Magic that his Muggle background had not prepared him for... At least now he had Luna's attention. "You're wasting time, Harry Potter," she said unhurriedly. "Watch, and learn." She gestured at the tent and Harry drew closer as if he was pulled by puppet strings. The slow thrum of music matched the hard thumping of his heart as he approached. If this was really four years ago—if he was back in that tent, with Hermione—he both dreaded and anticipated the sight that awaited him. He hesitated at the front flap of the tent. Luna was suddenly beside him, her ghostly hand resting on his arm. "It will be alright, Harry," she murmured, and then she just— drifted through the canvas. Harry gulped in a deep breath and followed her, too caught up in what was going on to even be concerned about his ability to pass through solid matter with ease. Inside the tent, his seventeen-year-old self sat despondently at the table, spinning his wand around and around as he listened for any news from PotterWatch. Hermione was huddled in the corner, her face barely visible above the collar of Ron's abandoned jacket and beneath her own halo of hair. Harry watched as his younger self sat up straighter when the PotterWatch caster's voice crackled over the line. "Wotcher, folks! This is Changeling with a quick update. The Headmaster has been suspiciously absent from his duties this week according to our informants inside the castle. As for myself, I'll be joining their ranks soon as an undercover operative... Wish me luck as I head into the belly of the beast..." Present-day Harry tuned out most of the remainder of the broadcast, words like "danger" and "worst-case scenario" bouncing around in his brain while he wondered why Luna had brought him to this point in time. He watched silently as his younger self stared at the radio with such an expression of devastation that it wrenched his heart. Young Harry prodded the wireless with his wand and a jolly Christmas tune spilled out, making both him and Hermione frown. Another prod had a decidedly more melancholy sound weaving through the tent, and Harry tried to leave, backing away from the scene before it could progress. This, he didn't want Luna to see. But she placed herself between him and the wall of the tent, providing a surprisingly strong barrier for such a—well, transparent —girl. "Watch," she said again, needlessly. He could hardly do anything else, could he? In the tent, Hermione sighed. Teenage Harry glanced over at her and his lips set in a firm line. He stood and held out his hand, which she took after a long moment. He hauled her up and then they were dancing, awkwardly and hesitantly at first. Gradually, as the sad song wove its own magic around them, they twirled and even smiled, a stolen moment of frivolity in a year of utter darkness. Younger Harry brought Hermione closer, wrapping his arms around her waist as Nick Cave crooned through their wireless. They swayed their way to the end of the song, and Harry watched as he placed his lips against the base of Hermione's throat. At the time, he hadn't meant anything by it; only an action of comfort in a distressing time. But then Hermione had turned her head and caught his lips with hers, and things spiraled into a world of heat and misplaced passion. Harry and Luna watched as Hermione shoved Harry backwards onto one of the camp beds: Luna, impassive and unreadable; Harry, with a shameful twitch of his now-interested cock. This wasn't what he'd imagined when he'd taken Luna's hand back at Grimmauld Place. He would never have classified himself as a voyeur, but there