***Just a doodle (not really the right word) to see how people respond to this next level in my imagination, after A Father's Tragedy (which I still need to complete :(*** "Put him over there, against the rock" Elrohir groaned as he urged Lorwen towards the rock he pointed out in the darkness, hoping she'd see it. He held Elladan's right arm over his shoulders and Lorwen held his left arm in much the same way, dragging an unconscious and badly bleeding Elladan with them and he was getting extremely heavy. "There's not much shelter for him like this" Lorwen sighed as the relentless rain fell down on all three of them while Elrohir tried to take a closer look to the injury on his brother's thigh. "And I can't see a bloody thing" Elrohir muttered, digging deeper into the pack of clothing they had already pressed against the bleeding injury, pressing his hand against the wound he tried to stop the bleeding but sighed. "There's no use in trying to start a fire either" he sighed as he looked into the darkness surrounding him. Lighting lighted up the area briefly and it was enough for him to see how Lorwen checked Elladan's pulse. "We have to stop the bleeding and we have to warm him up" she sighed. "He's freezing." "He's not alone" Elrohir moaned. "I'll see if I can get the tent up" Lorwen suggested as she got up and slid through the mud towards the skittish horses that danced near them. "It's to dark!" Elrohir shouted after her. "It doesn't have to be pretty!" Lorwen shouted back above the loud thunder that rolled through the area, spooking the horses even more. "Just dry!" she added as it fell silent again. Releasing the saddles from the horses she tied them to a brush nearby and gathered the equipment she needed. In the pouring rain she hammered the pins into the ground above Elladan and Elrohir who still kept his hand pressed against the gushing wound on his brother's leg. Pulling the oiled leather cloth taut above their heads she hammered the pins into the ground on the other side as well before she pulled their equipment under the cloth at their feet so it could dry and help to keep the tent up since it only gave them little room to move. "We're out of the rain now" Elrohir sighed as she moved to Elladan's other side, "but I still can't see a damned thing and he's still bleeding" he groaned. "Can you hold this?" Lorwen asked, pushing him a candle in his hand. "Where did you get this?" Elrohir asked as she tried to light it with the tinderbox. "My saddlebag" she groaned as she tried again and failed. "Why did you bring a candle?" "No idea" she moaned as she failed again. "But I'm glad that I did" she sighed. "Damned!" she cursed as she couldn't seem to light it. "Let me try" Elrohir suggested. "Give me your hand" he asked and pulled her hand towards Elladan's injury, pressing it straight onto the wound. "Elrohir..." Lorwen gasped as she realised where he had pushed her hand and felt uncomfortable. "What?" he asked, handing her the candle back. "It's his groin... I'm not sure... it's appropriate for me to..." she whispered, closing her eyes as she could feel his genitals rested against her wrist. "He's unconscious" Elrohir waved it away and tried to light the candle. "Still..." "Would you rather have him bleed to death while I light this?" he asked slightly angry. "No ofcourse not" she replied quickly, "but..." "There" Elrohir sighed contently as he had managed to get a flame going on the wick of the candle. "I'll try to cover him up so you don't have to see his junk" he sighed as he placed the tinderbox aside and pulled her hand with the candle closer so he could see the injury. "His junk?" Lorwen asked with a frown. "His genitals" Elrohir rephrased and tried to soak up some of the blood with the clothes they had pressed against the wound, allowing his eyes to get used to the light before he took a look at the injury without his brother loosing too much blood. "I already saw them" Lorwen replied softly and lowered her gaze as Elrohir suddenly looked up at her. Even by the scarese light of the candle he could see that she blushed bright red. "I surprised him while he was taking a swim... I didn't know he wasn't wearing anything..." "We only wear our leggings when you are with us" he smirked. "If not, we don't wear anything at all." "I know, I know" Lorwen moaned. "Let's concentrate on his injury, shall we?" she muttered and positionned the candle besides the injury so they could see it. "Ready?" she asked before pulling her hand off the wound. "Ready" Elrohir nodded and they both stared at the injury for a few moments before Elrohir pushed her hand back on the gushing bleeding and groaned loudly. "It's his femoral artery" Lorwen gasped and pressed her fingers onto the rupture even harder. "There's nothing we can do to stop the bleeding" Elrohir moaned as Lorwen checked Elladan's pulse after Elrohir took the candle from her. "We have to cauterize it" Lorwen suggested. "With what? This?" Elrohir asked, lifting the candle. "Do you even know how long it will take before we can heat up a knife with a candle?" "Do you have another suggestion?" she asked, grabbing the knife in her boot already and held the tip into the flame of the candle. "We only have one shot at this" he sighed as he took the knife from her and held it. "Better make it count" she nodded and looked at him over the flame. His eyes seemed like two dark orbs that fixed on hers and for a moment neither of them looked away and continued to stare in the other's eyes until Elladan moaned and moved his head, breaking the captivating stare they both had found themselves in. "Hush Elladan" Lorwen tried to calm him, cupping his cheek with her free hand. "We're here. We're trying to help you." "I'm... so... cold" he moaned and shivered violently. "We'll warm you up in a minute" Elrohir promised. "Just try to rest. Preserve your strength. Lay still." "Hold on alright?" Lorwen asked, gently caressing his cheek and smiled at him as he looked at her. "I'll try" he sighed and closed his eyes again. Silence fell as neither Lorwen or Elrohir dared to speak about his condition or what they were about to do now that he was more or less conscious. Several minutes passed until the blade became searing hot and they exchanged a glance. Silently Elrohir counted down from three to zero and when he mouthed the last number Lorwen pulled her hand back and he pressed the blade into the wound. Elladan howled in agonizing pain, arched up and fell back as he lost consciousness with a sob as his flesh sizzled at the touch with the hot steel. His sudden move had extinguished the candle and all they could see was the hot steel that slowly faded as Elrohir tossed it aside and tried to light the candle again. "It stopped bleeding" he sighed after a few agonizing minutes and drew a deep breath in relief. "We need to close the wound now" she sighed. "You'd better do that" Elrohir moaned as he showed her his bloodied free hand that trembled deftly. "I don't think I can hold a needle" he added. Covering his hand with her own bloodied hand she squeezed it gently for support before she took the candle and went in search for the needle and thread that they had in their packs. She closed the injury while he lighted the wound with the candle and he watched her work, admiring her steady hand and looked up to her face. With a silent sigh he closed his eyes until he suddenly felt her hand on his, pulling the candle closer so she could tie the knot to the thread. "Any suggestions on how we can warm him up?" she asked softly, pressing a clean bandage against the wound, wrapping it around his leg. "Only one" Elrohir sighed and started to remove Elladan's wet clothes. "Isn't he going to get colder without his clothes?" Lorwen remarked, hesitantly helping him to remove the tunic, shirt and the remnants of his leggings. "Get the blanket?" Elrohir asked softly and as she turned to get it he started to undress himself as well. "Body warmth" he replied to her gasp as she saw him whirm out of his leggings as well and pulled his boots back on. "It's all we have" he sighed as he laid himself down besides Elladan and pulled the blanket up to his chin. A sudden gust of wind extinguished the candle again and for a moment the only movement that could be seen in the darkness was Elrohir's attempt to warm his brother up by rubbing over his shoulders and arms. Lorwen sat as frozen as she debated what to do. They had to warm Elladan up or he might not survive the night. But the idea alone... Closing her eyes she realized she had to try everything to maximize his chances of survial and started to pull her boots off. It was dark after all, how much could be seen under the tent? "What are you doing?" Elrohir asked as she started whirming out of her tunic and shirt, but he already knew the answer. "If I have to make a choice between being squeamish or saving Elladan's life" she muttered as she tossed her wet clothes in the direction Elrohir had thrown his and whirmed herself under the blanket besides Elladan, "I'm choosing his life" she replied and shivered violently as she now felt the cold on her own skin. "You don't have to do this" Elrohir whispered over his brother's body and looked at her as she moved under the blanket as well. "Yes I do" she muttered. "Turn him on his side. That way we can warm more of his body with ours" she suggested and moved against Elladan's chest as Elrohir helped to roll him over. They both pressed themselves against his unresponsive body and reached for the other over Elladan's side, holding on to eachother so they could hold him up in between them. "Lorwen?" Elrohir asked after a few minutes of silence had fallen between them and their warmth was already clearly tangible under the blanket. "Yes?" she replied, her teeth no longer clattering. "Thank you" he whispered. "For doing this." "I'm sure he would do the same for us" she replied softly, squeezing Elrohir's arm gently. "I'm sure" Elrohir sighed and closed his eyes. The knowledge that the elleth he cared about most in his life laid naked on the other side of his brother had a strange effect on his body and since he was pressed up against his brother's back he couldn't quite mask his feelings for her. Therefor he was glad that is was to dark and that Elladan was unconsious. Their warmth quickly rocked Lorwen to sleep and when she suddenly released her grip on Elrohir's arm he pressed his forehead against the back of Elladan's head and groaned softly. Here they were sleeping naked besides one another and Elladan obscured his view completely. It made him almost wish that he had been the one injured and lying in the middle. Elrohir was the first to wake up and sighed deeply as he found Elladan had rolled against Lorwen completely and they both still seemed to be vast asleep. Finding his brother had warmed up Elrohir pulled away from his back and covered him with the blanket. Sitting up behind him he couldn't resist looking over his side to the elleth that