So here's the deal. This is post - Heroes of Olympus, with a few concepts picked up from Supernatural and Shin Megami Tensei. But otherwise, it's in Rick Riordan's world, so enjoy! I update every Saturday, so read, review, comment, critique, whatever. But have fun! Disclaimer: I do not claim to have created the characters made by Rick Riordan or his universe, I have not made them or his universe nor do I profit from it. This is (obviously) just a fan fiction tribute. Legal stuff out of the way... PART I: CHASING THE LIT FUSE CHAPTER 1: WE GET ASSAULTED BY A FAIRY The rain thundered on the asphalt like the mighty beating of a thousand drums. A few cars droned on in the distance, the sound of the rain nearly drowning out their fuel deprived engines. The whole town was drenched grey beneath the acidic dye of rainwater, colour bleaching out of what little light there was, bleeding through the streets and into the rusty gutters. On a day such as this, in a sleepy town like that, you wouldn't necessarily expect a lot of people to be outside, yet despite that, it almost seemed as if all of the world's sound had been concentrated into one corner of excitement, people armed with umbrellas and raincoats huddled outside and in a small restaurant placed in its own neat little corner. Riley stood with her back facing the street, analysing the restaurant. Sure enough, it was the same place that Chiron had described to her: a sign that looked too fresh to have been there for long, an assortment of pies and other confectionaries visible between the gaps of people huddled by the windows. She looked around, her eyes cast suspiciously to the shadows. Nothing abnormal. Not yet at least. She turned her attention back to the restaurant and proceeded to push and shove her way through the mass of flesh to the warm innards of the building. Beyond the congregation of hungry civilians, on the other side of the counter, were two uniformed individuals. A young red-headed woman frantically weaved from the back to the front of the counter, disappearing behind closed doors to arrive moments later with numerous cakes and pies in her hand. "Two Victorian sponges right here, the apple pie for the customer in glasses, drenched in maple syrup like you asked. Who wanted the banana bread again?" She looked completely overwhelmed as excited customers practically shoved money into her face as they snatched and grabbed at the food before she could even place it on the counter. The other clerk was a large stern looking man, an almost inappropriate eyepatch stretched across his face as he silently and swiftly entered and exited the back room with stacks of elaborate cakes and exotic looking pastries. "Excuse me, pardon me, just… freaking… get… out!" Riley forced her way past two slim teenage girls that would probably double in mass if they ate a single thing from the store, but was rebuffed by a skin headed man in a tank top. She clenched her fists, her blood bubbling and churning in her veins like a great cauldron. "Calm down Riley, they don't know any better…." "Tough crowd huh?" a voice said next to her. "Yeah…. I mean, come on, it's just pie." "They've been like this for the past two weeks. Driving the others out of business already, it's crazy. It's almost impossible to get a bite to eat nowadays." Riley turned to the source of the voice. Standing next to her was a slim, lanky looking boy, maybe the same age as her, a grey beanie slotted on top of an unruly mess of black, almost grey hair. His eyes were mainly hidden by the fringe of his hair, but she could just barely make out a pair of silver eyes staring absentmindedly ahead. If he hadn't spoken up just then, she wouldn't have even noticed him. In fact, his complete lack of presence was astonishing considering the large brown trench coat that he wore, clearly failing to disguise just how small he was, and accentuating it instead. "How long till everything calms down?" He rolled up a sleeve to glance at a black sports watch. "Give it a few seconds, tops," he said. Sure enough, the eye patched sailor – type baker stood up from his stool (Riley hadn't even noticed he was seated until he began to tower over all his customers) and opened his mouth. "Alright everybody, we're closed for the day, time to clear out, alright? Nothing else is in stock." The displeasure sounded obvious, and bordered on violent, but then the red-head jumped up to save the situation. "If you come bright and early tomorrow, we'll have even more for you all! And don't forget, it's pie Friday!" The people grumbled as they slowly shuffled out of the restaurant, but Riley lagged behind, staring at the fiery haired woman. After a while she finally acknowledged the intense gaze on her persons, turned to Riley, and smiled. "I'm sorry, but we're closed for the day. Time to go now kid." "Oh, I'm not here to buy anything," Riley said, trying to sound as innocent as possible. "I just wanted to ask a few questions." The lady turned to the old man, who simply shrugged and retreated behind a door, lights going off in that room. "Sure thing kiddo, but you better be quick! What's up?" "There's a lot of people here, why's your food so special?" The women beamed a sugary sweet smile at her. "Because we make our food with love of course!" "So there's no secret ingredient or anything?" She shook her head. "I'm just wondering, 'cause this place is pretty new, and small too." Her smile dropped slightly into a tiny smirk. "Tell me about it, we really need a lot more than just two people now, huh? I guess it's just that everyone wants something to talk about it, and this place works for it." She frowned as she stared harder at Riley. "I haven't seen you around before. What's your name?" "Riley." The lady nodded her head. "Riley huh? Well, my name's Leona. If you're here for a while, come by again. I recommend the milkshakes, so long as you're not on a diet!" "Actually, I'd like to try one myself," Riley replied, placing some crumpled notes on the table. "Extra large, surprise me, as long as it's not caramel." "Well we're really meant to be closing, but since I like you, no problem." Leona placed the notes in the cash register before swivelling on her heel to start preparing it. Riley waited patiently when a hand clasped her shoulder firmly. She felt her heart almost leap out of her chest as she quickly grabbed the wrist, twisting it and its owner around until they were face-to-face, her fist held up apprehensively. "Hey, take it easy! I didn't mean to scare you!" The hand's owner said. It was the same boy from before. Riley relaxed, letting go. "You were still here?" she asked, slightly creeped out that she hadn't even noticed him again. "I really don't recommend that shake," he said. "Totally overpriced, and way too much sugar." "No problem, I can handle it." "No, I really don't think that you should try some." Riley wasn't sure what it was, but the boy seemed far too serious for him to just be worried about her health and wallet. Before she could reply, Leona returned, an extra-large milkshake in her hand. "Here you go, extra-large shake, chef's specialty. Don't drink it all in one go!" She nodded her head, stirring the milkshake with the pink bendy straw that was poking out of the top. She took a tentative sip, the thick, ice cold liquid pouring into her mouth and down her throat. She felt her eyes widen in pleasant surprise. The strawberry cooled and refreshed the throat she didn't even know was dry, the taste almost dancing on her taste buds, coaxing her into taking yet another lengthy draught from the magical drink. It was like drinking sparkles reflected off a crystal clear lake at midnight. The woman stared at her, the sugary-sweet smile back on her face. "Good huh?" "It's excellent!" Riley replied. The woman looked pleased, her smile stretching from ear to ear. "Food of the gods and all that." "I know right?" "What did you mix into this?" "Well, that's a closely guarded secret, I can't exactly tell you." "I thought you said that it was love?" "Exactly! And that's all you really need, so you'd better get outta here, lights are nearly out." The old man had returned, flicking another switch that bathed half the room in perpetual darkness. "Get outta here," the old man said. Riley looked between Leona and the old man, planning out her next moves. "Just one last question then. This… secret ingredient, your 'love' or whatever, all of your food is made from it, right?" "That's a pretty weird way to put it, but yes." "Well then, I think that you better stop what you're doing." Leona frowned, her smile diminishing slightly. "What? Why? We're just selling pies, that's all." "Three weeks ago, a whole bunch of demigods travelling across the country were mysteriously assaulted and robbed just a few miles south of here, all their belongings, gone. Two of them were severely injured, it's a wonder they even escaped alive. Demigods. Robbed. I highly doubt ordinary crooks have the kind of power to do that. A few days later, and this sketchy restaurant opens up, outselling everybody in minutes. But nobody notices that the food's just a little bit too addictive, even for the perfect apple pies. I wonder why?" "Hey, what're you talking about? What does that all have to do with us?" Leona asked nervously. "And what's wrong with our food? Everyone loves it, is it a crime to make stuff that people like?" She isn't wondering why I said Demigods, Riley thought. Looks like I was right after all…. "It's definitely a crime to steal the ambrosia of the gods just to start up a bakery. Aint that right, old man?" Leona fumed, opening her mouth to retort, when the old man finally spoke up. "Get out of my store," he said. "This is no place for kids who can't understand my art." "And don't want to enjoy it either!" Leona said with a humph. The boy (how could she keep forgetting he was there?) tapped her on the shoulder, temporarily taking her attention. "What are you doing?" he whispered. "Are you trying to piss them off?" "Why are you still here?" she asked. "Hurry up and go home already, watch TV or something." "No, you need to get out of here, this is really dangerous!" Leona coughed, interrupting the two of them. "I don't know how you heard about the ambrosia, but this is none of your business you little brats. Now, get out of the way!" "Just wait-" Leona waved her hand, Riley getting launched into the air, as if by some invisible force. "Hey, girl!" In a few short moments, he'd been sent flying as well, landing with a crunch on one of the tables. "That's enough!" the old man yelled. "You promised that you wouldn't hurt anybody else!" Leona strolled back to the man, ensnaring him in her slender arms. "But they were going to hurt you. To hurt us . I'm just trying to keep you safe, that's all." Riley got up with a groan, trying to steady herself again. "Hey, old man, believe me when I say this, but you do not want to get involved with her." "She's right," the boy said. "That thing's not human, it's a monster." "Well, I wouldn't go that far but…." "No, she's actually a monster, a fae specifically. That's a Leanan Sidhe." "A what now?" She looked at him in surprise. "A