Chapter 1 Warnings: Slight grammar issues (no beta and no time to really majorly edit so I go back later to do that. Plus, my computer autocorrects things without me noticing), dark themes, lowkey depressing but not overly so, just sad. Mentions of child abuse will occur throughout this fanfic. Nothing graphic. Mentioning of a sort of eating disorder (really though it's a lack of appetite brought on by depression) and self harm of a minor character (very briefly) will occur later on, a warning will most likely be posted then. These will not be graphic whatsoever. You've been warned guys. I don't want to hear anything about it. Also, if anyone would like to be my Beta, I would appreciate it as I don't have the time to go back and edit, I barely have the time to write haha. PM me if you're interested. Not really sure how all that works to be honest. Another warning for the story: At times I will use the name Louis and other times, Harry. His appearance matches the typical form of the name associated with it and thus the company he is around. Keep this in mind. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter nor am I making any money. Please enjoy. February, 1989 The ninth year. Rain fell from the sky in large droplets, hitting the ground with the heavy echo of a forgotten word. He ran quickly, feet crashing against the cement of the sidewalk, splashing into puddles of water, making the liquid rise up his pant legs. The fabric clung tightly to his skin but he ignored it, pushing forward, around sharp corners and pass trash cans and light poles. Behind him, Jeremy Stevens was chasing him. He had been scouring the streets for almost two years now, having started only two months after he was left here in France, and had met Jeremy five months in. Jeremy was one of the local boys who lived in a run down apartment in Paris. He wasn't the richest of children but he wasn't the poorest. They had been almost acquaintances at first, with Louis watching the way the boy fought with other street kids and how easily he picked pockets of the men walking. Jeremy had noticed his wandering eyes and instead of snapping at him and cursing at him in French, the boy had merely smirked and let him continue, only making Louis pay a sort of exchange rate in the form of fresh apples. But then Jeremy Stevens had met Henry Davidson and he became Stevens, no longer the somewhat friendly Jeremy of the past. Henry was also a local boy, local, to Louis, being anyone he had seen in Paris enough to recognize, but unlike Stevens, he wasn't living in an apartment. No, Henry lived in a nice, elegant home of pure white. It wasn't large, as one didn't need such a large house here, but it was significantly larger than St. Joseph's, the orphanage Louis resided in, and considering that shack housed over twenty people in it, that was enough for Louis to mark the boy as a rich kid. Indeed, Henry fit the part with his shiny shoes and neatly brushed hair and tailored coats. He was a figure of elegance, possessing a grace that even Louis envied. Henry had a bike and many toys and even a dog with scruffy, black ears but he was not content. He was, what Louis would call, the typical troublemaker. He was not okay with being a simple child, he wanted more. He wanted action and so Henry came to the streets and befriended who he saw as the biggest threat: Jeremy Stevens. Jeremy was, in fact, the biggest underage threat on the streets. He knew how to fight well, having taken classes his mother signed up for him and had honed out here on the block. He was crafty and resourceful and knew the tricks of the trade and Henry wanted him and together the two of them were sharp and unstoppable. Davidson and Stevens. Davidson was what one would call the brains of the operation. He knew business, his father owning a large, successful company that was steadily growing all across Europe, and thus the boy had a sharp tongue and a quick drawl. He could outtalk anyone and handled negotiations like the best of them. The boy had surely been watching his father's business deals, listening in on phone conversations and pressing his ear against closed doors. It was he that picked who to steal from, what venues to target next, and who to trade with and for what. The boy could lie just as well, staring into old ladies faces with a sad pout and staring wide eyed at officers because "no, sir. I haven't seen any boy like that. I'll be sure to find you if I do." On the other side of the coin, you had Stevens, who was most definitely the brawn. He was who got his hands dirty, picking pockets and snatching up food favors. Stevens was the one to punch the kid that thought they could steal from their corner without paying up. Stevens was the one to run from the police should he be caught. It was Stevens that did all the heavy lifting, getting the merchandise and handling any sorts of conflicts. If Louis were being honest, Henry Davidson had been a genius with his planning. Stevens would never rat him out and so he would go down alone should they ever be caught. As Louis was running from Stevens now though, he wasn't admitting to Davidson's genius. Not at all. He was cursing his ruthlessness and heavy hand of control. Louis had been stupid, having decided, earlier that day, that he wanted to get bread for dinner that night. Unfortunately, this week, the only venue selling bread nearby was on the street Davidson had claimed as his own. This doesn't necessarily stop him from stealing there though, as Davidson wasn't a fool. No, should one want to venture there for products, they had to pay a fee. Either in the form of money into Henry's open hands or by giving up half of their loot to the boy. Louis, however, had no money and half a loaf of bread wouldn't be enough to bring home anyway, making the trip useless, and so he had gone anyway, narrowly avoiding the two boys. He had been caught by them leaving with his bread though and so here he was, running. He ran hard, turning down an alley filled with boxes. Before he could start cursing though he saw an escape and crossed his fingers though. Jumping onto a box crate, he ran across a closed lid of a dumpster and heaved himself over the metal gate at the back of the alley, landing hard onto the ground, feet stinging from the impact. He tossed a grin back at Stevens, who was cursing, not being lithe enough to do what LOuis had, and turned another corner- Only to run into Jesse Marks. Jesse had moved to Paris with his older brother six months ago and had quickly befriended Jeremy and Henry. In a sense, the boy was just another form of muscles, though not as skilled as Stevens, he was faster and knew how to handle a knife. A knife, which he had in his hand now. Behind the ratty looking boy was Davidson, who was smirking, leaned up against a building, had concealing his eyes in its shadow. Hearing a thump behind him, Louis's head snapped around to see Stevens, who was brushing his knees and grumbling. He may not have been lithe, but that hadn't apparently stopped the boy from trying and, eventually, succeeding. " Well, well, well," drawled Davidson, stepping forward into the light from the streetlight on the nearest corner. "If it isn't our little friend Thompson." " Henry." He uttered back simply, shifting his back so that he could face all three of them at once. Stevens was to his left, blocking that exit, and Jesse was to his right, blocking the other. Henry was roughly in the middle, edging towards the right a little so that he couldn't slip through. Not that Henry's placement mattered. Now, ahead was the metal gate with no way of jumping over. He eyed the small knife in Jesse's hand, with the boy's fingers wrapped over it firmly. " Thought you could get away?" Smirked Davidson, edging just a little closer to him. "Without saying goodbye? How rude." Louis tossed him a friendly smile that was out of place, given the circumstances. "Oh you know me, Henry dear. They don't teach us street rats and orphans manners. Shame, really." " Yes, quite." Henry cut in. "How about a quick lesson now? Pay up or I'll show you what happens to thieves." Louis pursed his lips and tilted his head as if he were considering it. "You'll cut off my hand? Isn't that a little too French Revolution for you, Henry, dear? Not proper taste, at all!" " Such a smartass. Very well then. Stevens. Marks." The first punch came to his abdomen. The next to his face. He went home that night without any bread and a face full of bruises and cuts. He went back to the same street the very next day, pockets empty. Harry pressed his head back into his pillow, shifting his body more into the warmth of his bed. He didn't want to get up yet, even though he knew he had too. Odds are, it was already lunch time. He was at Potter Manor, the main family home for his ancestors, and had been so for almost two weeks now. It had been three weeks since his first year of Hogwarts had ended, three weeks since he had first officially met Lord Voldemort and saved the Stone with his friends, and during those three weeks, he had done much. When he had bid his friends goodbye, sending off well wished and "see you soon"'s, he had first taken the next train to Paris, France that Flitwick had set up for him. When he had arrived in Paris, much later and much more tired, he had paid for a cab to take him to the orphanage, to St. Joseph's, and went right inside. He had talked to the Matron and informed her that one of his friends from school was hoping he could spend the summer with them and that, in a weeks time, would be sending someone to fetch him, should she agree. She had, almost immediately, flashing a soft, tired smile. For that first week, he stayed mostly at the orphanage, listening to the younger boys prattle on about the previous Yule and how he missed some random donation and how happy the Matron was. Little Timmy had excitedly showed him his new bear, proudly presenting the soft, golden fur thing that had not a single tear or smudge. When the week was over, he had all of his bags packed and ready to go and had held back a laugh when the Matron questioned the nervous Gringotts employee. When she had released the poor boy, who later confided to him that he was just a trainee and was just told to "go along with whatever story was given", the pair of wizards had taken a portkey that immediately brought them to the front steps of the bank in England. It was after that trip that he came to Potter Manor, not just with his bags and Sanguini and Natasha but with a pouch full of money and papers explaining his banking statements and properties and such and a copy of his Ministry file, which had recently been updated to include him emancipation documents, signed and approved by the goblins themselves because, apparently, only they had to agree when it concerned the last heirs of a major family line. When he