Chapter 1 The sixth year. Harry Potter loved music. He loved the way each key stroked would send a warmth through him, coursing through his veins and engulfing his body, taking each system down one at a time. The notes would rush over his skin, not quite touching him but burning him nonetheless. The sound of each melody, intertwining with its long lasting dance partner of harmony, made him rejoice. His toes would curl at the ends, digging into whatever surface they were currently settled upon. His hands would claw out, aching to touch, to feel, to taste the gentle breeze of music directly from the source itself. It gave him an ecstasy, one that he had never been able to recuperate with any other idea. It was intoxicating and numbing and he craved the sense of relief he would gain by brushing his hands over the delicate chords of string. To be able to hear music was a gift that young Harry saw as priceless. To be able to live, live as a human being when such a thing should be impossible, was truly astounding. To hear and feel and see and smell and just sense the things that they did was phenomenal. Knowing that one day he would be gone from this earth, to be replaced by people that will one day too join the circle by dying and being replaced, was a marvel to see. To have the opportunity to be where he was was truly mind blowing for Harry Potter had the gift of living and he sought to never lose that gift. Why would he wish to lose it when there was so much to see, to do, to hear? Life itself was a glorious crash and fall of crescendos. Full of cymbals clinging together, clashing with a hiss of metal. Full of the graceful lull of sleep and the heavy humming that such an activity brought about in one's ears. You could hear the sound of the wind, whipping and licking your face as it sought to kiss anything and everything it could reach with its lips. You could hear the gentle flapping of a bird's wings, the deep swallow of food as a dog sought out comfort, the rushing of a stream, breaking against mounds of rock. The world they lived in was never truly silent and the sound of it all was music to his ears and Harry Potter loved it. He loved music. He never wanted to stop listening. It was with a heavy heart that Harry realized where he was. He could hear the gusts of wind, whipping about his body, teasing his clothes with their heavy hands. Hear the sound of branches moving, grazing others. Hear leaves rustling and falling. He could feel the warmth of the sun upon his neck, though he could not see it. Feel the grass that stretched almost all the way up his leg, brushing up against him with a twinge of roughness. He could smell the scent of pine, knowing that trees were near. Smell the vague sense of air and water and just earth, knowing that while no one else might classify such senses as so, he did and would forever do. Upon opening his eyes, Harry saw trees lining the field that he was standing on. Pine trees just as he thought. He lifted his hand, dragging it through the grass -it itching and biting at his skin the whole way. Upon inspecting his feet, he saw that he was barefoot and proceeded to curl his toes into the rich, red mud that rested beneath them. His pale skin was marred with the soil. The wind was causing the trees to sway in an elegant dance, each looking as if they and their closest partner had been doing just this for years, decades even. Perhaps centuries. It rushed through his ears and out his mouth. His black hair whipped about him, slapping him in the face each time he tried to do so. It was not just the rustling of the leaves that Harry heard though. No it was not it indeed for Harry also heard something else. A woman. Calling his name. Maybe he should label it as calling though. His voice lifted just barely above the wind. It came out soft and gentle; hesitant and yet not. The mane seemed to roll off her tongue and play wicked;y with nature as it danced and frolicked about on its way to his ear. It was carried across the field he was in as if it were a feather being strung through hair. It was both a praise and a summon, as if the name -his name- was the most beautiful thing in the world, as if the owner to this voice wanted nothing more than to hear him. To see him. To touch him. This voice filled him with a great warmth and in that moment Harry Potter knew what love was and he ignored the fact that that sense of fulfillment would vanish soon, as it did all the other times he had this dream, and that he would forget the feeling as soon as his eyes fluttered back open. To him, this dream never happened. It was not real and unfortunately for him that was exactly the case. The dream was not real. But that didn't stop him from feeling the way he did at the moment. His eyes searched frantically about him for the source of such a lovely, musical voice. They traced along the edge of the forest that stretched around him at the base of the treeline. They bore deeply into the sky, pondering the thought of an angel being sent to him (for really the voice was just that good). They raked through the tall grass, searching perhaps for someone that was being concealed from him. No matter where he looked though, Harry could not see anyone. He could not find them. " Harry . . ." the voice repeated, louder this time. He perked up a bit, knowing the phrase would be repeated and that he would be able to focus on its direction. Indeed, his name was repeated and his eyes travelled over to the area that he pinpointed, his ears supporting the observation as his name reached him once more. It was coming from the trees. He made his way over there, the grass slapping at his lithe little body as he jumped above and through it, not quite accomplishing either action. Mud clung to the bottom of his feet as they digged into the earth and he was surprised to feel the warm wind brush up against his skin, wrapping and hugging him in a firm embrace. He could not see the women but he knew without a doubt that he needed to reach her, to find her, to talk to her. He needed her. When he reached the forest, he came to a sharp halt. Once again his feet dug into the ground and once again he was dirtied but Harry didn't mind it. In fact, he barely registered it. His eyes roamed the land, trying to see someone but finding no one. He tilted his head in all sorts of direction, peering around the heavy trunks of trees and peeking through leaves and spying the ground for a sight of feet or cloth. However, he found nothing, and deciding that he could risk it, ventured into the forest. There was no sound save the soft crush of sticks and leaves beneath his weight. Not a single owl hooted or a cricket chirp. There was no rustling of hooves or swishing of fish. It was just him and he loved it. Craved it. As he ventured deeper into the thicket, harry noticed the world around him darken and erupt into noise. If one focused hard enough, and it really was hard, they could make out the sound of a mouse scurrying through the trees and the grass and the soft thump of another's heart, for he had already been hearing his own. The scent of pine wafted to his nose once more, much stronger now as he was standing right next to the source. It was intoxicating and overwhelming. When he focused more upon the smell though, Harry realized that pine wasn't the only scent there. His face turned up and a pleased smile tugged at his lips as he caught a hint of it once more, cupping his face with warm hands. Vanilla. Harry didn't know what it was about the smell of vanilla that made him smile. He didn't know anyone that favored it. His aunt preferred lavendar and his teacher for the year always smelt like crayons and coconuts. Perhaps it was just the fact that his aunt didn't use it that made Harry smile. He associated the smell with warmth and love. Safety. Home. The sound of wood snapping had Harry forgetting his thoughts, whipping his head around to the direction of the sound. What he saw nearly caught his breath. He could barely see her. At first, Harry thought he was imagining her, but then the air was pierced by a quiet, muffled giggle. Behind a tree that was about ten, twenty feet to his right was a girl. Well actually it was a women, he noticed, correcting his thoughts. She was peaking out behind the tree's massive trunk, one of her hands digging into the bark and holding onto it as if it were something cuddly. Harry glanced down and noted with a pleased smile that she was barefoot, just like he was. That thought made him feel very warm inside, as if he had just had a mug of hot chocolate. She was wearing a pair of grey shorts that hugged her legs down to her knees. A baggy white v-neck hung comfortably on her shoulders. Freckles danced on her refreshingly pale skin, spotting her cheeks, making her appear sun kissed. She had the most beautiful hair; hair that went all the way down to her waist in dark red, fiery waves. He could see the color of her eyes, for they were too far away, but he felt them boring into his own face, inspecting his own physique. With a look down at himself, Harry blushed in embarrassment. There was nothing good for her to see. If Harry had to guess, he would say the women was someone in their late teens. She really was beautiful. They stared at each other for what felt like hours, or at least it felt like that for Harry. He supposed that they very well could have stared at each other for hours since he knew he was dreaming and that he slept for roughly five hours. There was no reason to not do it. Harry wanted nothing more than to watch her. He never wanted to forget her face. However, he wasn't allowed to do that for once more a giggle escaped her, breaking the silence, and the girl turned away, running deeper into the forest. Her hair whipped behind her, swimming in the wind as she gained speed. Harry's eyes widened in surprised as he jolted forward. " Hey wait!" He yelled, his voice coming out raspy from lack of use. His feet dug into the ground as he wove his way around the trees, his eyes tracking her form as he tried to keep up with her. He didn't know why but Harry felt that something bad would happen if he lost her and he really didn't want to lose her. He liked her. She felt safe. The girl ran fast. Her legs jumped gracefully over fallen branches and giant rocks that popped out of the grass. She barely touched the moss that covered patches of the area. She splashed through a river that split the forest in half and it was here that Harry paused for just on the opposite side