Disclaimer: If I owned 'Harry Potter' I'd be posting this from a yacht. All rights to J.K. Rowling. PART 1 Nineteen Years Later Sunlight warmed the side of the scarlet steam engine as it winded through the English countryside and Dominique Weasley flipped absentmindedly through the pages of Quidditch Today as she watched it roll by. On the opposite seat Lysander Scamander reached for the pile of Cauldron Cakes amassed between them, startling as the compartment door flew open. James Potter burst in with a gusto. "Weasley, can you tell your sister to keep the public snogging to a minimum?" He plopped himself down dramatically next to Lysander. "My eyes can't un-see what has just been seen…" "Trust me, Potter, I'm not endorsing any of it," Dominique promised wryly. James leaned over and snatched the Cauldron Cake Lysander was about to grab, ignoring his friend's protests and a contemplative shade taking over his face as he went on, voice muffled by the chunk of cake he was talking through. "I suppose though if they get hitched Teddy will legally become our cousin though, hey – you're brother, even better!" "Isn't he practically part of your family already?" Lysander asked. "Well yeah, but it'll be official," James answered. He had a glint in his eyes that Dominique had come to equate with trouble and she had a slight inkling that very soon poor Teddy Lupin would be bombarded with James' demands that he immediately marry Dominique's sister. "It'll be great as long as they stop snogging all the time." Lysander shared a silent look with her and her mouth spread to a grin. It was such a James statement – marry but don't show any affection, it'll be great. Sometimes she couldn't believe the stuff that came pouring out of her cousin and, she'd only begrudgingly admit, best friend's mouth. "Speaking of brothers, have you let poor Al of the hook?" Dominique asked. "What are you going to do if he actually does end up in Slytherin?" James began to say something about how brotherly teasing was a good character building experience but was interrupted as the compartment door slid open and none other than the Head Girl herself glided in, shiny badge pinned to her Ravenclaw robes. Victoire was essentially Fleur's younger, less French doppelgänger. She'd inherited their mother's sheet of long hair, clear blue eyes and willowy figure. Louis too had a veela-ish elegance to his high cheekbones and platinum blonde locks. Dominique, on the other hand, was decidedly more Weasley-ish. "Well if it isn't the bride-to-be herself," James said, glancing at her with a mix of amusement and mild disgust. "No offence, Vic, but I hope to never see that sort of face-eating again for as long as I live." "No offence, James, but I'll be concerned with your opinions about my kissing when you've actually kissed someone yourself," Victoire joked but a troubled expression graced her delicate features. James blushed scarlet and muttered something about not broadcasting his romantic escapades to the world. Dominique reminded him that he couldn't broadcast what didn't exist. "Either way, you'll want to see this," Victoire said, gently tossing the latest edition of the Daily Prophet onto Dominique's lap. Imposing block letters darted out on the front page. MINISTER OF MAGIC HERMIONE GRANGER OPPOSES TRI-WIZARD TOURNAMENT REVIVAL; INTERNATIONAL FEDERATION OF WIZARD'S PLANS MOVE FORWARD "You're joking," Dominique said in disbelief. "I thought for sure after Krum's testimony they'd cancel it!" "I guess this means they'll call up dad to testify next," James said, grabbing the newspaper. The looming shadow of the Tri-Wizard Tournament had been casting itself over the various Weasley and Potter households for the last several months. Led by the International Federation of Wizards in a bid to mend relations coming out of the last Wizarding War, the British Ministry of Magic had been seeking to revive the infamous tournament. Expectedly, almost everyone who'd been involved the first time round had been fighting the move, none more so than the three surviving contestants. Dominique personally thought the whole thing was insane - she might've been a Gryffindor but she wasn't a moron. "Well the principles of the whole thing aren't that bad, international co-operation and bonds, celebration of the education system," Lysander murmured, eyes scanning the article over James' shoulder. Dominique snorted. "Except for the part where it's a tournament of death, you mean?" "Come off it, Dom, it's not that bad of an idea. Could be fun even," James said wistfully and Dominique could tell her cousin's head was swimming with visions of victoriously clasping the glittering Tri-Wizard Cup. So much for Gryffindors not being morons... "You," Dominique said, grabbing another Cauldron Cake and tossing the wrapper atop the heaped pile, "are barking." Victoire eyed the growing mound worriedly, looking incredibly like their mother. "You'd better slow down on those, Dom, you'll give yourself a stomach ache." James muttered something sounding suspiciously close to 'would serve her right.' After a moment he tossed the newspaper aside and leant back against the cushioned seat, propping his legs up lazily. "I don't reckon it's a half bad idea - bring it back, put a positive spin on it, that sort of thing." "A kid died last time. Not exactly the sort of thing you can put a positive spin on," Dominique reminded him. "Kids died lots of ways back then," Victoire murmured. A heavy silence fell over the compartment. The war was a sensitive subject in their family and despite the emphasis the media put on them as the saviours of the Wizarding World none of their parents spoke much about the days of the Order of the Phoenix and Dumbledore's Army. You'd think being the kids of war heroes they'd have inside knowledge on Voldemort's fall but, fortunately or not, Dominique and her cousins were as much in the dark as the irritatingly persistent reporters, with their speculations and wild rumours, about the details of the whole thing. The contemplative moment was broken when Victoire made to leave for patrols, glancing towards the darkening sky as she did and reminding them to change into their uniforms. As they neared Hogwarts talk, in typical fashion, turned to Quidditch and before long James whipped out his 'playbook' - a concrete symbol of his obsession with one day captaining the Gryffindor Quidditch team. Lysander was comparing the diving tactics of Samuel 'Freefall' Franklin and Timmy 'The Tank' Petrov, Dominique offhandedly mentioning that back when her parents thought she was going to be boy they'd planned on naming her Sam, when James let out a triumphant cry. He'd been trawling through the battered notebook trying to find a complicated sounding manoeuvre for the last half hour. About halfway through his animated description Dominique's stomach began to squirm uncomfortably. She could feel the vibrations of the train as she leant her head against the compartment window. "…and then you just aim the bludger directly at the quaffle so it knocks it off course and your chasers have a free shot!" he finished, sounding pleased. Dominique hadn't heard the majority of the explanation, too busy trying to pacify the rolling of her stomach. James was looking at her expectantly. "Yeah, yeah a bludger," she managed, "what do we need one of those for if we can just use your thick head?" "I take offense to that," James said dryly. "You're supposed to." Dominque jumped up as the train lurched over a particularly rickety piece of track. "I think I'm going to throw up," she said, grabbing the overhead luggage rail for support. Both boys automatically recoiled and as if in response her stomach churned violently. "Could you not do it in here?" Lysander asked warily, one hand unconsciously covering the remainder of their Cauldron Cakes. Dominique struggled towards the door. "No, Ly, I was planning on staying here and puking my guts out all over your nicely packed trunk. I'm going to go keel over the toilet and die, I ask you both to remember me as I was – young, carefree, generous, an incredible chaser-" "Modest…" Lysander rolled his eyes. James suddenly stood up and grabbed his bag, making to follow her. Dominique shot him a questioning look and he shrugged. "What? I need to go that way anyway." "I guess I'll just sit here alone then…" Lysander's voice faded as the door closed with a click behind them. Weaving down the thin corridor Dominique's eyes trailed over the compartments, seeing her dozens of cousins and siblings dotted about the train. She quite literally ran into one about midway down, clasping her belly as it rebelled when Louis rammed into her with a characteristic thud. Head perpetually stuck in a book, her younger brother was remarkably prone to bumping into things wherever he went, chairs, school trunks, small children. Today's distractor was a dusty looking book titled 'Voiceless – an Unspeakable Speaks Out.' He frowned, expression confused and apparently unaware of the minor collision before he finally noticed her. He must have shins of steel , she thought enviously. Those would come in handy during Quidditch season… "Sorry Dom," he apologised, steadying her. "Are you alright, you look like you're about to be sick." "She is – apparently it's going to be quite the spectacle, I was promised 'keeling over and dying'," James said helpfully. Dominique's eyes narrowed. "Watch it, Potter, or I might aim for you ." James cheerfully shrugged but his face screwed up comically as a harsh chirping strained over their ears. "It sounds like somebody's owl is dying." Dominique was just thankful that the strange noise was not, in fact, an illness invoked delusion. "Being strangled, more like…" Making to put distance between themselves and the unfortunate screeching, Dominique watched over her shoulder as Louis retreated, reopened the book, moved forward and bumped into a heavy trunk, still unaware. It was like watching a one-man bumper car rally. One of these days he was going to wander straight off a cliff. Dominique shook her head with a sigh before continuing on. Night enveloped the train but the moon hadn't yet reached the sky when Dominique discovered James' motives in tagging along. She realised as he zeroed in on his target that it wasn't to help his dying cousin in need. Tyler Tran, James' long-time crush, was surrounded by a group of friends, chatting easily in an open compartment when her cousin stopped suddenly causing Dominique to walk straight into his back. She began to tell him off for disturbing her already volatile stomach when he loudly shushed her, waving a frantic hand. "Did you hear my name?" He visibly strained his ears. "I heard my name!" "James, I'm about to throw up on your back if you don't get to the point." "You go ahead, I'm going to stick around for a bit," James said absently, already reaching into his backpack. Dominique had no doubt that he was rummaging around for his father's invisibility cloak to, yet again, stick his nose where it didn't belong. If she didn't rely on it just as much Dominique would question the wisdom of her uncle Harry letting his adolescent son mosey around with free reign of the thing. Now alone and fully able to appreciate the churning of her stomach Dominique clutched her way to the girl's bathroom at the back of the train. Knocked into by a seemingly invisible force for what felt like the hundredth time that day Dominique hissed after James, undoubtedly covered in the cloak, to watch where he was going before collapsing through the lavatory door and lurching towards the toilet. Once she'd well and truly heaved herself to exhaustion she rested her head on her forearm and listened to the deceptively calming sound of the train rolling down the track below. Bloody Cauldron Cakes… Finally dragging herself up, Dominique staggered towards the sink, halting when she noticed something glistening in the basin. Picking it up gingerly she realised