Title: Hearts Veiled (For the LegolasAragornSlash yahoo!group August Fic-a-Thon) Written for Bailey and since it was her birthday yesterday I sincerely hope she likes this.  Author: Soar Archive: Sure, but ask please, also at my website and LJ Rating: R Request/Warnings: AU, Mpreg, angst, could be dark, hurt/comfort, just about anything that doesn't involve Dwarves in the mix(sexually speaking)or objects used as phalluses. Disclaimer: Tolkien invented these wonderful characters for me to play with, but I make no profit from doing so. Summary: An incident at Edoras has the potential to either bring Aragorn and Legolas together, or drive them apart forever. The battle for Helm's Deep was over. A long, winding procession of survivors had slowly made their way back to Edoras, many of the homeless and bereaved being taken in by others, still more sleeping in the mighty Halls of Meduseld themselves. But not everything was as bleak as it appeared to be. An undercurrent of triumph over adversity ran through the people of Rohan, their strength and solidarity visible proof to the dark lord that they had not, and would not, be defeated and cowed. After many days of preparation, men hunting scarce game and women scrounging for whatever they could find, a victory feast was held, to pay respect to those who had fallen in defence of their people and to celebrate the life that remained. Eowyn, niece of Theoden King, carefully carried a small goblet of ale in her hands, wary of the boisterous men who almost careened into her, but she paid their antics no mind, they had earned the right to be so free with themselves, as she was hoping someone else would be after this drink. "Westu, Aragorn, hál," she greeted softly as she approached the object of her desire. She handed him the small goblet and with a smile, Aragorn drank. He then handed the goblet back to her and Eowyn hid a triumphant grin as she saw that the goblet had been drained. A sudden prickling of her senses made her look around and her eyes met the bright orbs of the elf. He was watching carefully, a frown set upon his fair face, a frown that deepened as Aragorn stumbled suddenly. Turning her attention quickly back to Aragorn, Eowyn saw that the man did not look at all well. He was flushed and sweat had formed on his brow. A hand grasping her arm tightly, startled her and she was taken aback to find the elf now at her side. He snatched the goblet from her other hand and brought it up to his nose, sniffing at the contents. He put his finger inside the goblet and transferred some of the droplets to his skin. Then he raised the fingers to his mouth to taste the liquid. His eyes widened suddenly and with a grimace he spat the moisture from his mouth. "Stupid girl," he ground out furiously. "Were you never taught to be careful to whom you give heartfruit juice? It reacts badly to those with elvish blood." Eowyn was bewildered. "I… I am sorry, but Lord Aragorn is human," she objected. "He is Numenorean," Legolas corrected, his flaring nostrils making his contempt of her obvious. "His bloodline was once connected with the race of elves and some of that potent blood lingers still. What did you hope to gain from drugging him?" Legolas was furious. "I had hoped to make him look at me favorably," Eowyn admitted, suddenly feeling like the stupid girl Legolas had proclaimed her to be. "I wonder at times why I joined this quest. To ensure the safety of the human world means nothing if they are not worth saving," Legolas said coldly and spun away from Eowyn, effectively ignoring her as he turned his attention towards Aragorn. "Come, my friend, you look tired. Let us retire and sleep away our weariness," he said softly to the drugged man, who was blinking slowly in confusion. Legolas took hold of Aragorn's arm and they turned together, to head towards the private chamber they had been given. Eowyn saw something then, something in the way Legolas was looking at Aragorn. "You want him for yourself," she declared in shock. The shock quickly turned to anger. "You lust after him as I do, that makes you no better than me, worse, since I am of noble blood," she stated self-righteously. Legolas turned icy eyes upon her and Eowyn shivered as they seemed to penetrate her soul. "It is not I who drugged him," Legolas said, his tone as frosty as a wintry dawn, not finding her worthy of correction. Then he continued on with Aragorn and left the hall. Legolas made his way to the bedchamber with some difficulty, Aragorn reeling all over the place as the elf attempted to guide them, but eventually, they reached their destination and Legolas escorted Aragorn over to the large bed in the centre of the room. It was one of the guest rooms for visiting dignitaries and Legolas had pressed Aragorn into accepting Théoden's generous offer of privacy and, knowing Legolas' disposition towards large groups of humans, Aragorn had invited Legolas to share the room with him. Legolas helped Aragorn over to the bed, seating the man and checking his brow for signs of fever. Aragorn's temperature was slightly elevated, but not dangerously so. He tilted Aragorn's face and, using a candle that he had lit, checked the man's pupil response to light. A strange flicker in Aragorn's eyes as he watched him disconcerted Legolas momentarily, but he shrugged aside his vague uneasiness. Instead, he walked back to the door to ensure it was locked to prevent anyone from disturbing them. He turned back to face the bedroom and stumbled in surprise, Aragorn was now standing only a foot away from him. Legolas looked at the man in confusion, there was a strange glitter in Aragorn's silver eyes and his body seemed tense and alert. Admonishing himself for feeling uneasy in Aragorn's presence, Legolas forced himself to take a step forward. "Aragorn, you really should…" his words trailed off suddenly as Aragorn moved quickly forward, backing Legolas into the door. "Aragorn, what are you…?" Aragorn's mouth took sudden possession of Legolas', the force of the kiss bruising the elf's mouth and making him gasp in surprise. Aragorn quickly took advantage, thrusting his tongue forward, invading and conquering. Legolas moaned into the kiss as a small flame lit within his being, slowly building in intensity as Aragorn's hand wandered across his body, feeling, testing, stroking, caressing. He whimpered softly as Aragorn's mouth finally left his own, but then yelped as Aragorn grabbed him and pulled him towards the large bed. His strength surprised Legolas, who tried to protest and stop his forward momentum. It proved futile, though, as, with one strong push, Legolas felt himself propelled through the air before landing on the soft mattress, his breath leaving him suddenly with the force of the impact. There was no time to recover, though, as Aragorn was suddenly on him, the full weight of the man straddling his waist, calloused hands holding down his wrists and something hard pressing against his stomach. Legolas stilled. "Aragorn, no, we cannot do this," he said, his earlier uneasiness returning, and he struggled against Aragorn's restraining weight. Aragorn ignored his objections, leaning down to nuzzle against Legolas' throat. "Aragorn, please, I do not wish this." In response Aragorn transferred his grasp of Legolas' wrists to one hand, using the other to dexterously begin removing the elf's clothes. Legolas' struggles intensified, causing Aragorn to growl at him in admonishment. Legolas froze in surprise, for Aragorn's response had seemed almost feral. He had heard of those with elvish blood having effects akin to food poisoning after consuming the heartfruit juice, but never had he heard of it doing this. It was almost intensifying what the natural effects of the juice should be and, suddenly, Legolas felt that he was in some danger, both of losing his virtue and of having his heart broken. Aragorn had long held a special place in his heart. From the time of their initial meeting, Aragorn had fascinated him, this almost perfect blend of human instinct mixed with elvish upbringing. It gave Aragorn an air of gracefully repressed power, at times almost seeming more animal than human to Legolas, a stalking panther perhaps; dark, beautiful, lean, graceful and yet, still deadly. Legolas knew that in his right mind, Aragorn would never have attempted anything like this. The human had not even seemed to like Legolas in any way other than that of friendship and brotherhood, unlike Legolas' own secret longings. The man was even rumoured to be betrothed to Arwen, daughter of Elrond. He was desperate to prevent the man from committing this act, knowing that the consequences would affect more than just their relationship. Aragorn growled once more, obviously unhappy with Legolas' struggling, and he reached out for a piece of the rope hanging from the side of an old tapestry, at the head of the bed. With seemingly little effort, he flipped Legolas onto his stomach and pulled the elf's arms above his head, restraining them quickly. Legolas bucked furiously as he felt hands at his waist, taking hold of his leggings and pulling them down, baring his skin to the world. Strong hands cupped the rounded globes of flesh on display, kneading them, worshipping them with every small caress and, against his will, Legolas felt a surge of arousal flare through him. "Aragorn, please," Legolas tried again. He yelped as Aragorn bit into one soft cheek, not hard enough to break the skin, but certainly enough to leave a mark. "Mine!" Aragorn growled, the first word he'd spoken since he'd drunk Eowyn's offering and Legolas shivered at the possessive nature of the tone. He was surprised yet again as Aragorn slithered down his body, the man's weight resting across his legs and effectively halting their movement. Hands were then at his buttocks, gently pulling them apart and Legolas almost shrieked with shock as something hot and wet begin to lick over the entrance to his body, gently pressing into the puckered hole with each pass. He could not withhold a moan as the tongue began to push further into his body, the limber muscle flicking inside, stretching him and taunting him with its inability to drive any deeper and Legolas found himself pushing back against that pressure, knowing it was wrong and yet wanting so much more. He mewled in disappointment as his hole was suddenly abandoned, but did not protest as Aragorn turned him onto his back. With obvious enjoyment, Aragorn set about exploring Legolas' body with his hands and tongue, tasting and sniffing his way along the long, pale, elven body. When he came to the root of Legolas' desire, he curiously nudged at it with his nose, inhaling loudly, memorizing the scent of his mate. Above him, Legolas groaned, his hands twisting in their restraints as his body hardened in response to the man's actions. Pleased with himself, Aragorn gave a satisfied purr and then took Legolas into his mouth. Legolas bucked upwards instinctively, seeking to bury himself in the hot, wet heat that had suddenly engulfed him. With firm hands, though, Aragorn pressed his hips back into the mattress below, Legolas moaned as Aragorn began to suckle on him, causing his body to harden further in Aragorn's mouth. The secret longing he had felt for Aragorn became unfettered and Legolas allowed himself to soar on the wave of desire evoked by his friend. His body writhed as it sought purchase in order to thrust upwards, but Aragorn would allow him none, teasingly nipping at the swollen member as he gently released it from his mouth, and laughing at the petulant whine that escaped Legolas' lips. Aragorn was pleased with his mate. Legolas painted a wanton portrait as he lay across the bed, hands tied