If I may, I believe this is way overdue. Paul's P.O.V. "THERE SHE BLOWS!" Becca hollers at the top of her lungs at the waves crashing on the sand. She's drunk as fuck, but that hasn't stopped her from dragging me down to the beach with her. "Pass the damn bottle before you spill it all!" I shout, the laugh bubbling out of my throat. I refuse to believe I'm drunk. A tad tipsy, but not drunk. There's a pit barreling down into my stomach, but that doesn't mean I'm drunk. She takes another swig and passes it. The smooth neck almost slips out her grasp, but I catch it in time. I lift the bottle to my lips and relish the bubbles racing down my throat. Yes, I am definitely not drunk. I take another drag. Nope, not at all. "Burp!" "That was a hella of a wedding…" She sighs, her brown legs churning up wet sand. I don't know when or how really, but at some point between the reception and now, she's changed out of her long gown and into a shorter dress. Something designer, I guess. I don't know. I take another swig. "Yeah…" The waves are rushing to the shore and breaking on our legs. It's cold as fuck, but I don't mind the chill. I look across the water. The rain stopped a while ago and the sky is that mix of tumbled greys, extravagant oranges and hints of blue like it always is when it storms. I down the rest of the bottle. It's a nice ending to a great day. If only Jake was here with me. Where did he even go? He just disappeared after- "YEAH!" She suddenly screams in my ear and knocks me out of my thoughts. I push her away and she retaliates with a drunken stumble and an open hand smack to my chest that burns like all hell. "Oh hell no!" I She laughs and takes off running down the beach. I chase her ass down. "Wait, wait, wait! I was kidding, Paul, wait!" I heave her over my shoulder and dash into the water. "NO, STOP! PUT ME DOWN" She shouts hysterically. "If you insist!" I toss her into the air. She screams and falls flat on her ass just as the waves roll in, soaking her from head to toe. Her laughter dies down to a shivering shriek instantly. "FUCK!" She hops up and splashes water as she goes. "You play too fucking much!" "Ow, shit!" I cringe at the sudden stabbing pain. It's like fucking icicles digging into my skin! Fuck! "Mhm, that's what you get, asshole" She laughs again, pushing past me and plopping down in the sand, dress be damned. She wraps her arms around her lean frame. I shake off and drop down next to her. "Now, I know you packed at least ten more dresses" The sand is wet, but not soaked. "Don't play me like it's your only one" She rolls her eyes and pulls her knees close. "FYI, Airbud, I only packed three Gucci skirts, blouses and shoes, thank you!" She says matter-a-factly with a high note. "One step closer to being a Kardashian" I chuckle. "Fucking fiends" Her smiles lopsides. "As if…" We sit there for a moment as our smiles die. We're far enough from the water's edge so that the tides don't lap at our feet when it comes in, but close enough to feel the freezing spray on our skin when it does. There's a few seagulls riding the airwaves like professional surfers overhead. The air still has that humid charged feel to it, but it's cooled down a little since earlier. Like a humid chill. I don't know. She stares at the cloudy skies with its bleak splashes of grey and blue, to the sun still trying to make a comeback even though it's late in the day. It's pretty, but…I don't know. Something feels off about it, like it's not as serene as it should be, like it almost is too good to be true. Maybe it just needs to be warmer. Whatever. "Guess I'll enjoy it while it last" I mumble and lie back. I cross my arms behind my head and rest my eyes. Only a few seconds go by before the sand shifts beside me. "You awake?" There's a poke in my side that jolts the shit out of me. I crack a glaring eye. "No" She promptly rolls her eyes and breathes sharp and quick. "You think…" She chews on her lip and brushes the hair out of her face. Her bun is long gone. "You think if I stayed here, if I would have stayed here…we could have made it?" It knocks me completely off guard. There's a streak of seriousness in her eyes and across her mouth. "Uhm…" It feels weird even tumbling the thought around in my head. How do I even answer that? "I…I mean, I dunno. Why'd you ask that?" She shrugs and lays her head on her knees. "I don't know. Just thinking" Her voice is smaller now, childlike. I keep going. "I mean…I think we were just young then, you know? We didn't really know what we wanted" Her eyes find mine. "We both knew we wanted different things" I shrug and my eyes drop to the sand. "Exactly. I wanted to stay here to take care of my dad, you…" "I wanted New York…" She finishes. Things were rocky between us then. We argued every day about college and life after school and what would happen to us. In the end, we both chose. "And you got it, which is fine, you know?" I admit. "You got a full ride to NYU, internship, the apartment, everything you ever wanted…" "Yeah…" Her eyes stray. I chew on the inside of my cheek. "You know, I don't think or at least I don't remember if we've ever talked about this, but…I was okay with you leaving" She turns to me. "Yeah?" Her eyes are that same shade of caramel as her brother. I nod. "Yeah. I mean, of course it sucked for a little bit, I guess. We didn't talk for a while, which was hard and I felt like I was stuck here, with responsibilities and shit while you spun around in Times Square, but I got over it" She smiles briefly. "Everybody doesn't spin around in Times Square, you know…" She turns away again. "You could have always visited. I always told you that. I had the space and food and whatnot" "Yeah, I guess…" I close my eyes. "But Dad...I don't want to leave him by himself…" She's quiet for a little while. "He wouldn't be by himself, Paul. You can't let that be your excuse from seeing the world…" She says. "Don't assume you know everything, Becca" I want to say, but I bottle it up. A moment flies. "It's just so weird, now. We dated and ended and now three years later, you're with Jake, my baby brother…huh" She says. "You ever think about it that way?" Have I… "I've thought about it" I admit. "When it first happened and when I saw you, it crossed my mind, but I don't dwell on it. It's not important," I don't see why Sam made it such a big deal with Leah. "It doesn't bother me as you would think it would" "Because of the imprint, right?" I sigh. "Yeah" The hole in my stomach digs deeper and deeper. What the hell is wrong? A hiss tumbles from my mouth. "You alright?" She's looking down at me. "Yeah" I sit up. "Stomach's acting funny" She looks back out on the water. "Well, the food was really…good and filling…" She trails off and sits up. She cranes her neck. "You see that?" I look at her and see the way her eyes narrow. "What?" I follow her gaze. The waters are dark and a little rowdy, but I don't see anything out of the ordinary. I look back to her. "That right there" She points. I look again. "I don't…" Then I see it. Something's moving on top of the water. "The hell…?" "What is that…?" She stands to her feet. The pit in my gut keeps tugging at me. I climb to my feet. The waves further out toss and turn something big. It doesn't look like a shark or anything, but…what the hell…? She gasps suddenly. "Oh my God! It's a body!" She covers her mouth. "Oh my God!" I narrow my gaze. "Fuck" I can see it crystal clear, now. It's the body of a man flipped on his stomach, the waves rocking it in the water. There's a ripped white shirt…and russet colored skin…and… The earth freezes and Becca screams. "JACOB?!" Emmett's P.O.V. I head into the house with Alice right on my heels. "Emmett!" I ignore her as best as I can. I need to get out of here now. "What's wrong? Talk to me!" Maybe somewhere north. The Denali's? No, that'll be the first place everybody will look for me. "Emmett!" I run upstairs and his scent rocks me to the core. I pause at the door and close off my senses in order to maintain my sanity. I go in and rummage through the closet and pack a duffel. Maybe a week or two, I'm not sure. "Emmet-" She stops at the door and I can almost feel her face cohort in disgust. "Oh my…what-what happened, and Jesus, what is that smell?" I resist the urge to throw a glare her way as I maneuver around the room. I snatch on some clothes, despite the dirt and grime on my skin. She's holding my bag when I turn back to it. I reach for it and she holds it out my reach. "Alice, I am not in the mood for this!" I make a grab for it, but she snatches it out of the way. She looks on boldly. "Tell me what's going on with you, now" Her tone is stern. "… love you, to…Paul…" Fucking stop! I open my mouth to speak and nothing comes out. I lean against the far wall and rub my eyes to avoid looking at her. "I just…I need to go. I can't stay here anymore" "Why? What happened?" Her voice softens and she moves closer. "Just talk to me. What happened with you and R-" I breathe through my nose. "I'm not talking about that. I just, I need to leave now" I stand. "Give me my bag, please" I'm begging her. "Does this have something to do with Jacob?" She asks abruptly. His name breaks something inside of me that I just…I want to go look for him and cradle him in my arms and tell him I'm so- I reach for the bag and resist the pain in my gut. "Alice, give me my bag!" I feel it growing stronger, tugging on my soul. "Not until you talk to me" She replies. "Emmett" My jaw clenches. "Alice-" "No!" She shakes her head. "No. Look, I don't know what's going on with you or why you're suddenly acting like this. I've tried to see what's going to happen, but I can't and I don't know why!" Her eyes shimmer. "And now you and Rosalie are fighting like got damned animals and you and Jake-" "Just…" I drop my gaze and hold out my hand. "…give me my bag" I grind my teeth together. "Emmett, I-" "JUST GIVE ME MY…" I stop myself short. I look her in the eyes and for the first time, I see hurt looking back at me. It strikes shame in my heart. She looks down at the bag after a moment and hands it over. "Where will you go?" I take it from her hands. "I don't know, but I don't want you following me" I sling it on