Title: The Darkest Side of Me Author: AndiCullen104 Beta for this O/S: madmamabear Pairing: Embry/Bella Rated M for several reasons. Summary: She was like an addiction he just couldn't get enough of. Disclaimer: SM owns all things Twilight. A/N- This was my entry to Paws and Art 3.0. This is a O/S and can stand on its own BUT I did not put it as complete because there is a good chance that I will continue it. If you would like to see more, let me know! The dark gray wolf stood in the shadows of the forest as his piercing yellow eyes were trained on the girl who lay in the billowing grass reading. She was completely unaware of his presence. She threw her thick chestnut hair over her shoulder sending her tantalizing scent of cinnamon and spice toward the beast, who inhaled greedily. Mine, he thought. It was only luck that his brothers were not phased at the moment, because no one would approve of Embry watching over the little Swan. The pack had been told to stay away from her, because she was not an imprint and therefore an outsider. Embry huffed, not liking the way his Alpha treated the girl before him. Ever since he had laid eyes on Bella, he could not stop thinking of her. She was like an addiction he just couldn't get enough of. For now it seemed watching over her would give him his fix. The wolf inside him was strangely possessive toward the girl and was fiercely protective of her. It had taken all of his strength to keep from beating the shit out of that kid she worked with at the outfitters store. He didn't know his name and that was probably a good thing, otherwise he would have hunted the fool down and handed him his ass on a silver platter. A car pulled into the driveway and Embry knew that Bella's father had returned home from a long day of fishing. He watched Bella sit up quickly and gather her things before hurrying inside. He sighed as he could no longer see his beautiful Swan. Embry began the trek back home knowing he would come back when she was asleep to watch over her while she was vulnerable. He knew there was a bloodsucker hunting around the area and he wanted to make sure the bitch would never get within a mile of his Bella. The next day Embry found himself at the Forks Grocery Store as he wandered through the aisles making sure he went unseen from Bella. He knew about her bad luck from seeing the evidence in the mind of Jacob and he was not going to take any chances. Plus the opportunity to bask in her scent was too much to ignore for his wolf. The beast within wanted to relish in her presence. It was getting harder and harder to stay away from her. Embry was waiting for the perfect time to get close to Bella, but with each passing moment it never felt right. He also needed the time to learn how to control himself for the simple reason that she somehow brought out his animal side strongly. That could prove to be dangerous, at least that was what Sam always said. None of the other wolves had any problem dealing with their instincts, and Embry had been like that too. However, ever since he saw Bella, the day Jacob 'broke up' with her, he could not suppress that part of him. Everything about her brought out the darkest side of him. He never knew that he was capable of these intense emotions that were constantly storming within him. "Hey Bella," that nasally voice of the kid that just didn't know how to take a hint came from the other aisle. Embry circled around to be able to see the aisle where Bella was standing with the fool. His wolf didn't like the fact that another male was so close to her. The scent of the puny kid would be all over his Bella and Embry was having trouble holding in the warning growls that wanted to rip their way out of his throat. "Er... Hi Mike." Bella said shifting from foot to foot. "I was wondering if maybe you wanted to go out sometime. I mean ever since Cullen you haven't been out." He stepped closer to her. "Let me show you a good time." "Mike..." Embry could hear the uneasiness in her voice and stopped himself when he realized he was moving closer to her. "Come on, Bella. You'll like it and then you can stop teasing me." He spoke softly while gripping Bella's arm to pull her to him. It made his wolf go berserk when the idiot poacher touched what was his. Embry strode down the walkway with a lupine grace that it was as if he was gliding over the tiles of the floor. "Get your hand off of her, now." Embry hissed as he glared menacingly at the blonde boy. "Who the hell are you?" "Embry?" Bella seemed surprised that he was there. He rolled his shoulders and stood taller showing his superiority over the kid in instinct to make him feel inferior. "If you'd like to keep that arm I suggest you back off. You really don't want to test my patience, kid." Although Embry knew that he was younger than this asshole, he could easily pass as older due to his shape shifter's body. When he phased for the first time, he became the man and warrior the Spirits had chosen him to be. The knowledge of his wolf surpassed the years he had been alive, so no longer could he be called a kid. The boy stared at him blankly as if he could not comprehend simple English, so in a lightening fast move, Embry grabbed the arm that was on his Bella and twisted it behind the boy's back. "Come near her again and I won't be so nice." He whispered furiously in his ear before shoving him away. The prick scrambled away without glancing back at Embry or Bella. "Embry?" Her timid voice questioned. He gave a curt nod, but did not turn around as he tried to control his breathing. Embry felt worked up because he could still smell that kid on her and it was making it hard for him not to mark her in every way he could. Embry didn't think she would like giving a show to the other shoppers. Though if he had to admit, his wolf very much liked the idea of showing everyone she was his and his alone. "Are you okay?" A pale hand gently touched his bicep causing the muscle to bounce with the contact. He squeezed his eyes shut as he chanted, not here , in his head over and over again. Tonight then, the animal whispered in his mind. "I've got to go," he said through clenched teeth as he moved away causing her small hand to fall back to her side. "I'll come over tonight and we can talk, okay?" "Okay," she agreed. Embry knew she would be confused because he was too. He knew that he hadn't imprinted on her, so he didn't know what was causing this kind of reaction in him. Everything about her drove him mad with a passion that churned through his whole body. The instinct to mate and to bite made it almost impossible to be with her now. The control he had was dwindling down and so he quickly made his way out of the store to get fresh air. He needed to clear his head, but the scent of her spice still lingered on his body sending a shiver down his spine. Tonight. She would finally be his. He paced on her porch trying to ready himself to seeing her again. It would be rude to just attack her without at least trying to explain, but the animal inside him wanted to claim her. Maybe he waited too long so that he was now being ruled by the beast within. All it wanted was to take her in every position and all over the house marking every space with their combined scents. Then he wanted to take her to La Push and do it to his house so when he moves around his home all he'll be able to smell is their passion. After thoroughly fucking in his childhood home, he would then bring her around the pack. They would need to learn that she was his mate and she was to be treated with respect. Embry didn't know why his wolf demanded that she be treated better than the other imprints, because he wasn't in the top three wolves. It always pissed off his animal like no other knowing there were others ahead of him, but Embry just learned to tame the instinct to dominate when he was around his brothers. If there was Alpha blood in him, he wasn't aware, but if there was, that would explain everything, his dominant nature and his need to present Bella as their Alpha female. He somehow knew that she belonged in that position. He took in a deep breath of the night air before finally stopping his movements and tentatively knocked on her door. She was alone tonight due to her father working the night shift. Very convenient, he thought. The door swung open to reveal her wearing shorts that did not even reach mid thigh and a tank that clearly displayed she was not wearing a bra. If her puckered nipples were any clue, she was as ready for this encounter as he was. His dark eyes ran over the exposed skin hungrily, and a red flush heated her cheeks, making her scent even more delectable. "I didn't think you were coming, it's so late," she said snapping his attention back to her face. "Sorry about that," he said trying to control the part of him that lusted for her body. "Come on in," Bella stepped to the side allowing him entrance. They were seated in her living room and the silence stretched on awkwardly. Embry's fists were clenched as his nostrils flared taking in her scent that covered everything in the room, it was so thick, he could practically taste it. "So..." Bella started looking at him curiously. His eyes snapped to her and she gasped. "What?" Embry asked his voice rough with his tension. "You're eyes," she whispered. "What about them?" He asked titling his head in a lupine motion. "They're yellow," Bella swallowed loudly as his eyes were trained on her chocolate brown ones. "Bella, I'm going to say this once. If you don't want to then I'll leave and you don't ever have to hear from me again." "Okay," she responded still gazing at him intently. "I know this is going to sound bizarre, but, you must understand, I need you, Bella." Damn, how could he explain this to her when the darker part of him was slowly taking over control? There was no going back and he had so little time before he was lost completely to the animal. "I want you so fuckin' bad," he breathed, his golden orbs tracing over her form once more. Mate. Mine. Mate. Mine. Ours. Those thoughts were on repeat in his head and he didn't know how much longer he could hold out. "I don't have much time to explain." He opened his mouth to spill the secrets of his tribe, but his vocal chords didn't want to work with him. Sam's order. Fuck! Embry couldn't tell her anything! He wasn't able to get around the order that was placed on him. "Bella I can't explain." He gripped both of her hands in his. "I literally can't tell you, but I would if I could. Please trust me, I would." He paused. "I know that you don't really