Dynamic "In order to create there must be a dynamic force, and what force is more potent than love?" — Igor Stravinsky 1. SERIOUS ISSUES 2. CAUGHT GAWKING 3. PERSONAL STALKER 4. DIFFERENT 5. DOOM AND GLOOM 6. QUARRELSOME 7. THE EVENT 8. DISCLOSURE 9. SUFFOCATING 10. RADIOACTIVE 11. DEFINING 12. SOLITUDE ATTITUDE 13. DYNAMIC 14. THE THREAT 15. TEMPERS RISING 16. MIRRORS 17. GOOD AND BAD 18. UNAVOIDABLE 19. POSSIBILITIES 20. IMPULSE 21. CRAZE 22. DIRECTION 1. SERIOUS ISSUES MONDAYS AND I just weren't friends. We didn't mix well, and I hated all of them, to be honest. I hated how they were the first day of the week, and how it abruptly ended my two-day vacation. I'm usually always cranky when I wake up on Mondays, tired from doing my homework last minute on Sunday nights. I knew I could avoid being tired and sleepy the next day if I just did my homework on time. But I'm lazy as hell. I'd rather spend my two-day vacation on myself rather than on school related stuff. I have five days of school, and school doesn't need to take away time from my two "me" days. An alarm always brings me out of my dreams in the mornings when I have to go to school. I always have to convince myself to open my eyes, and pull my blanket away from my warm body. It's usually cold when I get out of bed, and my body yearns to go back to my soft, comforting bed, but then I remember school and how pissed my parents would be if I didn't go. My routines in the morning are dull; wake up my two brothers, get ready, feed the dog and make sure he has food and water until I get back, and then drag myself to school. I walk by myself, while my older brother takes my younger brother to the tribe's middle school. I refuse to ride with them. They're both cranky in the mornings, like me. And cranky people get more cranky around each other. I wrap my sweater tightly around my body, and walk quickly to school. I stare around like I usually do, not surprised at what greets my eyes because I always see it. It's fun to see something out of the ordinary, but then that gets ordinary, and the fun ends. La Push is interesting, if you're an optimistic person—not that I'm not—but yeah, I'm cranky right now, so I'm not optimistic at the moment. La Push has been my home for the my whole life. I'm half-Quileute, as are my brothers. My mom's a full-blooded Quileute, but my dad's an outsider—a pale face. They both decided to stay here, in my mom's home, and to create a life together. My dad's a chef in a restaurant in Forks, while my mom sells stuff from magazines and occasionally babysits—rather annoying kids she gets sometimes. When my eyes meet La Push High school, I sigh in relief and see my breath turn to mist. I sigh again, just to see my breath turn to mist once more, before turning back to my dull school. It didn't look like a High School. It looked more like houses being jammed together. It was a Tribal school, but I preferred to call it High School. Made me feel better, somehow. I knew everyone here—not personally, but by seeing their face and giving them a name. Like that girl with a mole beneath her mouth who happened to be applying make-up on; that's Elena Castle. Popular, loved by many. Hated by me. Jacob likes her, therefore I hate her. The name Jacob makes a head pop into my head, showing his cheerful face, and infectious wide grin. He was the most handsome boy ever—in my opinion, at least. He was this boy who could make you happy just by seeing him smile. I loved the way he never really got upset by many things, and how he was always helpful, and he was never mean or conceited—he had a sweet, caring, happy-go-lucky personality. He didn't rub off the fact that he was the son of the Chief. He was tall, with long black hair, bright dark brown eyes, russet skin, and that friendly smile of his, placed on his always cheerful face. What wasn't there to love about him? Through the many faces in the tiny parking lot, I try to spot his bright face. I couldn't help it. That was probably the first thing I always did when I arrived to school, and if I did find him, my day would seem to brighten just a little bit, and a smile would appear on my face. His smile was that infectious. "Boo!" Somebody pushes me slightly, and I let out a startled yelp. It attracted many eyes to me, and I found myself blushing and looking away from their curious, surprised eyes. Instead, I glare at my smiling friend, who seemed to be laughing through her eyes. "How many times have I told you to not do that?" I asked angrily, clenching my jaws. "I hate it when you do that. It's annoying, and definitely not funny." "For me it is," she giggled. "Shut up, Daiane." I muttered under my breath. "I'm going to do that someday to you—see how much you like it." "I'd probably like it, grumpy." She pokes my side, causing another startled yelp to escape my mouth, but not as loud as the other one. "Stop that!" I hated it when people poked me, or sneaked behind me and tried to surprise me. I get jumpy. She rolled her eyes. Daiane was a morning person, unlike me. "So," she began, looking through the crowd of kids, "looking for Jacob, huh." It wasn't a question. She knew my routine. I nodded. The mere mentioning of his name made me feel a little happy. "Yup. The usual." The bell rang, causing me to clench my teeth. I didn't find Jacob. "Boo-hoo," Daiane mumbled, rolling her dark eyes when she saw my sulking face. "Life goes on." "I know," I muttered. "Hey, where's Lidia?" I had just realized my other friend wasn't here. Daiane sighed. "Beats me. She's the nerd—so she's probably inside school already." She sounded so sure, I believed her assumption. "Yep," I said. "Let's go, I don't want Ms. Birdie getting mad at us again for being late to class," I grumbled, walking quickly towards the entrance of the school, already seeing the other kids marching inside. Great. Just what I needed; pushes and shoves. Throughout my day, there was no sign of Jacob. The day was outright upsetting; I was assigned a lot of homework that was due the next day. It was if all the teachers had agreed on giving us a lot of homework just for their amusement. What the heck did they do with the homework, anyways? Did they just throw it away without even glancing at it, and give random grades to the students, while giving their favorite students the best of grades? "Awh, cheer up," Daiane said to me while we were walking towards our third period class. "You're too grumpy in the mornings, ya' know?" Lidia nodded beside me, rolling her eyes. "I know. And you call me grumpy." "That's because it's true—I'm only grumpy in the morning while you're always grumpy," I defended myself. "So, ha." "Hey!" Daiane suddenly said, startling me. "Remember Jacob is moving to our third Period!" I had forgotten. I smiled brightly. "Oh yeah! I bet you he only joined our History class because he wanted to see me," I said dreamily, grinning now. Both my friends giggled at my sudden change of mood. We entered third Period, our cheerful teacher, Mr. Wilkins, was writing stuff on the board. I peeked at it in interest but then Lidia elbowed me. I glared at her, but she only pointed to our right with a smile on her face, reminding me who had this class now. And there he was, laughing with his two best friends: Quil Ateara, and Embry Call. But I really didn't see Quil and Embry. My eyes were focused only on Jacob, who didn't seem to notice that I, Ana Martin, was gawking at him, like I always do. It was something I couldn't help from doing. It was his fault my eyes were always glued to him when we were in the same place. It was his fault he was so nice and kind, and cute. I had been too busy in staring at Jacob, that I hadn't noticed I was blocking the path for people to pass by to their seats. It wasn't until one, icy voice behind me made me look away from Jacob, and stare into the owner's eyes. My eyes met two pairs of—surprisingly—hazel eyes. I was momentarily shocked, staring into the eyes, before the guy spoke once more in a rude tone. "Get out of the way, will you?" the boy grumbled, glaring down at me. It took me a moment to realize Paul Lahote was talking to me. He seemed mad, which was stupid because. . . because there's no reason to be mad! "Stop staring at your little boyfriend, Jacob ," he sneered. My face was blazing, and I felt my eyes widen, and my mouth fell open in embarrassment. "H-he's not m-m-my boyfriend!" I stammered out, looking away from Paul. Through the humiliation—knowing almost everyone was staring at us know—anger began to bubble inside of me. My fist clenched and I found myself glaring at Paul. "So shut up." Paul smirked. "I see you have a back bone," he said dully. "Good for you." "I see you have some serious issues," I retorted back. "You freaking idiot!" The smirk on Paul's face was wiped out. A scowl replaced it, and his glare intensified. "I won't bother talking to someone like. . . you ," he spat. He turned away from me, and began to walk around the class room, the long way to his seat. I was left speechless. When he had said "you", he said it as though I wasn't even worth his time. It stung a little, and I could feel my throat start to tighten. But I wouldn't show him how much he'd affected me. He's an idiot, anyways. My eyes stung, but I willed myself to be brave. Be tough. Be cool. "You okay?" Lidia asked, suddenly beside me. All I could do was nod, not trusting my voice. My eyes flickered up to Mr. Wilkins. He was staring at Paul with a disappointed face, and sighed loudly. "That's not how you treat a lady, Paul. I think you need to apologize." I groaned internally. "Nope, I don't think so," Paul replied back, sounding like he was the boss, when he wasn't. "If you don't, Mr. Lahote, then you will be given detention for the rest of the week—I've let other encounters of your's with other students slide pass, but not this one. You treated Miss Martin rather rudely, and I can't accept this in my class. Apologize now, Mr. Lahote, and if you don't, it will be two weeks of detention." "Yeah, apologize Paul," Jacob said, sounding upset. I found myself looking up, my heart racing quickly. Was he standing up for me or something? Jacob was staring at Paul, with narrowed eyes. He had his back to me, but the thought was all that counted, wasn't it? Sighing, I stared at Paul, too, and saw him thinking hard, his forehead creasing. "Well," he said, "I guess I have no options, do I? Not when Miss Martin 's boyfriend is telling me to?" he sneered, his eyes flickering to Jacob, then to me. I glared back at him, my face turning hot again. Then Jacob spoke. "She's just a friend," he cleared up. He twisted his body to stare at me, a brief smile was directed at