FromThe Inside Bella walked into the school cafeteria, her eyes automatically finding her regular lunch table. A group of 3 guys and 2 girls sat around; crowding the table. Balancing her tray on one hand, she glided over to the table placing herself in between both girls. Her waist-length dark mahogany hair and deep chestnut eyes stood out amongst her creamy pale skin. Her lips were full and a pale pink, and her teeth straight and white. (Long descriptions of everyone. So just skip down to the quotation marks if you want.) Her attire consisted of a tight white tank top with wide shoulder straps, and black and white army camouflage pants tied to her knees. Her black Phat Farms padded silently against the linoleum floor. Stephanie sat to her right, long blonde hair with natural brown streaks running down to her hips. Her body was slender and lithe, built like a cats'. Her skin was tanned a dark honey caramel color and her sparkling amethyst eyes peeked at the world through a thin pair of spectacles. Her lips were full and colored a similar pink to Bella's. She wore a thin, gray knit sweater with the sleeves pushed up to her elbows, and her hair hidden in her hood; faded midnight blue cargo pants and gray and blue diamond pattern Converse. Riley had short, chin length black hair with bright neon purple streaks running through her hair; midnight blue eyes glaring up at the world. Her skin was pale, and stood out with the black sweatshirt and dark denim jeans. Randy had short, floppy black hair the tips dyed in an array of blue, purple, and slate gray. His piercing blue silver eyes shining mischievously. His semi tanned body shown in a black muscle shirt and long, baggy jeans. Elliot was muscular, and his black hair was styled into a short Mohawk, random red streaks shining through. His eyes were a deep cocoa brown. Tyler's brown hair was untouched and natural, chopped off slightly below his eyebrows; partially hiding his deep blue eyes. "What's everyone whispering and conspiring about this time?" Bella asked jokingly. Stephanie waved a hand freely, gesturing towards a table far off to the right. "The new kids. I think they're the Cullens. Damn, Bella. If you didn't know that, where have you been these past couple of days?" Stephanie retorted, before grabbing Randy's Coke, and chugging down its remains. Randy let out a sound of protest. "Trying to pull your head out from your ass," Bella smirked. Elliot spit the milk he had been drinking out, and laughed. Tyler took one look at his soaked arm, and glared at Bella. "Gee, thanks Bells. I just got Hepatitis B," Tyler scowled. Elliot looked at him incredulously. "Isn't that the disease you get from gay sex?" he asked. Tyler nodded and laughed. Bella shook her head, before turning her head towards the table Stephanie had gestured towards to. A big, muscular boy sat off to the right, looking past her at Elliot, smiling. Next to him was a tall, gorgeous blonde glaring down at the table. A black haired, pixie like girl sat to the left, bouncing in place; and a blonde boy sat in front of her. In the middle of them all, sat a bronze haired boy staring directly at Bella. Bella stared right back at him, and he arched an eyebrow. "Uh-oh. New kid got into a staring showdown with Bella-kins here," muttered Riley. Tyler and Elliot looked up at her, startled; at Bella, the boy, and at each other. They spit out their drinks, and started to laugh hysterically. Randy snickered, and looked over at the table. "Do they have a death wish? Bella let it go." "Randy. I thought you'd know by now. She never lets it go," said Stephanie as she leaned back into her chair, and popped her last tater tot in her mouth. Suddenly, she jerked back up and cursed. "Bella. Come on, we have to go." She didn't even look away. "Bella. We have to go! Dammit, the principal's coming." "Damn you to hell and back, Swan. Do you want to be sentenced to detention the rest of our freshmen year?" Bella reluctantly broke off the contest, and dipped under the table to get her discarded Jansport. She pushed the chair back, and as she turned she came face to face with Lauren. She pretended to be looking for something. "Steph, where's the trash? I forgot where it was," she looked Lauren in the eyes, "oh. There it is." She dumped her tray of half eaten food on top of her. Stephanie snickered, and then shot a look to the cafeteria doors. She grasped Bella's elbow, and together they broke out in a run. She bit her lip, and muttered curses under her breath. Bella jumped, over the Cullens' table, and slammed into the exit. Stephanie followed afterwards, and together they ran into their next class. -- ---------- -- i f l ooks c ould k ill -- ---------- -- I glanced over at Stephanie and smirked. Her lips twisted into a similar expression, and we snagged two seats at the back of the room. I swung my bag on top of my desk, reaching inside the front pocket for my iPod. I leaned my head back onto the wall, and closed my eyes. Until my phone vibrated, jerking me out of my semi conscious trance. I reached into my back pocket, sliding my phone up. Riley's text: Where are you guys? Erm, class. Where else? You ran, jumped a table, to get to class? No. We ran, jumped a table to get away from the manic dude we call our principal. … Second semester and you all ready know the principal?! Damn, you people work fast. Shush it, Riley. Grr. She shut her phone, and kids started to file in. She closed her eyes, and started to jam out to Violent Fetish by Disturbed. Until the teacher pulled an earphone roughly out of her ear, causing Bella, to glare, and look out the window. Her breath hitched, and then completely stopped. The sound in the room muted, and time froze. Topaz eyes looked back at her. Stephanie slammed a book into her desk, causing her to jump up; startled. "What's up with you?" Stephanie asked weirdly, scrunching up her nose. Bella just shook her head, and glanced back at the window. Nothing. -- ---------- -- m ath terror -- ---------- -- Bella slipped into her sixth period, not even glancing at anyone. She grabbed the only available seat, (she was late). Her math teacher shot her a scalding look and turned back to the board. Bella swung her bag onto the desk, reached inside for her homework, and handed it to the person in front. She pinched the bridge of her nose, letting out a silent breath through her nose. A headache had developed in her temples, and she felt like killing someone would give her the slightest satisfaction. She clicked her tongue against her teeth, and settled back into her chair. Deaf fingers took out a math book, and numbly followed the lesson plan; but her mind was elsewhere. She reached into one of her many pockets, and slipped out her phone. She pondered the small screen quietly. Do I really want to get involved in this high school drama? I mean, my own personal problems are enough, right? She felt a renewed wave of frustration sweep over her, and she wanted to scream. She wanted so bad to punch someone, let it all out. But she couldn't. They depended on her, if she lost it; who knows what chaos would ensue? Her. She let out a low grim laugh at the thought. Who would be insane enough to depend on her? Didn't they see that she was already messed up in the head? Yet they added to responsibility, added salt to injury. Unconsciously, her eyes grew dark with anger. Her childhood was not the best. In fact, as much as she hated it; she'd never be caught saying, " Why me?" As much as she hated it, she knew it had to be her. Because if it wasn't her, it would have been someone else. She'd never wish it on anyone else; she could barely handle it herself. Who knows to what insane extent it would drive another? Her eyes looked black, and the emotion changed to wistfulness. She longed for the purity and happiness childhood was supposed to bring. She sighed, rubbing her temples. "Miss Swan, number 13?" Bella glanced briefly at the problem, before averting her gaze back onto doodles; uninterested, and uncaring. "Radius is 17.3 in, multiplied by two, and added with the area of the rectangle which is 64 equals 1107.20 in." The math teacher's mouth sagged open and snapped close. Looking at Bella in angered disbelief, he moved on with the lesson. Bella's lips lifted into a slight smirk, and for the first time, glanced up. Alice Cullen, ( you knew this was coming , peered at her with curious eyes. Her short black hair was set in stylish spikes, black and amber contrasting sharply with alabaster skin. She smiled brightly at Bella. Startled and dazed, Bella looked at her curiously, and hesitantly smiled back; eyes unsure. Alice turned back around in her seat, once again facing the board. Bella looked at the back of her head for a few moments, and began doodling again. Talk to me after class. A piece of paper fluttered in front of her, from Alice. She raised an eyebrow. What makes you think I wanted to? Stretching her index and middle fingers, she slipped the note in between and waved it in the side of her face. What makes you think I care? Bella scoffed. Considering you're the one who started it, try not to contradict yourself. The math teacher glared at Bella. She merely smiled up at him before wiggling the note in his sight, and handing it to Alice. Alice laughed quietly. Bella returned to her doodling. A pale hand flashed in the corner of her eyes. She looked up slightly to see another piece of paper. She looked at the bronze-haired boy closely. She leaned forward next to Alice's ear. "What's your brother's name again?" Edward looked at her incredulously, and burst out laughing. Alice just looked at him surprised, and a satisfied smile spread on her lips. Why would she be satisfied? She shook her head, clearing her thoughts; and stretched out to get the note he offered. She glanced at it briefly, and debated whether to reply. She chewed the inside of her cheek, eyes flickering between the note and her watch. She threw an exasperated look at the watch, and opened the note. You dropped your Debussy cd. Bella's eyes widened and she looked down at the floor in growing horror. It lay on the floor, untouched, face up. She let out a breath, relieved. She dipped down to retrieve it, and met Edward's questioning gaze. She quickly looked away, no matter how hard that was, and viciously opened her book bag slipping her disc inside. She searched on her desk for her pencil, forgetting where she had placed it. She grabbed it hurriedly, and scribbled on the note before handing it back to Edward. Thanks. Gratitude washed over her as the bell rung. But as she drifted the opposite direction from both Cullens, she couldn't help the pang of sorrow with his departure. -- ---------- -- m idnight s crea m -- ---------- -- I trudged up the stairs to my room, exhausted. My homework had been done in detention, naturally. I spent the remainder of my afternoon hanging out with my usual group of friends by the Oceanside Cliffs. At around seven, I came home and made dinner for Charlie and I. I took my showers in the morning. I collapsed onto my queen sized bed,