So here is the second part of the Awaken series. I wanted it up by New Years, but it ended up longer than expected, so think of it as a late New Years present! Anyways this story is the "sequel" so to speak of Awaken Series: Ignite the Flame. You don't have to read that one to understand this part though. Just a note: All characters belong to Suzanne Collins, I just like to make them dance for my entertainment. Enjoy. Awaken Series- Part II Spark of Desire "Want a sugar cube?" The voice behind me is low and raspy. Before I turn around I have a pretty good guess about who it is. Slowly I turn, putting on my best smirk. "Aren't those for the horses?" Finnick just gives me an incredulous look then pops a sugar cube into his mouth. "I suppose your right, but these horses have years to live, whereas you and I… well we aren't so lucky. I figure that if we see something sweet, we'd better grab it." I raise my eyebrow at him but then give him a shrug. "Makes sense, we wouldn't want to miss out on any opportunities now would we Finnick? Although from what I hear you don't have a problem with that." Disbelief registers on his face at the seductive undertone in my voice. I've obviously caught him off guard. I'm sure he's under the same impression as the others, that I'm too innocent for my own good. Unfortunately for them, that isn't the case at all. I smirk at him, and he seems to catch on to my teasing. Slowly he steps in closer. "So Girl on Fire, what about you? Any opportunities you don't want to miss out on? Perhaps telling me all of your secrets?" The seductive purr of his voice sends a shiver through me. Trying to distract myself from him I glance around the room, spotting the one person that's had my attention since we arrived. Her green dress is floor length with a long slit running up the side exposing her smooth, toned leg. Her hair is streaked red and tied up off of her neck. The swell of her breasts, her soft curves and pouty lips, are all so inviting. Heat settles deep inside of me. Her presence has me on edge, I decide Finnick is less of a distraction. When I turn back to Finnick I rake my eyes over his nearly naked body. I can't help but admire him too, although he's nothing compared to her. I let out a light chuckle at the thoughts running through my head. Ever since my first night with Haymitch all those months ago, I haven't been able to get enough. No matter how many times we fell into bed together, my desire's never quite quenched, although I can't deny how much I enjoy being with Haymitch. However, ever since I laid eyes on Johanna Mason, I knew that I wanted her. My own desire, especially for another woman should terrify me, but it doesn't, instead it only adds fuel to the flames. When I'm finally pulled back from my daydreams Finnick is staring down at me, a grin plastered on his face. His eyes are alight with curiosity as I step in even closer, until we are mere inches apart. I move my lips close to his ear. "I've got secrets that would make your pretty little head spin and I bet you're just dying to know… too bad I don't kiss and tell." The grin on his face widens. Before he can say more Peeta comes up behind us, an odd expression on his face. I look over at him, and smile. Finnick leans in a little closer, his lips at my ear this time. "Well, well, well, isn't that interesting Mockingjay… Now you've really got me interested, since your bread boy is still clearly innocent." As soon as he pulls back he smirks again, taking another sugar cube. Just before he pops it in his mouth I grab it and place it on my tongue, slowly drawing it into my mouth. "See you later Katniss." His voice is full of a teasing tone as he shoots me one last look, still clearly amused. "Peeta." "Finnick." When the District 4 victor is gone Peeta turns to me with an inquisitive look, like he's trying to read me. Things have been a little tense between us ever since I told him that I didn't want to be anything more than friends. I know it hurt him, but I didn't want to string him along. Since that day I know he's been watching me carefully, wondering if there was someone else. At first he'd assumed it was Gale, until he found out that I'd turned down his advances too. Luckily he seems to be getting over it, or at least he's pretending too for my sake, but I can still see the hint of annoyance in his eyes at the interaction he saw between Finnick and I. "What did he want?" "He wanted to know all of my secrets." "And what did you tell him?" "The same thing I told you, I don't kiss and tell." At that moment Cinna comes up to us and ushers us into the cart. I turn away from Peeta, letting my eyes find Haymitch, who's talking with some of the stylist. He looks up at me and I wink at him, he gives me a seductive look then motions for me to pay attention. When he's back in his conversation I rake my eyes over Johanna again, another wave of desire settles in my belly as the chariot is pulled forward. When the parade is over Haymitch comes to get us, introducing us to a few old friends, the victors from District 11. I try my hardest to focus on the conversation but my attention is elsewhere. Johanna is about 10 yards away from me, talking with Finnick and the man from her district. My eyes follow her, entranced by the sensuality of her every movement. Finnick is close to her now, talking animatedly. When she tosses her head back, laughing, I can't help the flood of arousal that settles in my panties as I imagine running my teeth and tongue along the smooth expanse of her neck. As her laughter subsides Finnick moves in a bit closer, sparking a jealous feeling inside of me. I can see him whisper something in her ear, and the purr of his seductive voice plays back in my mind from our conversation earlier. This time I find it's me who's curious about the conversation between them, but the thought is abruptly stopped when she looks over at me. Our eyes meet. Butterflies erupt in my stomach, and heat pools in my centre. She's got to be the most beautiful creature in the world, and to top it off she's looking at me like she wants to devour me. I have to turn away because if I don't I won't be able to hold myself back. Soon enough I feel Haymitch grab my hand and tug me towards the elevator. "Come on sweetheart." I follow him to the lift, Peeta close behind us. When we're tucked safely inside and the doors are inches from closing, a perfectly manicured hand forces its way between the slit. The door begins to re-open and suddenly I'm burning up. Johanna enters, her hazel eyes wide, a smirk adoring her perfect pink lips. Her eyes wander over the three of us, her gaze stopping on me. "You look fantastic. My stylist is an idiot, District 7, lumber, so we're always trees." Irritation fills her tone but the smirk doesn't leave her lips. Instead she changes the subject. "So how does it feel now that the whole of Panem wants to sleep with you?" At first I assume she's addressing me, but when she focuses on Peeta I have to stifle a laugh. He looks at her, completely dazed and unsure of what to say, instead he just shrugs. She turns her face back towards me and our eyes lock together. I can see a mischievous glint hidden in sparkling orbs, and I quirk my eyebrow at her, silently challenging her. In that moment I don't care that my lover and fake fiancé are in the elevator with us, all I care about is the undeniable tension between Johanna and I. Without breaking our gaze she gestures towards Peeta. "Unzip me?" His eyes widen, clearly uncomfortable. Haymitch just smirks I know he can sense the obvious tension between us. As much as he and I have been together I'm sure he can smell my arousal, see the look of lust in my eyes. Chancing a quick glance at him I notice the slight bulge in his pants. Another wave of desire hits me, and suddenly I'm imaging how he feels inside of me, and what it's like when he spills his seed deep within me. Momentarily I completely forget about Johanna, too overwhelmed with my desire to rip Haymitch's clothes off and suck him dry. I have to force myself not to let out a moan. He gives me knowing look, and I'm sure he can tell where my mind has been. I bite my lip and wink; he just winks back then nods slightly towards Johanna. In the midst of my distraction she's stripped off her dress, leaving her completely nude. White hot desire rips through me at the sight of her naked and glistening skin, the perfectly round swell of her hips, the gentle curves of her waist, her hardened pink nipples. Unconsciously I lick my lips, wanting nothing more than to shove her against the wall and claim her as my own. I wonder what it would feel like to kiss her lips, to suckle her breasts, to bury my fingers in her wet heat. Wetness floods out of me, and I can feel my desire start to drip down my thighs. Too soon the elevator stops and the doors slide open. Johanna moves towards the exit. Just before she steps out she throws me a look over her shoulder. She's daring me, tempting me to follow, then she's gone. I contemplate for a second, Finnick's words ring in my ears. I figure that if we see something sweet, we'd better grab it. Without looking back I take off after the girl. She's waiting in the entrance hall for me, wearing nothing but that signature smirk. I rake my eyes over every inch of her. "So it's true, the Girl of Fire isn't so innocent after all. I'll have to remember to thank Finnick for that little tip." The smugness in Johanna's voice spurs me into action. Wordlessly I stalk towards her, my movements predatory. My body is on fire for her, and I can't control my lust any longer. Quick as a hunter I back her against a wall, pinning her there. My hands instantly find purchase on her hips, I squeeze the soft flesh before I press my hips into hers. A moan starts to fall from her perfect lips but I attach mine to hers swallowing the noise. I kiss her with everything that I have, nipping at her bottom lip until she opens her mouth and lets me in. I'm desperate for her, my body is on fire. She must feel it too because she responds eagerly, throwing her arms around my neck and shoving her tongue deep in my mouth. Her body feels so warm underneath my fingers, her naked skin as soft as Cinna's favourite silk. My hands can't stay still and I run them up her back, down her arms and over her sides, I can't get enough. When my fingers find her hardened nipples she breaks away from my lips, tossing her head back, exposing her throat to me. The pale expanse calls to me. My other