I've been in the mood to write smut lately and this is the first part of a series of three (or four) in which Katniss discovers her sexuality. This is set after the Quarter Quell announcement. The next part in the series will be Joniss. NOTE: The image for this story is a screen-shot that I took while watching the movie on my laptop. If you are interested in using it, feel free, I do not own it. Now that that's cleared up, on with the story! Enjoy! Awaken Series- Part I Ignite the Flame "I'm here for a drink." Haymitch just chuckles at me, "Now there's something I can help you with sweetheart." He pushes the glass of white liquor into my chest and I grab it, needing to feel something. The liquid is bitter and burns my throat, but I don't care. "We have to save him Haymitch." I can see his shoulders slump slightly, but I press on. "You chose me last time, it's time to choose him; he deserves it. He is good and kind and so much more than you or I will ever be. Please Haymitch…" He looks up from his glass and his eyes meet mine, I see him studying my face, and it sends a shiver through me. "Alright, if his name is pulled I'll volunteer, but if my name is pulled he will volunteer and then there isn't much I can do." I nod. Silence surrounds us again and I take another swig from the glass of alcohol, letting it settle deep in my belly. Across from me Haymitch stands up and I can't help myself as I stare up at him. His blonde hair is unkempt but not dirty, his strong jaw is set in a hard line with slight stubble across his jaw, the muscles in his chest and arms ripple as he stretches himself out. I've never really noticed how masculine he is. Sure I've noticed that he's handsome, that despite years of drink he keeps himself in decent shape, but staring at him now I feel my face flush and my body warm up. He doesn't seem to notice my gaze and instead moves towards the kitchen. I'm left alone with my thoughts and the white liquor, which I finish in one long drink. I find myself wondering what it would be like to see Haymitch without his usual button up shirt, how his calloused hands would feel along my skin. An unusual feeling settles deep in my stomach, and although it's not something I've experienced before I immediately know what it is. He returns a few minutes later with another glass and a half full bottle. Wordlessly he moves towards me and fills my glass before pouring his own. I meet his eyes which are the exact same grey as my own. Seam eyes. He curls his lips in a small smile and raises his glass. I return the gesture and we drink. When he pulls the glass from his mouth I feel his eyes on me. Feeling even warmer under his gaze I knock back the liquid, shuddering slightly as is burns my throat. I glance up to see him raising an eyebrow at me, but he keeps quiet. That's one of my favourite things about him, he doesn't feel the need to fill the silence with meaningless chatter, he's content to just be. As he takes his seat across from me I start making a mental list of all the things I like about this man, regardless of his surly and aggressive nature. The length of my list surprises even me, because there isn't much about him that I don't like if I'm being honest. He is everything that I am, and just that is enough to bond us forever. Two seam kids, which no chance, who were too clever, who defied the capital. Two bitter souls, both sentenced to spend life suffering and miserable. Two people who can only seem to find sanity in the quiet presence of the other. I find myself studying his face again, and in that moment I can't stop what I feel for him. My body blazes with fire that I can't seem to contain, but why should I try anyways? I am marked for slaughter, I don't have much time left and there are things I want to experience before I die. Another list comes together in my head, and topping this one is something I want that only he can give me. With my mind made up, I stand up, stealing my nerves. The alcohol in my system is buzzing through me but I do not feel out of control, I feel better than I have in a long time. Moving with the grace of a hunter stalking its prey I walk towards him. His eyes are on the bottle beside him and he doesn't see me coming. Swiftly I reach out and pull the glass from his fingers and set it down on the side table. He jerks his head back and gazes up at me with an irritated expression. It vanishes almost instantly when he sees the look in my eyes, which must be smouldering like the coals of a fire. He opens his mouth to speak but no words come out. I take the opportunity to sink down into his lap, straddling his thighs. The chair isn't made to fit two people and it causes our bodies to press even further together. Not having any experience I just do what feels right and start to grind my hips down into his. My hands move to his shoulders as he draws in a sharp breath. "Katniss, what the…" I silence him with a kiss. There is nothing tender or reserved in my motion as I nip at his bottom lip, desperate to feel his tongue against mine. He doesn't respond but stays frozen, so I try again. This time he pushes me away but I don't move off of his lap. Instead I grind down harder which draws a groan from his throat. I smirk down at him. He may be trying to resist me but I can feel his manhood pressing againt me, which only sparks my desire. His eyes are blazing and he is starting to breathe hard but I can tell he is trying to resist. He brings his strong hands to my hips and stills my motions. "Katniss, what are you doing?" The raspy tone of his voice makes me shiver. How is it that until now I've never noticed how much I want him? I know he is waiting for an answer, so I let out a sigh trying to find the right words. "Haymitch, I'm going to die." He doesn't say anything but silently tells me to continue. "I don't have much time and there are things I want before it's too late." His eyes widen at the implication behind my words. I bring my hand up and stroke his cheek. "I want to know what it's like to be with a man, but not just any man… I want to know what it's like to be with you, to feel you inside of me. Please just give me this, I need it. I need you. I want you to be my first." Haymitch inhales sharply, clearing affected by my words which I realize now were quite seductive. I can see the desire in his eyes but he's trying to stay calm. "Do you want me Haymitch?" I ask in a shy voice, afraid that his hesitation is because I am not attractive enough. This causes a dry laugh to fall from his lips. "I've wanted you since I first saw you, and I've dreamed about it, thought about what it would feel like. But honestly sweetheart, I'm twice your age, do you really want me to be your first?" Without hesitation I lean in and kiss him again. I pull back but only a few centimetres, so that my breath is still on his lips. "I don't care, I want you. Please just take me Haymitch." My words must break his resolve because he crashes his lips against mine. Instantly I feel his tongue slide along my lips and I open my mouth for him. Desire courses through me as our tongues move together. I tangle my hands in his hair and pull him closer as his fingers dig into my waist, holding tightly. I use my position on top to rock my hips against him and eagerly swallow the noises of pleasure that slip from his lips. When I'm desperate for air I pull away slightly. His eye are almost black now, his hair even more dishevelled than before. His erection presses into me and I've never felt something more wonderful. A wave of desperation passes through me because all I want is to know what he will feel like buried inside of me. I can feel the wetness pooling in my centre and it's driving me crazy. His lips are on my jaw and neck, nipping and licking every inch of my exposed skin now, it feels amazing. Tilting my head slightly I lean into him and whisper directly into his ear. "I'm so wet for you, please, fuck me, I need you inside of me." He stops kissing my neck and looks up into my eyes again. I can see the shock on his face; he'd never expected me to say anything that dirty before. A giggle falls from my lips though because here I am grinding into his manhood, kissing him roughly and the thing that surprises him the most is me cursing. The giggle must trigger him because I feel him standing up. I wrap my legs around his waist and move my lips to his earlobe, kissing and tugging at the sensitive flesh. "Oh fuck, Katniss." My name on his lips sounds like heaven. Without a single missed step he moves to the stairs, climbs to the top and enters his bedroom. I find his lips again and thrust my tongue into his mouth. Soon I'm being tossed onto the bed and he's tearing at my clothes. I can feel his desperation and desire. When I'm almost completely bare to him, left only in my underwear, I feel a little self-conscious because I've never been this exposed in this way. His eyes roam over my entire body and I can see the predatory glint of lust mixed with adoration. It's enough to rid my worries as I reach out for him. I tug at his hands, pulling him down on top of me so I can remove his clothing too. It doesn't take long for his shirt and pants to join mine on the floor. He settles on top of me, his erection pressing against my clothed centre. I shudder at the feel of him but need more. Slowly I run my hands along his hard, bare chest. His flesh is soft but I can feel the soft muscle underneath. I don't want to take my hands away from his chest but I'm anxious to feel more of him. Sliding my hands downward I caress his sides and hips, my fingers itching to touch his hard shaft. He's holding himself up on his elbows above me. Our eyes meet again and then he leans in, capturing my lips again. While he's distracted I take a deep breath and move one of my hands to cup his erection through the thin material of his boxer-shorts. He groans but I swallow it down, savouring the feel of him. Living with two healers I've seen my share of naked men, but feeling Haymitch when he's hard brings about an entirely new sensation. Wanting to see his reaction I stroke him through the material more, curious at how my touch affects him. He's grunting and pushing his hips into my hand, and I can feel