YAY! I finally finished this part! This is the sequel of Awaken: Ignite the Flame (Haymitch/Katniss) & Awaken: Spark of Desire (Katniss/Johanna) This part is a threesome between Katniss, Haymitch and Johanna, which was the most voted for, and follows the same storyline as the others. All characters belong to Suzanne Collins. Happy reading. Awaken Series- Part III Playing with Fire When Katniss and I awake the next morning we decide to skip training for the day. To hell with it, it won't make a difference anyways; I'd rather spend my last moments with the girl on fire. Only when her hands begin caressing my bare flesh again I'm the one who seems to be on fire. The sparkle in her eyes and sureness of her touch causes my arousal to flood through me. White hot desire pulsing, a ravenous beast awakening inside my chest demanding that I claim this beauty as my own…again. I move from laying next her to straddling her hips. When my wetness comes into contact with her bare stomach I feel her shiver. Her eyes wander all over my body, hungrily taking in my naked form. I smirk down at her and shift slightly, trailing my arousal along her lower belly, eliciting a loud whimper from her. "What's the matter my little kitten…?" I grind my hips into her more, my hands moving to caress her hardened nipples. She tosses her head back and lets out a moan and fingers grip tightly to my hips, trying to still my movement. A low chuckle falls from my lips. Slowly I move forward and run the flat of my tongue along the pale expanse of her throat, never stopping the movement of my hips. I nip and lick her flesh causing her to whimper below me. Soon I move to her lips, but stop just an inch from hers. She must feel my breath because she opens her eyes. They meet mine and she's glaring up at me. In a deadly whisper she says, "You are a fucking tease Johanna Mason. And I'm not a patient woman." With that her lips crash onto mine roughly, her tongue instantly demanding access to my mouth. Momentarily caught off guard I gasp and open up for her. Her hands trail up my sides until she rolling my nipples between her fingers expertly. I arch my back into her touch, wanting more. She smiles into the kiss. When she sucks the tip of my tongue into her mouth I let out a desperate moan. The intense feeling monetarily distracts me, giving her the perfect opportunity to take control. Using her momentum she rolls me onto my side then grabs my leg hitching it up around her waist, holding it in place. I'm panting loudly because my arousal is driving me insane. Her other hand finds its way up to the back of my neck, where is threads her fingers tightly into my messy hair. I look into her grey eyes as our foreheads rest together and the blazing passion I see there consume me entirely. She leans in slightly so our lips just graze. Her breath is hot against me, but I shiver none the less. Shifting her legs slightly she moves us into position. When I feel her hot, wet centre press into my own I nearly scream in ecstasy. The next thing I know she's grinding into me, our clits rubbing together as she devours my mouth. Her hand tugs roughly at the nape of my neck. I move with her, building a steady rhythm as our bodies melt into one. Feeling her against me is like nothing I've ever experienced. It doesn't take long until we are desperately panting into each other's mouths, trying to stifle our screams. In mere minutes we both tumble over the edge of our climaxes. Her name falls from my lips and mine from hers, and the whispers echo through the room. When we finally come down from our orgasms she looks up at me through long eyelashes, a smile on her face. "You're amazing, you know that?" I give her a cheeky grin. "Yeah I'm pretty awesome." She hits me teasingly the rolls over onto her back pulling me with her. I settle myself on top of her again and playfully grind myself into her. "Ready for round 2?" She lets out a deep groan but I just chuckle. Instantly the arousal is back, her eyes darkening with lust. I lean in a capture one of her hardened nipples into my mouth, licking the tiny bud with the flat of my tongue. When I glance back up into her eyes I can see that she's thinking hard, trying to focus through the pleasure. I can't help but laugh again. She shoots me a look that tells me to shut up, and for once, I do. The silence lasts for a while, neither of us moving. When she finally speaks, it's in a slow and calculated tone. "I want to try something…" Breathing in deeply I nod for her to continue. "Will you… Umm… Well I don't know how to ask this…" Suddenly she's stumbling over her words, seeming nervous, it's too adorable seeing her so flustered. "After all this and you're getting nervous on me? Just tell me what you want Katniss… I'm sure we can work it out, whatever it is…" I can see her swallow her nerves. "I want you to taste you… I mean I want, I want you to ride my face." Even I wasn't expecting her request to be so blunt, but the instant the words are out of her mouth I'm dripping at the thought. "Fuck that's so hot." Without giving her time to say anything else I lean in and kiss her again before climbing up towards her head. Slowly I lower myself down, one knee on each side of her head, with my front facing the door. Her hands instantly pull at my hips, bringing me closer to her. The breath against my wetness causes a moan to slip from my lips. I brace my hands on her flat stomach and lower myself the rest of the way down. She instantly licks at my clit, drawing tiny circles with the tip of her tongue. I lean towards a bit more, and she takes this as an invitation. Suddenly her tongue is moving against my folds, eagerly lapping at my wetness as her hands move the firm flesh of my backside. I try to keep control of myself but it feels like heaven. When she shoves her tongue inside of me I let out a long moan and I can feel her smirking against my centre. Glancing down I see her dripping centre laid out in front of me and I get an idea. Leaning down I lightly lick at her folds. She squirms under me, but doesn't let up; instead it makes her move quicker. Slowly I continue to lap at her, savouring the taste of her as she brings me close to orgasm. I can't stop myself from grinding down onto her face, but I can tell by the tightening of her grip that she's enjoying it. When I'm on the brink, I pull myself back up to a sitting position and move faster against her mouth. It's in that exact moment I see the door swing open. Haymitch stands there, opened mouthed, looking both shocked and aroused. I see his grey eyes take in the sight of me riding Katniss' tongue, her legs spread, centre glistening with a mixture of her arousal and my saliva. He's at a loss for words, and I can't help but smile as an idea forms in my mind. At that very moment Katniss buries her tongue deeper into me and I let out a long groan. Instantly I see a huge bulge form in the front of Haymitch's trousers. I meet his eyes across the room and wink. He smirks but turns to leave. Before he does I bring my finger to my lips, silently telling him to be quiet. This causes him to quirk his eyebrow at me, with a smirk of my own I gesture for him to come closer. At first his eyes widen, unsure, but when I reach down and swipe a finger through Katniss' wetness and offer it to him, his resolve crumbles. Unaware of our visitor Katniss relentlessly works me over with her tongue, and I desperately try to control my oncoming orgasm. When Haymitch is directly in front of me he takes my hand and sucks my finger into his mouth, tasting Katniss. His steady tongue feels amazing against my finger and I can only imagine what his mouth would feel like in other, more sensitive places… and with Katniss' tongue on me already, it isn't hard to imagine. I can see his eyes darken with arousal at the combined taste and the sight of our naked bodies. In that moment I'm positive that I've made the right choice by inviting him to join. I can't deny that I've always found him attractive, and secretly wondered what he'd be like in bed. And after Katniss' admission it just intensified my curiosity. Plus the thought of sharing this with him and Katniss sends my desire into overdrive. Knowing I won't be able to hold on much longer I reach out and grab Haymitch's hand and bring it to my breast. His fingers roll my nipple expertly and I let out a long moan, he takes this opportunity to lean in and capture my lips. He moves his tongue against mine exploring my mouth and I arch my body into him. This gives Katniss, who is still oblivious to his presence, the perfect angle to thrust her tongue into me even deeper. I can feel her groan in pleasure against me as her grip on my ass tightens. Haymitch nips at my bottom lip before pulling away slightly. We share a silent conversation with our eyes; it's time for Katniss to be aware of his presence. Slowly I move my hand to Katniss' centre, trailing the digit up to swirl gently around her clit. I feel her sharp intake of breath and don't waste time thrusting that same finger into her. Using my other hand to pull Haymitch in for another kiss, his hand still playing with my nipple while his other one follows my path. I am assaulted by the sound and feel of Katniss' gasp at the exact moment I feel Haymitch slide his finger into her, directly next to mine. Her shock is gone only seconds later, and I can tell she's realized who it is. Together we start to pump our finger into her, Haymitch's tongue playing with my own, his fingers toying with my nipple, her tongue lapping at my clit. In moments I rip my mouth away from him and cry out, her name falling from my lips. Seconds later I feel her orgasm as her walls pulse around our fingers. Together we slide the digits out of her, mirroring each other as we taste her sweetness. From below me I hear her moan. Quickly I roll off of her, only to see her lips coated in my cum, her eyes as black as coal. I sit up on my elbows and smirk at her. "I didn't figure that you'd mind…" I casually gesture at Haymitch, who's watching us both. Instead of answering me she sits up on her knees and moves to the edge of the bed. Grabbing Haymitch's shirt she forcefully clashes their mouth together. She immediately shoves her tongue into his mouth and I let out a whimper, knowing that she's sharing my taste with him. His hands find her hips and tug her closer but she pulls away. His eyes are completely clouded over now, but I can tell from the expression on her face that she's the one who will