A smutty/fluffy little one-shot that popped into my head. If enough people like this I might to a sequel. All characters and some of the dialogue belongs to Suzanne Collins. Storyline belongs to me. The Fire Inside One Shot I turn and see them all waiting in a big chamber at the end of the hall — Effie, Haymitch, and Cinna. My feet take off without hesitation. Maybe a victor should show more restraint, more superiority, especially when I know this will be on tape, but I don't care. I run for them and surprise even myself when I launch into Haymitch's arms . He doesn't hesitate when he wraps me up, holding me tightly. It's funny, because before this moment I'd never realized that it was him I'd missed the most—Haymitch, my mentor, my guardian, the man who'd kept me alive, kept Peeta alive. My heart swells with emotion and I clutch him tighter. Then he is whispering in my ear. "Great job, sweetheart." It doesn't sound snide or sarcastic, it sounds relieved and maybe even hopeful. Suddenly his nickname for me seems more like an endearment. Hearing his voice, feeling his sturdy arms around me does something to me that I cannot explain; it takes hold of me, sparks something inside me. I refuse to let go and his embrace washes away all of the things that have been bubbling up inside of me since the reaping. A long time passes, seconds, minutes , I'm not even sure because I'm lost in his arms. We only break apart when Effie clears her throat dramatically, clearly uncomfortable. I look down for a few seconds before I meet Haymitch's eyes. For the first time I see a glimmer of life in the deep grey orbs, that are not unlike my own. I don't have time to appreciate them properly before Effie is pulling me into a hug, telling me about everything that happened while I was in the arena. She releases me and Cinna takes me in his arms but doesn't say anything. When I pull back I notice Portia is missing and quickly fear the worst, Haymitch must see my expression change because he puts his arm around my shoulders before speaking. "Don't worry sweetheart, he's fine. They just want to do your reunion live on air at the ceremony," I nod but don't say anything because I don't know how to feel. I am happy Peeta is okay, that he is alive, but my emotions are so mixed up, especially now with Haymitch's arm around me. My mind begins to race as I try to collect my thoughts. Momentarily I even forget about Gale, but then I see his face flash in my mind. Peeta, Gale, Haymitch. Peeta, Gale, Haymitch. Peeta, Gale, Haymitch. Suddenly I'm short on breath and I need to have a moment alone. "I need some air…" I say, my voice hoarse. Effie frowns, but before she can comment Cinna is telling me to go a top the training center for a few minutes before I meet with the prep team to get ready. "Thank you." He nods, and Haymitch pulls me in for one last hug before I dash off towards the roof top. When I finally make it to the top I collapse in the middle of the terrace breathing hard. I burry my face in my hands, but surprisingly no tears come. Instead I close my eyes and take deep, calming breaths. For the first time in weeks I let myself imagine a future, a future in district 12 surrounded by the people I love. My mother and Prim, tiny Prim who relies on me for everything, my frail mother who I hope has gained some strength and courage in my absence. Gale, my friend and confidant, my hunting partner, somehow when I picture him now, he is different. I guess it's because we've been through so much together, he knew everything about me, but now, after the games, he won't know me at all. I also find the thought of Gale a little frightening, because I do not know what his reaction will be to seeing Peeta and I. In all the years I've spent with him I've never considered him as more than my friend, even now I cannot think of him in any other way… but what if he sees me as more? I sigh because this thought brings me to Peeta. The boy with the bread. The boy I survived the games with, the boy I'm supposed to be in love with. But that's not the truth. Sitting here on the dimly lit rooftop I know that my feelings for Peeta are strong, I may even love him, but breathing in the crisp, cool air I know that I am not in love with him. How this realization makes my heart ache, not because I want to be in love with him, but because I can't stand to know that I will break him, probably more than the games ever did. A single tear falls but I do not wipe it away, instead I let it fall into my lap before I pull my knees up to my chest. Again I try to steady myself as I breathe deeply. A few moments pass before I let myself resume my train of thought. Prim, my mother, Gale, Peeta and of course Haymitch. Do I love him too? Like I love the others? The man who made it possible to survive in the arena, the very same one I thought was nothing but a drunk until I was pushed into his shoes. Surviving the games is something the other victors don't talk about, you never hear the truth, that living as a victor is much worse than dying in the arena. And Haymitch has lived this life, year after year, watching his tributes die, living alone with painful memories, just a clever boy from the seam who had everything taken away from him. My heart aches for Haymitch, for all he has been through. But that isn't the only thing my heart does. When I think back to just minutes ago when I was reunited with him, when I flew into his arms, the way he called me 'sweetheart', it makes my heart do a strange little jump. I sit there, still and silent for another long minute, pondering over it all. Eventually realization starts to sink in, and it should frighten me, should make me want to run away, but it doesn't. I quickly jump to my feet and scurry into the elevator, anxious to get tonight over with, to get back home, to get on with my life, because even though I've been the capital's pawn I won't let them take away the one thing I have left. I will not be a part of their games anymore. When the elevator doors open, Venia, Flavius, and Octavia engulf me and I try my best to look pleased. In moments they've whisked me into the dining room and are offering me a meal. About time, I think grumpily, before digging in. When I'm finished the prep team gets me ready until Cinna appears with a light yellow dress. Cinna helps me dress and at first I'm confused because he makes me look quite girlish. This frustrates me, after all I've been through, after all I've done and I'm made to look like a child. I want to stomp my foot and throw a fit but I don't object, I just grit my teeth because the less I argue the quicker it will all be over. When the prep team and Cinna are finished with me we take the elevator down several floors to the place where the broadcast will be held. I'm ushered under the stage into a small, dank room with a silver platform. I try to steady my breathing because I'm shaking like crazy. My hands smooth down the fabric of my dress as I try to sort out the thoughts in my head. Right now I try to push everything else aside because I know that for tonight I have to be madly in love with Peeta. In the distance I hear the cheering crowd, and it consumes my senses until I feel a strong hand on my shoulder. My first instinct is to run but when the fingers squeeze gently and I smell the familiar combination of white liquor and woods— I know it is Haymitch. I turn around to face him, trying hard to hide my nerves, he just smiles at me. Instantly my previous thoughts are wiped clean. "Wow. Looks like Cinna's done it again, don't you think?" Haymitch says. I nod and smile a little sheepishly. Haymitch's eyes stay fixed on me for a long while before he shifts them around my musty holding space, and he seems to make a decision. "How about a hug for luck?" At first it seems a strange request but then he is moving towards me and I want nothing more than for him to wrap me up in his arms. I put my arms around him and rest my head on his chest, he hold me close, too close to be considered appropriate, but I don't mind. I lose myself in him for a moment until I feel his breath on my ear. "Listen up. You're in trouble. Word is the Capitol's furious about you showing them up in the arena. The one thing they can't stand is being laughed at and they're the joke of Panem," he says in a quiet, hurried voice. All happiness drains from me because I understand what he is saying. By pulling out those berries, by refusing to accept the rules I have openly defied the Capital and now I am in danger. The thought terrifies me because now I have to pretend to be in love with Peeta, not just to please the people of the capital but to save my life. I know I must go out there and pretend that I want nothing more than to spend forever with him and I don't know if I can do it. Panic rises in my throat and before I have time to think I cup Haymitch's cheeks and place my lips against his. At first he doesn't respond but when I start to mold my lips to his he kisses me back. His lips are perfect, not too soft like Peeta's or too rough like I imagine Gale's would be. Instead they are firm yet tender, kissing me back with so much raw emotion that I can hardly stand it. His hands move from my back to my waist and he pulls me closer to him. When I feel his warm tongue on my lips I open my mouth a little more to allow him access, which I'd never done with Peeta because until this moment it had never felt right. We continue the kiss for a few more long seconds, relishing in the feel of each other before we break away. I expect Haymitch to be furious or upset, to tell me I'm just a little girl or that he is my mentor and it's wrong, or worst of all that he won't because of Peeta. But he does none of this. Instead he hugs me again. This time it's me who whispers in his ear. "Haymitch… I..." Before I can finish my sentence he cuts me off. "Shhh... Don't say it." He squeezes me tighter and kisses my forehead before stepping away. "Katniss listen to me, we can get through this and then in no time we will be home. But for right now I need you to convince me that you are in love with that boy, convince the gamemakers, convince all of Panem and when we get home I promise we'll figure this out." I nod quickly before speaking. "Does Peeta know?" Haymitch shakes