WARNING: Violent descriptions and drug use. Disclaimer: These characters belong to Rick Riordan and not myself. Part One There is a rumor that the dingy streets of the city are now as close as a person can get to death. Jason disagrees. He has watched partners and coworkers die in front of his eyes, the ways the victims are strewn out like party favors for the vultures, and innocent children get swept into the dreams of being famous only to pledge themselves to the crime rings. No, Jason does not believe they live on the edge, but in the throes of it. Where it is strong and consumes in the dark, hidden behind the large orchestrated city lights and billboards that portray a fantasy land. But, in reality, Jason believes he lives in the breeding place of death. And it's getting to him now, after three months of constant taunts, he's ready to track down Death and give him a piece of his mind. Only, how do you find something that is so omnipresent? When Jason was growing up under his suppressive parents' watch, he was inquisitive with a keen eye for detail. He always pointed out what he thought was unjust, stood up for the bullied kids, and worked his hardest to make sure everyone was taken care of. His stepmother once told him: "You have the strong qualities of a leader. Use your eye for justice my boy and you will go far." And like any young six year old, he ignored her and continued to play with his Power Ranger Action figures. A little over fifteen years later, Jason disappointed his parents' hopes for him to enter politics or law. Even Jason surprised himself when he chose law enforcement as his career over a promising profession as district attorney after he turned down the internship his stepmother worked so hard to get him. In the same sense, he preferred a career where his duty and commitment to his community could be demonstrated with personal interactions instead of standing in a courtroom or speaking through the television. No, he was not going to follow his other family members in the same field. But, police work was not as easy as people portrayed it to be. So it should be no surprise when he received the fated call at 10:30 A.M, after his meeting with Reyna about another case. Another case that might go unsolved if he lingered too long with the inspection. Another case that gave a sickening twist to his stomach. Jason had finished his morning routine. Every morning he performed a morning jog, helped the old Grey sisters with their bags when they got off the senior citizens bus, took a shower, and ate a large breakfast of eggs, pancakes, and bacon. Then, he would walk briskly and take the subway to his office an hour away in the big SPQR building. He would ride the lift with Frank and enter his office before 8:30 in the morning, working on mundane paperwork and typical housecleaning duties until 9 when he would visit the lab for the latest reports. The characteristic of his days since 2012 had been so dull he had no problem cooperating whole-heartedly in order to have something to do. That is, until three months ago. Today, Jason stood behind his desk and glared at his sleek iPhone. It had been a habit of his for the past six weeks, awaiting the dreadful call that would either announce a missing person had been found—severely beaten or dead. Those were the only two choices he had and Jason always prayed for the former. God gifted him with the latter with every call. At 10:30, Jason answered the phone that gave a sharp ting and pulled on his suit jacket. "Jackson, tell me this one is alive." He interrupted whatever introduction the other man may have given. "You want good news or bad news." His partner continued unfazed. "Tell me the bad. I'm in the elevator and no one is sharing the ride down with me." "We found another body stuck in a box outside Mama Cyclops' Grill House. Good news is that we found Gwendolyn Harper." "Thank God," He sighed in relief. Today was his day. "She's suffering from some rope burn and dehydration, but she's alright. We'll have to question her later." Jason shook his head. He had no sympathy for those that tortured little girls. "I'll be waiting in the lab." "We'll be back in twenty. Waring though, this one is gruesome." Jason hung up and sighed. All in a day's work. If there was one widely held opinion of the police department after the drug bust of '11, most would say the occupants of the building were overworked, overtaxed, and severely underpaid for their hard work. Not that their opinions did anything. The staff worked around the clock to bring down the violent crime rates that only seemed to escalate after the debacle the press so accurately dubbed the "Titan War". One year after the police brought down the Titan Coterie, one of the largest organized crime gangs in the past fifty years, minor groups banded together to create an even larger network of underground empires. Now, most of the police department was suffering. Not from praise, but the hyped up demand to capture the groups behind the rising death rate. These accusations were only spurred on by the Apollo Sun, a prominent paper read by only the best of the best. And their lead reporter, Octavian, made sure his readers knew about the current death rate. Thirteen deaths, five missing persons reports, and no leads left everyone on edge. One of his most trusted colleagues, Annabeth suspected it was a new group trying to establish their presence in the gruesome city streets, but all of the actions were untraceable so far. Jason ruled out the possibilities of amateurs. It had to be someone professional. The trail has long gone cold and there were thirteen bodies lying in bags waiting for the next one to join the pile. Jason rubbed his temples and wondered 'when had this job gotten so complicated?' Jason arrived in the lab nine minutes before Percy, recognizing Annabeth Chase among the lab technicians present. She was wearing her appointed uniform-a pair of royal blue cargo pants, black boots, a blue blouse and latex gloves. She was examining something at the lab station, her hands steadily holding the tweezers as she began to speak. "Hello Jason." She whispered, intently staring at the mutilated flesh she was examining. "Annabeth," He greeted. "Percy's bringing in—" "I already know. Gardner sent me the details. You should tell Percy to hurry up. We know he is kind of slow." She joked and turned around, tearing off the gloves. Jason gave her a tight hug, feeling all the curves from the slight bump around her stomach. "How's Nemo?" He asked. Annabeth's lips thinned. "Why did he tell you to call the baby that?" She sighed. "Because Finding Nemo is the best Disney movie ever made." Percy said as he entered the lab. Two technicians followed in after him carrying a plastic body bag. "Clarisse took Gwen to the hospital and her parents have been contacted." "Good," Jason said, watching as the body bag was placed on the table. "The press didn't give you a hard time did they?" Snoopy reporters always followed with their cameras and recorders, trying to incriminate, dehumanize, and publicly humiliate any cop, politician or businessman they come across. "Nope," he popped the 'p'. "I think Reyna raised hell at the Apollo Sun office after the last scandal. We didn't need a repeat for today." A tanned hand stroked through black hair. "They were too busy at the tarmac." Annabeth supplied. "If either of you read the newspaper, you would know the major story is at JFK and not here. Now, if you want to gossip, do it later." She slapped back on her gloves and opened the bag. The first thing Annabeth did gag. As he peered into the bag, he could see why Percy told him to be prepared for the body. The past thirteen deaths did not vary in style—all gunshot wounds. They were all staged to look innocent and accidental enough, just nicking a vital artery. But, the difference came with the style of this death. The victim had two bullet wounds to the chest, the blood smeared with dirt over pasty white skin and dark hair matted around her temples. Two slash marks covered her wrists and large finger prints marked where she was strangled. Her head had been smashed in with a large object and her eyes had been gorged out. Jason turned around and covered his mouth. "The body looks like it was once Khione Wittman. Any reason why?" "Because it is Khione Wittman. She's been missing for a week." There was a dead Canadian television star in the lab, brutally murdered. This next week was going to be rough. "That's the third high profile death of the last two weeks. The press is going to be a shit-show." Jason could feel the gray growing into his temples. "I mean, I've seen her face on TV everywhere. How is she connected to any of this?" "If you all want to speculate outside of my lab, thank you. I need to get to work." Annabeth ushered them out. "And send Kayla." She ordered before shutting the door. The pair looked back at lab door and moved forward. "Annabeth will possibly have a theory by tonight." "Yeah, she's Wise Girl. She'll have something put together, I'm sure of it." Jason nodded after Percy's confirmation. She was the smartest woman he knew. "I'm just so sick of this case. I mean I love work and all, but I don't want to work on something like this. It's too inhumane." "I agree." Percy paused, before looking at his friend. "Jay, if it gets to be too much, you should take a break. Do something you love. You know Piper came back yesterday from vacation. Maybe you two could—" "I'm not leaving this case to date my ex-girlfriend!" People looked at the pair and Jason smiled apologetically as they got into the elevator. "I just can't stop now." "I'm just saying that you don't need to burn yourself out for this. Hedge told us to take off when we got too involved and you seem to be at the tipping point. As long as we are not making substantial headway, you can take a vacation. I mean, when was the last time you took one?" The dark-head started to walk out for his floor, not expecting an answer. "Meet for lunch in another two hours?" "You got it." Jason nodded and watched the elevator door close on his friend's smile. Then the smile dropped. When was the last time he had taken a vacation? Hazel held onto the bar and lifted her legs higher. She had dedicated more than sweat, blood, and time to this performance. This would be her creation and presentation to the Paris Opera Ballet. She only needed to perfect her moves—she could do this. Her sister told her she could. ' One-two-three' she counted as she pirouette on the wooden floor. ' Again' she started a third set before lifting into a Grande jeté and landing in a plié. Breathing hard, Hazel stopped and stared at herself in the mirror, the puffiness beneath her eyes and the swollen cheeks and knew she needed to take a short break. She collapsed on the ground, tired and drained after consecutively rehearsing for six hours. She had rented out the room in the studio for six days out of the week, five of those days she would leave early and go to her lessons with Mistress Pasiphaë in Upper Manhattan. Yet, she needed those extra hours to practice her talent and craft it to get into the theatre