Enjoy. As always, reviews are appreciated. Lemme know what you think. Yeah, yeah. Annabeth knew it wasn't exactly allowed. She knew it wasn't proper, or smart, and that she'd probably get in trouble if she was caught. Okay, fine. She'd definitely get in trouble if she was caught. The thought didn't stop her, though, from knocking on the door of Cabin Three at close to midnight. She kept the knock quiet, though. She didn't exactly feel like dealing with the harpies at this time of night. She had to keep from grinning when he opened the door, hair mussed and eyes bright, a smile lighting up his face. "A little late, huh, Wise Girl?" His arm circled her shoulders as he shut the door behind her. "I thought you'd never arrive." She turned to face him, a small lamp beside the bunk the only light in the room besides the bluish glow of the saltwater fountain. Her heart was beating a little bit faster than usual. "It's not my fault it took Malcom forever to fall asleep." She smiled a coy smile. "But I'm here now, aren't I?" His piercing green eyes glimmered, his arms winding their way around her narrow waist and pulling her towards him. He felt her breath quicken as he pushed his forehead lightly against hers. They stood there for a moment, perfectly comfortable. It had been a while since they'd been alone. They hadn't really spent much time together after spring break, with exams and all, and so when summer came, they were eager to have some time to themselves. Except that Camp kind of frowned upon that sort of thing. Their schedules were packed, as usual. You'd think after graduating high-school and saving the world (twice) that they could ease up on the training, but apparently not. And she didn't usually complain. Usually. Annabeth had long since convinced herself that training wasn't the most important thing. Yeah, sure it was up there, but it wasn't the most important. She had realized, after her little trip to Tartarus (Maybe a little too harsh a way to teach someone a life lesson, huh?) that other things mattered just as much, and so made an effort to enjoy them. Except that Camp kind of frowned upon that sort of thing. Annabeth consoled herself by reasoning that if Chiron and Mr. D went a little easier on the rules, she wouldn't have to sneak out in order for some quality time with Percy. Percy, on the other hand, didn't really care much about the rules anyway, so this didn't bother him at all. That doesn't mean he wasn't as inexplicably nervous as she was. "I haven't been in here in a while," Annabeth said finally, and it sounded a bit too lame for her taste. Percy chuckled a little. "Then maybe you should come by more often." Nose against nose, his eyes met hers and all the humor faded from the room. (Not that there was much there to begin with, really.) Annabeth became suddenly aware of the beds behind them, the feel of Percy's chest through his pale green t-shirt. She realized he was wearing thin, striped pajama bottoms, herself a thin long-sleeved shirt and jeans. Thin, skin-tight jeans. Too many thin layers of clothing. She felt Percy's hands tighten around her waist. Felt his eyes on her lips and then his lips on her lips, warm and soft and insistent. She felt her legs buckling and then moving backwards; felt her pushed against the cool paint as her hands ran frantically through the black waves of his hair and her lips devoured his. Felt his hands pinning her by the hips against the wall. He tasted good, like mint and saltwater and Percy. And he felt good too; he felt right, with his body pressed against hers. They were so close that they couldn't breathe, so close that they forgot to. Their ADHD senses were hyper-alert, their hearts pounding against their ribs and through their shirts. His hands moved up her hips, into the curve of her waist, up to cup her face, his rough, calloused palms against the soft skin of her cheeks. It wasn't her fault she sighed. Her hands in his hair pulled him closer, their mouths sloppy and desperate. It had been a long time for both of them. Annabeth had missed his kisses. She had forgotten how good this felt, and how, somehow, she always managed to melt in his arms. She felt it now, too. Felt her legs become weak and knew, if he wasn't so close that his body supported hers against the wall, she'd probably sink to the ground. When he moved his face away an inch to breathe, she couldn't think very much either. She was startled by the look in his eyes, the way her stomach fluttered uncontrollably and fire ran through her veins. "Annabeth," he mumbled, almost like a prayer. She felt the breath of her name coming from his lips. "Percy," she responded, voice barely a whisper. She leaned into him again, needing his lips on hers just as she had needed oxygen moments before. As she kissed him, a small part of her brain knew that a lot of this was chemical; that the reason she needed him like this was because of the dopamine and the serotonin, and how this week her levels of estrogen and luteinizing hormone were way higher than usual. And still, she needed him. Needed him because it felt good, because she loved him, because she was sure she couldn't live without him. Because she knew he was the best thing that had ever happened to her, because she remembered all the things they'd been through over the years. And in this moment, she could swear (as much as she could think in the situation) that this was the most she had ever needed him. Desire flowed through her in a way it never had before. She wasn't used to this feeling—this feeling of want and need and some sort of primal urge that she hadn't yet experienced. It scared her a little bit. It scared her that she wanted his hands all over her, not just on her hips and waist and face. It scared her that despite the fact there was practically no space between them, it wasn't close enough—she wanted to be closer. And it definitely scared her, more than death ever had, when she felt how he needed her, felt the bulge in his pants, felt how hot his skin was and how he couldn't kiss her hard enough. She, Annabeth Chase, was scared. Scared to take the next step, scared that she wanted to. Scared that he wanted to. It was when she felt his fingers slip onto the sliver of skin between her jeans and her shirt that she needed to pause, needed to sort out what the hell was going on inside her mushy cranium. Except that it felt so good when his cool fingers touched her warm skin, sending tingles and shivers up her spine. He paused, of course, ever the sweet one, his piercing green eyes looking into the clear, dark grey of hers. She saw it all in his eyes; saw his confusion, his hesitation, the desire. She saw her feelings reflected back. And she felt him groan and bury his face into the crook of her neck, her soft hair tickling his nose and his lips parted, slightly brushing her skin. They held on to each other, chests rising and falling, breaths and hearts rapid and uneven. "Percy?" Her voice sounded weak and faint. She wasn't used to confusion—she liked to know everything about the situations she was in. She hated uncertainty. "Yeah, Wise Girl?" His words were soft and gruff, and she felt them on her collar bone. He lifted his head up, and his nose trailed up her neck and face lightly, driving her insane. It wasn't fair that he could do this to her. She didn't understand how he could affect her like that. "I—" She cut herself off short. What was she supposed to say? She didn't know what to tell herself, let alone him. She moved her hands up to his face, holding him so his forehead was against hers. His hands rested lightly, every so lightly on her hips, his fingertips just brushing the fabric. Like if he moved any closer he wouldn't be able to control himself. Their breaths were ragged, and it was silent for the longest time, the dimmest of light cast across their features as the night went on. Neither of them, Annabeth knew, could decide what to say. Forget that. Neither of them knew what to think . Finally, after being still for so long, Percy tightened his grasp on her hips, letting out a heavy sigh. She felt the warm air against her already warm skin as he spoke, voice soft, gentle and extremely quiet. She wouldn't have heard him is she wasn't half-an-inch away. "What do you want, Annabeth?" he asked slowly, earnestly. He sounded a small, tiny bit exasperated. His words gave her pause. What did she want? Feeling him this close, her brain came up with multiple, conflicting answers. She wasn't happy with any of them. "I…" It was one of the few moments in her life when she had nothing to say, no words to express her thoughts. She cast her eyes away from his. She was embarrassed. Percy's right hand came up to her face, his palm against her cheek, long fingers brushing her neck and thumb gently stroking the skin just beneath her eye. Leaning in, his lips were a centimeter away from hers. "You what?" His voice was tender. It overwhelmed her then, everything that was going on. Her fear, her nervousness, her confusion. It was all new to her, and it didn't feel good. She wasn't in control, she wasn't brave or smart. She didn't know it all. Her face slid from his grasp, nestling shamefully into the crook of his neck. "I don't know, Percy." Her words were completely muffled, but he heard her just the same. A hand came up behind her head and held her to him, burying itself in her thick blond hair. "I have absolutely no idea what I want." To her surprise, Percy gave a nervous chuckle. "Good," he whispered into her hair. "Because neither do I." Slowly, she lifted her head. Her hands went softly to his shoulders, clutching them lightly as she looked into the pools of green that were his eyes. "Really?" Her voice was a soft, unsure whisper. "Mhm." Wrapping his arms tightly around her waist, he drew her against him once more, her arms winding their way around his neck. He leaned in and kissed her, softly, lightly, chastely. A long, simple, sweet kiss. It filled Annabeth with warmth, made her heart flutter. Made her knees weak again. Slowly, Annabeth pressed herself closer, pushing away all the space between them. She felt him responding too, and soon there was nothing innocent about the way he was kissing her, or the way she was kissing him. It was all fire, all sparks everywhere. The water in the salt-water fountain was roaring by the door, mimicking the patterns of Percy's mind. Water crashing against the slick, rough rocks. Churning, smashing, trying with all its might not to erupt. Not to let it all out in case it overwhelmed them both. Annabeth could feel it in the way he held her close, the way his lips fought tirelessly with hers. She felt his control slipping, heard the water pound and slosh and spill a little on the floor, drops spraying about. His back was tight and muscular through his shirt. There was no way she was letting him go. There were little alarms going off in the back of her head, but she could barely hear them or see