Just found a plot bunny, and I had to write it! Hope you like it! Don't forget to leave a review, cuz I would really really love them :) Enjoy! The Midnight Raid Lord Elrond of Imladris knew he was too old for this. O Valar! He was over 6000 years of age. He had seen countless wars and led many armies during his time. Why? Just why did he so much as consider having a part in such childish games his twin sons and foster son were known for. Maybe they had indeed rubbed off on him. He should be more careful in future. The only reason – which wasn't that much of a reason anyway – that made Elrond follow up with his plans was because he knew his foster son Aragorn so well. And he knew Aragorn's closest friend had arrived in Imladris two nights ago. That was why he let himself have a little bit of fun. Just this once. " Ada ?" There was a knock on the door to his study room. "Come in." Aragorn stepped into his study, dressed in his usual ranger clothes, except looking a lot fresher then when he had delivered the Hobbits after their encounter with the Ringwraiths. "You called for me?" Aragorn asked. The tall elf got up from his desk and approached the human. "Aragorn, there has been a thief creeping amongst the halls of Rivendell. I do not yet know his identity nor his intentions. Since I have not been able to catch him, I require your aid in this matter." Aragorn frowned, "what has this man been stealing?" "No, I do not think he is a man. He is too quick and sharp to be a man. No, he must be an elf. This elf has been raiding food from the kitchens for two nights already. We cannot let him continue such despicable behavior." Aragorn was silent, for his mind was reeling. An elf, lurking in the shadows, foraying the kitchens…? This was unusual, as Aragorn himself had been in company of elves for nearly all his childhood. He knew them well, and if there was one think he learnt about the race of Elves, it was that these graceful beings were not heavy eaters. "I would have tried to catch the thief myself, had I not been busy with some paperwork before the Council in a few days' time. I will entrust this duty to you, Aragorn. I have faith with your tracking skills." Aragorn bowed his head, "I will find this thief, Ada. Do not worry." The Ranger had turned and left as soon as he'd finished, and he missed the ever so faint twinkle in Elrond's eyes. "I'm starving, Merry," Pippin groaned, "and I am sure we've walked down this corridor at least two times already." "Stop the grumbling, Pip. We are all hungry," said Merry. "Besides, I don't suppose we could find our way back to our rooms either," added Frodo. Sam, who was lagging behind for a while hastened to catch up. He had been distracted by the tall columns of walls arches holding up the ceiling. "Maybe we should ask an elf for directions. Otherwise they might think we're sneaking around. This is their home after all," Sam muttered. He really wanted to talk to one of them. Frustrated, possibly from the growing hunger, Pippin snapped back, "It's the middle of the night, Sam! Do you see any elves around here?" Sam blushed, "I meant, there's got to be someone around." "Well, there isn't." Pippin said. "You don't mean to say elves do not need to have supper?" Sam wondered, more to himself. Frodo put his arm around Sam, "I don't think they do, Sam. They're not Hobbits after all. Bilbo did tell me once that they ate little." "I suppose being that old and all, they don't see the interest in eating after a while." Merry added thoughtfully. They roamed the corridors for at least another hour – that's what Pippin insisted. Sam didn't mind. He was hungry, that much was obvious, for he was a true Hobbit in flesh and blood. But that hour didn't feel like a long time. In the many winding passages of Rivendell, there were always many windows to look out at the trees and sky beyond. And it was pretty, Sam thought. The night was spotted with twinkling lights of silver, casting a faint glow upon the golden-red treetops which bristled lightly in the cool midnight breeze. Sam, who was currently admiring the intricate designs carved into the many arches of the hallway, was jerked out of his thoughts by Pippin's delighted squeal from way ahead. "It's here! I've found the kitchen! And there's plenty of food in here. Hurry!" The excited hobbit was pointing at a smaller, less prominent door which stood ajar. Pippin beckoned them to follow. Sam tore his eyes away from the beautiful architecture of this elven realm and broke into a rather clumsy run. He was hungry indeed. Very hungry. And his stomach was calling for his attention. The four hobbits huddled into the kitchen. It was small, lit only by a lamp which hung down from the ceiling by a cord, casting warm yellow light into the cozy kitchen. Though rather small compared to most other rooms in Rivendell, there was ample food. Sitting on the tables were bowls of fruits and breads. There were also tea and cakes. Bottles of wine stood on the rows of cupboards. They began to eat, chatting at the adventure they'd had on their journey to Rivendell, what they thought about Strider, how Rivendell compared to the greens of the Shire, and all that. Over all the food and small talk, the hobbits began to lose track of time. However, none of them seemed to mind; They were having a great time. That was, until a voice spoke from the shadows. "I take it you are enjoying your stay in Rivendell?" Startled at the voice, the four hobbits jumped in surprise, before leaping to their feet. Merry and Pippin instinctively snatched a couple of apples from the table and were poised to throw them at the intruder. Sam had a butter knife clutched in his hand, and Frodo was trying to hold his friends back. All four pairs of eyes raked the dark space where they'd heard the voice. "Show yourself, stranger!" Sam called out. There was silence at first, but then someone stepped out from a corner, behind a tall shelf of wine. And to the surprise and relief of the hobbits, it was an elf. The elf was tall, like the rest of his kin. But that was where the similarities stopped. Unlike most of the elves which resided in Rivendell, this elf in particular had long golden-blonde hair, with a light tunic in the shades of the forest. He was just…different. And strapped to his back was a full quiver and bow. With it was a sheath of twin knives with ivory handles. As to why anyone would carry weapons around Rivendell – which was the safest place the hobbits could think off after the Shire – they didn't know. The elf in question stepped towards them, palms forward in a placating gesture, a smile on his face. "I did not mean to startle you, Master Hobbits." The hobbits had long since lowered their guard – and weapons, if you counted handfuls of apples and a butter knife as a weapon – since the intruder had been an elf after all, and they could not fathom why an elf would possibly attack them. Sam spoke first, his cheeks tinged red, "I am sorry, I thought…we thought you were going to attack us. I mean, you came out of nowhere and…and I thought –" "I understand," the elf replied, "I did not expect anyone to come here at this hour. I was merely finding some food." "Would you like to stay and have supper with us, sir?" Sam asked hopefully. Maybe he could learn something about elves too. The elf hesitated. "I am sorry, Master Hobbits. As much as I would like to have your company, I have other places to be at the moment. I will be going now. Perhaps another time." And the elf gave them all a friendly smile before nimbly walking to a cupboard and bending down to reach for a handful of rice grains and various nuts before giving them a small bow with his head and leaping out of the window to the side of the kitchen. The hobbits barely managed to catch a glimmer of golden hair before the elf disappeared into the trees. "Well, that was…strange." Frodo said. "Wish he could have stayed for a while though," Merry sighed. Pippin yawned, "I think it's time we find our rooms too. Now that I'm not hungry, I'm starting to feel tired." "You're hopeless," said Merry. But they all agreed that it was time to turn in for the night – if they managed to find their way back, that is. As they got up from the table, and were about to shuffle out of the door, a man strode in quickly. They recognized the man immediately. It was Strider! "Strider, thank goodness you found us!" Frodo said. "We can't find our way back to our rooms." Aragorn smiled. It was just the Hobbits. For a moment he'd thought he had managed to catch the thief in the act. "I'm glad I found you Master Hobbits, and I will gladly show you back to your rooms. But first, I need to ask you a question." "What is it?" Sam asked curiously. It was usually Strider who had all the answers. "This is important, my dear hobbits, and I fear we have a thief in our midst." The hobbits stared. "A thief?" "I thought Rivendell was supposed to be safe." "What does he look like?" Aragorn raised a hand to hush them, "I do not yet know his appearance. But I was told that our thief is likely to be an elf. I was also told that he steals food. That's why I headed down to the kitchen." The hobbits frowned. True, the door to the kitchen had already been opened when they'd arrived. That was how Pippin managed to spot the kitchen in the first place. Yet when they entered, there had been no one. "It is too vague, Mr Strider. And elf that steals food could refer to any elf that is eating." Merry argued. Aragorn seemed to agree and he nodded, "but did you meet anyone tonight? Anything unusual?" Now they thought about it, there was something rather strange. They had met an elf just a few minutes earlier, and what was the first thing that came into their minds then? Different. The elf that startled them was not like the others here. The four hobbits seemed to have drawn the same conclusion and they glanced at each other. Could that be the elf Strider was talking about? They didn't want to jump to conclusions, since the elf hadn't attacked them or anything. But they decided it was best to tell Strider. If there was truly a thief lurking in the dark, he should be caught right away. "Well, there was this elf…" And they confided in Strider everything about the curious and mysterious elf that had visited them not long ago. The hobbits held nothing back. They described the intruder from his appearance to every little action he did. Frodo thought Strider looked distant at first. The man had a faraway look as though he was remembering an event that had happened a long time ago. But Frodo passed it off because the next second, Strider was listening intently to their encounter. When they had finished, Strider leant down to them, "Master Hobbits, I must ask a favour from you so that we may catch this thief." Flustered by