Disclaimer: All the recognisable characters are owned by J.K.R. No money is being from this story. I only own the Plot. A/N : I had a sudden inspiration so I had to type it out. Harry and Hermione hold a special place in my heart. I hope you all like it. Please read and review. A/N (Edited) - The story has been slightly edited. Thanks to the reviewers - Kai and Philosophize, I noticed one huge mistake in the story. For reason, I typed Grindlewald instead of Voldemort during the scene with Dumbledore. Don't know how that escaped me. It's been corrected now. Please read the note below for further details. Thank you. "Hey, you alright?" Hermione looked at her best friend who was staring worriedly at her. They were camping just outside Hogwarts. She knew it was killing him to stay here and not go inside. She didn't want to worry him further but she couldn't help it. Sirius ... He was inside. Living, healthy and very much not the man she fell in love with. It was taking every bit of her will power to stop herself from going inside and stopping what will happen. It was a fixed point. She wasn't to change it. That's what Dumbledore had stressed upon before ... before he died. But it was so hard. "-mione. Hermione!" She jolted as Harry's voice penetrated her muddled thoughts. "Hey, I'm here. You know I would do anything to help you." Hermione looked at her friend's green eyes. They looked so serious. When did he turn into this mature, dependable man she could trust and tell anything. They had both changed. Ever since Ron had left. She had waited, but he never came back. Ron's abandonment had changed both of them. Harry had grown out of his sulky phase and actually thought before he acted. He listened and did his best to learn all he could from her. She had even caught him reading her books. Yes, they had both grown in the forest where their third part left, where they faced the reality of war, where they realised they only had each other to count on. No one was left. She thought back about how it happened. How they came to be here … Flashback Harry and Hermione were sitting in a tent. Hermione was lost in her thoughts. She had been doing that a lot ever since Ron had left them. Mostly, she was thinking about Harry. They had grown closer - closer than ever before. She had learned things about Harry she didn't even know. She thought she knew everything about her best friend but he had proved her wrong. For the first time he had let his guard down - completely. She was blown away by how much he hid behind his masks. They all had things to hide but Harry, he had the most. They had comforted each other. Hermione had cried when Harry told her about growing up with the Dursleys. she had held him tightly when he told her how he had almost died when he was only seven. A child, beaten by the only people who were supposed to take care him. They taught him that nothing could be taken for granted. She was fiercely glad they couldn't do anything more to him. She cursed Dumbledore for sending him back there - again and again. After, they lay on the bed, holding each other. She could feel him stroking her hair. She closed her eyes as she felt her throat tighten from remembering another hand doing the same, just rougher. How his hands felt, how he played with her hair before gently swiping them aside and kissing her neck. How he held her when he made love to her. How tightly he held her after. A tear slipped before she could help it. Another slipped and soon she was crying, hiccuping while clutching Harry's shirt. The tears wouldn't stop. It was too painful to remember. "Hermione ..." She shook her head, her throat closed up as she tried to come up with words to explain but she couldn't do it. She couldn't come up with any more excuses and so she let it all out. How she fell in love with a man who was never really meant for this time. How his past still haunted him and how she was his only escape from reality. How they both used each other but still loved each other with all they had. How Sirius Black had helped her become the woman she was. Harry held her through it all. He never let her go as she explained how she fell in love with his godfather. He was too old for her, she knew. But they couldn't help it. They were drawn to each other like moth to flame. Sirius was her first love, the first man she let herself go. He taught her what it was like to let go but still hold on. A part of her had died when he died. It was hard to go on without missing him, without aching to touch him, knowing that she would never be able to see his smile again, hear his gruff voice tell her how much he loved her. Harry stayed quiet as she told him everything. It felt good to tell someone finally. She was too tired. To be the only one to know was slowly killing her. Once it was over, she couldn't look at him. She was afraid what she would see if she turned to look at his face. She resisted when Harry gently turned her chin around. "Hermione, look at me." She raised her eyes at his gentle voice. There was no censure, no anger, no pity. Only acceptance. "You know I would never judge you for whatever you do. You're the only one who stayed by my side through everything. You're my best friend and I would do anything for you." Hermione cried at his fierce words. It was too much. With a sob, she dove into his arms and clutched his shoulders. "Harry ... oh Harry ..." "Yeah love, I'm right here. Shh ... It's alright." She quieted as he comforted her. His words had given her a new strength. She knew what she had to do. She had been postponing telling Harry about it. She didn't even want to think about it but she supposed it was time now. While Harry had his own mission from the previous headmaster, she was given an altogether different task. Dumbledore had left enough clues for her to figure out what her mission was. She hadn't told Harry but it was time. "Harry ... do you remember when Dumbledore gave me a blank book during the beginning of out sixth year?" Harry nodded. "Well, as you might have guessed, it wasn't a blank book. It was a diary. A diary of Ariana Dumbledore." Hermione paused as Harry's brows furrowed in confusion. She forgot that she hadn't told him who Arianna was. "Ariana was Dumbledore's sister. She died long before we met him. The thing is, everyone thought she died during the fight between Dumbledore and Gindlewald but that's not actually true." Harry was focusing now completely on what she was saying. "You see, she was a seer. A seer who was too powerful. Not only could she see the future but she could also see the past. Her powers grew and with them she gained some terrifying abilities. She could travel wherever she wished, across different times. She was a living, breathing and more advanced version of a time turner." Hermione continued. "But nobody knew how much it took from her to travel through time. She couldn't change anything because nobody could see or touch her whenever she travelled. She was only an observer. Dumbledore realised what it was doing to her. It was killing her. With every journey through time, her magic depleted along with her life energy. Nobody can mess with time and not pay the price. She could see time so time took her life." "She knew she didn't have long so she wrote a diary. She was a very smart witch and knew it wasn't the end of her. She had potential to grow so she researched and studied everything about time travel and came up with some theories. Ironically enough, she ran out of time before she could actually prove any of them true." "Before dying, she made sure to protect her diary and gave Dumbledore some very specific instructions." Hermione drew a breath as she paused. Harry was giving her a look that said he knew where this was going. Sometimes he was eerily perceptive. "Yes, Ariana asked Dumbledore to give it to me. Funny, isn't it? I hated divination so much but turns out, I have some latent abilities. At first, I didn't want anything to do with it but I realised the significance of it and how it could help us. So I studied it and I think I've finally come up with something that might help us." She paused again, gathering her thoughts. Harry was being surprisingly patient , not even asking any questions. Well, this was it. "You see, one of her theories talked about going into the past, but not as an observer. If we could erase ourselves from one timeline, then we could potentially become tangible in another. I'm not going to go into details but basically, we can travel through the past but our existence would be completely erased in this timeline. It has an eighty percent success rate. If we failed, we would be stuck in between time lines and we would die. No body would remember us but if we succeeded, then we could change it all." "I know it's not an easy dec-" "Let's do it." Hermione looked at Harry, startled. "Harry! Are you sure? Think about it. We can only do it once and if anything goes wrong, we can die or even worse." "It's okay Hermione. Even you know we're not going to win this war. Everyone is dead and Voldemort has hidden his horcruxes again after realising what we were after. What is left to do for us here? I can't lose you too Hermione. You're the only thing now-" Harry paused and gritted his teeth. He clenched his hands and said seriously, "I'm not letting you killed here." Hermione breathed. "What if it doesn't work?" Harry smiled and held her hands. His hands were warm and calloused. They held her reassuringly and gave her the confidence she needed. "It will." Hermione nodded, looking at Harry's determined gaze. Yes, they would make it work. It was ready. Their way to the past was ready and Hermione was hyperventilating. "Hermione! It's okay. You've checked the calculations multiple times. Nothing will go wrong." Hermione nodded. Yes, she had done her best to make sure there were no errors. They were finally doing it. It had taken them months to figure everything out. Turns out, Harry's magic was the key. And so, now they were ready. How they had hidden from Voldemort for this long, Hermione didn't know but she was glad they weren't caught. They held each other as Hermione started the process of sending them back. "You ready?" She asked Harry. "Let's do it." harry suddenly grinned at her and hugged her tightly. The air sizzled and spiked as they made their way to the past. She could feel the waves of time touching them curiously. So far, it was going according the plan. After what seemed like hours but was actually barely a minute, they stopped. Hermione looked around as Harry released her. They were here. She recognised the forest. They had done it. She looked at Harry who was smiling at her. They both were excited at being alive. There was hope again. This time, they wouldn't fail. End of Flashback. "Are you