Chapter one I will never understand the necessity of shaving every part of my body daily. Who even looks close enough to see the minuscule length of hair that could have grown in the space of twelve hours? Despite my reluctance and well-balanced argument, I am sat on a chair whilst my prep team circle round me plucking and shaving any hairs they can find. I close my eyes and block out the sounds of their uninteresting chatter just as I do every other make over time. When I finally open my eyes my prep team have finished. My hair is weaved into an intricate plait which falls loosely over my left shoulder. When I study it closer I can see small diamond crystals entwined into the braid that catch the light. My eyes have been lined with blue and black making the dullness of my grey eyes stand out more. As always, I look phenomenal. "Cinna left this for you." Flavius says pointing towards a deep blue dress that has been carefully laid out on a chair opposite where I am sat. I walk over to it slowly; it's not as if I actually want to be anywhere today. As always Cinna has created a masterpiece. The dress a deep navy blue colour, made out of a fabric I am told is velvet by Octavia. I watch closely as the material changes into a deeper colour when I run my hand along it. I will always admit that fashion fascinates me. The outrageousness of the Capitol with their cosmetically altered skin colours and stretched bodies. I am still as surprised as I was the first time I met Cinna at how normal he is compared to the rest of them. Small diamonds cover the entire bodice whilst other diamonds travel down the left side of the dress. I try not to think of all the people in the different Districts that will be going hungry tonight whilst I have enough money to be able to chuck diamonds onto a dress. My prep team helps me put the dress on making sure it goes over my head with care as to not destroy their own masterpiece. The fabric clings to me but not uncomfortably. Once dressed with deep navy shoes to match I leave the makeover room and head down to the carriage I know Haymitch will be in. The stench of alcohol turns my stomach but I press on. "Well aren't you a glittery princess." He says gesturing up and down my body to the diamonds that sparkle because of the light. He stumbles towards the bar and tries to pour himself another drink. I hurry over and quickly take the bottle off him. He groans in protest but quickly relaxes when he sees me pouring it into his glass as well as another. I watch as he knocks it back in one mouthful. I try to copy but it burns my throat and I end up coughing with a scrunched up face. Haymitch chuckles, "Drinking has never been your thing Katniss." I smile at him. "Why is Effie saying you're looking for me?" I ask, setting the glass down on the table. "The driver just informed me that we are going to have to stay the night in the next district." He says. I stare at the glass in front of me. Of all places to be stuck it has to be District 2. "Something is wrong with the engine. Not bad enough to not get us there but they'll need the night to get it ready again." He explains. "This has never happened before," I whisper. Capitol organised events always run smoothly, it's one of their prized accomplishments. "I can't imagine Effie taking this well." I try to laugh but it came out sounding horrifically fake. "She wasn't best pleased. Speaking of schedules, you need to be at the doors in," he glances at his watch, "Five minutes." he turns back and pours another drink before leaving the carriage. I slink back into the chair and let out an audible groan. If I just stay here do you reckon they'd come get me? Of course they would. Capitol sweethearts aren't allowed to hide away. I stand up and make my way to the doors. As I get closer a general sound of chat becomes louder, until I'm able to pick out individual voices. Haymitch, Cinna, Effie. All of them waiting for me. As soon as Effie catches sight of me she's off flustering about making sure that everything is ship shape for my almost royal welcome. "At least look like you're happy to be here." Haymitch whispers into my ear, just like he has for the past nine days. I try to look happy as the train begins to slow down whilst pulling into District 2's station. I'm more than a little surprised at the amount of people waiting to great me, some are even clapping. With one last glance at Haymitch I step off and immediately Peacekeepers beckon for me to follow them into the Justice Building. "This way please Miss Everdeen." One says, turning and climbing the steps to the stage doors. I follow him, hearing the rowdy crowd grow louder. I always used to find the Peacekeeper uniform scary, not being able to see their faces through the masks. Although hardly any of them wore the helmets back home, unlike everywhere else we have been. Now people in masks are the last things that haunt me at night. Haymitch hands me the cards Effie has taken so much time preparing and I hear, very faintly, the mayor begin his welcoming speech. "People of District 2, the Victor of the 74th annual Hunger Games. Katniss Everdeen." He finally finishes and the two peacekeepers open the doors. I step out onto the stage and walk towards the microphone. I quickly glance behind and see both Haymitch and Effie walk through the doors too. Looking quickly I see the somewhat blank stares from the crowd. Some faces look happy. Some faces look like they would rather be anywhere but welcoming me. Around the middle of the crowd, two families sit on one of the stages each. Behind each stage is a screen with the holographic picture of the fallen tributes from District 2 displayed on it. Not wanting to look at them much longer, I look down at the cards Effie prepared. I run off the speech with as much emotion as I can muster. "On behalf of the Capitol and myself, I would like to thank the fallen tributes of District 2 for their sacrifice." I pause shortly, looking to the family of each one in turn. The family of the male looks at me with loathing clear in their eyes. "They brought great honour to their district." I say, staring directly into the eyes of the tallest male. At the end I am met with a rather unusually loud applause. A little girl dressed in a pretty summer dress comes up to me with a ginormous bouquet of flowers. "When I grow up, I am going to volunteer, just like you did." She says when she hands them to me. Her words cause a pang in my chest. Am I really seen as a role model for murdering people? I notice Haymitch stiffen at her words also; he glances at me and tries to give me a reassuring smile. He comes forward and puts his arm round my waist, guiding me from the stage and back into the Justice Building. "Miss Everdeen!" the Mayor says, taking my hand and shaking it. "Delighted to have you staying with us for the night." I smile to him, not wanting to make any more conversation than necessary. Thankfully Effie walks over to us, her bright green hair swaying as she bounces along. "We have been given two houses to use for the night, one for you and one for Haymitch, Cinna and I," she says, her face scrunching up a little at the thought. "Everyone else will remain on the train. As for now, we are going on a tour." She claps excitedly. "I'm already on one." I grumble quietly making Haymitch laugh unnecessarily loud. "Manors, Katniss." She replies sternly and I roll my eyes at her. A young man comes towards us and shows us to the car. Cinna sits beside me as Haymitch goes opposite, sipping from a flask every so often. I gloomily look out of the window to the outside. The driver keeps pointing out 'interesting' features of the district but I can't see anything except wealth. How different it all is to back home. No children in straggly clothes sitting on the streets, cold and hungry. As we travel further however the houses and buildings become less well-built and resemble the ones back home – even if they weren't quite as bad as the Seam. The driver tells us how some of the mines have been shut down and are used for other purposes. Haymitch gives me a look and it doesn't take a lot to fit the puzzle together. Looking closely I see groups of people, boys and girls around my age, but some even younger, laughing and conversing just outside an entrance. All of them seem to notice the car as they tap each other and nod towards us. Quickly, I look away. I knew it happened, everybody did – even the Capitol. But seeing it first hand, shakes me. Cinna seems to sense my distress and gives me a reassuring squeeze. The car comes to a stop a short walk away at the gates to the Victors Village. I am amazed at how similar it is to back home, though more used. I follow my team silently as the mayor leads us to the nearest house. The twitch of a curtain in the house beside catches my eye. It seems so different here. More of the houses have sense of life, the grass is all neatly kept. Smoke leaves from a few chimneys further away. It is a far sight from the abandonment at home. "I'm going for a shower." I mumble to whoever is listening as soon as we are inside. I take the familiar route to the exact same bathroom that we have in District 12. I programme it for raspberry scented bubbles, Prim's favourite. I sit down on the shower floor, close my eyes and just let the bubbly water mixture hit my back. I don't know how long I stay like this but when my fingers and toes start to become wrinkly I quickly finish washing the rest of my body and get out. I don't bother with the fancy hair drying technology instead I just shrug on a loose fitting top and trousers then slowly wonder back downstairs. Thankfully I am greeted by Cinna, Haymitch and Effie all around the table with pots and pots of steaming food. As soon as I sit down a signal sends to the others and we all dive in like animals. I have often felt guilty being able to eat as much as I can when others, including my old self, go without. I push the thoughts to the back of my mind and dig into a fish stew. Once finished I quietly excuse myself and head towards the bedroom I have been allocated to use. Immediately I am haunted at the similarity of the room to my new one at home, the décor is almost exactly the same. Pushing the thoughts of home that come flooding back aside I slip into bed and drift off to sleep. I am running. Everything burns, my legs, arms, stomach. I have to keep going though. I can hear him only metres behind, why won't he just go away? I never asked for this. Tears are flooding down my cheeks. I do not care about trying to look strong anymore, they would