Author's Note: While this tale does indeed take place during my time away at college, it is a one shot which is NOT dependent on my story Conspiracies . I hope you enjoy this little glimpse into my apartment life; please be sure to leave me some feedback! . . . Dedicated to my fantastic roommates. Thank you guys for putting up with me and for teaching me so many things during my first year of college. Y'all are the best! . . . To say that Estel was excited was a great understatement. She had been waiting for this day for a long time—since October 15 of last year, to be exact. Now it had finally come, and she was more than eager to buckle down and absorb the glory that would commence in only a few short hours. As soon as her professor dismissed the class at 3:15, Thalion nearly leapt from her seat as she quickly gathered her computer and pencils, shoved them hastily into her backpack, and made for the door. Despite her anticipation, she had enjoyed her afternoon Romans class. Who knew there could be so many interpretations about Israel in Romans 11? She had been awed anew as her professor explained the design of redemptive history which used hardening and jealousy to accomplish salvation. The fanfiction writer tried to let her mind dwell on those things, but soon she drifted off into her habit of writing everything that happened to her. She was pretty sure she was just starting a pretty good description of the moment when suddenly the peace and order of the day were shattered by the appearance of two familiar faces. Walking towards her down the wooden hall that led towards the exit was the dynamic duo of Gondor: Aragorn and Faramir. They were dressed not in their royal attire, but in travel stained cloaks as though they were reverting to their ranger days. Estel's feet stopped in their tracks, and her mouth went dry. This could not be happening. Not today of all days. "Good afternoon," Aragorn greeted kindly, adding an innocent smile to seal his seemingly harmless appearance. Thalion did not fall for it. "What are you doing here?" she asked in a low voice as she began moving towards her two muses again, this time glancing back and forth to see if anyone was watching her. Aragorn had no idea what kind of mess he had just walked into. "We crave an audience with you, if it doesn't cause you any inconvenience," came the reply of the always-polite steward. Estel wanted to roll her eyes, but that is hard to do when facing someone as nice as Faramir. "Don't you guys know anything about this school?" Thalion hissed in a paranoid whisper. "At least half the people here have read The Lord of the Rings multiple times. One of the professors is basically a Tolkien scholar. You'll be recognized and swarmed for sure! Do you want to spend the next week signing autographs and giving lectures or something?" Aragorn seemed surprised by this news, but then for a horrible moment, the writer was afraid her muse was actually considering this an entertaining prospect. Faramir didn't say a word, and his expression was unreadable. At last, the ranger of the north (not to be confused with the ranger of Ithilien standing next to him) cracked a small grin and shook his head. "Now would not be a good time for that," he affirmed. "Shall we adjourn?" Estel gave a hurried nod before half leading and half pushing her muses towards the exit as quickly as she could. In an attempt to avoid witnesses who might expose the rangers' identity, Thalion led her guests out a back way and briskly brought them to the parking lot. "Quick," she breathed as they finally reached the shade of the tree that protected Estel's wonderfully faithful vehicle, affectionately known as Nahar. Faramir squished his tall form into the cramped backseat of the sedan while the writer put her backpack in the trunk. Out of the corner of her eye, she spotted two of her roommates nearing their car, and she felt panic seize her. What in the world would they think if they saw her loading two strangers into her vehicle? Hopefully at least for the moment they wouldn't notice— "Estel!" the older of the two roommates called, her sister also looking up to face the unfortunate writer. "Who's that with you?" A very fake, anti-calm smile appeared on Thalion's face, and she let out a nervous chuckle as she shot a gaze at Aragon that pleaded for help. The King of Gondor was not yet in the vehicle, so he turned to face the two roomies and waved politely. "I and my companion are long-time friends of Estel," he said quite regally. "We intend to visit with her this afternoon; perhaps we will become acquainted with you more properly upon our reaching of your dwelling." So, not only had Aragorn probably blown their minds, but he had also just invited himself over. It took every ounce of self-will for the writer not to face-palm. "Oh, okay," the girl said, clearly confused. "See you then, I guess." She gave her sister a quizzical look before getting into her own car and starting it up. Estel wondered what their conversation on the way back would sound like. "Into the car, your highness," Thalion ordered as she sat behind the wheel and jammed her key home. She figured she should be the first one to the apartment, and that meant she would have to beat the others. Not only did the two sisters attend that class, but another roommate would also be coming home at the same time, perhaps emerging from the building any second. Thank the Valar, the final two parties of Estel's apartment would likely be sticking around school for a while, so at least there wouldn't be a crowd right off the bat. There was no small amount of backseat driving from the rangers as the writer pealed around the curvy roads and got up to the speed limit in as little time as possible after every traffic light. They clearly thought they could navigate the streets of Florida better than Thalion, though of course they had no idea what kind of skill and experience that requires. At one halt, the writer noticed her ball cap, still sitting on the dashboard where she had left it earlier that morning, and she could not resist a smile as she reached out and put it on. "Is that for baseball?" Aragorn ventured to ask as he looked at the strange contraption. "Indeed," the writer answered happily. "Today is Opening Day." "Splendid," the ranger of the north affirmed with a grin. "This will work out perfectly." Estel's expression grew concerned. "What will work out?" "Well, the reason I've brought by beloved steward here is so that you can explain the depths of baseball to him." Thalion almost slammed on the brakes, but she managed to only slightly swerve out of her lane and to choke on nothing. "Explain baseball?" she asked incredulously. "Whatever for?" "Because Elessar has hardly ceased to speak of it since you first introduced it to him," Faramir answered cheerfully from his squished position in the backseat. "I felt I would be a more competent steward if I knew of all my king's affairs." "And he's curious," Aragorn added with a chuckle. "Why would you balk at the opportunity to enlighten him?" "Because I'm an insanely busy college student with a life and homework," the exasperated writer answered. "Following the game today was going to be a great sacrifice which will cost me much sleep." "Then you can just explain it while we watch," the ranger retorted stubbornly. "No time lost." "But I was going to watch in my room," Thalion continued. "You know, so I wouldn't bother everyone else. But if you guys tag along, we'll have to sit obnoxiously in the kitchen for three whole hours! My roomies all secretly think my love of baseball is nuts, and that's only from the stuff I show them—the tip of the iceberg. If could read my prayer log during games, they wouldn't know whether to laugh or cry." "Don't be silly," Aragorn said, "I'm sure they admire your faithfulness." Estel rolled her eyes but didn't bother to contradict her muse's nonsense. "And besides," he went on, "we are no poor guests; we will be as courteous as possible. When we leave, they shall be glad of our stay." Thalion sighed and remained silent for a moment. She truly did love talking about baseball, and no one at school indulged her much. And she would definitely enjoy introducing her team to Faramir. Maybe this wouldn't be all that bad, as long as she made the guests explain everything themselves. "Alright," she consented at last. "But you handle all the questions." "Deal," the king agreed, sending Faramir a look of victory. "Thank you," the steward added kindly and genuinely, a gesture that made the writer grin. Finally, the trio reached the apartment. It did not even cross the writer's frayed mind to warn her guests about the state of the inside, and so it was that when they entered the small space, the two rulers were quite shocked. "By the Valar," murmured the ranger of Ithilien. "When was this place last lived in?" "Very funny," Estel remarked, though she knew the naïve steward was not trying to joke. He'd probably never seen a mess like this, but then again, he'd also probably never tried taking fulltime classes at a very difficult school. "It's rare that anyone has time for dishes, it seems," the writer explained. "Cleaning only happens when we expect lots of guests." Both rangers' noses wrinkled at the smell of rotten food and the sound of gnats buzzing about, but Thalion gave up making excuses. She knew they only had minutes left before someone arrived, so she tried her best to control the situation. "Okay," she said, facing her muses and holding their gazes solemnly. "The game starts in about an hour. My roommates are going to be very confused, I have no doubt. Explain the impossibility of the situation however you want, just don't lie and don't lay this all on me. Don't be deceived by age—these are very smart girls, and I'm sure you can carry out reasonable conversations with them. You might even enjoy it." "I am sure that we will," Faramir affirmed with a smile. The fanfiction writer knew she ought to be present when her roommates began appearing, but she really didn't want to. Thinking up a good excuse, she quickly excused herself to her room to unpack and change clothes. She took as long as she could with these tasks, and so it was that when she emerged—clothed in her team's gear from head to toe—she saw that her attempt had been successful. The two sisters who had spotted the party in the parking lot were busy with introductions, though from their amazed gazes, Estel supposed that they weren't retaining much of what Aragorn was saying. Not only were the clothes and appearances of the rangers very strange, but even non-fangirls have admitted that the two muses in question are fairly attractive. Thalion hardly ever noticed that sort of thing, but she was the oddity of the apartment in that regard (and most others, the poor nerd). "…and Estel was kind enough to offer us hospitality for the evening," Aragorn was saying. "We hope our presence will not disturb your routines." "No, you're fine," the older of the two sisters answered, waving off any other possibilities dismissively. "Do whatever you want." "Yeah, we're used to company," the younger added. Thalion breathed a sigh of relief and gave both her roomies a smile of gratitude as she brought her computer to the kitchen table and opened its