1)FIRE Frodo finally looked into their small camp fire. Since Mordor he had hidden his dislike of it from others. Even in the safety of Rivendell he avoided the Hall Of Fire. Flames writhed, wrapping about the wood they had collected, flickering gold, orange and red. Devouring even as the eye had tried to devour his mind; it trapped him in memory with the stench of sulphur and skin blistering heat. Sam's strong hand reached across his vision, rolling sausages in his new frying pan. And suddenly the fire was just a fire; a place of good food, warmth and companionship. END 2.) PET "Come on, Pet. Just two mouthfuls. For Mama." The wee lad just curled up on his side, pale lips clenched. Primula sighed. "It will make you feel better and stop you being sick," she coaxed, brushing back her son's curls. "Tastes nasty," Frodo mumbled into his pillow. Primula inhaled the steam deeply. "Not too bad. I've added honey. And it can't be as nasty as being sick," she pointed out. Frodo sniffled, fixing her with brimming blue eyes. Uncurling slowly he warily accepted the cup. He was never going to eat apples again. At least . . . not twenty at a time. END 3.) TRANSPORTATION "What's that word, Mr Frodo? Never seen that one before." "Trans-port-ation. It's whatever you use to get from place to place, Sam." "So my feet is trans . . . transpartatin? And Bob Carter's wagon?" "Transportation. Yes." -o- "Is Bill transportation?" "Yes, Sam." "I'm glad he's here." "Me too." -o- "Those beasties are transportation." "Of the worst kind, Sam." -o- "Wish I'd been awake for the ride on the eagle, Mr Frodo." "Now there's transportation." -o- "That boat's transportation too, isn't it?" "I'm afraid so, Sam." "I can't come with you?" "Perhaps one day you'll follow." "You didn't say transportation takes folks away as well as to." END 4.) PLANTS Sam tensed as chubby fingers eased hair-fine roots from the pot, wincing as a plantlet plopped on to the lawn, several inches from carefully grubbed hole in the border. Restraining the urge to rescue, he waited as rosebud lips formed a startled O and his firstborn gathered the marigold in gentle palms, bestowing a sloppy kiss on the leaves before setting it safely in moist loam. Her grubby fingertips tucked soil snugly about the stem. Smiling, Sam leaned back proudly to watch. Little Elanor may have a hint of elven in her looks but she was Gamgee through and through. END 5.) THREATS "Share," demanded Merry. "Why?" replied Pippin innocently, polishing the apple on his sleeve. "Because we're cousins and cousins share things." Merry inched closer. "You ate yours earlier. This one's mine." Pip clutched the apple, backing away with a grin. Merry only followed. "Share or you'll be sorry." "Will he now?" Merry smiled ingenuously. "Hello Frodo. It's just a little disagreement." "Sam! I need a hand, here." Merry ran but it was only moments later that he decided he didn't like being suspended upside down in a tree. Especially when Pippin sat before him, smirking as he ate that damned apple. END 6.) WATER Anyone observing his master would think he was admiring the exquisitely cut glass in his hand. Lifted to the light, rainbows flashed off finely polished edges to dance upon the snowy table cloth. Their page approached, taking the action as a signal to top up the water. Holding very still, Frodo seemed mesmerised by the flow of clear liquid from ewer to glass and Sam could almost sense the disappointment when, glass filled, the young lad blithely turned away. Frodo sipped and serenity washed over his face. Sam felt a tear fall as he too remembered the ashes and fire. END 7.) WIND Air ripping at hair and clothing, flooding his open mouth. Land and sky a spinning kaleidoscope of light, searing sight to cleansing tears. Hoof beat on packed earth vibrating powerfully through aching thighs. Eomer's arms hug Frodo close against firm muscled body, moulded as one with the horse. A heart thunders beneath him, another behind, evidence of life full and overflowing. A vigour that must find expression in this headlong rush into being. There should be terror, but instead Frodo is purged of fear, immersed in the here, the now, this day, life. He cries his joy into the wind. END 8.) HOBBY "Hamfast Gamgee, you're off yer noddle!" Bell declaimed roundly. " Tis only a hobby. There's a contest down The Green Dragon," her husband replied. "Hobbies is for folks with nothin' better to do with their time." "Mr Bilbo has his writin'." "That's my point!" Bell retorted. "We could always eat the pumpkin after," Hamfast suggested weakly. "Have you ever tasted one of them giant pumpkins? They don't taste of nothin'. I aint cookin' with one. Tis a waste of my good piecrust," Bell declared as she stomped back in the smail. Hamfast sighed and went back to planting the peas. END 9.) TRADITION King Elessar had to lean back to assess the mighty throne of Gondor. "With all those steps I shall be fearful of nosebleeds. There is no room for councillors to stand at my side and at this distance we will all have to shout to each other." Faramir grinned. "Tradition dictated another step with each new king. That's thirty-four. And I understand that council was not always welcomed." "Indeed." Elessar paused to consider then determinedly strode away, calling over his shoulder, "Tear it down. I want one step so I can see and be seen, and room for my councillors." END 10.) EARTH Feet shuffle deep into the soft dampness of the border, headless of prospective chiding from Sam. Long summer has warmed the rich loam, sending tendrils of comfort through him. But it is not enough to dispel flesh's chill, or fill echoing heart. He knows now. Were he to plant himself so deeply that he took root like some venerable oak, this land could not nourish him as once it had. Something splashes upon his foot and he glances down, surprised to see a tear trembling on dark hair. Stepping back onto the lawn he bends to brush away his footprints. END 11.) BREAKING THE HABIT He had grown used to balancing its dark weight around his neck. Used to its' warmth against his chest. Used to clutching it safe as he ran. Used to hearing it's seductive lies in his mind. It was gone, yet a maimed hand still strayed to his breast; groping wildly for the weight, the warmth, the whispers. But now three fingered hand captured bright crystal threaded on a delicate chain; gift from the new queen. Perhaps some habits should not be broken. For this cool gem sang brightly of love, hope, healing and clear starlight over a far green country. END 12.) BETRAYAL Esmeralda Brandybuck pursed her lips and eyed the line of fidgeting tweens. "I don't mind anyone taking food, although it would be polite to ask. But to eat the entire mushroom flan? That I cannot condone." The lads shuffled hairy feet, seeming to find the floor very interesting of a sudden, so Esmeralda continued. "I'm hoping you all had a piece because I'm certain one tummy could not contain it all." Frodo could only swallow in silent agreement as he felt his stomach begin to churn. Then, in an embarrassing rush, it betrayed him completely. "Frodo. I should have known." END 13.) REBELLION Theoden King called it rebellion. Or at least Grima named it such on his behalf. Eomer knew well enough that if he returned to the Golden Hall he would be arrested, so he and those loyal to him kept well away from Meduseld. A large party of orcs had been spotted by his outriders just after noon so they were turning north and a little west to intercept them before they reached Isengard. This was no rebellion but a war and it was a war Eomer intended to win for his people whether Grima, son of Galmod approved or no. END 14.) WHAT HAPPENS NOW? He floated, a wisp of down on air as soft as green in springtime. Sunbeams caressed pale cheeks and Ithilien enfolded him in the sweet perfume of leaf and blossom. Gone, the cloying grey misty tendrils robbing warmth, the acrid dust clogging his breath. Darkness that had leached all to grey was swept away and strength devouring flame, extinguished. Destroyed. He was free of it. But was he whole? Healed? Upon-a-time his soul had brimmed, instead there was only a bereft and aching cavity. The Ring was gone. Who, now, was Frodo Baggins . . . once son, cousin, friend . . . Ringbearer? END 15.) RETALIATION Legolas pushed past him with a sigh. "Can you not run?" he murmured at the shorter dwarf. Gimli bristled, picking up his pace. "My folk marched fast enough outside Erebor." "Yet still needed elven help," the Mirkwood elf called back. oOo Gimli scowled, burrowing his way through the drifts. Sensing lightly shod feet hurrying atop the snow at his shoulder he couldn't help himself. His axe haft flew sideways and he was rewarded with the sight of Legolas, princely son of Thranduil, taking an undignified swan dive to land face down in a snowdrift. "Can you not run?" he asked mildly. END 16.) COUNT DOWN NINE mortal kings fall to greed and Morgul spell and nine companions set out in unlikely fellowship, from Rivendell's secret valley. Steward's son falls, leaving only EIGHT to tell their tale in red bound book. SEVEN dwarven rings are lost to dark and devouring dragon flame and the line of SIX fair Noldor lords ends with Gil-galad's fall, at very entrance to the Dark Lord's lair. FIVE mighty wizards stride the land while FOUR innocent hobbits change the world. THREE hidden elven rings support TWO lone friends, as they scale the fiery mountain of doom to destroy ONE golden ring. END 17.) CELEBRATION The sweet scent of crushed grass envelopes him as he prances, giggling and sparkling eyed, among the swirl and caper of dancers. Short cropped blades of green poke teasingly between his toes, tickling his instep and cushioning his heels. Two gross of feet have stepped and danced, paused and strolled upon this grassy carpet yet it holds life so abundantly that it recoils at once . . . ready to embrace another foot as willing lads and lasses line up toe to toe for the next birthday reel. Frodo Baggins, coming of age today, wishes this night would never end. END 18.) COUNT UP "Pippin, why does my pile of cobnuts look smaller than yours?" asked Merry. Pippin weilded his most innocent, auntie melting expression. "It's just the way they're arranged." Merry frowned. "Then count yours," he demanded. "Alright. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Same as yours. I'll show you." Pippin reached across to point. "One, two, four, five, seven, eight. There." Sam opened his mouth but only managed, "Ooof!" when Frodo dug him sharply in the ribs. That's when Legolas cried, "Crebain from Dunland!" Scattering their bounty, they all dived for cover under an overhanging rock as Merry growled, "Nuts!" END 19.) THE LION AND THE MOUSE "Strange name for a pub," Sam murmured. "It's all strange here," replied Frodo. "And big." Merry was just about tall enough to reach the door handle. "Well, Berigond said it serves the best beer in Minas Tirith. So let's try it." Pip helped Merry push open the battered door. The dim interior overwhelmed them with its odour of stale beer, fresh sawdust, pipeweed and many bodies; the sounds of laughter, music and conversation. The familiarity of it all choked them for a moment. Then Merry grinned, grabbing Frodo's arm. "Come on lads. Mine's a pint." "Then you're paying," laughed Frodo. END 20.) GEMS AND JEWELS Gems and jewels aint naught but trouble. Mr Bilbo now, ran into all manner of