I don't own the Shire or any hobbits, much as I would love to. They belong to JRR Tolkien and I am only borrowing them for the purposes of this non-profit fanfic. Aunt Petunia however, is all mine. THE BOOK OF WISDOM – ADVICE FOR YOUNG GENTLE-HOBBITS BY PETUNIA BRANDYBUCK. When Bilbo Baggins left the Shire for the last time Frodo became the Master of Bag End, with all the responsibilities that entailed. Fortunately, Bilbo had been preparing him for this event for some years, even though Frodo was never quite sure whether he would actually go through with his proposed departure. For some months afterwards he nonetheless found himself the recipient of advice from all and sundry, some of it helpful and some of it most definitely not. It was with some trepidation, therefore, that he accepted a small package from the post hobbit the following April. Parcel's were usually fun things but the wrapping of this one, a combination of brown paper and what appeared to be old rags, declared it to be from Aunt Petunia. Presents from Aunt Petunia should always be treated with some care because they had been known to bite. Taking it through to the kitchen, where he made himself a fortifying cup of tea before opening it, Frodo sat down at the table. He was quite surprised when it turned out to be a small book, its pages packed with Petunia's crabbed script. The contents of that little book kept him entertained through many a winter evening for it was packed with advice . . . most of which he never, ever applied. Here are some samples from, 'The Book Of Wisdom - Advice for Young Gentle-hobbits by Petunia Brandybuck'. ADDRESS "When the king returns" is a phrase often used to indicate that an event will never happen. Don't you believe it, lad. Things happen, often when one least expects them to, and when the King does return the wise gentle-hobbit should know how to address him. A King is addressed as 'Your Majesty'. Plain old, 'Sir' will not do, despite any assertions to the contrary. (This was a piece of information Frodo was actually able to make use of … one of the few.) AFTERNOON TEA Afternoon tea should never be served at the table. It may have become the fashion of late but be assured that afternoon tea should always be served from a trolley in the parlour. It is the sign of a gently bred hobbit that he or she is capable of balancing a teacup and saucer in one hand and a sandwich plate in the other, without incident, whilst at the same time engaging in polite and entertaining conversation. ( It must be said that Petunia never seemed to master that skill herself and her clothing was always liberally sprinkled with food and tea stains.) AGREEMENT Agreement is always preferable to arguments. If one does not like what another is saying either agree anyway or evict them from the property. Never argue. It is a waste of time. (Petunia always followed this advice and so never raised her voice or allowed her opinion to be changed about anything . . . ever.) ANIMALS Do not house any. They are smelly, hairy things. Animals should only be seen skinned, dissected, cooked and served upon a plate. ( Petunia was well known for her proclivity for chasing off with a broom any four legged animal that had the temerity to enter her vicinity.) AT HOME One need never be 'at home' to people one does not like. The windows by the side of doors in better establishments are placed there for that specific purpose, and enable one to choose who to admit to ones home. The polite caller will depart after knocking a couple of times. The impolite ones should be shooed down the path with a long handled broom. It should be noted, however, that this does not always work with relatives. ( Frodo noted that Bilbo always kept a broom in Bag End's entrance hall although he had never seen him wield it, other than to sweep the floor. He was seen to cast his eyes to it upon the occasion of visits from the Sackville-Baggins', however.) BANJO This can only ever be loosely described as a musical instrument as, when plucked, it emits a noise reminiscent of a yard full of angry hens. It holds no place in any evening of musical entertainment. (Petunia would not be moved upon this assertion and had even smashed a banjo over the head of an unwitting youngster, who had made the mistake of considering playing the instrument in her presence.) BANKING Never trust a banker. All money should be stored primarily in one's mattress, with backup supplies secreted in various places throughout the smial and its environs. Money should never be buried in a vegetable plot however, as it is likely to re-appear every time the potatoes are lifted. ( After Petunia's death it was very clear that she had followed that advice assiduously. Unfortunately, as the Shire did not produce any paper money, she would often complain that her bed had grown uncomfortable in later years.) BIG FOLK Clumsy creatures. (Frodo wondered what Aunt Petunia would make of elves.) BIRTHDAY These should be celebrated at least once per year, more if required. There should always be cake and dancing. ( Petunia once declared three birthdays in the same year. As nobody else was holding parties on those days there were no complaints. Her birthday mathoms were sought after items in later life as they could always be relied upon to provide an interesting topic for conversation at the dinner table.) BREAKFAST This should be eaten every day, twice a day. No race of people could ever be considered civilised unless they partake of at least one breakfast per day. (Aunt Petunia's breakfasts had been known to run right on into elevenses.) BURIAL The easiest way to hide the evidence. (Frodo decided that he would be wise not to ask for clarification upon this statement.) CHAPERON Tweens must be chaperoned at all times or they get up to all sorts of mischief. (Frodo was pleased to note that this philosophy was not universally applied.) CHINA Should be washed regularly or it tends to get sticky. (Having been invited to tea by Aunt Petunia upon occasion, Frodo quickly realised that she did not always follow her own advice on this matter. Her definition of 'regularly' could best be described as having been applied loosely with regard to her own china.) CODICIL An addition to one's will and a darned good idea. (When Aunt Petunia died her will took up one page, whereas the codicil's ran into twelve. Most of the items she bequeathed in those codicils had long since disappeared by the time she died, usually having already been dispersed as mathoms at various birthday parties. This resulted in some feuds among her beneficiaries that ran into several generations.) CONTRACT Always read the small print. (As the nephew of Burglar Baggins, Petunia should have understood that Frodo was well aware of this. He supposed it always bore repeating, however.) COOKING All hobbits should be proficient in this skill. (This provided Frodo with many a chuckle for Aunt Petunia was reputed to be one of the worst cooks the Shire had ever produced. Her seed cakes often did duty as door stops.) DAMP A properly appointed hobbit hole should never suffer from this. Nor should it ooze in any way. ( Frodo could not imagine Bag End ever stooping so low as to ooze.) DANCING This should be undertaken at every celebration, regardless of the presence of music. (Aunt Petunia could often be observed prancing through the rooms of Brandy Hall rather like Luthien Tinuviel, "to music of a pipe unseen". Like Petunia, Frodo enjoyed dancing but was more inclined to do so to musical accompaniment.) DRAINS See my notes regarding Damp. There is nothing worse than the smell of blocked drains, unless it be that of roses. ( Nobody knew the reason for Petunia's dislike of roses, which was deeply ingrained. In her younger days she had once tipped a vase of roses, water and all, over the head of a prospective admirer.) DWARVES Noisy but they make nice toys. It is to be noted, however, that they do not enjoy drinking tea. A gentlehobbit should offer tea with all meals and at several points in between because it is one of the staples of a civilised life. Ergo . . . dwarves are not civilised. (To Frodo's knowledge, Petunia never had occasion to meet a dwarf and he had always found them to be quite civilised . . . despite their acknowledged general dislike of the drinking of tea.) FIDDLE There are those who would argue that this is a musical instrument. They are misled. A fiddle produces a wail resembling that of a cat being strangled. ( Frodo could not agree with Petunia's assessment here. He was rather fond of a lively tune on a fiddle.) FILLET Elves and men wear them. Hobbits have more sense than to wear tight metal bands about their brows. There is, however, something to be said for a well placed ribbon. (Frodo had to confess that a fillet was not something he had ever seen any hobbit wear and so he wondered why his Aunt had thought to include it in her book at all. Her assertion could however account for a packet of hair ribbons he had received upon the occasion of her seventieth birthday. Aunt Petunia sometimes laboured under the misapprehension that Frodo was a lass.) FLANNEL A good, serviceable fabric. One's nightgowns should always be made of flannel. (Although Frodo had been known to wear a red flannel nightshirt in the depths of winter, her gift of a lace trimmed, pink, floral, flannel nightgown was somewhat of a surprise. Frodo had thanked his Aunt politely and then passed it on to Bell Gamgee, who cut it down to make a gown for her youngest daughter.) FLOOR All rooms should have one. (Here Frodo had expected Petunia to list the ways to clean one so this comment could best be described as intriguing. He wondered where his aunt could have encountered a room without a floor.) FLOWERS Lovely. Except for roses. (Sam always kept Bag End provided with little vases of flowers . . . sometimes even roses. Frodo made it a point to never upend the vase over Sam's head.) FLUTE This instrument provides a pleasant enough sound when played with some proficiency but produces a dreadful screeching during the learning process. One should never play the instrument unless already proficient. (Frodo tried hard to imagine the circumstance under which one would become proficient upon the instrument without first learning how to play it. He could see a pattern developing here which would explain Aunt Petunia's propensity for dancing without accompanying music.) FLIES Annoying creatures that simply will not take, 'no' for an answer. Consequently all doors and windows in any smial should be remain firmly shut in all weathers. (Petunia was a little obsessed by flies and this habit ensured that her rooms in Brandy Hall were stifling in all seasons. Frodo had a vivid memory of Aunt Esme staggering from Petunia's apartment one mid summers afternoon, florid of face and dripping with sweat.) FUNERAL It is wise to hold off having one of these until after death occurs, as most folk do not take kindly to being buried whilst still breathing. Sometimes the food is good but rarely is there any dancing. (These comments, combined with those on burial, made Frodo a little uncomfortable.) GARDEN Every hobbit hole should have a garden, primarily for the growing of produce for the table. (This was a statement Sam supported whole heartedly.) GLASS This is best used to contain a good vintage of wine. After consuming the first bottle, however, it