The people and places in this tale were all created by the incredible JRR Tolkien. I have merely brought them out for an airing and hope he will forgive me for the liberties I take with his cherished Peregrin Took. This fanfic was born of a long lost role play between Frodo-Baggins-Of-Bag-End and Elwen-Of-The-Hidden-Valley. Many thanks to FBOBE for allowing me to convert it to a fic. JUST THE TONIC The Lithe festival was officially over and, in the meadow across the river at Great Smials; hobbits were dismantling the last of the tents and pavilions, their efforts hampered somewhat by the fact that someone had just let in a large flock of sheep. The resulting shouting, bleating and waving of arms was entertaining those reposing upon the lawns that swept down to the river's edge. On such a bright and sunny midsummer day most of the occupants of the ancient and vast smial were still feeling in festive mood. So all but the most necessary of tasks had been set aside and the lawns and gardens were filled with those taking their ease around picnic baskets overflowing with the remains of the previous day's festival provender (supplemented, of course, with other goodies from various pantry corners). The high blue sky was cloudless and no breeze stirred the ancient shade trees dotted about the lawns. The sounds of children laughing and splashing in the shallows could be clearly heard, mingling with the sounds of the antics on the other bank. Others youngsters played tig, or skipped or did any one of the infinite number of games that children create out of their unfettered imaginations. All the younger denizens of the smial had been excused lessons and were outdoors. All it seemed, but one. There was no sign of the mischievous youngest of the Thain's family, Peregrin Took. He was sitting, curled in a chair in the nursery, a large and much loved and battered book showing illustrations from the Shire's history open in his lap. It showed one of his distant forebears, Bandobras "Bullroarer" Took but, in truth, Pippin was no longer reading. Beneath his summer bronzing his features were pale, but for two spots of high colour on his cheeks and the curls of his fringe were damp and sticking to his forehead. Indeed, he had pushed back his hair so many times that it stood on end in places. In short, Peregrin Took looked as miserable as he felt. He glanced up curiously at the sound of fumbling and muttering. Then the door swung open to reveal what appeared to be a large pile of laundry on legs. It walked in the general direction of the bed, stopping short by a few steps, and then paused, as if unsure how to proceed. One foot began sliding about in a wide arc, the other following slowly, as though searching for something. Possibly the foot of Pippin's small bed? Pippin would know those grey haired feet anywhere and, of course, he recognised his laundry at once. "Good morning, Margery." His tone was not particularly enthusiastic, lacking his usual lilt and vigour, but it had an instant and quiet dramatic effect. There was a loud yelp and the laundry lifted several inches into the air, before landing in a tumble upon the counterpane and surrounding floor. Margery, the eldest of the bevy of staff looking after the nursery suite, was revealed, clutching one hand to her matronly bosom. "Master Peregrin! You should give a body warning before doing that." She used her other hand to fan her face. "You near shocked me out of my foothair!" Pippin considered for a moment. He was unsure what warning he could actually have given before speaking, concluding that touching the hobbitess would have had much the same result, so he simply said, "Sorry, Margery." Margery's eyes narrowed. "Why aren't you outside creating mischief? I know your Cousin Meriadoc is not here but you usually manage well enough on your own." Margery had been the victim of enough of their joint and individual pranks over the years to know that Pippin would not usually waste the opportunity offered by an extra day without lessons. Surprisingly, Pippin only blushed, biting his lip shyly at her question. "I wanted to stay inside." He shrugged. "Didn't feel like going out." "Are you sickening for something?" Margery asked suspiciously as she stepped closer, reaching out to lay a surprisingly soft palm beneath the damp curls on Pippin's brow. "It's not like you to sit indoors on a fine day. I was expecting you to be down by the river, hunting frogs to put in your sister's beds." The little forehead beneath her hand was hot. Too hot. Pippin was actually burning up beneath his nursemaid's fingers, feverish to even an inexperienced hand, much less the hand of a matron who had helped raise two generations of Took children. Even stranger, the usually energetic Pippin did not pull away from her, seeming to welcome the comfort of the cool palm against his burning brow. "Definitely sickening for something," Margery announced as she turned back to the bed and began to reassemble her laundry mountain. "Find your nightshirt and get yourself into this bed, young hobbit." She fixed him with a gimlet glare. "And make sure it's a clean one." "Yes, Margery." Pippin was quick to comply, carefully returning his book to the shelf before rummaging in a chest of drawers and discarding more than one linen nightshirt before producing a clean one. If his nursemaid noted the rummaging she only sniffed and concentrated upon her own task of wrangling weskits, breaches and shirts into some semblance of order. Changing swiftly and not without a few more blushes, Pippin folded his day-clothes as neatly as possible before laying them on the shelves of his wardrobe. Climbing into his bed was a little tricky with the laundry mountain still in place but he managed it by the expedient of sitting upon his pillow, tucking his feet beneath the covers and then wriggling his way down. After which he spent some uncomfortable moments trying to pull down his nightshirt, from where it had rucked up about his waist. Once settled he eyed Margery forlornly. "Margery? Can you make it better?" Margery transferred her now perfectly balanced heap of laundry from the bed to the top of Pippin's toy box and turned to stroke his cheek as she smiled. "Now, haven't I always?" Relief brightened Pippin's delicately angular features and he even mustered his first smile of the day. "Always. Thank you." He nestled down comfortably in his familiar little bed and Margery shook out an eiderdown, spreading it over her charge. "Now. Let me take a look at you," she demanded in a business like tone. Unbuttoning the only recently buttoned shirt, she swept the fabric aside to examine her small charge's chest whilst reciting her by now well rehearsed litany of, "Any sore throat, coughing, itching, tummy ache?" Her final question was delivered in a stern voice. "And have you "been" yet today?" If Pippin was pink faced before he paled now. He had once been dosed with Margery's liquorice tonic and spent most of the rest of the day on the po. So he nodded hurriedly and replied at once, "Yes, this morning. But my head aches and my tummy too. And my throat is awfully sore." Having discovered no rash, spots, blisters or bumps on Pippin's chest Margery expertly rethreaded the buttons, at the same time making a mental note to replace a missing one. Tucking him in once more Margery took the pointed chin firmly in her hand and turned his face to the light. "Open up and say, 'Aah'." Adding almost to herself, "Although why it's necessary to say such a thing I've never understood." As baffled as his nurse regarding the necessity of saying, "Aah", Pippin still did as instructed, revealing a red, swollen throat with just the beginnings of white patches beginning to show in places. "Well now. If that isn't a pretty shade of pink. Miss Pervinca has a dress the exact same shade, complete with white polka dots," Margery commented as she tipped Pippin's jaw shut with a click. "You have the quinsy," she announced matter-of-factly. "Tis naught for you to worry about if you do as you're told and keep to your bed for a few days. Of course, your sisters will have to sleep somewhere else until you're better but I don't suppose any of you will be too upset about that." Pippin nodded. It seemed there were at least some advantages to being sick. He would not miss the company of three older sisters bickering over ribbons and sashes. Then Margery said the dreaded words. "A dose or two of tonic will soon see you right." "Tonic?" Pippin's colour fled in terror at the word. "Must I, Margery? I don't wish to be ill but . . . must it be tonic?" Margery looked affronted. She had been dosing the Thain's youngsters for decades after all, and she hadn't killed one yet. She sniffed. "Of course you must have some tonic. It's good for whatever ails you." Then she noted his pallor, relenting as she often did with this lad. "Maybe after a sup of something nicer, though. When did you last eat, Young Master?" Pippin looked up at her with his most piteous expression. It had been known to melt the hearts of many an under cook. "First breakfast this morning. I had some tea and buttered toast. Then I fell asleep in my chair through second breakfast and when elevenses came I didn't feel well enough to go to the noisy dining room because my head was hurting too much." Margery was positively scandalised. "Good gracious, lad! Tis a wonder you haven't wasted away to nothing!" She bustled about, distributing clean laundry between drawers and wardrobe. "I'll fetch you a bite to eat, then you're going to have some tonic and a nice long nap. Nothing better for a sickly hobbit than food and a good nap," she asserted. Relief washed through Pippin at the prospect of not having to face Margery's infamous tonic on an empty stomach. He snuggled down, fever bright green eyes watching, their interest lulled by the reassurance of the familiar. "Food and a nap sounds so good," he murmured. "Now I know you don't feel well," Margery noted as she put away the last shirt, pulling two grubby nightshirts from the drawer at the same time. "Never thought I'd hear Peregrin Took want a nap when there's sunshine to be had." Her face took on a quizzical expression as she advanced upon him once more and Pippin tried to shrink beneath the covers. He could not escape Margery's fingers however. "Let me just take another peep at that throat." "No. I don't feel well . . . " But Margery's fingers were relentless and his mouth was opened wide, once more revealing a red, swollen and slightly patchy maw. Margery examined it thoughtfully for several moments before releasing him and turning for the door. To herself she muttered, "Not Pervinca's dress. But I recognise that shade of pink." Shaking her head she departed in search of food and the dreaded tonic. For his part, Pippin snuggled down, looking decidedly relieved for the short reprieve and feeling more comfortable than he had for some time, curled up warmly beneath the eiderdown and blankets. He was not alone for too long, however. The door swung open again within minutes to admit not just Margery but a file of serving lasses, who moved about their tasks silently beneath her keen eye. It was the work of minutes to make up a cheery fire and drag Margery's favourite rocking chair into the room. The chair and a capacious knitting bag were placed at Pippin's bedside. "Let's get you settled properly so you can eat," Margery stated as she