I don't own the characters or places in this tale. They were created by JRR Tolkien and this is a non-profit fanfic. DO YOU TRUST ME? Rain had been coming down steadily for most of the day and Aragorn was soaked to his skin. He took another squelching step and hoisted the sodden pack higher on his back. Fortunately, this was a trail he knew well. There was a deep overhang just beyond the next corner that would provide some shelter and he had been pushing hard to reach it for the past hour. Grabbing the edge of his hood to stop it blowing back as he turned a corner into the wind, he ducked his head, trying to see through the rain now relentlessly driving into his eyes. For a moment the imagined sound of singing brought him up short. Then the wind dropped and he realised that it was not imagined as the voice grew more distinct. It was a light clear elven voice singing in Sindarin, although with an accent strange to him. Surely none of Imladris' folk would be abroad in this weather, for one of the hidden entrances to the valley was only a couple of hours distant. Indeed, were he not already exhausted by pushing through this weather, Aragorn would have eschewed the nearer shelter in hopes of reaching it by nightfall. Curious, he pressed on until the broad overhang finally came into view. Now he saw that within its shelter another traveller had fashioned a quite comfortable camp, under the circumstances. The campsite thief had his back to Aragorn and was swathed in a thick cloak of close woven and very obviously high quality fabric. He held himself with the unmistakeably straight backed poise of an elf. Aragorn took another squelching step closer and the other's head whipped around, hands moving so quickly that the man, even used to elves as he was, did not see the arrow nocked to bow until the point was poised inches from his left eye. He stepped back, open hands raised placatingly. "Peace, friend. I only wish to share your refuge for a while." "What business have you on this path, mortal?" The title of, 'mortal' was spoken in a way that suggested a strong dislike and the stranger's bright blue eyes narrowed, the arrow following Aragorn's movements very precisely. Aragorn was wet. Aragorn was exceedingly wet. Aragorn could not recall a time when he had been fully clothed and wetter. One of Aragorn's boots had a hole, letting in more water. Aragorn was tired and now a complete stranger was questioning his right to walk the path to his home of many years. His patience was running thin. "My business is my own and I may ask the same of you. Why do you walk this path? You are not one of Elrond's folk." When the elf only frowned he let out an exasperated sigh and advanced again, until the arrow almost touched the precise point between his ribs that would have driven it into his heart. A detached part of Aragorn's mind had to give him points for his knowledge of anatomy. "Can we at least discuss this with both of us under shelter? You outmatch me, even on one of my good days, and I assure you this is not one of them. I am no threat to an elf." A moment longer Aragorn was held at bay then the archer slowly lowered his bow, sliding the arrow back in it's quiver at his side. The sodden ranger took that as permission and stepped closer, dropping to the ground beneath the overhang with a loud splat. Pushing back his hood he leaned against the wall and took a deep, relieved breath. "My name is Aragorn, son of Arathorn of the northern Dunedain." For a long moment he thought his reluctant companion was not going to speak but eventually the well modulated but heavily accented voice replied, "My name is Legolas and I hail from Thranduil's realm." "Ahhh. That explains your accent. I have not had occasion to meet any of your people before. It is unusual to see you so far afield. What brings you to Imladris, for I assume that is your destination?" Aragorn fished in his pack and pulled out a soggy packet of cram. When Legolas declined his invitation to share it he decided he could hardly blame him for it was swiftly turning into porridge. "You have not yet told me your reason to be on this path, Aragorn, son of Arathorn of the northern Dunadain," was the disdainful reply. Aragorn hoped the rain would stop soon for this conversation was already becoming tiresome. "Aragorn will suffice. I have been travelling abroad and am returning to the place where I was raised, to take some much needed rest." "You were raised in Imladris? But you are a mortal." The elf waved a hand in the general direction of Aragorn's bearded jaw. "Yes. I am a mortal but I am also a ranger." Here he pointed to the silver star pinned to his grey cloak. "Lord Elrond allows the rangers refuge when requested. My mother and I were brought here by Lord Elrond's sons when I was but two years old. I lived here for eighteen years as child and youth." The elf fished in his belt pouch and produced two small, dry pieces of lembas, one of which Aragorn accepted gratefully. "Just one bite," Legolas warned. "I have eaten lembas before," Aragorn snipped, but he took the suggested bite and then tucked the rest in an inner pocket of his jerkin. He had no doubt, given the sodden state of his clothing, that it would be slop by the time he tried another bite, but it would have seemed churlish to hand it back. At least it tasted much better than the now porridged cram that he had purchased from a group of dwarves several days ago. "I have told you my business but you have still not told me what brings you so far from your home, Legolas of Thranduil's realm." The wind was beginning to drop and Legolas pushed back his hood to reveal a head of bright golden hair, drawn back into a tight plait at his crown. Aragorn's brows rose for most of Thranduil's folk were brown of hair. Only those of the ruling house had pale hair, like the King of the Woodland Realm. That was when rumour and forgotten fact suddenly drew together. "You are son and heir to the king," he announced in mild surprise. Legolas' blue gaze dropped to where he was plaiting some leather strips. "That is irrelevant. I am simply a protector of our lands, a warrior if you will. Unlike mortals, among elven-kind birth does not necessarily result in the assumption of leadership." Aragorn considered this statement for a moment. His own birthright had fallen to him because his father was dead. When one's father was an immortal, the likelihood of taking up his mantle would be rare. Aragorn knew that this was precisely how Thranduil had acquired his throne, however, when his father, Oropher had been killed before the Black Gates, and he felt some sorrow that they should live in such times. Legolas continued to plait and Aragorn found his smile returning for Legolas Thranduillion had still managed to ignore his question. He tried again. "Do you travel for pleasure or on your sire's business?" he asked whilst bending to tug off his boot. Upon it's removal Legolas reared back in alarm and even Aragorn grimaced when he inhaled. "My spare socks have too many holes so I have been wearing these for several days," he offered in apology. Legolas shifted a little upwind. "In the dark I could have mistaken you for an orc with that odour." He tilted his head and his words were softened by a twinkle in his bright blue eyes. "But I do not suppose I smell of roses either. I have been on the road for some days, with letters from my father to Lord Elrond." Aragorn fished among the sodden contents of his pack. He was not about to tell the elf that he smelled of clean rain and newly unfurled leaves. He finally produced a small piece of leather, which he offered up to the hole in his boot sole. Finding it a close enough fit he began to push it down inside. "I hope all is well in Mirkw . . . in your father's kingdom." Using a fine white handled dagger, Legolas pierced a hole on either side of the neck of his cloak and began to thread the new plaited cord through, drawing the two edges closed. That was when Aragorn noticed, on the ground by Legolas' knee, a fine golden brooch in the shape of a cluster of oak leaves, its clasp snapped. It seemed that both had suffered their share of wardrobe malfunctions. "Even some of my own people have taken to calling it Mirkwood of late. Although should you ever have occasion to visit the Woodland Realm I do not recommend doing so within the king's presence. We had hoped that the downfall of Dol Guldur would help but matters are improving only slowly, if at all. It is the opinion of many that Mirkwood will become Greenwood again only with the utter destruction of the Dark Lord." Having got the leather patch situated over the hole Aragorn began to tug his boot on. "I hope we shall both live to see that day," he offered earnestly. Legolas leaned out to look at the sky. "The rain has stopped and Arnor chases away the clouds at last. If we hurry we may reach Imladris before nightfall. I, for one, look forward to a hot bath and a soft bed. I understand that Lord Elrond is most hospitable." Aragorn levered himself upward, grimacing as the dying wind tugged his wet cloak, to flap it against his equally wet trousers. "You will get no argument from me. Unlike my foster brothers, I have no inclination to spend the night fighting off orcs if it may be avoided. These mountains are riddled with their noisome dens and they come out to play once the sun goes down." Legolas unfolded his long, lean length with ease, pausing to settle his quiver and bending to collect his beautiful recurved bow before leading the way from their shelter. "Have a care just up ahead. The path runs along the edge of a deep gorge so keep to the grassed area close in to the cliff wall where you can. All that rain may have weakened the edge and there was a rock slide near here only last month," Aragorn called. "You travel this path often?" Legolas asked, waiting for Aragorn to catch up. "As I said, I was raised in Imladris but spent many years in the south. I have only recently returned to these lands but I have been travelling this path more frequently of late." The two set off in single file. Around the corner the path appeared to widen, even providing space for the rooting of a small, weather blasted tree. Unfortunately, the tree and its roots necessitated that they step closer to the edge of the drop to their left. Legolas exhibited no fear, leaning far forward to examine the view below, where the river Bruinnen rushed and tumbled through her narrow gorge. Aragorn was more tentative in his attitude, preferring to remain close to the tree. Unfortunately, he did not take into account that he was heavier than an elf. A crack in the soil beneath his left foot suddenly lengthened and before he had time to make a grab for the bole of the tree, Aragorn found himself sliding down, down, down, in a shower of mud and rock. -0- Legolas threw himself upon the remaining grass at the edge of the cliff.