A/N: After reading some amazing writings by all the Potterheads here, I finally decided to publish something of my own. So, here it is. It is my first ever story. And I am just winging it. So, be patient and kind. Although constructive criticism is always welcomed. hope you like it. And if you do, please review. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. Only JKR does. I just own the characters that I created. WARNING: I plan to go very much off canon with some of the details. But they are not as major as you'd imagine. I think. HOGWARTS HERALD: DRAFT 28th September 2022 Sports Section, Page 6 WEASLEY OR POTTER? Quidditch season is upon us, and it is about to begin with a bang! There is a lot of speculation (and some harmless betting) going around Hogwarts as to what will happen in this Gryffindor Vs Slytherin match next week, not solely due to the commonly known Quidditch rivalry between the two old houses that has been going on since decades, but also due to two very prominent names newly appointed as captains of the respective teams. As we all know, Gryffindor took an embarrassing nose dive last year in this cutthroat race to Quidditch Cup after their beloved captain of three years, James Potter, departed from Hogwarts to join Puddlemore United as their latest seeker. James possessed a keen strategic mind for the game and was known as one of the toughest captain Gryffindor had seen in many years. The last year has been tough on Gryffindor, under the reign of Arnold McFee, a brilliant chaser in his own right, albeit a lax captain, as rumored around Hogwarts. However, this year Gryffindor may have a ray of hope with captainship handed over to Rose Weasley, who has played the position of Keeper for the team since last three years. Our sources confirm that this sixth year prefect is a vast improvement on McFee as a captain. However, Weasley has been rumored to show her own errors of judgement. Her team comprises of a surprising amount of ladies. Roxanne Weasley once again holds her position as the Seeker, Helena Abbott-Longbottom and Irene Colbert as two of the Chasers and Catrina Ralfe as one of the Beaters, which leaves only Fred Weasley as the second Beater and McFee as the third Chaser. Doesn't Gryffindor possess better male players or is there a political agenda to this subtle sexism? Considering the fact that Weasley is the daughter of the first female Minister of Magic, the latter is a significant possibility. It is no secret that Minister Weasley has fought many a hard won wars with the Ministry for house elf rights and muggle fraternization policies. I wouldn't be surprised if Rose inherited a bit of a radical streak from our Madam Minister. Perhaps Weasley means to take the words 'girl power' reach a whole another level. In the end, only Weasley can answer this question truthfully. McFee, when asked about his opinion on the transformation of Gryffindor team, he had a few peculiar things to say: "Rose Weasley maybe a brilliant Keeper...(but) captainship is a whole another scenario. Leadership is not hereditary...I will always give my best to this team, but I hope (she) knows what she is doing." But looking on the opposite side, we have Albus Potter, who seems to be walking on his brothers' footsteps, running a tight ship with tough practices and endless hours of strategies and drills on the Quidditch Pitch with his teammates. Potter has played the Seeker position on the Slytherin team since his First Year, the first player to have had that opportunity since Harry Potter, one of the most well known wizards of history, and also his father. Captainship seems to be a birthright of Potters, as Al Potter is the fourth Potter to have earned the honour in the last fifty years of Hogwarts History. The Middle Potter (as nicknamed by Hogwarts population) although a fine Seeker in his own right, has big shoes to fill in that context. Will he be able to do that? His teammates seem to think so. We had the opportunity to get some latest news out of some of the tightlipped players of Slytherin team this week. Roman Nott, one of the best Beaters on the pitch right now, seemed quite positive: "Potter is alright. A bit of a slave driver. But that is exactly what we need right now with stakes this high." There were a few accusations of showing favouritism in the Slytherin tryouts by their rookie captain, seeing as how his team comprises of several of his band of best friends, including the Nott twins Roman and Barthlomew (Beater), Scorpius Malfoy (Keeper) and Coraline Humphrey(Chaser). It was firmly denied by one of his housemates, saying, "Albus is not like that. He knows Quidditch better than most, and (is) loyal to his team." A complaint about this was filed to Sylvain Provost, Head of Slytherin House. But it is unknown how the matter is being handled. There is already a lot of buzz going around with these famous names (also cousins) connected with the first game this year. Expectations are higher than usual and the excitement is palpable. However, only time will tell what becomes of these rookie captains and their teams. -Terrence Macmillan, Sports Editor. Only on closer look would one be able to tell that Rose Weasley was having a sudden surge of anger at that very moment, in the middle of the library, shaking slightly, clutching the wretched draft copy of Herald in her hands. It was no secret that the Herald had been on her case since the moment she set foot in Hogwarts. The school paper had started a decade ago to give Hogwarts students an opportunity to hone their capabilities as future journalists. It was a good effort on the teachers' part, but in reality it was nothing but an official memo of Hogwarts gossip, in Rose's opinion. But then again, she wasn't a fan of newspapers in general. Aversion of newspaper came naturally with being the progeny of a war hero and a war hero turned Minister of Magic. Beside her, Amelia Claufield was hissing at Lily Potter, to which the younger girl replied with an eye roll and a huff. Lorcan Scamander stayed quiet, buried in his Divination homework. Although he knew that his peace wouldn't last. Lily Potter was notorious that way. She made noise wherever she went. "Are you out of your bloody mind, Lily?! We decided not to show this to her!" "Oh, please. Do you think she won't find out when this comes out? Don't be naïve, Amelia. Everybody reads the Herald these days." "SEXIST!" Rose whisper-yelled (which only she could do), finally coming out of her haze of anger. "Quiet in the library, please!" came Madam Leroy's stern voice from the Recreational Reading section. " He says that I put more girls on the team, and I am the sexist!" Rose said, with a bit more whispering and a bit less yelling. At this, Lorcan shut his book with a bang and glared at his friends, who in his opinion, were being ridiculous. Amelia looked at him with quiet apology, and said, "It doesn't matter what he says, Rose. You are captain for a reason. I'm sure you-" "Macmillan is an idiot, Rosie." Lily interrupted Amelia with an air of finality. "He is an idiot with a quill, and he has made it his mission to create gossip. Not the good kind, either." Lorcan snorted incredulously. When is gossip ever good? Lily threw him a filthy look. "Did you need something, Scamander ?" "Some quiet would be good." Lorcan said, raising his right eyebrow. But Rose was on a roll now. "Well, he shouldn't! I didn't do anything, Lily! I have been doing a way better job than that git McFee. And I have done everything in my power to-" "Maybe you should worry more about the match instead of the article." Amelia said, giving Lily an accusing glare as if to tell her what a bad idea it was to show Rose this draft. "Look. If you want, I can talk to Malfoy about not printing this. He is the editor, and he kind of tolerates me because of Albus. He might listen." Lily said. "He probably doesn't even know what Macmillan wrote." "Oh, please. Of course Malfoy knows. He knows everything. Speaking of which, does Albus know what his dearest friend is printing behind his back?" Rose ground out. "I haven't got to Al yet. And believe me. Scorpius doesn't know about this. He likes to stay away from the Sports section. Says it will be a 'conflict of interest' or something. And besides, you're always vilifying poor Scorpius. He isn't that bad." "Well, poor Scorpius is getting his stupid arse kicked, that much I can tell you," Rose said with earnest determination. Leroy chose that particular moment to appear at their table out of nowhere, "I have had enough of your noise this evening!," she yelled. "This is not your common room. If you are so determined to talk, you may get out of my library." "But Madam Le-" " Out, Weasley! All of you!" Then as an afterthought, "You may stay if you wish, ." "Well, talk about favouritism!" Lily fumed. "What that old bat did was worse than what they are accusing Albus of doing!" "It isn't a secret that everyone loves Lorcan, Lil." Rose said. "I can't believe she kicked us out. I have never been kicked out of anywhere before. Never." Amelia was still in shock as they walked towards Gryffindor Tower. "Hah. You poor darling. Welcome to the club." Chorused the other two. "Remember how we got kicked out of that muggle ice cream shop when we went to France? It was wicked..." Thus, Lily went on describing the various misadventures with her cousins. But Rose was lost in her own thoughts. She was still processing the whole article fiasco. One would imagine that she should have been used to being splashed on newspapers by now. It came with being a Potter or a Weasley. But she wasn't as skilled as Lily, who had the ability to spin things around in her favour, one of the reasons why the latter had a definite future in journalism. It still bothered Rose every time she read her name mentioned anywhere in Daily Prophet or Witch Weekly. That was why she was one of the very few students who didn't get the Prophet at all. Rose knew that it was the coward's way of handling a situation, but she never claimed to be brave anyway, no matter which house she was in. If there was anything major happening in the world, she would hear it from her mother's advisors, seeing as how it was "essential that she kept her opinions to herself" on any subject to avoid controversy. It wasn't a secret that the media in the magical world was as brutal as it is in the muggle world. And they were always hungry to know what Rose wore to her mother's gala, where she spent her summers, who her friends were, updates on her dating life, how many OWLs did she get, what she thought about the latest inquisition against the Goblins, whether she was in favour of helping muggles control the global warming situation or not and what not. No, thank you. Rose Weasley was quite happy not knowing about the everyday happenings of the world, not stating her own thoughts. It helped her keep her peace of mind. Macmillan was threatening that peace and she needed to do something about it. It had been less than a month since his sixth year at Hogwarts had started, and already Scorpius was buckling under all the pressure. He didn't like it one bit. As if being a prefect and a Qudditch player