**Hey, guys. This is my first story on fanfiction and I'm so excited. I am a Twilight and Team Edward freak, so, if you're like me, I really hope you'll enjoy my story. This takes place right after Eclipse. It's only rated M because there is French kissing and talk about birth control, oh, and MILD dirty jokes and language. All these characters belong to the goddess of Stephanie Meyer, except for dentists. Love, 19TeamEdward01 ** And I know this is long far than any other 2011 twilight stories, but I only read it a few years ago. Enjoy! J BPOV The day I dreaded for, well, since I was fourteen, was happing tomorrow. Yep. I was getting my wisdom teeth removed finally. When I was fourteen they slowly came in and everything was normal and okay. Then they started hurting. Honestly I was so used to the pain that I all but forgot about them. It was only a few weeks ago when, after eating an apple, I remembered. Of course my fiancé freaked out over this, even Carlisle did. They told me I had to remove them or my 'vampire teeth' after the transformation wouldn't be as strong. So now I had no choice. Oh and did I mention how much I HATE the dentist? Until fifteen I hardly took care of my teeth, I didn't care about them. Story short I had over ten cavities one checkup. Renee wasn't mad , but very disappointed. So I changed my ways and all but forgot about those awful freshman days. I kept pacing my room, walking in quick fast lines. I could feel Edward's eyes on me, he was worrying about me worrying so much. "Bella," his voice was a smooth whisper, "it'll be okay, Charlie will be by your side when you awaken and I'll be here as soon as you get home," His words made me feel a little better, yet not much. "I know," I sighed and finally sat down on my bed. Slowly he pulled me against his chest and rubbed my back. Eventually I started letting my eye lids close… Three knocks on my door startled the heck out of me. Suddenly the cool arms once wrapped around me were gone. I squeaked a little 'come in' and sat up. Charlie came in my room quickly. "Did I wake you? It's only six," "No," I lied, "what's up, dad?" He looked at my window and frowned. "Remember Riley, uh, that kid who went missing?" I gasped and shuddered. Yes, I remember him. I also remember Edward and Seth ripping and burning him to pieces. "Yes." My voice came out super high pitched. Charlie eyed me suspiciously. "Well anyways, his parents raised money so the police can go searching for him again. And that happens to fall on tomorrow. I'm sorry, Bells. Maybe Alice, or," he scowled, "Edward can take you?" My eyes wondered to the closet which I was sure he was in. "Yeah, I'll ask him." He nodded and stepped back out my door. "'Kay. Maybe you should call him?" He looked at my new phone Edward all but forced in my hands. I furiously shook my head, if I called him, his phone would ring in my closet. "No! I mean he knows about it and um I'll text Edward later." Charlie nodded. "You'll be fine, Bella. It's not that scary, and I'm sure Edward will take good care of you, I hope he does." I glared at him. "And thanks for dinner, it was good. Night." He closed the door. As soon as his footsteps disappeared, Edward was facing me on my bed. "See, I'll be by your side as soon as your eyes open. I'll even hold your hand while you fall asleep." My heart fluttered. "I love you," "As I love you, my sweet, sweet Bella." Our lips met smoothly. At first it was a small kiss full of love, but soon it turned passion filled. Lately we've been 'practicing'. That meant 'French' kissing, which in my book was the best. Some nights I hardly slept, we just kissed, kissed, kissed, kissed, kissed. I was thrilled when his tongue touched mine. I would miss this, a whole week without a kiss seemed like forever to the both of us. But for now I could enjoy it. For now I could pull his hair as hard as I want and let my heart thump loudly as he touched my cheek. Forever we stayed like that, but around ten, he pulled away and let me fall asleep on him. "Bells… Bella… it's time to wake up, Edward's here…" I popped up at my finance's name. Dad was standing by my bed, already in uniform. The clock read seven a.m. Great. "I got to go. Love you sweetie." I mumbled a small 'love you too' and he left. The door swung open again, and there, looking more perfect than any person had the right to, was my Greek god. He was wearing black, my favorite color on him, his hair was perfectly messy, his jaw line tight, topaz eyes, and that god damn perfect smile that made my heart stop, breathing speed up, and a smile to graze over my lips. His shoes were tied into the perfect bow and even his shirt was put perfectly around his abdomen, just so my wondering eyes could make out every ab, every curve…. Edward walked over to me and leaned down below my bed. His hand cupped my cheek. "Good morning angel." "Mmm, good morning, angel." He chuckled while shaking his head. "How much time do I have?" I wondered aloud. His eyes flickered to my clock. "I'd say half an hour, well if you want to go get breakfast. Actually you have no choice. My Bella shall eat a good meal before she can't for a week, not pop-tarts." I giggled a little and sat up. He smiled and stood up. "I'll be in the living room." Once he was gone I sighed and got up. Groggily, very groggily, I walked to my closet. The other day Alice suggested I wear something comfortable, but something I don't mind ruining. So I looked towards my cotton clothes. After a minute or so I found a black, cotton shirt that had a faded white peace sign in the middle. Then I went to my drawers and grabbed a pair of nice jeggings that Edward seemed to love on me. I then grabbed my bag and went to the bathroom. I turned on the shower and while it was heating up used the toilet and put my hair in a bun, no time for hair today. I stepped in the warm spray and washed my over-heated body. In no time at all I got out, brushed my teeth, put some water proof eyeliner on, Chap Stick, lip gloss, and walked as slow as I could back to my room. I put my ring on (I took it off to shower), put my necklace on (Edward got me a chain to put his crystal heart on), and put on my old converse. Then I even slower walked down the stairs. I heard Edward chuckle at my procrastination. "Ready?" I only nodded and let him lock Charlie's house up while I went to his Volvo. He opened my door and got in himself before I could blink. When he pulled out of my drive way, my heart kicked to over-drive. Not the good Edward's-kissing-me-over-drive, but the I-might-die-over-drive. Of course he noticed this and grabbed my hand over the console. "Bella dear, I promise, I swear you'll survive this," "But it will hurt after, and I can't kiss you, and Angela and Mike for that matter said it hurts like hell, I believe them, and-" Edward cut me off. "Shh, yes, it will hurt. But is one week's worth of pain worse than your entire existence hurting? No." I looked over at him. "But I can't kiss you for a week . And what will you do, I'll be bleeding like crazy," He nodded. "The kissing part will definitely be hard," he threw a crooked smile at me that made my knees week, " and the blood; I'll be fine. Besides, it will have a whole lot of antiseptics in it and won't be as good." He laughed at his joke. Now, where, my dearest, would you like to eat? But it has to be really good, okay?" My thumb rubbed the top of his hand. "Um, Starbucks." Something good, that he approved, yet didn't cost that much. Within two seconds we were there, it felt like. Time was defiantly not my friend at the moment. I got a white mocha and oatmeal. We sat there, only making small talk, until I finished my coffee. EPOV Bella drummed her fingers nervously on her shaking leg. She was biting her lip, and with the other hand exploring the palm of my hand. I kept reminding her she'd be okay, but I knew that didn't help her. She was scared. Actually Bella has been so scared all week that Jasper went hunting because he couldn't handle it. Alice even scared him. The door across the room opened and a middle aged, blonde hair woman walked out with a clipboard. "Isabella Swan," Now Bella's heart was really racing. She stood up, holding my hand tightly, and followed the woman. "How are you today?" Bella swallowed. "G-good." The woman, Allyssa, stopped and turned to her. "You'll be fine. Take a seat in room two, please." Shakily, Bella sat down on the chair, breathing heavily, while I sat on a chair next to her. We never broke our hands apart. "You'll be here, right?" "As soon as those beautiful eyes open." She nodded. Allyssa came back in. She swiftly moved to the computer sitting on a low hung counter and pulled up my fiancée's profile. Then she reached up into a few cabinets and grabbed a needle full of antiseptics. Bella gulped, I squeezed her hand tighter. Just then the dentist walked in, Dr. Miller. His mind was very concerned for Bella, even he could see her hyperventilating and sweating. He sat down across from me and shook my hand. "Hello, I'm Dr. Miller… wait, aren't you Dr. Cullen's kid?" "Yes, sur." I smiled proudly. "Thought so, Edward, correct?" Bella nodded in answer for me. He looked at Bella. "Where's Chief Swan today, I thought he made the appointment?" His eyes swapped between us. She nodded again. "He did, but got called into work this morning." I knew what he was trying to do, he was distracting her eyes from all the needles and sharp objects. "And, if you don't mind me asking, is Mr. Cullen a good friend?" Bella smiled and blushed. "No, uh, he's my fiancé." She held up her ring for effect. He mirrored Bella's smile as his eyes flickered between us. "Lovely. Don't listen to all those people who say 'that's too young'. My wife and I met in seventh grade, got married at eighteen, and have been together for twenty years." Her heart started slowing down as she glanced at me. But as soon as it slowed down, it sped up as Allyssa came around and started opening her mouth wide open. Bella's eyes widened at the drugs, the needle, and the doctor. I felt helpless, utterly helpless. "You'll fill a pinch, honey. Just breathe in…" she stuck the needle to her gums, "and out," and pocked her hard . All I could smell was Bella's blood collecting in her mouth, mixing with her saliva. Soon enough I could smell her tears, my most hated smell in the world; for it meant my Bella was hurting. But I watched closely as the clear liquid went into her gums, whishing more than ever, it was me under that needle. Dr. Miller moved across the room when the numbing was in