Tiran, the rider Faramir had commissioned and compensated handsomely, was kept busy making the three day journey from Minas Tirith to Rohan and back each month for the duration of their betrothal. He carried with him all the letters Eowyn and Faramir wrote to each other while separated. Whenever there was a spare moment, when dreams kept them awake at night, when the loneliness became too much, a man and a woman sat down, put quill to parchment and poured out their hearts. The week after King Elessar's coronation sped by much too fast for the newly engaged couple. On the morning that Eomer King and the remaining Rohirrim were set to leave, Eowyn was in tears as she tore herself away from Faramir with one last kiss. Emotions ran high for the new Steward too - he held her hand until the last moment, letting it slip from his grasp as the mare he'd gifted her with, Wen ("A lady for my lady," he told her when he gave her the reins), slowly carried her away. They'd whispered their goodbyes earlier, in the famililar garden at the Houses of Healing. Faramir embraced her, fair and russet heads resting together, using the phrases 'my lady' and 'my love'. Eowyn also spoke to him, calling Faramir her gentle soldier, her lord and her heart. He checked to make sure his mother's cloak was clasped securely around her and Eowyn left with him a necklace from her father that exemplified Rohan - a proud stallion in full gallop. Before they joined the others he kissed her once more and pressed a letter into her hand. "Read this only when you miss me, for I cannot leave you with memories alone." She sniffed and wiped her eyes. "Then I shall read it the moment you are out of sight." Which she did, while strands of hair were teased loose to dance in the breeze. Eowyn - I love you more than the sun and moon and stars. We spend each day under the same sky. When you are missing me, look up and there I will be, looking at the same things. Remember our moments and days together, those memories will be my light. Always - Faramir. These things he remembered as their party disappeared over the first rise, but his eyes never strayed from the golden head that shone in the sun. That night when he returned to his room, Faramir found a letter laying on his bed and he grinned. How clever she was to smuggled it in for him! Unfolding the paper, he read her words. I choose you. I love you, and I will return. I promise. Just what he needed to hear when doubts assailed him without her reassuring presence to shut them out. And now he had not seen her in five long months. Their second meeting was at Eomer King's ceremony, some three weeks following the king's coronation and joyful, if unexpected, wedding. Faramir traveled with Aragorn and his lady Arwen and a band of trusted escorts to the humble halls of Rohan's king. There Eowyn barely waited for his feet to touch the ground before she was in his arms, elated beyond words to see her beloved again. So wrapped up were the two in each other that it took some rather harsh throat clearing to bring them to their senses. Then Eowyn hid her face in his chest, blushing at so public a display of their feelings. Her brother looked on sternly, but Aragorn's expression was knowing. He had greeted the love he believed lost to him in a similar fashion not long ago. They stayed at Meduseld for one short week in which Eowyn and Faramir frequently disappeared for long rides and walks and spent hours in quiet conversation, finding places to sit where they would not be easily interrupted. But at last the inevitable parting came, thought they left each other with the gift of letters - words and thoughts and hopes and love all wrapped up in folded pages to save and re-read often. Though inside were not always happy things. Halfway through Eomer's imposed time apart, Eowyn was curled up in a chair in her room, smiling as she savoured the latest batch of communication Tiran had delivered. Of course, he was well rewarded with a hot meal and a warm bed for the night, as he was every time he came as the bearer of good news. Then she came to a letter stained with what had to be tears, which she could only imagine was written in the middle of a dark night following the memories that too often engulfed the man she loved. Eowyn, you are the only family I have left, there is no one else. Without you I am utterly alone, and I fear that darkness gains more of a hold in each passing day. Do not leave me here to be lost in the shadows. I need you my lady, my love, my life. Please come back. Her heart broke at the despair in each line and she quickly took up a pen. My beloved, do not believe the lies that come in such dark and lonely hours. I await only the day this time apart comes to an end, and then I will be at your side for as many years as we are granted in this life. Languish not in my absence dear heart, but rest in our love and the promise of forever. Nearly a month passed before Faramir received her reply, but he knew immediately which letter her response belonged to, and as ashamed as he was of the weakness that left the paper stained with his tears, he cherished what Eowyn had written and kept it close to his heart for many days after. In the stack of letters Tiran had brought back, tied with a green ribbon and bearing a dried flower native to Rohan, Faramir found one that made him long for the freedom to fly to Edoras this very day and retrieve his lady love. Faramir - my heart grows heavier with each day that passes. The rebuilding of Rohan and her people takes nearly every minute of our time, but in early mornings and during quiet evenings I remember how much I miss you. Even now your mother's mantle covers my lap and warms my skin, but I wish it was your hands, your touch. And though I spent a fortnight within reach of your arms, now I find I cannot remember your scent, nor the reassuring beat of your heart under my hand. I am lonely for you, my love, sometimes my heart aches for your presence so badly that I cannot find rest. Please- But whatever else she was going to say had been scratched out and Faramir could not decipher the words. That very hour he began counting days until their wait was over and sent a tally in each of his following letters. The last was the smallest number yet. Fifteen days my lady, and we shall be together. I will look to your coming with all the flags of Gondor flying, if my king allows the indulgence. Make haste Eowyn and do not delay, my patience grows thin and I long for the moment I get to hold you in my arms once more. This time I will never let go. LOTR Now the wait was finally over and earlier this day Eowyn and Faramir had stood before King Elessar and the wizard Gandalf and their people from Rohan and Minas Tirith as they spoke the vows which bound their hearts and lives together until their last breath. The surprise came when Queen Arwen stepped forward and presented her husband with two narrow gold crowns. The king beamed as he bestowed upon Faramir the princeship of Ithilien, a place which had long held his heart, and made Eowyn his princess. Pride shone from her eyes as the honour was given and then Faramir cupped Eowyn's face in his hands, staring at her for a long moment before joining their lips to seal the promise of their union. A cheer went up, flower petals were thrown to shower down on the newly married couple, and Gandalf by his art caused a pair of doves to fly over their heads and away into the light of the sun. A meal was served once everyone had a chance to wish them well and say congratulations, and then the celebration began with singing, dancing and stories shared late into the evening. At some point, without the notice of their guests, Eowyn and Faramir slipped away with the king and queen to separate rooms to prepare for their first night together. Both halves of the couple were then escorted to the chamber in the Steward's house that they would share for the bridal week and whenever business required them to return to the city. Outside the door Faramir straightened the loose tunic he wore, took a deep breath, and entered. His bride was already there standing by the window and staring out at the stars. She wore a long cotton shift and her hair, as always, fell unbound down her back. He moved quietly behind her and slid his arms around her, brushing aside her hair to kiss her shoulder. "My beautiful wife," he whispered, a thrill shooting through him at the title she now bore. Eowyn leaned back into him and turned slightly, smiling shyly. "My lord husband." Faramir studied her eyes. "Do you fear me now, as your husband? Are you uneasy about this night love?" Her hand came up to caress his cheek. "There were days I thought we would never get here, to belonging to one another. But I have no mother to prepare me or teach me how to be a wife." She leaned up to kiss him. "I do not fear you Faramir, but I suppose I am a bit anxious about what comes after this and you holding me in your arms." He leaned his forehead on hers. "And there is no one to show me what a husband should be like. But I would do more than hold you tonight Eowyn, and I promise to be gentle and take everything slow so you are not afraid." He drew his fingers through her hair. "Will you lay down with me my lady?" Eowyn nodded and they settled on the bed, pressed close together. Everything was brand new and she shivered at the contact. Faramir's arm was around her and his fingers skated over her back. "What are you thinking?" A smile tugged at her lips and she touched his hair. "I was thinking that you are beautiful my lord." Faramir laugh skeptically. "Beautiful? I do not think-" Eowyn cut him off. "No Faramir, 'tis true. I love everything about you. Long have I wanted to see if your hair is as soft as it looks." She moved down, tracing his eyebrows and the shadow of a beard. "Sometimes it tickles when you kiss me, but I cannot imagine you without it." Graceful fingers followed the bridge of his nose, mapped his cheekbones and jaw, and drew a circle around his mouth. "Your eyes are the colour of a stormy sea, yet there is ever gentleness and care in them. You have a distinguished bearing fit for a steward and a prince, but I love how carefree you look when you smile. And your lips," she smirked, "I am glad that mine have often made their acquaintance." Her hand came to rest on his chest. "But your heart, my love, is the most beautiful thing about you. I will cherish always that you chose to give it to me." It was difficult for Faramir to control his reaction to her innocent touch. "Eowyn," he breathed, "how is it that I would be so blessed? You are everything I have