Author's note: This is based on the books, and I've tried to stay in canon as much as possible given that it's set well after the events of Return of the King. Those who have both read the books and seen the movie may have remarked the difference in Gimli son of Gloin. This story is about the grim and gallant Gimli of the trilogy, not that idiot who kept falling off things and overemoting grossly in the films. I don't blame John Rhys-Davies, who is a great actor, but I feel an injury has been done to one of my favorite characters all the same. Please review! On to the tale... The Heads of One Thousand Goblins (A Love Story) Prologue: Excerpt from the History of Khazad-Dûm by Shalen Son of Valen At the ending of the 3rd Age, when the power of the One Ring was broken and a King reigned once again in Gondor, there was peace in many places throughout Middle Earth. The servants of Sauron, though not completely destroyed, were so demoralized that their ruin seemed certain and imminent. And, as the years went on and natural increase added to the numbers of Hobbits, Men, and Dwarves, the Kingdom Under the Mountain began to grow crowded. Those dwarves who were young and fierce bethought themselves of going forth to do great deeds in the wide horizons of the world. As time went on they listened ever more eagerly to the tales of their elders: the travels of Thorin Oakenshield and the Battle of Pelennor, of Men and Hobbits and even of the Elves. For though the memory of the dwarves is long, the last battles of the Third Age came near to bringing about a reconciliation between them and those of the Eldar who yet remained. The Eldar, however, were few in number, and grew fewer every year. So, these conditions prevailing in the Lonely Mountain, it is not surprising that a scheme of great going-out was devised in that place. The plan was to retake the City of Khazad-Dûm, to return the Black Chasm which was Moria to conditions of light and habitation. One or two more imaginative dwarves even whispered that perhaps mithril might still be found, if the lowermost flooded places of the mine could somehow be drained. They were not believed for the most part. Still, many listened with growing interest to the tales of Orcish infestation which occasionally made their way to the North and East, of the blocked-up Western door and the flooded valley and the Watcher in the Water. They heard of the Dimwall Dale and the Mirrormere, where it is said that Durin's Crown is still to be seen. So it occurred that many young dwarves fastened on this scheme, especially one Diri son of Lirin, who heard of quests and great deeds at his father's knees. Diri was wellspoken among his people, and when at last he asked leave to go, leave was given ungrudgingly. He went, and far from alone, with the blessing of the King Under the Mountain. (For it was much quieter, and space less dear, when these fifty score and more had gone from the Lonely Mountain.) With them went a few of their elders, those who felt in their hearts the desire for hunting and slaying of Orcs, or simply to moderate the rashest impulses by their counsel. And one of these was Gimli, son of Glóin, who was once Lord of the Glittering Caves. Fires burned in the hearths of the Second Hall of Khazad-Dûm, throwing red light high upon the pillars that marched in twin rows up the great room. The voices of some five hundred dwarves echoed from the high walls, the sounds of robust dwarfish humor and old dwarfish songs. It was perhaps the measure of these young dwarves' success that though they sang and laughed loud enough to wake the dead, no answering drums were heard from far or near. There was only the answering laughter from the next Hall, where the rest of the dwarves were alike enjoying their evening meal. This was the end of their first year in the mines, and much had been done that had been left too long in the darker days of the Third Age. And so there was much eating, and drinking of ale, though this was yet scarce at that time. Mostly there was small beer, for little of the water in the Black Chasm was yet safe to drink. "Careful not to dip your beard in your plate, Wiri," someone said. "It will soil your silky braids and you'll have to start all over again!" "Nary a maid of the daughters of Men ever had such fine hair," declared another, to the sound of guffaws. "Pity that it's brown." "If you find me a daughter of Men with a beard of any kind, I'll gladly cut this one off," Wiri said, tugging at the braided mass that hid the lower half of his face and much of his chest. More laughter rose in reply, for this was tantamount to offering to doff his clothes and run about the mines naked. "You talk overmuch of nonsense, Falon son of Jori." "Here's to nonsense! It's high time more of it was heard in the Halls of the Dwarrowdelf," said another dwarf called Borin, and hoisted up his mug. "Then we'll have to have old Gimli in, and talk about his elf-lady once more," Falon said. "I was yet a boy when first I heard him speak of the Lady of the Galadrim. At that time, it was all you could get him to do to stop! It's no wonder the Glittering Caves couldn't suit him." "He's still got her hair back in that chamber where he lives," another dwarf put in. "He set it in crystal. Bright gold, they say it is." "Now there's something for Wiri to envy," Falon said, to general laughter. "Faugh! To see a dwarf mooning after some skinny tall thing who couldn't lift an axe to save her life!" "There you may err, Falon son of Jori," Wiri said. "Dwarves have learned more than a little weapon craft from the Eldar." It seemed to some present that Falon would have liked to reply to this, but thought better of it. For, though Wiri was a mild dwarf, he was also known to be able to lift and throw some three or four times his weight, a fact to which many dead Orcs bore testimony. Consequently, what befell was that another dwarf diverted the talk into his plans for a new system of maps of the caverns, and the company passed on to other things. But Wiri remembered. The work went on. The rope bridge over the chasm between the Second and the First Hall was expanded and strengthened, though none was yet able to repair the gaps in the stone itself. Likewise the chasm in the floor of the Second Hall was strongly bridged, for no Balrog now remained and the fire burned dim and low. Perhaps the greatest work that went on in that day was the destruction of the dam above Stair Falls. The lake was drained in one mighty rush, and the Sirannon was reborn where it flowed out of the cliffs. Nothing was seen of the Watcher from that day on, and it was widely believed that it had slid down the falls and been carried off in the first rush of the new Gate-stream. The twin holly trees at the Western door were uprooted beyond dwarfish ability to replant them. But slivers of their branches were planted, and with great care began to grow. This work was done by Gimli son of Glóin, who knew more of trees than anyone among that thousand: for he had studied them ever and anon while he ruled the Glittering Caves, and it was whispered by some that his frequent absences were in fact the cause of his abdication. Wiri son of Shorin was sometimes seen there, especially by night when the moon revealed the outlines of the door into Khazad-Dûm. More than once he gave his aid to Gimli Son of Glóin, and once or twice convinced him to speak of the battles he had seen. For the most part, they worked in silence. Gimli son of Glóin was a grim and silent dwarf in that day. He is no fool, thought Wiri. He knows how they mock him when they think he doesn't hear. It is beyond the scope of this narrative to say what were Gimli's musings on one particular night, when he stood before the closed door and looked once more at its shining outlines. But Wiri, coming up from the valley with his axe upon his shoulder, saw the older dwarf standing with his hood up over his head and thought he could guess the trend of his thought. "It's an ill night to be abroad, Lord Gimli," Wiri said. Gimli snorted as a breeze brought him a most unpleasant smell. "You're a fine one to talk, and I haven't been Lord Gimli these two years and more. Where have you been, my lad? I smell the stench of Orc blood on you." "Carrying on the work," Wiri said mildly, and unslung his axe to show the three gory objects tied there by their stringy hair. Gimli son of Glóin inspected them with little interest. "Ah, killing Orcs, were you? It's true they're about more at night, but I wonder if you've a death wish, to be seeking them out three at a time." "Have you ever fought as few as three at a time, Milord?" Wiri said, untying the Orc heads and dropping them on the ground. He ran his fingers through his beard, in whose condition Falon would undoubtedly have found cause for jocularity. Gimli snorted. "Not often, lad, but I'm an older dwarf than you by many years. If I'd a gold coin for every gray hair in this beard, I'd be an even richer dwarf than I am now." He was silent for a moment, apparently brooding on this. "A great lady once told me that my hands would flow with gold, but over me gold would have no dominion," he said eventually. "And it's the truth, though not for the reasons I would wish." "Was that the Lady of the Galadrim?" Wiri asked. He wondered if his doublet would ever be the same again. He could sew up the hole, he supposed, but he doubted the stain would ever go away. Wiri called down silent curses on the Orcs in general and these three in particular. "Aye," Gimli said shortly. "And it's time you were inside, young dwarf." He turned to the great doors and said, " Mellon." Then the doors of Khazad-Dûm were opened. The two dwarves went inside, one to tend his wound and mend his armor, and the other to the company of his own black thoughts. "Wiri! Where have you been?" A sennight later, Wiri turned to see Borin chasing him down the length of the Twenty-First Hall. He waited good-humoredly for the other dwarf to catch up. "Been running up the stairs, have you?" Wiri asked dryly, watching the other dwarf panting breathlessly up to him. Borin was no hand with an axe, and probably would not have been suffered to come, except that he was the best stonemason of all of them. "Aye, aye, I'm still too fat, though I've grown leaner running about these tunnels day and night. More skylights, that's the ticket," Borin said. "But what have you been doing, Wiri? I haven't seen you at dinner these three nights, though we've got the new tables built and there's room for everybody." "I've been rendering some aid to Lord Gimli. He thought if we could bring some better soil his holly trees might prosper. We've been all over Dimwall Dale." "What! Gone traveling with