Alea Iacta Est: Latin for "The Die Has Been Cast" Summary: Questions are the basis of all curiosity and it takes only one to start many more. A few changes in the years leading up to fourth year make a lot of difference. He starts questioning Dumbledore and the circumstances surrounding the events in his first three years. He seeks advice, reluctantly, from an unconventional source and finds that things are not as they seem. In fourth year, well, let's just say, Harry's not happy with the lack of answers. Dumbledore has rolled the die. Now, it's Harry's turn. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. I have, and most likely will, use some parts of the books/movies in this story, but most parts are not accurate. This is a figment of my imagination with a lot of help from J.K. Rowling. As this is not her own written work, they are not a part of the official Harry Potter Universe. Please don't sue me. Warning: The saying "the path to hell is paved with good intentions" will apply to Dumbledore in every possible way. "Talking" ' Thinking' " Parseltongue" Harry Writing Tom Writing ~o0o~ 1st Year: "Oh, honestly! Don't you two read?" Hermione scowled, "Nicholas Flamel is the only known maker of the Philosopher's Stone. That's what the dog is guarding!" "But why would the stone be here?" Harry asked. Hermione shrugged, "Flamel must have given it to Dumbledore to guard." Harry shook his head, "How old did you say Flamel was?" "665," Hermione replied immediately. Harry nodded, "Right, so if he has protected the stone for so long, how come he gave it to Dumbledore to protect the stone, now ? This probably isn't the first time someone has decided to steal a stone that will make you immortal, not to mention give you immeasurable wealth, don't you think it's a little weird?" Hermione nodded, "It is, but perhaps someone was getting really close this time, and Flamel got scared?" Harry, unconvinced, opened his mouth to respond, but was cut off. "Guys, this means that Snape is really close to getting the stone," Ron interrupted, bringing them back on track. ~o0o~ Harry lay in a soft bed inside the Hospital Wing; Dumbledore had just left, leaving many questions unanswered, as well as forming new ones. He closed his eyes, a frown overcoming his pale face. Ron, Hermione, and he had gotten to the stone; yet, the traps were set by the teachers to keep Voldemort from getting it. However, if three first-years could get it, then it wouldn't be too hard for a Dark Lord. Even if they were lucky, and he had to admit, Hermione was brilliant, couldn't the second-year or third-year students get to it, too? What about the seventh-years? Surely one seventh-year had more knowledge than three first-years. Especially, since two of the three didn't even know that the Wizarding World existed before the Hogwarts letter. The first trap was Fluffy: Hagrid had given him a flute that he'd whittled himself for Christmas. The second trap was the Devil's Snare: Devil's Snare was on the first-year curriculum for Herbology. Hermione was at the top of that class. The third trap was the Winged Keys: He was the youngest seeker in a century. The fourth trap was the chess set: Ron was the best at chess in all of Gryffindor. The fifth trap was the Troll: Already taken care of by Quirrell. Not to mention they'd beaten a troll at Halloween with a first-year spell. The sixth trap was potions and logic: Hermione was the smartest student of their year, not to mention, a muggleborn full of logic. The last was the Mirror of Erised: Which he'd seen during Christmas break. Not to mention, Dumbledore had explained it to him, himself. There simply couldn't be that many coincidences... ~o0o~ "Here it is," Harry murmured looking through the book of magical beasts he had found in the Hogwarts Library. A Cerberus , or Kerberos, is a bronze multi-headed dog, or hellhound, with a serpent's tail, a mane of snakes, and a lion's claws. It is always seen guarding the entrance to the Underworld to prevent those who entered from ever escaping. It is also said that the Cerberus' saliva can destroy the spirits in the Underworld, should a spirit come in contact with it. It can only be controlled by Hades' Whistle (read more on page 698). A Canis Triceps is a large three-headed dog that is often mistaken for the Cerberus, although the Canis Triceps is a distant cousin of the Cerberus. While it does not guard the gates to the Underworld, it is often used for guarding valuable treasure. However, unlike the vicious Cerberus, the Canis Triceps has one weakness. It will fall asleep if music is played and will sleep until the music is stopped. If the information was in this book, which wasn't even in the restricted section, then why did Voldemort take so long to figure it out? ~o0o~ 2nd Year: "Tom Riddle?" Harry asked, bewildered, "How are you here?" Tom watched, an interest sparking in his dark eyes. The boy did not even ask about the girl, he seemed more interested in him. For some reason, this pleased him. "That's a little complicated, you see. I'm a little surprised that you aren't more worried about your little friend," Tom said, his eyes never leaving the younger boy before him. Harry glanced at the prone form of Ginny Weasley, but his gaze didn't linger, instead his emerald eyes fixed on the other boy, his wand was clutched tightly in his hand. "Considering Ginny's lying on the floor holding your diary, you had something to do with it and if that is true, then you are the threat. Who are you? You may be Tom Riddle, but there's more to you," Harry said suspiciously. He knew there was something more to this boy; he became even more wary when a smirk appeared and he tensed. In response, Tom lifted Ginny's wand, Harry's wand flew up to point at Tom, a spell on his lips, but Tom simply raised an eyebrow dismissively and continued. Tom Marvolo Riddle He waved the wand over the letters and they rearranged themselves to form: I Am Lord Voldemort Harry gasped. "Yes, little Harry, I am Lord Voldemort," suddenly furry clouded the violet irises, making them flash a ruby red. "How is it, that a little baby, no more than 15 months old, defeated the most powerful wizard since Grindelwald?" He hissed as he walked forward, circling around the younger boy, who stood frozen in his spot, following him with his eyes. Harry took a step forward, breaking the circle; he whirled around to face the teenage Dark Lord, a sneer on his lips. "I don't know, why don't you tell me? You couldn't have been that great if you were defeated by a baby barely a year and a half old, now could you?" Harry said, his eyes glinting maliciously. "Watch your tongue, you insolent boy!" Riddle snarled, he turned to the statue of Salazar Slytherin, "Speak to me! Slytherin, greatest of the Hogwarts Four." " Kill Harry Potter," Riddle commanded the giant snake, which had exited from Slytherin's mouth, a malevolent smirk playing on his lips. ~o0o~ Harry dropped the sword as he took his wand and moved to Ginny's side, he would die, but he'd take Riddle with him. Harry pointed his wand at Ginny's chest and sent a burst of magic through it and to her heart. She jerked, but otherwise there was no other reaction. Riddle chuckled, "Oh, little Harry, that won't do anything." Riddle tilted his head, his eyes analyzing the scene before him, "It's amazing what a silly little book can do, especially in the hands of a silly little girl." Harry's eyes snapped up. The book. He wrenched the fang out of his arm and quickly snatched the book before Riddle could move. In one swift downward arc, he stabbed the cover of the book. Ink squirted out like blood, splashing on his face and chest. Holes slowly appeared all over Tom Riddle, gradually they started to grow bigger and bigger until Tom Riddle burst in to a shower of golden sparks. Harry closed his eyes as his arm started to go numb, there was something that could save him, what was it? Tears… the tears of a phoenix were a powerful healing component, Dumbledore had told him that. "FAWKES!" Harry shouted, a desperate edge in his voice as he started to feel dizzy. The phoenix soared through the air, landing in front of him. "Hey Fawkes. Will you heal me?" Harry asked. The phoenix blinked its eyes, moisture started to build, and slowly three drops, one by one, fell on Harry's arm, leaving behind a faint diamond-shaped scar. Harry quickly held up the book, "Could I have a few more, please?" Fawkes looked at him curiously, and trilled, as if asking, 'why?' "I need to know, I need some answers," Harry answered, his eyes begged the phoenix, "Please? It's the only way." Fawkes looked at him once more, before two drops landed on the cover of the still bleeding book, where the fang had pierced it. He watched as the ink flowed back inside the cover and the hole closed up, leaving a faint scar, not unlike his own, on the leather cover. "Thank you," Harry said, his gratefulness not lost on Fawkes, as he stroked the phoenix's head. "I couldn't have done this without you, Fawkes. You were so amazing," Harry spoke softly. Fawkes trilled and butted his hand with his head. The moment was broken by a gasp. Harry snatched the book up and hid it in his inner robe pockets. He crawled over to Ginny whose eyes had just opened. "Ginny! Ginny, are you okay?" Harry asked. "Harry! Oh! Harry, I'm so s-sorry! I-it wasn't my f-fault, R-Riddle made m-me," Ginny sobbed, clutching Harry's robes. He awkwardly patted her on the back, "It's okay, he's gone, and he can't hurt you anymore. Come on, we've got to go. Ron's waiting at the entrance." He slowly stood up with Ginny clutched to his left side; he picked up the sword of Gryffindor and the sorting hat in his right hand and with Fawkes settled on his right shoulder, they began walking towards the entrance to the chamber. ~o0o~ "I believe, that since this is the work of Lord Voldemort, we have a grounds keeper that must be returned to our care," Dumbledore said, his eyes twinkling, "Mr. Weasley, if you could please send this out. It would be much appreciated." Ron nodded, still grinning at the thought of the award he and Harry had received. He took the envelope and left. "Harry, my dear boy, I must ask you, where is the diary that possessed Miss Weasley?" Dumbledore asked. Harry's eyes widened in panic, "Oh! Sir! I'm so sorry! I left it in the chamber. It's just that, Ginny was crying when she woke up and then I saw the sword and the hat, then Fawkes was waiting, and I just, I forgot," he said the last word with his head down, a small blush on his cheeks. Dumbledore smiled, "Quite alright, dear boy. As long as it can hurt no one else. You are positive that the diary is destroyed?" Harry nodded, "Yes, I stabbed it with the basilisk fang multiple times, and all the ink that was in it, bled out." "Good, good," Dumbledore muttered distractedly. A moment of silence passed between them, both gazing at the blood-covered sword, gleaming in the lights of the office. "Sir, I-" Harry cut off. What was he supposed to say? "Yes, dear boy?" "I," He hesitated, watching the twinkle in Dumbledore's blue eyes, then quickly changed his mind, "May I please speak to the sorting hat?" A frown flashed across Dumbledore's face, but it was too fast for Harry