A/N: So, I was hanging out in my group on Facebook, minding my own business, when someone posted this video about professional cuddlers. Things got out of hand, man. They got way out of hand. This is for you guys. Much heart. "I'm not here to make friends." It was their foster father who had put those words into Edward's head. The man had good reason, Alice supposed years later. When they entered his household, both fourteen, Edward's grades had been abysmal. It had been years since he'd gone a week without cutting class. He was a troublemaker heading nowhere good. Eleazar had given him the structure he needed, the firm discipline without anger. Edward, a brilliant boy, had not only shaped up but excelled to the point he'd gone to college on a full ride. All Eleazar said the day they both left his house for college was a reminder for them to work hard. He'd taken Edward by the shoulders and pointed a finger in his face. "You've got one shot, and no one's likely to give you another. You're not there to make friends." It became Edward's catch phrase. All throughout college, whenever Alice tried to drag him out for a night of fun and relaxation, he almost always shrugged her off with, "I'm not here to make friends." In law school, when it was obvious one of the other students in his class was hoping for more than to just study with him, it was more of the same. Recently, Alice sat in the courtroom on one of Edward's cases, watching him eviscerate the poor woman on the stand. It was no wonder he was good at what he did, but damn, he wasn't nice. "I'm not here to make friends," he said. To everyone else—the friends he did have—Edward was on top of the world. He had friends by then. Friends in high places. He was good at what he did—ruthless and brilliant which made him both rich and powerful. He wore suits, and he looked damn good in them. Only Alice saw his loneliness. Only Alice still saw the fourteen-year-old boy, the orphan who had lost his parents at eleven; the boy who had been kicked out of his first foster home, whose anger only grew in the group homes. The boy who'd grown cold, because that was the best way to survive the hierarchy of the group homes. He learned not to show emotion and Eleazar, for all he had given Edward a steady home, order, and Alice, had not been an affectionate man. At least, not with them. Edward and Alice had watched him hug and cuddle his biological children. When they were kids, Alice had held him when he let her. Well, more often than not, she pretended she was the one who needed comfort. If he saw her cry, he would always—always—come to her. Then, she could wrap her arms, herself, around him. Now that they were all grown up, she had fewer excuses to hold him like that. She was too happy to play the devastated, abused child. She had Jasper now, and Edward had turned her over to his loving arms. There was a sadness in him, below the surface, that made her ache. She couldn't hold him anymore. So, she'd just have to find someone who could. ~0~ "This is ridiculous," Edward muttered under his breath, pulling up to the address on his GPS. Scowling, he bent over the steering wheel to peer out the window at the house. He scoffed at his behavior. If something untoward was going on—if he was going to be molested or robbed—it wasn't as though there'd be a sign announcing it. Instead, the house announced nothing but the name of the business: Bear Hugs. Alice had promised there'd be no fuzzy gay prostitutes, but he wasn't sure he believed her. Alice. Somehow, after all these years, Alice was the one person Edward could never deny. There wasn't much he wouldn't do for his foster-sister. He'd never gotten over the image of her the day he met her—fourteen and miserable. He'd spent a lot of time when he was a teenager getting her to smile. She smiled easier these days, but that didn't stop Edward from trying. That was how he ended up outside a strange house on one of his rare days off, dressed, as instructed, in simple sweats and a t-shirt, there to be cuddled, supposedly, because for some damn reason, the thought made Alice happy. She'd purchased the session for him, and it wasn't as though it was going to hurt,m. This would be an anecdote he could tell, he thought as he walked up to the door. How many people had been professionally cuddled by— The door came open, and Edward balked. The man who stood there was a giant—broad, his curly hair wild and his grin wide. Nerves shot down Edward's spine, and he rubbed the back of his neck. "Sorry," he said. "Wrong house." "Don't run off," the man said as Edward turned to head back to his car. The man chuckled. "We come in different shapes and sizes. Come in. I think you'd probably prefer if Bella helped you." Edward huffed, but he followed the large man into the house. His size was intimidating, but his smile had seemed… Well, gentle. "You're Edward Cullen, right? Our eleven o'clock appointment? I'm Emmett, by the way," the giant said. "I specialize in engulfing hugs." Edward snickered. He couldn't help it. It all sounded so ridiculous. Emmett tilted his head. "You didn't set up this appointment yourself, did you?" "No." Edward felt a wry smile tug at the corner of his mouth. "My sister thought it was a good idea." He rolled his shoulders. "Or maybe she's playing a joke on me." "You think this is a joke?" Edward grimaced and straightened up. "That was rude. I apologize." The grin reappeared. "We get that a lot. Professional cuddling." Emmett chuckled and shook his head. "Who knew that was a thing? But it is." "Good money, too." Edward's eyes went wide when he saw the poster on the wall listing out rates. "Christ." "Hey, it's harder work than it looks like. You know most of these sessions are an hour? Have you ever tried to sit still for an hour?" "And you get enough customers, obviously." "It's a legit business, boss." Emmett crossed his arms and leaned back against door frame to an adjoining room. He nodded at something over Edward's shoulder. "But I'll let Bella tell you about it." Edward turned around. Standing across the room was a lovely young woman, dressed like him in sweats and a t-shirt. She was a very young woman. He wouldn't be surprised if she was barely out of her teens. He blurted the question before he could help himself. "How old are you?" It was rude, but the woman—Bella—didn't seem to mind. "Twenty-one. Putting myself through college. I want to study genes" She smiled. "My name is Bella." She crossed the room, her stance and expression open, but she didn't offer her hand. "I have a few questions for you, if you don't mind." "Sure." "What's your comfort level with touch? Do you have any aversions? Any trauma I should be aware of?" "Trauma?" The word caught Edward by surprise, though he supposed it shouldn't have. He'd known a few kids in the foster system who would freak out if anyone touched them. "No. I have no trauma. I think this is all a little weird, though." Her lips tugged up at one corner, and she nodded. "Understandable, but bear with me. I'll explain. She gestured forward down a hallway. "I like the bedroom setting best, but we can also do it in the living room. Whatever you'd prefer." Edward's eyes went wide. "I, uh—" She laughed. "Maybe now is the best time to make sure you understand what we do here. We offer the services of intimate touch. Specifically, cuddling." She folded her arms across her chest, but she looked amused rather than annoyed. "Intimate isn't the same as erotic. I won't be getting near your erogenous zones, and you won't be getting near mine." She tilted her head up. "Really. Don't try it. You do, noses will be punched, police will be called." She waved her hands. "You don't want to bring that whole mess down on all of us." "No," Edward said with a laugh. "That doesn't sound like my idea of a good time." He looked over his shoulder. "Is that what he's here for?" He gestured with his chin toward the entry hall where he'd met Emmett. "Believe me, you're missing out. Emmett is by far the best cuddler here. He just…" She made a movement, bringing her arms in front of her. "He gets all of you. You're just…" "Engulfed?" Edward recalled the word Emmett used before. "Exactly. It's nice. He's the one who taught me all I know." "But you can't give engulfing hugs?" "Well, I can. I give great engulfing hugs. I kind of wrap around your back like a spider monkey." Edward arched an eyebrow. "A spider monkey, huh? Is it extra for that? A spider monkey cuddle?" She studied him with a bemused expression. "This all sounds silly to you." It wasn't a question. "I'm impressed with whomever came up with it. Someone made millions off pet rocks, too." "This is a legitimate and necessary service for a lot of people. The benefits of a good cuddle are scientifically proven." "Oh?" Edward couldn't hide the amusement in his voice. "Someone conducted a scientific study of cuddles, huh?" She rolled her eyes, but she, too, was smiling. "Someone has studied everything, but the science of cuddling is actually important." "Is it?" Even he could hear the laughter in his voice. Was he supposed to take this seriously? Bella's face remained passive, but something flashed in her eyes. It made the smile that played at her lips look almost cocky. "Affectionate touch is a necessity. Neonatal wards have volunteers to cuddle those babies. Not because they're babies, but because their health improves when they're touched consistently. In fact, touch is essential to good development. Not just emotional development, but physical and mental development as well. Children who are hugged, held, and cuddled are very simply healthier." "I'm not denying children need to be held. Children need a lot of things adults don't." "Do they?" Bella took a step toward him. "I think you meant that children need the same things adults do; they're just incapable of getting most of it themselves. We feed ourselves. Clothe ourselves. Take care of our functions. What makes you think touch stops being as much of a necessity as everything else?" "The fact I'm still breathing and functioning and fine even though I don't get hugged every day." Edward shook his head, not buying what this girl was selling. "I'm not saying it isn't nice, but it's not necessary." Her eyes met his, and something in her voice changed when she spoke again. "I asked you earlier if you had any trauma that would make you averse to touch. We work with a lot of traumatized people specifically because touch is important. Among other things, being touched reminds us we're not alone in the world. This is a safe, warm place for anyone who comes here. "That's the psychology of touch, but let's go back to the science. Biology. Stress is a big factor in health. A stressed out person is more likely to have health problems, agreed?" Edward nodded. "Yes." "Biologically, touch does several things for the body." She counted off on her fingers as she began to list, "Increased oxytocin. Decreased cortisol, the stress hormone. Triggers a nice rush of dopamine." "Dopamine?" he asked. For some reason, his thoughts had gotten fuzzy around the edges. Not in a bad way. Her words, or rather the way