A/N: Wooo. We won third place in the Anything Goes contest. Thank you so much to everyone who participated. Here was the great thing about audio books: when you had your headphones on, no one could tell what the heck you were listening to. It wasn't my fault that there were sex scenes in a lot of books. Audio porn—totally safe for work. Whenever a sexy scene would come on, I'd find a reason to be up and about. It gave me a perverse charge. I got my mail, made copies—generally went about my business, smiling and nodding at my coworkers as I walked around the cubicle farm. They'd never guess that someone's voice was in my ear, reading to me about how much they loved to suck big, fat, purple-headed cocks. What? I didn't say it was good porn. In fact, really, it was awkward most of the time. Seriously, there were no good words for balls. I've tried every one, and none of them sound good. And really, describing sex wasn't all that sexy. It was all, he put his leg here, and the other guy used his mouth with just this particular amount of teeth, and… Look, describing body parts. What they're doing, and how much lubrication is involved isn't ever going to be sexy. Leave it at that. The point was, I sat in my little cubicle every day listening to things that would have gotten me fired for sexual harassment, if I was watching them, and no one was the wiser. Well, almost no one. The exception was my coworker-turned-friend, Emmett Cullen. See, the one flaw in my brilliant plan to stick it to corporate America—pun intended—was that it depended on me wearing earphones. Seeing as I listened to audiobooks on my phone—and God only knew, I couldn't go anywhere without my phone—I had to disconnect sometimes. Then, when I got back to my desk, I'd press play without putting the headphones back in the jack. Yeah, you guessed it. My phone started blaring out whatever book I was reading. Most of the time, it wasn't a big deal. I didn't listen to straight-up erotica books. I listened to regular novels which just happened to have sex scenes in them. The narrator got out maybe a couple of words before I shut the program down or shoved the headphones in the jack. Except this one time. One time, I pressed play in the wrong place at the wrong time, just as the narrator was imitating a (terrible) groan of ecstasy. I was so freaked out, it took me a few extra seconds to turn the program off while the narrator was all, "Oh, God. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck me. Fuck me. Harder, Mitch. Oh, fuck what your cock does to me baby, yeeeee—" And by that time, Emmett was giggling his fool head off, and a friendship was born. I had to explain to him what was going on. He took me out to lunch and made me play him the book when we were in his car. "How the hell does this shit do anything for you?" Emmett asked, breaking the long, ridiculously awkward silence after I'd played him the sex scene. I snickered. "Doesn't do anything for me. At least not like that. Kind of a conflict of interest at work, don't you think?" "Hey, man, I'm going to try not to, if it's all the same to you." Now, I was over my embarrassment. Whenever I got to a particularly horrible sex scene, I would play it for Emmett so we could cackle together. "I still don't get why you listen to this shit. It's so bad," Emmett said on one such porn-filled lunch break. "It's an audiobook. The point isn't actually the sex. Well..." I smirked. "Not usually, anyway. I know you don't like books without pictures, but I do. It's the only way I get to read these days." I had school, work, and obligations to my family—a little brother and sister much younger than me. I only had time to listen to books. "So, you're trying to tell me you read Playgirl for the articles?" Emmett asked, chortling. I threw a fry at him. The sonovabitch caught it in his mouth, and maybe I lamented a little bit that Emmett was as straight as they come. Just a little, though, and only because he had these amazing green eyes that drove me a little bit crazy. I couldn't help the twinge of attraction, and it was only that—a twinge. While I was busy lamenting how pretty his eyes were, the light kind of faded from them. Emmett ducked his head and rubbed the back of his neck. Weird. "You okay, man?" I asked. "Yeah." Emmett checked his phone. It must have been close enough to one o'clock, because he started the car again. "I was just wondering if you'd help me out with something." "No way am I doing your recertification interviews again." He shook his head. "No, man. I just feel like a dick for asking you to do me a favor when I haven't asked you to hang out before. It's not like I wouldn't want to hang out with you alone, you know? Just, life is all...lifey." "Emmett, what the hell are you babbling about?" He sighed. "Really long story short? There was some drama between my brother and me a few years back. We're speaking again, but it's that crappy kind of speaking." He huffed. "Gotta tell you, man, I'm not good at that stuff. I'm good at sticking my foot in my mouth, and Edward is good at holding grudges." "What does that have to do with me?" "I thought we could hang out. Get a beer or something. See, he's gay." Oh, here we go. I folded my arms across my chest. "And all us gay guys have to get along, right? Because we have that in common—we like to look at a nice ass." "Shit, who doesn't like to look at a nice ass?" Emmett shook his head. "It's not that, dude. Bleh. See? This is exactly what I mean." He laughed. "And this is also why I want you to come with me. You have no idea how often you sound exactly like him. I want you to go because I know he'll like you. He and I are still kind of defensive around each other." He glanced at me as he pulled up to a red light. "Look, let me get serious on you for a second. Losing my brother for all that time sucked pretty damn hard. I don't want to mess it up again. I just need a buffer, I guess." I stared at him, and after a few seconds, I laughed. "Jesus damn. That was deep, and hella thoughtful, actually." "See?" Emmett threw one hand up, keeping the other hand on the wheel as he drove. "I need you to tell him shit like that, too. He'll never believe it coming out of my mouth." ~0~ It was Friday morning. I yawned as I got ready and had to check myself. Right. I was supposed to go out with Emmett and his brother tonight. Since we were going right after work, I had to either dress snazzy now or bring something that I could change into. I didn't date, really. Not that I didn't want to. Between school and work, I barely had time to breathe. But, I wasn't averse to a good hook-up either. Life was meant to be lived, and I wasn't going to deny myself a flirt, or a dance, or a kiss, or a good fuck when one was thrown in my lap. Not that I was thinking of perving on Emmett's brother. First of all, it's not like I wanted any guy just because he was gay. We came in all shapes and sizes and, most importantly, attitudes. I wasn't going to kiss an asshole. Well, I mean, a jerk. Let's get real. I was totally into kissing assholes. Anyway. The second thing was, Emmett had already said that Edward wasn't a hook-up kind of guy. He'd had a steady boyfriend who, last Emmett heard, had broken his heart. Before that guy, he'd dated another guy for a solid few months before they decided to call it quits on account of low chemistry and busy schedules. Really, that was better. Starting something with my buddy's brother sounded like a social mishap waiting to happen. Weren't there rules for that kind of thing? Whatever. The point was, it never hurt to look nice. You never knew what was going to happen. But planning how to look fabulous takes time and effort, which made me late for work. Late for work meant no coffee, meant Jasper was a grumpy boy. And sleepy, a condition which was not helped by the fact my current narrator had a voice that encouraged napping. I flipped through my audio library. It never failed. It didn't matter that I had about two hundred unread books, none of them were catching my attention. So, I logged in to the Audible shop and started scrolling. " Two Crossed Swords ." I giggled. Oh, and there was a guy in a kilt making the I-hate-you-I-love-you eyes at a guy in a red coat. An Englishman then? I pulled up the summary. Yep. Scot vs Englishman. That promised to get saucy. Something to talk about at dinner then? Well, if Emmett's brother wasn't a prude, anyway. Maybe we could all laugh at how bad the sex scenes were. And I already knew they were going to be epic-terrible. "Sold." I spent the credit. The story turned out to be pretty good, but, more importantly at the moment, the narrator was excellent. He had a rich voice and yet light. Musical, almost. It drew me in, mesmerized me. I got annoyed when I actually had to concentrate on my work. And then...it happened. Just when it looked like the two main characters were actually going to kill each other this time, the Scot grabbed the Englishman by his stupid red coat and pulled him and then… He kissed him. Of course he kissed him. Anybody who didn't see that coming was blind. God, I loved a good first kiss. This author and this narrator gave a damn good kiss. It was all desperate and furious. Lips and teeth and their hands grabbing and pulling and pushing. Nostrils flaring as they struggled to breathe because neither of them were letting go. One of them tripped, and they were on the ground, and… They weren't going to stop. "Whoa, guys. Everything at once, huh?" I muttered to myself. I mentally shushed myself because the scene was intense. They were going to ruin it with awkward sex, but until then, I wanted to enjoy every second of it. By this time, my fingers had paused on the keyboard. Who could work when two guys with sexy accents were ripping each other's clothes off? I waited for it to turn awkward. The narrator started to talk about the planes of the Scot's chest. Pushes and shoves turned into fervent grips, nips, they started to breathe each other in, and… This wasn't getting awkward. This was anything but awkward. My face was hot. My skin kind of tingled. The Scot and the Englishman were exploring each other's bodies, taking warm, hardening flesh in their hands and… Good lord almighty, this narrator had managed to make the word balls sound sexy. His voice kind of caressed the word—all heat and thrill, and… I threw the headphones as far away from me as my desk allowed and smacked at my phone until I pressed pause. With a groan, I collapsed forward on my desk, my head in my hands. I had a problem. A, well, not to toot my own horn, but a slightly bigger than average problem. That was fucking