Disclaimer: I am not Stephenie Meyer. This was intended to be an entry for the Dirty Talking Edward contest, but I got cold feet. So beware… filthy talk ahead. Really, it was their boss's fault. How many meetings had they sat through, Edward on one side of the table, Bella on the other, while their boss let one after another accidentally filthy statement tumble from her mouth? Bella felt bad. She was supposed to be a grown, professional woman, not a twelve year old boy trying not to giggle at accidental dirty words. But really, the woman was throwing things out there like, "You gotta hit them hard and fast. Over and over." When she said, "You really have to ram your point down their throat." Bella thought she was going to lose it for sure. That was when she heard a noise, a muffled chortle. For a brief second, she panicked, thinking she'd actually let a titter loose, but then she realized Edward had his hand over his mouth, no doubt hiding his laughter. Their eyes met across the table, and she smiled. Edward Cullen worked around the corner from her in the cubicle farm. Bella knew who he was because his cubicle was far and away her favorite in the office. It was wall to wall, floor to the top of his cubicle covered in hardcore nerd wallpaper. The fact that a lot of what he had up was fanart told Bella he either went to a lot of conventions or Etsy knew his address by heart. Star Wars, Star Trek, Firefly, The X-Files, Supernatural, Doctor Who, Sherlock... they were all represented. And though they should have had a thousand things to talk about, the few times Bella had come face to face with Edward, she'd found herself tongue-tied. The first time she'd seen his cubicle, she'd stared for minutes, trying to take it all in. She'd stared for so long, she didn't hear him approach, and when she'd turned around, she'd been face to face with the stubble on his chin. And his pursed lips. And then, behind the thick black glasses he wore, his soft green eyes. "Hi. Um. Great...stuff. Sorry." That was what she'd stuttered before she made for her own cubicle. Aside from that, they'd both murmured soft, "Hi's" to each other when politeness and accidental eye contact dictated, but they'd never spoken. Bella ducked her head, pretending to write something on the pad of paper in front of her. This man was the boy on the playground who'd tugged her pigtails; the grade school note: do you like me, check yes or no; the wondering if that cute boy from her middle school history class even knew her name, let alone that yes, yes, yes she would absolutely go to the dance with him if only he asked. Why was she so twitterpated and stupid around him? It was ridiculous. She was a grown woman and it didn't matter that he was some Clark Kent looking, super-nerd. He was just a man. They'd had a moment. They had things in common. They were co-workers. It was high time she had at least the obligatory small talk conversation with him. If opportunity presented itself, of course. That kind of thought always got her into trouble. Such as after the meeting when they were all having the usual catered sandwich and salad lunch. She found herself backing away from another coworker of hers, Mike, who was persistently trying to get in her bubble space. She stepped back, back, back, nodding at him but not engaging in conversation. He wasn't getting the hint. And then she backed into something softer than a wall. Bella whirled. "I'm-" Her apology died on her lips because she was standing so close to Edward Cullen, her feet were in between his. She was face to face with his stubble, so close she would just have to tilt her head an inch or so to be nuzzling him. She stumbled backward. "Sorry." Her heart was pounding way out of control. His eyes were still on her, and she couldn't seem to look away. "No blood, no foul." His voice was quiet. Hesitant, almost shy. Their stare-off broke when another coworker reached in between them to get to the Pepsi bottle on the counter. Edward and Bella readjusted, both moving out of the way and, to Bella's relief, away from Mike. The conference room was clearing out, people taking their meals to their desks or the break room to eat. "So," she said. "So," he answered. He rubbed the back of his neck, and she shuffled her feet. Her body was tensed to run, and that was stupid. Small talk. You promised, the voice in her head admonished. But rather than something innocuous like the weather, her tongue chose a different subject. "So I'm not the only one, huh?" His brows furrowed. "Only one who what?" Embarrassed, not really understanding why she was talking about this, Bella waved a hand in the vague direction of their boss. "The way she talks." Bella was relieved when she saw realization dawn on his face. "If she's not doing it on purpose or out of some sort of sexual frustration, she has a talent." Edward smiled. "Then again, I've had my fair share of moments. My brother's one talent is making me look like a pervert." He shook his head. "More often than not, I don't even see them coming..." "Well, if you don't see them coming, it's probably because you're inside them at the time." Edward sucked in a breath, and Bella's eyes went wide when she realized what she'd said. Her cheeks flamed. He laughed that uncomfortable kind of laugh when the situation has gotten awkward and heavy and the air was thick. "I, um..." He huffed again, but his lips turned up. "There's a perfect thing to say here. I can feel it on the tip of my tongue. It's frustrating how hard this is." She should have been able to laugh, but she couldn't. The air around them was aflame, licking at her cheeks and coiling in the pit of her stomach. She saw when realization dawned on his face, when he heard what he'd said as it sounded when one's mind was several feet under the gutter. His cheeks turned the color Bella's felt, but his eyes swept over her face and down. His lips parted, his breath stuttered, and that was when it occurred to Bella her nipples were hard. And he could see. When he looked back up in her eyes, she felt as if he could see every image his words had brought on. The tip of his tongue. What might be hard and what frustrations she could help him relieve. She could have said any number of things. She wanted to. But she didn't understand what was happening between them, didn't know how to react. His mouth opened and closed. She wondered if he was having the same problem finding words that wouldn't turn into sexual innuendos. "Hey, Cullen." They both jumped, startled and turned so they were leaning against the counter rather than toward each other. Bella grabbed blindly for a bottle of water and drank half of it before she breathed again. Not daring to look at Edward, she made a beeline for the door. ~0~ Bella had never been good at this sort of thing. She'd never been the kind of girl who was able to tell when someone was attracted to her. She'd never been smooth enough to flirt. This whole thing with Edward had her in a tongue-tied, befuddled loop. It had gotten to the point that her body had a physical reaction to the sight of him. Her cheeks heated, and that was understandable. Hadn't she embarrassed herself with their last exchange? But it was everything else that made the air between them... not awkward but just... different. Heavy. Intense. Heated. Electric. She had no idea how to explain it. There was no rational reason why, when he entered a room, every other conversation turned to ambient noise. There was no reason her blood began to hum, and her body turned on. She felt more aware of everything. She felt the cold air of the air conditioning against the fine hairs on her arm. She felt the ground beneath her feet and most of all, she felt his gaze on her like a physical weight. He could pin her in place with his gaze alone. But like her, he seemed frozen. She watched his mouth work, but no words came out. Could it be he was at as much at a loss? Was he struggling, like her, to find rationality and reason? Whatever was happening between them, could it be he was just as bad at talking it out as she was? Weeks passed like this. One day, Bella was in the supply closet. Edward had barely even looked her way all week, though she told herself they were all under deadlines. The end of the quarter was always a busy time. She was stretched up on her tiptoes, trying to reach a box on the top shelf. She didn't hear the door open, so when a warm hand pressed to her back she almost fell. He caught her wrists before she dropped her hands to her side, and he kept them extended. He stepped up behind her, her back brushing his chest, and he pinned each of her hands spread above her against the metal shelving unit. Bella opened her mouth to speak, but nothing came out. She should have been frightened, but she wasn't. She should have told him to get his hands off her, but she didn't. She was frozen, and he seemed to be equally caught in this moment they were having. His breath was hot and ragged against her ear. She heard very distinctly when he swallowed before he finally spoke. "I don't just want to see you naked." Bella gasped, a thrill going down her spine when his voice rumbled so low, her skin nearly vibrated. He curled her fingers purposefully around the shelf, his silent instruction clear. When he let her go, she hung on, though she had no earthly idea why. With his hands free now, he stepped even closer. He drew his finger down her hair, pressed the pad against her neck, before he touched her sides. "I want to see you exposed." Bella bit the inside of her cheek. Her mouth was open but still no sound came out. Her breath came in shallow pants. Edward drew his fingers up her sides, following the line of her arms up to her wrists. "I like you like this because your hands get in the way of things I want to see." His hands came back down, reaching around to ghost across her breasts. "To feel." Again he pressed closer to her so her torso was pinned against the lower shelf. He used his feet to guide her legs apart. "And like this, so I can see all the places I want to fuck you, so I can take my time deciding." His hands were traveling lower, and Bella whimpered when his fingers rested just above her waistline. The tiny room might as well have been on fire. Before she could beg him to go further, before he could speak again, conversation from outside got closer. He stepped away from her, and Bella exhaled in a gust. By the time she could remember how to move, he was gone. ~0~ This was not normal. This was not how normal, human adults did things. This wasn't how normal people reacted when they were attracted to each other. And that was about the only thing Bella had figured out about what was going on. She was attracted. Edward was attracted. They were enthralled. Obsessed. The only language he'd found was that of the debauched.