To Her Door. This one's for MagTwi78. She's one of the sweetest, kindest gals around. Happy Birthday, mate. Thank you for your friendship and for the sunshine you bring to so many people's lives. Hadley Hemingway stepped in to work her beta-magic on this, even though I left it to the last minute. Thank you, my dear. Part One. She said, "I'm not standing by, to watch you slowly die / So watch me walking, out the door." He comes home late. Again. Bella tells the girls to eat their tea, watching the gravy congeal on her own plate. It's been sweltering in their little house since the sun broke free of the copse of eucalyptus trees that shade the house in the mornings. Sticking a leg of lamb in the oven this afternoon only made it worse. Sweat trickles down Bella's spine and gathers behind her knees. Hair curls at her temples, the way it always does when the humidity gets this high. Edward always thought it was cute, the way those curls sprang to life with the threat of rain. He'd call her his pretty little barometer and he'd grin as he tapped her nose. He always had to tap the barometer that hung in his dad's kitchen to check it wasn't jammed. Bella pushes the hair away from her face. There'll be a storm tonight. "You no 'ungry, Mummy?" Bella forces a smile for her daughters. "I'll eat mine when Daddy comes home. Alice, you need to eat your broccoli, too, okay? Not just the meat." Alice scrunches up her nose but doesn't argue. Bella gives her two-year-old a thumbs up as she shovels a forkful of the vegetable into her little mouth. "Where is Daddy?" Rosie looks at the clock on the dining room wall. She can't read it, not really. She just knows her Daddy's supposed to be home when the big hand points up and the little hand points down. "Not time yet," she decides. She doesn't understand "clockwise," doesn't realise the hands have gone right past six o'clock and on towards seven. "You keep eating, Rosie." The vinyl tablecloth tries to hang onto the water glass and it makes a sticky-sounding noise as Bella lifts it to her mouth. He hasn't been home on time for nearly two weeks. Not since they heard there'd be cutbacks at the mill. He reckons it'll help, getting on his supervisor's good side. So he spends his evenings in the pub, buying rounds they can't afford, trying to secure his job. While Bella prods the girls through their dinner, bath, and bed routine, then takes her seat at their crappy little dining table, feeling every bit the dutiful housewife waiting for her husband to come home. She wonders if she should start wearing a ruffle-trimmed apron, because it certainly feels like she's slipped back into the bad old days of the 1950's. "I'm finished," Rosie declares. Alice drops her fork onto the melamine plate. "I finis too." The girls whinge a bit as their mum chivvies them into eating a few more pieces of broccoli and a couple of bites of baked potato. Bella doesn't know if she actually cares about them eating their veggies, or whether she's just trying to prolong the time they're all at the table, hoping Edward will come home before she concedes defeat and declares it bathtime. He doesn't come, though, and the evening drags on as usual. Bella sits by the bath as the girls paste their faces and hair with bubbles, reminding them to wash under their arms and behind their ears. She dries them and helps them into their pyjamas, then works a comb through their hair. She tackles Alice's dark curls first, then Rosie's blonde wisps. In the girls' bedroom, Bella tucks them under the sheets—it's too hot for anything warmer—and sits on the worn carpet between their beds. She reads Koala Lou and The Ballad of Skip and Nell and every other book on their shelf until the girls' eyelids are heavy and her voice is hoarse. When she can't read any longer, Bella kisses her daughters' soft cheeks and strokes their hair as she tell them she loves them. She turns off the lamp and stays there on the floor, letting the tears fall silently as the girls yawn and wriggle and eventually fall asleep. Bella closes their door and prays he won't be too loud when he comes in. She walks to the back door of their little fibro two bedroom and stands there, looking out over the yard. The lights from inside pool on the grass, which is scattered with the girls' toys and in desperate need of a mow. The Hills Hoist is laden with the three loads of laundry Bella did this morning. She knows she should bring the clothes in before the rain starts, but right now she just doesn't have the energy. There's no breeze, not a whisper. In the distance, lightning jags across across the sky. Bella counts: one, two, three, four, five, six… until she hears the rumble of thunder. She can't remember exactly what the time lag is supposed to mean. Is it five hundred metres for every second? She's not sure. Whatever it means, the storm's still a ways away. The thunder sounds almost gentle, like it's just someone a few streets over moving their furniture around. That's what her grandma used to say when she quaked at the sound, isn't it? "It's just God moving his furniture around, Bella. Don't fuss." Thoughts of Gran have Bella looking over her shoulder, searching out her picture in the cluster of frames on top of the television cabinet. There she is, smiling out over the room. It makes Bella's heart ache—she misses her grandmother so much. Bella's gaze moves on, wandering over the family snaps, the baby photos, Rosie's preschool picture, until it lands on her wedding photo. Is that really me? she wonders. She hardly recognises herself. She's older now, of course—but not by much. And there's the extra five kilos she has left over from two pregnancies. But it's the hopefulness in her younger self's smile she can't connect with. She can't remember what that feels like, to have the whole world at her feet and her future at her fingertips. Her focus shifts to Edward's face. That smile, those eyes. She can't see their colour from here, but her brain fills in what the eye can't. His green eyes. The colour of fallen gum leaves, when they've gone all dry and crackly under the summer sun. It's that stage when you can crumble them in your fingertips and the smell of eucalyptus will stay on your hands all day. Closing her eyes, Bella wipes away the moisture gathered on her cheeks. We had no idea, back then. They were full of hope and youthful arrogance. So what that they were only nineteen? They had this big, huge, all-consuming love and they knew it could get them through anything. And what did it matter that they'd been married only three months when Bella fell pregnant? There'd be time to finish her nursing degree later on. It's only been four and half years since that photograph was taken. So much has changed since then. Two kids, no uni degree, and she's no longer certain that love is enough. The rains starts about eight o'clock, drumming impatient fingers on the roof and windows. Bella closes the back door and turns on the television. She flicks through the channels but nothing catches her attention so she switches it off again. She curls up on the couch, staring at the window. She watches the rain droplets throw themselves against the glass. A little after eight-thirty, she hears Edward come through the front gate. He's singing, some old Paul Kelly tune his dad was fond of. He's got a nice singing voice—just not when he's had a skinful. He's offkey and too loud, and she rushes to the door to shush him before he can wake the girls. "Hey, baby." He grins down at her, his eyes bleary with drink. His clothes are saturated; water drips from his hair and slides down his face. For the hundredth time, Bella thanks God that he's not a mean drunk. He's loud and lazy and he gets kind of handsy, but he's not aggressive—never has been. "Come on, you." She speaks softly, hoping he'll get the hint to do the same. She helps him take off his shirt and hangs it over the back of a chair. He kicks off his boots and slumps into a chair at the table while she grabs him a towel. His head's sort of floppy on his neck—he's probably had at least half a dozen schooners. Bella doesn't let herself work out how much that would've cost him. "You hungry?" Bella opens the oven to retrieve the lamb roast she's been keeping warm for him. "Not for food." He pinches her bum as she sets his plate in front of him. There was a time Bella would've found his drunken antics cute. When that smile he's wearing would have her stripping them both from their clothes and letting him screw her on the kitchen table. But after weeks of this, of him coming home late during the week, then drinking himself into oblivion in front of the television all weekend, she's had enough. "Don't touch me," she tells him, swatting his hand away. He pulls his keys and wallet from the pocket of his sodden shorts and tosses them onto the table, and Bella wonders where he left his ute tonight. Did he drive to the pub or is it still parked out the front of the mill? He's not dumb enough to get behind the wheel like this—another thing to be thankful for. But it's hard to feel any real gratitude right now, when she knows she's going to have to wake the girls up early and bundle them into the car while they complain in their sleepy voices, so she can drive him to work tomorrow morning. Bella sits down with Edward while he eats, trying to not to cringe at every clang of cutlery against china. Her own dinner is in the bin, untouched; her appetite is non-existent. His plate is half-cleared when Edward stops eating, dropping his cutlery onto the table. Gravy and specks of broccoli splatter across the table cloth. Bella starts to get up, intending to grab a cloth from the sink, when Edward's hand closes around her wrist. She looks at her hand in his. It's shaking. No, it's him. Edward is shaking. "I'm sorry, Bella." And he's crying. Bella's only seen her husband cry once before. He was dry-eyed at their wedding, and the first time he held each of his daughters—even at his grandmother's funeral. But when they buried Mick Newton two years ago, she saw a few tears slip down his cheeks before he swiped them away. She remembers thinking it was a testament to how unbearably tragic it was: Mick took his own life a few days shy of his 21st birthday. Edward lets go of her wrist, drops his head into his hands. His shoulders quake with his silent sobs. She closes her eyes. Anticipates what he's about to say. "I–I got laid off." He sounds so broken. "I'm so sorry, baby." All the words are there, lined up in Bella's mind: We'll manage. I can get some work. Something else will come up. We'll get through this. But she doesn't say anything. Because right now, she doesn't believe a word of it. For two months, Edward keeps up the pretence of looking for work. And it is a pretence, because who's going to hire him in this town? When there's now thirty other blokes out looking for work, too? But he goes down to Centrelink and applies for jobs he won't get, won't even be