On Penkivil Street The Second World War stole his brothers, his mobility, and his pride. He assumed it had also taken away his prospects of being loved. But the quiet, dark-haired girl hiding in the kitchens at a Boxing Day dance proved him so very wrong. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognisable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. … … Bondi Beach bustles with life, the early-arriving summer weather drawing the crowds. The bright blue sky seems to stretch on forever and sunlight glitters on the ocean. Laughing parents chase castle-destroying children across the sand, groups of young men sit on their longboards beyond the breaking waves, and elderly couples walk hand-in-hand, enjoying the warm sunshine. Edward Masen sits at the high tide mark on a faded blanket, one hand shielding his eyes against the glare, watching a beautiful girl with long, dark hair dancing over the waves. Knee deep in the whitewash, snatches of her laughter are whipped from her mouth by the onshore breeze and deposited in his lap. He gathers them up, filing them neatly in his mind, determined to hold onto each precious moment she gives him. Beside him, a family of four are unpacking their baskets and bags, spreading out a picnic rug and raising an umbrella against the bright sunshine. A little girl with golden ringlets shovels sand into her pail while her younger brother brings a fistful of the stuff to his mouth. "No, Alistair," his mother tells him, her voice firm. The little fellow wails and flaps his chubby arms as she shoves her finger into his mouth, removing a lump of wet sand from his pink tongue. Further up the beach, a group of middle-aged women are talking to two constables, their fingers pointed in accusation towards the shoreline. Beyond them, a group of children are gathered around a bare-chested teenager wrestling with a kite. The diamond of white sailcloth, trailing a red ribbon, loops and dips against the sapphire sky, drawing "oohs" and "whoas" from the crowd. A water-stained copy of The Sydney Morning Herald rustles beside Edward as he turns his attention back to the splashing and smiling brunette. The newspaper is a day old—dated November 28, 1949—and has been consulted only for the results of the Sheffield Shield match played this week between New South Wales and Queensland. Edward doesn't place much weight on being well-informed these days; he's lived too much history in the last few years to care deeply about its unfolding now. However, and he suspects he's not alone, he does look forward to that second-to-last digit at the top of the page flipping from four to five, for the new decade to arrive. Logically, he knows there's only twenty-four hours between the end of 1949 and the start of 1950, but to him it feels monumental. A fresh start; a chance to put behind him a decade that's left its scars across the surface of the world, and all the souls that fill it. Oh, the Forties had roared all right—the roar of Hitler's fury rolling across Europe, and the answering shout of the Allied Forces' resistance. The screams of Imperial Japan, and the groan of those who fought her acquisitive march. The whole decade had been a cacophony of noise. The shriek of air-raid sirens, the whine of aircraft overhead, the staccato chatter of machine guns, the cries of wounded men, the wails of mothers as they were informed of their sons' deaths—and then the shouts of celebration as the news of victory made its slow march across the globe. And then … silence. Returning home, terrified to enquire about how Johnny down the road had fared in France, or whether Benny from the cricket club had made it back from Borneo. Then there were the looks, the whispers that followed Edward's limping progress like a curtain-ruffling breeze, the pitying shakes of heads. " Oh, that poor boy. Lost the leg in Papua, apparently." " Both his brothers were killed. The older one in Tobruk, and the younger one in, I think it was Bougainville." It wasn't. Emmett's heart had ceased its steady rhythm, his soul ripped from his body, as he and Edward fought side-by-side in the Battle of Buna-Gona. Bougainville—that was where, on the Ratsua front, Edward had taken three bullets. One in his shoulder, one just grazing his side, and the other in his calf. They said the blood loss should have killed him, but Edward stubbornly clung to life, determined his mother would not lose all three of her sons to the wretched war. He was healing well, to the amazement of the army doctors, when an infection developed in one of the wounds. And so, he was returned to Australian soil, into his mother's arms, very much alive—but minus a portion of his left leg. Rubbing absently at the place where his leg ends abruptly, just above the knee, Edward smiles as he watches the girl splashing in the shallows. Though she can't swim, she delights in the sea, and it fills him with joy to watch her play. That smile slips from his lips as he watches the two uniformed police officers heading down the sand towards her. The group of women who had been yammering away at the pair stand with hands on hips, self-righteous smiles in place, watching their progress. Reaching for his cane—"blasted thing"—Edward pulls himself upright, cursing the heavy prosthetic leg that hinders his progress over the soft sand. As he makes his unsteady way to the waterline, Edward can see that the girl's wide smile has fallen from her lips. Her dark eyes clouded with worry, she shakes her head at the officers. They step towards her and she draws back a little. Her retreat, her fear, has Edward's jaw flexing as anger pulses through him. "Isabella!" Her head turns and her shoulders sag when she sees him approaching. "Is there a problem, officers?" His voice carries a calm he does not feel. "Do you know this … woman?" The taller of the two asks, his lips pursed and his eyes narrowed. "She is my wife." "Edward," she says, stepping towards him. Balancing himself with the aid of his cane, he reaches for her with his free arm. She melts into him, her small frame tense and her soft skin chilled from her swim. His anger cools. He had told her the water was too cold to be enjoyable, but she'd just laughed, teasing him for his softness. "You're too spoiled, growing up in the sun," she had said. She exaggerated her accent—the Received Pronunciation, she called it. "At home, this kind of weather would have everyone moaning and complaining. This dreadful heat. " She set one hand to her brow and fanned her face dramatically with the other. "Oh, it's just so awful." The shorter police officer sighs. "Sir, I'm afraid your wife has upset a few of the other beach-goers." Made them jealous, more like it , Edward thinks, remembering the pursed lips and pointing fingers of the gaggle of nosy biddies speaking to the constables. He imagines their complaining sounded just like the flock of seagulls that wheels overhead, shrieking and cawing. "We're going to have to ask her to dress herself more modestly," the shorter officer says, "or she must leave the beach immediately." Edward chuckles as he looks down at his wife. He can't help it. She told him so. She doesn't smile, and that, more than the two constables addressing them, worries Edward. "It's entirely my fault, officers," he says. "I bought it for her." He trails his fingertips across the exposed skin of her back. His sister had sent Isabella the catalogue from Paris, and as soon as he'd seen the picture, he knew he wanted to see her in one. A "bikini," it was called. He had imagined her, dripping wet as she emerged from the surf, with that small strip of exposed skin at her waist. It had taken a long time to arrive—Edward had almost forgotten about it when the package was delivered, just as the days started to grow long and warm. When Isabella had unwrapped the parcel, her cheeks flushed pink and her smile became shy. "Golly," she said. "It's a little risqué, no?" She chewed her lip, holding the top piece against her body. "It's so pretty, though." Edward laughed. "Risqué? It's just a bit of tummy." He reached for her and she came willingly— would that ever cease to thrill him? "Will you wear it?" "I'll get arrested," she muttered. "Or chased off the beach." But he could see in her eyes, and in her smile, that she liked it … and more than that, she liked that he liked it so much. But now, as Officer the Taller frowns at him, Edward feels a stab of guilt. Not because he thinks there's anything improper about his wife's dress— Is she really showing that much more of herself than any other woman on the beach? Hardly —but because of the shame and worry that cloud her face. " You bought it, sir?" The constable says, his voice rising in pitch with his disbelief. "You sanctioned your wife … e-exposing herself to all these people?" He shakes his head and spits on the sand, muttering something Edward doesn't quite catch. Clearly Isabella does; Edward feels the way her body stiffens against his side. "Bella," Edward says, looking down into her wide brown eyes. He sees the tears forming there and it rekindles the anger that had faded at her touch. He takes her hand and brings it to his lips. "Love, why don't you go gather our things up? I think we've had enough sun as it is." She nods, wiping at the corners of her eyes. He kisses her temple then nudges her gently. Squaring her shoulders, Isabella walks up the beach. He watches as she picks up a towel and wraps it around herself, then turns his attention back to the constabulary. Edward straightens his shoulders, as much as he can whilst supporting himself on his cane, and studies the two officers. The shorter one kicks at the sand, refusing to make eye contact. The taller, mouthy one, spits again, muttering some more. He catches the words "whore," "exhibitionist," and "disgusting," and his knuckles turn white as they tighten around the handle of his walking stick. His gut twists as he realises his impotence. It's more than his body that he feels is crippled in this moment. His pride is, too. As a younger man, able-bodied, whole, Edward wouldn't have thought twice before taking a swing at anyone, police officer or not, who had insulted himself or his family so grossly. But now, he's all too aware that he'd be flat on his face with a mouthful of sand if he tried. So he does the only thing he can, he ignores the foul words that lie at his feet in the glob of Officer Taller's spittle, and directs his gaze to Officer Shorter. "All right," he says. "We're leaving. I trust that's the end of the matter." Officer Shorter shifts his weight, looking at his companion and then back at Edward. "Yes. I suggest your wife dress more modestly in future." With a curt nod, Edward turns carefully and makes his slow and unsteady way back up the sand. Isabella smiles softly at him as he reaches her. She's slipped her sundress on and all their things are packed neatly into the basket. She tucks herself under his shoulder—for all appearances, a show of sweet affection. It's more than that though, acting like a human crutch, she supports some of his weight, easing his progress on the softer, dry sand. "Good?" He nods, swallowing down the lump in his throat that's stopping him from speaking. "Thank you," he says, the words coming out more roughly than he intends. The walk home would