My sincerest thanks to BelieveItOrNot, who encouraged me to stick with this, even when the word limit made me despair, and to Hadley Hemingway, who adds all my missing commas and crosses out my redundant thats. Ladies, I'm so grateful for the time you invest in me. *kisses* N.B.: No medical condition, particularly one affecting the brain, is experienced in exactly the same way by different people. Edward's experience may not match someone else's. It is, however, based on real events. Skin: The body's biggest organ. Three layers deep. I don't know about you, but I wear a lot of my history on mine. It doesn't matter that I hang up different coloured towels for us, he still ends up using mine. How can he not distinguish between lavender and navy blue? I guess I'll drip dry. Again . I check the time on my phone and lift my gaze to the toothpaste-speckled mirror. Who is that woman? It's certainly not me. My shoulders are squarer than hers, strong from paddling out into the surf every day before dawn. My hair is lighter, mousy brown turned gold by the sun. My teeth are whiter. My skin is browner. My eyes are clearer. My nipples point higher. Age has made me vain: when I picture myself, I still see the body of a girl barely out of her teens. My gaze lands on the apostrophe-shaped scar above my eyebrow. Reality reasserts itself: There I am. I still remember the feel of wet grass under my feet as we ran through the sprinkler, the echoes of my brothers' and the Masen boys' laughter. I remember the way James went grey when he saw the blood dripping down the side of my face. He had been chasing me, a worm dangling from his muddy fingers, when I tripped on the pavers. I reached out to catch myself, but my face clipped the edge of the old, weathered table. Growing up with six boys, two brothers and the four Masen boys next door, I took a few tumbles. We did some pretty silly shit as kids. Age-wise, I slotted in at number four, right in the middle of the seven of us. Dad prised four slats out of the fence between our houses a few weeks after Mrs. Masen bailed. All seven of us sat on the cracked concrete beneath our clothes line, watching him work, until he called us over to see if we could fit through the gap. Mike, Edward, and Emmett had to squeeze through sideways. "Take the whole fence down, Dad." Ben's gaze was on the treehouse over the Masens' side of the fence. Dad laughed. "You're not getting free rein, champ. We're just trying to work out the best way to look after the lot of you." "Like a coalition?" I asked. We had been learning about the federal government at school, and I knew two parties sometimes made a deal to work together. "Exactly." Dad ruffled my hair, and I stood a little taller. "A parenting coalition." Ben scratched his forehead, smudging it with dirt. "Is Carlisle our second dad now?" Dad coughed into his elbow. "Nah. But you better behave yourself when you're over there." He looked at the rest of us. "You'll all head over there after school." He nodded towards the Masens' house. "Get your homework done, then you're free to do whatever until I get home." "What ever ?" Mike folded his arms across his chest. "Can we go surfing?" "Up to Carlisle. You gotta do your homework first. And you take the younger kids with you if you do go down the beach." Mike groaned. He looked to Edward for support, but Edward shrugged. "Fair enough." "Good. Carlisle starts at the hospital at seven most days, so I'll do dinner, and then it's just a matter of keeping an ear out for you boys"—he waved a hand towards the Masens—"while you have your showers and get ready for bed." "Can you make Edward read my stories?" Jasper scowled at his oldest brother, who lifted his hands like, "Did I say I wouldn't?!" Dad's smile was sad. "I can read your stories, Jasper." Edward was almost fourteen, so he probably could've managed his brothers' bedtime stories and Lights Out regime, but I suspect Dad was trying to spare him some responsibility. Dad had been on his own since Mum died, just after Ben was born, so he knew how tough it was, looking after three kids alone. I reach for the tube of over-priced, gardenia-scented moisturiser that promises to fight wrinkles and sagging skin. My reflection rubs slow circles across her face. The two scars on her right hand are further proof this bag of skin actually contains me . Eric Yorkie used to start in on us at bus lines. Ours was the last bus to arrive of an afternoon, and by then the teachers were bored and inattentive. The day I smashed up my hand, Emmett and I were playing our version of handball, bouncing a tennis ball up against the canteen wall. I knew what was coming as soon as I heard Eric's voice. "Hey, Swan." "What d'you want?" I snatched the ball from the air and put my hands on my hips. "Is it true your old man's a fag?" He always said "fag" like he was spitting it at us. "And he's fuckin' Emmett's dad?" Jacob Black's laugh sounded like a donkey's hee-haw. "Which one's the girl?" Eric thrust his hips at me. "Which one takes it up the arse? I bet it's Masen's dad. He looks like a pussy." The way Emmett pressed his lips together so tight they turned white lit a fire under me. Emmett swallowed hard, and his left eye blinked faster than the right. I knew he was trying not to cry. I grabbed Eric by the shoulder and shoved him into the wall. I would have landed my fist right in his ugly mouth if it hadn't been for Edward. He yanked me away from Eric, and I slammed my fist left of where I intended—into the brick wall. I yelled in pain. Blood dripped over my knuckles, stained my school shirt as I cradled my hand to my chest. "Shit. I'm sorry." Edward touched my elbow. "Show me?" I kicked towards his shin. "Get fucked." It felt good to swear at him. I didn't cry until the triage nurse said she would have to cut my signet ring off. Dad had given it to me on my tenth birthday. Sandwiching it between the brick wall and my finger had left it bent out of shape and half-embedded in my finger. Edward held my left hand while the nurse cleaned and dressed my wounds. His knee jiggled; he passed my hand between his and shifted in his seat. "That was stupid, Bella. Punching him would've made everything worse." "Not for my hand it wouldn't." His eyebrows climbed towards his hair when the nurse spoke up. "I bet if She-Ra here'd punched the kid, he wouldn't be saying dick to anyone for weeks." I still think the black eye Eric showed up with two days later was Edward's doing. He still pretends he doesn't know what I'm talking about. The tube of hand lotion on the vanity is the same brand as the moisturiser. It smells the same, but feels lighter, less greasy. I rub it over the backs of my hands and between my fingers. Edward got into a lot of fights back then. As soon as he walked in the school gate, someone—usually Sammy Uley or Jared Cameron—yelled out "Spedward's here." Edward's shoulders tensed, creeping closer to his ears; a hunched appearance that gave the sheep more fodder. "Aww. Spedward mad? Spedward hit stuff?" That nickname made me want to hit stuff. Edward's ADHD diagnosis had landed him in Special Ed. classes for a while in primary school. No one ever let him forget it—even though, or maybe especially because, he was ridiculously intelligent. Nine days out of ten, Edward ignored the spitballs, the elbows to his ribs, the ankle-taps, until the final bell rang. He unlocked his bike from the rack, jammed his helmet on his head, and raced away from school before his temper broke. The other days, Carlisle would end up in the principal's office with some shithead claiming, "Edward punched me for no reason!" Edward imitated Mr. Banner, the principal, at the dinner table. "Sticks and stones, Edward. Violence is never the answer." He pushed his plate towards Emmett, who grabbed the untouched chicken drumstick. "I'd like to see Uley or Cameron pick on that dickwad all day, see how he takes it." It wasn't only kids that hurt Edward. I remember the first time Carlisle brought a "lady friend" home. That's what he said: "I've invited a lady friend over for dinner on Sunday night." Dad had taken Mike and Ben to the football. He had gotten me a ticket, but I wasn't interested, so Emmett went instead. I spent the evening on the Masens' side of the fence, mostly hanging out in the treehouse, reading, and writing in my journal. In the coded alphabet Angela and I invented, I doodled love hearts and wrote down the things I'd started noticing about Edward—the way he shook his hair out of his eyes just before he caught a wave, the way he talked about the books he was reading with me, the colour of his eyes, the definition of his muscles, how he never wore shoes. The lady friend, Sue, was nice enough. Chatty, but still interested in listening to the boys and me talk about our days. She wore about eight million bracelets—thin metal ones, chunky plastic ones, colourful beaded ones. I envied the way she jangled as she cut up her chicken breast, or reached for her glass of wine. As usual, I sat between Jasper and Edward. Jasper pointed at my garlic bread. "Bella, did you know the end slice is my favourite?" Edward picked at his dinner. When Carlisle started clearing away the plates, Sue asked Edward if he was going to finish his chicken. "A growing boy like you needs lots of protein." Edward shrugged. "I'm not hungry." "My m– parents always said I had to eat everything on my plate before I got dessert." Her smile was open, friendly; I think she was trying to tease him. Edward focused on his plate. Beneath the table, his knee bounced away. "It's the Ritalin. Messes with my appetite." Sue dropped the subject then, but we all heard her, as she was helping Carlisle prepare dessert in the kitchen, ask: "Isn't he a bit old to be on Ritalin?" Edward left the table and didn't come out of his bedroom for the rest of the night. I'm not sure if that was why Carlisle never brought Sue around again, but she exited the scene as quickly as she had appeared. Not long after that, on my thirteenth birthday, Edward gave me dozens of cheap, colourful bangles. I still wear the ones that haven't been bent out of shape or stolen by small children. Edward was always good at noticing what I liked, what made me uncomfortable, what made me mad. That was probably the reason he was with me when I got the line of crater-like scars on my left shin a few months later. I found him in the room he and Emmett shared, cross-legged on his bed, reading. His sun-bleached hair hung past his chin and hid his face from me. I knocked on the door jamb, then sat on Emmett's bed to wait while he finished his chapter. He hated being interrupted when there wasn't a clear pause in the text. He dog-eared a page, closed the book, and put it on his bedside table. "You right?" "What are you reading?" " The House that was Eureka . We're studying it in