Of Books and their Covers. A little story about falling hard and fast. It's the lovely Vancouver Canuck Girl's birthday, and I wanted to give her a little something to make her smile. VCG, you're one of the kindest, strongest women I know, and I love you heaps. Happy Birthday, girl! I hope you have a wonderful day. My most sincere thanks to Hadley Hemingway for her unending help and support. The clouds have been threatening rain all day, gathered dark and heavy over the city. All day, people have been casting glances skyward as they step out from the shelter of a lecture theatre or laboratory. And then, around three o'clock, the rain starts. There's no drizzly prelude, just a window-shaking crack of thunder, and then it's pelting down. Umbrellas flower on the footpaths and I'm suddenly surrounded by people as everyone surges towards the side of the walkway protected by shop awnings. A short woman with dark hair nearly takes my eye out with the corner of her brolly. My face splattered with water, I dive through the first open doorway I see. The bookstore I've taken shelter in is warm and dry and smells of paper, ink, and stale coffee. I wipe my forehead on my sleeve and move further into the store. I have to hug my wet backpack close and twist sideways to get around the middle-aged woman gripping the handle of an enormous pram. She rocks it back and forth, and rain slides off the clear plastic cover she's tossed over her two boys. Water pools on the floor beside a set of dirty footprints. I should've taken Mum's umbrella. She poked me in the thigh with it as I was getting out of her car at the station this morning. "Take this." This was one of those frigging huge Bunnings umbrellas, so I'd scoffed at her. "I'll be right." She opened her mouth to argue, but I jammed my headphones into my ears, slammed the car door, and sprinted towards the turnstiles. I'd made it to Platform 4 just in time to see the 8:13 pulling out. I still made it to my nine o'clock class with plenty of time to spare, but then I don't actually need to take the 8:13. Both the 8:26 and 8:39 get me to class on time—even the 8:52 is fine, though that one means I have to really hustle to get from the station to my lecture before Chris locks the doors at 9:05. It's not that I like to be early for Stats—I'm usually one of the last people into class. It's just that the 8:13… well, she catches the 8:13. Hat Girl. I saw her the first week of semester. Slightly hung over and still rubbing sleep from my eyes, I'd misread my timetable. I shoved my feet into my Volleys and raced out of the house, still wearing the trackies and holey t-shirt I'd worn to bed. I was sweaty and puffing when I slumped into an empty seat and looked up into her amused eyes. "You made it," she said. My brain took a moment to catch up with my bum, now firmly planted on the worn green vinyl. "Yeah." She'd already turned her attention back to the novel in her lap. I folded my arms across my chest and leaned my head back against the window. I didn't want to freak her out or anything, so I just snuck a few peeks at her as the train rattled along the line. She had on this funny little hat, fitted close to her head. It was red and looked like it was made of felt. Her lipstick was the same shade. She got off at the next stop, without so much as glancing at me, but I was still thinking about her red lips and her cute hat when I got to the lab. It took me longer than it should have to realise no one else had turned up for class. I flipped open my folder to find my timetable, and by the time I realised I'd mixed up Tuesday and Wednesday, I was almost late for my Statistics class. I'd caught the 8:13 the following week hoping to see her, expecting to be disappointed. But she was there, book in hand, wearing an enormous straw hat. Fat pink and purple roses—artificial, I assumed—circled the crown. She paid me no attention as I dropped into an open seat. It was that way all semester. She'd always be there, in the same seat, with her nose in a book. She'd always be wearing a hat or cap of some sort—but never the same one twice. And she'd never so much as glance in my direction. I couldn't say the same. Obviously. I did try not to be too obvious in my watching; I didn't want her to think I was sort of stalker-creep. But I'd stolen enough looks at her to guess that she was probably a good four or five years older than I am. Every week, I'd gotten off the train and told myself that next week, I'd talk to her. I'd just do it, just say hello. But every subsequent week, I'd looked her way and become sort of paralysed. She had this air about her—she seemed so sophisticated, wearing those hats that no one else could possibly hope to pull off. It intimidated me. I'd start to tell myself there was no way she'd be interested in some punk nineteen-year-old, a first-year uni student who could barely manage to get to the station on time. And now the semester is almost over, and by missing her train this morning, I'm pretty sure I'm out of chances. So the rain that's soaking through the toes of my shoes and dripping down the collar of my jumper just adds to the shitty mood I've been in all day. I shuffle past an older guy standing in front of a rack of autobiographies written by sportsmen. I wonder if anyone reads those. Do people actually care about some washed-up cricketer's shady affairs? I scan the Bestsellers shelf. I don't know what I'm looking for, but I know it's not here. Outside, lightning jags across the sky, and the lights inside flicker in response. The sticky noise of tyres over wet bitumen is audible over the soft jazz playing in the store. A book titled Pure Health * captures my attention, and I pull it off the shelf. I open to a page at random and read the first paragraph. It's chock-full of typical anti-Big Pharma propaganda—all emotion and no actual science. The chapter I skim is packed with plenty of appeals for consumers to stick with what's "natural" and "wholesome," but fails to supply any legitimate evidence to back up their claims. I put the book back on the shelf, then, mentally high-fiving myself, rest a manual on tantric sex in front of it. I'm in the Science Fiction section, considering buying Ray Bradbury's Farewell Summer , when a flash of brilliant blue catches my eye. My pulse speeds as I recognise her. Hat Girl. She's on her knees at the end of the aisle, a heavy-looking volume open on her lap. A cobalt-blue fedora is perched on her head, and a pendant of the same colour dangles almost to her belly. She looks, as ever, completely absorbed by what she's reading. I take a step towards her, then pause. Maybe she wouldn't appreciate the interruption. But it's the second last week of semester. Then I've got exams, and then there's a good chance my timetable will change so much in July that I'll no longer be able to justify taking the 8:13 on Tuesdays. I might never see her again. Man up, champ. This could be your last chance. I hook my thumbs under the straps of my backpack, and I do it. I walk right up to her and say, "Hi." She looks up, a flash of irritation dissolving into recognition. That's a good sign, right? "Oh, hey. I almost didn't recognise you without the whole–" She makes a circling motion over her head "–bedhead, running for the train thing going on." The fact that she's placed me so easily makes me feel insanely happy. "You probably wouldn't believe me if I told you I'm usually a pretty punctual person, would you?" She smiles. "Definitely not." The book makes a slapping noise as she closes it. She gets to her feet, her eyes still on mine. Silence stretches between us. I realise she's waiting for me to speak. "So can I, um…" What the hell am I doing? "Can I buy you a book?" She tips her head at me, and her red-painted lips twist in a way that makes me think she's trying really hard not to laugh at me. "Buy me a book?" I pull the cuffs of my jumper over my hands and rub my eyebrow with my sleeve-covered thumb. "Yeah." I take a deep breath and push on. "I mean, if we were in a bar, I'd ask if I could buy you a drink. But we're here," I wave an arm towards a towering shelf of books, "and I dunno, I thought maybe… I mean you'd get a lot more out of a book, right?" "I see." And then she just… stares at me. She stares so long that I take a step back, and I'm about to apologise for bothering her and hightail it out of there when she cracks this huge grin. "Yes." "Yes?" "Yes, you can buy me a book. I'd love that." She shoves the one she's holding back into a gap on the shelf. "So… Not that one?" She strokes the spine of the book, almost fondly. "This book… Well, that'd be like me accepting your offer of a drink, and then ordering a thirty-five year old Old Pulteney." "If you ordered Old Pulteney, I should probably drop to my knees and ask you to marry me." Her eyebrows rise. "You know whiskey?" "Little bit." I shove my hands into the pockets of my jeans. "My dad's like the Grand Master of this amateur whiskey tasting club. So I know some stuff. Don't tell him, but I don't really like it. Not unless it's at the bottom of an Old Fashioned." "An amateur whiskey-tasting club? Is that a necessary distinction? I mean, are there actually professional tasting clubs out there?" I snicker. "You know, that would not surprise me at all." "I'm not following on one thing," she says. I have to remind myself to concentrate on what she's saying, and not just stare at her vibrant red lips as they move around her words. "Not being a whiskey drinker yourself, your proposal of marriage at my ordering that one would be motivated by…" "My crippling desire to please my father, obviously." "Ah, of course. A wife who likes whiskey to make up for the heartbreak you're going to cause him when you come out as a whiskey-despiser." I laugh, too loudly. A woman nearby shoots a frown my way, and I'm tempted to remind her that it's a shop, not a library. I turn my attention back to Hat Girl. "Yeah, that's it. I need a whiskey beard." Hat Girl just about gives me a heart attack when she reaches out and touches my unshaven cheek with two fingertips. "A few more days," she says, "and I'd say you'll have one." She smiles, apparently oblivious to the fact my heart's threatening to thump right out of my chest, and pulls another book from the shelf. She flips it open. "I went on this date once," she says, her eyes fixed on the pages she's turning, "and the guy I was with drank Old Pulteney all night. I had no idea he was swallowing eighty bucks at a time. So then, when it was time to settle the bill,