Small Bump. Pregnancy is an entirely natural process, one I'd studied and seen in all its stages. Yet in that moment, knowing that Bella was carrying our child, a little person somehow knit together from her and me, and the love we shared, it seemed a strange miracle— she seemed a strange miracle. Life, loss, love, and hope. (Angst rating applies to Ch. 1 only.) Please be aware, this chapter deals with a miscarriage. Please PM me if you need more info. before reading on. Chapter 1. I close my eyes, wishing I could grab at sleep like I do the edges of my comforter, pulling it up over my head and blocking out the waxing daylight. Under the cotton, I'm surrounded by the smell of lavender laundry soap and Bella and me all mixed up together. It smells like home and comfort. Don't wake her, go back to sleep , I tell myself, even as I'm reaching for her, sliding the palm of my hand across her lower back. Her skin is warm and so smooth. That cautionary voice shuts right up as I rub slow circles over her back. The feel of her skin is addictive, and I wriggle closer to her, wrapping an arm around her waist, pulling her against me, her back to my chest. "Mmmm." Bella sighs, and I feel a small twinge of guilt until I hear her breathing even out again. Lifting my head to look over the bundle of sheets and blankets that Bella has entombed herself within, I search out the fluorescent glow of the clock-radio. 5:52 Dawn is sneaking in through the crack between the curtains, painting a strip of red-gold across the ceiling and down the wall, and bouncing sparks of light off Bella's tangled hair. I squirm, trying to get closer than close, feeling like my nerve endings have been replaced with magnets, straining for Bella. And then, with my hand flat against her belly, my nose buried in her hair, and my ankles tangled with hers, a new understanding settles into me with the quietness of dawn. My fiancée is pregnant. Her skin is softer. Her hair shinier. And her smell … fuck , she smells amazing. It's not that she smells different, not exactly. It's her , just … more potent or something. I don't even know if I can explain it, but it drives me wild. And I'm so confident I'm right, I'm already imagining her belly growing round and her breasts getting fuller. I'm starting to imagine ultrasounds and doctor's visits and resting my hand over her belly to feel the kicks and punches delivered by tiny feet and fists. And even as joy spreads through me, it's chased by sorrow and fear. As much as I want to shake her awake and tell her my suspicion, as much as I want to ask her when her period is due and to offer to run down to the pharmacy to grab a pregnancy test, I won't. I can't. I can't bring myself to do that to her, to plant even the tiniest seed of hope. Because this wouldn't be the first time. We've been here before. The same signs, the same subtle changes. I couldn't keep my hands off her then, either. Twelve Months Ago. Tented beneath the sheets, my hands roamed across her back, smoothing along the curve of her hip. Bella squirmed, giggling as I pinched her butt. "What's gotten into you?" I shrugged, kissing her neck and creeping my hand from her belly button to her breasts. "Your skin is driving me crazy. Is it always this soft? It feels softer. I can't stop touching it." "Mmm-hmm." She snorted. "I'm sure it has everything to do with my skin and nothing to do with this." I groaned as her fingers wrapped around me, squeezing, pumping. I thrust against her hand. "Fuck." "Mm. Exactly." Her false-irritation was unconvincing. "Seriously." I grabbed her wrist and pulled her hand away before she caused me to lose all coherency. "I'm not making this up. You're so soft." I traced a finger down her arm, watching her goosebumps follow my touch. "And–" I tucked my nose into the crook of her neck and inhaled "–you smell so good. I … I want you. I always want you, but when you feel like this and smell like this … I want you more ." "You're a weirdo," she told me. But then she pushed me onto my back and settled herself over me, and I don't think she really minded too much. Later that morning, we sat at the breakfast table, the weak winter sun catching on cutlery and water glasses, but doing very little to warm us. I watched Bella pick her way through breakfast, barely eating her croissant and wrinkling her nose at the mug of coffee I offered her. I pulled her onto my lap, sliding my fingers under the hem of her sweater. "No way" she said, squirming under my touch. "I'm tired and I'm a little bit sore and I can't … not again. Maybe tonight … Or more likely tomorrow." I chuckled. "I wasn't thinking about sex." That was only half true. "Are you getting sick or something? You barely touched your breakfast." "I'm fine." She shrugged, tapping my nose and laughing when I crossed my eyes at her. "You shouldn't do that," she told me. "You'll damage your eyes." "My eyesight is great." I waved her off, and shifted her weight on my thighs. "You sure you're okay?" She sighed. Looking away from me, she drummed her fingers against the table in an agitated rhythm. "Bell–" "Would you stop fussing?" She pushed my hands from her waist and stood up. "You … ugh." Hands on her hips, she tapped her foot a few times. "I–" "I wanted to wait until I was certain. Surprise you." She pressed her lips together as she looked at me. "I think I'm pregnant." I stared at her. Her lips twitched as she waited for me to make sense of the four words she'd spoken. "You–" I licked my lips and swallowed hard. "How–" I shook my head. The how was obvious. Around six months ago, we'd decided to, well, take a more lax approach to contraception. We hadn't been actively trying to get pregnant, but we had agreed that if it happened, it happened, and we were ready to be a family. "I'm not late yet," she said after a few moments. "But …" She pulled her hair from its ponytail and re-tied it. She shrugged. "I'm pretty sure I will be." "Wow." I shook my head again. "Would you stop shaking your head, please?" Bella said. "You're making me nervous. I thought we agreed we wanted this." "No … I mean, yes. Yes. We wanted this. We want this." I closed my eyes. "I'm just surprised. It's not – it's not really sinking in. I just … oh my God." Bella laughed, a short, nervous sound that dragged my gaze back to her face. My stomach flipped and flopped the way it does on a rollercoaster. I lifted my hand and set my palm against Bella's belly. "Are you–" I swallowed. "Are you sure?" "Pretty sure." She smiled down at me, folding her hand over mine. "I guess there's only one way to be positive." My hands were clammy around the steering wheel as we made the quick trip to the drugstore. Wait, I told myself. Don't get your hopes up yet . Beside me, Bella was quiet, seemingly lost in her own world as she stared out the window. Three minutes might as well have been three hours as we sat staring at the plastic stick pinched between Bella's fingertips. The whir of the exhaust fan seemed too loud in the tiled space. "I'm going to disconnect that thing," I muttered. Bella frowned. "Huh?" "I'll get Jamie to come over, wire it to its own switch. So it doesn't come on just because the light is on." Bella nodded, but she wasn't listening. Her gaze flicked from the timer she'd set on her phone to the test in her hand. "It's positive," she said, setting the stick on the bathroom counter. "Positive?" "Positive." With that word, the strings of my self-restraint were snipped away. My heart ballooned, as if it were floating away from its anchor in my chest, but getting stuck in my throat, making it impossible to speak. She caught my eyes in the mirror. For a few minutes, we simply stared, searching each other's faces, desperate to know what was passing through the other's mind. I cracked first. "I'm going to be a dad?" The words hung in the air, growing, filling the space between us. Bella turned to face me, her smile wide and her dark eyes wet with tears. The joy I expected, but the awe I was feeling caught me by surprise. I knew almost everything there was to be known about Bella, from how many pieces of toast she ate for breakfast (four and a half—she always thought she wanted another piece, then couldn't finish it) to the strange way she clasped her bra (she did it up under her breasts and then shimmied it around to put the straps on). And pregnancy is an entirely natural process, one I'd studied and seen in all its stages. Yet in that moment, knowing that Bella was carrying our child, a little person somehow knit together from her and me, and the love we shared, it seemed a strange miracle— she seemed a strange miracle. "You're going to be a daddy," she said, her voice breaking a little. "I'm going …" She shook her head. "I'm going to be a mommy." And then she was in my arms and we were laughing and crying and though we were shocked and still half unable to believe, we were so utterly convinced that this was just so right . "Apparently doctors have some ridiculous way of calculating how pregnant you are," Bella told me, when she returned from her first appointment. "They said I'm five weeks pregnant." "Already?" "Yeah. Apparently they count it from the first day of your last period." "Oh, right." I nodded. "Yeah, they do that." "It doesn't make any sense. If I had my period, I clearly wasn't pregnant." She giggled. "Whatever. I'm two weeks more pregnant than I thought I was. I'm excited. We just got two weeks closer to meeting baby." Later that week, winter arrived early. The temperature dropped, heavy clouds swept in from the west, and the rain started. Throwing the crossword puzzle I was trying, and failing, to finish onto the coffee table, I watched the raindrops slam into the window and slide to the ground. The garden beyond the glass was a blur of greens and greys. Thunder rumbled in the distance, barely audible over the soft music drifting from the speakers. Bella had put on some cello concerto—she'd read that babies should be exposed to classical music, so she'd gone out and purchased a bunch of CDs during the week. "Should we start telling everyone?" Bella set the magazine she was reading on the arm of the sofa, her eyes moving to the window, as she disappeared into what I mentally called her thinking space. Early on in our relationship, I used to get annoyed, thinking she was ignoring me when I'd ask a question and her gaze would drift over my head. I'd since realized it's just a habit she has when pondering something. "Maybe at, I don't know … twelve weeks … even a bit later?" She met my eyes again. "I don't – I just want to keep it special, just between us. For now. You know?" "Okay." I knew exactly what she meant, and I was a little bit relieved. To be honest, I was unsure I was ready to deal with my mother's