The Summer of Our Discontent. It's our wedding anniversary, and all I've got are leftovers, a six-pack of beer, and a date with my Netflix account. This is for Hadley Hemingway. Because it's her birthday and because I love her. HH, you're amazing. A kindred spirit and a wonderful friend. I love you heaps. The final bell rings and thirty pairs of eyes stay fixed on me. No one moves to stand, though I can see a couple of feet jiggling as the more energetic kids try to hang on to their self-restraint. I clearly haven't done a good job of keeping a lid on my foul mood and they're all wary of incurring my wrath. "You may go." And it's like I've fired a starter's gun, as thirty fourteen-year-olds leap to their feet and rush for the door. They shove at each other, laughing and whooping, as they squeeze their way through the three foot gateway to their freedom. "Take it easy, guys," I say. The last thing I need is to have to write up an Incident Report because someone's smashed their head into the door jamb. I wipe down the already clean whiteboard, then gather up my markers and laptop. I loosen my tie on my way back to the staffroom. "Have a good summer," Angela says. "You, too." I grab my bag and my keys, check the fridge to make sure I haven't left any Tupperware behind, and then I'm out of there. Summer holidays. As soon as I get into the car, I pull off my tie and toss it onto the backseat. Six weeks without that noose around my neck. It takes me three goes to get my piece of shit Barina to start. The radiator gauge thingie starts edging towards the red as soon as I pull out onto the main road, so I have to crank the heating to get it to cool down. No idea why that works, but it does. It should get me home without the fucking car conking out on me, anyway. Sweat drips down my back. My shirt is absolutely soaked within minutes. I wind down the window and rest my forearm on the sill. The sun is scorching. "Piece of shit." The car lurches beneath me. "Sorry, sorry." I wipe my wrist across my sweaty forehead. I need to get out of these clothes. I need a shower. I need a new fucking car. Light glints off the ring on my left hand and I blow out a bitter breath. I also need to spend some time with my wife. It's been close to a month since we've had a conversation, even longer since we made love. I miss her. We knew when we first got together that it was going to be hard work. She was doing her internship and the hours they expect student doctors to keep are fucking insane. It was hard, but what relationship isn't? So we made it work. We figured that once she finished her residency, we'd be past the worst. But she's on the MRANZCOG track now, and the load hasn't seemed to lighten. When she's not working, she's studying, and when she's not studying, she's unconscious. For the last three weeks, all I've seen of her is that mass of tangled curls strewn across her pillow when my alarm goes off of a morning. It's bullshit. And today's our anniversary, which means I'm feeling particularly bitter about it all. I haven't bought her flowers or made us reservations in a five star hotel. I haven't even booked dinner and a show. Bella's working nights for three more days, so all I've got are leftovers, a six-pack of beer, and a date with my Netflix account. The sky is blue. Cloudless. It's the kind of afternoon you're supposed to spend on the beach. There's not a breath of wind to rustle the eucalypts lining the road. The ocean would be flat, almost glassy, and the same colour as the sky. I contemplate blowing straight past our house. There's probably a pair of boardshorts in the back of the car. And if there's not… Well, I wear boxers. But then I turn into our street and my pulse speeds. The blue Corolla is in our driveway. Bella's home. Did I get the dates confused? No, she was definitely working until the 22nd. I remember thinking that it only gave us three days to get all our Christmas shopping done—unless I did it all online. Which I did, because Bella has about thirty-five cousins under the age of sixteen and it was either give them all iTunes vouchers or get organised. Maybe she lied. Maybe she did remember the date, and telling me she had to work was some kind of ruse. I park behind her, wind the window up, and pretty much throw myself out of the car. I'm imagining black lace and red lipstick. Or two packed suitcases standing by the door. I'm imagining three days on the beach, Bella bikini-clad and smiling. "I can't believe you did this," I'll say. "I thought you forgot." And she'll kiss me and whisper, "How could I?" I unlock the front door. No suitcases. Bella's handbag is on the floor beside her joggers, which have her dirty socks tucked inside them. A stay-cation would be awesome, too. Three days with the doors locked and no clothes allowed. Definitely an appropriate way to spend our anniversary. "Bella?" No answer. Maybe I'm supposed to find her. A treasure hunt. I adjust myself with a groan, anticipating skin and lace and Bella's brown eyes sparking with lust. I make a racket as I walk through the house, treading heavily and tapping my fingers against the walls as I check all the places I know I won't find her. The kitchen, the laundry. Her study, the living room. Her scrubs are on the bathroom floor. I pick them up and toss them into the hamper. My sweat-soaked shirt follows them in. She must be in our bedroom. I hesitate, my hand on the doorknob. My stomach is tied up in knots. And then it bottoms out. My fantasies fall to the floor and shatter. Because Bella is in our bed. In black, lacy underwear. Crying. Or she has been, anyway. Her cheeks are wet and her eyes look swollen. Her nose is a shiny red. My eyes close and it feels like I'm swallowing the shards of my broken fantasies. I drop to my knees. "Baby." She opens her eyes but says nothing. She looks past me. "Baby, what's happened?" Working in obstetrics, most of Bella's days are good ones. Watching a woman do the toughest work she'll ever do, then seeing her face as her new baby is placed on her chest. She says it never gets old. But the bad days… They're excruciating. Miscarriages and premature labour, stillbirths, haemorrhages. Custody battles that start the moment the child takes a breath. Domestic violence situations. A million different possibilities whirl through my mind. "Bella, talk to me. Please. Did something…" I swallow. "Did something happen?" She sniffles and finally looks up at me. "I got sent home." Her voice is a croak. "Nothing happened." I'm missing something. Strands of hair are stuck to Bella's face. I lift them away and tuck them behind her ears. "Baby, I don't understand. Can you tell me what's going on?" She rolls onto her back and stares at the ceiling as she speaks. "I got sent home. I'm on stress leave for the next two weeks, and I have to have a psych. evaluation before I go back." "Fucking hell." And she expects me to believe nothing has happened? You don't get sent on stress leave for no fucking reason. "Is this some bullshit, cover their arses situation? Did someone– Are you being sexually harassed?" With nothing to go on, I'm grasping at straws. Bella shakes her head, a tiny frown creasing her forehead. "No." I put my hand on her cheek and she complies with my silent request. She looks at me. "Baby, I'm about this close–" I hold up my hand, finger and thumb an inch apart "–to losing my shit and calling McCarty to find out what the fuck is going on. I need you to talk to me, okay?" I have to work to soften my voice. "Whatever it is, I'm here and I've got your back. But I need you to tell me what's happened." Bella is silent for so long that I start to think she's not going to answer. My knee bounces as I try to stay calm, and I feel a spurt of sympathy for some of the boys in my Year 9 class. Waiting sucks. "I think…" She chokes on a sob. "I think I'm going to quit. I can't do this. I'm not cut out for it. The hours. The pressure. Never having a moment to just sit down by myself." She looks at me. "Never getting a moment with you." If you listen to Bella's parents, they'll tell you that Bella has wanted to be an obstetrician since she was seven years old. (Apparently, she used to convince her sister, Jessica, to shove her dolls up her dress so that Bella could practice delivering them.) She's been busting her arse in pursuit of her goal for over twenty years. And now, with a little over four years until she summits that mountain, she's telling me she can't do it? It's just not computing. I smooth the sheet over her shoulder and lick my lips. "I don't understand." I'm frustrated. And suddenly really tired. I want to crawl under the covers beside her and check out for a few hours. Bella brings a hand to her temple. "I'm sorry." Her broken apology pierces through the tornado of emotion swirling inside me. "Bella…" "I just…" She starts slowly, but her explanation gathers speed to the point it's really hard work keeping up with her. "I had a bit of breakdown, I guess. I mean, one minute I'm doing a ventouse delivery, and the next I'm in the break room, crying my eyes out. I don't know. I guess everything just came crashing down on me. I'm not getting enough sleep and I'm not eating properly. The few hours I'm not at the hospital, I'm trying to study. And most of the time it feels like nothing is sinking in anyway. I haven't seen you for weeks. Did you know that? Weeks." There's a hysterical edge to her voice and fresh tears are slipping down her cheeks. "So what's the point? What's the point of working this hard if it means I literally don't have a single second to stop and just enjoy life? I yank a baby out of some poor woman's vagina, dump it on her, and then I have to bolt because I'm being paged to do an emergency C-section. And I just… Rose and Newton found me on the floor, and I guess I was a bit hysterical. And some dumb fuck somehow left a fucking scalpel lying around—I don't even know how the fuck that happens—and so they thought I was planning on using it on myself. So I have to go have a fucking evaluation to prove I'm not going to hurt myself before I'm allowed to resume work. And I was thinking, fuck it. I just won't go back. I hate it." The most ridiculous thought pops into my brain: In thirty seconds, she's just sworn more than she has in the last four years . "You don't hate it," I say. It's apparently the wrong thing to say, because she starts crying harder. "I do. I hate it. I hate it and I don't want to go back." I blow out a breath and try again. "Baby, no one's going to make you do anything you don't want to do." She sniffles, watching me