Welcome to Olivia's story! This is the final edit (hopefully) of a story I've been working on over the last few years. If you've seen it elsewhere, please take this version as the real one because there are some (relatively small) changes. Reviews are always appreciated - I love hearing what you think. Emma xx Chapter One: Welcome to the Madhouse I hate Christmas. It's supposed to be this sentimental, special, most wonderful time of the year: parties for hosting, marshmallows for roasting and all that jazz. People talk about family and festive spirit and good cheer and all sorts of nauseating things that, when it comes down to it, are pretty meaningless. For me, Christmas means squeezing into whatever size-too-small formal dress my mother's bought for me this year, buying expensive gifts for relatives I strongly dislike, and spending a whole day in the madhouse with people that mean nothing to me. It's always the same. Every single year. Mum ends up crying some time between arriving and having christmas lunch; Dad drinks too much and pretends it's not his fault she's crying until he can't pretend any longer and just vanishes; Aunt Katie tries to act like nothing's wrong and attempts to make us all sing carols; Uncle Oliver shouts, usually at Mum but sometimes at Dad; the moron sits still and looks generally moronic; and I end up escaping to Scor's house and spending the evening drinking with him and Cassie. When we were younger, we sat on Scor's roof with mugs of hot chocolate. Now, we've moved on to Firewhiskey. "Olivia, sweetheart, are you nearly ready? We need to leave!" Mum called up from the bottom of the stairs. My mother's voice manages to waver even when she's shouting. I ignored her and stood up, scowling into the mirror. Mum installed a full wall of mirror in my bedroom when I came home after my first term at Hogwarts. She was excited about me meeting that nice boy Scorpius Malfoy and decided the thing to do was to give me a constant reminder of my flaws so I knew which areas to work on to win his heart. Scor thinks it's funny. He's been one of my best friends since Mum ushered me into his carriage on the Hogwarts Express on our first day of school, but neither of us have ever wanted anything more. And him and Cassie are sickeningly in love. Mum has so far managed to completely ignore this relationship and blithely continues to insist that we'd be perfect for each other. I pulled this year's dress off its hanger. I hadn't looked at it properly when Mum gave it to me and I glared at it now, wrinkling my nose. It was green velvet with a silver collar: Slytherin colours. It probably wouldn't be very popular in the madhouse. The beaded collar scratched my neck as I tugged it on over my head. As expected, the dress was much too tight, but I managed to squeeze into it and it looked passable, cinching me in at the waist and then flaring out over my thighs. If I'd made it myself I would have cut the sleeves off at the elbow instead of the wrist, but at least it would keep me warm. I half-heartedly brushed my hair until it was fluffy around my face, stabbed myself in the eye a few times with my mascara and then ran down the stairs. Mum raised her eyebrows at me as I pulled on a leather jacket and boots and I stuck my tongue out at her, feeling a cruel satisfaction when she winced. "Are you finally ready? Great. Let's move," said Dad. He looked tired and his christmas tie was wonky. The santa-hat-wearing hippogriffs flying over it were glaring up at him, struggling to fly straight on the lopsided fabric. I have suspicions that Dad hates christmas just as much as I do. It's the only day he's actually forced to spend time with us and can't disappear off. Katie would kill him if he didn't turn up. "I was born ready," I said. Dad sighed. I rolled my eyes. I pushed past him and stepped into the fireplace, taking a handful of Floo powder out of the silver box on the mantelpiece. Our fireplace is freakishly clean and my scuffed boots looked out of place in the gleaming grate. Mum refuses to use it for real fires because she thinks the soot might ruin her clothes when she uses the Floo, and the maid has to clean it every time we travel. We have the only fireplace I know that you could probably eat out of. I dropped the powder and it burst into flame around me. The green fire blurred into my dress, making the velvet flicker and shine. It was an interesting effect. I would have liked to look at it for longer, and maybe try painting it later on, but the unimpressed expressions across my parents' faces suggested it would be wise to hurry up. "14 Puddlemere Close," I said, pulling a face to demonstrate my displeasure about the plans for the day. I don't like travelling by Floo. It makes me feel sick and I'm rubbish at climbing out the fireplace at the other end without falling over. Unfortunately, I don't have my apparition license yet and Mum won't let me fly on days I'm supposed to look presentable , because it apparently messes up my hair. I clenched my eyes shut as I span in the flames, trying to ignore the nausea rising through my stomach, and then promptly fell out of the fireplace and onto the floor when the spinning stopped and the fireplace deposited me in Aunt Katie's kitchen. "Olivia! I was just saying you should all be arriving soon," Katie said, standing up to greet me. I scowled up at her from where I lay on the floor. She offered me a hand. I reluctantly let her help me up and found myself forced into an unwelcome hug. She squeezed me tightly while I stood, arms pinned to my side, waiting for her to let go. "It's so good to see you," she beamed, finally releasing me. "Jason's in the sitting room. He'll be looking forward to saying hello." I didn't want to go and see Jason, but the flames behind me had lit up again, signalling an imminent arrival. I decided I'd rather talk to the moron than spend any longer with either of my parents, so I took the chance to escape. I found the moron lounging across the whole sofa in the sitting room, reading Quidditch Weekly and taking notes in the threadbare sketchbook he's been carrying around ever since he made the Gryffindor team in his third year. "Hey, Moron," I said, jumping onto his legs without bothering to ask him to move. "Hey, Bitch," he said, not looking up from his magazine but moving his legs from under me so they didn't get squashed. Jason's the year above me at school and I think Aunt Katie still holds out hope that we'll become great friends. It's not going to happen. We don't acknowledge each other unless we have to and I think the vast majority of the school doesn't even realise we're related. "Reading that rubbish won't make you a better player, you know," I sang, plucking the magazine from his hands and flicking through it. "I don't need to be a better player," Jason said, flushing red. "I'm reading it to help me be a better Captain." I laughed, loudly and deliberately. " Oh ? You made Captain ?" I let my voice drip with sarcasm. "You should have s aid . I had no idea ." "Of course," he said coolly. He leaned forwards and tried to grab the magazine from me. I lounged back, lifting it out of his reach and fanning myself with it. "Scor's captain too," I told him. "He'll be so pleased you got it...it'll make Gryffindor much less of a threat." "Whatever." We'd had this conversation multiple times since the summer. I took every opportunity to wind Jason up about Quidditch. It wasn't exactly difficult, especially after he'd lost his first match against Ravenclaw just before the holidays. "Personally, I would have thought Potter was the obvious choice. I know he's your best friend so it's a little awkward, but you should really hand over the badge. James wants to play professionally as well, doesn't he? And he's a much stronger player." "Shut up." "Good leadership skills too. He's got that natural authority that can only come from being the son of the Chosen One. It would have made much more sense to choose him, really. Everyone's been saying it." "Seriously, shut up." "Ooo, or his younger brother could have been a good choice? I know it's unusual to appoint a sixth year when you have two seventh-year-aspiring-pros on the team, but he plays very well and he's much more likeable than you. Yes, I think Albus Potter would have been a rather more popular choice for captain." " Shut up , Bell." "Aw, Wood , did I touch a nerve?" He snatched back the magazine from me and turned away, furrowing his brow and making an unconvincing, transparent attempt to look like he was concentrating. I sat in silence for a while, weighing up the pros and cons of stealing his sketchbook. He'd potentially hurt me for it, but it would get a funny reaction from him and Scor would be interested in seeing his notes. Katie called us for lunch before I made a decision. "Try not to eat too much, Wood," I said cheerfully. "Your broom won't be able to get your fat arse off the ground much longer." He sighed and looked critically at me. "Look, Bell, I get it. It must be exhausting hating yourself so much. But taking it out on me isn't going to change anything and it isn't going to make you feel better." He pointedly stepped in front of me to leave the room. I stuck my tongue out at his retreating back but it didn't really make me feel better. He's not supposed to get the last word in when we argue. And I don't hate myself. I deliberately stepped on the back of his foot as I followed him through to the Dining Room. However much I hate going to the madhouse, I can't deny that it's beautiful. Uncle Oliver's the Manager and ex-Keeper of Puddlemere United Quidditch Team and Aunt Katie's the general editor of Quidditch Weekly , making them some of the wealthiest people we know (which is really saying something, given the stuffy pureblood socialite circles my mother was brought up in and still invites round regularly for champagne tea). The Dining Room is huge and airy, with large glass doors leading out onto the Quidditch Pitch behind the house. Katie always makes sure they have several massive christmas trees, coated with snow and lit with real fairies, and holly adorns the walls. This year, the tree nearest me was decked in tiny bells that tinkled and sang as I walked past. In comparison to the artificial tree and black holly wreath my mother gets out each year for christmas, Katie manages to make the madhouse look pretty appealing. "There you are. I hope you're hungry," Katie said, smiling and gesturing to the seat beside Jason. Jason mimed vomiting as I sat down. Everyone else either didn't notice or didn't want to cause any conflict by mentioning it. "Olivia actually won't want much to eat. She had a large breakfast. So did I," Mum said with a smile that didn't reach her eyes. I opened my mouth to correct her. Having woken up five minutes before we left the house I hadn't eaten yet and was starving, but Mum silenced me with a look. I've learnt not to argue