It's Baaack! Here you go my darlings, chapter 1 of The Halfbreed! I planning on updating every few days (at least once a week) until I have everything back up and new stuff ready to post! Thank you all for your patience, support and for all of your love! I hope you all enjoy! I own nothing but I'd really like to! *Thanks to those who pointed it out to me. I have fixed the issue with Edward's birth year. – – – – – – – – My name is Edward Cullen, and my story is a complicated one. To understand it, you must first understand the story of my parents, and my family. My father was born in the 1640's in London, England. His father was a pastor who had dedicated his life to hunting down abominations. Devils and demons. Vampires . When my father, Carlisle, was 23 years of age, he began working for his father. He joined him in the hunt for the evil creatures that preyed upon the people of London. He tracked down one such coven and, accompanied by a mob of other people from their congregation, went to destroy the creature. In the ensuing fight, my father was bitten by the 'monster'. The mob, unaware of what had happened, continued on in their pursuit of the vampire, leaving my father writhing in pain alone. He pulled himself into a cellar and hid beneath a pile of rotting potatoes, where he lay for three days burning in agony from with the pain of the change. When he awoke, he was one of them. He was a vampire. But he refused his nature. He never once fed on human blood to survive, instead discovering that the blood of animals was equally sufficient in keeping him strong and healthy. He built up his tolerance to being in the presence of humans, and eventually to direct exposure to human blood. He traveled Europe searching for any others like him, who also valued human life and were willing to live his chosen lifestyle, but he found none. He found educated vampires in Italy, but they scoffed at his choice of diet. He spent several years living with them, trying all the while to convince them to try out his way of life. They, in turn, spent the time trying to convince him to try theirs. Eventually, he gave up and left Italy. He spent years learning medical science, and eventually traveled to the New World in hopes that he could start a new life, and maybe even find others like himself there. He became a doctor for humans. He lived among them, ignoring his temptation for their blood, and instead using his supernatural skills to help and heal them. In 1914, Carlisle was working as a doctor in Columbus, Ohio, when he met my mother. She was only 16 years old when they met. She had broken her leg climbing a tree and he tended to her throughout her recovery. My mother, Esme, says she was completely smitten with him from the moment they met, but she was shy and he was older, not to mention a well respected doctor. She never imagined that a man like him could ever hold any interest in her. But he did. From the very beginning, he was besotted with her. Her laugh, her smile. They could carry on lengthy discussions while he tended to her leg, and he would come up with excuses to come and visit more often than was medically necessary. He says she was like a breath of fresh air. He had never allowed himself to consider a relationship with a human woman before, but found himself falling in love with my mother anyway. Originally he was only going to be staying in Columbus for a short visit, before moving on to a hospital in Illinois, but he canceled his plans, and instead stayed in Ohio as a small-town doctor. Even long after mother's leg was healed, he would still find reasons to visit. On overcast days they would meet at the park and chat. They would take strolls through the town and by the lake. Mother says he didn't treat her like the other men did. He spoke to her like she had a mind, and was intelligent, and that thrilled her. She says it didn't take long for her to become aware that he wasn't... normal . But she didn't bring it up. She hoped that one day, he would trust her enough to tell her. The day after her 18th birthday, he officially declared his intentions to court her. Her family was thrilled. Her two younger sisters were already married off, and the whole family had been concerned with her lack of male suitors. What was even better, Carlisle was a doctor, and a highly respected one at that. But my father was terrified of what he was doing. It had taken a year and a half for him to get up the courage to even consider doing this, and he still had no idea where it would lead. She was human. He was a vampire, and he still hadn't even been honest with her about his true nature. And what then? Would she reject him? Fear him? Run screaming for the hills? Be filled with anger at him for wasting her time that she could have been investing in a more suitable man? He was filled with fears and self-doubt, but one thing he never doubted was that he loved her. So finally the day came that he told her. He revealed his history to her. He told her of what he was, and showed her what he was capable of. She simply smiled. She may not have known he was a vampire , but she had long ago realized he wasn't human. He was so cold. He never ate. His eyes changed color, his hair didn't grow, and he never came out when it was sunny. She had come to terms, long before that day, that whatever he was, it didn't matter to her because she would love him no matter what. My father's greatest sadness lay in the revelation to Esme that he could never provide her with children. He was sure that would be the ultimate deal breaker for her. He knew how badly she wanted to be a mother. To his shock, she insisted that it didn't matter, as long as she got him. He was what was most important to her. And so they became engaged, and shortly after she turned 19, they married. They had been discussing the prospect of changing my mother into a vampire for some time by that point, but my father wanted to wait until she had aged a bit more. He was permanently stuck at 23, and they both agreed that the closer they appeared in age, the less complicated things would likely be. Just the same, my father was very hesitant to change her at all. However, he accepted that it would be necessary if the two of them were to be together, and my mother was stubborn and refused to have it any other way. In the end, the decision was made for them when the most unexpected and unbelievable thing happened, shortly after my mother's 20th birthday. She became pregnant. Up until that moment, my father had believed it absolutely impossible for him to ever produce offspring. Vampires couldn't get pregnant. That was a fact, and he knew it, but he was suddenly faced with the new fact that a male vampire, could in-fact, impregnate a human woman. They were both elated and absolutely terrified. This was completely undiscovered territory and my father had absolutely no idea what to expect. He had never heard of anything of this sort happening before, and he feared what sort of creature the child might be. As the pregnancy progressed, it became blatantly obvious that it would not be a normal pregnancy. Everything was happening too quickly, and my mother was very sick, and had trouble keeping anything down. My mother absolutely insisted upon keeping me and going through with the pregnancy. She refused any alternatives, no matter how afraid my father was of losing her, and no matter how afraid he was of what the baby inside might be. The pregnancy only lasted about three months, rather than the normal 9 month gestation of a human. The strain on my mother's body was intense and apparently my kicking even resulted in the breaking a few of her ribs. She was, after all, only human and I... was not. There's no denying that the birth would have killed her, had my father not intervened and bit her the moment he had me out of her. He injected her with his venom and began the change. He says it was the most frightening day of his existence, and yet, also the beginning of the best time of his life. My mother survived the ordeal, and awoke three days later, a vampire, to discover her newborn infant child already appeared every bit a month old. My father had looked after me and my mother, all on his own those three days. He watched his wife writhe in pain as the transformation changed her, and watched his infant baby age at such an accelerated rate that he feared what it would mean for me in the long run. I aged very quickly. During those early years we lived in near isolation. My mother was a newborn vampire, and had to fight her new instincts to feed on human blood, so we kept away from people for her sake. We also stayed away simply because my accelerated growth rate would be obvious to anyone who saw me. If a person saw me one day, and then came back a week later, I would appear at least a month older. My aging wasn't the only obvious anomaly though. Once I was born, my father quickly realized that I had a heart beat and flowing, pulsing, blood. My mother was undergoing the transformation to become a vampire at this point, and he feared that when she woke to her new life as a newborn, she would have trouble being near me; that my blood would be a temptation to her. Fortunately, that didn't end up being a problem. While I have blood, it's not the same as human blood, and the smell of it isn't a temptation to immortals. I was an obvious anomaly. I wasn't human, that much was clear, but I wasn't quite a vampire either. My skin wasn't ice cold, like theirs. In fact, I was quite hot. Hotter than even a normal human should be. My heart rate was also accelerated, and strangely steady. However, my skin was almost as pale as any vampire's, and just as impenetrable and indestructible. I possessed the same ethereal, unnatural beauty that vampires are graced with, and my parents said that it resulted in me being the most amazingly beautiful baby and child, one could ever imagine. Of course they are my patents, and as such, could also be deemed, biased . My eyes seemed to baffle and awe my father as well. They are a bright emerald green; the same shade my mother had apparently had when she was still human. Being vampires that feed on animals, I have always known my parents eyes to be an amber or topaz color. When they haven't hunted in a few weeks, they darken to black, but lighten again, once they've fed. My eyes remain static. Always green. My mother's hair is a beautiful caramel color, but apparently her father had the exact same reddish-brown bronze hair that I have been graced with. As I grew and aged, it became ever obvious how much of my father's facial features I inherited. From the very start, all of my parent's worries, mental observations,