DISCLAIMER: I do not own Percy Jackson or any of the characters from the PJO or HOO series. This is officially my second published story, so hooray and all that warm and fuzzy stuff. This is an idea and concept I've messed about with for a while now and this is about the third time I am re writing this, but you all know the saying; third time's the charm. I hope you readers enjoy this story, that's obviously any writer's ultimate wish. Along the way I'd appreciate it immensely if you guys left suggestions and words of wisdom, you don't know how much they mean to me. However, spiteful reviews and comments are frowned upon so please don't go that route. This story will take place in book universe of Percy Jackson and the Olympians. Due to my own plot, the story will not follow the original timeline of the Rick Riordan plot. Lastly, this story will have a main pairing consisting of Perseus (Percy Jackson), Calypso and Zoe Nightshade. A/N: Down below is a detailed description of the symbol of power, domains, powers and abilities Perseus has at the beginning of the story. As the story progresses and he gains more (maybe), I will update them accordingly. Symbol of Power (Maelstrom) - Six foot long, Celestial bronze, slightly curved scepter. For an accurate description and picture, look at Loki's scepter; that's where I got it from. Instead of being an Infinity Stone, the stone will be connected to Perseus' domain of Energy. It can harness and output raw energy and power by Perseus' mental command. Domain of Energy - Complete and absolute control over all types of energy; kinetic, dark, dimensional etc. Ability to absorb or deplete the life and domain energy of other beings, mortal's and immortal's alike. Upon killing an immortal, their domain and immortal energy is absorbed by Perseus, thus making him more powerful. Domain of Elements - Almost complete control over Fire, Water, Earth and Air. Ability to manipulate and deform the states and forms of the four elements. Lacks ability to over ride command and control of those who share domains over specific elements; Zeus, Poseidon, Hestia etc. Domain of Compulsion - Allows Perseus to take over and almost completely control or coerce the minds of mortal's and immortal's alike. Ability to influence decision making and thought process in either short or long time periods. Ability to trigger and cause irreversible mental insanity. Immortality - Self-explanatory. Teleportation - Self-explanatory. Telepathy - Ability to communicate mentally with anyone having the mental capacity and power level. Added by his domain of Compulsion; prolonged and long term telepathic communication with the likes of a mortal minds can possibly drive them to insanity. True Form - Perseus' divine form like any other immortal can incinerate a mortal looking upon them or unless the raw energy is concealed. Enhanced Speed - Being an immortal grants major superhuman speed boosts. Enhanced Strength - Being an immortal grants major superhuman strength boosts. Enhanced Stamina - Being an immortal grants major superhuman stamina boosts. Enhanced Senses - Being an immortal grants major superhuman boosts to the senses. Perseus is also able to sense the power or energy signature of another being from anywhere in the world. Near Invulnerability - Perseus is almost invulnerable to any sort of external injury or damage. Only godly force or weapons can penetrate or damage his body externally. UPDATE SCHEDULE MESSAGE: Concerning the dates on which chapter updates will come; I will be posting a new chapter every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. If I do decide to post a chapter in between these days or on Sunday it is purely because I'm feeling happy and generous. TIME: 4000 BEFORE PRESENT AGE LOCATION: MOUNT OLYMPUS, GREECE PERSEUS' POV: I sat in my throne on Olympus absolutely livid. I could feel my domain of Energy going wild, I could feel as dark energy seeped off me and warped my immediate surroundings. The atmosphere around me was dark and blurred, tainted with pure dark energy. This type of energy only formed when I was absolutely pissed off, and at this very moment I wanted my brother's head on a stake. Why? Certainly brother's should not be out to murder each other. Well because Hades had come to me earlier in the day saying that Zeus was trying to head a coup against my rule because he wanted the throne for himself. Apparently Zeus believed that he was the rightful king and that he had been denied the throne of king. Zeus believed because he was the one to rescue myself and my siblings from our father's stomach that we wouldn't be here without him. Personally after hearing that I couldn't have cared less, I had always known that Zeus was much too like our father to be trusted with absolute power. He had inherited his fatal flaw of power lust and allowed it to drive his mind and being, if Zeus obtained the throne of king eventually the world would burn and it would be on his consciousness. According to Hades, our younger brother had visited him and requested his backing when he ultimately made it known that he was rebelling against me. Zeus was even confident enough to disclose that he had the backing of almost everyone on my own appointed council to go against me but a handful few. Zeus had convinced Hera, Ares, Athena, Hermes, Apollo, Artemis, Demeter and shockingly to me even Poseidon to side with him when he challenged my throne. I knew that Aphrodite, Hephaestus and Hades had said no but I didn't know the place of my sister Hestia yet, though I couldn't see her going against me for Zeus' sake. For the sake of my own sanity I could not bear to hear their reasons, especially that of Poseidon as his own fatal flaw was personal loyalty. I guess that maybe I wasn't important enough to have any lasting loyalty to me along with the rest of the other twisted ones that craved power over order. The moment Zeus stepped into this council room and declared his intentions nothing would stop me from tearing him to pieces like I had my father. I turned to my scepter Maelstrom, standing upright beside my throne and radiating a black glow. I was going to drive it through my brother's heart for betraying me. I knew deep in the corners of my mind that my fatal flaw of vengeance was heavily influencing my thoughts and decisions but I didn't care at this point. My own family had chosen power over the being that had brought them together and cared for them through everything. The doors of the throne room suddenly crashed open and I turned my eyes to the nine Olympians walking through, my youngest brother at the very front. They stopped in the middle of the room and silently stared at me, probably noticing my aura. I met Zeus' electric blue eyes and almost snarled when he gave me a cold grin. "What ails you brother?" He asked faking concern in his tone. My eyes narrowed and I leaned forward on my throne until my elbows were on my knees and hands interlocked. I stared evenly for a moment before I gave him and identical smile to his own, causing him to frown slightly. "How can you stand there and call me brother?" I replied back in barely a whisper but I knew very well that they had all heard me loud and clear. "Every single one of you has betrayed me, and for what. Power?" Zeus had the nerve to laugh, a deep and remorseless laugh. He stepped forward and opened his arms wide gesturing to the Olympians still silent and emotionless behind him. "You are wrong Perseus, they have not betrayed you but simply switched allegiance. I offered them so much more than you ever could, I can give them the world but that's something you never could. You know why?" Zeus paused and looked me offer as if he was disappointed. I remained quiet, not trusting myself to speak lest I would end up compelling him to fall on his own master bolt. Finally he began to speak again and I instantly regretted my decision. "Your too soft Perseus, you let the mortals and minor gods run themselves when you should be commanding them absolutely. You have so much power yet you don't use it. I can't even trust you, for our sake you grew up a Titan. How could I trust someone to rule over me that grew up with the same being that ate my siblings." He said disgusted as if I had done something wrong. At the end his statement, I let out a short and dark laugh. My brother was completely insane, he had completely lost his mind to power. "You tell me that you can't trust me because I grew up under father yet you remind me of him the most, damn it Zeus have you forgotten your the one person he didn't eat. You speak of our siblings yet I raised them in the depths of our father's stomach." I snarled at him and rose from my throne, now standing on the dais a few feet from him. Before he could open his mouth to retort I raised my arm and a band of water appeared from thin air around Zeus head and froze onto his mouth, shutting him up completely. "Our mother saved you because she thought that you could save us all, she thought you could represent what Kronos lost when he lost his own humanity. I don't think you deserve to live, you disgrace the very reason mother saved you as you behave too much like our father did." I told him and watched as his eyes widened in shock as he realized the meaning of what I'd said. Suddenly the ice on Zeus mouth turned back to water and splashed to the floor, I turned my eyes on Poseidon to find him glaring at me as well as everyone else. "Brother step down from the throne, you'll only get one chance." He warned and his trident appeared in his outstretched hand, pointed directly at me. I watched as my own family summoned their symbols of power and leveled them at me, now only Zeus surprisingly remained weaponless. "What is it Perseus, do you need some motivation?" Zeus mocked having overcome his brief moment of shock. He smirked slightly when I gave him an eyebrow raise and snapped his fingers. At his feet, two women appeared in a flash of electric blue light. Wrists and ankles in shackles, bound in chains and gagged with thick cloth lay my sister Hestia and Aphrodite. My eyes widened and I took a step of the dais, that was when Zeus finally summoned his bolt and pressed it onto Hestia's neck. I froze and watched as she twitched in agony and tried to scream through the gag, her eyes pleading with me to save her. "Zeus what have you done?" I growled keeping my eyes focused on my sister and Aphrodite, the two Olympians apart from Hades that had sided with me. He gave me a cruel smile on return and moved the master bolt towards Aphrodite. I thrust my arm out behind me and Maelstrom came crashing into my hand, swinging it over my head I brought it down onto the marble floor vertically. The marble cracked on impact and a wave of golden energy ripped through the throne room, freezing the nine horrid Olympians in a temporary time spell. I left Maelstrom standing on it's own and hurried over to Hestia and Aphrodite, I knelt beside them and waved my hand over their forms. The chains and shackles disappeared and they lay on the ground drained of energy, obviously they'd put up a fight before Zeus had finally captured them. "Thank you Perseus,