prompt: co-workers Variations of . "I could have been nice to you." She didn't look up but snorted nonetheless. Draco drummed his fingers against his desk, rocking back just a bit in his chair as he observed her. His co-worker of five years, he reflected, deserved much kinder years following the war that had ended their childhoods prematurely. The frenzied quality of her hair and the dark circles under her eyes were a given, but add her split bottom lip and those telltale bruises at her neck, and she was more of a mess than usual. "Feeling guilty?" she asked, gaze flickering for a fraction of a second from the paperwork she was so devoted to, to her partner across from her. He berated, "If you had been paying attention, that idiot wouldn't have gotten the jump on you, Granger." "If you had been watching my back like you were supposed to – " "You still would have caught him before he got you in his grasp," he interjected, flatly. "You're too capable of a witch to have not been able to handle him on your own." Bemusedly, she shook her head. "Were you not just saying you could be nicer to me?" "I just was. Didn't I just admit you were capable?" "You say that about a lot of people," she allowed. "But usually sarcastically." "I didn't mean it that way this time, honestly Granger, so testy," he tsk-ed. "And you didn't even catch that I said, 'could have been', not feeling too sharp today, are we?" Shooting him an unimpressed look, she turned her attention back to the pile of paperwork she still had before her. Usually, the mountain of bureaucracy would have been in alphabetized files and organized in order of urgency and then subcategorized into department and persons involved. But not even she, the famous know-it-all of the eye-roll-inducing "Golden Trio", could keep it together. He considered that maybe it was why her hair was looking more like a hazard than normal. Her curly head, which was normally tied up to keep from obscuring her vision to prevent getting caught when working, was on the verge of snapping the ribbon into pieces. Sometimes she'd have the good sense to straighten the mane to get more control of it, but other times she was under the misconception that it would behave. To his peril. The number of times he had a face full of hair just standing in arms distance of her was once too many. He consoled himself that at least her signature curls were clean; always smelling of a mixture of jasmine and vanilla, and they always had the most distracting gloss to them like polished mahogany – He cleared his throat. "As I was saying, I could have been nicer to you." "And what brings on this revelation?" Granger asked distractedly. She was quite good at multitasking, and had to be with him around, Granger had informed him long ago. Apparently being partnered up with him was like having to babysit a child, though she conceded that it was far easier than having to be stuck with Weasel or Pothead. Something he felt a mixture of pride and offense over. "I was bored," he informed. "Do some work then?" "Can't." She sighed exasperatedly. "I'm afraid to ask why…" He answered anyway, "Too boring." "Malfoy –" "Indulge me, it's one in the morning and we've been at this for four hours. We need a break." "Correction: I've been at this for four hours, you've been at this for maybe half that time," was her pointed reply. "Arithmetic not your strong suit at the moment either; Granger? I'll have you know I've been quite diligent for at least the same amount of time as you have." "If you were so focused on your work, what brought this up?" Draco stared at her with furrowed brows. "I already told you. Merlin, Granger, you need this break more than I do. I fear you're suffering from short-term memory loss." Again, there was that sigh as she shuffled papers about. "I'm fine." "I'm not," he deadpanned, "and as your partner, you should accommodate me." "I don't need to accommodate anything; can we please just finish this off so we can go home?" Granger snapped. "Home is equally as boring." He waved off. "At least you're here. Now, indulge me." As her desk was right across from his, Granger couldn't hide the eye roll if she tried. Not that she did. But to his credit, she also didn't argue with him further which may or may not be due to the fact that she was intending to ignore him regardless. Which he also knew, she was not capable of… "Now as I was saying: I could have been nicer to you and perhaps, maybe, we could have been friends while at Hogwarts." Her head snapped up, eyes meeting his. …especially when it was something as terribly diverting as the new game he had made up. "There's no way," she informed instead. "How so?" "Have you forgotten the issue that is the unfortunate condition of my birth?" she asked flatly, eyes narrowed now. Unfortunately, the issue that was her blood status, the treatment that came with it, and fought a war about, had not been corrected in the five years since. Even he, a Death Eater at seventeen, could get better treatment in some circles than she, a notable war heroine and holder of an Order of Merlin: First Class. "Regardless. As I said, I could have been nicer, and at least hid my disdain." "Oh," she muttered, eyes rolling again. "What a pleasure that would have been." "Your turn." Granger cocked a brow. But before he could assume that she didn't understand the point of his distraction (of which he would have been disappointed), she said, "I could have been a pure-blood." And he lamented, that oh, if she was, this whole thing would have been so much easier. "If you were, we would have gotten along splendidly as children." "There'd be nothing different about me, Malfoy," she said with a huff. " Au contraire." "Enlighten me then." "We get along now that your blood status isn't of concern to me so clearly we would have gotten along whilst in school too," he decided. "I still would have been in Gryffindor," she reminded. "House rivalries aside then." "I still beat you at being the top of our year, every year." He continued to insist, " Personal rivalries aside." "We would never have known each other," she continued to disagree. "All pure-blood families in England know one another," he reminded, "my mother arranged playdates with most of the children my age, had tea with their parents, my father probably went hunting or did business dealings of some sort with them too." "What if I wasn't from England?" Oh, that was a consideration. "What if indeed…" He hummed, drumming his fingers against his desk once more as he deliberated. "Well, if that were the case, I would have made it a point to know you. Beating me out for top of our year, and never trying to meet with you to know the extent of your intelligence or unearth your weaknesses? With the added contradiction of you being placed in Gryffindor? What kind of Slytherin would I be?" She frowned, though it seemed a thoughtful one instead of an expression of actual displeasure. "A bad one, I presume." "Exactly. My turn." He cleared his throat. "I could have been a muggle." She snorted. "Ridiculous." He sniffed. "I would have been a brilliant one." "You wouldn't be you if you were," she said, almost laughingly at that. "Everything from the way you speak to how you dress to all your little mannerisms!" He was well aware of the airs he put on that she mocked, the old fashioned way he bowed, his choice of dress on a day-to-day basis, and he sniffed. Most women found that attractive. "Some muggles have proven themselves to be refined," he argued. Honestly, had she no love for her parentage? Surely they couldn't all be terrible; after all, they raised her! "Such as?" What was the bloke's name again? Ah! "William." "William, who?" she asked, still grinning. "That man whose grandmother is on muggle currency." Her mirth died in her eyes, turning her expression slack. She deadpanned, "Prince William ?" Smugly, he nodded. "Yes, him." A second later, she snorted in disbelief. "Why aren't I surprised that you'd align yourself to royalty if you were a muggle?" "It would suit, no? Aristocratic good looks, fine breeding, refined manners, excellent sense of dress…" "And balding," she added. His jaw slackened. "What?" "He's growing bald," Granger informed flatly, almost amused. "Perhaps you should have chosen to emulate Prince Harry?" "Oh, no, the ginger one?" His lips curled in distaste. "What's wrong with -?" "Your turn." Granger rolled her eyes, well aware of his ongoing passive-aggressive feud with Weasel-bee. He didn't understand why she would be surprised. She complained about him ferociously during their first two years as partners; at least before she had the good sense to dump him. Draco had heard it all: everything from how inconsiderate Weasel was about her career to his continuous assertions that they should 'settle down' (read: dedicate your time to taking care of me instead of working, the wanker) and even to the fact that he, with his barely there intelligence, found a way to undermine hers. Really, Granger should not have been surprised about Draco's dislike of the prat. "I could have been Head Girl," she interrupted. "You're going to go with that?" he asked; his turn to be unimpressed. "What?" She raised her hands in defense. "I could have been. I was all set to being one you know. How good would it have looked on my application form?" "Wouldn't have mattered, your resume is over a foot long and still going. Tell me, did you actually do all those things or did you just rewrite Hogwarts: A History?" She transfigured the parchment before him into an angry duck that began to peck at him furiously. Yelping, and swatting it away before he had the good sense to mumble "finite", he recomposed himself while Granger took to pretending she was engrossed in her work, hiding her snicker, and it was his turn to roll his eyes. "You really are quite touchy. Forgive me for thinking you'd be more creative then: 'I could have been Head Girl'." "Well, what would you have said?" She huffed, giving up her game of pretending to work, and casting aside her quill, arms crossed and a pout tugging at her lip. "I could have lived in a time without the war." Her eyes widened, and he had to suppress the urge to grin. "See, isn't that much broader! Tell me, Granger, what would you have done if you lived in some version of the universe without the war, hmm?" "Head Girl," she persisted, looking mighty satisfied with herself. He snorted. "Lord, you really are gunning for that title, aren't you?" She stuck her tongue out. "It was a big deal, okay? I was never going to be crowned Miss Hogwarts or anything, but Head Girl?" "As if you would have wanted to be crowned Miss Hogwarts, I'm of the mind that such a title would be entirely useless and the tasks menial at best." "But Head Girl," she persisted, and he allowed it with a sigh, "Alright, I can concede that." She looked pleased, and he made the mistake of continuing, "You would be the likely candidate. And with the troll playing a part of the war that was to come, you wouldn't have had the distraction of the two idiots." She was quiet then. "We would have still been in the same house." "If I remember correctly, they weren't particularly fond of you before the troll. Though I don't think anyone was, you were showing