Here be smut. Children avert ye eyes. Edited by Rachel because grammar, and shit, you guys. . The Beautiful Damned . "At least try to look a little less uninterested, Hermione," Lavender hissed as if whispering some scandalous secret that just had to be shared in front of everyone. "But I am terribly uninterested," the other witch replied, smiling, and desperately trying not to roll her eyes. With a flick of her ornate fan, the blonde giggled. "Then pretend you aren't." The pair stood in silence for a full minute before Lavender made another attempt at a scandalized whisper, "You needn't be so picky; how on earth will you ever find love dismissing every man who looks at you?" Considering Lavender was the slag her ex-boyfriend cheated on her with, the irony was not lost on Hermione, though aloud, she informed their audience, "I don't even know what I'm doing here." The small crowd gathered around tittered in amusement. Isn't she so funny? See how modest she is? Merlin, she wanted to punch a wall. Society, however, would certainly look down their noses at such an act of violence, particularly of Hermione's caliber – top of her class, "Brightest Witch of Her Age", war heroine, one-third of The Golden Trio, and fast-rising Ministry official in the Department of Magical Creatures. It wouldn't do by any stretch of the imagination to cause a scene, not when she was a shoe-in for a promotion, which was, coincidentally, the only reason she was attending this event in the first place, and wasting her time with the likes of Lavender Brown, of all people, lecturing her on love of all things. Hermione was not remotely interested in anything her irritating companion was saying. She was far too busy for a relationship and the situation with Ron had left her – well, she just wasn't interested. Glancing at her watch as discreetly as possible, she decided. One hour, then she was out of there. "If you'll excuse me," she said, turning to go, she brushed her hand absentmindedly at the mask affixed over her eyes. It was charmed not to come off until their host decreed it; a mysterious man who had not even made his appearance, as far as anyone knew, despite the hour of the party. Such was the life of a wealthy benefactor; Hermione mused; be as rude as possible and have it labeled 'eccentric'. Her boss, Bertina Craft, had agreed with her. Hermione reckoned everyone within the Ministry had had the same discussion at some stage. No one knew who he was, only that he was a high-paying sponsor for various programs introduced by the Ministry; the capture and trials of Death Eaters, the care of children whose parents were lost in the Second Wizarding War, increased funding for the research and treatment of dark curses, and the reformation of Hogwarts' education system to provide a more open, rounded, and unifying environment that was not divided by the ties of blood. From all the whispers on the grapevine about their host having served Voldemort, it seemed he was certainly attempting to make amends. All these good deeds whether paid in penance or not were exactly the reason why the Ministry had allowed him to organize the annual Valentine's Day Ball. There had always been a theme to these mind-numbingly boring affairs – A Night in Paris, An Affair in Rome, The Arabian Nights to name a few. Lavender had been on the organizing committees which explained the gaudiness of previous events. This year's host, however, had rather intriguing tastes. The portkey, which doubled as Hermione's invitation, had swept her away to a darkened room that welcomed guests with a ceiling alight with stars. Chandeliers, floating in mid-air, twinkled from their place amongst the infinity of constellations. It seemed their benefactor had decided upon an abandoned, decayed, greenhouse look as ivy crawled around and smothered the marble columns; trees, with their bare branches like lingering fingers, stretched like a thorny crown across the room as planters, that appeared scattered and random, looked beautifully aged in their marble encasements. The plants within, both magical and muggle, were fully grown and elegantly displayed as they bloomed brightly in various shades of burgundy, gold, and blue. The centerpiece of this darker Eden was a pomegranate tree, whose fruits were redder than a pumping heart. All things considered it seemed like the last place to have any sort of romantic gathering. Irritating guests aside, Hermione found the room curiously enticing; it whispered danger in its darkness, yet still managed to coax an almost perverse sense of sexuality as partygoers embraced in the lingering shadows, and bare skin seemed to wink at her from just beyond her vision. The masks provided anonymity to those who were looking for it, seemingly to hint at all the scandalous things one could get up to; not that it ever stopped anyone within the Ministry walls before, masks or not. Hermione shook her head and narrowly avoided Cormac McLaggen, again. They had gone on a date a few weeks after she and Ron had split and Hermione still regretted sleeping with him. The sex had been fine, although it certainly wasn't anything special. He , however, was insufferable and went to great lengths to make sure their colleagues knew he had bedded the great Hermione Granger. Perching herself beneath the pomegranate tree, mindful of the small twigs being weighed down by its labor and occasionally falling, Hermione sipped her Pinotage and wandlessly increased the strength of the charm on her mask to conceal her identity. She wasn't fussed about wearing the mask in the first place but, now, she was silently thanking it for keeping her hidden from Cormac. It occurred to her, as she reached up to touch the adornment with her fingers, just how appropriately it matched the theme of the room. The mask spread from her forehead, over her dark eyes, down to her cheekbones. It was edged in gold trim and speckled with honeyed glitter. Peacock feathers were attached to the left side, entwining themselves around Hermione's natural curls. The right side had leaves extending out, patterned with gold and shimmering crystals. Several guests thereafter approached her for conversation or, as she had found out earlier when she was standing beside Lavender, to spend the night with her. Hermione had simply waved them off. "The point of a party is to mingle, you know," a stranger informed Hermione as he sat beside her, with little care to whether she wanted his company or not. She shrugged. "I'm not interested in mingling." "No?" Hermione fancied that, if she could see his eyebrows beneath his mask, they would be raised in surprise. "No. Everyone here either wants to network or shag and, frankly, I'm not in the mood for either." "I'd think someone like you would at least be open to one of them." Her brows knitted, and the grip on her wine glass tightened just a smidge. "Someone like me?" "Ambitious, career driven; wouldn't you just jump at the opportunity to get to know your bosses better?" Oh. "Usually," she replied, "but I've found that it pays not to know them too well. My moral compass is rather bothersome." "Oh? Do tell." Hermione considered him. "I needed a signature from one of them in order to get a law passed, he refused." "And?" "I threatened to tell his wife that she was competing with a man, not a woman. I may have also implied, correctly," she added, "that he had only married her to secure his family's fortune." "He's likely pure-blood then," the man answered thoughtfully, "but the possibility of them marrying purely for him to have children is not uncommon." "I had considered that," she allowed, "though my attempts to get to know him several events before led me to the conclusion that that was not the arrangement he had with his wife." "He convinced her he loved her," her companion decided after a moment's contemplation. Hermione was impressed at how quickly he had put other, more obvious, options to bed. "Precisely," she concurred, "and he was not indifferent to her, though not necessarily in the way she wanted, so I threatened to tell if he didn't sign." "I never took you for someone cruel." She shrugged. "Getting the law passed was important; it was the right thing to do." A small twig fell onto her lap; the pomegranate as small as a berry and as dark as a spot of blood on the white dress she had chosen to wear. He chuckled lowly. "And here I thought you were sitting alone to look dull and uninteresting." "Aren't I?" "No, indeed," he murmured, his voice deep, warm, and smooth. "I find you fascinating." "Why is that?" "Because here you are; the most beautiful woman in the room, and you're alone." "By choice," she conceded, swirling her glass, and admiring his reflection through it. He was taller, and had to stretch his legs out a little as he sat; his shoulders broad, and his dress robes perfectly tailored in charcoal, stretching across his chest with every movement of his hands. She noted that he tended to gesture when he spoke and that he wore a solid black ring on his left ring finger which contrasted sharply with his white skin, drawing attention to the largeness of his palms and the length of his fingers. "Can I persuade you to change your mind?" She placed her glass on the floor beside her and turned to look at him properly. He was handsome, even with the top half of his face hidden from her. Tugging the pomegranate from the twig that held it, Hermione brought it to her lips. He had a straight nose, high cheekbones, and a strong jaw; though to say he simply had these things was an understatement, he had it in the same way that his very existence had witches stopping to state at him. She licked a stray drop of the fruit's juice. "You are already sitting next to me, aren't you?" "That's not necessarily all I want to do to you." Hermione felt that incessant pull at her belly as she threw one leg over the other, conscious of the way the material of her dress slid luxuriously to the side exposing her tanned skin. To his credit, his eyes didn't leave her face. She chuckled. "I thought I told you I wasn't interested in networking, or shagging." "You aren't here with anyone," he observed. He did well not to glance at her bare leg; his distance from her was controlled. Slowly, Hermione caught her bottom lip between her teeth. "It doesn't mean I'm going to leave with anyone either." It was his turn to chuckle as he stood, offering her a hand. "Who said anything about leaving?" "Unless you're planning on a romp in the coat closet," she began, accepting, "I'd take a guess and say you're our gracious benefactor." His lips lifted in a smirk as if she was supposed to know that from the beginning. "You are the Brightest Witch of Our Age." Tucking her hand in his arm, a gesture Hermione acknowledged was common to pure-blood breeding, although hardly displayed by the likes of Ron Weasley and Cormac McLaggen, her partner led her towards the end of the room where they ascended the staircase quietly. "Do you make it a habit of leaving your parties unannounced?" "Considering I arrive at them unannounced, I'm sure no one will care. Though if you'd rather, I can get rid of them?" As they stood over the landing, Ministry officials and their partners spread out before them, too caught up to notice that they were being watched, Hermione noted, "I go to work with these people every day – we share elevators, we pass each other in hallways, we debate in meetings, we sit across from one another at lunch or in the bullpen,