Disclaimer: This is a work of fan fiction, written because the author has an abiding love for the works of J. R. R .Tolkien. The characters, settings, places, and languages used in this work are the property of the Tolkien Estate, Tolkien Enterprises, and possibly New Line Cinema, except for certain original characters that belong to the author of the said work. The author will not receive any money or other remuneration for presenting the work on this archive site. The work is the intellectual property of the author, is available solely for the private enjoyment of readers at FanFictionNet, and may not be copied or redistributed by any means without the explicit written consent of the author. Rating: This collection of drabbles contains texts with possible strong but non-explicit adult themes, references to violence, and strong coarse language according to the rating M recommended by FFNet. This drabble collection is therefore not suitable reading material for children or teens below the age of 16. oooOooo Elves Through the Ages - a collection of drabbles – oooOooo Preface: A "drabble" is a short piece of prose of exactly 100 words. A double drabble (exactly 200 words) is a "drouble". A "tribble" has 300 words. A "quabble" has 400 and a "quibble" 500. More than that and you've got yourself a "ficlet". Drabbles and any variations thereof that are posted here were counted with MS Word. oooOooo Music of the Ainur As the flame roared higher, the music expanded into the void. As light and sound met, matter condensed. Born from fire and song, Arda grew into lands of greens and blues, fields and forests, mountains and glens. Hand in hand, the Ainur gathered to sing life into form and shape. From the music, words grew: a story . The plot thickened and there was love in Arda, honesty, valour and dreams. But then Melkor's discord struck and destroyed that heavenly harmony. Now there was hate, disrespect, loneliness and strife. The way the world is today. But still the Ainur keep singing. oooOooo All You Have to Give "Mark my words; he will obey to no orders or pleas. Words of advice will be to him like wind in the trees! Yet on him and the strength of his sons the fate of the world will depend." The gaze resting on her womb was heavy. She felt her very breath pressed from her lungs, the energy of life drained from her limbs. She realized that everything she had to give and more was demanded of her. "Are you still willing to bear him?" The Vala's expression was inscrutable. "Yes," she whispered. But her eyes were full of tears. oooOooo To Honour Elbereth Gilthoniel "What is that?" The elven woman looked at the object on the table. It looked like an anvil. It was roughly the size of one, too. But it was not made of iron. It consisted of a crumbly, partially blackened substance, and it was covered with something… " That is a cake," Nerdanel declared. "To honour the Lady Elbereth for the spring festival. It even has icing on top!" The mother knew better than to hug her fierce daughter. But she laid her hand on the elfling's head in a loving touch. "And what a well-forged cake it is, my dear!" oooOooo Tonight Once he made up his mind, no diversion would distract him from his goal. It was the night of the spring festival. He watched the forest trail and waited. Tonight he would lead her to his bed. Tonight he would feel her pure body writhing under his. His eyes flashed like heated steel. Suddenly she was there. It looked as if she had stepped right out of the mist drifting up between the trees. She was soft, like the mists that parted around her. But she was also fiery, like the stars in the sky. "Nerdanel! You look beautiful tonight!" oooOooo Ceramics' Lesson "Rats!" she exclaimed. A long day's hard work and she wasn't any closer to the completion of her chore. Granted, working ceramics was not her favourite way of working. Given, that this task was indeed a challenge. However, she of all Elves really should be able to… But whenever she tried to mould the frame of her husband's naked body, her attention… …strayed… …wandered… …distracted by strong forms, long lines… Her cheeks burned with the memory of last night... Disgusted, she threw her down her attempt at capturing a fiery spirit. "I just can't do it. He's simply beyond me!" oooOooo Fire and Water: For Allie Metal and stone are my tools. Fire and water to temper the steel. Whetstone to sharpen the blade. The blade to carve jewels. Opposites attract. Without fire and water, heat and cold, no blade will be hard and sharp and beautiful. Yet like weds like. And yet… what is a sword without a jewel in its hilt? A ring without its diamond? I stare at my father. Stubborn. I feel Fëanor's gaze upon me. There is steel in his eyes. I will be the fire and the water to temper this steel. "I will have him," I say. "Or none!" oooOooo Luceo, Non Uro? – When Fires Burn and Lights Go Out All words were lost now. She knelt in front of him. She reached for his hand. She wanted to beg and plead – if not for herself, at least for her sons. But no words would come to her. Nor tears. (Not yet.) She raised her eyes to meet his gaze. She searched for the fire she knew so well, from long labour and longer love, shared and shared again. She reached for the spirit that had once held her spell-bound. But there was no more magic. Nor fire. She found him subdued, defeated, withdrawn. A mere shell of the fiery spirit she had loved. He did not meet her gaze, instead looked down on the joined light of their wedding rings. The light, reflected on his armour, made it glitter in the blood-red flare of the torches. He did not move. He did not take her hand. He did not cry. He would leave her. He would leave with his head held high, with his eyes blazing, his expression stern, his posture unyielding. His spirit filled with fire once more. A fell fire. A fire that would burn his heart. And the lights of their rings would shine no more. oooOooo Pain She got the cheese out of the cupboard. There was no limit to her grief. She put the cheese on a plate. If she let go of her grief, her tears would never stop. She got out a knife. He had made that knife. It would never lose its edge. Her blood would be very red on the edge of that knife. Crimson pearls on silver… like precious jewels… Nothing was precious anymore. Music drifted into the room from down the road. She picked up the tray. She forced a smile. Mahtan, her father, was waiting in the living room. oooOooo "Well, at least you have kept your figure," the Vanya told her. "Even if you did not keep your sons." It was not the arrogance of that comment that hurt her. It was how off-handedly the shape of her life, and her love, were wiped away. Unconsciously, her hand crept to the gentle swell of her belly. She caressed her womb, trying to rediscover the shapes of her sons in it, the way they had ripened within her, safe and sound, before life and their father had ripped them away from her. "Yes," she replied. "That, at least, I kept." oooOooo Cold Like Fire White and pure, she had always imagined ice floes to be. And easily floating, delicate wonders of Eru's design, the sweetest of waters, solidified, swept up by the bitterness of salty floods below. Now here she was. The ice shone green and black and blue, grinding and moaning, breaking under their feet. The air so cold it burned her lungs like fire. Now she was here. Fell deeds and fey oaths had led them forth; no less than fitting that they should not find purity here, to cool and soothe their angry spirits. Just reward, to meet a cold that burned as true as the fire that had sent them forth. But here she was. She was here. Tears froze into glittering pearls around her lashes, her eyes gleamed green and blue like the ice to her feet. Too many were not. Faltering spirits or failing bodies had sent too many back from whence they had come, houseless fëa born crying on the icy winds. Yet she was still here. Every careful inhalation sent a sense of prickling exhilaration coursing through her body. She was here. She had reason for hatred now, where once there had been merely a faint distaste born of envy. She had reason for a bitterness now as bleak and grinding as the ice of the Helcaraxë. Yet she felt it not. If anything, she felt a strange kinship to that spirit of fire who had led them forth and abandoned them. She shuddered. Had she been in his stead, would she have stayed her hand in time? Or would she, too, have sealed the destiny of her people, as he had done? But oath or no oath… Here she was. The icy cold of the far North suffused the woman who would once be called Galadriel. It roused in her a fire equal to the one burning in the soul of the High Prince and self-proclaimed King of the Noldor. Her feet did not slip as she moved along on the ice. Ice that was black, blue and green, with shards that tore through her shoes and coloured her foot prints red with blood. And though the fire of the North made her spirit burn, it did not consume her. Here. For while her fire was fey and fierce, it was a cold fire, this fire won in the North, on narrow painful paths through the grinding ice of the Helcaraxë. Paths that would be found only twice in all the long ages. Once by a spirit of shadow, once by a spirit of light. Here. Under the silver moon, their trumpets finally rang out in triumph. Echoes raised of unholy cries were lost amid the golden ululations of the Noldorin fanfares. Her soul answered the song of the trumpets. The air was wild and free and sweet. Wide lands beckoned. Destiny waited to be made her own. Here. Her heart beat heavily. Cold fire glowed in her eyes. She was here. Thank you, Fëanáro. oooOooo Courage Eärendil tried not to show fear, as the elvish guards led him to stand before the thrones of his judges. He hoped that they would not notice the way his hands trembled. He hoped that they did not see how he had to fight to hold back his tears. Please, he thought, let me go home to see my wife again, and my sons! But when he faced the Valar, standing alone in the square that was Máhanaxar, the only thing he said was: "Please, save Middle-earth!" He remained silent, even when the ritual words of his sentence were proclaimed. oooOooo Lice, Edar and Edain It was a dirty war. There was no other word for it. It was a dirty war and an ugly war. Seven years in the dust and the stones of the plains of Gorgoroth. And still there was no end in sight. Eldar and edain, side by side, in the tents and the trenches. Eldar and edain… and the damn louse did not know the difference… Gil-galad scratched his behind with a vengeance. Ahhhh… easy does it… The elf-lord sighed deeply with relief. This only shows , the elf mused, that all of us are Eru's children, Firstborn and aftercomers alike. oooOooo Why? The objective was so clear in