Disclaimer: This is a work of fan fiction, written because the author has an abiding love for the works of J. R. R .Tolkien. The characters, settings, places, and languages used in this work are the property of the Tolkien Estate, Tolkien Enterprises, and possibly New Line Cinema, except for certain original characters that belong to the author of the said work. The author will not receive any money or other remuneration for presenting the work on this archive site. The work is the intellectual property of the author, is available solely for the private enjoyment of readers at FanFictionNet, and may not be copied or redistributed by any means without the explicit written consent of the author. Rating: This collection of drabbles contains texts with possible strong but non-explicit adult themes, references to violence, and strong coarse language according to the rating M recommended by FFNet. This drabble collection is therefore not suitable reading material for children or teens below the age of 16. oooOooo DRABBLES OF GONDOR - a collection – oooOooo Preface: A "drabble" is a short piece of prose of exactly 100 words. A double drabble (exactly 200 words) is a "drouble". A "tribble" has 300 words. A "quabble" has 400 and a "quibble" 500. More than that and you've got yourself a "ficlet". Drabbles and any variations thereof that are posted here were counted with MS Word. oooOooo "A little love , daily, twice daily" – that's the thing! (quoted after Samuel Beckett, Mrs. Rooney in "All That Fall") "What do you want?" Finduilas turned away from her mirror. There he was, the proud Steward of Gondor, lingering in the doorway with something that could only be called a mischievous twinkle in his eyes. "I know this is not a very responsible behaviour," Denethor told his young wife, crossing the room to stand behind her. "But… finish dressing later?" He let his fingers slide down her side to play around her waist, searching entrance to her robe. She turned around to face him. "You stupid man," she laughed. He raised his eyebrows at her. "But I want to improve!" oooOooo "Guards of the Citadel" "What is the matter? That noise is fit to shatter a mirror!" Denethor bellowed, not bothering to conceal his anger. He glared at the guards. Opening the doors of the tower before him, the guards robbed him of the satisfaction of smashing the doors open. His sons and his wife were dancing around the wilting White Tree. Bright eyes turned to him, small hands reached for him.He almost winced at the frail and feeble movements of his wife. Ignoring Finduilas, he growled at his sons, "Don't act like fools! That way you will never become guards of the Citadel!" oooOooo Song of a Nightingale "Think of me as a nightingale of Rhûn, my love," she suggested, her voice weak from the disease that was about to claim her life. Denethor sat and held Finduilas' hand as she was getting ready to spread the wings of her soul and fly away beyond the tides of time and the horizon of Eä. "They sing only for one night," he finally replied. "But Eru and all the Valar turn to listen," she whispered. With the eyes of his beloved companion and wife, Denethor also closed his heart. No chant however sweet would ever stir his soul again. oooOooo Perfection He was nervous. There was real artistry to throwing a spear. He had to do well. His brother was more than a little opinionated about clumsy throws or bad aim. Faramir swallowed hard. His hands felt slightly sweaty. The perfect grip… a secure stance… His heart pounded heavily. He concentrated, until he felt there were only three things left in his world. The spear, the aim – and his brother's sharp, blue-grey eyes. He drew back, trying for a mighty heave – he threw the spear – he watched the spear hissing through the air in a perfect curve – and his brother applauded. oooOooo First Love You did not need to be a diviner to realize what was up with young Boromir of Gondor. You only had to see him strut along the streets of Minas Tirith this spring to know just what had happened to the Steward's son. A dreamy expression on his face, his mind in a muddle, with no correct answer for any question his tutors might ask: Boromir son of Denethor was nineteen years old. And he was in love! Alas, it was not to be. He died a bachelor, bewailed, bemoaned, beloved by all of Gondor, but not by a wife. oooOooo Politics! Sudden death would certainly be preferable to these endless spirals of arguing and debating and bargaining and flattering and threatening and weaselling and poisoning – oh, he did not only dislike politics, he hated politics! Then he caught sight of her. Far away she was, but he was sure that it was her. She was walking to the Embrasure, as was her wont at this hour of the day. The lithe, graceful movements. The long hair floating in the breeze – he felt his blood rise hotly. And how in Arda should he be able to concentrate on those damn politics now? oooOooo The Obligatory Tribute to Aeneid Boromir slid off his horse. For once he was sober and in high spirits. He ran into the tavern. There she was, his saucy wench! Ana! Swinging her broom, modest as always in a russet-brown skirt. xxx Against her will her smile brightened, as she beheld the hero-drunkard-warrior-of-her-heart.Her breath caught in her throat as he roughly tweaked her behind, embraced her and then proceeded to kiss her thoroughly. "No, my lord, no," she gasped. "There are customers present!" "Forget about them," he roared happily. "Now bring on the ale, let's celebrate!" Her face fell at that request. Nothing had changed. oooOooo The Meaning of Truth His father stared at him, his gaze hard and unforgiving. What it was that he could not be forgiven for, Faramir did not know. He only knew that his father always managed to find fault with whatever he attempted. "The Dunlendings are nothing but heathens," Denethor said harshly. "Their life is one of simplicity," Faramir replied softly. "And the Corsairs are nothing but corrupt filth," Denethor hissed. "But their knowledge of the seas and the winds is extensive," Faramir countered calmly. He would have to live without his father's forgiveness and approval. But he could not live and renounce truth. oooOooo Sanctuary He wakens suddenly. He has to force himself not to jump to his feet, weapon drawn. He keeps his eyes closed. Thoughts, memories, worries flare up, flitter through his mind like a flurry of gnats, biting, stinging, teasing… Dark times and too many duties… No. Not now. Not here. He inhales deeply. The air is clear and cool above the well-hidden, shadowy pool. It is not precisely a sanctuary. But nothing and no one is really safe in Gondor these days. But what peace and quiet he can find, he finds it here: in Henneth Annûn, window to the West. oooOooo Henneth Annûn He was a ranger of Henneth Annûn. In the sullen aridity of this black land he longed for that hidden refuge of sparkling water and sheltering shadow and shy green growth. A bang. An explosion. It did not even make him jump anymore. The years of continuous danger had grown too long for him to notice every time his life was threatened, every time that the darkness reached for him, ready to consummate and devour his soul. But he was sure, as long as even the memory of Henneth Annûn would linger, there would be someone willing to fight on. oooOooo Rites of Passage A rite of passage. A ritual of initiation that was naught for fancy city boys or courtiers. What happened in this secret valley was a thing of men, was kept secret by them. No word of what signalled the acceptance of a warrior into the ranks of the Henneth Annûn brotherhood ever reached the white city. No whisper of what happened behind the waterfall would ever be breathed within the walls of Minas Tirith. He stood naked in the dim twilight, the droplets refreshing on his bare skin. A hand slowly slid down his back to his buttocks. "My brother…" oooOooo Promises Broken, Promises Kept The need to prove himself was natural, he thought. A young warrior of Gondor, determined to show his worth… He returned home accomplished and his father applauded his success. But each time his joy in the return faded, as he saw his younger brother pushing himself beyond reason, but to no avail. Looking at Faramir, Denethor would only see his failure to save the woman he loved. Looking at Boromir, Denethor saw the promise he himself had once held, a young warrior of Gondor. Boromir was scared that he, too, would not be able to live up to that promise. oooOooo Dreams "It's nothing but a figment of imagination!" But cold fear gripped Denethor's heart. Boromir shrugged."Father, you know that fantasies are not my domain! But this dream, it flares like fire in my heart!" The warrior sighed. His father would not like to hear this. "And Faramir shares this portion of the dream!" He would not say that Faramir had the worst of it. Dreams that woke him, screaming. "We have to go to Imladris and find out the meaning of it all, no matter what the cost! I know this is fateful!" And Denethor knew that it was, too. oooOooo Last Thoughts He waited for the fourth arrow to explode in his body. He waited for the last pristine spot of his shirt to be sullied with blood. The arrow never came. But his life was draining from him; a slow flow of life and blood, just as it once must have dripped into him through the umbilical cord, feeding him with maternal strength, until his form was completed, until he could be set on his life's path. Now that path was altered, its direction forever changed, from life to death. He sighed, thought of his mother. And then he was dead. oooOooo Duty It was inconceivable to neglect his duty. He had always been circumspect to the point of obsession. Duty was his second name. No. Duty was the first thing on his mind in the morning. Duty was what he thought of when he lay down to sleep. Now, however… Duty. He tasted the word. He rolled around the syllables in his mouth like wine. His hand clenched around the glass. Duty… The glass broke into shards. He watched unflinching as his blood dripped on the fragments of crystal. What was duty to him now that he had lost his eldest son? oooOooo Woebegone - Woe - Be Gone - Gone There is no one left to be trusted. Least of all myself. He is about to launch his last attack. I know this. I have seen this. And this time, he will win. He is telling me that he will win. With one look of his eye. His burning eye. There is no need to tell me, for I know. I have seen. But he rejoices in telling me. The eye is following my every step. Every step. Step. Step. It flickers in the eye of that servant, watching me out of the corner of his eyes. Eyes, eye, I. I scream at him. He shrinks back shivering. I look into his eyes and they are blue. Blue, blue, blue. I feel the eye on my back whenever I turn around. Round, round and round we go, ring around the tree, ring around the white, white tree. I scream at it. But it stands white and dead. Dead, dead, Dad. The eye is looking at me with Faramir's eyes, Finduilas' eyes. Love turned to hate, their eyes pursue me. Pursue me, pure me, oh