Hello and welcome! I am so excited to be back. I look forward to hearing from you all again, I've missed you! So my newest project is called Tomorrow. It should take you on a wonderful journey filled with love, angst, and longing. Also lots and lots of great Country Music stars! If you don't like country music...well, you should! LOL Enjoy! Disclaimer: SM owns Twilight. All the other country goodness is mine. Tomorrow…I'm gonna leave here… Edward had been eyeing bright green box for two weeks now, ever since his mom, Esme, put it under the tree. "It's from your grandfather, Edward. He says you can't open it until Christmas Eve." So Edward had to wait…and wait…and wait. The West Virginia winter days passed slowly, school was out for break so there was no one to play with. Surrounded by the hills and valleys all covered with a white blanket of snow, Edward liked to sit by the window and watch the snow fall. Tiny flakes would cling to the sill until they melted, creating little rivers that raced down the glass. His grandpa always sent him the best gifts. Last year he got a remote control airplane, the year before, a new bike. He couldn't wait to open this one. The gift was oddly shaped…a long box, almost four feet tall, but not rectangular in shape, a portion of it was larger than the rest, so Edward spent his days studying it…trying to guess what could possibly be inside. On Christmas Eve his parents made him attend mass with them. He had to wear a pullover sweater in red and green, which he hated. He was more comfortable in his Wrangler jeans and tee shirts, but his mom was insistent, and when he complained she narrowed her eyes, giving him this look that meant he wouldn't win this one. So he sat between his parents in church, trying to hide, hoping he wouldn't run into any of his classmates. All he needed was to be teased when school started up again. Nothing like being 8 years old and called a baby because your mother still dressed you… "Try to sit still Edward…pay attention." Esme placed her hand over her son's leg, trying to get him to stop squirming. She knew he was anxious to get home and open his gifts; she couldn't wait to see her son's smiling, happy face knowing he would tear through the paper in a whirlwind of excitement. But for right now, he needed to calm down, and listen…the preacher was telling the story of Christ and she knew Edward loved this story. Eventually her son settled down enough to listen, and soon he was captivated by the preacher's lively voice that soared over the congregation in a jovial, animated tone. Still, Edward's patience only lasted that one hour. Back at the house he zipped through the rooms at lightning speed, yanking his sweater over his head and tossing it over the wooden rocking chair in the living room. His Dad built a fire in the fireplace so the chilly Southern winter winds couldn't break through the red brick walls. The large eight foot Douglas fir tree stood proudly near the huge picture windows, all lit up in an array of twinkling, colorful lights, blinking in tune to the carols playing over the radio. Johnny Cash's The Christmas Guest played loudly enough to drown out his mother's blender as she prepared the last dish of the large holiday feast she been working on since the crack of dawn. Edward found his feet tapping to the tune as he glanced over at the Christmas tree once more, his mother loved playing these catchy tunes by her favorite artists, over and over again, and the easy rhythms grew on Edward over time. His grandparent's wouldn't arrive until tomorrow, but he knew he would be able to open his gifts tonight. "Can I open one right now…just one Mom… please …" he danced around his mother in earnest, almost making her trip… "I promise I'll only open one …" "Not yet Edward…let me finish the cranberry sauce…go help your father, he's in the bedroom probably looking for the wrapping paper to wrap my gift that I know he just bought yesterday …" her voice was teasing, loud enough so that she heard her husband shout out from the bedroom, "I heard that Esme! And I didn't just buy it yesterday !" I bought it the day before yesterday, Carlisle thought with a chuckle, but he would never admit it. He chuckled again when he saw his son's forlorn face appear at the bedside. Oh the joys of being 8 and having to wait to open your presents. "Come on over here son, hand me that tape, will you?" He waved his son over with his free hand. Edward shuffled over with a sigh; he picked up the tape dispenser with one hand and tore off a piece to hand to his father. "How much longer do we have to wait dad?" he asked, as his father reached out and plucked the tape from his fingers. "Not too much longer son, in fact, I think we'll open the gifts a little early tonight…" "Really?" Suddenly the light appeared back in Edward's eyes, "Can we Dad? Really?" "Sure thing son," Carlisle chuckled again at the bounce he saw in his son's step, "As a matter of fact, in about twenty minutes, you'll know why…" He didn't even get to finish his sentence…Edward had raced out of the room, the tape forgotten. The presents were going to be opened early tonight and he was nearly bursting out of his skin. Exactly thirteen minutes later the knock at the door made Edward jump up from his seat faster than you can say "white lightening," and speed towards entryway. He flung open the door with a look in his eyes that resembled a starving man heading for the buffet table. He wasn't sure who he was expecting to see there…Santa maybe? "Grandpa! Grandma!" his voice echoed throughout the room and sent both his parents scuttling from various corners out into the foyer. "Edward!" his Grandmother held him in a tight embrace and Edward breathed in her perfume, his Grandma always smelled so good. Tilting his head slightly, Grandpa took off his brown Stetson hat, and handed it over to his daughter. Esme hung it on the wooden tree coat rack next to the door. Grandpa looked just as eager as Edward, and his eyes twinkled as he shook Edward's hand. Still holding Grandpa's hand, Edward dragged his family out into the sitting room where they all made themselves comfortable on the large leather sofas, still chatting with one another. Esme brought out white porcelain mugs filled with steaming hot chocolate. Finally the big moment arrived, and with all his favorite people surrounding him, Edward tore through gift after gift, his eyes still fixed on the odd shaped box from his Grandfather. He couldn't wait to get his hands on that one. His mother made him stop and smile for the camera after every gift, which was slowing him down, making him antsy. "Ok son, go ahead…that box can't wait any longer…" His grandfather didn't have to tell him twice, Edward was already tearing the paper away, his eyes full of anticipation. Everyone let out a large gasp, except Edward, he was puzzled…he turned the case over and over…perhaps Grandpa had given him the wrong gift? "Oh my goodness!" Esme exclaimed, "That's really too much Dad!" she clasped both hands tightly together, her eyes nearly watering. "Nonsense!" Grandpa exclaimed proudly, a large grin on his face, "It was always meant to be passed down…and now it's time…" Edward didn't know what to say…he held the gift stiffly in his hands…how on earth was he going to tell his Grandpa that he didn't know how to play the guitar? Bella enjoyed her walk to school. Spring was just arriving and she loved breathing in the fresh air and watching the flowers begin to bloom all around her. Her mom made her pancakes this morning and they talked about her upcoming math quiz. Bella knew she would ace it, she spent all weekend studying for it, so she was not the least bit worried about it as she walked pass the small corner store at the end of the block. She waved hello to Mr. Cutler, the nice old man who owned the store. He paused in the middle of sweeping his steps to wave back at her before continuing on with his work. Bella told herself to remember to bring him some ice cold lemonade later on after school. Mr. Cutler was always so sweet and friendly to her, and ever since Mrs. Cutler died last year, Bella tried to come around more often, so Mr. Cutler wouldn't be so lonely. Rounding the block and reaching the school grounds Bella found herself in step with Jessica Stanely, her best friend. They had been best friends since they were five and shared everything with one another. Maybe Jessica would go with her after school to visit Mr. Cutler too; she liked him just as much as Bella did… "He's staring at you Bella." Jessica's voice was a low whisper as she stood by her best friend near the lockers. Their next class was going to start in two minutes but Jessica just had to let Bella know. Bella eyes lit up at her friend's words, and she giggled softly, starting to turn her head around to see for herself. "No, don't look!" Jessica half nudged her shoulder against Bella in warning, "He'll see you looking. Just go on inside the classroom…he's coming this way!" Bella quickly made a beeline for the door, heading directly to her desk, not even pausing to greet her favorite teacher, Mr. Molina. Her skin felt all tingly as she walked, she knew he was following her in and walking right behind her…she could almost feel him, and just his mere presence was making her shiver. Jake Black sat behind her in Biology. She'd known him ever since Kindergarten, in fact, she knew almost everyone since Kindergarten. Forks was not exactly a big town, everyone knew everyone here, there was no such thing as a secret in Forks. Bella had the biggest crush on Jake Black since forever, and she was pretty sure he liked her too because his face broke out into a smile when he passed her desk, and when he sat down he accidently scooted his desk forward so that it purposely rested against the back of Bella's chair. She sat as still and as straight as she could throughout Mr. Molina's lecture. She wanted so badly to turn around and smile at Jake, make small talk. They'd been friends for years now, but it was just up until a few months ago when she took a second look at him. She couldn't put her finger on it, when her feelings changed…she just knew …one day Jake was her buddy, the guy she would joke around with and exchange homework answers in Biology, the next day he was the object of her affection, the guy who made her heart start pounding whenever he walked into a room. It was maddening really, but thus was the life of a teenage girl…and for the time being, it wasn't so bad… "Did you do all your homework problems last night?" She could feel Jake's breath on the back of her neck; it almost made her jump out of her seat. She hoped he couldn't see her suck in her breath, and she tried to calm herself before turning her head slightly so that she could answer him. "I did all of them except for the last two…" she kept her voice to a whisper, mostly so that it wouldn't shake, "I couldn't figure those ones out." "Then we're in the same