A/N: Hello dear dear readers new and old! I am back with a series! This is something tht hit me halfway through Steel and I have talked about it before in the Steel an's and here it is. This story is pretty much something that came to me while listening to my music on my mp3. The boys screamed at me for a long long time and I kept notes and things morphed and here we have the strt. There will be many musical refs and some twist in characters that might not be everyones cup of tea but it is what they are telling me. So I hope you stick with for the ride. I am seeing a good 30-40 chapters (you all know I am long winded) so let do it! I want to say I love you Min! My beautiful pre-reader you have been an amazing support and I trust you will tell me when it is crap! And To the hubs Joe~~ your devotion to edit me after long hours of taking on the news of the town! 3! Ed pov Fuck this crap! I am done with them all! Walking into a sleazy-ass bar down the street from my crap-ass Super 8 room, all I want to do is drown myself in booze and forget it all. "Time to grow up, son. Time to take over and step up and fill your right full place." Fuck that! My mother has been pushing too fucking long and hard and this little jaunt into the heart of the company is a crock. I could be living it up in L.A. or settling into a dance groove in Seattle. Po-fucking-dunk Texas, where the height of excitement is a pie bake-off, is crap! The bar is exactly what I thought it would be from looking at the outside. The floor is pitted wood. The walls are lined with neon signs and drink special posters and the paint is faded and chipped. I pull up to the bar on the least-rickety stool I can find. "What can I get ya, buddy?" Well, the accent fits. Glancing at the too-tight Levis and the heels of the boots confirms it - I'm in hell. "Scotch, whatever you have is fine, as long as it is not Beam." Putting the glass of amber in front of me, he busies himself with random bartender crap. I down the first drink quickly. It's Jameson not scotch, but I will deal with the decent whiskey. A second and third go down just as easy as the first. By the time I am on my fourth, I slow down and I guess the bartender decides I must be in a chatty mood. "So . . . not from here obviously. I know everyone here." He dunks a few glasses through the water cycle that bars call clean. "Not even close." Not in the mood for chit-chat, I let my eyes dart to the ESPN on the big screen. "No accent, so not even from the state. Why the fuck would you be here?" I snort. That is the million-dollar question. I bark out a laugh at him, "Not by any choice of my own, that is for sure." "So what's the story?" Is he fucking serious? Is this a movie? "Really gonna play bartender psychologist with me? Is that in the handbook or something?" Really? Do they live in movie cliches down here? Now it's his turn to laugh. "No, man, it's just a matter of making small talk. It is after nine on a weeknight. Most of the town is in bed. Hell, if you hadn't come in, I probably would have closed up by now." "Sorry to make you do your job. You could always kick me out. I am sure you have a hot little 'honey' or 'sweetheart' - no, you are more the 'sugar pie' type - to get home to." Ya, I am being a dick. I probably should just go, but honestly, I want to stay and be a dick and get some things off my chest. "Actually I am more the 'Darlin' type." I could have sworn he winked at me as he turned to pull a bottle of beer out of the cooler. "So, gotta story or you want silence?" He smirks as he turns back to me. I narrow my eyes at him and get a good look. He was quite a good-looking man, that's for sure. He had piercing green eyes and a straight nose, plump red lips and a firm square jaw, and dark hair that had streaks of blonde and reds from the southern sun that hits his chin. He was stunning really. Not even the series of fine-lined scars down the left side of his face could deter from his good looks. There are tattoos peeking out from under the rolled sleeves of his chambray shirt. Something about him has my attitude chilling out a bit. What the hell! It's customary to spill your shit to the bartender, right? I never thought one way or the other about what I prefer as far as sex goes. I can see the beauty in both the sexes. I have never had a complaint. "Family sucks sometimes, that's about it. You live how you are brought up, then all of a sudden life stinks." "Sorry, man. Wish I could empathize, but I ain't got none." Great, now I feel like shit. Not sure why, I could care less about a random sob story, but there was something in the tone of his voice. Downing the last of my amber-colored therapy, I slide it forward and hand him a tip. "Thanks man, have a good one." He taps his knuckles on the bar. Tapping the bar, he pockets the money. "Catch ya around, man." I looked back briefly and he was facing the mirror, but his eyes were on me. Our eyes met briefly, but he then shook his head and turned away so I couldn't see the what? Sad look? Disgusted? Shoving a hand in my pocket, I blow the joint with a who-gives-a-fuck attitude. Some of the pissy attitude is gone, but not all of it, especially after I stop to light a smoke and take a look around. This is the shit that I escaped. This is the life that if my father hadn't been so successful, I would be still living in. And let me tell you, it is crap. The main - and I am sure only - drag has classic signs of small-town hick town. The asphalt street is pitted and covered in the gravel and tar meant to fix it. The stores all scream small-town, from the Piggly Wiggly at the end of the street to the five and dime next to the diner that probably hasn't seen an update to the decor since the '50s. Taking a deep drag from my Camel Wide, I head down the street back towards my own personal hell of cheap carpets and itchy blankets. Six channels and the smell of hundreds of others that have been in the same room. The walk takes no time at all. In fact, I bet my Rolex that no where in this town takes more than fifteen minutes on foot. Grabbing my card key out of my pocket, I let myself into my room and throw the window wide open. Everything said nonsmoking, but fuck it! Putting a little water in one of the cups from the ice bucket, I light up a Camel. If they don't like it, screw them! I will buy the fucking place. Tossing my coat on the bed and kicking off my shoes, I whip the comforter off the bed and toss it in the corner before flopping down and grabbing the remote. With a late night talk show droning on in the background, I fire up my laptop to go over the next day. The hell that will be my everyday until my dear old mother thinks I have learned my lesson or some shit like that. My email is first and I bypass all of the emails that look like invites and updates. It will just put me in a crappier mood and remind me of what I am missing out on. I don't need the reminders of what I could be doing and what I have to do to get back to that life. I see the ones that are dealing with work. I try to wade through it all. I have been working in the company since I left college, but really, I just was there. I'm not a dumbass, but as far as I was concerned, there were others that knew the job. Why not let them do it? I had money to spend and fun to have. Yup, well, one stroke and I pretty much blew my fun out of the water. Now it is time to buckle down or there would be no more fun. After about 50 emails, the booze, the stress and the long day blur my eyes, so I shut the lid and strip down to my boxers. I hope to god that the sheets are clean as I slide in and lay back. Tomorrow is going to be the official start to my stay in hell and I feel the headache on the way as I drift. But the last image I remember surprises me, it is of intense green eyes, a southern drawl and fine silver scars. It is a flash, but I recall it several times through the night. It haunts my dreams. The glaring sun and layer of sweat covering me has me waking up in a bitch of a mood. I forgot how hot it is right away in the mornings down here. Back when I was a kid visiting, Nana would always remind me to close the curtains and turn on the fan. I, in my mood from yesterday, forgot both. Scratching my sweaty balls, I shuffle over to the coffee pot and flip it on and stare out the window. My view is a half-empty lot full of steaming asphalt and dust. "Welcome to hell, Eddie Boy." Jas pov Climbing out of bed at the crack of dawn was never me - OK, rarely me. But after replaying everything in my head for the hundred-thousandth time, I give up on sleep. The guy was - well, hot as hell, if you go for the obviously handsome and rich type. But, WOW, what a complete ass. It was like he had "trust fund" stamped on his forehead and "party boy" stamped on his ass. Not to mention the crown on top of his head that screamed "I am a fucking sex GOD." From his perfectly messy hair to his Rolex and expensive suit, he had that rich party-boy air about him. Everything I loathe - that and the fact that he seemed to blame everyone for spoiling his life. I should have been happy when he walked out of my place, but something about him - something. The smart part of me yells "RUN." But the risk taking side says, "Go ahead and bite. You know you want to know more." "Fuck it, he screams 'daddy issues.' " Tossing the covers back, I pad naked to the bathroom and take a long piss and splash water on my face. Checking the clock as I grab a Coke out of the fridge, I see the ungodly hour. I groan at the glaring green 6:45 on the microwave as I take a long pull from the cold can of sugary caffeine and it slides down my throat. This is gonna be a long-ass day. After grumbling and groaning through my wake up routine, I grab my keys and head out to do the only thing I can ever think to do when I wake up this early. "Oh mama,