This story might be a bit OOC but oh well, I've started working on it a long time ago but then I lost motivation. I just finished it so, enjoy. 6 years old "No! You know what, screw you. I'm leaving this dump and I'm taking Annabeth with me!" "I'm sorry, I really am. It's just, I thought it was going to be a onetime thing but then she got pregnant…" Hearing the screaming, I quietly went downstairs. I saw my mom in tears and my dad staring at a suitcase that I assume held my mom's clothes. "Oh shut it with your excuses!" Mom started throwing things at dad's face but missed each time. A bunch of pots and pans later, she finally got tired and broke down into sobs. "Athena…" Dad started going to her and I thought he was going to soothe her and calm her down. I thought they were going to make up and mom would put her things back in her drawer and they would hug it out. They didn't. "Get away from me, you two-timing bastard." She hissed as he tried to get near her. "I'm leaving. I'm talking Annie with me," She looked down at her stomach and whispered, "And Malcolm." "Who's Malcolm?" Dad voiced my unasked question. Mom glared at dad, "Your unborn son you asshole!" Dad's eyes widened as he looked at her stomach, "You're pregnant too?" Mom got off the floor and slowly walked over to where I was standing, just noticing I was here. "Pack your bags sweetie, we're leaving." I looked up at my mom and asked, "What about dad?" "That man is not your father. Let's go Annie." I nodded and packed my bags with all my clothes and books. I looked around my room and thought, if only I could pack my entire room with the walls too. Ω 8 years old I kept running until my legs ached. I couldn't take it anymore, mom turned into an alcoholic and the entire house smells. She went somewhere and hasn't been home in weeks. I took that as a chance to leave the dungeon. I sniffed and wiped away the tear that I didn't realize slipped out of my eye. I looked around and realized I was in the park. "Are you okay?" Startled, I looked up to see a blond boy and a raven haired girl. The blond boy's icy blue eyes were staring intently at me as my eyebrows furrowed. "Where are your parents, Blondie?" The girl asked as she looked around. I shook my head so the boy said, "I'm Luke, and this is Thalia. What's your name?" "Annabeth." I mumbled, sniffing again. "Where do you live, Blondie?" The girl – Thalia – asked. I shook my head again as I said, "I can't go back there again." Luke stared at me intensely making me uncomfortable. Finally, he asked, "What's your last name?" "Chase…" "Do you – is Fredrick Chase your dad? I remember he had a daughter…" Luke said as he looked in the direction of my old house. I nodded which caused Luke to grab my hand and say, "Let's go then. Come on, Thalia!" We walked past old roads bringing back old memories. I miss my old room… We reached the house with the biggest tree in front of it. Luke knocked on the door. A few minutes later, a brunette woman in a pink sleeping gown carrying a two year old baby answered the door. "Yes?" She asked in a tired voice. "Is Dr. Chase here?" he asked as Thalia peeked into the house. "Freddy, it's for you!" The woman called inside. A minute later, dad was at the door. When he saw me, his eyes practically popped out of their sockets as he questioned, "Annabeth, what are you doing here? Is Athena alright? What happened?" I yawned and rubbed my eyes as my vision started to get blurry. "We found her with her bags packed in the park…" Thalia said as she looked at the bags weighing down my arms. "Come in. Annabeth, you know where your room is." I nodded and went to my old room that I haven't seen in over a year. It looked the same as when I left; books scattered on the table, posters of characters on the walls, my bed unmade. The walls were still the same shade of silver. The tree was still near my window within reach of my small arms. My window is still big enough for about 7 people to fit in at once. It seemed as if no one's entered my room since I left – which is great; none of my things are out of place! I quickly dusted off my bed and crawled in, glad to be home. Ω 10 years old I leaned against the tree as I finished the book we were assigned to read. The task was to read the next three chapters but the book was interesting, sue me! "Watcha readin?" Said an unfamiliar voice. My head shot up, startled, and I saw a boy that reminded me of my friend Thalia. The boy had the same raven black hair and tan. The only difference I noticed was his eyes, a brilliant shade of green. Sea green with a mix of blue and… Beautiful , was the only thought in my brain. He reminded me of the ocean, and all things water related… Like the pond in front of me. My brain finally registered the question he asked as I stuttered my answer, "Oh, umm, it's for school." "What grade are you in?" He asked as he sat beside me under the shade against the tree. "Sixth." I answered a bit more confidently, looking him in his gorgeous eyes. "You don't look like you're in sixth grade…" I shrugged, "I skipped a grade; I'm supposed to be in fifth grade." He nodded and said, "I failed three times, I'm supposed to be in high school." I stared at his face for a moment seeing he was totally serious. Finally, he cracked a grin and said, "Kidding!" I giggled and asked, "What's your name?" "Percy Jackson." He responded, sticking his fist out. "Annabeth Chase." I said, bumping my fist with his. I was going to pull away when he took my hand and opened it and created a handshake. He sent me a cheeky grin afterwards and I think my stomach did a gymnastic routine. I rolled my eyes feigning annoyance as I asked, "So what grade are you actually in?" "Eighth." He answered as someone called his name. He looked at me and said, "I'll be back in a sec." I nodded as he left. He was talking to a blond dude that was holding a basketball. I looked over at the basketball court and saw a bunch of other guys waiting for the blond guy to bring the ball back. So he plays basketball… I thought as I pulled out another book from my book bag. "Boo!" I jumped and screamed but then I heard laughter. I opened my eyes – which closed when I screamed – and saw Percy laughing his ass off. "Oh hardy har har." I said as I rolled my eyes. "Sorry," He said, still laughing. "I'm sorry but that," he took a deep breath, "was hilarious." I punched him in the arm. I probably shouldn't have. I quickly retracted my hand and rubbed my knuckles and stared at him. "Ouch." I said out loud. He chuckled and tilted his head to the side, "Umm, sorry?" He looked down and rubbed his arm as he said, "You sure know how to punch." He took my fist and pressed it to his lips, "Sorry Beth." "So you play basketball?" I asked; tying to change the subject. "Yeah, that was my cousin. You know; the blond? Jason." "Do you do anything besides basketball?" I asked curiously. He nodded and looked up saying, "Gotta go, see ya later!" I stared blankly at my book before I decided to pack my things and go to my house. Ω "Happy Birthday!" "Huh?" I asked as my dad sat at the foot of my bed. "It's February… My birthday isn't for 5 months…" Dad looked down as he said, "I know but I realized that I forgot about your last birthday and I felt guilty… Also, your present was just lying around so I thought, now's a good time as any other." He gave me the box and left without another word. I blinked twice before I started opening the box. My blanket was dangling off the side of my bed as I shoved the wrapping paper on top of it. I looked inside the box and my mouth dropped. I looked at the card and it was dated July 12. It said: Happy Birthday! How does it feel to be double digits now? I'm proud of you; you're going to sixth grade! I decided, now that you're in junior high, you should be able to call or text us now since you may have something come up. Don't worry, the bills are paid and the data is unlimited. Keep in mind; I'll have to take this away from you if your grades start dropping. – F.C I grinned and started setting it up. I glanced back at my desk and saw my mom's old laptop sitting there. I had the urge to fire that up as well but decided against it. Ω "Hiya Beth." Percy greeted as he sat next to me. "Hey." I smiled at him as I leaned against the tree. He nodded to my new phone, "Can I see it?" I showed it to him but when he was going to touch it, I said, "You see with your eyes, Perce." He smiled fondly at me and put his palm out. I looked down at it, then at his face, then back at his palm and sighed dramatically and said, "If I must." As I gave him my phone. "Don't drop it in the water." I warned, since he was very close to the pond. He grinned at me; pulling me into his side so I was no longer against the tree as he put an arm around my shoulder. He took a picture and did something else. He gave me my phone back and I saw that he was on my contacts. I hadn't gotten to add my contacts yet so he's the only person on it. His name was saved as Hottie and the picture was really awesome; he got the pond just right and it was one of my only decent pictures. I blushed, moving back to my spot against the tree as I said, "Seriously?" He gave me his cheeky, lopsided grin as he said, "You may not have said it, but you and I both know you were thinking it." "Was not!" "Was too!" I shook my head as he nodded, "You totally were." I started packing my things as he chuckled, "I was kidding." I got up and smiled down at him, "I know; I have to go though." "I'll walk you." He said as a statement rather than a question. I laughed, "Alright Perce, you won't come and kill me in the middle of the night like a psycho ax maniac, right?" "Of course not." He stated as we walked to my house. "You know, that's exactly what someone would say if they were going to come and kill me in the middle of the night…" I said as I bumped my shoulder with his. "You're paranoid." "And you're an idiot" I countered, my eyes full of playfulness. "Love you too." He rolled his eyes as we got closer to my house. I bit my lip. Love never last, just look at my parents. If I want to keep this dude, I'm keeping him as my friend, not a boyfriend or