Sirius, Peter, and Remus were sat giggling at the Gryffindor table. Actually giggling. They were waiting excitedly for a reaction, and they weren't disappointed when they got it. "POTTER!" Lily Evans stood up, punching the table in anger "Calm down Lils, I'm sure it'll come out…" Sasha tried to sit the bright blue Lily back on the bench "I will not calm down! Those idiots put something in my food and I'm GOING to kill them this time" Lily stormed over to the opposite side of the hall to where three Marauders were now trying to keep straight faces. "Where's Potter? It was him wasn't it? I should've known!" Lily scowled, scouring the many shocked faces of students now looking directly at them in the Great Hall for James. "Actually it was…" Peter tried to explain but Lily cut him off. "Don't try to make excuses for him, it's sad enough he has to find pleasure through others suffering" Lily fumed. That was when James came into the Great Hall looking scared, one hand behind his back. Lily immediately ran up to him, almost running straight through Nearly Headless Nick who floated off disgruntled and moaning about never being noticed. Lily was closely followed by Sirius, Remus, and Peter, and slapped his shoulder leaving a blue mark. "Lily… I er… you're blue?" James stared in shock at her. "Of course I'm blue, you know I'm blue, what's that behind your back? Some stupid potion you made to dye skin?" Lily yanked his arm out from behind his back to reveal a rose. "Well, um, it's for you?" James held out the rose before looking at Lily's glare and putting the rose back behind his back "Or not" "Does this look like the time for a rose James?" Lily asked eyebrows raised, gesturing to her blue skin. Smiling, James thought he saw an opportunity and tapped her wrist making the blue totally disappear. "Is this the time?" James persisted. "For goodness sake James! You have no idea! You have tortured me for the past five years, that can't just be fixed with a single rose!" "Evans, he had nothing to do with the blue thing, give the guy a break!" Sirius butted in, standing in-between them. "I will not 'give the guy a break', it's not just the blue thing it's everything he HAS done, just last week you..." before Lily could finish her rant she was showered with vegetable peelings that Sirius had grabbed off a passing elf. Even the teachers now watching them, and even Peeves had turned away from torturing some first years to laugh, so Lily clenched her fists, turned around, and stormed out. "Curse the Marauders!" Lily murmured to herself as she picked out the carrot peelings from her hair as she lay face down at at the front of her bed in the Gryffindor dorms. Her close friend since first year, Sasha Betteridge, leaned up against her bed engrossed in an old muggle romance Lily had given her. "I think it's quite sweet what James does to impress you" Sasha mooned over all of the past advances James had made, from sending bouquets of flowers up to their dorm tied to him broomstick, to small packets of chocolate hidden on her stools before lessons. "It's not sweet Sasha" Lily sighed, rolling over and dangling her head over the edge "Sweet would mean not pulling pranks on me" "Lils, you know you're a great person and all, but you haven't got the best sense of humour" she chuckled putting the book down and turning to face her. "I just don't understand breaking the rules, that's hardly a bad thing!" Lily Evans was a simple girl, she liked nothing more than a cold winter day, a warm blanket, and an evening sat by the fireplace in the common room. After spending every school holiday caught up in petty arguments with her muggle sister Petunia, peace and quiet is all she needed, and that's the exact opposite of what the Marauders are. James Potter and Sirius Black were the worst of the bunch, constantly bickering with professors, plotting elaborate schemes with Peeves the ghost, and messing about Filch the caretaker. Remus Lupin was slightly more tolerable, always with his nose in a textbook, just a little too easily convinced to join the shenanigans, and Peter Pettigrew no-one ever really heard from, but whenever the other three were doing something stupid, you could be sure Peter would be closely following. It's not that Lily couldn't enjoy watching them challenge each other to bigger and bigger escapades, it was just the constant involvement of her that had provoked her stubborn side to never engage them in anything. "You know I just want to go through these seven years doing what I know, studying, and having comfy nights in, I don't care if it's bad that I don't like putting myself in life threatening situations" "If you're referring to their enchanted windsurfing on the lake, that was actually one of their greater ideas" Sasha pointed out "And I want it out there that you'd have liked it to if you were with the rest of us in the lake, not in a huff watching from the castle" Lily was about to make an argument for why she hadn't gone down to the lake when her other close friend, Kara Shaw, burst through their bedroom door and collapsed onto their bed panting, throwing a tattered piece of parchment onto Lily's bed "You're welcome" she grinned, waiting for them to check it out. "Oh Kara, I'm honoured, old parchment, for me?" Lily frowned at the blank parchment. "Not just any old parchment, my dearest friend, Marauder parchment" Lily's eyes immediately lit up, and after pulling Kara up off the floor and to her bed she unrolled it fully. "I see them with it all the time, never got a proper answer out of them, until now" Kara smirked. "There's got to be something hidden on it, do you know any revealing charms to try on it?" "Does a dog bark?" Lily laughed. "What's a dog?" Kara looked confused, Lily groaned at yet another muggle reference flying over her wizard friend's heads. "It's just a pet muggles have, anyway the point is of course I know a revealing spell," Lily flicked her wand out of her pocket and pointed it at the parchment "Disendium". As soon as the words left her mouth the parchment was covered in words. "Result!" Kara cried "What does it say?" "It says: Padfoot wants to say that Lily needs to work on her wand skills if she can't even work out the simplest revealing charms. Prongs adds that Lily is extremely nosey... no matter how pretty her nose is... not that the rest of her isn't very pretty... damn. Moony would also like to say that Kara is a dirty thief, and should never have taken the parchment that the idiot Lily tried to open Finally Wormtail wants to say that Sasha should stop poking her nose into the business of this parchment and carry on reading her awful book Yours faithfully Prongs, Padfoot, Moony, and Wormtail. "Who wants to put bets on who Prongs is" Sasha laughed as Kara gasped and snatched it out of her hands. "Even his spells are in loooove with you Lils" Kara mocked, waggling the paper in front of her "Oh he'll love to hear about this!" it was at times like this where Lily hated the fact that Kara, James, and Sirius had known each other since they were kids. "If they're pathetic enough to care so much about a piece of parchment then let them keep it" Lily sighed, pushing back her hair and rummaging through her bag for her Arithmancy essay. "Don't be such a kill joy" Kara moaned, throwing down the map and lying across Lily's desk to get her attention "Don't you just love getting one over of James Potter?" "Funnily enough I have more important things to do other than dedicate all of my time to one other person, unlike some people" Lily's fists automatically clenched when she thought of James. "Just live a little, fight back" Kara encouraged "Come on, pretend this pillow is his face" "I'm not doing that" Lily snatched the pillow off her and threw it across the room. "Don't pretend you didn't enjoy it" Kara wiggled her eyebrows at her waiting for a reaction, and she got it. "Right. If I here the name James Potter one more time I'm going to blow" She raged, shoving her work back into her bag after just two minutes of having it out, a record for Kara's annoyances. After shutting her bag she marched towards the door. "Lily lessons don't start for half an hour" Sasha tried to point out, but Lily would rather sit in a classroom on her own then put up with the thought of him. "Did you see the look on her face!" Roared Sirius in fits of laughter just after Lily stormed out of the Great Hall "I must say it's at times like this that I'm really glad Lily Evans is in our lives" "You didn't need to do that Padfoot" James murmured, pulling up a bench and nibbling at a raspberry scone. It was bad enough getting rejected by Lily for the billionth time, but watching her get hurt for it dug the knife in even deeper "Besides I think we should be more worried about Kara and that map" "Pfft, yeah, like they'll ever get into The Map, it was made by some of the greatest wizards of their time you know" he winked, but after getting no response from James he sighed and slapped James on the back "Look Prongsy, I don't like seeing my Marauders get hurt, yes it was a little unexpected but it definitely wasn't uncalled for" "You said that about the tarentalegra spell you put on her and she spent the entire charms lesson uncontrollably dancing" James cringed at the thought of it. "That's only because she ripped up your valentine card in her face!" Sirius argued, he hated seeing James get put down. "Only because you filled her bag with chocolate frogs right before she opened it" James pointed otut, wringing his hands and looking down as he remembered picking the bits of red card out of his hair. "Hey Prongs, look at me, if Lily Evans doesn't want you who cares? You're James freaking Potter, the best seeker Gryffindor's ever seen, a giant nerd genius, a prankster extraordinaire!" Sirius waited for the smile to appear of James' face before pulling him into a hug "Anyway, I think we both know it's us two who are destined to be together" He whispered in his ear before James batted him away laughing. "I feel like I've intruded on an intimate moment now" Remus cringed, shielding his eyes. "See Prongs, our love is too much for Moony to handle! I've also had a great idea, and it's definitely going to cheer you up" Sirius burst out, a mischievous grin spreading across his face. "Can you guys make it to the end of one meal without scheming?" Peter groaned, Sirius' plans almost always meant pranking, and pranking meant he would have to traipse around the castle carrying all of their flour, potions, or whatever ridiculous products they'd be using, and still get a detention when they were caught. "Wormtail, you're not seeing the bigger picture, we're at school, and our schemes always involve some spells or charms, so it's basically revision" Sirius explained as Remus and James nodded in a agreement around him "if you don't want to help then, and I don't want to exaggerate, but you're basically saying you don't want a future" "I... I suppose" Peter shrugged, digging into a pumpkin past instead of attempting to argue with Sirius. "Brilliant!" Sirius beamed, slapping Peter on the shoulder making him jump and