Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings, nor do I know any songs written by Noah and the Whale. I do not profit from their use, which is purely for entertainment. Original characters and places are products of my imagination and I hold ownership over them :) ENJOY! Grey eyes took in the White City for the first time since their owner defended its walls and people with his life. Low lying clouds parted to reveal slivers of sunlight that caught on the magnificent walls and pinnacle of the citadel, causing them to gleam in pearly splendor. Legolas could not stop the smile that spread across his face as he sat astride Arod, reflecting on how quickly ten years had passed. Beside him, a rider atop a pony trotted to a stop alongside him, calling out in a gruff voice. "Ah, at last! Come, elf, you cannot possibly tire as we are in sight of our destination. The King won't wait for us all day, you know." Legolas chose not to point out that it was he who had needed to halt to wait for his friend of lower stature. The woodland elf allowed Gimli to go ahead a ways without him, only to hear him call back. "I'm going to beat you there if you dawdle much longer!" The Prince used only the most polite, conscientious voice he could as he replied. "Oh, but I am only giving you a fair head start," chuckling as his delicately pointed ears picked up the dwarf's indignant sputtering. Without anymore prodding, Legolas gently urged Arod into an easy pace as he thought of his another friend awaiting him, the Gondor's king, Aragorn. They quickly drew close to the main gates, which were open, and as they approached, the companions could see by scanning the open plains that they were not the only guests arriving. Dotted across the landscape were a few wagons, a caravan, and groups and singular horses, all which bottled-necked into a line to enter the great city and transverse carefully up the levels of the city. Aragorn, and his queen, had extended an invitation-deservedly so, how could one celebrate peace without those who fought the hardest for it-to a celebration in honor of ten years of peace. As Legolas and Gimli rode carefully up each subsequent level, it became clear to Legolas that the people of this Kingdom were really beginning to thrive in this time of peace. As he saw the rebuilding of livelihoods lost from great violence and suffering, Legolas was reminded of his own people, many of which had set sail to the Undying Lands, never to return. It was to his understanding that his father wished for him to remain in Mirkwood after this visit and lead those of their people who chose to remain, which he would do without hesitation. However, it was becoming clear to Legolas that while other races began to flourish in the time after the War of the Ring, the time of Elves in this Middle Earth was naught. As they came upon the main courtyard in which stood the white tree, they were greeted with the site of scores of caravans, each from different regions of the Arda. The companions dismounted in front of the main doors, allowing an awaiting stable hand to lead their steeds away for water and feed. On his short walk into the great hall, Legolas picked up more dialects and ways of speech than he had ever heard and was in awe of the amount of people had gathered for the celebration. The hall was filled with innumerable people, and Legolas began to wonder what this visit held in store for them, and how a celebration which hadn't even begun could possibly hold even more people. "How are we supposed to find him?" Gimli grouched from beside him as he rose onto the tips of his toes, unable to see anything through the sea of bodies. Thanks to his height, Legolas was able to scan over most of the crowd, looking for a familiar face. His eyes fell on a familiar figure addressing a group of-he guessed from their style of dress-servants. Legolas gestured to his companion, and they wove their way through people until they came upon Arwen, who had yet to notice them as she was still facing away. Legolas placed a gentle hand on her shoulder and she spun, surprise and delight lighting her features as her eyes took in his face, as well as Gimli by his side. Arwen immediately enveloped both on them in warm hugs, though light, and as she pulled away, Legolas quickly noticed the swell of her belly accompanied by two protective, loving hands coming to rest lightly upon it. "It seems our Lord and Lady have been busy with more than just preparations for the celebration," Gimli joke with waggling bushy eyebrows, causing a startled laugh out the Prince and a blush from the Evenstar. Legolas gave his friend a small shove as the dwarf guffawed, giving Arwen an apologetic-if not amused-look. "What I think our Lord Dwarf means to say is that it seems congratulations are in order. Peace is not the only blessing that will bestowed upon you this year." Arwen beamed, positively glowing with happiness. This would be her and Aragorn's first child, and while the War of the Ring brought danger and challenges beyond compare, becoming a mother would be the greatest adventure and the sweetest journey she would ever take. Her mind now on her husband, she craned her pale neck. "I could have sworn I just-ah! There he is, right where I left him." The two weary travelers, who were still too excited at the prospect of reuniting with their friend and ally to realize their own fatigue, eagerly followed the Queen, who's moss coloured gown flowed gracefully around her as she strode towards her husband. Legolas looked ahead, and saw a group of three people, speaking jovially, one of which was Aragorn, eyes bright and full of mirth, and two of which were in strange garments, very unlike any of which he had seen before. While he was just barely out of Aragorn's eye line, the other two strangers were slightly away from him, one more in front of the other so he could only glimpse part of each. The farthest from him was obscured so much, all he could really make out were two things: he was a man, and he possessed a shocking mess of hair, salt-and-peppery, sticking up in all directions. The other man was much easier glance over and assess, being finally in full view for Legolas' sharp eyes. The man wore a black, long-sleeved tunic with intricate white patterning and gold trim that reached his knees. A vibrant red sash was tied around his waist, on the back of which was secured what looked to be a small dagger, the handle of which was golden and encrusted with one ruby jewel, the scabbard giving away the lethal curve of the blade. On the legs of this strange visitor were leggings that were golden in color and fitted close to the leg until they were interrupted mid-calf by black wrappings which gave way to flat-soled traveling boots of the same color. The figure's head was obscured from his view by a head covering, of which looked much more worn than any of the other clothing donned by the man, indigo in color, though the sun had bleached parts of it a much for reddened-violet. As his eyes left the stranger and found Aragorn again, the King's eyes met his, and he realized they nearly reached the trio. Noticing the person whom they had been speaking to had turned his attention elsewhere, the two strangers turned to follow Aragorn's gaze. It was then that Legolas was startled almost to the point of freezing on the spot, for looking over one shoulder with a soul searing gaze from beneath the indigo head covering was a woman of Harad. Her eyes, a bright, sea green with gold bursting from the void of her pupils, stood out sharply from her dark, bronzed skin. Unlike the concave bridges and upturned tips that were so common among the humans and elves he had seen, between her intense orbs was a straight bridge, across which were littered uneven, blotchy freckles. Her lips, as sun-kissed and browned as the rest of her face, parted as they came closer, ready to speak a greeting. "Legolas! Gimli!" exclaimed Aragorn, face splitting into a smile and arms opened wide as he approached his friends, giving each in turn each a hearty handshake and bear hug. For his wife, he placed a tender kiss on her cheek, and she smiled softly. "My friends, your journey went well I trust?" Aragorn inquired, taking Arwen's hand into the crook of his elbow. Legolas looked upon his friend, who's eyes glittered with excitement and who looked as if he hadn't changed one bit, save for the longer hair and fuller facial hair. Aragorn, though out of usual habit similar to that of Legolas, had his crown upon his brow this day, and probably would continue to keep it sitting atop his head throughout the festivities these next seven days and eight nights of celebration. It caught the light filtering through the windows and large door as he moved his head to look between Gimli and Legolas. "Aye, that it did. We would have been here soon had the elf not dilly-dallied through the woods," Gimli said. Movement caught moved in the corner of Legolas' sight, and his eyes again met those of the Harad woman, who was pulling back her head covering to hang about her neck and over one shoulder. Her hair, a dark, sooty brown streaks of russet from years in the sun, fell down her back in a whip-like braid, the top disheveled from wind and travel. The sounds of his friends chuckling at Gimli's jest at his expense reached his ears, and he tore his eyes away from the woman to return Gimli's jest. "May I relinquish my bow for my whole life if I lingered longer in Fangorn than you in the caverns of Helm's Deep." The company took a turn to chuckle at the dwarf while he turned flabbergasted eyes upon Legolas. "But, Legolas, the beauty of that forest holds no comparison to the magnificence of those caves!" "Is Gimli the son of Gloin considering those caverns more fair than the Lady of the Golden Wood?" Aragorn asked, remembering the words spoken by the dwarf upon their parting from Lorien. "Never!" Declared Gimli, reaching to his breast where Galadriel's gift lay interlaced with crystal. Aragorn gained their attention once more. "My friends, may I introduce you to the two leaders of one of the performing caravans: Baaüli," he gestured to the man with the wild hair, who's own indigo head covering hung loosely around his neck, and gesturing to the woman who's expression had softened with her smile, though the intensity of her gaze had Legolas almost missing her name as it was spoken. "Khaanenda." "My friends from the desert, allow me to introduce Gimli, son of Gloin, and Legolas of Greenwood," both humans smiled, while Gimli's eyes grew wide. "I am sorry," Gimli began as he realized he was staring and close to slack jawed-though Legolas was not much better, "Never had I seen men from Harad while not in battle," Gimli gave as an explanation, stumbling slightly over words. A velvety voice wove its way into his elven ears, and Legolas realized the woman, Khannenda, was speaking, her words accompanied by the lightest of accents. "Master Gimli, it is an honor. I haven't met a dwarf in quite sometime, though we used to have one in our company for about a year." She turned to Legolas, her vivid eyes met his, and somehow Legolas was finally able to find