Warning: Character Death A/N: This story is a lot darker than what I usually write, so if you don't feel up to reading it, I quite understand. Hopefully in another week or so, I will have the first chapter of another, more cheerful tale for you. The couple in this oneshot are the Éomer and Lothíriel from 'On the Wings of the Storm', however prior reading is not required to make sense of the story. oOo Promises Where now the horse and the rider? Where is the horn that was blowing? Where is the helm and the hauberk, and the bright hair flowing? (The Two Towers) Edoras, October Fourth Age 63 The sun was my enemy. Uncaring, implacable, pitiless. Racing up to take from me what was dearest in the world. If I could have stopped it from rising, I would have, even at the price of casting the whole world into darkness. But I did not have that kind of power. I was only a queen after all. "Curse you," I whispered. "Mother?" I turned away from the window, where the first rosy fingers of the dawn touched the snow shrouded peaks of the Ered Nimrais. Winter had come early this year. As it would now come to my heart. "I think he's waking up," Elfwine said. "I know." Of course he would wake up, with the sun rising over the mountains. After all, he always kept his promises. A promise first made on a winter morning, so many years ago, and then renewed every time we had to part. How well I remembered that day, a few months after our wedding, when he had ridden out with his men. Only to rid the West Mark of a band of marauding orcs, but you could die as easily a spear throw from home as you could in front of the Black Gates. "Every morning I will watch the rising sun and my thoughts will wing their way across the empty leagues to you," he had said, tightening Firefoot's girth. "I promise." The stallion's breath hung in the cold air like mist and all around us the last hurried preparations were made. Tack jingled and impatient hooves struck the cobbles, as the horses picked up their riders' mood. Éomer took my chin in his hand. "Lothíriel, do not worry. I will come home to you safely," he said, his teeth flashing in a confident grin. His other hand settled on my rounded belly possessively. "After all, I wouldn't want to miss the birth of my heir." I leant into him, as much as my condition would allow. "You had better not!" Briefly I considered pleading with him to stay, to leave this dangerous business of hunting down cornered creatures to his Marshals. But then how could I tie him to my apron strings in such a manner? His need to protect those under his care ran deep – nobody knew that better than myself. Éomer kissed me with his usual thoroughness and taking his time about it. Still, his men could hardly leave without him. Finally, he gently disengaged my arms from around his neck. "You have to let go now, Lothíriel." I blushed, though most of his men had discretely turned their backs on us, and beckoned to Aescwyn, one of my ladies-in-waiting. With the other women of the household, she stood in the shadow of the gate to Edoras, holding a tray of drinking horns in her hands. I took one of them and held it out to a serving girl to fill it with mead. While the other women dispersed through the crowd, offering the stirrup cup to the riders, I turned back to my husband. He had mounted Firefoot and the stallion chewed on his bit, eager for a run, but Éomer curbed him effortlessly. "Ferthu Éomer hál," I said, reaching up to hand him the horn. "Health be with you at your going and your coming." Our fingers touched briefly as he lifted the horn to his lips. I stroked the stallion's grey coat, rough with his winter growth. "Bear your lord safely back to me." Firefoot snorted as if to reproach me for my doubts. Of course he would. Éomer bent down to hand me back the empty horn. "Remember my promise, Lothíriel, and think of me at sunrise." Swallowing down the fear in my throat, I nodded and gave him my best smile. "I will." He lifted his helmet from where it hung on his saddle and slid it over his head. "We ride, Eorlingas!" he shouted. The white horsetail streamed out behind him as he spurred his stallion. With the clatter of hooves and the excited neighing of horses, the éored strung itself out behind him, heading at a canter for the fords over the Snowbourne. By the time I had climbed the hill to Meduseld and stood on the terrace, they had reached the Great West Road, and raced the shadows that the sun threw before them. "Mother?" The soft question called me back to the present. Elfwine had been no more than a bump in my belly then, keeping me awake with his kicks at night. Now he was a man grown, a king-to-be, tempered in Aragorn's wars in the east. Oh, how the time had raced us by! Too quickly, far too quickly. A cough from the big bed that dominated the room sent me rushing over. I sat down on the side of it and bent to examine my husband. Éomer still slept, but just as Elfwine had said, he was getting restless in his slumber. His skin was hot and dry to the touch when I felt his forehead. After dipping a cloth in a ewer of water, I wrung it out and wiped it gently across his face. Still a strong, purposeful face, even after losing weight these last few weeks. And immeasurably dear. I traced a scar high on his cheek, left by a Southron blade. We had been lucky that day. After all these years, I knew every expression that could chase across his features. His famous anger of course, quick to flare and feared by his enemies, but with me ending more often in a heated kiss than not. Fear for those under his care and grief at the passing of friends, but mostly I remembered laughter and joy. I smiled through the tears that gathered at the corners of my eyes and blurred my vision. How much joy we'd had. A hand closed on mine and squeezed it. Startled I looked up to meet Éomer's dark eyes. Their keen gaze had not faded with the years; he could still seize up a man in an instant. Or a woman. "Lothíriel?" "I'm here." He struggled up against his cushions and it hurt to see the effort it took him. "And where..." Elfwine leant forward and assisted him. "I'm here, Father," he said. Éomer relaxed against his cushions again. "Good." Taking a flagon of water, I poured a small measure in a cup and held it to his lips. He took a couple of swallows, but that was all. Probably more to please me than anything else. His eyes moved to the window, where the sky had turned a light blue, the colour of duck eggs. "Dawn is coming." "It's still far off," I protested. "It is coming." I bent my head, letting my hair fall forward so it would hide my face. His last sunrise. I had known of course, ever since he had insisted last night on seeing all his children and grandchildren, down to the youngest of them, Oswy, no more than a babe-in-arms, carried in by his mother. Éomer had stroked a finger across the baby's downy cheek and I had seen in his eyes that he did not expect to ever do so again. The same with his few remaining childhood friends and with the two hobbits he had met in the war and who were sojourning with us for a while on their journey to Gondor. Was it my turn now to bid good-bye? "Dear heart, you're still so beautiful," he said, his breath laboured. "No white in your hair." I grasped his hand. "Please, Éomer, you must save your strength." He ignored my admonition. "I remember... the first time I saw you...emerging out of the mist." A cough racked him. "Knew it then...you were the one." A weak grin. "Just took me a while...to convince you." I fought down the tears that threatened to spoil my composure. How like Éomer to tease me even now. "It did not take you long to convince me," I corrected him, "it just took a long time for me to admit as much." We shared a smile. I had found that of late my memories of recent happenings faded quickly, but those long ago events were jewel bright in my mind as if the sun had shone brighter then. Being escorted to Edoras by him on a golden autumn day and stopping over in one of the villages, that fateful Yule feast, meeting him again outside Drúadan Forest, and of course our wedding that same summer. Éomer beckoned Elfwine closer. "Promise me...take care of your mother." Elfwine gripped his other hand and I saw his jaw working. "I promise, Father." His voice was steady and true, though. Another cough shook Éomer. "Sword," he whispered. What was he talking about? But Elfwine, being a warrior too, understood better than I. He rose and fetched Éomer's sword from where it hung in its customary place on his weapons stand. Kneeling by the bed, he held the scabbard out flat on his hands and presented it to his father. Éomer's fingers closed on the hilt and for a moment he gripped it with his old strength. "Gúthwinë." His hold relaxed. "Yours now. Take it." Elfwine hesitated. The sword had been Éomer's constant companion, his battle friend, wielded on the Pelennor and many other battlefields. A legend in itself. "Yours," Éomer insisted, "I leave the Mark in good hands." At that Elfwine bent his head and rising, fastened the scabbard to his belt. "I will honour your trust." Éomer closed his eyes, his chest rising and falling rapidly, as if the brief conversation had exhausted him. Around his eyes, lines of pain cut deep, but he had never been one to complain. Another glance at the window showed a few high clouds rimmed with gold already. Halt your course, I wailed at the sun. But I had no power to stop time, measured out by one rasping breath after another. The only thing worse than having to listen to them was to imagine them ceased. He must have felt my hand trembling in his. "Come here," he whispered and reached out for me. I flew into his arms, laying my head on his chest, but careful not to put too much weight on him. My home, my shelter from the storms of the world. He smelt of the camphor I had rubbed on to ease his breathing, but below that lingered a trace of that particular Éomer-smell, a mixture of horse, sweat and the oil used to keep his chainmail from rusting. A smell that had meant safety to me all my adult life. His hands stroked across my back in a caress. "We've had a good share..." he said slowly, "...lived a full life." My face hidden against his chest, I nodded. But in my heart I knew that a thousand years would not have been enough. Not enough! Yet I also knew how blessed I'd been. How often had I stood on that terrace, watching him ride away, my heart fearing an orc axe or a Southron spear. Others might think him invulnerable, but I knew better, for I'd seen the pain and the blood. Yet always he had come home to me, sometimes crawling into my bed in the middle of the