Letters to Edoras Dol Amroth, September 1st 3019 My Lord King, I trust this letter finds you in good health. My father has informed me of your kind offer of marriage, conveyed to him during his recent visit to Rohan when he attended the funeral of your late uncle, King Théoden. I am honoured to accept and assure you that I will endeavour to be a good wife to you and a suitable queen to your people. Please let me also express my sincere thanks for your beautiful engagement present. The goblet is a testimony to Rohirric workmanship and I am proud to use it. With my best wishes for your good health, Lothíriel, Princess of Dol Amroth Dol Amroth, October 20th 3019 My Lord King, I trust this letter finds you in good health. How fares Rohan? My father has told me about the difficult times you are facing, trying to rebuild the houses and farms destroyed by Saruman's armies. I sincerely hope the harvest has fulfilled your expectations and I am sure you will manage to bring your people safely through the coming winter. I am reluctant to disturb you with my personal concerns when I know how busy you are, but my father is sending a message anyway so I thought I might include this letter. You see, I have a favour to beg of you: when I come to Rohan in the spring for our wedding, may I bring my dog with me? He's a sweet little thing, very well behaved, and I assure you he will not trouble you at all. I am sorry to bother you with such a trivial request, but the matter has been preying on my mind lately. With my best wishes for your good health, Lothíriel, Princess of Dol Amroth Dol Amroth, November 5th My Lord King, Thank you very much for your kind permission to bring Draug with me when I move to Rohan. He really is a very good-natured dog and does not destroy things anymore as he did when a puppy. But I seem to have given you the misconception that he is a lapdog, which is not the case. I received him as a present for my sixteenth birthday and he hails from Harad where his kind is used for hunting gazelles because of their turn of speed. On the flat Draug can actually outrace Morwen for short distances. But please forgive my idle chatter. I just wanted to pen a quick thank-you note for your messenger to take back with him when he leaves in the morning. Lothíriel, Princess of Dol Amroth Dol Amroth, November 19th My Lord King, It was only a pair of boots that Draug chewed when he was a puppy. Unfortunately they were my brother Amrothos's favourite pair and quite beyond repair by the time we noticed them gone. I believe it was because of the leather tassels, which looked so inviting to a dog. But anyway, nowadays the only mischief he gets up to is chasing gulls whenever we go for a ride. (Draug I mean) Morwen is my mare. She's the most gorgeous creature, completely black except for a white star on her forehead, which is supposed to bring luck. Another birthday present from my father, she is seven years old and has the loveliest eyes, like liquid dark honey. I wish you could see her: a delicately shaped head with flared nostrils, velvet coat, clean legs, good conformation and really fast. Also she will jump anything – she just throws her heart over it! But I did not mean to bore you with a description of my horse, forgive me. Do you mind her being called Morwen? I have recently read that this was the name of your grandmother, but maybe I could get the horse used to another name? I can bring her with me, can't I? I'm already looking forward to seeing the famous grey steeds of the Rohirrim and going riding across the plains. Anyway, I only meant to write a quick reply, as I know your man is waiting to return to Rohan in the morning. Lothíriel, Princess of Dol Amroth Dol Amroth, December 2nd My Lord King, Is it really impossible to bore you with horse-talk? I very much enjoyed reading about Firefoot, he sounds like a magnificent warhorse and a great character as well. Did he really race away from you when you first met him and it took you three days to catch him? I'm looking forward to making his acquaintance. (And of course also his master's) Also I'm relieved to hear you do not object to my mare being called Morwen. The name really suits her and it might be difficult to get her used to another one. I am including a drawing I have made of her head with this letter. Only of course in reality she's much prettier! My sister-in-law and I went shopping yesterday to buy fabric for my wedding gown. Miriel is my brother Elphir's wife and has excellent taste. Also she knows all the best places to go and took me to this little shop on Market Square. The entrance is tiny, but then you go along a short corridor leading through the main part of the house and into a small courtyard ringed with half a dozen storerooms crammed full with cloth of every conceivable colour. You should have seen the silks they brought out for our inspection! Some were so thin they seemed to float on the air, others thickly encrusted with embroidery or shot through with gold thread. And the colours! Shimmering like butterfly wings. I felt like some exotic dancer from Harad when they draped them around me. However, Miriel said that I should go for a traditional dark red as it suits my colouring, so that's what I bought. I also got the material for your wedding shirt (linen) and I wondered if you could send me an old shirt of yours so I can use it as a pattern? Miriel reckons you're about the same size as Elphir, but I want to get it exactly right. Would the design of a lion be agreeable to you? I understand it's your personal emblem. Anyway, a servant just knocked on the door to say that your courier is ready to go so I have to finish. Lothíriel P.S. I've just reread this letter and it seems to concern itself almost exclusively with clothes. I would not blame you if you decided I was too frivolous to become Queen of Rohan! But I assure you I have other things in my mind as well, in fact I've been reading up on my future country. P.P.S. And I'm pleased to hear you do not own any boots with tassels. In my opinion it was my brother's fault anyway, for leaving the door to his quarters open. The sheerest invitation to having his boots chewed, don't you think? Dol Amroth, December 14th My Lord King, Well I'm glad that you still have every intention of marrying me! And that you liked the picture of Morwen. As for sending one of myself, I include one I drew a couple of months ago. It is actually quite difficult to draw a picture of oneself, because you have to sit in front of a mirror to do so, but Miriel thinks it is a good likeness, especially the eyes. Just disregard the nose as I had a spot of trouble with that. Also please ignore the scribblings on the margins of my letters, it's a bad habit of mine that I'm trying to break. Amrothos keeps teasing me about it. Reading about your desk facing south towards the Ered Nimrais and Dol Amroth made me decide to have mine moved around so that it looks out the north window, instead of west across the sea. On a clear day I like to think that I can spot a smudge on the horizon, which are the mountains. I wonder what you are doing at this moment? Riding perhaps, or in council with your advisors? As for myself, I went for a walk along the beach at the bottom of the cliffs this morning. When the tide is out it stretches sandy and flat for miles and you can collect all sorts of interesting things like shells and seeds washed up from distant lands. When we were children we used to try and plant them in my mother's garden, but nothing ever grew. I suppose the salt water kills them. I have a whole collection of bits of flotsam on my windowsill that I have amassed over the years. I'm not allowed to go riding out at the moment unless one of my brothers accompanies me, because a couple of corsair ships were spotted off the coast last week. Unfortunately all three brothers are rather busy, so I'm mostly stuck inside. I've been running the keep since my eighteenth birthday, but recently handed that over to Miriel so she gets some practice while I'm still around. As a result I have nothing much to do anymore. At least I started on your wedding shirt. I have to admit it was the strangest feeling holding the shirt you sent me in my hands, seeing the patches where somebody (your sister?) had mended it and smelling it. Not that it smelled! Oh dear, please forgive me, I think I'm making a hash of my letter again. Father always tells me to keep it short and simple, but somehow I never manage to. What I meant to say is that the shirt suddenly made you real. I know this is silly after all the letters going to and fro, but it's just different to hold something you actually wore. I wish now I'd gone to Minas Tirith for King Elessar's wedding and met you there, but at the time Dol Amroth was full of refugees and somebody had to help look after things. As poor Miriel had not seen her husband for over three months I volunteered to stay. So you see, all I know about you is from second hand information. In fact I asked my brothers about you when my father told me about the betrothal, but I have to say they weren't very helpful, going on endlessly about your fighting prowess. But Miriel said you had a nice smile, so that cheered me up. And now I have to finish, for it is growing late. Draug has been stretched out in front of the fireplace this hour or more, fast asleep and snoring away happily, so I think I'll follow his example. (Sleeping I mean, not snoring. At least I don't think I snore.) Lothíriel P.S. And don't worry about me missing the sea. It's true that the sight of it is beautiful, but what you wrote about the plains of Rohan being like a sea of grass now really makes me want to see it. Shall I let you in on an awful family secret? Here it is: I get terribly seasick. All my brothers are born sailors and I just have to look at a boat to start feeling queasy! Dol Amroth, December 25th My Lord King, I'm afraid your letter does not find me in very good health, so please forgive me if I keep my reply short. I caught a cold and have been in bed with a fever the last two days. Now I'm aching all over in the most disagreeable manner and my head feels like it's been stuffed with wool. And why do all possets have to taste like they're made from - well, never mind. Forgive me, I will have to reply another time. Lothíriel Dol Amroth, January 5th Dear King Éomer, I have a suspicion you are going to spoil me rotten! So many presents! I really don't deserve them. I have the fur cloak wrapped around me as I'm