Life Debts Chapter 1 I try not to think about the day ahead as I braid my hair back and stuff my feet into my hunting shoes. Cinna has sent some clothes for me to wear to the reaping today but I forgo them until the last possible minute. They feel like funeral clothes. Two more children will be given a death sentence this year. No matter who wins or dies in the arena, there are no winners. Haymitch and I both got the raw end of the deal when it comes to surviving. For the Tributes who die, the torture ends. Those of us who win the Games… we are perpetual players that are never left alone. The day of my reaping Haymitch saw me throw a knife at him on the train and he knew I had potential to win. I told Haymitch to be straight with me about the Games and to not hold back. According to Haymitch, the biggest joke about the Hunger Games is that there is no victor. The 24 children who are reaped have a chance at becoming a Victor but then they are forced to mentor, for the rest of their lives, the new Tributes who will likely die. This is why Haymitch has turned to liquor. Each Victor finds a way to deal with the aftermath of survival. The lives we have taken in the arena and the deaths of the Tributes they have mentored continuously haunt the thoughts and dreams of us Victors. My name had been selected four years ago out of all the girls of District 12. I was only somewhat surprised. My name had been entered plenty times to make the odds unlikely. It was the only way to get food, signing up for the tesserae. When my father died, I was 8 years old. My mother shut down. She was a non-functioning for nearly a year. I had no choice but to step up and take over as the head of the household. I rationed out what little food we had. When the food ran out, we nearly starved to death. I was selling our possessions left and right but there was no one to buy. We hadn't eaten anything in two days when I realized that I could scavenge the garbage bins of the merchant's homes for leftover foods. I was coming up empty handed but refused to go home and see my mother and younger sister Prim, their faces hollow with hunger. That's when it happened. The baker's wife came out the back door, screaming at me. I was just an 8 year-old-girl looking for a scrap of food but she had no compassion for me. I could see a boy behind her in the doorway of the bakery, his hands lingering on a batch of dough that he had been kneading. I backed away, weak from hunger, and stumbled to the ground. I was too weak to get back up so I crawled to a nearby tree that was out of the baker's wife's sight. I rarely ever cry, even then, but that day would have been an exception if I hadn't been dehydrated. The thought of failing my mother and Prim was more than I could take. I was desperate to find a way to give them something to eat but was out of resources. I heard the baker's wife start up again, the sound muted by the closed back door. I heard the horrible sound of something being struck. It was the sound of metal on skin. I gathered that someone had burned something in the over. I felt sorry for whomever it was that the baker's wife had hit. She had never been a nice person. My father always seems to pity the baker because his wife was such a difficult person to get along with. Any time we ever traded the game that my father hunted, it was always to the baker's wife and the trades were never in our favor. I once asked my father why we couldn't simply deal to the baker when his wife wasn't around but he simply shook his head and never answered. I heard the back door open and the harpy's voice blasted out of the confines of the shop. I was so weak I didn't even raise my head to see what was going on. I saw out the corner of my eye the shuffling of a pair of shoes near me. It was Peeta Mellark, the youngest of the baker's three sons. Peeta was in my year at school but I did not know him personally. He was always surrounded by a group of friends, laughing cheerfully. I saw that his eye was already swelling shut and I watched him tear off the blacked scorch marks on the two loaves of bread that he had burned. He tossed the black parts into the pig pen near where I was slumped against the tree. Without looking at me, he tossed the two loaves onto the ground near me. One of them rolled next to me. Startled, I looked up. Peeta was staring out at something in the distance. It looked as though he wanted to say something but he must have changed his mind. He simply turned and walked away. I gathered the food and took off for home, half stumbling and half walking. The idea of food for Prim and Mother was renewing. Had Peeta burned the bread on purpose? I had a feeling that he had felt sorry for me. I hated being pitied but since it would keep Prim from dying I was willing to do whatever I could. The next day at school I waited until the end of the day to catch Peeta alone. It was a difficult task because he was so friendly that people were always swarmed around him, unlike me. People avoided me and my scowl. I opened my mouth, prepared to tell him thank you and to apologize for the huge black eye that was there because of me but the words wouldn't come. He looked at me and shrugged his shoulders. It was as though he knew what I had been trying to say and was shrugging to tell me that he thought nothing of his actions. I looked down, embarrassed that I couldn't even find the words to thank the boy with the bread who had saved three people's lives with his act of kindness. I was ashamed that I could even say "Thank you" to a boy who took a beating for me. I saw a dandelion in the ground and remembered what my father said about them being edible. I suddenly knew what I could do to keep my family alive. I picked the flower and handed it to Peeta. His brow creased as he accepted my gift, confused by my actions. I smiled at him. The first genuine smile I had smiled in a year. He smiled back as I walked away. After that day I began hunting. I had been taught well by my father in the ways of hunting but I had also been trained to never go under the fence surrounding District 12 without him. Now, I thought of what he would think if he knew I was doing this two times a day sometimes. When faced with the idea of being executed for poaching off the Capitol's land or starving I chose to risk hunting. I have never regretted my actions. It was difficult, hunting. I struggled at first. A eight year old hunting to feed three people was a constant strain. We managed to survive. We were always hungry and we were always unsatisfied but we ate enough every other day to get by those first few years after my father died. I met Gale in the woods when I was ten. He had lost his father in the same coal mining accident I had lost mine in. He, too, had realized that he could feed his family by hunting in the woods. After we crossed paths enough, we teamed up and began doing a lot better. We began trading and splitting the profits as was fair. He had three siblings and a mother to feed while I only had two extra mouths. Gale was three years older than I was and we both knew that our futures were not bright. Gale because he would always have to help his mother to feed his two brothers and one sister. Me because my mother had shut down and I was the only one working to feed her and Prim. As soon as we had been able to, Gale and I both signed up for the tesserae as many times as necessary to put food on the table. This is the reason I was only mildly shocked rather than in denial when my name was chosen at my first reaping. I was twelve years old and my name had been put in for the reaping 13 times already. Gale at 15 had his name in 30 times. I knew I would be reaped eventually since the number of times your name gets put in doubles every year and I had taken tesserae out 12 times to earn enough food for my family plus the one automatic entry that went in as soon as I turned 12. I just thought it would be when I was older. At twelve there was no way I could be considered a contender in the games when there were others who were 18 and huge. When Haymitch, the only victor alive from our district, recognized that I had potential, he warned me that winning was the wrong path. He told me I'd be better off finding a decent way to die in the arena but I had promised Prim I would come home. Nothing could be worse than the thought of Prim starving to death after I was gone. Gale had promised to take care of my family if I was reaped in the same way I had promised to help his. There was only so much one person could do for 7 people. If I won, at least Prim would be able to live and have a life. That is why I am where I am today. Haymitch, who had turned to liquor in the days following his own victory, stayed sober long enough to coach me through mine. The other contestants were so much bigger and older than I was that no one paid me any attention. I was a plain-looking girl from the Seam in the worst district of all Panem. I had a stylist who was able to keep me looking attractive enough but at 12 there's only so much he could do for me. My costumes were by far better than all of the other tributes'. The sponsors want a tribute who will guarantee a good show, though. Not some girl who looks like she would be the first to die in the bloodbath at the Cornucopia. That was part of Haymitch's strategy, though. District 12 had been such a laughing stock that playing meek was easy. I was quiet and scornful during my interview and I knew that I would be getting no sponsors. Haymitch promised that as soon as I made it to the final 8, the offers would come rolling in. I had a talent that no one could have guessed: I could hunt. Many of the career tributes had been raised for slaughter, thinking that the games were a great honor. The rest of the tributes are horror-struck at having been reaped and have little skills at all. During my games I was faster than all the other tributes. I was able to secure a bow and sheath of arrows before I disappeared into the forest. I picked a tree near the edge and scaled it. I picked off the career