This fic is for CrazyCookieChick. I hope you like this, because I enjoyed writing it! (I own nothing except the plot and the title page.) ~ ҉ ~ Untouchable ҉ ҉ ҉ Nico di Angelo had always wanted to go to the surface. Not that he wanted to leave his kingdom—he had his province to care for now that his father was away on business across the sea. It was merely an age-old fantasy of his born from stories he was told as a child. The moon , his mother had told him, smile-wrinkles edging her face, is a giant orb in the sky—stark silver and glittering on the ripples of the water. She always told this story while she was tying back her hair because of the moon pendant she had. Nico had asked where she had come about it, and she always smiled secretively and said I'll tell you that story when you're older, child. And then she would continue her tale: Up on the surface the earth is warmed by the sun. The brother of the moon—that's who the sun is. He's a tad brasher than she, but with his rays he brings life and vitality to the surface world. Imagine our gemstones—the greens and reds and blues and yellows—imagine all of those everywhere on the surface world. It is almost magical. Child Nico gasped without fail at that part, no matter how many times the tale was retold. His mind would take him away, to the surface. Where emeralds grew from the earth as trees and gem-encrusted flowers littered the earth below it. Enraptured, he would end up ignoring the rest of his mother's story, coaxed back into reality with her warm, patient laugher. You are such a special child, she told him. Her eyes glimmered warmly, edged silver under the magic lights imbedded in the walls. Nico imagined each orb to be a child of the moon, and he felt he held a piece of the surface whenever he handled gems. You have such love in your heart for a world you don't even know. I wish I could be the same. She ruffled his hair, careful not to snag her fingers in the tiny crown curling around his forehead. Then she shooed him off, back into the palace to play. His mother died before he even hit his teenaged years. He thought on this now bitterly, looking out over the terrace. The palace courtyard greeted him with flickering plant lights, all the colors of precious stones. They were gifts from the surface and gifts from other sea provinces. All of it was worthless to Nico. He just wanted to visit the surface. Just once. If he did, then Nico felt like he would be fulfilling his mother's wish. The prince sighed, bubbles foaming from his mouth, and stared surface-ward. The water was the color of ink down on the ocean floor, the idea of light above merely a dream to Nico. But still—he knew what was up there. His mother had never once lied to him. Neither had his sister, for that matter. That was one thing they and Nico's father had nothing in common. Nico watched life swim along above him. Things were peaceful. Surely life could go on exactly the same without him, so why didn't he try? There was nothing stopping him—especially with his father out of the picture. Emotion bubbled in his chest, threatening to release. A picture formed in his mind: the sun in all of its brilliance, shining down above him. The heat beating down, warming his shoulders and drying his hair. Or the moon—its silver radiance standing in the sky in silent vigil, watching over the ocean with one careful eye. Both were up there. Waiting. Fueled by that motivation, Nico darted back into the palace. Before anything else—he had to find the witch. ҉ ҉ ҉ Will Solace had always wanted to see a sunrise. There was something poetic about it—to stand in the presence of such a mighty force that it would burn him to a crisp. He had seen the paintings, the remembrances. Pieces finished with such carelessness that it seemed almost unnecessary—that it was such a normal occurrence that the beauty had been sucked right out of it. The paintings were gorgeous nonetheless, if dull. And that made Will want to see the sunrise even more—if only to catch one glimpse of its beauty. It wasn't as if there was much else to live for. He looked at his hands. Really looked at them. They were papery, wrinkled, almost translucent. He clenched them into fists, watching dead veins stretch and sag under his skin. He looked, breathed, and even felt dead. Life was being leached right out of his body—and all because of himself. But he couldn't bear to be the cause of someone else's death. Not again. He could still remember the pain in piercing clarity—a little girl screaming over her dead father's body, blood smearing her hands and her face. She was blonde, like Will. She had blue eyes. Like Will. She was the same as he was, except good. Whole. Human . And his friends had killed her to shut her up. Will had almost vomited the blood he had guzzled earlier. What was the point of living that way? All they were doing was hurting people. The humans killed animals and plants to survive—and vampires killed humans, in turn, to survive. But all they did was hurt other people. There was no middle ground. So he had stopped feeding, no matter how the urges clenched his stomach. He couldn't bear the screams anymore; he couldn't bear how his victims fought back until it was too late. Hated the sound of that rattling, wet gurgling sound that was their final breath. In fact, he could live out his dying days happily without even having to look at a human ever again. But his friends were growing antsy around him. Worry always clouded their features, and confusion always pushed them to ask questions. Questions Will really didn't want to answer. He had lived a long time. Several thousand years if he had to guess, but time became fuzzy after he had been turned. He used to be a pirate, sailing the seas and fighting every ship he came across. Well, actually, he had been more of a cabin boy than a pirate, but his skills with medicine had saved the crew's life more times than not. That had been what had attracted the vampires to him. He could cleanse blood of disease. He could enhance the flavor . That had been his first job as a vampire, before he had grown enough sense to go rogue. The thought of what he had done twisted at his insides now, and he was glad for not having any blood in his system. It would have covered his friend's nice yacht, and even he wasn't that cruel to his friends. He swallowed dryly. He didn't want to be there. His friends were taking him out to try, once again, to get him to feed. It would be the last attempt, he was certain, before they finally gave up on him. He just had to sit around and not jump at the smell of spilled blood—at the delicious heat of the victims. Someone jabbed him in the shoulder, and he looked up. Cecil's red-rimmed pupils stared back at him. "You okay, man? Holding up alright?" Cecil was the only one, other than Lou Ellen, that really sympathized with Will's issue. So Will mustered up a smile, but it was sure to look gruesome. "Not too well," he admitted. He glanced around the yacht at the others who were pointedly ignoring him. "I would rather be on the ground. The water burns my skin." Cecil nodded. "Yeah. Me too, man. But this is the easiest way to get away with group hunts anymore. We'll just have to deal with the water. Just, well…don't fall in." "Thanks," Will replied bitterly. A horn blared far over the sea, drawing Will's attention from his friend. The vampires' goal was outlined in fog: a whaling ship. He could see the humans scurrying around even from across the sea, even with his dying vision. An uneasy sensation started up in his stomach as their scent touched his nose over the smell of salt. He gripped the edge of the yacht, trying to steady himself. They hadn't even arrived, and he could already hear their screams in his mind. ҉ ҉ ҉ "Saphira? Saphira, are you there?" Nico called, cupping his hands around his mouth. In front of him was a wall of sheer cliff, a cave camouflaged with magic carved into the rock. Gently glowing seaweed stirred in the current, hedging the cave. A voice picked up from inside: "Nico? Oh, Nico! You've finally come to visit!" Nico could feel the magic guarding the cave drop. Just as suddenly, he was enveloped in a hug by a rather overenthusiastic mermaid. Startled but pleased, he laughed. "It's good to see you too, Saphira. How have you been?" "Four months!" she answered, drawing back with an angry huff. "Four months of no word, and that's all you have to say to me? Shame on you, Nico! For shame!" Nico rubbed the back of his head. His shoulders drooped—would this mean she'd be too angry with him to help him out? He really hadn't meant to stop talking to her for so long. "Forgive me, Saphira. You know I wasn't trying to avoid you." To be honest, he had completely lost track of time. With his father away, he had to take over most of his duties. That had drained most of his already-limited free time. He internally winced at the look she gave him. She wasn't going to let him live it down—not for a long time. "I really am sorry, Saphira," Nico said again for good measure. "I won't let it happen again, alright? Promise." Saphira didn't look like she believed him, but she let it die for the moment. Instead, she headed for the more pressing matter at hand: "You're here to ask for my help, aren't you?" Nico nodded, cringing when her eyes flashed with hurt. "You can't just come visit for the sake of visiting ? Come on, Nico! What are friends for?" "I know that, Saphira," Nico murmured. He took sudden interest in the dark depths below them. "I really am sorry. I haven't had a free moment like this in a long time—and I snuck away to get this. I just…I need your help. You're the only one who can tell me about…about the surface." Saphira's eyes cleared. The wing-like fins on her back flinched with her revelation. "So that's it," she said, eyes widening. Her mouth slowly curled up into a smile. "You're finally going to go, then. To the surface?" At his nod her excitement rose tenfold. "Come, come inside!" she squealed, parting the kelp at the mouth of her cave. "You have no idea how long I've waited for this moment!" A smile played at the corners of Nico's mouth, but it was far more tentative than Saphira's expression. He felt like he had narrowly dodged a bullet. "You've waited for this? For how long?" The mermaid waved a dismissive hand. "Oh, not very long. Five years at most." Nico sputtered. " Five years ?!" Saphira ignored the merman's exclamation and dragged him into the cave. It was filled with glowing gems just as the palace was, with the difference of illuminated plants and fish. Nico watched as a baby jellyfish maneuvered its way to its glowing brethren on the other side of the cave, making sure no more of the poisonous little devils were near him before he proceeded. Deeming the area clear enough, he allowed himself to be dragged further into his friend's home. There was a cauldron with bubbling contents at