Disclaimer: Nico and Will are not mine. The plot, however, is. ~ΨΩΨ~ Gwillym Prologue: Hunter KNIGHTS WANTED! A dragon has been witnessed flying off with the cattle of our local ranchers, and the stealing has been occurring closer and closer to town in each passing. Our people are beginning to fear for their safety. Any group of knights willing to venture out to slay the foul beast will be paid handsomely should they return with its head. For more information, go to the Delvwin bar in the southeast section of town, and turn into the alley. Go into the only door there. God bless you, kind souls. The city of Delvwin Nico hummed under his breath as he read the post, before ripping it from the bulletin to inspect it a little closer. They weren't very clear exactly what the knights would have to deal with, were they? With a sigh, he rubbed his chin and fingered the stubble starting to grow there. With an impatient whicker, the black-haired man's horse bumped the back of his head with its muzzle. Nico chuckled a little under his breath and turned to his steed. "Easy there, Blackjack," he murmured, stroking his jet-black nose. "Let me think." Blackjack bobbed his head and whinnied softly, swishing his tail. He stuck his nose into the pack over Nico's shoulder. Nico batted the horse away. "No treats yet," he said plainly. Then he looked down at his hunting dog Mrs. O'Leary and sighed when he saw her sitting beside Blackjack with a begging look on her face. "We'll eat soon enough," Nico tried to soothe them. "But I'm out of money and running low on supplies, so we need a slaying job before we can buy any food. Can the two of you wait?" Blackjack whickered and Mrs. O'Leary bowed her head. Nico nodded, and looked back at the notice, then to the bulletin. He exhaled slowly. "Alright," he whispered, adjusting the pack over his shoulder. "Southeastern part of town. That's not too far from here." He nodded to his only friends. "Go try to find some food for yourselves. I can walk there, no problem. But don't stray too far, alright?" Mrs. O'Leary barked and leapt to her feet, tail wagging and tongue lolling as she began to pant happily. Blackjack reared his head and bounced playfully on light hooves, and the two of them trotted off for the edge of town. With a small, grim smile, Nico's free hand slid instinctively to the sheath at his hip, and he set off to the bar. People didn't even spare the man a glance as they bustled about, but the occasional one shooting a wary look skyward, revealing to Nico that the notice had been right on at least one point thus far. Upon walking up to the bar, Nico located and walked down the alley at its side, and looked for the door. It was camouflaged almost completely in the shadows, and the secrecy of the placing had his grip tightening on his sword. With silent feet, he made his way to that door and gently opened it, careful not to make a single noise. As he did so, he readied his sword hand for a quick draw, should anything threatening be waiting on the other side. "I know yer there." Nico froze, letting the door swing the rest of the way open. Wood clunk ed deafeningly against brick. The speaker was a man sitting hunched in a chair, elbowed leaning heavily into the dining table that separated the two men. Nico and the man, a blond under a blanket of mud and grime, gauged each other for a few moments. The blond stood. "I 'ake ih yer 'ere 'cause of the pos'?" He nodded to the scrap of paper in Nico's hand. Then he cocked his head to the side. "Yer know, I dih say a grou' of knigh's when I wroh tha'. An' I don' see one." Nico said nothing. The man leaned forward, bracing his hands on the table. "Whuh's a boy like yer goin' 'oo do agains' a dragon, hm? Yer bla'e may look fancy, buh tha' means noth'n." "I'm not a boy!" Nico spouted without thought. Teeth were missing from the blond's grin. "Ah, yer no', eh?" The black-haired man bristled and clamped his mouth shut. "'Erhaps youn' man, then? Yer looks 'oo be abou' se'en'een, eigh'een?" "Twenty," Nico corrected, deathly quiet. The blond laughed. "Yer small for yer age, kih!" "Just give me the details about the dragon, and I can be on my way," Nico snapped. But the man would have none of that. "Wha's yer name?" Nico narrowed his eyes. The blond chuckled again. "I'm Oc'avian," he held out a hand. "Who're yer?" "Nico." Nico didn't take Octavian's hand. "Can you just get on with it?" "Why're yer so willin' 'oo go off an' geh yerself kille'?" Octavian's grin widened, showing off his missing teeth even more. Bile rose in Nico's throat. "Tryin' to im'ress some woman of yers?" Nico rolled his eyes. "That's none of your concern. Now tell me what I want, or you end up with a sword down your throat." He drew his sword with a flourish. "Aye, aye," Octavian sighed, not seeming all that concerned. He pulled out a slip of parchment from seemingly nowhere and unfolded it. "The dra'on slaugh'ering the ca'hle is always sigh'ed north of the ou'skir's of 'own." He handed the paper to Nico, who saw that it was a crudely drawn map of the town and a road stretching northward. "Follow tha' road 'oo the moun'ains, and you'll be near ih. Sa'ly, no one has mana'ed 'oo find ihs nes'. We canno' 'ell if the beas' is a male or female, an' the colorin' of the beas' is un'lear, bein' as ih only s'rihes a' nigh'. Sigh'in's say ihs a golden s'aled feer-breather." Nico was finding it harder and harder to understand the guy, but he nodded as though he had understood every word. A fire breather up in the northern mountains—that at least gave Nico some hint as to what it was he was up against. "What color fire?" he wondered. Octavian frowned. "Eh, boy? Feer co'or? Why is tha' so impor'an'?" "Determines the rank of the dragon," Nico explained, sighing. "The kingdom never told anyone about it, did they? Well, you have the no-fire dragons at the bottom, the smoke breathers, and then the fire-breathers that spit red, orange, yellow, blue, and white fire. The poison-spitters are at the same rank as the white fires. You said this dragon was a fire-breather?" Octavian nodded. "No one mentioned the feer co'or," he admitted. "It's fine," Nico stated dully. He turned to the door. "I'll take my leave, and hope my path crosses with your dragon. How much is the reward?" Octavian's grin returned. "'Oo thousan'." "Three," Nico corrected, and left. Sheathing his sword, he left the alley and whistled for his horse and dog, heading north. They came bounding in shortly, so Nico could mount Blackjack and take off at a trot in the direction of the road on Octavian's map. It better not be a hoax, Nico thought darkly. Or that man's going to be Mrs. O'Leary's next meal. He grinned at the image that left in his head. The sun was reaching its midday peak by the time Nico rode Blackjack to the path drawn on the map, and Nico could figure the trek would take at least two days to get to the mountains and back, plus another day depending on how long it took to slay the dragon. The thought made him cringe a bit, like it always did. But it was becoming easier for him to come to terms with it, so he wouldn't hesitate and get his head bitten off like what almost happened the first few times he went to kill a beast. Deeper down the road, Mrs. O'Leary leapt in front of Blackjack and crouched down, growing at the road ahead. Nico's horse stopped with a displeased snort, but otherwise made no noise. Nico gazed into the forest around them intently, reaching for the hilt of his sword. The mountains were right above them, and it was only evening. Were they there already ? Mrs. O'Leary crept forward cautiously, snuffling the ground as Blackjack followed close behind. His horse lowered his own head, paying close attention to Nico's hunting dog as she checked their surroundings. Silently, Nico drew his sword. Lifting her tail, Mrs. O'Leary's head shot up and pointed to one side of the path. She's picked up its scent, Nico thought. The black-haired man freed his other hand from Blackjack's reins and snapped his fingers. In an instant, both his dog and his horse bolted into the forest. He crouched low against Blackjack and tucked his sword against his side, angled so it was always at the ready but not slicing his skin. Even then, the branches occasionally whacked at him and tore into his cloak. The ride was short and swift before Nico's dog slowed to a trot, the fur on her haunches raised. They were nearing the mountain's base, where the bottom river met a steep incline. The perfect habitat for dragons—a nest where they're close to water while also being difficult for enemies to get to them. Unfortunately for the dragon, Nico was used to those sorts of places. The man took a glance at the lowering sun, and gauged the sunlight to last at least two or three more hours. Plenty of time to find a route to the cave, wherever it is, Nico reasoned, jumping off Blackjack's saddle with his sword still drawn. He addressed the mountainside intently. "Where do you smell it?" the man whispered to Mrs. O'Leary. "Directly ahead? To the side? Behind? Where is the nest?" The large hunting dog sniffed and padded onwards. Directly ahead, then? Nico patted Blackjack's neck and told him to stay there until they came back before following after Mrs. O'Leary. He shouldered his emergency-supply pack with a well-earned grimace. Even if he knew how to scale steep mountainsides, it didn't mean he had to enjoy it. Especially fording through the river at the base in order to even reach it! That took quite a bit of walking, (At the very least mountain rivers were less water and more rushing, so it wasn't too difficult to find a rock bed in the current. Though the water was as cold as the icy pits of hell, in Nico's opinion) but at least they managed to cross before the sun started to set. Nico didn't want to try following his dog or finding his horse in complete darkness. Nico and Mrs. O'Leary climbed the mountain slowly, every so often changing direction as the hunting dog's scent trail veered off to a different area. The wall of stone looked empty to the black-haired man, but he knew how much dragons preferred camouflaging their nests. If Nico had been a dragon, he would have had a cave in an area like that, too. Anything other than to have your head struck off by a puny mortal, after all. But he wasn't a dragon, and he had to strike off that head. Otherwise, he wouldn't be able to feed and shelter himself and his companions. He couldn't spare any time to feel sympathy for that dragon—it stole food, so it had to die. Simple as that. The man breathed a sigh of discomfort when Mrs. O'Leary pawed the ground and unearthed a section of the chasm apparently housing the dragon. With a pressure in his gut much like the weight of a rock, he readied his sword. He wasn't looking forward to seeing the beast, the fire, or the blood. Anything but the blood. But he helped his hound dig a hole large enough in the nest for them to squeeze inside, and crawled in, sword in front