1. Chapter 1: The Incredible Small Box Calypso stared at the sky. It was also blue but now there were some black clouds coming from the East. Might the storm'll raise soon, she thought. And she felt the true storm have raised in her soul for nearly days. Cause' why? Leo was working, maybe doing something. Calypso didn't know. That's the question. But she knew this: he have been in his working room for 3 days without coming outside. Calyso walked to the door with the words 'On working. Please don't come in.' She knocked the door, said " Leo, you wanted to been there forever?" A voice came from the another side of the door " Uh. Calypso, can't you just wait for me? You've asked that stupid question for 14 times since the day I've been here. Can you just stop?". " Nope", said Calypso. Always like that. No better results. Nothing. Calypso was talking in her mind. She was really depressed. And sad, too. She walked to her room and laid on her bed. She slowly went to her sleep. Next morning, she walked to Leo's room again, with resolved. She knocked on his door " Leo, if you don't want to get out, I'll try anything to get you out of there." Leo's voice came out from the room " Go away, Calypso. I'm nearly finish my machine." . A machine? He's making a machine? For days? Calypso surprised with the all the thoughts in her mind, both old and new. Then she asked other questions to find out. " So, which's machine? Does it like the one you built last month?" " Nope. This machine will make the world know my name!" " Really?" said Calypso with more surprised. She also believe in others, specialy Leo. And plus, she can't imagine how it make Leo become famous. " Yup. So let me done this work." said Leo. " OK. But can I see it?" " Nope." " Oh Leo, please!" " Still no." " Please!" " That doesn't working." " I'll give you what you want." " Are you telling the truth?" " I am not a liar. I'll keep my promised." " OK, you're such a curious girl." " Thanks Leo!" said Calypso with thrilled. The door clicked, then opened and Leo appeared in front of Calypso eyes. He looked very dirty. So did the room he stayed in. There were some old machines in here. And, " What's the hell with you?" said Calypso. " Nothing. It's just dust. Let me show you my masterpieces!" Calypso pointed at a little small box on Leo's desk at the left corner in the room. It's pretty cute, with the color golden yellow but she was not sure it was make by real gold. " Is that your masterpieces?" asked Calypso. " Well done, Calypso. How do you know that?" said Leo with surprised. " I just guess. Something special in this room must be it." Leo walked to his desk, took the little box, turned back to Calypso and handed it to her. " Whoa, it's really..." " Cool, right?" said the son of Hephaestus. " Yes. But how do we use it?" asked Calypso. Leo pressed a button in the top of the box, said " Turn into a car." The box changed it shape from a little small box into a big car, but still had the color golden yellow. " Awesome!" said Calypso with both thrilled and surprised. " Not really. This box can't change it shape into somethings too small." " Like what?" " Maybe a phone or somethings like that, or smaller than that." 2. Chapter 2: Something Had Happened The next few days, Calypso still saw Leo working with his box. All day long in his room were the sounds of hammer, tools and a lot of other noises that made Calypso felt a little bit nervous. But now his door room didn't lock anymore, so Calypso can go inside if she want. " Hey Valdez, need some help?" Calypso smiled, sat down next to Leo. " Why?" asked Leo. " Cause' you're tired. You should take a break." said Calypso. " That's true", Leo stopped working, stared at her " But can you do it?" " Oh, I can try." said Calypso. " OK, here you are. Try to put it into that tiny hole." " Let me do it." said Calypso with her smiled on her face. " I should take some fresh air." said Leo with tired. Leo walked outside the room, that made Calypso felt surprised this was the first time he went outside his room since the day he started making this box, until now. For a long time , she thought. The next days, everything were like usual. Leo often let Calypso help him with his working and that was really good. But something had happened. It went in a cold winter morning when Leo was busy with his little box ( with a little help from Calypso). " I think it need some energy." said Leo with a little discomfort. " Electricity. Maybe it will work." said Calypso. " I don't think so, it might be dangerous but, just try." agreed from Leo. Calypso took a deep breath. "Let's try "said Leo. He pressed the button ' Electricity ' and suddenly the box explored! The whole room looked like ruins. Leo and Calypso were pushed down by the explosion. " Are you OK, Calypso?" Leo quickly ran to her. " I'm OK." said Calypso with a little pain in her left arm. " Look! Leo, the box!" Calypso screamed in scared when she looked onto Leo's desk. The box was still there. The box with the color golden yellow was still there, on Leo's desk. " I think the interrupted was from inside the box." Leo said in surprised, or scared, or both of them. "But how it came outside without making the box explored? How?". However, after that day, Leo and Calypso were still working with that box, but definitely a little nervous when they saw the box changed it shape. That was not too scared. But this was too scared: after the explosion of the box, Calypso felt some strange in her house. A lot of times she felt like someone was talking in Leo's working room when he came outside. But anytime she looked into his room, she saw nothing except the little box on Leo's desk. Sometimes she talked to Leo about that but he didn't care. That made Calypso scared. Even Leo didn't believe her. And one time, she went to Leo's working room. When she stepped inside, she saw the box had the color dark red and then it turned to black! . She thought it was a Leo's trick so she didn't care. But when she heard Leo said " I didn't come to that room for these days.", she felt very frightened. What have happened? , she said to herself. 3. Chapter 3: Monster Inside Calypso knew it was a unusual box, which was dangerous for her. And Leo, too. Why doesn't he listen to me? she thought. What was a difficult situation to solve, specially, with Calypso. Calypso tried convinced Leo at many time. " Leo, something bad have happened... Hey, are you listening to me?" always were too familiar to Leo. But, his answer were also too familiar to Calypso. " Nope. I'm working. " Always were that. Anything have to come, it'll come , Calypso thought. And on these days, Leo had to finish his incredible box. And he did it. Well done, Leo! But when Calypso touched the box, it turned the color from golden yellow to bright green and then it turned to black with the spikes were growing. It seemed to attack Calypso. It's too dangerous , Calypso thought and she didn't want to touch it anymore. Finally came the spring, after the whole long winter. But it was still cold. Not cold, it was cool. And Leo wanted to show his masterpiece to his friends in both Camp Half-Blood and Camp Jupiter. He invited them to his house. Of course, by e-mails. Calypso was watering a tree in her garden as a gardener when she heard a knock at her door house. She walked to her front yard and opened it. " Hey Calypso! " Annabeth grinned. " We've finally came here. After a big practise at our camp." said Percy and Piper at the same time. " Whoa, what's a surprised. You guy came here to visit us?" Calypso grinned. " Oh, Leo didn't tell you about this, did he?" said Jason with a little dissapointed on his face. " I don't know." Calypso said with a little bit sad on her face. " Anyway," said Percy with thrilled " Leo told us on e-mails he had made a incredibble box and he wanted to show us today." " Is that true?" asked Calypso. " Yup." said Hazel. " OK, let's come inside. We don't want everyone have to stay here forever." said Annabeth. Calypso and the Stolls walked inside. They were talking all the way. " So Calypso, what is Leo doing at the moment?" asked Frank. " He's doing something in his room." said Calypso. "Why don't you go and find out?" "Good idea!" said Frank. " Hey Calypso, what's that box like? Something will make the world know his name?" Piper snickered. " Of course yes, cause' it was made by the great son of Hephaestus." Percy grinned with a wicked face. " My best friend!" Jason yelled and ran to Leo when he saw his friend. " Long time no see, Leo!" said Percy with glad. " C'mon, guy! I need to show you this." Leo grinned. Leo went to his room, pushed the door and walked inside. Calypso and thee Stolls walked behind him. Leo stepped on the floor, he turned on the switch. All the ruins slowly appeared in front of their eyes. This made they felt a little frightened. " I bet that if Nico was here, he would say this place is as scared as his father palace." said Jason. " Yes, that's true. Even worse than that." said Percy with a haunted voice." I bet there are some mystery secrets are hiding somewhere in this room." He was trying to make someone scared. " Stop that, Percy, don't make me scared!" said Piper with frightened. " Beauty Queen, is that too scared for you?" Leo snickered. " Seaweed Brain, that isn't too scared." said Annabeth." They're just old machines." " Leo used to use them sometimes, but they have broken." said Calypso. " Yup. I didn't use them anymore, for a very long time ago." said Leo at the front." But I'm feeling something strange here. Not like the usual." Suddenly, Piper screamed and quickly hid behind Jason. " What's that, Piper?" Calypso asked her when she was hiding behind Jason. " Look...look at that!" Piper pointed at Leo's working desk at the left corner of the room, with fear on her eyes. There was...nothing on that desk. " What's wrong with you, Piper? Look! Nothing on that desk." said Hazel with disappointed. " I...I just saw it! It had the color golden yellow turned to bright green and then dark with sharp spikes on it back! I saw it was moving from the window to the desk. And then, nothing on that desk when you turned back." said Piper, still too scared. " What's it can be?" Leo tapped a finger on his chin, asked himself. " Hey, that is it! It must be your incredible box, Leo!" said Calypso. " No, it isn't. My box can't do this!" Leo said, surprised and scared. " Look, Leo. That's the truth. A few days ago, I've touched it and it seemed to attack me. With the color