Entry for the Last Ship Sailing Competition II Ship: Katie/Marcus Round 2 Prompts: (AU) Mad Scientist!AU (object) knife (color) pastel blue Thank you so much to my amazing fellow Wanderers Kage and Ally, who betaed and Ally helped to get the final polish and find a title :) I hope you all enjoy it, I'm looking forward to your opinions! Crazy Comes In Twos Marcus Flint rolled his eyes about the annoying tune that was coming from the speakers in the elevator – he already knew that the song would be stuck in his head for the rest of the day. Turning towards the mirror spanning over the whole back of the car, he checked his tie before glancing down at his watch, noting with satisfaction that he was five minutes early. This interview was way too important to be late or have a flaw in his appearance. It was the kind of opportunity that you only got once in your life, and he didn't want to mess it up – one of the most renowned scientists of the underground scene was searching for an assistant. Or rather, for someone who would get their hands dirty for them. Because the underground scene of unethical scientists, part-time tyrants and wannabe conquerors certainly needed people who were willing to do things that were cruel and unimaginable for the average citizen. There weren't many people in the world who knew about the amount of money that were flowing for these outcasts; even though society had officially banished them for their methods and their beliefs, governments and intelligence agencies still were highly interested in taking advantage of their work. Doctor Bell was one of the stars of the underground, so to speak – an expert in various fields regarding the human body, the doctor was the first address for anybody who planned to use effective torture, mind-control techniques or just required an illegal kidney transplant. Everyone spoke of the doctor's brilliant mind, their creativity in finding solutions and their willingness to push boundaries in the name of science, regardless which inhumane experiments were required. Some feared Doctor Bell, calling them mad – to others, they were one of the greatest minds of the century. However, not many people had ever met Doctor Bell in person, and those who had had either been sedated for surgery already or had died during experiments. Nobody knew what kind of person they really were – only their work spoke for them. The doctor remained a ghost, only contactable through third parties that received their instructions via email and worked with mailboxes and drop off points. Thus applying for the job had several interesting points for Marcus; not only was the offered payment and housing a huge improvement from his current job situation, but also would he have the rare opportunity to meet this mysterious doctor. The elevator came to a stop smoothly and yet it ripped Marcus from his thoughts; giving his tie a last pat, he stepped out of the car and into the fancy large combined entrance area and sitting room of the penthouse. A woman with a tablet computer was standing only a few feet away from the elevator, smiling at him politely. "Mister Flint, we have been waiting for you. The doctor will see you in a few minutes, you may take a seat if you want." Marcus nodded at her before moving over to one of the pastel blue leather armchairs, trying to appear as natural as possible as he sat down – he wasn't used to wearing suits, and he hoped that the doctor wouldn't demand them to become his work attire. No matter how good they looked, they were highly impractical for him, and it was hard to get bloodstains out of suit jackets on his own. Dry cleaners were just asking too many questions in his opinion. Suddenly, the door leading to one of the other rooms of the penthouse is thrown open, and a huge, muscular man who looked like he could frighten even the hardest fellow came out, tears running down his cheeks. A horrible, strangled sob escaped him and Marcus couldn't help but stare with wide eyes, barely able to believe that this was real. "Think twice before going in there! This is madness! You better leave as long as you can!" Irritation shot through Marcus as he watched the man hurry over to the waiting elevator. His gaze flickered to the lady who'd greeted him, but she appeared to be completely unbothered by the incident. Her smile was just as polite and relaxed as it had been when he'd arrived, and her voice was just as smooth as she said: "I wish you a pleasant day, Mister Robson. Mister Flint, the doctor will interview you now." She gestured towards the still open door and Marcus felt a little bit of nervosity fluttering in his stomach as he stood up and buttoned his suit jacket, clearing his throat. Whoever this doctor was, they were probably intimidating and open about their plans if they were able to throw a man like that off his game in such ways. While Marcus was positive that he was confident and experienced enough in the scene to handle whatever was awaiting him, he still needed to take another deep breath before entering the room. It was obviously an office, the walls covered by bookcases that reached the ceiling; a large front of windows allowed plenty of light to stream in and offered an amazing view of the London skyline. In the middle of the room was a huge desk made of steel and glass, and he could barely hide his surprise when the person sitting behind it didn't look like anything he'd expected. Whenever he'd thought of the legendary Doctor Bell he'd pictured a man in his forties, maybe with some bodily marks that increased his desire to stay out of the spotlight, glasses... However, the person was a woman around his age, intelligent brown eyes gliding over him scrutinising while her expression was even, calm but observing. He could tell that she was analysing him, and he might have felt like she could read his thoughts for a moment when he had to admit to himself that she was a beautiful woman – in that second her eyebrow raised briefly. Her appearance was perfect, not one hair out of place and not one crease in the black dress. So this was the doctor everyone in the underground respected without ever having met them... her. Again, definitely not whom he'd expected, but he still felt greatly impressed – her presence had an air of superiority, and the respect he'd felt because of her work didn't falter at all. "Mister Flint. If you would sit down, I don't have much time." Her voice pulled him back into reality and he could see that her fingers were tapping on the polished glass surface of the desk. "Yes, of course," he quickly replied and walked over to the only chair in the room apart from hers – it was oddly mismatched with the other furniture, making him assume that she normally wasn't accommodating visitors in her office. "I would like to thank you for inviting me to this interview. It's a very interesting off-" "Mister Flint, let's just cut the small talk. I don't appreciate it and I can tell that you're not a man of words, but of actions. That's the kind of person I need in my team, not someone who'll annoy me day in day out with their babbling." "Understood." He decided that short, precise answers were what she wanted, and he honestly preferred that kind of communication as well. No unnecessary information, no questions about private life; just business. "Your resume looks promising, Mister Flint. I would like to remind you that I'm looking for someone who follows my orders exactly and doesn't have a problem with aiding in unethical experiments. I see you don't have any scientific experience?" "No, ma'am. Will that be a problem?" Marcus straightened his back a bit more, hoping to appear confident enough to work through any problems she should have with his qualifications. Doctor Bell shook her head, eye darting down to his resume for a second. "No, it's not an requirement, though it would have been convenient for me. I assume you don't have problems with seeing blood, organs or other human remains?" He could barely keep himself from raising an eyebrow at her and ask her if she was serious – during his time with the Royal Army he'd seen enough things to watch even the cruelest torture. "That's correct. No problem at all." "Good." "Have you ever disobeyed orders from your boss?" "No, I'm the muscle, not the brain, Ma'am." Her eyebrow rose briefly and she scribbled something down on the notepad lying in front of her. "Any recurring health problems, like immune system weaknesses that would make being close to a lab dangerous?" "Not that I know." "Would you describe yourself as immoral?" "Uh, yes, definitely." She continued to ask him questions about his work ethics and if there were things he wouldn't be able to do; a little later she even briefly brushed the topic private relationships interfering with his professional life and Marcus got the impression that she was slowly analysing his psychological profile through his answers. Knowing that she was more than capable of finding out more about the way he ticked only through his answers made him feel at least a bit uncomfortable; thus he was more than happy when she ultimately said that they were done. "Well, Mister Flint, I've made my decision. I would like to hire you if you would be able to start next week," she said with the faintest trace of a smile playing around the corners of her lips. Marcus hesitated for a moment, unsure if she was serious, but then he nodded. "Thank you for the opportunity, ma'am." "Aida will sit down with you to talk you through the contract and inform you about everything you'll need to know before you start," Doctor Bell explained while standing up – his signal to leave. Marcus stretched his arm to offer her his hand, and she hesitated a long moment before shaking it. Her skin felt so soft against his, and he caught himself looking at her lips for a moment; he hurried to slap himself out of this daze and scolded himself. Unprofessional behaviour even before he'd signed the contract – great work. Fortunately she didn't show any reaction to that, though he was absolutely sure that she'd noticed his glance, and he released a little breath when the door to her office closed behind him. Aida was still in the entrance area, the same smile from earlier on her face – that really started to get creepy in his opinion – and motioned for him to take a seat again. Marcus wasn't really that surprised when he saw the contract lying on the coffee table. "Congratulations, Mister Flint, I hope you'll feel comfortable here. I would like to ask you to send the contract back to me before your first day, signed. I shall explain some of your duties and responsibilities to you now, feel free to interrupt me if something remains unclear to you." OoO One week later, Marcus exited the elevator at the penthouse level once again, feeling equally nervous as the last time, though today it was also laced with some excitement. Shouldering the big gym bag that contained all his clothes and personal belongings, he walked into the entrance area, not surprised at all to find Aida waiting for him. "Welcome back. Please follow me, I shall show you your private area and then Doctor Bell would like to see you." Marcus just nodded, once again feeling like Aida simply couldn't be human; the way she talked and walked was completely natural, but very emotionless and