A/N: Oops. I wasn't able to proofread properly. I wrote this in three days, though, because I'm a super slow writer. It's not much for some of you, but it's the longest oneshot I've ever written. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it! At first, it had been flattering. Suspicious, but flattering. Not like Nico would ever admit that he was the slightest bit flattered by some stranger's attention. It was merely a side effect of the novelty of someone staring at him with something other than fear, distaste, or judgment. Nothing more than that. The guy wasn't even his type. Rather, for the most part, Nico considered himself indifferent , but if identification was absolutely necessary, he would admit that his type would —because this was, after all, hypothetical —consist of guys with dark hair and sea-green eyes, perfect smiles and a penchant for bad jokes. Usually out of his league. Heh. He wouldn't know about usually , actually. He'd only ever liked one guy, after all, and said guy didn't even know that he was gay. Anyway, within a few days, the stranger's blatant staring simmered from flattering to creepy. And he was Nico di Angelo . If anything, he tended to creep people out, not the other way around. Based on this, he could only conclude that whoever you were, too much of someone staring at you like you were a piece of medium-rare steak would make you at least a little uncomfortable. Unless you were into that sort of thing. Nico grimaced at the thought. And people called him creepy. Honestly. The desire to march over, tell the guy to cut it out, he was creepy, and Nico wasn't interested was almost overwhelming and only growing with every second that passed. But so was the desire to not cause a scene or draw attention, so he settled for sending his Death Glare of Doom™ over his shoulder in five minute intervals. If his luck was good, the guy might give up and leave. Hopefully never come back. But really, when was the last time that his luck had been good? (Hint: He couldn't remember.) A part of him wasn't even surprised when one evening, after a week of passive-aggressive surveillance, Nico spotted the stranger seated at Nico's usual table. Still, the sight made him stop only three feet past the stately oak doors, and it made him release an exasperated noise that was somewhere between a groan, a grumble, and a curse word. His feet were quick to carry him to the other side of the library. Never mind that said side was a little more illuminated than the one that Nico usually frequented and, hence, attracted more people. It was a Friday night anyway, so barely any library-goers were present as opposed to the usual. Heavy footfalls. Expensive cologne that made his nose twitch. Nico sighed again. The stranger came over just as he was actually getting into his book. Good timing, man. The guy made himself at home on the seat right next to Nico's, even when there were five other chairs facing the particular table alone. He shifted the seat so that he was even closer to Nico than he had been. Nico bristled and shot him a scowl. Had he no shame? His response came in the form of a sleazy smile and a, "Hey, baby." He leaned closer. Nico leaned back. "So, I'm pretty sure you've noticed all this tension between us." "I haven't, actually," he replied with the driest tone that he could muster. The stranger laughed, as if Nico had just told him an extremely funny joke. He wasn't bad-looking, really. In fact, if Nico were looser about things like this, he would admit that the guy was actually pretty cute. Probably popular with ladies and gentlemen alike, what with his rugged, chiseled features, brown, a-little-too-long hair, football player body (he was even wearing a varsity jacket , for God's sake; how stereotypical could you get?), and forward attitude. But… "You're funny, baby. And I was thinking, hey, why don't we release some of the tension? My apartment's just down the street, but I'm fine with doing it in here, too. It's pretty dark between the bookshelves and no one goes to the History section. That enough privacy for you?" He leaned forward again, grin widening. "'Cause I'm pretty sure you're just as excited as I am and we might not be able to hold back before we get there, you know?" Then he did this low chuckle thing that he probably thought was sexy. Nico wasn't interested in sleeping with someone he barely knew, he was a sleaze, he wasn't Nico's type, and he was a sleaze. Like, who propositioned sex to random strangers? On that thought, how did he even know that Nico was gay? Was he that obvious? He was pretty sure that he was good at hiding it. The list of the people he had told consisted of three people: Bianca, Hazel, and Reyna, and he knew that they would never betray his trust. Or maybe the guy actually didn't know that Nico was gay, and he was the type of person who asked anyway. And he was confident, too. How considerate. "You don't have to worry about protection, too. I've got condoms, so you won't get like, gonorrhea or something. Not like I have gonorrhea," he leered, "but even if I had, I bet you—" Nico couldn't take this anymore. "I'm not interested." "Playing hard-to-get, are we?" He did that chuckle thing again. It was getting on Nico's nerves. "But I know you're lying, baby. You want me as much as I want you. If you didn't want me, then why did you stay near your table and shoot me all those glances? "Seriously?" Was this guy for real? "I was glaring at you. And you can't just expect me to give up my favorite table just because some nearby creeper's eye-fucking me. But then you even got me to actually move across the library. Take a hint." And he's about to stand up and move to another table, preferably one nearer to the elderly librarian who didn't even seem to notice that something was going on, when the sleaze actually grabs his forearm. "Baby, playing hard-to-get can be hot and all, but you're seriously testing my patience here. I always get what I want. Trust me, I'll make you feel so go—" A wave of revulsion washes over him and his vision drowns in red . He yanks back his arm and steps back, fists clenched and book completely forgotten on the table. His mouth tasted like copper and salt and too late he realized that he had been biting it this whole time, but the taste was nothing compared to the bile rising from his stomach. "Don't touch me!" Finally, the guy seemed to realize that Nico really wasn't interested. Did that deter him? No. But he had only taken one menacing step forward before Nico felt the presence of someone else beside him. One of his cronies…? Nico's heart dropped to his stomach. Maybe he could have fought the pervert off, but two of them? There was a really small chance of him succeeding, and he really didn't want to bring the old woman behind the counter into this. "Sweetheart," said an unfamiliar voice. Sweetheart? Me? "Sorry I'm late. The prof's lecture went on longer than usual." … What? Slowly, he turned his head. Nico's own eyes were shrouded, shadowed, and so dark that you could barely see the brown in them. It was almost impossible for just anyone to tell what lurked behind his irises—a fact that he certainly took advantage of—for if the eyes were the windows to the soul, then his soul must be really dark. Or at least it had really dark curtains. But the eyes that met his gaze head on were the opposite. Startlingly bright and blue; and they reminded him of the sky from his childhood back in rural Italy. Thoughts flitted across them like clouds on a sunny sky, clear as day, and if eyes could speak these ones would be shouting, Just go with it! Oh. Now Nico understood what he was doing. "…Sweetheart? Are you mad at me?" There was a look of such contrition in those eyes and there was no other word for it other than sincere . Nico wondered if he was a theater major. "I'm really sorry for being late again, but the prof—" "No, uh, it's fine," he mumbled, and it took all his self-control not to laugh out loud or cringe at how bad he was at this. The pervert was staring at them. Was that look one of shock, or skepticism? Pessimist that he was, Nico gulped, because, oh, great, he wasn't going to believe them, was he? And the other guy seemed to have sensed it, too, because he placed his arm around Nico's waist. The act was gentle and deliberate, but it still took all his willpower not to tense or let any sign of discomfort surface on his facial features. It would be embarrassing to the nth power. Nico felt his heart rate speed up—was that even possible? —and his blood flow from all the other parts of his body to his cheeks. But nevertheless, he shifted closer to his pseudo-boyfriend (trust him to be able to get a boyfriend only under circumstances such as these) and kissed him on the cheek. "…I'm not mad." "I'm glad," and he could hear the smile in that voice, but he was far too preoccupied with staring at anywhere other than his left to look, "Do you need anything?" This time, the voice was directed at Nico's harasser, friendly and amiable still but with more than a hint of protectiveness. Whether the kiss had convinced him or he had finally decided to give up, Nico couldn't tell. But that didn't matter, because after one last glare, the stranger stomped away. The college student's gaze traced him as he made his way through the maze of tables and chairs and finally, outside. A sigh of relief escaped his lips, and for the first time that day, he found that he was able to relax completely. The sound of someone clearing his throat snapped him out of his mini-celebration, and it was with another blush—so he'd turned into a damsel in distress now, huh—that he realized that the stranger's arm was still around his waist, fingertips resting lightly on his hipbone. His touch was warm. It took him zero point six seconds to leap away. For some reason, he felt like half of the classic cliché couple leaping away from each other when someone enters the room without knocking. Which was stupid, because the arrangement of limbs was for the greater good and not something stupid like being an actual couple. Silence. Then, "Are you okay?" "Yeah." Nico coughed, toeing the carpet with the tip of his sneaker. "Thanks." "Anyone decent would do the same thing. Or something along those lines." He felt some inexplicable urge to add, "You didn't have to, though. I could have handled him," and he did, except he trailed off at the end so it came out more like, "You didn't have to, though. I could have…," because he realized how stupid and nonsensical it would be. The deed was done. No use for asinine statements. There was a laugh, and Nico started, but he allowed himself to breathe again when he realized that there was nothing malevolent or malicious about it. It was light and musical , almost, but it was the type of laugh that laughed with you, not at you. It was the laugh that finally made him tear off his gaze from the ugly carpet. The nameless savior remained nameless, but now he had a face, and it matched his laugh