Hogwarts is really an atrociously small school. Why are there not more magical children in Britain? Why don't other countries ship theirs over so our school isn't so goddamn tiny? Everyone knows absolutely everyone. It is - as Lydia Hartmann, my mother/idol/mentor/constant-test-of-my-patience-and-sanity, would say – like living in a fishbowl. Everyone's got a rep – whether it's for being smart, slaggy, mean, funny, you've definitely got a reputation. Unfortunately for me – mine is Walking Disaster Zone. Steffi Hartmann! Everything she touches turns to shit! I just… have a habit of mucking up. If you pass me a goblet of pumpkin juice, I will spill it. If you tell me about a surprise party, I will end up saying something obscenely obvious to the surprisee. One summer Lana asked me to look after her pet rabbit and, of course, it managed to escape it's cage and run away to the wilderness (OK so Wiltshire is not exactly a wilderness but still, far enough away for me to not be able to find/Accio it). And Lana's only response when I guiltily admitted my massive failure in the role of Best Friend Ever? "Of course Cotton got Hartmann'd, what was I thinking?" It had better not be a school-wide phenomenon to refer to messing up as 'Hartmann-ing'. To be fair though, I have royally Hartmann'd the pre-school packing process. I mean, exactly how does one lose their wand? Abysmally small Hogwarts may get one witch smaller if I don't fix this little blip. I know I'm a 7th Year now and should have been taking full advantage of my legal magic but I live alone with my Muggle mum, I just don't have much need for it over the summer. Ah, that is how one loses their wand - having a mother who is nuttier than a Holyhead Harpies fan at the Quidditch World Cup. "You know, sweetheart, I am aware that I'm a 'Muggle' but I feel if any Muggle is going to develop powers, it would be me." "Mum, there are Muggle who develop powers – they get a Hogwarts letter aged 11 and come to the castle. Did that happen to you? No, I know it didn't!" Psh, gimme my wand, you madwoman! At least I know I am not to blame for my Disaster Zone nature – it is definitely genetic. I may have got my magic from my dad but my generally scatty disposition is definitely from the maternal side of my family. I suppose if dad had been around longer, he may have had a calming effect on my temperament but I guess we'll never know. He died when I was three. Sad, but I was so young I don't remember him at all. I'm still not sure if that makes it better or worse. T-minus one hour until departure for King's Cross – Disaster Count: 5. Remus Lupin, one of my very best friends, will be Apparating me to the station at 10.15. We are definitely a case of opposites attracting because he is so far from a Disaster Zone, even I have trouble messing his plans up. Also, he can't escape me because he only lives a fifteen minute walk away. Oh the joys of forced-friendship! He loves me really though, in a despairing sort of manner. He befriended me, blissfully unaware of my status (First Year mistakes – back in those youthful days when we were innocent and reputation free!), purely because of the fact that it turned out we lived so close to one another. He had gone to the Muggle primary school where my aunt taught. So he knew of my family and I knew his. We bonded and then he realized what a mess I am and I refused to let him back-out of our blossoming friendship and he was stuck with me. Ha. Best way to earn a mate (only way, really, if you're anything like me). Of course, the prat turned up today with two of his prat best mates in tow. "Aw, come on, Lupin! Couldn't you at least have brought Pete?" Sirius Black and James Potter glare at me – mock offence to match my mock insults. What a merry mocking bunch of mockers. I mean, I'm not a True Mocker because I really would rather my Herbology-Partner-In-Crime-And-Failure was here. But he lives up near Manchester, so he'll travel with his brother and meet us at the train station. Sigh. "Now, Hartmann, you haven't seen us lovable scamps for months and that is how you greet us?" "Expect nothing less from a Bunny-Killer, Prongs." Lana! She would tell James Potter (and so by default Sirius Black) anything in an attempt to get into his boxers. What a numpty. A disloyal numpty. I'm appealing to have her Gryffindor House-ship revoked. She can piss off to Hufflepuff. At the sight of my pouting, Remus decides it's time to get a move on before I do something rash like hex Black until he's blue. And then make a stupid pun about it. Which is actually a great idea, in fact I might just- "Bye, Lydia!" Remus yells directly into my face. Jeez! If you leant just an inch either side, that could have been far more effective/less damaging to my precious eardrums. And of course, this face-yell has the immensely undesirable side-effect of bringing my mother trotting out to the hallway to hug Remus farewell (um, hello, beloved only child right here?). "Tata, Remus, dear – have a wonderful year and stay safe!" Remus placates her duly and smiles – teacher's pet and parent's pet, the little smarmy pants. Finally, dear mother turns her affections to where they should be AKA on me, all the time please! "Ooh, what will I do without you, Steffi?" "Whatever it is you've been doing the past six years, mum." "I've crocheted enough blankets to keep the whole of your school year toasty, love." "Well, considering the shambolically small number of students we have, that's not saying a lot." "Not going to miss that attitude, Nelly Nay-Sayer!" "I love you and I will miss you a lot. Please take up knitting and knit me jumpers because Scotland is too cold to bear." "Done and done. Have all the fun in the world – it's your last year, enjoy it!" And of course, she wouldn't be Lydia Hartmann if she didn't humiliate me completely before my final year has even begun… "Although, it looks like you already have been judging from this welcome party of handsome young men!" Sirius Black is crowing with delight at my embarrassment and the train journey hasn't even started yet. Bloody brilliant. "I've changed my mind! I won't miss you but I want jumpers anyway! Remus, Disapparate me away from this hellhole!" Things You Don't Want to Be Confronted with Whilst Gasping, Panting, and Feeling Heavily Nauseous in an Alleyway Next to King's Cross Station: - These words from a gleeful James Potter: "Did your mum just basically call you a massive slag?" - Looking around to see only three trunks on the pavement. This is only going to increase the nausea - Crying, "Did neither of you morons pick up my trunk?" only to have Sirius Black laugh in your (retching) face and tell you to go back and get it - Having to explain that you cannot Apparate because "Look at me, I'm dying from Sidelong!" - Being left alone with Potter and Black while dear, kind, sweet Remus Lupin, your savior, returns to your home to fetch your trunk I bet my mum accosts him too and makes this torture even longer than the five minute nightmare it should be. Potter and Black are absolutely fine, very bearable. If I got partnered with them in class, I wouldn't consider suicide as an option (NB: I do not feel like this about the whole year. There are definitely people amongst the frighteningly small number who have me contemplating Unforgivables, for use on myself or them, I'm not fussy). I'm friends with Potter and Black, much as I'm friends with all the Gryffs in my year. I don't know if I've emphasized enough, just how small Hogwarts is, but you do know everyone and generally everyone gets along in their Houses. People tend to have two or three close, best friends and then their wider group is simply the rest of their Housemates in the year. Ilana Diggory is my very best friend; I didn't even have to trick her into it, she is as bad as me although not in terms of Disasters. Marlene McKinnon, my other dorm mate, is also a very beloved friend. Lucky her. Remus and Peter are my two chummiest male mates and so I know Potter and Black pretty well. We get along; I think they respect my knack for getting into trouble (even if they don't realize that it's largely unintentional). But we're not as close as I am with the other two 'Marauders' and sometimes this pair gets right on my nerves. I mean, I do share a dorm with Lily Evans so I'm sure I can't have gone un influenced by her hissed rants about their immaturity and arrogance. Which in small doses is fine by me, but boy, are these two the very definition of extremes . Bleedin' bipolar, the pair of them. Thankfully, Remus appears a moment later along with my trunk whilst the jokes-about-Steffi count is only at 7. (Note to self- send apology note to mum and thank her for not kidnapping my favorite Marauder.) "Come on, you rag-tag bunch, let's get going." Thank you, Remus for whipping us into shape! You are the only true responsible soul among us. My solution if he hadn't turned up soon was not firm-but-gentle words – it was reverting back to the Black-and-Blue idea. No wonder Dumbledore made him Prefect – he is (bar a few minor marauding concessions) the very image of perfect Prefect. Not as perfect as his counter-part, Lily, but then again… who is? Wait. "Lupes," Everyone stops in their tracks to look at me. "Where's the badge? Head Boy Remus Lupin, right?" Sirius is off again, cracking up at what exactly I am not entirely sure. Probably just me, my everything – maybe I just trod in dog shit. I check my shoes for traces of turds but there's nothing. The heels of these boots are only a few long walks through the Grounds away from coming off though. Note to self – grovel to mum and ask her to send me money for a new pair. James Potter waving his arms around like a bleeding moron distracts me from my Poo-Boot-Begging thoughts. What is that he's waving? Holy hell. " You?!" "I told you everyone would react like that!" James is pouting at Sirius, who must have assured him otherwise (a blatant lie – I thought Potter was supposed to be some kind of prodigy). Remus chuckles and shrugs at me. He doesn't look too put-out and I don't blame him. Being Head Boy or Girl looks like an absolute task. Being a Prefect must be bad enough, let alone being in-charge of all the Prefects. "Aw, sorry to hear about your misfortune, James. My condolences." I pull a face at the mere thought of 'responsibility' – can you imagine the havoc someone as accident-prone as me would wreak if I ever even got a smidge of the stuff? Sirius barks a laugh, "My sentiments exactly. What am I going to do with myself with two of my best friends off, taken in by the Bad Side?" "Well, technically it's the Good Side-" "See, Prong's is a changed man already. Whatever happened to sticking it to the Man?" "- Steffi seems to be of your mindset. Maybe she's your new Partner in Crime?" Sirius snorts rather derisively and so I smack him on the arm. "Mate, I don't have a death wish. Imagine