Warning: If you don't like to read stories with a lot of violence, bloody gore, ruthless sadism, teen-pregnancies, mild (kind of) sexual content or (cough..very..) foul language you can just click yourself out right away. But if you do however, just keep on reading. This is my vision -at least one of them- of Clove and Cato and their doomed love. They were human even though they were raised as ruthless Careers which messed them up pretty badly. I want to show you how underneath those confident surfaces of emotionless killers they were just terrified children who actually loved. So here is my version of the lovers who were raised to murder and born to die. This story is written from Clove's point of view and it will have an alternate ending but also one which follows the book. Rating may change to M, though I will try to keep it T. Disclaimer: I own nothing you recognize, Suzanne Collins does. And please don't be afraid to tell me what you think. Constructive criticism is much appreciated. Enjoy! xx -Drea 1. When Hearts Break The shattering sound; When hearts break Will they ever mend? Or is this the eternal end? " I'm falling apart. I'm barely breathing. With a broken heart that's still beating. In the pain, there is healing. In your name, I find meaning." Broken, Lifehouse Fear sparks in his muddy brown eyes, and flickers over his ugly features. His eyes can't seem to hold still as they roam the shadows behind for an escape. An escape he can't find, because there isn't one. He is trapped, and he knows I'm going to kill him. I have to. I want to. Killing him will avenge my brother's death. This asshole killed him. Why, is beyond my comprehension. But the fact that he did triggers the blood lust I have tried to keep buried deep within for so long. And why I tried to strain my sadistic instincts? To please my brother. But he is dead. And you can't please the dead. Why he was killed doesn't really matter either. Killing isn't unusual in District 2. Almost all of our district's inhabitants are raised to draw blood, me and my brother alike. But of us, I'm the only one practicing the dark, but oh so satisfying deed. It sickened my brother. So much, that he would rather be killed than kill someone. Even in self-defense. By killing his murderer, I will give my brother the justice he deserves. But I know if he had been alive this would be the last thing he would want me doing. But I'm doing it to justify my brother, it is the only way I know how. But I'm also doing it for myself, it is what I need. What I need to keep insanity from invading my already impure mind. Walking slowly toward him, I enjoy his terrified expression. With each step I take, the brave face he tries to put on fades into fear. I walk to stand right before him. A meter or so separating him from his certain death. I want to laugh at the thought as it fills me with uncontrollable bliss. " Aren't you going to fight back?" I purr tauntingly while swirling my knife between my fingers. I make sure he sees it, I want the terror to paralyze him as much as possible. Not because I believe I can't fight him if it comes to that. But because inflicting fear, inflicting pain, makes me feel powerful. Makes me feel alive. A low snickering escapes my lips, exposing my deranged joy to him. He flinches. And I can almost see the mental slap he must be giving himself afterward. Showing weakness in the claw of the enemy will not get you out alive. You will receive no mercy, get no compassion. It is rule one in District 2; show no weakness. " You know," I say, touching the blade of my beloved knife lovingly. "you're going to get killed by a girl." I look up at him and smirk meanly. "A thirteen year old girl." I stroke the beautiful blade again, feeling the sharp tip against my flawless skin. But not puncturing. No, it is his skin that will be punctured by the sharp edge. " Are you afraid?" He seems determined not to break his confident act, but I can see the fear in is muddy brown eyes. I can see the uncertainty in his firmly set jaw. He stands in silence, making no move to answer the question. "Answer me!" I shout, irritation slowly settling. I can see the internal battle he has with himself, it shows on his ugly face. If he admits his fear, he will openly show his weakness. But if he doesn't, he stands in line of angering me even more. Which he clearly understands. Smart boy, sacrificing his pride to not feel my wrath. Too bad smart choices won't save him now. " Yes," he says solemnly. Like admitting that fact alone, can save him from his death. It can't. It never could. He meets my gaze boldly, like he has mustered that last fiber of courage in his body to fight. But it doesn't keep him from flinching as I laugh my vicious laugh. Then, the fool tries to run. He is clinging to the last hope of mercy. But I don't do mercy. And with a flick of my wrist the knife whizzes through the air and finds its goal: his very back. He comes to a halt in mid-run, and falls to his knees. I can hear him coughing, but it ends in a gurgle, blood spluttering everywhere as the merciless knife hit a lung or another fatal organ. It pleases me. Then the coughing and the movement stops. He is dead. Laughter erupts from the shadows behind me. A laughter I know better than my own. A well-known form comes into sight. He eyes the dead foe approvingly, before turning to me, "You're a vicious little one, aren't you?" Cato ruffles my hair playfully -something he knows annoys me- and grins that mean shark grin of his, which is known to terrify the whole population of District 2. I scowl at him in that sharp way only I can. But that little annoyance does nothing to falter my joy. Finally, I have gotten my revenge. Finally, my thirst for blood has been quenched. For now, at least. Grinning evilly up at him -dark and dangerous bliss spreading through my body- the truth escapes my lips, "I loved it." With a start, I wake up from the trip down memory lane. From the dream that was the replay of my first kill. I sit up groggily in my dark bedroom, trying to rub the tiredness away. No such luck. Sighing, I remember my brother; how he always understood me, yet being the opposite of me in every possible way. He was kind and likable and definitely not a murderer. As I'm cruel and vicious. The people I have killed are so many. And yet I can't bring myself to regret any of them. Because I am born a murderer. Literally. What killed my mother, was my birth. And ever since the day I was born, I always was destined to be a killer. A monster of the most terrifying sort. That kind of monster you have nightmares about, and that kind that haunts your mind. That kind who tortures you, kills you and then laughs because the uncontrollable feeling of joy is too much to tame. I never asked to be like this, but when I think about it, I wouldn't want it any other way. Because nothing feels as good as cutting deep into someone's flesh with my deadly knife, tearing their veins open, and watching blood pour like a wide red river of pleasure. Nothing can even begin to compare to the surging emotion of consuming bliss when you know you have the complete control over a person's life, or rather a person's death. It is pleasing, it is comfort, it is the only thing I have ever known. Suddenly the door flies open, tearing me out of my thoughts. In strides the boy who calls me his, who thinks he owns me. And we both know deep within -to my big frustration- that he is right. He knows every expression on my face, has felt every inch of my bare skin, and he sees everything I really am. He sees the darkness in my eyes, the evil in my mind, the hatred in my body. He sees me for the twisted, dark little thing I really am, and he still uses that tiny, incredibly small piece of the humanity left in his body to care about me. And him caring means endless taunting, irritating remarks, infuriating fights and body-wrecking sex. Those things are his deranged picture of care, and I don't mind as that picture is beautifully identical to mine. He draws back the curtains, and the bright morning light shines through the window and blinds me with the fierce brightness of it all. Cato poises himself between me and the gleaming sun, his great body casting long shadows across my bedroom. An excited, yet suggestive and intimate grin takes hold of his face. "Rise and shine, sunshine." he says in his deep voice. That spark of excitement can't seem to be erased. Today is the day of the Reaping. In other districts being drawn for the games is a tragedy. But not in District 2. Here it is an honor to get drawn, or to volunteer. And volunteering is exactly what my sadistic boyfriend plans on. The way he grins excitedly down at me, makes me think about how much he looks like a little boy in the candy shop. Even though his candy is cold-blooded murder. A knot of fear tightens in the pit of my stomach, setting it in unease. I have never been truly worried about him, not before now. My trust in his skills has been too blind. Because I know, whether or not I allow myself to realize it, that something can go wrong. He can easily kill all the tributes. He knows how to fight, he can kill them before they even get to draw their weapon. But it isn't the other tributes that makes me worry; it is the Gamemakers. I know that if they decide to target him, he will be dead before he even knew. My heart squeezes in fear as I think about living without him. He is my rock, my support, the only one who would ever care if I got killed. No matter how fucking pathetic it sounds, it is true; he's my everything. And if he ever gets taken from me, I won't know what to do. "It's too early for that." I say coldly as I try to stifle a yawn, but don't quite manage. "For what?" he asks, playfully, almost jumping up and down in excitement where he stands. But I know he knows what I mean. As I try to blink the tiredness out of my eyes while running a hand through my unruly hair, he sits down on the bed, silently watching me. "For this excitement. This happy thing." And the next thing I know he has attacked my lips and lifted me from my bed. He holds me up and close to him by an arm around my waist, my feet dangling beneath me, while his other hand roughly cups the back of my head, forcing my mouth hard on his. My hands are in his dirty-blond hair, making tiny knots before brushing through his hair again with my fingers. A growling moan is to be heard deep down in his throat, urging me on. Pulling away from the kiss he looks into my eyes, that playful spark telling me he is up to