AN: I know, I know, you're probably thinking 'why the hell is she starting another story when she hasn't finished her other ones?' And my only answer to that is…I have no idea, and I'm sorry, but this idea has been nagging me for weeks. To all of you who read my other stories I promise that updates are on that way. I even have a new chapter of 'Reflection' already written but I'm not completely happy with it, so I will tweak it and have it up within the next few days. On another note I just handed in my last bit of coursework EVER for my university course so now I'm completely free to write for a while and hopefully update my other stories. Thanks so much for sticking with me over the years, I know that sometimes I'm not the most reliable updater. Anyway, enough of me rambling, and I hope you enjoy this new story. Here we go… Tucking a loose strand of hair behind my ear, I checked my face in the mirror to make sure my make-up wasn't smudged. Reaching into the new Marc Jacobs bag that Dan had given me on my birthday, I pulled out my new red lipstick. In the shop the lipstick had seemed to personify the new me; bold, classy and elegant but as I applied it to my lips it seemed too bright and garish in comparison to the drab grey tiles on the toilet walls. It made me look out of place. I missed New York already. "Mom?" I glanced down, "I'm tired. Can we go home now?" I wished. "We're here for the wedding remember?" Curtis just looked at me in confusion. He had absolutely no idea what was going on. He was used to me being calm and collected. My frazzled state was probably just confusing him even more. Hastily wiping the lipstick from my lips I smiled at myself in the mirror; a fake, practised smile, before taking Curtis's hand in mine and striding out of the toilets. My palms were unnaturally sweaty and the sound of my heels sounded too loud in the corridor leading to the Arrivals Lounge. My stomach was in knots. Once again I reached into my bag to get my phone. I just needed to hear Dan's voice, just once, or else I knew I would turn around and get on the next flight out. "Just a second honey." Curtis hung his head and I watched with a frown as he shuffled over to a nearby seating area. He hadn't slept during the whole flight. We both needed sleep desperately. "Dan? Hi. I-" I leant against the nearby wall for support as I spoke into my phone. Curtis looked up at the mention of Dan's name. An old couple glanced at me as they walked quickly towards the Arrivals lounge; they were probably judging how young I was. "Grace? Is everything alright?" I could hear the familiar sounds of his office in the background. It was always busy, always loud and yet, Dan still seemed to command the attention of the room without even blinking. It was one of the things I loved about him. "I'm fine," I really wasn't, but I didn't want him to think I was weak, "I just needed to hear your voice." I regretted the words as soon as they were out of my mouth. There was a moment of silence. Not long enough to feel awkward, but it meant that he was thinking of something to say. My head was beginning to hurt. I needed some fresh air. "Look Grace…I'm heading to a meeting just now," I could hear the sigh in his voice, "I could cancel but it's some very important clients and I-" "No. No. Don't cancel," I spoke quickly, pushing myself off of the wall and walking determinedly towards Curtis, "I'm sorry I bothered you." "You never bother me," he lied. I could hear someone laughing on his end of the line. He was probably leaning back in his cushioned chair looking out at the city while Erin, his assistant, bent over and put something on his desk giving him a perfect view of her cleavage. I felt a little sick. "I hope your meeting goes well," He was silent, "I left some lasagne in the fridge for you." "Enjoy your trip," He didn't even say thank you, "I will take you out for sushi when you get back, and then we can have a night in. How does that sound?" "It sounds fabulous. I-" "Say hello to your cousin Kiera for me." "It's Kim," I tried to say, but he had already hung up. Glancing down at the ring on my finger, I twisted it once before taking a deep breath and reaching down to grab Curtis's hand once again. "Are you okay Mommy?" His voice was quiet, as if he was scared that he was going to upset me. I had been a wreck for the entire plane journey, not exactly model parent behaviour. I tried to smile down at him. "I'm just really tired," I tried to assure him, "As soon as we get to Aunt Kim's house, I will read you a story and we can sleep. How does that sound?" "Will you stay in the same room as me?" "You know Dan wants you to be a big boy now. Big boys sleep in their own room," I reminded him as we walked slowly towards the arrivals lounge; I was trying to delay the inevitable. "Dan isn't here." I tried not to smirk. He was absolutely right. One night wouldn't hurt. "Okay then," I pretended to shrug my shoulders, "We can cosy up on the single bed. You better give me lots of cuddles, and not steal all of the duvet." Curtis just smiled. My eyes zeroed in on the missing gap in his teeth. It was so endearing. My heart clenched tightly. He was my whole world. "Can we get some chocolate ice cream too?" "Don't push it mister," I reached down to ruffle his curls, but my heart wasn't quite in it. I felt a little sick as I pushed open the doors leading to the Arrivals Lounge. Everything was going to be okay I told myself. It was only a brief visit. The last time I had been in the airport, I had vowed never to return and yet I found myself once again scanning the familiar room for any sign of Kim. Everything I had achieved since last leaving La Push, had taken me further and further away from the place I had once called home. The mere thought of even spending four weeks in the place where I was born gave me the shivers. I hated La Push; I hated the people, I hated the town. It was my own personal hell. "Grace?" I didn't even have time to prepare myself before someone barrelled into my side and pulled me into a tight hug. I felt like there was no air reaching my lungs, the room was so hot. I had almost forgotten about the lack of personal space I had always received in La Push. Almost. "Kim?" She hadn't changed a bit. Of course she was older, had a few more curves, but instantly my eyes noted the tiny, ripped shorts and tank top she wore, that she had always worn. Her hair was piled into a messy bun at the nape of her neck and I could barely make out the red colour of her converse beneath the layer of sand and dirt that seemed to stick to them. She hadn't changed one, single bit. The thought depressed me slightly, and failed to give me hope for the rest of the trip. "Grace? Is that really you?" I fought the urge to roll my eyes as she placed her hands on my shoulders and stepped back to get another look. She seemed to be drinking in every inch of the new me. The dyed blonde hair, the acrylic nails, the tight blazer and skinny jeans. She physically gasped when her eyes reached my new red, stiletto high heels. It was hard being a tiny person in New York, I had to get myself noticed somehow. I definitely wasn't the chubby, sweatshirt loving girl who had left La Push years previously, she was buried somewhere far, far away and would never be making a reappearance. "Yeah," I took a cautious step back, "It's really me." "You look amazing." I breathed a sigh of relief at her words. I had made myself even more perfect than normal. I wanted the new me to be the person Kim would think about when I returned home, not the old me. I wanted to prove to everyone that I had become someone, that unlike the majority of La Push, I had got out and got my own life. "And who's this little guy?" I looked down to see Curtis hiding behind my legs. His eyes were unusually wide as he gazed up at Kim. He didn't cope well with strangers, never had. Dan said I coddled him too much, which was probably true, but I didn't trust people around him. "This is my son," Kim's eyes snapped back up to meet mine instantly, "His name is Curtis." "What the-" Kim began, but I interrupted her before she had the chance to curse. Placing my hand gently on Curtis's back, I pushed him forward a little. "This is Aunt Kim," I bent down to his level so he could hear me, "She's a friend. We like her." "We do?" Kim was silently watching our exchange. She looked as though she was ready to explode. "We do," I assured him, "Say hi." My feet were beginning to kill me in my new shoes, and I could feel men looking at me as they passed. I wanted to get the hell out of the airport immediately, even if that meant going back to La Push. I had been in the country less than an hour, and I already felt cheap and dirty. "Hi." Curtis stuck his hand out the way Dan had taught him. He looked up at me for reassurance and I smiled, a genuine smile, in return. He always surprised me. Kim looked at his tiny hand and then back at me before bending down as I had done moments earlier and shaking his hand. Curtis grinned, actually grinned. "Curtis, would you like to go for a McDonalds on the way home since we're in the city?" Curtis's face lit up like he had just won the lottery as Kim spoke. Inwardly, I groaned; another secret I would have to keep from Dan. I hoped there wouldn't be any more to add to the list. "Can I really get a McDonalds Mommy? Please?" He had ran back to grab onto my leg. Kim was shifting from foot to foot as if she couldn't stay still. Her eyes were narrowed. "Okay," I lifted him up into my arms, trying not to wobble in my heels, "But it's our little secret, okay?" "Okay." XXXXXXX "A son?" Kim hissed, "Really? A son ?" I glanced behind me to find Curtis fast asleep in the back seat. He had a ketchup smear on his right cheek, but he had a smile on his face and as long as he was happy, I was happy. "Kim, I really don't want to talk about this." "Tough," she tightened her grip on the steering wheel as she stopped at a red light; "You have a son? A living, breathing son that you forgot to tell me about?" "I didn't forget," I glanced down at my nails, "I just didn't tell you." "We email every damn week. You talk about Dan, your job, the countless wonders of New York. But never once did you mention Curtis." I stayed silent. The closer we