"Ah, there you are." Nico di Angelo bit down on the silver fork just entering his mouth, hard enough that he felt the tines prick the skin behind his teeth. He spat out the tortellini he'd just spent a half hour preparing into a napkin and within the same fluid motion he used to throw that napkin on the table, he both knocked over his chair so that it was in front of him and drew his black Stygian iron sword. No one had any reason to say "there you are" to him, like an old friend. That was the point of this – the hotel rooms, the city-hopping, the nights spent in places so remote it would take days of travel to reach if he couldn't step into the shadows. He looked past his blade. Old friend indeed. One of the few allowed to use a phrase like "there you are". One of the few who he might possibly owe an explanation to about his five-year absence from anything and anyone familiar. "Why would you even be looking for me?" Is the only sensible thing he can force past his lips. The stutter chipped at the sharpness of his tone. Eyes like the sea bore into his. Percy Jackson hadn't changed much physically, but those eyes were a little more worn. Understandable. He had wanted to come back after he had heard what had happened with Gaea, actually, but the desire was repressed under his healthy dose of common sense. Percy had Annabeth. Percy had Grover. Percy had his mother, and his brother. Percy had everyone. His protectiveness was misplaced. "Well?" He snapped. He didn't lower his weapon, even though his intruder was unarmed. "I'm not sure I thought you could cook," was what the other demigod finally said, after a weighty pause. Luckily, Percy hadn't yet noticed that Nico was slowly backing toward the hotel room coffee table, which had his satchel resting on top of it, and the couch next to it, where his old bomber jacket was folded on the arm. "Can you put the sword down?" Percy cajoled. "It's been years. You have no idea what it took to find you." "And what did it take?" "I followed the weird reports that were pretty much you killing monsters," Percy said. "And the teams tracking down other new demigods finally caught sight of you once. It was enough to tell us you've been living in hotels." "I could have just been on vacation." "You needed a five-year vacation?" Percy snorted. "Yes!" Nico said, and flinched. It came out desperate, and that surprised even him. Percy looked shocked. Percy raised both his hands in the air. "I just came to talk. We've been worried about you. Five years is a long time, Nico. I know you don't like any of us very much, but that doesn't mean we don't like you." Nico could hear his own heart in his ears. The encounter was happening too fast. He felt like he was dreaming. Percy Jackson, coming to him as a friend? Surely there had to be a reason, like a quest or an onslaught of monsters he needed help with. There was a catch here, he just couldn't spot any sign of it in Percy's sympathetic expression. "I've kept in touch with my sister." "Yeah, Hazel finally admitted you stop by every so often. But it's not enough. That's not what family is." Percy paled, as if he realized he'd said the wrong thing. "I think I know how important family is," the son of Hades hissed. "I'm sorry, okay? Wait, what are you-" The shadows coalesced, and Nico di Angelo grabbed his things and ran. "There you are!" Two months later, Nico felt like he was having déjà vu. It wasn't like he ate pasta every night, or even on the same night each week. But there he was once again in a hotel room, his homemade pasta on the plate in front of him, with Percy's voice unexpectedly coming from a doorway whose door he knew was locked. "How did you even get in here?" He asked testily. "You never deadbolt your doors," Percy said, then frowned. "That's actually not very safe." "I like being able to get out quickly," Nico mumbled. His shoulders slumped. Should he even bother with the shadow-travel? This could get old quickly. He should just find out what Percy wanted and help him with it, so he could be left alone that much faster. He stood, sucked in a steadying breath, then put on his poker face and turned. Percy was wearing his old Camp Half-Blood shirt, even though he was too old to be a regular camper at this point. Was he twenty-two now, if Nico was nineteen? It twisted something in Nico's gut. It felt like the pasta on the table; like something he tried to recreate but could never quite capture. It added to the feeling that he was hallucinating, but he liked to think he would be able to tell. Or what was it they said? That the really crazy people had no idea they were crazy? "I'm sorry," Percy said, and that made Nico meet his eyes. "I know I'm not your favorite person, but Annabeth-" Nico couldn't help his flinch. This. This was why he left. He thought he'd left it for good, but no – that wound was still bleeding. It just needed some fresh salt. "-but Annabeth," Percy said again, reddening as if he'd caught Nico's look of pain and was embarrassed by it, "is off at Camp Jupiter, and Jason and Piper took a trip together, kind of a long break of their own. Hazel thought you'd come back when you were ready, but I don't think that's true. Is it?" "No," Nico said honestly. Not ever. Five years was not enough. Ten years was not going to be enough. It's why he had been for a year seriously considering visiting his father's domain for something other than work or family obligation or a place to hide. Percy didn't react, he just looked grim. "So I came to ask if you'd come back?" "What is it?" Nico managed to keep his voice calm. "What?" "Who's in trouble?" Nico narrowed his eyes. "Is Camp Half-Blood under a threat?" "No…" Percy looked puzzled. "Has there been another prophecy?" "Well, yes." Percy frowned. "But I don't see what…" "Okay." Nico nodded, satisfied. "What does it involve?" "Well, we don't know, it's really vague and no one really thinks it's going to happen this decade, or even this century. It had something about flying cars in it. I'm not joking." "Apollo has a flying car," Nico pointed out. Percy looked thoughtful. "I'll have to ask if Chiron's thought of that." He shook his head, then finally advanced inside the hotel room, shoving the door shut behind him. Nico swallowed and backed into the table accidentally, making his silverware rattle. Percy's reaction to that was to look sad. He stopped moving. "I see," he said. It was Nico's turn to be confused. "What?" "I'm sorry," Percy said. "I didn't realize…I guess I thought you'd be the one to understand." "You're not making any sense, Percy." "You're afraid of me." Well, yes, yes Nico was afraid of Percy. Or not Percy, of course not Percy, but of Percy's reaction when he knew the truth. It always felt like his pores were screaming his secret, that Percy could read the truth in his eyes, that somehow he was one wrong word away from babbling his shame no matter how much he pushed the son of Poseidon away. "Of course not!" "You should be," Percy said softly. "I thought maybe you hadn't heard, but you did, right? What I did?" He coughed, then straightened his shoulders, and met Nico's eyes squarely. "I used my power to control a person's body. Using their blood, Nico. Their own blood. And the strength I felt doing it…" For a moment, the truth shone on Percy's face. And it did scare Nico, just a little, that the demigod had basked in that power. But Percy was Percy. He was the best person Nico had ever known. He was good. Unfailingly good. Like a piece of the sun, shining brighter than even the other stars around him. Forgetting that even for a moment made Nico sick to his stomach. The fear was obliterated. It felt like he had betrayed the purest part of himself. Even if it was wrong to love him, the reasons he loved him were pure. "But I didn't come to tell you that," Percy said flatly. "I came to bring you back home to your friends. This isn't healthy." A nervous, horrible giggle escaped Nico's throat. "Home? Home, Percy? I don't have a home. I don't have friends." "Jason, Piper, Leo, Frank and Hazel would all be hurt to hear that," Percy said harshly. "Annabeth would be hurt. And I would be too, except I know you don't mean it. You're just afraid. You're afraid of caring about anyone because you're afraid that means you'll lose them." Nico blanched. The vulnerable feeling – he hated it. He hated feeling weak. He hated Percy pitying him. The feeling grew and warped until it changed into something darker. "Get out." "Look, I'm sorry. I'm not very good at-" "Get out! You bother to find me after five years just because you feel guilty over what happened with Gaea, and need someone as messed up as me to understand, is that it?" "No, Nico-" "None of the others are-are creepy enough to get it." Nico balled his hands into fists. "But I can control skeleton armies, so I must, right? So you take all this time just to find me and see if you're not alone in being a freak. Well congratulations. I'm not afraid of you, Percy. I don't think you should feel bad about feeling good about being powerful. I absolve you. Now get out and leave me alone!" Percy left. Nico tried to leave it alone. He went to Venice; he went to Canada; he went to Tokyo; he went to Mongolia. It took him all of two weeks. Percy had mentioned a prophecy. Prophecies usually meant people would die. People like Percy. It was nothing short of a miracle that he and Nico had both survived so long. Demigods had short lifespans; it was a known occupational hazard of their race. Nico's conscience would not shut up, and somehow, his subconscious joined in. He had thought he was headed to Sydney, and yet there he was in Cabin Thirteen, staring around in confusion and dismay at the face-height spiderwebs and dusty furniture of his old room. He considered leaving immediately. Instead, he opened the door, and walked outside to see how much Camp Half-Blood had changed in his absence. The answer to his earlier question was not much, and completely. The camp looked the same, but the people were all different. It hit him like a wave, the unexpected panic. It was like realizing the Lotus Hotel had stolen decades from him all over again. His heart in his throat, he struggled to get his breathing under control. He would have thought this was dying, except he knew better and this felt nothing like it. A panic attack? Was that what this was? They're all still alive, he reminded himself. They just aren't here. It's the same time. No flying cars yet, like in Percy's prophecy. You haven't lost any time. But he had. He hadn't realized just how much, but being faced with all the missing people made Nico aware of just how much time had passed, really. Percy was right. He had been selfish. He didn't feel bad about avoiding Percy, because that had been self-preservation, but Jason would be really hurt. Despite what he'd said, he knew Jason was a real friend. It had just been easier