"What did you do?!" Nico flinched, then drew himself up and covered with a stringent glare as Annabeth Chase, advisor to the royal family, stalked through the door of his quarters in the West Tower. She was dressed in riding britches, her crop thwapping angrily against her thighs with every step. She carried her helmet under one arm, and her blond hair was undone and slightly sweaty. His fingers closed around the pommel of the black sword he wore at his hips, a comforting gesture that meant nothing – Annabeth was one of the few he could call a friend in the castle, even if that word was papery at best for him. He waited for her to elaborate. She didn't even blink under his stare. "Nico, what have you done?" That wasn't any clearer. "Nothing lately that would concern you." "To Percy, Nico. What have you done?" Her tone was as steely as her grey eyes. He blinked, then recovered. "I try stay away from Percy," he spat. "Oh, please!" Annabeth frowned at him. "Give me a little credit. Your eyes follow him everywhere." Nico swallowed, but he refused to show fear. Refused, but that probably meant very little. "I don't know what you mean. I don't appreciate you entering without-" She jabbed a finger at him. "You cast a spell on him!" "I did not!" Nico retorted, offended. "You know you did! A-a love spell, or something!" "I did not!" He glowered at her. "Have you checked with Piper? She's the resident charm maker. Not me. You know that. Love isn't really my area of expertise." "Bull. You are the most powerful sorcerer in this kingdom and you know it." "Not as powerful as the Council," he muttered. The greats – Zeus, Poseidon, Aphrodite, Hades, Athena – were on the mighty Council of the Order of Sorcerers, of which he was a member. It grated on him that they occasionally had him do tasks that they weren't willing to do themselves, yet never allowed him to attend their meetings or even afforded him any recognition or respect whatsoever. With the exception of Hades, of course. He was supposedly Nico's mentor, yet the Sorcerer of Deathly Arts rarely appeared to advise him, and when he did, it was usually in snippets of dream. "And Piper would never do something like this!" Annabeth sneered. "You have the motive. You made Percy forget me so you could finally have a chance!" Nico forgot himself and took a step back into his work table, which was covered in vials and bubbling experiments. Of course, every one of them was knocked over. With a gasp he raised his hands. Skeletal arms came out of the nether and grabbed the vials the millisecond before they hit the floor. Gingerly he walked around the station and snatched everything up, putting everything back where it belonged. He gave a sneer of his own. "You think I would use magic on your boyfriend," he couldn't keep the bitterness out of his voice. "To make him love me?" Annabeth's own apparent worry over the near-apocalypse of a moment before evaporated back into anger. His face was hot with the embarrassment of even saying it out loud. It was so close to what he wanted. …but not in that way. Never in that way. If Percy were to love him, it would have to be his choice. He channeled his hurt through his eyes and warped it into a quiet rage. Shadows clawed at the wall. "If you didn't do it for that reason, then was it Prince Luke? We both know he's had his eye on me forever…" "I do not take orders from him!" "Yes, but you do what King Chiron says and –" "And you're his advisor!" Nico was caught between rage, mortification and exasperation. He lowered his voice so that any flies on the wall couldn't hear them. "You know everything he does! And also, is that how much you trust him? He is a good ruler, Annabeth, and you know that. What you're suggesting is close to disloyalty." Annabeth's gaze flickered, then weakened. She sighed and the tension left her shoulders, leaving her looking lost. "Then what happened to him? He doesn't remember, Nico. Everything else, everyone else…he remembers who I am, even! Just not our relationship. It's a lot to ask, but if you truly didn't do this, then you have to help me get him back to normal." "Maybe it's his way of breaking up easily," Nico spat. The pain on her face was tempered by a sympathy that revolted him. She was not allowed to have the man he loved, and pity him for not having him at the same time. "Get out!" Annabeth left. Nico slammed the heavy wooden door behind her, then sank shakily against it. A moment later, his skeleton cat Ella crawled out from underneath the plush armchair in the far corner and trotted over to him. He pet the smooth bone of Ella's skull and felt slightly comforted by her ghostly purring. Percy didn't remember Annabeth, but he remembered everything else? "Almost like a dream come true, is it not?" The voice raked against Nico's already raw nerves. "Go away." "The man of your dreams is suddenly available." A sigh. "I will find a way to banish you, Favonius," Nico threatened, and looked up from under the fall of his dark hair. His transparent guest floated closer to him, a smirk on his perfect lips. "Do you want some advice?" The ghost had been imprisoned in the West Tower for centuries by the sorcerer Apollo for his crimes against Apollo's favorite consort. Namely – "You're a murderer. No, I don't want your advice." Favonius tsked. "This is your chance!" He blinked out of existence before the heavy spellbook Nico grabbed from the floor could be thrown uselessly at his head. What Nico hated most was that what Favonius had said wasn't that far from the truth. Except if Percy was to return his feelings, he could never live with himself unless he knew they were real, and not some fabrication of magic. He was wrong. What he hated most was the knowledge that he only had one option. He had to find a way to restore the knight's memory, and return him to his blissfully happy relationship with someone other than Nico, Minor Sorcerer to the King of Olympus Keep. "Very well," Nico's snarl caught in his throat. That voice was not Favonius'. Hastily he scrambled to his feet and peered around the room until he saw the shadows at the far end coalesce and solidify into a dark presence. "Lord Hades!" Nico swept his black robes aside so he could bow. As much as he hated showing subservience to anyone, the Sorcerers of the Council were not people you wanted to anger over something as trivial as ego. "Indeed," The man's pale face drew up in something approximating a smile. "Your friend Favonius reported to me what has transpired here." Nico was going to re-kill that little… "I can't help but disagree with him. Percy Jackson is not worth the likes of you." Nico's head shot up, eyes wide. "I wasn't going to-" "Annabeth is wrong, of course. No minor sorcerer could commit a work this delicate. Selective memory erasure is above your scope." Nico flushed and shifted his eyes away. "A colleague of mine is responsible," Hades drawled. "You can probably guess which one." Nico's brain sorted through all the possibilities, and finally landed on the culprit. "Piper's patron, Lady Aphrodite." "I do not like to go against the wishes of other members of the Council directly. It causes problems at meetings. Very tedious." Hades rolled a wrist, looking bored out of his mind. "You, however, are likely below their notice. You must fix this knight Percy's memory before it causes problems." Nico swallowed thickly. "Problems like what?" "Sanctions from this kingdom against the Council," Hades said bluntly. "Yes, we could wipe it off of the map if we chose, but this little domain has a part to play. We need to ensure we have a partnership. Not everyone in this castle trusts us, for some reason, which you must be aware of." Hades sickly grin told Nico he knew full well that he was one of them. "We don't need them causing trouble because they're afraid of our power." "I was going to anyway," Nico said softly. A gentle wave of surprise washed over Hades' face. "Interesting." He didn't say it like a compliment. "There is a lake, in the middle of the forest to the east. It is called Mnemosyne. A vial of that water distilled into tea will repair the damage. Be warned, you should take one companion with you." Nico frowned, and hoped Hades couldn't see how shaky he was. "It should be Percy, shouldn't it? So he can just-" "I question your intentions," Hades drawled. His black eyes were intense. "It is a two-day journey." "Percy isn't interested in me," Nico said bitterly. "So much time alone. He has amnesia. Who knows what could happen. Perhaps, if this is what you want – perhaps we can convince the King it was not the Council's doing." Nico blinked at his mentor. "You're suggesting-" Hades watched him silently. He would have the blessing of the Council if he pursued Percy now, it seemed. Nico wasn't sure if the fluttering in his chest was hope or nausea. Annabeth's pain-filled eyes came unbidden into his mind. Percy would despise him, if the truth ever came out. He would be ostracized by the few friends he had at the castle. No one would trust him ever again. Annabeth, Piper, the knights, Leo, Frank, and – "I'll take Jason," Nico said firmly. Hades nodded at him, then settled back into his chair. The motion seemed to draw all the shadows in the room with it, and the sorcerer disappeared. Nico put a trembling hand on his work table, and tried to get his breathing under control. Nico walked brusquely across the courtyard, the cloth of his black robes fluttering behind him. The clanging of metal rang out in the cool morning air. It was followed by a good deal of good-natured shouting and cursing. He put a hand on the pommel of his own blade, a small smile teasing a corner of his mouth. He remembered the days he trained as a knight fondly, before he found his true calling. He approached the sparring arena and slowed to a stop by the fence, watching quietly. It was filled with about twelve knights and knights-in-training, young women and men about his age or a little younger. They were purportedly the best in the world, and the halls of the castle were lined with trophies of the monsters they had vanquished and medals from competitions with neighboring kingdoms. Percy was among them. He caught sight of Nico and tore off his helmet, running through the crowd toward him. Nico blanched, then schooled his face into impassivity. "Nico! You never come down here anymore! Something wrong?" Percy's eyes were a clear sea-green, and full of amicable curiosity. It was hard to look at his face, and not change his mind. "Have you seen Annabeth today?" Nico asked calmly. Percy looked puzzled. "Annabeth? No. She's usually with the King, and Prince Luke, though, right? Why would you look for her here?" Oh, he didn't know. Maybe because she came down there to spar with Percy every morning, and had done so for the past four years? There was a sour taste in Nico's mouth. He decided to be blunt. "She likes you, you know." Percy looked comically bewildered, lines appearing in his forehead between his eyes. Finally he laughed. "No, she doesn't." He swung a leg over the fence and joined Nico on his side, bumping shoulders. "I like seeing you down here," he said, his voice suddenly lower.