SIRIUS BLACK AND THE BIRD OF SCELERO CHAPTER 1: THE CAGE Grimmauld Place, 1972: The imposing, dark-eyed man led the way up a grand staircase. Centuries of noble upbringing were evident in his haughty expression, and in his hand was a small item obscured from view by a swath of velvet. Behind him, a twelve-year-old boy with globs of pudding in his black hair followed, wearing a rather triumphant expression. Sirius hadn't planned to blow up the dessert. It had simply been a spur-of-the-moment decision upon spotting his mother's scowl at the Gryffindor rosette stuck to his lapel, where he had placed it for maximum visibility. He smirked at the back of his father's robes, which were still stained with a few remnants of pudding that his cleaning spell had missed. Still, he couldn't help feeling slightly apprehensive at the thought of whatever it was his father was holding. Orion Black's collection of Dark objects was, as far as Sirius knew, unrivaled, and a new addition could hardly bode well for his troublemaking son. Orion opened the door to Sirius's bedroom and glared down at him as he flopped onto the bed in what he hoped was a carefree, confident manner. Sirius weighed his odds. There was a chance that if he apologized now, he might be given a reprieve. He nearly laughed aloud at himself for even thinking such a thing. Sirius looked around the bedroom at the many Gryffindor banners he'd hung this summer, his first time home since being Sorted, and felt a glowing pride at the thought of how very much unlike his parents he was. With a look of deepest disappointment at his son, Orion placed the velvet-covered object on a table beside the bed. He turned to leave, and Sirius found he couldn't help himself. "What is it, then?" Orion reached the door. "Something to assist you in reflecting upon your behavior." The bedroom door snapped shut behind him, and Sirius heard the unpleasant click of the lock which meant he'd be exiled here until further notice. He wasn't going near the mysterious object. Not because he was frightened of it, of course. He just knew that his father assumed that curiosity would get the better of him, and he'd open it up for himself. But Sirius was much too clever for that. He would let the stupid thing sit there indefinitely, and eventually when they let him out of the room they'd see that he hadn't been interested enough to look. The only problem was that it was quite boring, just sitting here by himself. The prank preceding tonight's dessert debacle had already cost him his owl privileges, and Sirius would sooner shake hands with Snivellus Snape than peruse the pure-blood propaganda pamphlets his mother had left on his bed before dinner. He hated being bored... Maybe just a peek, then. Sirius approached the veiled object with some caution. It was no larger than a tea kettle and seemed quite stationary. He slid the covering off and revealed, to his surprise, a small, antique birdcage. It looked entirely unremarkable, but then so did most of his father's trinkets. Although he knew better than to go prodding around Dark artifacts, there was something oddly compelling about the little cage. Without really knowing why, Sirius reached forward and opened its tiny iron door. He jumped back in surprise, for, suddenly, he was no longer alone. Grimmauld Place, Present Day: Nearly a quarter of a century had passed, and Grimmauld Place was showing its age. The once-grand staircase groaned as it was scaled by Sirius, now fully grown and unrecognizable from the boy with pudding in his hair. Much as it had done to the house, time had turned Sirius into barely an echo of himself. The last two years spent as a fugitive were evident in the dark shadows under his eyes and the way his robes hung from his bony frame. Although the couple of weeks he'd spent at Remus's had at least afforded him access to a shower and a haircut, he still bore the look of someone who'd been living in the shadows for far too long. Sirius reached the landing and pushed open the door to his old bedroom. With a flick of his wand (a new one procured for him by Dumbledore, which felt slightly cold and unfamiliar), the lamps burst into light and the details of the room came into focus. The place looked just as he remembered it. In the intervening years between his first summer home from Hogwarts and the day he'd run away at sixteen, many more Gryffindor banners had made their way onto the walls, hiding nearly every inch of the fussy, regal wallpaper. This was helped by the addition of several large and stationary photographs of Muggle women in bikinis. Sirius grinned to himself as he remembered his mother's spluttering outrage on seeing them. As traditional and decorum-minded as she was, she'd been infinitely more outraged by the implication that her own son could have found filthy Muggles, of all things! attractive enough to ogle. His eyes fell on a patch of wall unobscured by banners or pinups. Here, a small photograph hung unframed and unassuming. Its position on the wall and the way nothing else had been hung around it made it seem rather more important than the room's other decorations. From inside their little paper universe, four teenage boys laughed and grinned, their arms around each other, looking for all the world like brothers. Sirius could barely recognize himself - that good-looking, confident boy was a stranger to him now. He smiled as he gazed into the image of James's beaming face. Unlike his own likeness, this was James as Sirius remembered him. He realized, with a familiar pain in his chest, that of course he remembered him like this. He had died just a few years after this photo had been taken. And there was Remus. The sight of him smiling in his school robes reminded Sirius of the cautious, guarded way Remus had spoken to him this summer, the first time they'd spent together since that night in the Shrieking Shack when the truth had come out. Sirius's pulse quickened as he moved on to the last boy in the photograph. Peter Pettigrew, with his arm around James, beaming and thrilled to be part of the group. Sirius felt the nausea, the rage, the recklessness that took him over every time he thought of Pettigrew, this time amplified by the image of him arm-in-arm with the friends he'd doomed to misery and death. There was no question: he still wanted Pettigrew dead. At the very least, he wanted him to feel what he, Sirius, had felt every day in Azkaban. That unique blend of hopelessness and self-loathing, and bitter, agonizing remorse. With a burst of rage, Sirius grabbed the edge of the photograph and attempted to rip it from the wall. It wouldn't budge. He had a brief memory of himself at sixteen, casting the Permanent Sticking Charm he'd learned to employ on all his bedroom decorations. He aimed his wand at the image of Pettigrew's face. " Flagrate !" A fiery burn appeared on the photo, disfiguring Pettigrew, but then the image reformed as good as new. His younger self had done the thing properly, it seemed. Sirius turned his back on the photograph. Downstairs, the rest of the Order of the Phoenix was busy casting protective spells and preparing the house for its new role as headquarters. He'd been planning to stay in his old bedroom, but he knew he'd never rest with the traitor watching him from the wall. The door slammed shut behind him, and the dusty bedroom was plunged into darkness. "Harry, look out!" Sirius turned in time to see his godson dodge the large, rusty bear trap zooming through the air in erratic spirals. The bear trap turned on Molly Weasley, gnashing its metal spikes like horrible, rusty teeth, and Harry's friend Hermione raised her wand. "Immobulus!" The trap crashed motionless to the floor. Ron and Ginny Weasley cheered, causing Hermione to turn slightly pink. "Excellent work, Hermione," said Remus. Two of Molly's other sons, identical twins Fred and George, were looking at the bear trap with poorly concealed interest. "What sort of charm was that, do you reckon?" asked Fred. Sirius caught Remus's eye and grinned. They both knew that would-be casual tone far too well to be fooled. "If it's in this house, you can bet it's a Dark one," Sirius replied. They had begun in earnest the daunting task of clearing Grimmauld Place of all its Dark Magic and artifacts. As the house itself was practically evil, Sirius highly doubted whether this was a realistic mission. The fact that it was his only mission, however, was infinitely worse. It had only been three months since the Order had set up shop here at Number 12, but for Sirius, the time had stretched on unbearably. Harry's arrival a few weeks prior had brightened his mood, but the feeling in the house was still tense as they all awaited the outcome of his upcoming hearing at the Ministry. "If they do expel me, can I come back here and live with you?" Harry had asked. Sirius had felt a rush of excitement at the thought. Surely his outcast status could only be improved by the presence of a friend. And Harry was so very much like James. "We'll see," he had replied. Definitely , he'd thought. Molly straightened up from the large sack filled with objects they'd cleared from the study. She looked around the room appraisingly. "Well, that ought to be the last of it," she said. "I think you've all earned some lunch." "Lunch?" said Ron, wiping his forehead. "We ought to've earned an Order of Merlin after that." "It was a rather interesting room, wasn't it?" Remus said mildly. The others filtered out, grateful for the reprieve from cleaning. Sirius, however, was not eager for a pause in activity. And he knew he wasn't alone. Several times, in moments like these when they weren't battling Black family heirlooms or chasing Kreacher back to his den, Sirius had caught Harry lapsing into an expression of deepest worry. He thought he quite understood how his godson was feeling. The busy moments were easier. The feeling of having something to do, even something very mundane, was perhaps the only thing preventing him from throwing caution to the wind and disregarding Dumbledore's orders to stay indoors. "I have the strangest feeling there might be more lurking in here," Sirius said. Harry stopped on the threshold and turned back with a small grin as Sirius wandered the newly-cleaned room, looking for an excuse not to join the lunch crowd. In the corner stood a massive walnut cabinet that none of them had been able to unlock. Sirius frowned at it. Surely it was filled with all manner of unseemly artifacts. This had, after all, been his father's study, and the objects they'd found in here had been significantly nastier than the ones confiscated from the rest of the house. "What do you suppose is in there?" Harry asked as he joined Sirius in front of the cabinet. "Only one way to find out. I suppose you know the spell?" Harry grinned. "You're sure?" "Positive. On three." They backed away to the far side of the study, wands pointed at the handsome old cabinet. "One... two... three—" "Bombarda!" With a great crash, the cabinet exploded into bits and sent clouds of dust and wood chips flying in all directions. "Very nice," Sirius laughed. "Excellent form." "Thanks," Harry replied. He waved aside the settling dust and peered into the remains of the cabinet. "It was empty after all." "It can't have been," said Sirius, trying to keep the disappointment out of his voice. He'd been vaguely hoping to encounter his father's old Vivisecting Vest, a brutish device