Author Note : I did not own the harry Potter. The idea of fiction is generated from "The Princess Knight" by Slytherin-nette and "I'm looking 4 my Princess : The search" by Moonlightstream36. The fiction is written by me to tribute readers on Friendship day. Today in my country, we celebrate festival dedicated to the love and duty between brothers and sisters named as "Rakshabandhan". Raksha bandhan means "bond of protection". So I dedicate this fiction to all my brothers and sisters from whole world who will be reading this fiction. Long time ago on mysterious island a civilization was running their day-to-day life. They were far from external word and its affairs. The peoples in kingdom kept their life busy in harvesting food and vegetables in their farms. Recently they also joined habit of occasionally blowing smoke from cigars and drinking butterbear from local bars Three Broomsticks and Hogshead. The king Lucius who ruled over them was very polite and extremely hardworking so his kingdom was always happy. He wished that his son prince Draco take on him and rule the kingdom to see much bright days, but young prince was turned arrogant as he had more influence of his aunt Bellatrix. Bellatrix was appointed as his tutor to teach him how to rule kingdom very finely but along with this she also taught him how he is superior than common peasant people in the kingdom. She also told him he supposed to be with children's of high officers of the kingdom. Vincent Crabbe Jr., Gregory Goyle Jr., Blaise Zabini, Theodore Nott all was the son of high ranked officers. Whenever there was a ball in palace he was always taken Daphne Greengrass, Pansy Parkinson and Tracy Davis. King Lucius did not have problem with his friends or dates he knows all of them are quite well, he just wish that he should learned how to rule over the kingdom finely. He thought for some time and decided to play same thing that his father King Abraxas played with him on his 21st Birthday. King Lucius talked about this to his queen Narcissa about the prince, "darling don't you think our sons 21st birthday will be approaching in 6 months. Traditions says that he is very eligible to take over the kingdom. He also passed the test compiled by all of our Royal instructors. Our royal seneschal informed me that our prince is arrogant when it comes to time when he interact with common peoples of kingdom. I had noticed this too and I am sure you had also." Queen Narcissa think for moment, "My king, yes I observed it too. I suppose it was my fault that my sister taught him about high class ethics and all in his early life so now he is stick to his old habits. The all work done by our instructor to improve his behaviour towards common people is wasted. Please forgive me my king." He had seen deep regret in her eyes. He knows why he loves her so much. He said to the queen, "Darling, it's not your fault. Whatever happened is happened and there should be no crying n spoiled milk." He glanced to queen who laughed warmly over his comforting words. King Lucius further added, "Do you remember, in my days I was same as Draco. Arrogant, Selfish, possessive if you glance in past you add much more things to the list. My father that time king he sent me to visit all part of kingdom in both form the price of kingdom and disguised a local farmer's son who was visiting villages to villages in search of medicines for his ill mother. This helped me to interact with peoples of my kingdom as one of them not as a prince. That way they can more relevant to talk about their problems. I am sure this will help him to learn about people. "Queen Narcissa's face bighted and suddenly she hoped that her son will turn into perfect king just like her father. She told king to just take all precautions so that he will be safe in journey. It was about time when they was getting ready for bed, then queen Narcissa asked king, "On his 21st birthday, the prince should have to present his soon to be queen to the royal court as a tradition. Prince Draco knows about it but he did not specified interest or let us know he had figured out someone who could be his other half. " Lucius huffed and said, "He will told Prince Draco that he should also find his other half when he was visiting the kingdom otherwise he will be bounded to Lady Astoria Greengrass, youngest daughter of Duke of Slytherin realm." Both of them knows their son did not have interest in long term relationship. In childhood under tutorship of his aunt he was dated with Royal court member's daughters of his age but over the time he developed friendly feelings towards all of them. Of his friends now Blaise, Theodore, Vincent Jr., Gregory Jr. all four of them are have good warrior and combat skills and soon they will be joining to prince Draco in his court. Lady Pansy have desire to learn the art of music and dance now she had quite good hand on it. Lady Daphne and Lady Tracy also had trained to be warrior and now they are teaching skill of self-defence to young women's and girls' for self-protection. Lady Daphne also have skill I medical to heal the injured peoples and Lady Tracy have hand to organise events and other celebrations. Their father was not approved much of this idea but along with some promises they give some freedom to their daughters. Now all 8 of them are quite together unbreakable friends, so king Lucius make up mind that all of them will give accompany to prince and queen Narcissa told she will let the ladies of group know what Draco particularly should have find in the girl who will be future queen of their kingdom. In the morning Lucius takes permission from all friends of prince and their parents to send them for journey in kingdom to get to know more for whom they are going to work as a member of royal court. Their parents all agreed to this and they give permission to their children for journey. Now the only task left to tell prince that he have to go on journey of kingdom. King and Queen together goes towards the chamber of their son. When they arrived, the guard on the door told them prince was occupied so prince told him to hold everyone who come asking for prince. Guard could not able to resist from granting entrance to king and queen. When they knocked the door, they listen muffled curses and some sound that generates from scattering of utensils. When Prince Draco opened the door almost on the verge of cursing the person who disturbed his pleasant moments. He winced when he saw his mother and father outside of his door. Queen Narcissa rolled her eyes seeing half naked sate of her son while King Lucius raised his volume and told unwelcomed occupant of room to go out. The girl who covered her body by sheet of bed cloth run out from the room. "What was this Draco, another one night stand? Are you serious about your future, at least for the sake of our kingdom? The future king-to-be should not include in such allegations. What if, the girl got pregnant and accuse you for this, in such case media will not stop throwing ill on your character." King Lucius continues to yell him about his miss behaviour, while Narcissa gently told her son, "My Dragon, you are about to become 21st year old in next 6 months. By then you must have to found out your partner and future queen for our kingdom. The girl who you are going to marry will be queen of our kingdom she must have qualities which will help her to take care of our kingdom with you. Please tell me Dragon you are proceeding with this." Draco winced when he heard his mother calling him by his childhood name and he actually lost count how much time she reminds him that he have to found bride for him by his 21st birthday. Seeing look on Prince Draco's face, Lucius give him warning "If you could not found your wife and future queen then your destiny will be settled with the Lady Astoria Greengrass." Draco horrified with the idea, Lady Astoria have good figure and beauty as any guy desire but she did not have fiery spirit or she did not fight him back. She simply said yes to him for all his order. So in her company he get bored in very little time. He knows they will not going to work out fine. He objected his father, "Father, how I should be found my wife within just 6 months. I absolutely do not want that to be Lady Astoria, yes she have everything we want but with her I get bored in very less time." As always his mother answered to him, "Dragon, we are planning you to send on journey of our kingdom. No, you are not going on this journey as a Prince of kingdom, you are going undisguised as a normal traveller. Your friends will going to accompany you and the royal guards will keep close eye on you throughout entire journey for you and your group safety. Your skills with weapons are excellent but still it is precautionary movements. You will be leaving by tomorrow morning and you are not going to argue with it." Draco frowned, he the prince of kingdom have to journey like a commoner. He thought the fact is disgusting. He moved to object this but his father shut his moth by telling, "If you did not do this then you will be no longer Prince of this kingdom." Seeing warning his eyes Draco accepted their plan and told them tomorrow he will start the journey with his friends. Draco packed his bags with all his elegant, designed dress robes and other valuable artefacts. His parents told him that he is disguised he could not carry then with him. They give him the only one bag with cloths and other necessary things. He enquired them about servant then King Lucius told him they will have to do everything their own, it will give them some important lessons on life. When he was taking live from the castle all of his instructor and king Lucius told him to study the local peoples problem and try to found out answers for them. Draco and his friends walked out of castle for their journey of kingdom. They did not have problem when they was passing through Slytherin realm of their kingdom. Slytherin was the most developed of all four realms. While Ravenclaw realm is home for sage and all intellect persons he also did not have problem there to. He found out some girls there that they could be his interest. He also spend nights with some of them but his heart told him they are not what he was wanted. Pansy, Tracy and Daphne rejected every one he was interested. One girl they found out was matched in their dictionary of proper future queen of kingdom. Her name was Luna Lovegood. Pansy and Tracy meet the girl first at the local inn. She was living with her father who published magazine which have information on wild animals. They found out she have very interest in animals, she like to tame them. She also have much open character. When they settled her meeting with prince. Prince Draco did not found her interesting. He makes fun of her strange earrings and said she had no sense of fashion. Blaise found out her and