Well hello there! This is the first of three epilogues to A Potter's Tale (which I recommend reading first). These are small scenes that didn't have a place in the main story, but I wanted them to happen anyway. Disclaimer: I don't own the Harry Potter series. Let's start by putting Sarah through her own personal hell, shall we? Epilogue 1: The Train It's been quite a while now since the Malfoys started using muggle transportation to get around the UK instead of magic transport. This was mainly for protection, as years of serving the darkest wizard in history leaves a nasty mark, both socially and literally. The small knit family just wanted some peace and be away from attention and heal together. They knew were they went wrong, especially Lucius. And as the three of them spent more time interacting in the muggle world, they realized they weren't all that bad. Sure there were some rude people now and then, but both worlds had their flaws. They had been at this for a long while, blending into the muggle world, and public places were not as daunting of a task anymore. They had found a nice new house as well. In fact, that was where they were headed. So on a summer afternoon if you saw Lucius, Narcissa, and Draco Malfoy on a public train being friendly with other passengers, you wouldn't be surprised. The Dursleys were never fond of public transport. They liked their own car and their own space. But a while ago they were forced to go into hiding, and they had to leave everything they knew behind. The conflict was over, but none of them really wanted to return to world they knew. Of 4 Privet Drive and old routine. The once loud family had become quieter since that day, more aware of the world that paralleled their own then ever. They had become more aware of their surroundings. They hadn't really lost anything, they could have gone back. But it didn't feel right. So they sold that house and only kept some of the things they originally owned. Being in hiding and listening to the events of the war over the radio gave them a reality check about the Wizarding World, especially Vernon. They all saw how hard the wizards worked to protect everything they knew, and those actions protected the muggle world as well. The Order specifically worked hard to protect the Dursleys, and even tried to make them feel at home. This softened them and made them realize wizards and muggles aren't that different, and healed some old wounds as well. By some time later they realized they really wanted a new leaf, and so bought a new house. In fact that was where they were headed. So on a summer afternoon if you saw Vernon, Petunia, and Dudley Dursley on a public train making friendly conversation with other passengers, you wouldn't be surprised. No, if you saw the Malfoys and the Dursleys, once as opposite as could be and now understanding the other like never before, you wouldn't be surprised. You might be surprised that there were no other passengers on this part of the train, but it wouldn't be a big deal. The fact that the six of them happen to have simply wanted a quieter car was all the reason there was to have them meet. Again, it was friendly conversation. Politics, gossip, sports. Nothing too groundbreaking between the pairs as they chatted away. Except they missed one detail. They hadn't noticed a scrunched figure in a corner of one of the seats. They were covered with a jacket and appeared to be asleep, stone still with a slight breathing. There was some carry bags with them, but nothing big or noticeable at first glance. Sarah Evans-Potter was jetlagged. Her flight from Australia was long, but worth it. She had spent 3 weeks with her girlfriend and all the energy finally came crashing down as the train lulled her to sleep. She enjoyed using muggle transport, less strain on her and her magic. Plus she was going back home to the Tonks house and the Burrow. The Tonks house was a usually a somber quiet, one that begs for noise and laughter, something to fill it up again, so that's what she did. Different from the Burrow, which was guaranteed to be loud and noisy and busy while the sun was still up. Point is, sleeping on the train ride home was a good option. She picked a surprisingly empty car and tucked herself in with her jacket, an instinct that mimicked her godfather when he slept on their couch a few times, and unbeknownst to her, on the train as well. She felt the train stop a few times at different stations, but not hers. At one point she heard some people come into the car. But they were friendly and at a decent volume, so she paid no mind and went back to sleep. As it so happened it was Dudley and Draco, now quick friends, who stumbled upon the sleeping professor while on their way to explore the other cars. The closeness of the voices woke Sarah up. In a swift, well-practiced maneuver of putting on her glasses and polite tone of voice without even opening her eyes, she immediately greeted them. Even if it was a groggy "Well hello there". "Sorry to disturb you ma'am" said Draco quickly. Dudley nodded. "Oh it's alright. I needed to get up at some point" she smiled and stood to stretch. "Draco, Dudley, are you boys alright over there?" Petunia called from the other end of the car. The two walked back over to their parents to explain. They saw her, and beckoned Sarah over. "Hello" she said politely. The four adults replied in kind. "How long were you over there? You were hidden very well" Lucius said with a hint of amusement. "A while before you all came. I was sleeping", She said sheepishly. "What stop are you all at?" "Three stops from the now, for all of us. King's Cross." said Narcissa. "Oh my, we haven't properly introduced ourselves," Petunia said, "I'm Petunia Dursley." She put her hand on the man to her right, "This is my husband Vernon," and then gestured to one of the boys standing, "and our son, Dudley", who waved. As she spoke, Narcissa looked at her husband to silently ask if she should mention their last names, and he gave the slightest nod. She spoke next, "I'm Narcissa Malfoy, this is my husband Lucius and our son Draco." Sarah's heart nearly stopped. As I said before, if you knew what led the Malfoys and Dursleys to meeting on a muggle public train one summer afternoon, you wouldn't be surprised. Sarah Evans-Potter was not you. Sarah Evans-Potter did not know any of those things. Sarah Evans-Potter did not know how the two families had changed since they had last been with her brother, let alone last she heard news about them. Sarah Evans-Potter only knew what she knew. Sarah Evans-Potter only knew that she was inside a moving muggle public vehicle with the two families she never wanted to meet face to face, two families that had done her brother wrong and hurt her family for years. There they were. Six people that she hated, the only ones on that particular list people that were still alive, in fact. Sarah Evans-Potter had spent long nights thinking up a thousand words to say to the Malfoys and the Dursleys. Sarah Evans-Potter could say none of the things she had wanted, or thought she wanted, to say to them. Sarah Evans-Potter was very surprised. It took everything in her to not faint right there and maintain composure. She wanted to sit back down, pretend they weren't there and perhaps if she sank low enough in the seat she could just disappear into the void. "Alright, well I'll just go back to my spot. Got some school work to do", as politely and calmly and not-at-all-panicky as she could, turning to walk/run away. "School work? You look a little old to be a student," Narcissa remarked. Sarah turned back to them, reluctantly, to continue the conversation, her mind in survival mode. "N-no, I'm a professor." "Hmmm, you do have that sort of tone about you" said Vernon. "I agree" said Lucius. Oh screw you both. I'm freaking out that's the tone I'm giving off. 'Course any professor that meets the two of you would be scared to death if they had their wits about them so I really shouldn't be surprised you think that's normal. "T-thank you. Well I have a lot to do. Nice to meet you all" she said quickly and hurried as inconspicuously as she could to her seat. She ducked her head down as if to get her bag and stayed out of their line of sight so she could catch her breath, calm down, and think of what the hell to do about this situation. One of us has to leave sooner than later or I might die . "A bit skittish, but pleasant overall" Lucius said. "A beginner," Vernon concluded, "but I'm sure she is a fine teacher nonetheless. Look how eager she is to get working." "Something wrong Draco?" asked Narcissa. "She looks familiar…" said Draco, his face deep with thought. "More than that, she feels a bit familiar too" added Dudley, with a similar face, digging through memory. "Really?" Petunia said surprised, "We haven't met her before." "Nor have we" Narcissa said. It's amazing the work ethic one has when they really don't want to talk to someone. Sarah was getting more accomplished than normal. Her back also hurt more than normal. Both were because of the group of people sitting at the other end of the train car. She continued to look busy, hunched over so she wouldn't make any sort of eye contact. Of all the places! A public train! she thought to herself as she read through her lessons for the 3rd years for the sixth time, tweaking things here and there. Why are they all on a public train?! Both have egos higher than Big Ben, no way they would willingly use something as low as public transport! And muggle too! Oh why are they here… she lamented inwardly. Outside she just grimaced, a vague enough expression. Sometimes their conversations drifted over to her. I'm surprised they haven't realized who's a muggle and who's a wizard. Would have thought it would be a sixth sense of hatred by now. Actually, I wonder why the Malfoys haven't recognized me. My face has been plastered everywhere in the papers since I've been at Hogwarts. Heh, Harry calls it family tradition. A small smile crept to her face. She couldn't wait to be home! But seriously, although she was relieved that the Malfoys hadn't said anything, she wondered if they recognized her at all. They made no signal that they knew her face. This meant they hadn't read the newspapers within the past year. She wasn't surprised that the Dursleys didn't know her. She assumed the Potter family became a repressed memory for them, which was fine by her standards. Harry probably would make a face, but that's fine too. She was the bitter one in this dynamic. Harry was the friendly sarcastic forgiving one, despite his share of traumas and issues. Everyone has their own way of coping, that's one thing she got out of muggle therapy. Like hell she would let her brother be bitter after everything. No way! She couldn't protect him before, so she was going to make up for all those years one way or another. They both were strong but it was in different ways. He was the talker, she was the fist-fighter. He didn't need any more pain in his life. She already hit rock bottom and from then on