We do not own Lord of the Rings, The Hobbit, or any work of J.R.R. Tolkien's. Nor do we own the film trilogy distributed by New Line Cinema. This is fanfiction, created solely for purposes of enjoyment. We're not making money off this story. (We doubt anyone would pay for it, anyway. We would not.) The characters Éohild, Céolwin, Leófe, Bertana, Eafa, and other characters who do not appear in Tolkien's work are created by us, but based on the world of Tolkien. Welcome, one and all, to another obligatory 10th Walker Legomance! But really, thanks for clicking the story and giving it a chance. It means a lot to Senna, who out of the two of us owning this account is the writer for this one. (The other one is Elis, who stays out of it.) This story and concept was started by Senna long ago, in our high school years. (As if. It's only been a few years.) WARNING: As a courtesy to those accustomed to the archive, like Elis (Senna does not read for fear of accusations), yes, we'll get ahead of you and say this is probably a Mary-Sue. Obviously. It's a self-insert 10th walker Legomance. Yes, we know Tolkien really meant to have 9 goodies against Sauron's 9 baddies. Yes, we still want to publish it into the archive anyway. And yes, she is an imaginary sister to Éomer and lovely Éowyn, so AU? She will become friends with those of the Company, and she will be closer in friendship with some members than others, because that's how big groups of people work. The circumstances of her induction into the Fellowship may or may not be acceptable to you, and we accept that. It's the best we could come up with given her background. Doesn't mean you can't complain about it, of course. However, we like to think that Éohild is in no way perfect, and is possibly even relatable. At the start of every chapter, we will explain her insecurities in case it is difficult for you to read her emotions from her actions and thoughts. (Not to be condescending. Elis is not the best at it either, so we decided to add some thoughts as well as actions, but we will still explain for those too shy to ask. Try not to be, though. We'll answer questions happily unless meant to ridicule instead of help.) We would ask you to read on and get to know her yourself to either prove us wrong or right. Hopefully, she isn't that annoying, either. At least not when she's grown up. And don't worry, Witch King slaying belongs to Éowyn and Merry, always and forever, no matter what anyone says. Tell us what you think! This prologue reveals a bit of Éohild's younger years. The Province of Men follows mostly the movies, by the way, with some events taken from the book. (Mostly on how Boromir came to Rivendell.) For those impatient for the movie to start, we will tell you now that it starts at Chapter 3. Apologies for some typos that might occur, just tell us if you see any and we'll change them immediately. One last thing! Théodred looks as he does in the film - young - and his age was adjusted to fit this. That way he is about 31 years old during the attack at Isen, 4 years older than Éomer. [Thanks to twibe for pointing this out! It was Théodred all along, not Théoden, to whom we referred!] Enjoy! The Province of Men Prologue The girl bolted round the corner, lunging past the yelping maidens and ignoring the oncoming reprimands from the older women of the hall. Plates clanged and curses rang out, but she stopped only when she reached the main hall, eyes briefly darting to the dais where the King's throne stood gloriously. When no Uncle of hers sat upon it, she gave a painful yelp and bounded for the great doors. The guards smiled almost expectantly and pulled forward, allowing the pale morning light to flood the hall in a silvery-blue glow. "No!" cried the girl, arms outstretched and doing nothing to correct the sweaty, sleep-mussed hair all over her face, and then dropped her hands on her knees in dismay, panting for breath. Led by Théoden King, the thunderous galloping of horses slipped from the gates of Edoras and turned westward until they were but a wave of brown, black and white sweeping across the green plains of the Riddermark. "Éohild," said a young man not older than twenty summers. He was tall and golden-haired, traits for which their people were well-known, though unlike most men of the Eorlingas was less broadly built than lithe. Prince Théodred of the Mark did not conceal the mirth in his tone. "Had you not slept past midnight, you might have seen Éomer go." Éohild was the youngest daughter of Eomund, husband to the king's beloved sister. She had only seen five winters when Orcs slew her father and grief, her mother, and so kept little memory of them, depending instead on the tales recounted by Éomer and Éowyn, her elder brother and sister. Their uncle Théoden King raised them as his own son and daughters, so it was he she loved like a father, and Théodred a brother Éomer could depend on whenever she and Éowyn were too busy tearing at each other's hair. Ten years old and hardly afraid of her cousin, young and famed Rider though he was, Éohild huffed and crossed her arms. "It is unfair." Beside her, an older female nodded sullenly in agreement. Prepubescent, lanky, and nearly awkward, Éowyn was her sister, two years ahead of her and four years behind their brother. This morning was his very first ride out with their uncle, and she had hoped against hope that Théoden would change his mind and allow her to join them—to no avail. When Éohild would not wake at her prodding, she had gone out of Meduseld on her own. "It is." "I do not think you speak of the same injustice," Théodred laughed. "But they are gone, and there is little to be done about father's decision." "But cousin ," Éowyn whirled at him, gray eyes steeling. "One word from you and Uncle would change his mind. He loves you dearly." "And he is dear to me, in turn. But if only to keep you both safe, I would not speak with him again." Éohild sighed. "Why should we learn to fight if we never partake in battle, cousin?" "For a time I pray will never arrive," was his answer. And then, patting her rumpled hair, he ushered the sisters inside their home. "Come, now. Éohild, I believe breakfast is in order." "Oh!" Éohild jumped, latching onto the prince's hand. "I am hungry." "Éohild!" Éowyn exclaimed, rushing in after them. "You are too easily persuaded." "But I am hungry ," she answered, as though it was reason enough. Éowyn shook her head and took to their cousin's side. "You might deter Éohild, but I know there is no reason for trapping me here!" she said to him in a furious whisper. Théodred continued to steer Éohild to the dining hall, smiling when she glanced at him. He patiently replied to Éowyn, "Neither does a reason exist that tells me why you should join an éored. I guide and train you with the sword; Éohild knives for her little arms—" "My arms are not so little!" He pet her head but did not turn his gaze from Éowyn. "Is that not enough? It has become the standard that a Rider should possess the ability to slay an Orc. Could you? This is not simply a means for gaining honor, cousin." In the hardened gaze reflected in his royal blue eyes, Éowyn could almost see Théodred's father in their younger days, whenever she and Éohild used to shove each other in the mud. Unable to match it, she turned away. Still she muttered, "…yes." The heated mood dissipated when Théodred laughed and said in a singsong voice, "We shall see, Éowyn." And then they arrived at the dining hall, where the prince asked the serving women to prepare their breakfast. They did not see; at least, not until two years passed. The younger of the King's sister-daughters had jumped from the top of Éowyn's chest to above her, so that she reached only Éohild's eyebrows. She took her sister's place not as appearing nearly awkward but completely, though she was not clumsy as one might expect. Meanwhile, Éowyn at fourteen was already in bloom, no longer gangly but slender and beautiful, and all the girls her age and older sighed dreamily at the thought of Éomer, who had grown into their father's lean but broad-shouldered build. Yet Théodred remained the most handsome lad in the Riddermark, and his skill earned him the station of Second Marshal of the Mark. Théodred was away at the Hornburg, as was often of late. After he took the position he passed the guidance of his beloved cousins to Gamling, a lieutenant of his father's, for Éomer believed that his sisters were capable enough of defending themselves and should not be so encouraged to learn the art of war any longer. By this time, the yearning to join the Riders was a desire Éohild now shared with her older sister. Within Éowyn, it intensified till it ached and burned, though she had learned to hide her bitterness with a collected façade for the sake of being a proper Lady to show respect for her Uncle. To her chagrin, Éohild seemed to have taken her constantly-slighted demeanor as well, knowing of but refusing to apply the secret to feigning an air of responsibility leaning towards precociousness at their age, which the maidens preferred to Éohild's surly attitude. The sisters stood together on the highest hill in Edoras, atop the stairs before the doors of Meduseld. It had become a ritual: meeting there with Éomer and granting him good-luck kisses before allowing him to ride off without them. Below, a soft breeze weaved through the thatched roofs of their people. Shielding her eyes from the glaring sunlight with a hand, Éohild watched the dust cloud of the King's Riders disappear past the horizon, where dark clouds gathered together. "This is unforgivable," she declared. "It is," agreed Éowyn, looking quite displeased but without her sister's decidedly sour expression. Éohild frowned at her sister's apparent lack of ardor. "Your tone betrays your indignation." "There is little use for stomping one's feet," Éowyn explained, taking her sister's hand. "Men believe what their eyes see…only by this truth can we prove our worth." Éohild's eyes widened. She shared the hazel of Éomer's, as it was their father's before them. "Do you mean…?" For the past month, Éohild had hounded Éowyn with an idea that came to her one morning, when she was trapped in the kitchen with Wynne, the head cook, learning more recipes the woman swore to the King would benefit her future husband and family. To her misfortune, her uncle had agreed that his sister-daughters should spend a little more time learning kitchen duties so that managing the details of their own household someday would not be so difficult. It was not that Éohild disliked cooking, or chores, or Wynne's fondness of lecturing; she simply had not the patience for waiting. She knew it was a fool's scheme, but it hounded her in thought and dream until her heart accepted it as a sound idea, good enough for a try. In any case, Éowyn refused and swore her plan would be the end of them, and if not then their uncle would surely disown them – but if there was anything Éowyn had ever wanted to do for the Mark, it was to protect her home from any danger that might threaten it, face-to-face. Not setting the table in preparation for the