AU. Instead of your favorite Hunger games characters starting to meet in the 74 th annual games, they meet at the 75 th . All hunger game characters will show up at some point in the story. The Games We Played Chapter 1 – Peeta's past Peeta sat by the window, watching the scenery passing by, and reflecting on his life. He can remember the turning point clearly. He was eleven. It was raining hard especially for April. His mother had heard a noise outside and went to check it out. When she came back in, she was muttering something about 'seam trash' and 'calling the Peacekeepers'. Peeta looked out the window and saw a huddled figure leaning on their sad little tree next to the pigpen. He instantly recognized the figure because of the braid – it was his classmate and friend Katniss Everdeen. 'Didn't her father die recently?' he thought. "Get that bread out of the oven before it burns you pathetic little fool!" his mother yelled. Peeta purposely dropped two loaves of bread into the fire of the oven. He knew that it would cost him but she was worth it. And when he pulled out the two burnt loaves, his mother was right there. She grabbed the rolling pin lying on the counter next to him and smacked him upside the right side of his face. "You fool! Who will buy burnt bread? Throw it to the pigs! I should just keep you out there with them! You about as useful as they are! Wait, they are more useful!" she spat at him. "Yes ma'am" he replies. He grabs the burnt bread. As he walks to the back door, he hears the bell over the front door ring signaling a customer. He thought his luck might just be changing. He walks down the back porch towards the pen. He glances at the window to make sure his mother wasn't watching him. He doesn't see her so he tosses one than the other of the two loaves towards the tree and Katniss. As he's walking towards the back door, he sees Katniss snatch the bread off the ground and run away. What he didn't see was his mother watching the same scene from the window on the back door. As Peeta opened the door, his mother starts to hit him. He doesn't see what he's being hit with but it really hurt! He tries to protect himself as best he can but it's no use. The last thing his mind registers before everything goes black is hearing his mother say, "You are no longer a member of this family! Do NOT ever show your face around this bakery again!" 13 year old Gale Hawthorne was walking home from the Hob when he found the unconscious Peeta bleeding pretty bad in the middle of the street. He looked towards the bakery and saw his friend Rie inside alone. Gale runs to the bakery and goes in. Rie sees him. "If this is about Peeta, mom disowned him and kicked him out. We're not allowed to help or talk to him. Take care of him Gale." He says before turning and walking to the back of the bakery. Gale runs back to Peeta and takes him to the one person who could help him, Mrs. Everdeen. It takes him 15 minutes to get to the Everdeen house. Peeta's breathing is shallow. Gale is worried. Before he has a chance to knock, a short blonde haired girl opens the door. "Gale? Who's that?" she asks as she notices the blood, "Never mind, hurry and get him to the table." She steps back to let him through the door. "Katniss clear the table. Mom, Gale is carrying someone who's bleeding pretty heavy." Even at 7 years old, Prim knows what to do; she's been helping out for the past couple of months. Mrs. Everdeen spends most of her time sitting on the couch, staring at the wall. She ONLY moves if it's an emergency. And Peeta's an emergency. Gale sets Peeta on the table. Katniss hands him a bucket for him to fill while she runs to get more linens and bandages. Prim gathers more candles close by in case they need more light. "What happened?" Mrs. Everdeen asks. Gale shakes his head, "All Rie would tell me was that Mrs. Mellark disowned him and kicked him out. Rie and Wheet aren't allowed to help or talk to him. I'll be right back to help; I need to check in with my mom." He turned and went out the door. "I bet his mother did this – beat him. I saw her hit him earlier with a rolling pin," says Katniss quietly. "He tossed me those 2 burnt loaves of bread. Just help him." Mrs. Everdeen and Prim begin to clean him up, first cleaning the blood off. They start with his head. He has a couple places that need stitches. Once those are done, they work on his face. His right eye is black and swollen, his nose is bleeding but not broken, his upper lip is split, and he bit his tongue making it bleed. They move down removing his shirt. His ribs are badly bruised. Mrs. Everdeen suspects some are cracked so she wraps them. Gale returns in time to help remove Peeta's pants. He is sickened by what he sees. Peeta has a broken leg! Mrs. Everdeen and Gale set it as best they can. She bandages it up and uses the last of her resin stores to firm up the bandages. When they're all done and everything is cleaned up, she sends Katniss and Prim to bed. She turns to Gale. "You can head home Gale if you want." "I'm going to stay if you don't mind. When I went home earlier I asked mom to take Peeta in. She agreed. I'd like to tell him when he wakes." Mrs. Everdeen smiles at Gale. "Stay as long as you want. He can go with you tomorrow. And it's very nice of your family to take him in." Gale looks over to Peeta saying, "His brother is my friend. I know how his mother treated him yet he is still a kind-hearted boy. He deserves better." Gale sits in a chair next to Peeta and Mrs. Everdeen goes to bed. The next morning, Peeta wakes up and has no idea where he is but is in pain. He hears a noise and turns his head to see Gale sitting there with his head on his arms, snoring quietly. He tries to sit up but the sharp pain causes him to moan waking Gale. "Hey Peeta! You're awake. I'd ask how you're feeling but I heard that moan." says Gale smiling at Peeta. "Where am I and how'd I get here?" he asks. Gale looks at him, his face serious, "I saw you in the street last night, all bloody and not moving. Rie told me your mother kicked you out. I picked you up as best I could and brought you here to the Everdeen house. Prim and Mrs. Everdeen fixed you up. While they were doing that, I ran home to talk to my mom." He gives Peeta a moment to take everything in before continuing. "There's one more thing Peeta. Since you can't go home, you need somewhere to go. So, after talking to my mom, you are going to come live at my house." Peeta looked at the older boy in shock, "I'm living with you?" he asks. "Yes," replies Gale. "But it won't be easy. You are going to learn to hunt with me. With you living with us, it makes for six mouths to feed. I'm really going to need your help." Peeta smiles, "I'd love to learn to hunt and help your family in exchange for a roof over my head. Thank you Gale." "No problem buddy" replies Gale. An hour later, after Mrs. Everdeen gives her okay, Gale takes Peeta to his new home. When they arrive they find Gale's mother in the living room with Peeta's brother Rie. "Peeta, are you okay?" asks Rie. "I'm fine but if mother finds out you've talked to me you'll be in trouble." Peeta says. "Dad sent me here after sending mother to run the errands. He also sent your stuff," he says pointing to a large box. "He packed it while mother was sleeping. He said to tell you to take care of yourself. I got to go. Thank you for the tea Mrs. Hawthorne. Good bye." With that Rie left. Gale helps Peeta to the seat Rie vacated. He then gets the box for Peeta. Inside the box were Peeta's clothes, shoes, art supplies, and a smaller box. Inside the smaller box were 6 cheese buns and 3 loaves of bread which he promptly gave to Mrs. Hawthorne saying, "Thank you for taking me in, Mrs. Hawthorne. As soon as I can, I will be happy to help you in whatever way I can." She takes the bread. "Please call me Hazel, Peeta. When Gale told me what happened it was never a question in my mind to have you live here. Plus, I know he'd love to have a hunting partner." It is later decided Peeta will sleep on the couch until his cast comes off and better arrangements can be made. The next 6 weeks pass slowly for Peeta. In that time, Peeta becomes great friends with Gale and Katniss. She even celebrates her 12th birthday at the Hawthorne's with her friends. She brings Peeta's homework to him. She said it was to pay him back for the bread and the beating he got. He tried to tell her it wasn't her fault that it most likely would've happened anyway. She just shrugged and helped him anyway. It was a warm May morning when Peeta's cast finally came off. Gale had helped him to the Everdeen's house. As soon as it was off and Mrs. Everdeen gave him the okay, the three friends went to the electric fence to sneak into the forest. They checked to make sure the electricity was off before climbing through the hole in the fence. Katniss leads the boys to a hollowed out log where she keeps her bow and arrows. She decides that she will teach the boys to shoot. Gale then leads them to where he sets his snares, collecting 2 rabbits and a squirrel. The two younger kids are impressed and want to learn how to set one. He then shows them how to throw a knife by having them aim for a large tree. After about an hour, Katniss decides to hunt with her bow for a bit. Gale has Peeta practice setting snares and throwing knives at a smaller target. They stay in the forest for the whole day. When they finally decide to head out, the three friends have 4 rabbits, a hare, and 3 squirrels. They saw a deer but Peeta stepped on a twig and it ran. He kept apologizing to his friends, but they weren't upset. It was his first time in the forest after all. Over the next two months, the three friends go into the forest daily. Gale and Peeta have improved significantly with a bow. Peeta and Katniss have improved with knife throwing and setting snares. Peeta's step is slowly getting lighter. They begin to discuss the reaping. The reaping is coming as is Peeta's birthday which is in 2 days. It will be both Katniss and Peeta's first reaping and Gale's second. They're scared. Afraid of what will happen to the two families if they are chosen. They make a pact, the three. If one is reaped the remaining two will care for the two families. If two are reaped, the remaining one will care for the families, teaching the younger ones to hunt and help gather. Reaping day comes and