Stephenie Meyer owns these characters. All dialogue borrowed from Twilight is purely for clarification. No infringement of copyright is intended, only my admiration. Many thanks to my fabulous betas: Lezlee, Jules, and kitty_cullen. Thanks also to EdwardsDJ, an insightful and savvy reviewer. A/N: This story was born before I knew about Midnight Sun. I'd already written several chapters before I found a link to the "First Sight" character development on Stephenie Meyer's website. Had I scrolled up the page, I would have seen the post about the leaked draft and probably abandoned this project entirely. I'm very glad now that I didn't. The more that Edward develops his unique voice, the more I enjoy communing with him. I still haven't read the rest of Midnight Sun , and nor do I plan to until I'm finished writing this. The plot follows canon very closely until the Meadow chapters, and some of the early chapters contain a lot of canon dialogue-though less so as the story progresses. I was less than enamored with the plot of Twilight after Bella visited Edward's house, so I've taken artistic license with the second half of the book. The shift to AU is deliberately subtle. Finally, I intend to post a version of the "First Sight"-equivalent chapter of Fox Fire that I shelved (once I actually get around to working on it, that is). For now, I'm delighted to have rediscovered a love for writing that I thought I'd lost, and I thank Edward for bringing it back. We begin with the flight to Alaska . . . Playlists: I can't write without listening to music. Sometimes it inspires the prose, other times a piece just fits the words. There are three playlists for this story: Fox Fire (which spans the entire story arc) , Lost Weekend (for chapter 9), and Together Alone (for chapters 19 & 20). They're all on Grooveshark if you're inclined to follow them: grooveshark # / user / woodlily / 8617551 / playlists ?src=5. Playlist Picks for Flight : Map of the Problematique – Muse Street Spirit (Fade Out) – Radiohead I do not love you as if you were salt-rose, or topaz, or the arrow of carnations that propagate fire. I love you as certain dark things are to be loved, in secret, between the shadow and the soul. SONNET XVII ~ PABLO NERUDA 0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~ FLIGHT Carlisle was waiting for me in his office at the hospital, as he'd promised in response to my page. He was late for surgery but neither his voice nor his thoughts betrayed the slightest impatience as he ushered me inside. He knew from my message that something was terribly wrong. As I gave my disjointed narration of what I'd been through that afternoon, the pity in his eyes grew almost unbearable. And he said everything I'd expected him to: You don't have to go back to the school, we can work something out. Let us help you. It was the very last thing I wanted to hear. "I have to leave." I realized I'd already made the decision. There was no other solution. Her blood—just thinking about made me crave it. Conjured the aroma. The taste . I knew what it would taste like and I wanted it. How could I stop myself from hunting her down? What violence might I perpetrate on that innocent girl if I stayed? Ancient grief and regret washed to the surface of Carlisle's mind—the same grief I'd caused when I'd left him before, all those years ago—and I couldn't bear it. "Please," I could only beg. "Let me go." "Go where?" he asked aloud, then continued appeasing me silently. As if anyone else would've been listening anyway. It doesn't matter. We'll come with you, if that's what you want. We'll get through this as a family. I couldn't ask them to give up their lives for me—it would have been the height of selfishness. I didn't need the additional burden of that guilt. No, what I needed was clarity of thought, and for that I had to get away. Somewhere. Anywhere. I needed to be alone. In the end, he knew better than to argue with me. In fact, it was masterful the way he convinced me that the decision to get out of Forks for a while was actually my own. His car had a full tank of gas so he let me borrow it. It didn't occur to me until later that he had done so to give me incentive to return. At that moment, I was grateful for his promise to break the news of my departure to Esme himself. I would not have had the strength to leave in the face of her grief. I don't remember much about the drive north. I just knew that I couldn't slow down and I couldn't stop. I didn't want to think, just to get as far away as possible from danger, from evil. From what Bella Swan had awoken in me. I wanted the silence and the endless blackness to numb me but from the depths of the pine forest her dark eyes stared back at me, searing into my soul. What are you? they seemed to ask. A monster. My only response. I just kept driving, and driving. By morning, I found myself at the Alaskan border. I knew now where I was going. Home. Sanctuary. Denali. When I passed through the park gates it was late afternoon and the jagged saw tooth peaks were backlit by a fading winter sun. How I used to take that vista for granted! My perfect recall had not done it justice; it was even more stunning than I'd remembered. But I couldn't marvel at the beauty. With another hour or so left to travel, and a highway that hadn't been ploughed for weeks, I welcomed the opportunity to give my attention to the road. It took my mind off things. It was necessary to leave the car at a ranger station a few miles out; in winter the settlement was only accessible by four-wheel drive or snowmobile. Neither snow nor cold were considerations for me, but it was annoying that I hadn't thought to bring decent footwear. I realized just how much I'd missed the place as I rounded the switchback cresting a lip of terminal moraine, and caught my first view of the gracious chalets below. Had it really only been two years? The garage-like service buildings had been expanded in our absence. The weather station too, was more extensive. It was housed in its own building now, and the new satellite dish was much larger than its predecessor. My three cousins―sisters in name only, like my siblings and I―along with their companions, Carmen and Eleazar, had made their home here for well over a century. Thanks to Eleazar's recent connections with the University of Alaska, they continued to reside in this national park, undisturbed, under the auspices of a weather monitoring station. High speed Internet allowed the entire project to be accessed remotely, though the scientists who made the infrequent visits for equipment repairs were never in any danger. Indeed, many of the males had become extremely fond of Tanya, Kate and Irina. The first time my father brought me to meet this coven of like-minded vampires I was a skittish newling, only a year into my new life, and still learning to navigate this strange new existence. There were times during that first year that I truly felt the sights, the sounds, and the overwhelming, unceasing thirst for human blood would drive me mad. From my father and my cousins, I learned that I wasn't doomed to an eternal half-life feeding on humans. I embraced their moral alternative, enjoying, even excelling at the hunt. I strove to emulate them, to make them proud of me. But the monster inside was never silenced, only kept at bay. How many times had I disappointed my father? One hundred and eight, to be precise. Their faces and names were as clear to me now as they ever were. I had almost added twenty more names to that list of failures yesterday. We'd returned to the residence we kept here many times over the decades. Carlisle built it before he met my 'mother', but it was she who turned the large house into a home, one that grew incrementally larger as my other siblings and their mates were welcomed into the fold. Food was plentiful: a migrating buffet of big game and big predators. We had the company of kindred spirits, and the freedom to come and go as we pleased without fear of being seen. You cannot imagine the luxury of being able to go out in the sunlight―to feel it warm your skin―after spending so many years in twilight. We had been sybarites here. But a dozen sparkly people roaming the tundra couldn't remain incognito forever, nor could two covens of vampires occupy one territory without friction. When the hordes of summer tourists discovered the feeding habits of the local grizzlies, we knew it was time to move on. We'd parted from my cousins with regret and, to be honest, some relief. There'd been awkwardness between Tanya and I over the years. She'd become nearly as adept as Carlisle about hiding her thoughts around me so her objections to my departure for Washington were unexpected, and a little embarrassing. Nevertheless, she remained a good friend. I trusted she'd understand I was looking for peace while I was here. The perimeter's bear alarm announced my arrival―I deliberately tripped it―and Tanya's thoughts were immediately clear and close by. I could sense no other vampires in the compound, but she'd been expecting me. It only took moments for her shadow to emerge from the swirling snow, strawberry blonde hair whipping about her face and white skin shimmering in the dying rays of afternoon sunlight. Eternally beautiful and forever twenty-five, she was old enough to have seen the passing of nearly two millennia. After all this time, she still scared the hell out of me. She was delighted to see me, but deliberately kept her thoughts low-key. She never took my ability lightly. "My dear, it has been too long!" She planted her customary kisses on both sides of my face, and then pushed me away a little, her gaze raking me up and down. I could barely return it. "You look like hell, Edward," she declared. I shrugged. "Sorry I didn't call ahead. This trip was kind of spontaneous. The rain . . . gets a bit much this time of year." "And you were looking for some sun." To her credit, she went along with my sham. "You would like to stay for a while? Yes?" Her accent was the one thing about her that didn't totally intimidate me. It always became more pronounced when she was excited, making her sound a bit like a character from a Boris Karloff movie. She smiled broadly and took me by the arm. "Oh, you must ! Irina's away; you can use her rooms. Everyone will be so pleased to see you. Carmen and Eleazar will be back from Anchorage later tonight but Kate's here now. She, uh, has a new boyfriend, did you know that?" "Another one?" She smirked. "Some miner she picked up in the Yukon. I can't stand him; you'll see why. Just don't say anything if you meet him, all right?" I nodded, not really paying attention to her chatter. He really does look awful. I wonder what's wrong. "So, where is this road trip taking you?" "What? Oh. Nahanni." "That's a long way," she said, eyeing the very obvious fact that I carried no luggage. She made no further comment, and her stride picked up to match pace with her speech. "You will hunt with us tonight, won't you? Are you up for some climbing?" "That sounds good." "Thought you'd like that." She indicated towards one