Hello everyone! This is a new story I've also had brewing for a little while. Hope you enjoy it! Summary: Isabella Swan is a seventeen-year-old senior and top student at the prestigious private school Lynwood High. Her entire world is flipped upside down when the new chemistry teacher, Mr. Cullen, moves into town. When they meet, there's an instant spark of attraction, and they both fight temptation before giving in. Now they have a secret that must be kept at all costs. Will they be able to hide their feelings for one another? Or will their secret cause consequences they never imagined? What's done in the dark will come to light. M for language and secret lemons and adult situations. Disclaimer: I don't own the characters, SM does. I own the plot and location however! That goes for the entire story. Enjoy and see you at the bottom! Chapter 1- Rendezvous Secret: Something that is kept or meant to be kept unknown or unseen by others. Secrets. We all have them. They can be big or small but in the end we all have something that we hide from the world, letting no one or only a select someone know. Sometimes we keep them to avoid consequences of our own actions. Sometimes we keep them because we're worried about how we'll look to others. Sometimes we keep them because we don't want to hurt someone, or because we want to keep something good for ourselves just that little while longer. Yea, everyone has secrets. A lot of times, though, secrets get revealed. There's a saying that once someone knows a secret, it's no longer a secret, and I suppose it's true. It's only a matter of time before it's revealed, either by someone who can't keep confidences, or by a slip of your own tongue, or just by a situation that brings it all to light. Secrets are dangerous things, and they have the potential to affect people and events to a degree that you would never fathom. This is the story of my secret and how it changed my life forever. I can't wait to graduate and leave this place. That's what keeps running through my mind this morning as I look around my lunch table. Here at Lynwood Academy in Washington, we're the elite, the best of the best, the most popular, athletic, and smart kids in town. We're an impenetrable group...or so it seems like to the outside. But really, everyone here has something they keep close to their chest. Take Rosalie Hale, for instance. On the outside, she's damn near perfect- a little bitchy, but with a smoking body, wavy blonde hair, and crystal blue eyes. She's also the captain of the cheerleading team, leading them to victory in the nationals the first year she was voted in, as well as the best student in mechanics. But what no one- besides me- knows is that she's been having an ongoing affair with Emmett McCarty, the African-American social studies teacher's assistant who also happens to be her step-brother, for two years now. You don't want to know how I found out. Let's just say there's a reason why I get nauseous every time I think of social studies. Then there's Maria Gonzalez. She's the captain of the volleyball team and really attractive in that Hispanic kind of way, with a curvy, toned body, long ringlets of dark brown hair, and light brown eyes. She's outspoken and friendly with everyone, but she too has her secrets, the biggest of which is that she uses volleyball to cover up the bruises she gets from her drunken, abusive dad at least three nights a week. Next is Jasper Hale, lead quarterback of the football team and all-American boy, complete with wavy blond hair, piercing gray eyes, and handsome-boy-next-door looks. He's the most popular guy in the school and Rosalie's cousin as well as Maria's long-term boyfriend. But he's also addicted to pills and is starting to dabble in heroine to escape the demise of his parent's marriage, unbeknownst to anyone but Rosalie and I. You can find him buying his weekly supply of drugs on the other side of town once a week, though the days may differ for the sake of keeping it a secret. Next is Riley Biers, Jasper's best friend since childhood. Leader of the student council and third ranked in the school, he's always voted school's most likely to become president and looks the part with his generic sandy blonde hair, gray eyes, and aristocratic demeanor. His father is the town mayor and comes across as one of the most honest, humble men, but little does anyone know that he uses some of the town's money to gamble and get a woman to warm his bed every once in a while. And Riley, following in his father's footsteps, secretly takes trips out of town to go betting on horse races at least twice a month, taking Maria with him with no one- including his best friend Jasper- the wiser. We have a new edition to the group, one Alice Cullen. She's really cute and tiny with black hair cut into a bob, huge hazel eyes, and an energetic, friendly personality that instantly endeared her to me. I feel closer to her than the rest of the group that I've grown up with and she's already made her niche, becoming the event planner and decorator for school events and dances. She's the first student who has managed to ingratiate herself into our group and she did it so seamlessly that it feels like she's always been here. She only moved here a few months ago and plays her cards close to her vest, so I'm not sure what her secrets are just yet. But judging by the looks she's casting Jasper's way and the sly glances he takes when he thinks no one is looking, I have a feeling she'll have one soon. And then there's me. And who am I? I'm Bella Swan, the school's top student and winner of every academic competition in the East Coast area. Math, spelling, writing, science- you name it and I've probably got the number one trophy lying around somewhere along with a picture of me shaking hands with Obama himself. Long mahogany hair and dark brown eyes, almost scarily pale skin and a body with curves in all the right places, and a brilliant brain that I was lucky enough to inherit from my grandfather complete me. You may ask how I know everyone's secrets. The answer is: I don't know. I always seem to find them out or get them told to me. It's a blessing and a curse that I've learned to live with. Your next question may be about what secrets I'm hiding. Well, I currently only have one. And it's twirling a shiny red apple in its hand, whistling casually as it walks out of the cafeteria. That's the signal. I look around the small lunchroom surreptitiously, making sure that no one is paying attention. It's a waste of time; here it's every man for himself and no one thinks of anyone outside of their own circle. So a few minutes later I'm able to leave my table easily, claiming that I forgot to finish an assignment. Alice raises her head and her eyes narrow slightly, but she seems to shrug it off when she notices Maria giggling at something Jasper said. I force myself to walk slowly, smiling at the stray students in the hallways as I go to my locker, entering my combination swiftly once I arrive. My mouth is dry, my hands sweating as I pull out the small blue origami Swan, unfolding it swiftly and skimming over the neat, heavy-handed scrawl. JCWW My heart pounds with excitement as I run my fingers over the letters gently, a small smile appearing on my face as I fold it back and place it in the small box in my locker holding all of the others. I run my hands over my hair and clothes self-consciously as I walk swiftly down the hallways, making several turns before I come to the old unused west wing of the school. I immediately spot the third door leading to the large old janitor's closet and walk over, looking around before cracking it open and slipping inside quickly. As soon as I close the door hands grab and turn me, pulling me against a warm, solid mass before hot lips attack my mouth. My head spins as my body spontaneously combusts with heat and I immediately reach up to entangle my hands in thick, soft hair, a whimper escaping my lips at the burst of spice on my tongue. There's a groan and then those lips move to my ear, the hot pants of breath sending small shivers down my spine. "Fuck, I thought you were never going to come," a deep voice rumbles, and I pull back, letting my eyes adjust to the dim lighting before I see him. He's all messy bronze hair, swollen pink lips, and smoldering green eyes, a combination that hasn't failed to send my heart racing since I first saw it three months ago. He's able to set me on fire in one instant like no one else ever has, and I'm helpless against it. Against him. "I always come," I say breathlessly, well aware of my double entendre. I'm rewarded when his eyes visibly darken, becoming hooded and dangerous in that way that makes my insides throb. "Mmmm, you do, don't you? Yea, I make sure of that," he grumbles grittily, moving his lips down to my throat and sucking gently, and I feel my knees go weak. I clutch onto his broad shoulders as I whimper and he chuckles smugly as he licks and sucks where my pulse is pounding beneath the skin of my neck. His large hand moves down to the neckline of my shirt to cup my breast firmly, sending shockwaves of heat and electricity to my nipples and making them harden immediately. "You wore a skirt today," he points out, his other hand trailing up the back of my thigh before gripping the skin where it meets my ass. He gives me a reprimanding nip on the neck before soothing it with his tongue. "All those bastards were looking at your ass today. Wanting a peek. Wanting what's mine." My heart thrills at the possessive tone of his voice and actions, a fresh wave of wetness soaking my panties. "I only wore it for you," I whisper breathlessly, running my hands through his hair and down the strong line of his neck before pressing a kiss against his forehead. His hand moves up in response, gripping the plentiful flesh of my ass firmly and pulling me against him more firmly. I can feel the hardness of his erection against me and whimper as I begin grinding against him slowly, desperate to ease the aching fire between my legs. "Good girl. You feel that?" He's panting now as I slip one hand under his shirt, running it up the smooth, firm ridges of his abs as the other reaches between us to rub him firmly through his pants. "Fuck," he hisses, his hips pressing into my hand as both muscles jump under my touch, and I giggle, heady with the fact that I affect him as much as he does me. He lifts his head from my neck and smirks. "You think that's funny?" I bite my lip and nod my head, unable to suppress my smile. He pulls away and tears his shirt over his head swiftly, revealing the smooth lines of his sculpted torso and chest and the sexy trail of reddish-brown hair between the V of his hips. His skin is pale, dotted with small brown moles, and he smirks as I gulp audibly. "Still funny?" he asks with an arch of a thick