This little story is merely my fiction, and of course all characters belong to J.K. Rowling and so does everything she has mentioned which has inspired me to write this. There are parts I've borrowed from her as guidance of course when I merely expanded the plot. I was supposed to write a one shot, then ended up with this which will be a few chapters longer... The lake was glistening in the gloom moonlight. Fog clouded the lake and appeared nearly motionless over the still water. The deep trees of the forest on the other side appeared blurred in their lines. In the very early morning, two exceptionally different individuals stood close to one another. Cheek to cheek they held each other and slowly moved to the rhythm of their two hearts, which had only in tonight's honour become one. Different, although equally talented in each way; A young woman, and a man quite a few years older than her had found one another. He, possessed the cleverness of the cunning, and the ambition of a man with determination. It was no doubt that he always did what pleased him, and did not hesitate to sacrifice in order to achieve his own goals based on his principals. She, was gifted with a warm and gentle heart which could alleviate any heart cold from a tormented past. Fair as she was, she was a light in his dark presence. Tolerant, and unafraid of toil she could deal with this man in a way which the other two founders could not. The difference between all of them were beginning to put spanners in the works, and cracks were already beginning to take form in their relationship; Beginning to induce damage beyond what even their far stretched magical abilities could mend. This night, however, neither Salazar nor Helga was concerning themselves with thinking about the matter. The warmth of her cheek felt gentle against his, holding her hand in his and holding her waist with his other was a bliss. The hand of hers which wasn't caught in his rested upon his green satin covered shoulder. How was it that the two of them had ended up there this particular night? "Salazar, please..." Helga insisted earnestly when entering his sacred office in the dungeons, just seconds after its inhabitant had arrived. The man she had spoken to turned around when realising she had entered. He still looked aggravated from recent quarrels with the other two founders, now also astonishment was intermingling with his former face expressions. Helga rushed over to him while she spoke hurriedly, fretful for what marks had been permanently set on their companionship and what this would do to their school "I know we all have our differences, still, let us look past-" "H-How... how did you get in here?" he interrupted her, baffled yet annoyed. The young woman with the strawberry blonde strands of curls which had escaped her coiffure, and were now dangling around her concerned round face, slowed her feet and hesitantly stopped her words from coming out of her mouth. She stood quiet before him, and when being confronted with a whole other subject than the one she felt required to discuss, she suddenly felt guilty to confess. However, she knew she would do best in speaking the truth, as always. Her gaze was on other than Salazar when she spoke. "I happened to know how to get in." She said with a casual voice, and a slight shrug, yet her eyes revealed guilt and therefore roved around in another direction to avoid his scrutinizing gaze. "and how was it you came across this utmost secret and private information?" he asked quite sternly, yet casual as he placed his hands behind of his back while awaiting her answer. "Well..." she began, and her mouth shaped into beginnings of different vocals as she delayed to answer for the simple reason that she, as it happens, feared to do so. "Helga!" Salazar exclaimed impatiently. His temperament was yet another proof of his difference from this woman, she was as patient as he was temperamental. Helga jumped and met his eyes at once with a bewildered expression on her face. "One of the house-elves confessed to me one evening what he had by accident witnessed." She calmed herself with a swift deep breath and continued steadily. "he thought, with good intentions, that I might find the information useful. " Salazar Slytherin felt himself becoming further annoyed by her presence. 'Would this aggravation not end' he thought to himself; For every minute's passing he was further away from a peaceful mind. "You and your bloody beloved house elves Helga." He muttered. She blinked. "There is no use to insult me, Salazar. Nor them." Her head lifted in a proud facade. "You do know, if you treated them with some respect they might be of more use to you as well. You are also their master." He scoffed, "Respect? For a house-elf?" He scorned - house-elves were meant for labour and obedience, nothing else. They certainly were not worthy of more than he gave them, they were creatures, not wizards, and they needed to be treated as such. Nor their wits or their abilities could compare to a wizard's or a witch's, they were meant to slave, it was what they were designed for. The serious expression on the witch's face told him that she was not amused, actually, she was fairly angry, and Helga was not one to be angered easily. He cleared his throat while letting his amusement vanish, and so he was serious again. "You had no right to retrieve that information." He then said firmly. Helga did not know if she was the one to become amused now since they both knew he would have done far more to retrieve such information about the other's secrets. Helga had not asked for this information, she had not sent the elf to collect it, she had simply been told one night without asking for it. Salazar surely knew how to get into her chambers, if he would ever find the need to he most certainly had prepared himself in advance. "Perhaps" she admitted, with a teasing smile lingering on her lips. Salazar again and again found himself to be underestimating this woman, she had more wit than she ought to have pursuant to her appearance. Although, she did not possess the cleverness of Rowena, he was sure of that, no, she had a wit of her own. "Now, leave me alone." He then spat, turning to enter his bedchamber which was located next to his ' secret office' . "Now Salazar, let's be reasonable." She begged. "Reasonable?" he spun around. "Were any of you reasonable?" Helga looked away from his stare with sad eyes. "Godric certainly wasn't afraid of making his thoughts known to me as I revealed my proposition. We have discussed this before, although, this time he made it clear he would not even consider it. Unafraid of aggravating me he declared his answer on the subject - Unlike you..." he was now walking her way, slowly coming closer. "who was sitting there in the distant corner of the room, not uttering a word." The young woman met his gaze and he looked into a pair of blue eyes framed by a few reddish curls which had escaped earlier as she had hurriedly ran after him. "Say... could it be you were afraid? Afraid to speak up about your thoughts - since I know you do not approve of my beliefs." There was a silence between the two of them. He was now standing so close to her that she could feel the scent of him, a scent, which to her nearly mortifying guilt, greatly appealed to her. "I was not afraid, I am not afraid of you." She said clearly. Something dangerous then flickered in the grey eyes of the man before her, something that was meant to intimidate her, surely. "Even so, I fear for others. You may not frighten me as I do not fear for my own sake, however, I do fear for my pupils." She continued. Her eyes narrowed. "Those beliefs of yours are dangerous should you let them control your mind." This was a reminder, and a certain warning. Salazar did not need her warnings. "I've made up my mind Helga a long time ago, I will not ever approve of these impure beings you let into our magnificent school - I've worked much too hard to let it be ruined by mistrustful folks." "Why do you think them to be mistrustful?" she suddenly asked. It was her beloved students he was conversing about. It was a question Salazar certainly knew the answer to, even so, he did not want to answer it, it was far too personal. "I have my reasons." He said simply, and straightened his posture. "Now would you be so kind - a quality you seem to value within yourself - and leave." He did not want to discuss any further with her, since the course of the conversation had taken a turn he did not favour. "If you insist." She spoke quietly, with no doubt of being hurt. No tears were visible though, to his great relief. Having her weep was not what he intended, he merely wanted to be left alone. "I do insist." He said coldly. Helga looked him once more in the eye before she turned on her small feet which were hidden underneath her brown dress with gold embroidery, to leave. He glanced at her silhouette discretely as she turned her back to him, and watched the silky fabric of her earthly coloured dress sweep the floor lightly behind of her. Finally alone, Salazar felt a sting of guilt as he wondered if he had been too hard on her. His hand went up to his short black, newly trimmed, beard, and while he came close to remorse he scratched it absently. No! He would not regret his actions, and so his hand fell to his side as he stormed into his office. Even if he would find out later that she actually had wept he would not yield to such pitiful emotions which were about to take a hold on him simply because of a mere woman - a mere witch. Weeks passed, and both staff and students could sense the tension between the founders. For every day it became all the more intense as Salazar isolated himself from the others further; they barely spoke to one another and Helga watched with sorrow in her eyes how their friendship dissolved. Godric seemed to be wanting to at least be able to speak with Salazar and not let their opinions affect the atmosphere 'for the sake of everyone else' he had expressed himself. Salazar on the other hand dismissed the intent of Godric and bitterly kept to himself, yet this did not affect his students in a negative manner, at least when it came to learning for his methods of teaching were still as qualified as they had been proven to be before. Still, Helga sincerely doubted that this isolation Salazar put himself in would be good for him, and so one night her predictions were proven to be true. It was late evening, and most of her students had gone to bed and were presently sleeping soundly in their beds. She found a young student, only in her first year, sleeping on the couch where she had fallen into slumber in front of the fire. It was easy finding sleep in such a place, the environment was warm and comfortable to be in. With earthy colours to behold and soothe any bewildered mind. Helga made a blanket swiftly fly across the room and into her hand, and so she spread it over the girl's little body. Then she stroked the brown curls with a gentle touch of her hand, as