Full Summary: If you could be positive that all hardships, pain, and difficulties you encountered would lead you and the ones you loved to boundless happiness…to what extent would you be willing to suffer? How much would you be willing to surrender? How much would you be willing to lose? My name is Isabella Swan. My answer is everything. Twenty-year-old Bella and her family are forced to live a life in hiding after her father is killed by the Volturi, the immortal council that governs Amaranthines. Bella and her family are only half Amaranthine and in the eyes of the Volturi, they are considered a disgrace to immortality and are in need of immediate eradication. Bella spends her days with her longtime best friend, Edward Cullen. They've been in love for as long as they can remember but one thing stands in their way: Amaranthines receive a special imprint and their soul-mate bears the other half. Bella and Edward's imprints do not match, therefore they are not meant to be. When a stranger enters Bella's life, possessing the other half of her imprint, she is torn between following the rules of her kind and listening to her heart. However, none of that will matter when the Volturi comes knocking at her door. Chapter 1 – The Past " For we live with those retrievals from childhood, that coalesce and echo throughout our lives, the way shattered pieces of glass in a kaleidoscope reappear in new forms and are songlike in their refrains and rhymes, making up a single monologue. We live permanently in the recurrence of our own stories, whatever story we tell."- Michael Ondaatje I pressed the phone to my ear and listened to the ringing on the other end of the line. "Come on, pick up." I whispered as I cocooned myself in a heavy blanket, attempting to fight the cold of the basement. I finally heard his husky voice after five long rings. "Hello?" "Edward," I breathed, allowing my taught muscles to relax. He chuckled. "Worried about me?" His playful tone calmed me as I pictured his crooked smile. God, I missed him so much. "Always," I answered without hesitation. "Did you find somewhere safe to stay tonight?" The shuffling noises in the background piqued my curiosity even more. "Yeah," his loud yawn echoed in my ear, followed by a soft snicker. "I'm in the penthouse at The Ritz." "Very funny," I offered a fake laugh, pulling my knees to my chest. "You're probably ordering pay-per-view and room service while I'm stuck barricaded in this basement all night." I scrunched my nose at the thought. "Don't forget the sexy maid that's waiting on me hand and foot." His teasing filled me with the warmth I lacked, but his comment didn't fail to make my jealousy rise. "I'm at some hole-in-the-wall motel, baby. No room service, unless you count the vending machine in the lobby. You have it way better than me." "No sexy maid?" I raised my eyebrows, wishing I could climb through my phone and be with him. "No sexy maid." "Better not be. As long as you're safe, I really don't care where you are." I shrugged my shoulders, "But I wish you were here. I hate the idea of you being so far away, especially during a full moon." Edward sighed from the other line. "I know. I do, too." I tried not to overreact, but I couldn't help the mild irritation that bubbled to the surface. "How are you so calm about this? I'm over here freaking out." "I'm far from calm, Bella. It's taking everything in me not to leave right now and come to you. But this is something I have to do. I need to go to their graves. I need closure." "I know." I told him, completely able to relate. "I'd never take that from you. Just please make sure you keep your door locked tonight, okay?" I pleaded with him. "You know a locked door isn't going to save me from them." "Just promise." "Of course, Freckles." He relented, patronizing me. "You just worry about yourself and get some sleep. I'll call you in the morning." "Easier said than done," I muttered under my breath. It was impossible for me not to worry. "You need to relax. The sun will be up before you know it and you'll realize all of your worrying was for nothing. Go to sleep, ." "Okay, okay," I frowned at the thought of hanging up. "Sweet dreams." "You too," The line went dead, leaving me feeling his absence. I let out a loud breath of air and tried to get comfortable in the unfamiliar bed while I willed morning to come quickly. I expected to dream of the night my father died, as I so often did. I constantly relived his horrific demise. But tonight was different. I dreamt of someone else, a silhouette of a man I didn't recognize. Just the image of him stirred a strange feeling inside of me. A connection. A bond. A longing. I found myself moving in the silhouette's direction, giving in to the overwhelming urge to be near him. However, with every step I took, it was as if he moved two steps further away. The silhouette was a mystery, elusive and captivating, keeping me hypnotized and entranced. Time stood still in his presence. I tried to call out but couldn't find my voice. He was so close, yet so far away. As quickly as he appeared, he vanished and I was pulled from my dream by my phone ringing. I blindly reached for the screaming object. "Hello?" I mumbled into the receiver, not bothering to open my eyes to check the caller ID. "I've been calling you all morning. Are you okay?" Edward echoed in my ear, his loud voice causing me to wince. I rubbed my eyes and sat up straight."I'm fine. Are you?" My heart began to pound in my chest at the urgency in his tone. My mind immediately went to the worst case scenario. "No, I'm not okay. You scared the hell out of me." The worry in his voice was prominent. "Why didn't you answer? I thought," he paused, releasing a slow breath of air. "You don't want to know what I thought." "The Volturi?" I whispered, lowering my head. "Yeah," he admitted thickly. "The Volturi." "I'm so sorry. I must've been in a deep sleep. I never heard my phone." I glanced at the clock, noticing the time. The sun had already risen over half an hour ago. We were safe until the next full moon. "Look who's worrying now." He ignored my joke, obviously not finding it funny. "Too soon?" "Just a little. Don't scare me like that again," He ordered, firm and assertive. I bit down on my bottom lip. "I'll try not to." "Thanks." He said as I pulled my blankets up to my neck for comfort. "Today's the day." "Yeah, it is. It's been one year since the Volturi killed my dad and your parents. One year that we've had to live in hiding from them. One year since our lives forever changed. It feels like it's been so much longer." I acknowledged. The mood shifted. "Promise you'll call if you need someone to talk to today? I might not be there physically but you know I'm always here for you." Edward assured me. I nodded my head, believing his words with all of my heart and loving him all the more for it. "I know you are, just as I am for you." He paused before he spoke again. "I bought yellow roses. They were my mom's favorite." "They were," I smiled, staring down at my blankets. "She used to thread them together and pin them in my hair. She'd love it, Edward." "Thanks," he replied as a beeping noise in the background caught my attention. I rolled my eyes. "Put your seatbelt on. How many times am I going to have to tell you?" He chuckled. "I'm immortal. The full moon is over and I'm no longer human, . I can't get hurt. Stop being so overprotective." "Pot, kettle, color black, babe," I retorted with a shake of my head. "Touché," The clicking sound in the background told me he buckled up. "I'm going to the cemetery now. I'll see you tomorrow, okay?" "See you tomorrow," I ended the call and rolled out of bed. I grabbed my duffel bag from the floor, packing my phone charger and book inside. I quickly escaped the tiny room, running right into my sister. "Good morning, sleepy head. It's about time you got up." She grinned at me, her tone light and airy. "Everyone's already up and out of here. You ready for our run?" "Am I ever?" I grimaced, sidestepping her. Alice grabbed my arm, stopping me. "Nope, but you do have a kickass body because of it." She shrugged and I playfully nudged her. She was the one with the killer looks. Alice was the exact opposite of me. She got her looks from my mother and her personality was as confident as my father's. In other words, she was devastatingly beautiful and utterly confident about it. Her hair was a rich shade of chocolate brown that rested just above her shoulders; she had porcelain-like skin, which brought out her deep green eyes. I shook my head with a laugh. "Alright, fine. Give me fifteen minutes." I stuck my tongue out at her. "Ten," she called after me as I made my way up the stairs, finally free from the confines of the basement. I quickly dressed in a pair of black shorts and a pink tank top. I checked myself in my bedroom mirror. I was the spitting image of my father, from my wavy brown hair to my dark brown eyes. I quickly pushed the image of him out of my mind and slipped on my running shoes. I made my way downstairs and into the kitchen. "Morning mom," I deposited a kiss on her youthful cheek. She didn't look a day over twenty-three. "Morning sweetie," she nodded her head. "I made a smoothie for you. It's in the freezer." She continued washing dishes in the sink. "Thanks, I'll have it after my run." I told her, heading toward the front door. Alice and I left the house and started at a slow pace down the street. The bright South Carolina sun beat heavily on my bare shoulders as I breathed in the salty scent of the ocean. I could already hear the waves crashing against the shoreline from miles away. We picked up the pace, barely using any effort at all, taking care to make sure we kept at human speed. There are many in this world, many who are different. We come in numerous shapes, colors, and sizes. Our lifestyle is relatively normal to everyone on the outside. We work nine to five jobs, go to school, raise families, and believe in different religions. However, my family and an unknown number of others just so happen to be extremely different. Without the proper precautions, we'd stick out among others. Though we try to blend in with our surroundings, camouflage is unfortunately a harder task than assumed. My family and the others like us have special abilities. We're called Amaranthines. The only difference is that my family and I are only half Amaranthine. Amaranth comes from the Greek word meaning never-fading-flower. The Greeks regarded the Amaranth flower as a symbol of immortality because of the length it stays fresh. They believed it to be eternal, which is why we've been named after it. Most people don't know of our existence. We live eternally, unless killed during a full moon, when we turn human for one night. Aside from being able to run at abnormally fast speeds, our senses are all magnified. Not only is our speed enhanced, but so is our