I own nothing, Harry Potter and all of it's characters belong to JK Rowling. I will be using certain passages from the books, mainly in the first chapter, which will detail Tom's first meeting with Dumbledore, as well the latter's meeting with Mrs. Cole, in essentially the ex act same way as in canon with a few minor additions/changes by me (I include this in the story in the interest of completeness) so the Prologue will be mostly material alre ady found in the books but after that it will be all original. ' 'Good afternoon'' said the man with the long auburn hair and beard and the flamboyant plum velvet suit. ''I have an appointment with a Mrs. Cole, who I believe, is the matron here?'' ''Oh,'' said the scruffy bewildered-looking girl, taking in the man's eccentric appearance. ''Um… just a mo'… MRS. COLE!'' she bellowed over her shoulder and a distant voice could be heard shouting something in response. The girl turned back to the man. ''Come in, she's on 'er way.'' The man stepped into a hallway tiled in black and white; the whole place was shabby but spotlessly clean, and scurrying in just after he did was a skinny, harassed-looking woman with sharp features that appeared more anxious than unkind. Once she had genuinely cared for the children in the orphanage but life had taken it's toll, and any passion once burning within her had been extinguished forever. She barked a few instructions over her shoulder to another aproned helper and then her eyes fell upon the strange looking man in front of her. ''Good afternoon,'' said the man, holding out his hand. Mrs. Cole simply gaped. ''My name is Albus Dumbledore. I sent you a letter requesting an appointment and you very kindly invited me here today.'' Mrs. Cole blinked. Apparently deciding that this exceedingly strange man, this Dumbledore, was not a hallucination, she said feebly, ''Oh yes. Well - well then - you'd better come into my room. Yes.'' She led Dumbledore into a small room that seemed part sitting room, part office. It was as shabby as the hallway and the furniture was old and mismatched. She invited Dumbledore to sit on a rickety chair and seated herself behind a cluttered desk, eyeing him nervously. ''I am here, as I told you in my letter to discuss Tom Riddle and arrangements for his future,'' said Dumbledore. ''Are you family?'' asked Mrs. Cole. ''No, I am a teacher,'' said Dumbledore. ''I have come to offer Tom a place at my school.'' ''What school's this, then?'' ''It is called Hogwarts,'' said Dumbledore. ''And how come you're interested in Tom?'' ''We believe he has qualities we are looking for.'' ''You mean he's won a scholarship? How can he have done? He's never been entered for one.'' ''Well his name has been put down for our school since birth -'' ''Who registered him? His parents?'' Dumbledore discreetly slipped his wand out of his pocket while at the same time picking up a piece of perfectly blank paper from Mrs. Cole's desktop. ''Here,'' he said, waving his wand once as he passed her the piece of paper, ''I think this will make everything clear.'' Mrs. Cole's eyes slid out of focus and back again as she gazed intently at the blank paper for a moment. ''That seems perfectly in order,'' she said placidly, handing it back. Then her eyes fell upon a bottle of gin and two glasses that had certainly not been present a few seconds before. ''Er - may I offer you a glass of gin?'' She said in an extra-refined voice. ''Thank you very much,'' said Dumbledore, beaming. It soon became clear that Mrs. Cole was no novice when it came to gin drinking. Pouring both of them a generous measure, she drained her own glass in one gulp. Smacking her lips frankly, she smiled at Dumbledore for the first time, and he didn't hesitate to press his advantage. ''I was wondering whether you could tell me anything of Tom Riddle's history? I think he was born here in the orphanage?'' ''That's right,'' said Mrs. Cole, helping herself to more gin. ''I remember it clear as anything, because I'd just started here myself. New Year's Eve and bitter cold, snowing, you know. Nasty night. And this girl, not much older than I was myself at the time, came staggering up the front steps. Well, she wasn't the first. We took her in, and she had the baby within the hour. And she was dead in another hour.'' Mrs. Cole nodded impressively and took another generous gulp of gin. ''Did she say anything before she died?'' asked Dumbledore. ''Anything about the boy's father for instance?'' ''Now, as it happens, she did,'' said Mrs. Cole, who now seemed to be rather enjoying herself, with the gin in her hand and an eager audience for her story. ''I remember she said to me, 'I hope he looks like his papa', and I won't lie, she was right to hope it, because she was no beauty - and then she told me he was to be named Tom, for his father, and Marvolo, for her father - yes, I know, funny name isn't it? We wondered whether she came from a circus - and she said the boy's surname was to be Riddle. And she died soon after that without another word. ''Well we named him just as she'd said, it seemed so important to the poor girl, but no Tom or Marvolo nor any kind of Riddle ever came looking for him, nor any family at all, so he stayed in the orphanage and he's been here ever since.'' Mrs. Cole helped herself, almost absentmindedly, to another healthy measure of gin. Then she said quietly, ''He's a funny boy.'' ''Yes,'' said Dumbledore. ''I thought he might be.'' ''He was a funny baby too. He hardly ever cried, you know. And then, when he got a little older, he was… odd.'' ''Odd in what way?'' asked Dumbledore gently. ''Well he -'' But Mrs. Cole pulled up short, and there was nothing blurry or vague about the inquisitorial glance she shot Dumbledore over her gin glass. ''He's definitely got a place at your school, you say?'' ''Definitely,'' said Dumbledore. ''And nothing I say can change that?'' ''Nothing,'' said Dumbledore. ''You'll be taking him away, whatever?'' ''Whatever,'' repeated Dumbledore gravely. She squinted at him as though deciding whether or not to trust him. Apparently she decided she could, because she said in a sudden rush, ''He scares the other children.'' ''You mean he is a bully?'' asked Dumbledore. ''I think he must be,'' said Mrs. Cole , frowning slightly, but it's very hard to catch him at it. There have been incidents…. Nasty things…'' Dumbledore, although interested, did not press her further, however she took another gulp of gin and continued. ' ''Billy Stubb's rabbit… well Tom s aid he didn't do it and I don't see how he could have done, but even so, it didn't hang itself from the rafters, did it?'' ''I shouldn't think so, no,'' said Dumbledore quietly. ''But I'm jiggered if I know how he got up there to do it. All I know is he and Billy had argued the day before. And then'' - Mrs. Cole took another swig of gin, slopping a little over her chin this time - ''on the summer outing - we take them out, you know, once a year, to the countryside or the seaside - well, Amy Benson and Dennis Bishop were never quite right afterwards, and all we ever got out of them was that they'd gone into a cave with Tom Riddle. He swore they'd just gone exploring, but something happened in there, I'm sure of it. And well, there have been a lot of things, funny things…'' She looked at Dumbledore again and though her cheeks were now flushed, her gaze was steady. ''I don't think many people will be sorry to see the back of him.'' ''You understand, I'm sure, that we will not be keeping him permanently?'' said Dumbledore. ''He will have to return here, at the very least, every summer.'' ''Oh well, that's better than a whack on the nose with a rusty poker,'' said Mrs. Cole with a slight hiccup. She got to her feet, and despite the fact that two-thirds of the gin was now gone, she was quite steady. ''I suppose you'd like to see him?'' ''Very much,'' said Dumbledore, rising too. She led him out of her office and up the stone stairs, calling out instructions and admonitions to helpers and children as she passed. The orphans were all dressed in identical grayish tunics and looked reasonably well-cared for, but it could be seen that this was clearly a rather grim place to grow up. ''Here we are,'' said Mrs. Cole, as they turned off the second landing and stopped outside the first door in a long corridor. She knocked twice and entered. ''Tom? you've got a visitor. This is Mr. Dumberton - sorry, Dunderbore. He's come to tell you - well, I'll let him do it.'' Dumbledore entered Tom's room and Mrs. Cole closed the door on them. It was a small, nearly bare room with nothing in it except an old wardrobe, a wooden chair with a small stack of books sitting on it, and an iron bedstead. Tom was sitting on top of the gray blankets, his legs stretched out in front of him, holding a book, a beat up old illustrated children's edition of Don Quixote. Evidently the boy's mother had got her dying wish. Tom was very handsome, tall for his eleven years, dark-haired, dark-eyed and pale-skinned. His eyes narrowed slightly as he took in Dumbledore's eccentric appearance. There was a moment's silence. ''How do you do, Tom?'' said Dumbledore, walking forward and holding out his hand. Tom hesitated, then took it, and they shook hands. Dumbledore drew up the hard wooden chair beside Riddle, so that the pair of them looked rather like a hospital patient and visitor. ''I am Professor Dumbledore.'' ''Professor'?'' repeated Tom, looking wary. ''Is that like 'doctor'? what are you here for? Did she get you in to have a look at me?'' He was pointing at the door through which Mrs. Cole had just left. ''No, no'', said Dumbledore, smiling. ''I don't believe you,'' said Tom, anger and hatred welling up inside him. ''She wants me looked at doesn't she? Tell the truth!'' He spoke the last three words with a ringing force that was almost shocking. It was a command, and it sounded as though he had given it many times before. His eyes had widened and he was glaring at Dumbledore, who made no response except to continue smiling pleasantly. After a few seconds Tom stopped glaring, though he looked, if anything, warier still. ''Who are you?'' ''I have told you. My name is Professor Dumbledore and I work at a school called Hogwarts. I have come to offer you a place at my school - your new school, if you would like to come.'' Tom's reaction to this was most surprising. He leapt from the bed and backed away from Dumbledore, looking furious. ''You can't kid me! The asylum, that's where you're from, isn't it? 'Professor', yes, of course - well, I'm not going, see? That old cat's the one who should be in an asylum. I never did anything to little Amy Benson or Dennis Bishop, and you can ask them, they'll tell you!'' ''I am not from the asylum,'' said Dumbledore patiently. ''I am a teacher and, if you sit down calmly, I shall tell you about Hogwarts. Of course, if you would rather not come to the school, nobody will force you -'' ''I'd like to see them try.'' sneered Tom. ''Hogwarts,'' Dumbledore went on, as though he had not heard Tom's last words, ''is a school for people with special