If you're returning to the IT guy, thanks. Welcome back. How's life? If you're a freshy to the story, hello. This is an older having been around for a solid 3 years now, but it's getting reworked and hopefully bettered. I'm a talker, so I'll cut myself off here and just say thanks for joining me in this story. Bella's POV I didn't think that it was humanly possible for this day to get worse. As hard as it was to believe, the screaming crowds so eager to pass through the doors, smearing bad make up and drinks across my new glass store front didn't even skim the surface of clusterfuckery. I mean my day was seriously FUBAR—fucked up beyond all recognition—and dirty windows felt like a really bad metaphor. My boutique was due to unveil its new label today, the same way we always did when we introduced new designer fashion lines—big or small—with a runway show. What you'd expect to go wrong; like missing clothing or accessories—you know, easy fixes—were fine. More than fine, they'd been promptly delivered nearly a full two weeks prior. They'd been checked over twice by the designer, my adopted sister, and deemed worthy, which was great, except aforementioned adopted sister was MIA and I was seriously up the creek without a paddle. I mean I loved—love my sister. She's like a kamikaze fashion deity or something, seamstress when needed, the stylist cum critic and wonder kid, designer extraordinaire to boot. As luck would have it though, I was the biggest thorn in her side and I had been for as long as we'd been sister's. Charlie—Dad—and Renee—Mom—adopted Alice when I was about three—so it had been nearly two decades, of which we'd spent the past year working on her label—and two years after the adoption was finalized my mother and father decided they were better friends co-parenting than loves=rs. MAB, or Mary Alice Brandon a label exclusive to my—our boutique. She and I had ventured into the boutique business together; it was kind of something that we stumbled upon, kind of like kismet. We'd been walking through town when I slipped on a flyer, it was one of those 'do you want money; do want to be famous' pamphlets that tend to end up on the floor. I didn't actually read the flyer but when I sat up I was staring into the face of an old run down dress shop, it had mannequins and fallen down furniture, but the thing that caught my eye was the sign that read: Need to sell. MOVING. If that as well as the flyer wasn't a sign from some god I didn't know what was. As soon as I got home I checked my finances and wanted to know how much a bank would be willing to loan me—it wasn't a lot. Not enough to even scratch the surface of their asking price. Fortunately enough, my parents were willing to help me and co-sign on the loan. They had stable jobs, steady incomes and reasonable amount in savings which was enough incentive for the bank to give me enough to buy the space. I managed to keep Alice out of the loop, mostly because I wanted to surprise her. I mean, I'd always wanted to open my own business, but a boutique wasn't my ideal business of choice, but I figured it would be a way for me to help Alice live out her dream. One week later and the super low price of thirty thousand dollars, I had my new store. Thus, bringing me back to my dilemma or maybe quadrilemma— is that a thing?— I was four models short for a six model runway show. The two models I did have were great; they were currently, probably ranked as my first and second favorite people—or maybe equal first— in the world because they were both here. Rosalie Hale, was the statuesque model everybody talks about. Her hair fell in long and thick in the most stunning shade of golden blonde I had ever had the envy of seeing, and it set off of sun kissed skin making her whole body glow. She had eyes you couldn't help but stare at they were such a deep blue, they sometimes appeared purple and they were framed so generously with long almost feathered eyelashes. If I sound like I have a girl crush, it's because I do. A natural beauty like hers was hard to come by, but to top that all off she was humble and fiercely loyal. The fact she, Alice and I had been friends since pre-K, could attest to that. She was also dating my Dad's deputy on the D.L and they were completely mum on the topic. Jasper Whitlock, was my other favorite person and Alice's personal Herculean God. He'd been hired to work the grand opening for the store and he'd been with us for every show since. I'd like to think it was his loyalty to the store, but it was his love for Alice that kept bringing him back. They had the most unconventional of meetings, Alice having had walked into the wrong fitting room opening night and managed herself a full frontal peek at Jasper. His face was gorgeous enough to have you standing in a puddle, but at a respectable 6' 2" with hobbies that include—but are not limited to—surfing, running, kayaking and trekking his body was a well maintained temple. The guy was wrapped from head toe in lean muscle. Top that off with Hollywood good looks; sky blue eyes, honey blonde hair and a smirk that's cheeky as hell, you've got Jasper; God's gift to women—except he's taken. I will admit, I am a tad jealous of Alice. I'm big enough to say that. Sometimes, I wonder how Alice and Jasper fit as well as they do. I mean, Jasper grew up in a small town in Texas and knew all about hard work. Not to say that Alice didn't, I just don't think she and Jasper see hard work as the same thing. I mean Jasper's parents were Ranchers, our parents; a cop and a teacher. The only kind of herding that went on in my family was done by my mom when she was herding her kindergarten class to and from recess. I mean, aside from knowing hard work, Jasper was also incredibly level headed. I mean nothing could faze him. He was just that cool. Cool as a cucumber seriously was named after Jasper, whereas Alice, well…she was like a toddler on crack, or P, or ten gallons of straight caffeine or sugar. I mean she was all energy all the time! I don't know, sometimes I think Jasper keeps Alice grounded. I know he ensures their bills are paid on time and Alice isn't over spending—I don't know, maybe that's just how they work? But that was it for models. They were the only two models I had on the premises—I was willing to let walk—and the show was due to start within the hour. I'd lost Angela, our usual second, because she'd had to rush off to be with her best friend Jessica, because she was the god mother of her first born child and the only contact the hospital could reach. Two of my male models, who were really only up and coming, had been double booked and they'd chosen to commit themselves to the other booking rather than mine because they believed they would get more exposure. Yeah, exposure don't mean shit if you're blackballed—which between Rose, Jas, Alice and I we could totally do. I also technically had Leah Clearwater who was always on hand as a stand-in/fill-in but she'd just been dumped, or dumped her boyfriend— again— and was three sheets to the wind. If this wasn't such a massive show for Alice, I'd have showed her anyway and maybe walked her out with a male model, but I wasn't in the habit of risking any model like that. Unfortunately; if I had been more evil I'd have done it anyway for all of the drama Alice and her disappearance was putting me through, but as luck would have it, I was too damn nice. Damn! So now I was missing my sister, who was probably hyperventilating in her car or a closet or something and Rosalie and Jasper were in hair and makeup after failing to get in touch with models on such short notice—they tried, which was something at least. God, I probably looked like a nutter. Certifiable. I mean I was all over the show. I probably looked deranged or something. I was running around like a headless chicken looking for my sister and at the same time I was happy and sad, angry, pissed and I kept looking at my phone to see if there was anything from Alice or modeling agencies—but nothing. I knew that there were people everywhere doing their best to make sure that everything was ready. I mean I had enough staff on—even my part-timers and contract casuals were working to try and help us out today. Most of them would just be assisting with the crowd, but we did have some taking pre-orders or manning the tills when the show was over. We were just fortunate to have Sue, a friend of my Dad's helping out with alterations or we would be at a standstill because Alice was still AWOL and unless we had some kind of miracle befall us or something we were f— "Miss Swan?" I startled from my thoughts—a voice smooth like velvet pulling me from my reverie. "Bella," I corrected out of habit as I turned to face the speaker…and he was beautiful. I was probably staring, but with a face like his, it was hard not to stare. He looked like he was carved from stone, his whole face was perfectly angled with high cheek bones and a strong jawline. I couldn't tear my gaze from his, his eyes were such an intense green, slightly darker around the outside with odd speckles of gold through the iris. Even his hair was out of this world beautiful. It was on odd shade between copper like a penny and bronze. I assumed it probably looked amazing in the sun or by firelight. But, it was currently sticking up like he ran here or something and I wanted to touch it. I don't know. He was just… beautiful. Even dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, as he was, he looked like a walking GQ cover model. Sorry Jasper, you've been replaced. "My apologies, Bella." He answered with a smile—I kind of just nodded, my eyes focused a little too intently on his lips. "I couldn't find Alice and I know that normally I report to her when I finish with the computing systems but I think someone told me she was busy and just to tell you." He stood there staring at me for a good minute or two before I realized he had been waiting for me to reply. Still a little stupefied, I did manage to nod my head for him to continue. "Ok, so I ran a diagnostic test over all of your files and they all seem to be good, I installed another spy ware server, because you seem very set against putting in a network pass key and I also checked with the grids for the automatic doors…" he had kept talking and his voice was so smooth, I could have sworn it moved over my skin like liquid silk and sex. I must have been doing something stupid with my face as I watched the I.T guy try to disguise his laughter behind a cough. When he unsuccessfully managed that, he straightened up a little more. "Are you okay, you, uh, seem a little out of sorts?" "No. Not even close." I answered quickly, without really thinking about what