Reminder that this is a sequel and the first story 'Parallels' can be found on my account page thingy. Chapter 1 When my eyes flash open I see the sun illuminating my bedroom curtains. I look at my bedside clock and it's 5:42 am. I pull the duvet off of my sweaty body knowing I won't get back to sleep even if I try. Nightmares wake me up at ridiculous times of the night or in the early hours of the morning. I haven't had a peaceful night's sleep since I was poisoned by Cato. Ugh, Cato. How stupid have I been? Whenever I think about how easily I forgave him I always put it down to the tracker-jacker venom. Or how drunk I was. Or that I was so overwhelmed by the fact I had survived I didn't want to ruin it by arguing with him. But I should have stood up for myself. I should have told him that it's not okay that he used me like that. Now he knows he has a hold on me and I won't be surprised if he exploits it again. I get up and stretch, the nightmare fading from my memory. I pull open my curtains and look out at the cul-de-sac. My house is one of twelve small mansions. Seventy-four years ago they would have been a wonder to look at. But now the paint has peeled, the windows are grimy and the lawns are brown. Mine is the only one that isn't overgrown with weeds. Each house has a grand wooden door with two white-painted stone columns standing at each side. My door has been polished, taking a few years off how old it looks but I doubt it'll be very long until my house resembles the others on the street. The only house in the Victors' Village that is occupied, besides mine, is Haymitch's. He's rarely seen, not that this news is very surprising. It crosses my mind that in the month I've been here I haven't been seen very much, either. I put on my hunting clothes: a brown shirt, beige hiking trousers, a rainproof jacket, a leather knife holster, and leather boots. I jog downstairs and make myself a bowl of muesli from my many cupboards stuffed with food. I don't expect to always have this quantity and quality of food. They said I will, but I know they won't make special deliveries for me, as I'm one of very few in the district who can afford it. If I was a Career Victor I'm sure they'd be true to their word. My new house is filled with supplies: stationary, cooking utensils, clothes, films and television. Each week a team of housekeepers come to deliver food and tidy up, even though I keep the place clean. They get paid whether or not they work so I let them help themselves to whatever they want, that usually being food. Everything I'd need could probably be found in my house, besides what I actually need, hunting equipment. I use my selection of cooking knives as throwing knives and I fashioned myself a spear by attaching a screw driver to the shaft of a mop with some wire. I take the knives from the kitchen drawer and slip them into my home-made holster. I then get my makeshift spear from the pantry where I keep it hidden. I get a bag of trail mix which fits neatly in a pocket on my holster before leaving out the door. I follow the route into town, then turn left which takes me to the district border. I used to be cautious because of the risk of a peacekeeper seeing me, it'd be hard to explain what I was doing. But the path is virtually unused, I know it's not likely I'll get caught illegally crossing the fence. "DISTRICT BOUNDRY, NO ACCESS BEYOND THIS POINT" and "DANGER: ELECTRIC FENCE" signs are dotted along the wire. It isn't electric, of course, because I would have been electrocuted many times by now if it was. I don't know if there's any chance of it ever being live, but if it is I presume it would make some form of noise, like buzzing. It doesn't make any, as always, so I pass through the hole in the chain link I made two weeks ago with DIY tools and a lot of determination. I breathe a sigh of relief as I jog towards the forest. Oddly, I've found myself feeling more at home among the greenery than actually being in my district. I spend most of my days trekking and hunting. I've honed my knife and spear throwing skills since my return, probably because of all the time, thus practice, I've had. It took me more than a week to hunt my first rabbit, I had to get into the routine of hunting and getting used to using my rudimentary spear was a challenge. That was two weeks ago. Now everything feels natural, like second nature. I don't try to be deadly quiet when on the hunt, I just am. I feel a sense of clarity, a different sense of perception, when on the hunt. I'll hear sounds that I would have otherwise dismissed as background noise. The ground is littered with decayed leaves. Autumn has come and gone, leaving a small gap of time before the numbing winter weather kicks in with as much force as it can. Hopefully the cold will slow the animals down more than it slows me down. I've noticed that the rabbits seem to be more active at dawn, when they forage for food. My theory is that they let their guard down once they have their food, usually at the time when I'm deep enough in the forest to find them. I've practised running on the balls of my feet, masking the sound of my steps. I can feel my senses begin to heighten as I stalk through the trees. With my spear in my left hand and a small knife in my right I crouch behind some bushes. I don't move or breathe. Birds sing in the distance. Leaves brush against each other in the light breeze above me. The slight rustling of leaves is heard to my left. I hold my position, straining myself to hear past my natural abilities. Leaves rustle again, this time further away. In one swift move I follow the noise, keeping low and in cover. Balancing on my left leg, with my right leg in the air, I peer around a tree and see a cottontail rabbit grooming itself. I don't breathe as I lean further, aiming my knife. It's not too far away so one accurate thorough throw should be sufficient. As the knife is released from my grip, my foot slips. Not far, but enough to change the direction the knife is travelling. It strikes the ground, inches from the rabbit. It sees the knife and hops away before I'm stood up straight. I retrieve the knife from the dirt and return it to the holster. That was by far the easiest hunt I've had, and I blew it. Something to simple as my foot slipping. I can't help but find it discouraging me. I spend the rest of the day hunting, finding I'm off my game. The morning passes and the weight of failure hangs on my shoulders. I give up, knowing I won't catch anything if I continue feeling sorry for myself. I go to a small meadow that has become a fond spot of mine. It overlooks a vast valley and I've found myself often spending the afternoon daydreaming, making shapes out of the clouds. I snack on the nuts and dried berries I brought with me absently. The clouds drift by. Every now and then the sun finds a way through the gaps. Occasionally I see a bird soaring across the valley and I long to feel the freedom that the bird must feel. Of course I've thought about running away, trying my chances at surviving in what used to be known as America. I'd be able to keep myself fed, along with finding a water source and shelter I think I'd manage quite well. But what would happen once I'm gone? Would they search for me? Would they harm my family, even kill them? I can't risk that. Besides, the life I'm living now isn't too bad. I come to the woods almost every day, I live in a grand house and have all the food I'd want, for now that is. The catch being that for one month a year I have to mentor two people who are almost certainly going to die as they compete in the hunger games, while keeping up the illusion that Cato and I are happily in love. Then I'll have to be present when the future victor comes to district twelve for their victory tour. However, if my tribute should win, I'll have to go on the victory tour with them. Like Haymitch will have to do with me, when the time comes. I let out a heavy breath. The victory tour. It's coming up in a few months. It's been at the back of mind but it always finds a way to become my main focus of attention. I stand up and go back into the woods to find my snares. I've set five of them, if I set any more I'll forget where they are. I save a few raisins and nuts for bait. I use a four-figure deadfall trap, which basically drops a heavy rock on whatever takes the bait when activated. However, all of them seem to activate prematurely, so they haven't helped me at all so far. I'm holding out hope that I will find out what's wrong with them, though. After checking that the fifth trap is empty, and after resetting it, I make my way back. When I get to the fence I see the sun is making its descent. It won't be more than a few hours until the sun sets. I pass through the hole in the chain link, then walk back to my house. The Victors' Village is eerily quiet, as always. I walk along the smooth stone pathway to my front door. I hold the doorknob when I see the curtains in my living room window shift. Is it one the housekeepers? It can't be, they come on Saturdays and today's a Monday. I stay still, listening for any sounds that may come from inside, keeping my eyes on the window. It's probably somebody from the district stealing food. Or is it one of Gale's friends? What if there's a group of them in my living room right now? No, they would have seen, and therefore attacked, me by now. I gently turn the knob, and push. I lean forward, looking past the door and see the figure of a man tiptoeing in my kitchen. "Stay still!" I bellow, shocking even myself that it came out so loud. My knife is out of its holster and is in my hand, ready. "If you wanted food, you could've just asked," I say as he slowly turns and I lower my knife. I slip it back into the holster and when I look up I have to double take when I see Gale standing before me. "I'm gonna..." he says, indicating the back door as he goes to walk out of it. "Gale, stay," I plead. "No," he says, placing his hand on the doorknob, "I can't." His empty voice sounds disappointed. Like he was expecting to find Katniss here. I let him leave and see him pass the kitchen window. I close the front door then hide my spear in the pantry. Out the window I see the sun setting, casting long shadows across the street. I try to think of a way around the security system in