Candlemas, 19 68 ; Ouachita National Forest, Arkansas "Zoë?" Ari's voice was thick with frustration. "I don't think this is right." Zoë leaned over to inspect the girl's work. "It is very nearly right," she assured her. "You know what to do. The rest is largely practice." The arrow would never fly true, of course; the feathers were offset too dramatically. But for a beginner's attempt, it was respectable. She handed Ari the prepared arrow she had been working on, as well as a completed one to use as a template."Here. It takes time to learn these things. Why not see if you can fletch this one?" Ari took a deep breath, then nodded and took the arrow. Her unhappy sigh sent a cloud of steam into the cold air. "I thought I had it that time," she said glumly. Zoë smiled and ruffled her hair. "You came very close," she assured the little redhead. "I am quite proud of thy progress." That perked her up. Blue eyes sparkled again, and all was right in the world. "Remember," Zoë said as she handed Ari a tube of glue and a spool of waxed thread. "Do not trim the spine, only the vanes." Ari nodded determinedly, frowning in concentration. "Got it." Zoë left her to trial and error, smiling to herself as she picked up a fresh shaft and set about carving a nock in one end. She didn't notice that they had company until her absentminded groping for her spare thread was interrupted by warm fingers pressing it into her hand. "Good morning, Lady Artemis," she said mildly, picking at the thread until she found its free end. "You're both up rather early. Good morning, Ari," she added kindly, and was rewarded with a quick wave. Zoë glanced over; for some reason Ari had two separate strings in her mouth, but her fletchings seemed surprisingly even thus far, so she didn't say anything. Artemis' amusement was palpable as she moved her lieutenant's pile of blank shafts off the log and sat down. "Any opportunity to teach, Zoë?" "She wanted to learn, my lady." Ari nodded next to her. Artemis smiled at the girl. "Your initiative is admirable, young one. I'm told you're making progress." Ari made a noncommittal noise and bit her lip, clearly struggling to remember the way Zoë'd gotten her fletchings attached. Rather than embarrass her with explaining again, Zoë simply cleared her throat. If her movements were slightly slower and more exaggerated as she whipped the front of the feathers, well, that was her own business. Ari brightened, shifted on her snowy log, and set about her task with renewed enthusiasm. Smiling fondly, Artemis took up a blank shaft of her own and borrowed Zoë's knife. The sun rose slowly—Apollo would drag his feet going out in the winter—and birds started stirring around them. Somewhere a crow scolded whatever creature had been unforgivably rude enough to disturb it. Morning gradually grew warmer, and finally Zoë set down a half-finished arrow and unzipped her parka. "How're these?" Ari yawned. Zoë held out a hand for the trio of arrows the girl had finished, turning them over carefully in her hands. She congratulated the young Hunter on her improvement, gently pointed out the irregularities that could be improved on, and offered her a pair of blank shafts. Ari heaved a heavy sigh and picked up her knife again. Artemis shook her head and smiled at them both. "You work too hard," she said quietly. Zoë rolled her eyes and reached for a new shaft, only to find that Artemis had already finished them all. Olympians . Artemis smirked. "I heard that." You are not helping thy case. Mmm. Come here, dear one. December 17, 2007; Lincoln, Maine It would have been naïve to assume she would let the matter rest. Artemis' lieutenant was on her almost before the boy, Percy Jackson, had moved away. She sighed at the approaching footsteps, but didn't turn. "I will not change my mind, Zoë," she said quietly. "And I will not leave thee to face this creature alone, whatever it may be." Fates bless her and her damned loyalty. It was going to get her killed one of these days. Artemis raised an eyebrow without looking around at her lieutenant. Zoë would read the movement in her body language either way. "And when you face the Python on the ground, alone?" She kept her voice carefully neutral. "Or a full-blooded Titan? Typhon ? I do not question your courage, dear heart, and I would cheerfully fight duels to defend your honor; but there are battles no mortal has any place in. Often as I forget it, Zoë, you are mortal . " She felt rather than saw Zoë stiffen. After so long, with her heritage plain in every line of her body, in every movement, Artemis suspected there were months at a time even Zoë forgot that she was no longer the daughter of a Titan and a goddess. She wasn't able to keep a slight undertone of desperation out of her voice. "Chiron cannot hold me," she warned her goddess. Artemis snorted. "The Fields of Punishment would struggle to hold you against your will, Zoë. I certainly wouldn't envy Chiron the task. Luckily he will not have to, because you will stay in Camp Half-Blood until I call for you." "My life has always belonged to thee," Zoë protested. On any other day Artemis would be wryly amused by her blatant disregard for a direct order. "If it is the price of thy safety, then it is a price—" "—not to be paid lightly!" Finally, Artemis whirled to face her lieutenant. "Nor without absolute necessity. Do not mistake this for a lover's request. Zoë, in a fight between immortals, you will do nothing but slow me down!" It was the wrong thing to say, and Artemis realized it the moment the words left her mouth. Zoë's dark eyes blazed; she drew herself up with a regal air that reminded her goddess exactly whose daughter she was speaking to. Still, her voice was low and calm when she spoke. "You do not know that, my lady." Artemis closed her eyes, counted to five, and opened them again. "I do, and you know it just as well. You will do me and your sisters far more good in New York." Out of ammunition and nursing wounded pride, Zoë said nothing. Artemis sighed. "Oh, my dear one." She reached out to tuck a stray hair behind Zoë's ear. "Don't look at me like that. If we suffer another giant rebellion, you will never leave my side again. I shall keep you so close you grow tired of me and defect to Dionysus." She ran light fingers along Zoë's jaw and moved to kiss her gently; Zoë turned away. Artemis felt cold for the first time since winter had begun. "Zoë," she sighed, leaning into the taller girl's shoulder. "Please. You do me a disservice, of course I would rather have you with me. Do not make this harder than it already is. One trip, dear heart, and I am yours when I return. Don't look at me as if I'm rejecting you, Zoë, I can't bear it." There was a long silence as the waves rolled and broke against the cliff face in the dark. Finally, Zoë shifted and reached up to squeeze Artemis' hand in her own. "I will not pretend to like this, my lady," she murmured. Artemis' lips twitched, and she pulled back just enough to play with the feathery strands of hair behind Zoe's ears. "Stubborn as always...I do not ask you to pretend. Take heart, dear one. I will return soon enough, and then perhaps we will hunt prey that meets with your approval." That, finally, drew a small smile from her huntress. "Am I forgiven?" she asked as charmingly as she could manage. Zoë gave her a Look. "I shall consider it when you return, my lady." Artemis looked back out over the lightening sea and tried to ignore the faint sense of dread in the back of her mind. "There is more at work here than a mere beast, Zoë," she said finally. "Otherwise we would not require such caution. When I know more, you will be the first to hear of it." She squeezed her lieutenant's elbow; the girl reached out automatically and stroked her fingers, seeking a sense of solidity. Artemis forced herself to smile. "And now, however much I enjoy your company, I think young Bianca has greater need of it." Zoë looked over her shoulder. Bianca was in Cynthia's capable hands, but still glancing over at her lieutenant every few seconds, like she wanted reassurance that she was doing the right thing. Zoë nodded to the girl and graced her with a rare, warm smile, and Bianca sat up a little straighter as she helped Alene pack down bedrolls. Artemis drew two knuckles down Zoe's cheek, feather-light. "Go," she said gently. "I will keep an eye on my brother." Zoë lingered a moment, squeezed Artemis' fingers, and only then turned away and back to her sisters. The goddess fought off a sudden chill, and waited for sunrise. April 12th, 2001; Noxapater, Mississippi "Careful," warned Cynthia. "It's hot." Zoë took the platter carefully by the edges and managed not to wince as she balanced it on a rock to carve their guests a piece of rabbit. "Thanks," the daughter of Zeus—Thalia—muttered. Her tense wariness seemed to have worn off; she didn't appear to have the energy for it anymore. The little blonde girl accepted her paper plate (100% biodegradable, courtesy of Iris) without a word, grey eyes wide as they stared around as if trying to take in everything at once. The boy also took his portion silently, though he threw in a distasteful glare as well. Zoë instantly regretted giving him a larger portion than—Annabeth, she thought her name was. Still, laws of hospitality were not to be trifled with, even if one's guests didn't seem terribly concerned with their obligations to their hosts. Diana cleared her throat from the boy's other side. "Trade you," she said, standing up to hand a steaming pot of pasta over the fire. Zoë stood to accept it, and Alene made a flying leap to rescue the rabbit plate before it leaped into the flames in a final act of defiance. "Thank you, Alene," Zoë muttered around the knife in her teeth. The Hunters of Artemis were an ancient and solemn sisterhood. A well-oiled machine. "You forgot the spoon, Di," said Phoebe before helpfully tossing it at her. Diana dodged, and a wooden spoon struck the boy square between the eyes. Zoë choked on a knife trying to keep a straight face. Thalia had no such obligation of politeness, and almost fell off her log laughing. Little Annabeth giggled as well, though she was much more focused on the plate of hot, fresh food in front of her than anything else. "Shut up," the boy muttered, but he looked distinctly less angry now that Thalia was the one laughing at him. "Not happening, Luke," Thalia grinned. "I wish I had a camera. That was perfect. Nice aim, uh..." "Phoebe," smirked Phoebe. Shaking her head, Zoë turned her attention back to the child. Annabeth had wolfed down almost the entire portion of rabbit she'd been given already; Zoë wondered how long it had been since the little girl had a warm meal. "Here," she said quietly, using the knife to push a generous helping of some sort of curly pasta onto Annabeth's plate. As an afterthought, she added about a third of her own rabbit. Luke was glaring at her again. "She can do that herself," he argued. "She doesn't need your help." Thalia frowned. "Lighten up, Luke." She nodded to Zoë as the lieutenant leaned forward to give her some noodles. "She's just trying to help." If possible,