Midsummer, 1103; Black Forest, Germany This happened every year . Zoë shifted, finding a more comfortable position propped up against her pile of cushions. Every year, the field reports from satyrs and Chiron's heroes would be neglected over the busy summer season, when monsters were plentiful and strong and they more than had their hands full already. Every year, they would be all but forgotten once the wild song of the autumn rut began and no Hunter in the world could bear to sit still and fiddle with papers even if they'd had the time. Every year, she and Artemis would start out in late April perfectly on top of every single report and in a few months' time would have allowed themselves to lag, indulging in the warmth and confidence of summer—because, after all, it was so long until winter, when the nastiest of monsters began to stir, the others grew hungry and desperate, and the true Hunt began. And every year, without fail, they would find themselves all but buried in months-old reports come late autumn, scrambling to organize and catalog them and going entire nights without sleep in a desperate attempt to prepare their schedule for the long winter. And of course, every year once they had finally managed to trawl through every last one of the hundreds of documents—some of them duplicates or updates on previous reports—they would collapse in exhaustion and swear they would never let themselves get so far behind again. Every single year, for over a thousand years. Not this time, however. This year she was determined to break the cycle. Zoë glanced down the half-legible scrawl of Latin; clearly a half-blood's work, she thought, as satyrs and nature spirits were raised knowing their own ancestral languages. She didn't envy Chiron having to teach his lowborn pupils to read and write in addition to imparting basic combat training. Most half-bloods were distinctly less interested in penmanship than swordplay. Still, at least this one formed their letters reasonably well. She was fairly certain it was an update on a dragon nest that had been causing consternation among the mortals recently. Setting the report onto the slowly-growing 'finished' pile, she tapped her quill against the side of her inkwell and drew a single line through the heading of that particular subsection of her notes. CHB , she wrote in the margin. Diana (the Hunter, that is, not the goddess) would be disappointed that they hadn't gotten to fight the dragons themselves; but they had more than enough monsters to keep themselves entertained. Let the heroes blood their swords. Yes, she thought determinedly. This year would be different. She was almost two-thirds of the way done with her half of this week's reports already. They were dull reading for the most part, but she kept reminding herself that a few hours of boredom now was better than three solid days of panic and stress later in the year. If only it wasn't so difficult to focus. She had very pointedly positioned herself with her back to the open tent flap, tied back to allow the cool night air to circulate; but that didn't stop the intoxicating scent of pine and wilderness from swirling around her, whispering that it was Midsummer's Eve and the whole world was bursting with life and energy; that the beautiful weather wouldn't last forever, the moon was waxing, dew was forming on the grass and there were wolves on the mountain and stardust in her veins... Realizing her eyes had been drifting closed in reverence, Zoë forced her attention back to the next report—a satyr's excited account of having seen a drakon in the woods, scribbled on a large and slightly singed leaf. Hopefully, that would make Diana feel better about missing the chance to fight a trio of dragons. Zoë leaned over to grab the red ink, shuffled her notes until she'd found their rudimentary map, and made a careful X at roughly the location the satyr had described. Only about forty-five more minutes' worth of tedious field reports left. She sighed heavily. Artemis chuckled, and Zoë lowered her knees so she could look at her goddess. "My lady?" Artemis' lips twitched, and Zoë noticed with exasperation that her goddess had made no progress whatsoever on her own pile of field reports. "I've been watching you fidget for an hour," Artemis said with a smile. "Restless, dear one?" Zoë struggled with her tongue for several seconds, trying to find a way to refuse the invitation in Artemis' eyes without lying. Apparently her desperate desire to be somewhere in which piles of field reports didn't exist was plain on her face, because the goddess laughed again and set aside her own scroll of notes. Shifting over to her lieutenant's side of the tent, she nudged Zoe's 'finished' pile out of her way and stretched out next to her, curled against her side. "Have you found anything interesting?" she murmured, playing idly with Zoë's braid. Zoë didn't turn her head, but managed to shoot her goddess an amused Look anyway. There was a very good reason they tended to fall so behind on their reports. The Goddess of the Hunt was profoundly patient but impossible to tame. She caught cabin fever like dogs catch fleas. "A drakon two days north of here," she responded evenly. "Hellhounds in the forests. Signs of a worrying number of dracanae to the east..." Zoë trailed off as she realized Artemis had stopped moving, and turned to face her against her better judgment. "...My lady?" Oh, it had been a mistake to look. Artemis' body language was neutral, even calm. Her fingers were loosely wound in the tip of Zoë's braid, her head slightly cocked and her expression unreadable. Her free hand rested lightly on the bearskin beneath them. But her eyes were shining, white wine in sunlight, a challenge and an invitation; and they held Zoe pinned and breathless for long enough that the Hesperide lost track of her heartbeats. "Come hunting with me," Artemis said simply. June 3rd, 1951; Camp Half-Blood, Long Island, New York "You look after your own, that's for sure." Zoë lowered her bow as she looked toward the new voice; the archery range here was a joke anyway, but she didn't bother to hide her irritation at being interrupted. "I beg thy pardon?" The camper looked surprisingly non-confrontational, especially for a muscular girl leaning on a large pike. Her hair was dull black, close-cut and combed back, and her eyes were serious; but she had an easy grin and a comfortable aura. Zoë dismissed her arrow and rested a hand on top of her bow. She could speak with this girl, at least. "Your witch kid," the camper clarified. "Hecate, right? The one that got in a scuffle with a group of unclaimed when you first got here. Thought the whole group'd pass out when you shot Jerry and they saw you had 'em ranged. That was a good maneuver." "It was a simple shot," Zoë replied with a slight smile. "The boy will live." The camper waved her hand. "What's a perforated liver among friends, right?" she said sarcastically, but winked when Zoë tensed. "Nah, I mean it. Sip of nectar, he's right as rain. Jerry's a bull , he can take it. If he didn't want to get shot, he shouldn't'a been roughing up kids. I'm Phoebe, by the way." She extended a hand. "Phoebe Andrews. Ares." Zoë inclined her head. "Zoë Nightshade," she said politely. "No kidding." Phoebe rolled her eyes good-naturedly. "Might try telling that to some of those unclaimed kids you scared half to Tartarus yesterday. Pretty sure most of them looked up and thought Artemis herself'd come to teach them a lesson." She grinned again, clearly pleased by the shock on Zoë's face. "What? You might not be able to make them burst into flames with your eyes, but you sure as Hades looked like you could. I respect that—Nightshade, right?" "Zoë, to thee," said Zoë, relaxing into a more genuine smile. "The surname is more of a formality. We did not have them in my time." Phoebe got that serious look back in her eyes. "Yeah. Chiron mentioned that when I asked about you. You're a godling? Should I be bowing or something?" Zoë laughed quietly. "I am no more a true immortal than any other Hunter. I have simply survived for longer than most." "Well I can see why!" Phoebe exclaimed, shifting her pike to her other hand with an eager light in her eyes. "You could've killed all five of those guys, don't think I didn't notice that. Appreciate you not, by the way. Pretty sure one of them's a half-brother." She pulled a face. "Hopefully our counselor'll be having words with him if he ever gets claimed. I don't care how much you hate magic, you don't corner a kid like that. How is she, anyway?" The daughter of Ares sounded genuinely concerned as she nodded toward the bleachers surrounding the practice range. Becky was sitting alone on the steps, hugging a mug of hot chocolate close to her chest against the wet early-spring chill. Zoë sighed. Becky was a very recent recruit. It had actually been her brother who approached them, in a startling twist; a mortal boy several years older but with many more remaining before he would be a man. He had also lacked the Sight, visibly struggled to speak with the goddess; but he had been determined, trusted completely in his sister's accounts of monsters and monster-slayers. He was only a child still, but explained that he could legally free himself of their father within a year and planned to do so, if it weren't for Becky. He would not leave her behind, and he could not bring her with him. He only wanted her to be safe. Artemis had brought Zoë with her when she investigated the house in secret, and her eyes had been solemn at what they found. The father was not cruel and had never harmed his children or made them afraid; they saw no reason not to let him live. But the loss of his wife had led him like many good men before him to seek comfort in a bottle where there was no comfort to be found, and had left his house dark and his children essentially alone. Becky had come with them quietly, a sad child with the tiniest spark of hope for her future. Her brother had promised to give her his telephone number, when he got one. In the meantime Artemis quietly supplied the girl with drachma to keep in contact with him; she knew well what it sometimes meant to have a brother. The young man was doing well now, and as his situation grew better Becky's spirits had finally begun to lift, but her tentative steps toward confidence had been set back worse than before by her recent confrontation. "Poor little ankle-biter looks like she hasn't got a friend in the world, over there," Phoebe said quietly. "Sticking close to you?" Zoë ran a hand uneasily over her bow. "Yes. She does not want to stay in Cabin Eight for fear others will think she is hiding. She does not wish them to think her afraid, but I am reluctant to leave her alone. Your Jerry and his... friends, may want revenge." Phoebe growled under her breath and shook her head. "Well, you're good to her. Hell, I'd follow you anywhere seeing how well you look after those girls. Kinda freaks the others out how loyal you are to your goddess, but if she's anything like you I'd say she's earned it." "I..." Zoë swallowed. "Thank you, Phoebe." The girl nodded awkwardly, shifting her weight like she wasn't sure what to do with herself. "Right. Yeah. Just wanted to say that. I'll, uh, leave you to your bullseyes. And hey, if any of the Ares kids