Autumnal Equinox, 1732; the Austrian Alps A stiff wind tugged at Zoë's hair as she pressed closer against the bare rock at her back. The wind today was wild, eager and powerful and free, and it whistled through the trees and around her ears. She did her best to shut it out, trying to listen. Trying to pick out the subtle differences between the rustling of leaves in wind-tossed branches and the crunch of a hunter's tread. A saber of naked steel glinted coldly where she held it across her chest. She knew the wolf could sense her. Her own senses were not nearly so keen, and over the course of the past few hours she had been slowly giving up one advantage after another as the great silver beast maneuvered her up and down the pass. The setting sun would dazzle her even as it glinted off her bare sword, and the wind that deafened her would only swirl her scent towards it. The line between hunter and prey was swiftly blurring; this game could not go on much longer. Still, she had a good position. The sun was at her back now as she flattened herself against a sheer rock face, backed into a crevice; a defensible position, if difficult to escape, but she could not afford to run any longer. A confrontation would be better forced now, while she still had the light and was not yet exhausted by the great wolf's battle of attrition. She was not worried about it sneaking up behind her, even if the dropoff had been less steep; the dying sun would silhouette her foe, give her the advantage if it came upon the ravine unexpectedly. The only other approach was straight up the crevice, where she was armed and prepared to strike. Something shifted in the trees, and she flexed her grip on the sword hilt. Come then, beautiful creature, she thought. Come and finish it. We shall see who is the greater predator. The trees shifted again, more violently this time, and she sighed as she realized that it was only an odd-shaped branch, catching as it was tossed in the wind. She almost missed the flash of movement to her left, barely managed to twist her body around with a cry of shock. A liquid-silver blur half-ran, half-fell headlong into the breach, and in the brief moment between heartbeats Zoë had time to be incredulous at the sheer trickery of it, creeping just out of sight along the lip of the ravine to hide one's shadow and leaping on them from above and to the side. She was still marveling at the wolf's cleverness and stealth as they fell together, its teeth clenched in her throat and three feet of steel buried in its chest. For several long moments she lay there panting. Then the recently-impaled wolf chuckled. "A draw again, then, dear one?" it asked, amused, and Artemis sat up and brushed auburn hair out of her face as it shifted back from thick silver fur. Zoë gave a noncommittal groan and rubbed her throat. This game was all very well for Artemis, who couldn't even feel the mortal blade. Those wolf's teeth hurt, no matter that the wounds healed themselves before so much as a drop of blood was spilled. So did the lioness'. And the bear's, and the snake's, and the wild boar's tusks, and the eagle's talons, and the ridiculously sharp, durable antlers that one time she had decided to challenge her lieutenant as a stag. At least that time Zoë'd managed to get in a good solid kick to the face. Zoë Nightshade was, she suspected, one of the few people who could claim the dubious honor of having held a fencing match with a deer and lost. Still, the rush was exhilarating. She could only agree with Artemis' assertion that even for an archery goddess, too much time spent honing one skill to the exclusion of all else was dangerous; so, every so often, they would change the rules. Artemis still had a few matches on Zoë; but the gap was beginning to close, and the victories were harder-won every time. Artemis' gaze turned sympathetic as she brushed her fingertips over Zoë's throat. "Are you quite all right?" Zoë swallowed experimentally, then nodded. "I believe so, my lady. Though slightly less enthusiasm on thy part would be appreciated." Artemis laughed and pushed herself to her feet, offering her lieutenant a hand. Zoë took it gratefully. "I wonder how you might fare as the challenger sometime," Artemis mused with a calculating look. "A tigress, perhaps, or a wolf yourself..." Eager to cut that line of thinking off, Zoë pointed out hastily, "I do not believe the presence of a tigress in the region would go unnoticed, my lady." Artemis scoffed. "And what of it? Let the mortals wonder. We have few enough opportunities to let ourselves be free." Zoë cleared her throat and glanced away. "It... could be interesting, my lady," she admitted. It would be a lie to claim she had never felt a slight twinge of envy for the way Artemis slipped into forms of such ethereal grace with such ease, always perfectly at home in whatever shape she chose. To claim she felt no curiosity would simply be ridiculous. Nervousness, perhaps; transformation was her lady's favorite form of vengeance. But she trusted Artemis, and the thought of running along with the boundless endurance and lithe power of a wolf was... well, intriguing, to say the least. Her hesitation, naturally, did not go unnoticed. Artemis' eyes softened, and she brushed a stray chunk of hair out of Zoë's face. "Someday, then, perhaps." With a flash of mischief, she added in a purr, "Eager to sink your teeth into my throat for a change, my dear?" Laughing and blushing fiercely in equal measure, Zoë swatted her with a smile. "If you think me fool enough to believe the Goddess of the Hunt can ever be made prey against her will, I am insulted." "Ah, but that would be assuming I had no wish to be caught." She was surprised, though pleasantly, when Zoë's grin was accompanied by an eager kiss and not a bashful retreat. Her earlier words had been more than true; it was rarely more than once every few centuries that she could justify this kind of hunting trip with Zoë, and if she had perhaps been less than cautious the last few weeks, if the change in the air and humming through the earth excited her and made her want to run forever, grab her mate by the scruff and wrestle her for the sheer joy of letting their strength run free, challenge the skies themselves—well, so long as she didn't actually challenge the skies and start a war, what of it? She pushed the girl up against the rock face with a lazy smile, leaned forward to catch Zoë's ear between her teeth and tug, and couldn't help a growl of pleasure at the gasp it drew from her. There was time enough for duty. She was a goddess, and Zoë was companion to a goddess, and they were in their domain, alone. A wild thing and her mate answered to no one and nothing on their own territory. Zoë's fingers wound boldly into her hair, a silent affirmation of her moment of fearless confidence, and she grinned and dragged her close again. J uly 31 st , 1977; Santa Lucia Mountains, California In Phoebe's defense, the werewolves had started it. At least, that was what she claimed, and at the moment Zoë was slightly too preoccupied to question the statement, as there was an extremely large wolf attempting to disembowel her. "Hey!" Ari shouted from somewhere up a pine tree. "Fetch!" To the shock of no one, the moon-crazed werewolf ignored Ari's pipe bomb, growling and throwing itself against the tree in an attempt to shake her out of it. Alene yelped as the explosive sailed over her head, diving behind a tree just barely in time to escape the blast. The large gray monster she'd been facing off against was not so lucky. "Nice shot, kid!" Phoebe called across the camp, twirling a dagger in her hand and grinning viciously. Her opponent was smarter than Alene's had been, feinting and dodging until it managed to swipe the dagger away. Zoë nearly shouted a warning, but Phoebe's grin only got wider as she drew a Swiss Army Knife from her pocket. The werewolf's red eyes glinted with satisfaction at the tiny weapon, and it lunged for her throat. Moments later, Cynthia and Diana were willingly relieved of their small crowd of werewolves to a chorus of bewildered yelping as Phoebe, double-bladed battleaxe freshly coated with golden dust, leapt back into the fray. "I love this thing!" she crowed. Zoë ducked under the next wolf's guard, slitting its throat in the maneuver, and rolled to her feet to finish off the huge black beast harassing Ari. "Focus, Phoebe!" she snapped as another wave of snarling lycanthropes burst from the tree line. Phoebe and Diana swore in unison as the Hunters tried to reestablish their scattered line. One of the werewolves yipped in confusion as a burst of blue light shot from one of the trees, struck it full on the chest, and left a very small puppy sitting tangled in its own feet on the ground. Two more of them suddenly went into a panic as opaque white mist covered their eyes, thrashing and managing to trip up one of their fellows; but others were still coming, and Becky only had so much power left to give. "Zoë!" Diana shouted as they were forced back under the onslaught, frantically firing off arrows to slow the monsters down. "This is ridiculous!" "There's too many of them!" Cynthia agreed. "We can't hold up under this—Tori! Watch out!" Victoria dodged just in time, burying her dagger to the hilt in the shoulder of the werewolf that had nearly flanked her; it growled and spun away, taking her knife with it, and she retreated quickly. Cynthia was right; wherever the seemingly endless army of werewolves was coming from, they were outnumbered and would soon be surrounded, and several of them were stranded in trees. "Phoebe!" she shouted. Phoebe didn't answer her with anything but a grunt, but as she was grappling two werewolves at once with a battleaxe taller than she was, Zoë could forgive her fairly easily. "We need a perimeter. Now." "On it, Fearless Leader," she growled, and gave a short "Ha!" of triumph as Diana turned briefly from covering Zoë's flank to shoot one of the wolves clean through the eye. With half her resistance suddenly gone, Phoebe dispatched her remaining enemy quickly and flicked the battleaxe back into its casing to fold out another attachment. "Fire in the—well, everything," she said with a wild grin. Ari whooped from her tree as Phoebe squeezed the fuel lever on her flamethrower. It was July, in southern California. They were in a particularly brush-heavy portion of the woods. A perimeter was established. Quickly. "That's one way to do it," Phoebe said happily, stowing the flamethrower back in her pocketknife as the werewolves fled west, yelping and on fire. "Hey, ankle-biters! You okay up there?" "Ow. Ow ow. Hot," Ari commented as she picked her way gingerly down from her tree. It was... well, technically not burned. Medium-well, perhaps. If Zoë was feeling generous. At least Becky's had avoided partial immolation; her biggest obstacle in getting down was the height of the lower branches, which was solved nicely when Phoebe caught her on the jump. "Nice trick with the blinding," she commented, thumping the girl on the back. Becky gave a shy smile at the praise. The post-battle regroup was cut short as every Hunter in the burning circle of trees drew their bows again at the sound of footsteps, approaching at a