Warnings : Slash (Aragorn x Legolas) and NOT a happy story. Truth be told I just wanna write something about the dark side of a certain character that usually don't appear in the stories. Disclaimer : Not mine. (Duh!) Love It first started after Arwen fell pregnant. Sure, they had done things before that. Being young in a world of beauty, it was only natural for Aragorn to surrender to his curiosity here and there. Not to mention one can only stand the lonely, cold nights of the wild for so long. Still it was only after his heir was conceived, growing strong in his love's womb that Aragorn really considered reminiscing some adventures of his youth. After all, every king has needs. A warm bed was one of them. Legolas was already there, standing tall like a young tree even if his eyes betrayed his true age. He was waiting for his king, his friend, at ready just like he did in times of war. But there was no bow on his back, no knives. For once in his life, Aragorn saw the elf weaponless in every sense of the word. And Aragorn liked it. There was no need for words. In fact, the man couldn't remember opening his mouth a single time. Even when he reached completion, there was no name to scream, no vow to shout. They parted before dawn, cleaning themselves and redressing in silence. No lingering look was given, no last caress or swift kiss. They merely left the chamber and went to opposite directions. And Aragorn smiled, content for the first time in weeks. The second time Aragorn went for Legolas was also for need, though one of the heart, not of the flesh. Arwen was dead. Her life taken in childbirth. The king was left to rule alone with not one but two newborns to take care. It was an exhausting and far too impossible task for one man alone. Newborns are always hard to deal with but Aragorn had little experience in the matters. The fact he had to look for two children instead of one a curse more than a blessing in the early days. It was then that Aragorn searched for the elf, the only one that could drown his sorrows and worries. The one that would consume all his thoughts and not demand anything in return. And it could be just his grief – or the desperate need to get rid of it – but that night Aragorn basked in a sinful passion he had never known existed. His whole soul burned with desire, the wish to take, to possess until there was nothing left. That night the king came like never before. But as the new dawn broke through the dark horizon so did the king break free from the hold of the archer. And again they parted without a word. It took five years until Aragorn gave in a third time. There had been pressure for another queen and one fine day like many others Aragorn found himself wondering if it wasn't indeed time to let Arwen fade into memory like so many things had. Not to mention it was impossible to raise two boys without a maternal figure. That much was clear. The chosen lady was a beautiful woman, no older than Arwen was when they married, if her face was to match her years that is. The king had thought long and hard about that particular lady, wondering how the nobles would take such difference in age, but in the end his heart won again. Besides, he didn't feel old in the sightless. Why should he act like it? The weeding was brief. It held not even half of the noble, almost divine air the first one so easily portrayed but it was still lovely and rich by its own terms. Both the nobles and the people were happy, a coincidence far too rare for Aragorn's taste, and the king was willing to enjoy. He also secretly enjoyed the elf standing on the forgotten background, waiting for his summon. The wedding night was a sweet affair, a soft lullaby that easily pulled the new queen to a land of dreams. But not the king. Silent like a cat, Aragorn sneaked away from the royal bed. He still had the joy in his heart and it was screaming for release. Not one at the hands of a young, naïve lady raised in velvet and gold but one of wild and pleasure and fire. The type of joy a proper king should not feel. That night he took Legolas under the stars, in a far enough place they could scream with all their might and still remain hidden and unknown. It was an unnecessary burden, though. Neither of them spoke a word. It was nearly three decades later when Aragorn sought the elf, and he wasn't even sure why. He was happy with his queen and the kingdom flourished like never before. He had five beautiful children, all gifted with intelligence and beauty. Aragorn had no doubt all of his children would be easily accepted by the people and, most importantly, rule well. And perhaps that's what made him restless. The fact neither of his children were truly children anymore. The twins were thirty five; his third son, thirty two and his forth, twenty seven. Even his sweet little girl, the gift he never expected to receive, had just turned twenty. No, none of them were children. They hadn't been for a long time. Alas, it was wrong. For Aragorn did not feel old. As he took Legolas, pounding into him with all his might, that was the desperate prayer Aragorn silently held through the night. I'm not old. I'm not old. I'm not old. It was only after the birth of his second grandchild that Aragorn pondered if something was indeed wrong. Whatever fear he had of aging faded long ago, replaced by the knowledge that yes, he was definitely old. But he did not feel like it. And that thought alone was enough to keep him awake during the night. He did not care before – in fact, Aragorn was more than happy when he noticed how easily the years pilled on his shoulders – but now something felt off. Like an annoying itch he could not reach. The fact he no longer had a kingdom to rule only made things worse. And there was Legolas. The elf Aragorn could no longer resist, still as beautiful as the first time they met. After Arwen's death Legolas became the jewel of the White City, a title the king took more pride on than the elf himself. Almost every night Aragorn would leave his bed and meet the archer in secret, the four walls of their chamber the only place he could let himself go. Alas, such relief was also a curse. For every night Aragorn would notice how ease it was for him to perform, to give pleasure and reach completion, to remain awake and burning the whole night. It did not make any sense. Someone of his age should not be able to do so much, neither walk away like nothing ever happened. The king knew old people. Their fears and diseases, scars and, deep down, the knowledge they would not remain in this earth for long. Yet the king could not see any of it in himself. He tried. Valar knows he tried. But every time he looked into the mirror he saw a strong man with a sword on his belt and fire on his eyes. So he blamed his blood. The blood of the Eldar that granted him a long life. And kept his hold on Legolas. Because Legolas never change. And Aragorn was starting to wonder if he would be left alone in the end. The cry echoed for a heartbeat, maybe two before cheers took over the once silent halls. And yet, Aragorn could not find in his heart to care. It was his twentieth grand-grandchildren after all. Looking around, the once king tried to pretend like so many times before, but the sights of old faces killed whatever efforts he was about to make. After so many winters, Aragorn could no longer see the prideful family he fathered. Three of his sons were already dead, with the last one struggling not to join them. His only daughter had left, going to live with a noble in another city, taking with her the ghost of Gondor's second queen. That left his grandchildren, the four already had graves, be it by disease or some stupid accident or another. Seven of the living ones still lived in the palace that is. But even those days were counted, the once king could tell. He would be alone. So Aragorn gave up pretending. Getting up, he did not spare even a glance to his family or in laws. He didn't even look at the healer and the bundle in her arms. But Aragorn could see, rather, he could feel the ancient presence moving, following him with silent steps. Every dream must fade. No matter how pleasurable or endless it seems, in the end, all dreams will shatter, leaving the dreamer to stumble back to reality with empty hands. To Aragorn it happened one night, the first of the winter, when he found himself on all fours, Legolas pounding deeply inside him. Silence was deafening. It was then Aragorn realized he never possessed the elf, not even in the beginning when he was truly young. He never possessed anything. Aragorn's fingers caressed the old stone, getting rid of the small layer of snow. It was a futile effort, he knew it well, but it gave him something to do other than feel the weight of the place he was now in. And yet, when the stone was clean enough to read the name engraved in it so long ago, the man could not help but feel whatever part of him that was still whole crack. "Arwen..." – cold lips whispered, numb fingers caressing the stone once more. It was there, wasn't it? When it all started? Or was he wrong like so many times in the past? Did Arwen know what would become of her king? Daring to look to the side, gray eyes fell on another tombstone. Arwen's sons. His sons. Buried side by side with their mother. And behind them… Aragorn knew he should not look but he could not help himself. After so many years, it was his duty. He owned his family that simple, yet heartbreaking act. Raising his head, Aragorn faced his legacy. The sea of tombstones stared back, cold and silent like everything seemed to be nowadays. Each one covered in a thin layer of snow, each hiding a name that should have not been forgotten. Try as he might, Aragorn could not remember when it all started. And yet, now he knew the culprit. He felt childish – stupid even – but now Aragorn knew. And now he wanted answers. "Why?" – the word was bitter but soft, the sound nearly lost in the wind. And, for a moment, Aragorn thought he would be left in silence. But that word was also the first he spoke to the elf in decades. It deserved an answer. "Because Hope is cruel." "I'm not. It was you who corrupted me." – Aragorn frowned, body tense and ready to strike. But he knew better. "Did I? For it was always you who came to me, not the other way around. " It was true. Aragorn had no answer for that. "I was born to be cold. The leaf atop the highest tree. Never falling, never changing." – arms sneaked around the man's torso, possessive arms, too strong to be forced apart. Cold lips found the man's ear – "And yet, the first time I saw you I knew. Hope would be my