Stephanie Meyers owns all Twilight Characters mentioned in this story. However any other characters are mine as well as the plot. Do not alter this plot or attempt to use it without my expressed permission. Any who do so without my expressed permission will face legal action to the fullest extent of the law. Warning: Lemons and Spankings for Bella in this story. This is a story written for a Fandom Fundraiser. My Beta Greeneyes84 and I will be expanding it and explaining how the family became crime fighters etc. There will not be more than eight chapters, we don't think. I wanted to get this out and see how it's liked before we expanded it. Safer at Twilight Summary: Hunting Criminals over the city streets along the rooftops, Edward feels fear then "hears" a soft voice saying "Its better this way. No one will miss me anyway". Hopping along the buildings until he finds "her" where he is hit with a wave of such lust and passion it knocks him to his knees. By now its twilight and safer for him to try to get to her; She is leaning over the railing staring at the street far below never knowing her fate and his has just changed. Chapter One: Finding His Mate BPOV: You never know what's going to break you; at least I never did until today. My dad was taken from me my senior year in high school, a victim of a driver not willing to stop when he saw a police car stopped helping a motorist. The only good thing if there was a good thing was he never felt a thing or so they told me. I have clung to that in my darkest moments. Since I had two weeks left in school, I stayed with my friend Angela's family until graduation. After that, his insurance made out for me, paid my bank account $250,000; plus the house I sold making me another $80,000. College was what kept me sane. I graduated last week. My mom had remarried was happy and didn't need her "kid" who was not much younger than her handsome golfer husband. She loved traveling and being his biggest fan. Now graduated from school at last, finally able to direct my life in some direction the last blow happens. Flying back from a tournament, mom and Phil were both killed, when the small ten seater plane crashed in heavy fog. I'm truly alone with no one and nothing but a big bank account that will now grow even bigger paid for by parent's blood. Standing here on the roof overlooking the city as I contemplate an empty future, the need to just jump and let the chips fall; it becomes so overwhelming I can feel the wind pushing me over the edge. EPOV: Running as fast as I can and still be stealthy, I finally jump unto her roof. She is leaning over the edge staring, but tears are falling like rain down her face. Reaching for her I spin us around away from the edge and into the shadows. Can't understand why I'm so mad at her. I don't even know her, and yet she is everything to me, it's the mating pull my mind screams at me! Well crap this is new, why now? Oh the things I want to do her now, I can barely contain myself. I hear her intake of breath, and looking down at the sweetheart in my arms; I see beautiful brown eyes looking up at me. "No sweetie you are not jumping today or any day" I say, leaning down I kiss her with all the passion I can. Not sure but I feel a difference in my very being. This kiss just sealed the deal for me. As long as I exist she is mine and I am hers, there is no going back. I remember hearing tales that our venom bonds with our true mate's very DNA making them ours forever. Guess I'll find out soon enough. BPOV: What just happened, I feel myself being propelled off the edge and into the shadows? Looking up I stare at the most handsome man I have ever seen. Then out of the blue he kisses me like I am all there is in this world for him. My Heavens what was that, it felt like I just got a transfusion or some such thing into my very blood. I can feel a connection to this man in ways I have never even dreamed of. What is he? I have no idea but even if I don't want to know, I feel myself merging somehow into him. Still I am a red blooded American girl, I'll be damned if I'll be manhandled like a rag doll. " What the hell are you doing?" I push him, but he doesn't budge, still I yell it anyway. Shock then anger flashes over his beautiful face; that will teach him to grab women! " Little girl watch it, you are only adding to the spanking you deserve when we get off this roof" he snaps at me. " What? Are you insane?" with that statement, I'm thrown over his shoulder, and holy moly we are moving fast over the rooftops. Good thing its dark out, I'd probably die of fright with the heights alone. Jumping across alleys like they are puddles on the street. The wind is whipping my hair around like I'm in a Gale. Seems like forever until we stop hopping roofs. Then he unlocks a rooftop door, going down flights of stairs. All this is done in total darkness. I can't see a thing it's a good thing his grip on me is so tight. We slow down, and finally I can make out a landing and maybe a door down a hallway. I try to wiggle off his shoulder earning myself a hard smack on my bottom "Behave naughty girl" is growled at me. So I hit his butt with my fist as hard as I can. Chuckling at me "Oh baby, we are going to be so good together" He says to me. " You wish buddy" I yelled in his ear, earning another swat "Oweee!" Well damn him! I take a huge gulp of air and then I scream as loud as I can, then I start yelling for help at the top of my lungs. My voice seems to echo around the hallway. " Oh go ahead baby, no one is here, keep making me madder at you". Since he sounded mad, I stopped and decided to kick him in a very private place, as soon as I was on my feet. I heard a small laugh, but then nothing. Finally we enter a door and he sits me down. EPOV: Kick me; well go ahead and try it baby. What a stinker, still she stopped screaming which was good for her. This is my building, and my flat is soundproof, glad I made it so. Who knew little Miss, "I Scream a Lot" would turn out to be my mate? Fate truly is an awful bitch at times. Now we are finally at my door, going in I let her down, backing up so she can't hurt herself trying to kick me as she plans to do. The little dear, while running I heard every thought, and felt all her pain. Odd that they didn't tell me, that would happen when I found my mate. Now to test the other "story" my brother Peter told me. If she is my mate, and I'm displeased at her, that sexy bottom will burn like a volcano. Now to test this; I send her my "daddy vibes" as Peter and Jasper call them, staring at her making her keep eye contact, as we look into each other eyes. Gasping she actually covers her bottom for a second and winches. Yes, it works! She's mine, ok darling done deal here we go. BPOV: Golly my butt just started burning like a blow torch lit up under it. Caught myself trying to cover it like I was five or something, I'm having the strangest feeling he did that to me, but how? We stand there staring at each other, neither one willing to give in first. His eyes are the most lovely color, not gold not yellow something more. Every second that passes I become more tied to him. No idea why but I realize I have no fear what so ever of this man, if that is what he is, somehow I know that isn't right either. Still he is mine in every way someone can belong to another. Finally I blink, noting he relaxes a bit. "Well now little girl, I'm Edward Masen what's your name?" "Isabella Swan, but I prefer Bella" I hold out my hand, getting an electric shock when our fingers touch. " Okay Bella, tell what the hell were you doing on that roof?" He demands of me. " No you first!' I huff as I threw that out at him. " Not happening little girl I asked you first!" " Well then EDWARD, what did we just do? I don't see a cape or tights buddy, what the hell are you?" I stomp my foot so he knows I mean it. Before I know it he is dragging me into a beautiful bedroom, sitting at the end of the bed is a pretty bench. He sits and drags me to it too, making me sit beside him. " I was saving your life, and you were ending yours, my naughty girl" " Stop calling me that" I want to stand there and stomp and stomp, he is making me so mad! I won't sit here and be called naughty by some kind of creature who looks like sex on legs. He smirks at me, so I stand and stomp four times before sitting down next to him again. Take that buddy. " No I won't darling" we glare at each other. How did he know what I was thinking? EPOV: Golly is it always going to be like this, how do they get them to co-operate? I never hear their mates arguing with them before a spanking or after either. Crying yes, but yelling, and stomping feet, never in over 90 years. Why me? Can't one darn thing be simple for me? I want to mate with her so badly I can hardly sit here. But to do that I must dominate first, then we are "married" in our world, and I have rights then. Add to the fact it's all new to me too. I can smell she is pure, no other male scents at all. My inner Vampire is raging at me to take her, show who is boss. But I want her to love me too, and savaging her isn't the way to build trust. I would like to call Peter for advice, Be kind of strange to call Peter right now, I can just imagine that conversation "Peter I found her, how do I get her to agree, knocking her out doesn't seem to be the answer" Yeah I'd never live that one down. " Isabella" I say slowly, and with as much anger as I can send to her. She jumps up placing her hands under her bottom, looking at me with large doe eyes now, not so mouthy now I see. Good, first thing she has done right today. This might work after all. " I will explain it all, after a little family thing, we must do right now baby" she gasps but doesn't say a word. Grabbing her I have her over my knees and bare bottomed in seconds. Like the fighter she is, a mighty, little, but very brave attempt to counter me ensued between us. I'm impressed I must say. I stopped that with two hard spanks