Stephanie Meyers owns all Twilight Characters mentioned in this story. However any other characters are mine as well as the plot. Do not alter this plot or attempt to use it without my expressed permission. Any who do so without my expressed permission will face legal actions. My Geisha My Love By: Oona4 Beta'd by Greeneyes84 Banner by Arc Morpheus Summary: Escaping from her father and his plans for her future with a boy she hates. Bella finds herself at the dockside in Seattle. Stowing away on a container ship she winds up in Japan. Captured by the captain she is sold to a geisha house for the elite and wealthy. Prologue: Edward Masen Volturi is sent to Japan to represent his family's interest there. Vampires have been out and involved in the world for the last 50 years. Their intelligence and power along with their wealth has made them major players in many companies. Wanting to wine and dine him, the KBZ or Ketsueki Banku Zaibatsu, a huge corporation providing vampires and others with a mix of animal, human, and artificial blood is making it possible for them to live and thrive amongst humans at last. Edward is there to secure a footing, to invest in this company and to acquire holdings for future resorts geared for vampires only in areas not hospitable to humans. "The company sets him up in own private estate with a companion named Hakari or Radiant Light. She is a Geisha, unmarried, and trained from childhood in the art of pleasing a man, in music, dancing, and pillow service, which he has not asked for. He's captivated but doesn't believe what his heart and mind try to tell him. How will he feel when he finds out that this exotic woman is not what she appears and what will he do when he figures out he can't live without her?" Chapter One Isabella: Forks Washington Six Months Ago "Bella!" get your butt down here now! Charlie Swan yelled at his only child. A child that had her mother survived the auto accident he would never have had custody of. Mean spirited and blaming Bella for her mother's departure from his grasp he took every opportunity to make her feel unwelcome in his life. Bella now 17 and a beauty if there ever was one, was a shy book loving, peace loving girl. She gave him any trouble and for all intents and purposes was a virtual slave to him and his house. She was never allowed to go anywhere except the Reservation and his friend's Billy house. Jake, Billy's son, was a tyrant in the making and he had plans for little Bella. Plans that included a tribal wedding and many kids as soon as possible no matter what she dreamed of or wanted. Jake was determined to become the leader among his group of friends and Bella would make sure of that. She cooked like a chef, cleaned a house until it shined and from the look at her now adult body she would be a pleasure to have in his bed. The fact that she hated him, was repulsed by him didn't faze him, in fact it made for a better game. Taking her forcefully was the stuff his dreams were made of. Coming down the stairs, she saw her dad was standing there fuming like always. "I called you girl, where were you?" tempted to tell him there were three rooms upstairs where would she be? She wisely said nothing. "OK now tomorrow school is out for the holidays and you will be moving onto the Res. Time you learned what life will be like at the Black's house. I need a break and in fact I will be moving a lady friend in here tomorrow night" Charlie informed here not leaving any room for argument Stunned by this news she kept her face impassive. She was shocked when his hand flew out and slapped her again. This was happening more and more, it was becoming a habit lately, no matter if she spoke or not. "You'll learn respect girl, Jake will see to that" he turned and walked into the living room turning on the sports channel as loud as it would go. She made a plate for him and set it on the coffee table along with his beer. Now she was free to do whatever she liked as long as she was in reach when the game was over. Going softly up the stairs she pulled out her duffle bag and threw the little clothes she owned into it. She changed into warm jeans, socks, and chucks and then she pulled the money she had been saving out of her sock drawer. Bella pulled on a flannel shirt over her tee and grabbed her hoodie; she didn't dare take a warm coat, every night she walked around the neighborhood and he knew her routine, if she took a warm jacket he would know something was up. She made sure to take her soap, shampoo, hygiene items and stuffing them in along with two paperbacks, her mom's picture, and her MP3 player, that still worked, she said goodbye to the awful house her mom and fled from when she was two years old. Bella had been planning her escape for a while, what she didn't have planned was where she could go to get away from him. Charlie was a cop with all their resources and she knew that once he figured out that she ran away, he would come after her and she didn't dare think of what he would do to her, what Jake would do to her. Getting caught was not an option. Coming back downstairs she hid the duffle outside the back door, telling her dad she was off on her walk. Grabbing an umbrella because it was drizzling like always, he told her to back in time to make his lunch tomorrow for work. Nodding and smiling a forced smile, Bella went out the front door. She walked a few feet then slipped along the side of the house to get her duffle and ran like hell down the road. Jessica, a friend and classmate met her in her old car and knowing her fate, had offered to give her lift to a truck stop nearby. Arriving there they hugged and Bella watched her head back to her job at the diner hoping their ruse worked. Bella tried to relax for the next part, she was scared to get a ride from a stranger but what choice did she have? So she forced herself to suck it up walk to the line of trucks filling up and prayed she wouldn't get a pervert. There was a woman driver watching her walk up, concerned she asked "Young lady can I help you?" She seemed sincere so Bella told her everything, she even showed her the latest bruises left by Jake when she told him "no" the other night. Sizing her up and knowing the girl needed help she said. "Alright Bella, my name is Marianne, how about you get in and go into the back area. I can get you to Seattle and then I need to pick up my loads there and head out" "Thanks so much Marianne, it means so much" Bella told her in gratitude By the time Charlie realized she hadn't come back it was past midnight. He had fallen asleep in his recliner like so many other nights since she came here looking just like her mother had years ago. He hated her, knew it was wrong but he did anyway. Figuring she had fallen again and was sitting along the road waiting for him to find her, he headed out to the cruiser. Two hours later and several phone calls to all her classmates, including Jessica who was still at work at the dinner; he knew she had bolted after all. Damn, Billy was going to be furious. Marianne dropped Bella off and forced her to take twenty dollars and her home phone number. She watched as Bella walked away and prayed "Please God watch over that sweet girl. Help her to get far away and find a man strong enough to break her free of the chains that bind her here" Wiping her tears she headed to her loading area to begin another cross country trip. The boys of the reservation, the ones gifted with the gene to phase into wolves, phased and headed in all directions and were hoping to catch her scent. They lost it along a mud soaked road so driven over there was no telling where she went or how. She might have been grabbed by a bear or picked up, hell she could have been anywhere. Charlie knew deep down she ran but where? She could have hitched-hiked to Seattle and in the morning he along with some of the pack would go there and search. The second I learned of this betrayal by her I phased and killed any small animals I could find. Phasing back I swore to my pack brothers she would pay. Jake's POV: When I find her she will be so sorry. After I teach her a lesson with my belt I'll claim her and have her bonded to me by tribal laws before the sun sets. She'll never run again I swear to that. Seattle Washington Dockyard's 5am BPOV: I can't believe I made it this far. Shoving Marianne's phone number and the twenty into my bra for safety, I headed down into the dockyard. Not knowing why because it's really a bad idea for a girl to be here alone before its light out; nonetheless I feel compelled to do so. After dodging the night watchman and going from shadow to shadow, I came across a container ship being loaded. There on a net covered pallet is a pile of wooded boxes with a hole in the center of the stack. Telling myself to not be a coward, I slid into the space just as the net began to rise in the air. Lucky for me I wasn't crushed as they lowered it inside the ship. I had a few minutes to find a safer place down there in a bigger less filled space. Here they had automobiles strapped down unto pallets. One was a minivan and the back tail gate was unlocked. I unscrewed the bulb from the door and crawled inside. It was big enough to live in and covered with a black tarp which would help to hide me more. Soon enough I feel the ship moving and hear the tug boat sounds. Falling asleep I wake hours later to the rhythm of the deep sea. Hearing nothing in my area and fearing they have cameras I decide to wait awhile, but then my bladder demands I find a place to empty it. Glad I'm wearing black, I sneak out of my hiding spot and going slowly and feeling the walls, I come across a tiny bathroom for the crew I guess. Anyway I use it and then count the steps back to the van so I can find it again. On my journey I come across a table with tools on it. There I take a flashlight and an unopened can of soda. Thrilled with my booty I make my way back to the van with no visitors or alarms going off. In my duffle I had placed two gallon zip lock bags one filled with cookies, crackers and candy from Charlie's stash I was never to touch but had to keep filled. The other was filled with pbj's that won't spoil. Somewhere in the Pacific Ocean Two Days Later I am out of food. Watching the crew and noticing their habits I decide to take a chance and find the kitchen. I have discovered a watch of sorts. Every four hours