Stephanie Meyers owns all Twilight Characters mentioned in this story. However any other characters are mine as well as the plot. Do not alter this plot or attempt to use it without my expressed permission. Any who do so without my expressed permission will face legal action to the fullest extent of the law This the story from the last "Southern Contest" it's going to be expanded but today it's being posted as it was submitted. I hope you like it. I thought some of you haven't seen before. Jasper/Alice - Peter /Charlotte Beta: Greeneyes84 Southern Comfort By Oona4 Summary: After tracking a rogue vampire he has been trying to find for over 50 years, Japer realizes he is once again outside Charleston South Carolina. The last time he here was before being changed by Maria, the last time he was ever happy and in love. Looking for Alex Murphy, a true monster, who feeds not only on humans, but female human's brutally killing them only after torturing them to the point of insanity. If it is the last thing he ever does he will end him himself; because after all he is his sire. Finding himself in the one place he swore to never return, he must make a decision; does he go on into the old city, where he had love and a future? Or does he allow the beast he hunts to once again prey on innocent girls? " Back Home Again" JPOV: That smell, that beautiful smell; of magnolia's, salt air, and honeysuckle, in the cool night breeze. Driving me straight to my knees, the pain, and joy of it, combined to overwhelm me. My mind and heart were reeling from memories so sweet and anguish so painful I could barely keep my sanity. Maddie, oh my Maddie, my beloved little love. My sweet, beautiful, and tiny, Madison Yvette Belvoir. My fiancée and the bell of this city. She was the one I wanted to spend my life with. Then the War happened and families were torn apart, either going Blue or going Gray. I had tried for years to block her out of my mind, but lately she has been creeping back in. Now I guess I can try to find out what happened to my little Angel. A heartbreaker if there ever was one. Running into the city I come across a general store, gas station, and gift shop combination. I can drink Coffee and whiskeys, eat rare meats. I have finally perfected the best diet for me, animals are fine, but a criminal once every 8 months keeps me strong enough to interact with humans every day. While pouring my coffee I see a huge advertisement for a re-enactment starting tonight. I could not believe my eyes it was a Civil War re-enactment, including my old regiment. Standing there staring at the poster I hear a voice "Which unit you in son?" Turning towards the voice I see a kind elderly man smiling at me. "Sir I'm a Major in the South Carolina Sharpshooters. "Son, you don't have your kit, are you joining us tonight and attending ball tomorrow?" "Well sir I would love to do both but I fear in my travels I have lost most of my things". He stared at me and then blinked and shocked me something not easily done. "My name is William Morgan III, and I run this here establishment, just so happens I am the local go-to man for all things Civil War. We had an order for a couple of Uniforms and complete kits but those boys cancelled today. So I have an offer for you. Would you join us tonight and be my guest at our full dress Ball? I have 2 kits and interesting enough 2 complete sets of uniforms for a Major" It took all of five seconds to smile and hold out my hand. During the time it took to take my hand and really give me a gentleman's handshake I felt, fear, awe, honor, and respect. Puzzling to me, it's like he knows who I am. "It would be an honor sir, I'm Major Jasper Whitlock" While there I bought along with the outfits and kit, 4 days worth of clothes and 2 new canvas bags to store them in. New boots Army boots made like the 1860's and new western boots as well. Even bought Peter the same set. He offered and I accepted a ride to the encampment. Oh my I was suddenly taken back in time. I wish my brother Peter had come with me after all. He'll be sorry to have missed this. Before me was a complete camp circa 1861. Tents and campfires everywhere, in neat rows as far as the eye could see. We were using the back lands of Middleton Plantation and a more beautiful place would be hard to find. I remember a ball here days before I was changed. Maddie and I, waltzing to the music, she in her lovely green gown, and me in my dress uniform. William and I made our way to officer's area; he was a General I learned when we got there. I was given a tent to myself, and orders to take over a company in the morning. I rested that night listening to sounds I had not heard for over 150 years. In the Morning after meeting men, I scouted the camp satisfied there was no scent of Alex here. As I walked along I spied the vendor's area. Here you could find everything you need to be a re-enactor. As I meandered through the tents I suddenly heard a laugh and then a voice, a voice I knew I would never hear again. Following that sound I was soon at the tent where ladies were being outfitted for tonight's ball. Imagine my utter shock at seeing a beautiful young lady the spitting image of my Maddie even down to the voice. She was laughing while they pulled the corset strings on a protesting young girl of about 15. "Becky you better get used to it, no dress no ball" "Alice! You are killing me" once again, she made sweet Alice laugh again. She spied me watching and her face lit up. "You sir, I need a gentlemen's opinion". I looked into her eyes and time froze for a moment. In those precious seconds once again I was overwhelmed with feeling from another. This little Alice felt terror, then disbelief, awe, recognition and then most of all pure love. Now I was the one stunned. "Yes my lady I would be most honored to give you my opinion" with an accent I had not used in years I kissed her hand. Blushing sweetly she, spun poor Becky around, happily they had the dress on her at last. Becky was looking at me like I was a bug under a glass. "You my dear child look lovely" I said with a wink causing the girl to burst into laughter. "Ali, ok I can stand it. Now get out of it before I faint" Bowing to them I continued on my way looking into tents and at the items for sale or being demonstrated. I hadn't gone very far when I felt a small hand on my arm. Looking down I saw Miss Alice right beside me walking in tandem with me. "Why Miss Alice this is an honor. How may I help you?" "Major is it? You can help me two ways kind sir, first by joining me for dinner tonight before the ball and if I may be bold if you would be my companion there tonight. It's hard to be single lady at these functions. All the creepers come out and it can be either dull or frightening". Taking a few moments to ponder this I answered her "It would be an honor to be your companion tonight. As to dinner if I am not required to dine with my men that too would be delightful" "Good it's all set then, here is my address in town I shall expect you at 6 sharp Major" she released my arm, curtsied and all but ran the other way. I was still shocked by all this she was the spitting image of Maddie. Reminding me I needed to do a little research on her today. I spent all morning with the unit assigned to me. Nicer men you cannot have met. They know their role in this re-enacting world. Peter and I will have to join one; I know we would enjoy it. Pulling out my cell phone after dismissing the men until the Ball tonight, I called my brother, "Peter where are you? I'm in Charleston, yes I know, it shocked me too. Listen are you close enough to come here. I smelled him nearby, but I need you Pete. There are people and things here that we must deal with at last. Yes here is where I am. I'll have a Captains uniform for you brother, we are attending a Ball tonight. See you in 3 hours then" Peter had been doing background checks where we thought he might have been. But maybe we'll end this here in our hometown. He was coming and was close enough to make it here. I hurried to the General's tent catching him before he went back to his shop and apartment above. "General Sir would you have a Captains uniform, I could buy or rent tonight?" I ask as soon as we entered. "Why yes I do, a fancy one and a plain one. Do you want both?" "Sir my brother Peter will be here in 2 hours and yes I would love both" After getting me all I needed for Peter, I left saying we would see him tonight. Meeting Peter at the encampment and both of us getting dressed in our finery I told him everything from the odd feelings I was getting to Maddie's look alike. He pondered that for awhile as we walked to the General Store for a lift to the Battery and Alice's house. Meeting the General, who once again expressed the same emotions he had upon meeting me, we rode with him into the night. How very strange I thought. Dropping us off right along the Battery wall we both stood for a few minutes lost in our memories. "Jazz is our home still here?" "Peter we are a block away and it's not far from Alice's home if I recall correctly, let's walk by, and see" We didn't stand out; the city was full of uniforms tonight there were at least 6 parties going on before, and after the Grand Ball. It made for a sad night seeing all the men it was just like the real thing. We stopped in front of our childhood home. New paint colors and landscaping but it was there. "Water's Edge" my grandfather had named it because then it was on the water's edge. By the time we were born it was back 1 block, the battery sea wall had been built. But the family still called it that. On the gate my father had made in New Orleans was the plaque "Water's Edge" I felt the tears in my eyes and Pete was already sobbing softly. "Pete I wonder if they know how loved this home was? And who owns it now?" "Jasper we need to find out if it ever comes on the market let's buy it" I agreed. Walking a few hundred yards there was an alley with smaller townhomes just as old as our home was. I was stopped dead Alice lived in Maddie's house. How odd was this? We looked at each other and then walked up the steps to the carved front door. On the long porch was a jostling board, golly could it be the same one Maddie and I sat on in the evenings?