Stephanie Meyers owns all Twilight Characters mentioned in this story. However any other characters are mine as well as the plot. Do not alter this plot or attempt to use it without my expressed permission. Any who do so without my expressed permission will face legal action to the fullest extent of the law. Contains Vampire Discipline: spanking in this chapter. Learning to Trust: By: Oona Cullen Summary: Edward Cullen Son, Brother, Doctor, and Vampire is told by his sister he will finally meet his mate. Deciding to follow her advice he sets out to see if dreams really can come true. What she doesn't tell him is his mate is human. Chapter One: APOV: "Edward I am telling you it's today, you will come across your mate sometime today, it's all I can tell you." "OK Alice I will trust you" "What will I do when I find her?" "You'll know dear brother, you'll know" EPOV: So here he was sitting on a park bench watching kids and families play and walk the boardwalk. There was a lovely breeze and it was just overcast enough to make the day a pleasure. As he sat there he began to get impressions in his mind, not thoughts truly but images and feelings. "How odd" I thought. So I concentrated while pretending to read a book, soon I had a rough direction to go and getting up heading "her" way. Several minutes passed and the images kept fading in and out, so very odd, however I wasn't going to question them. All at once I'm was bombarded with thoughts and sadness. Walking to the nearest bench I once again sat and skimmed through my book, all the while "listening" with my mind. A girl or young woman was thinking about when she would find someone who would love her for herself, someone not turned off by the fact she wasn't uber skinny but curvy instead. Someone who loved the things she did, books, music, travel (if she ever gets too), movies, and the joy of being loved by someone special. But who could love her? There was the rub, just who would? Her thoughts seem to dwell on this for awhile then all at once she started to sing softly "Bye Bye Blackbird" then morphed into the Beatles "Blackbird". She was washing dishes and singing those two songs combining them and it was very pretty. "I think I could like this girl" I mused. Sitting up straight I honed in on the thoughts and got up to walk the block to zero in on where she was. Soon her thoughts stopped all together and for a moment I panicked. But then a pretty girl, yes she was not built like most of the girls, skinny and over made-up. Instead a little more rounded and oh so sweet looking, walked out a door nearby and down the street, passing me she entered a bookstore. Her scent was alluring lilacs and vanilla and something else I didn't know. I followed amazed at how friendly she was to people that were there, making jokes about herself and comments on books etc. She even answered questions and smiled at the kids there. Picking up a book and cashing out she walked further down the street to a little sidewalk café, where she sat ordered a hot tea and a scone, pulled out her book and began to read. So I also sat down and ordered a plain coffee, something I could drink and not have to throw up later. Pulling out my book I blended in with everyone else nearby. As she read images filled her mind and I was taken on a tour of her book via her reactions to what she read. It was an adult romance, one with supernatural creatures and humans, a lot of sex which surprised me, and most telling of all a strong male lead that finds, rescues and then dominates the human female, a Vampire who lives as a human recluse and gets away with it. When she got to the part of the female being soundly spanked by him, my girl as I was thinking of her already stunned me by thinking "Oh I wish I had a sexy Vampire lover who would do that to me if I am naughty girl, then make love afterwards as fiercely as the hero does his human". I almost spit out my coffee! Oh little girl you are so going to get your wish was my first thought. She blushed as she was thinking this. After 40 minutes or so she pulled some money out of her pocket and started for the apartment building she had come out of. I paid and began to walk after her. She was humming a song by Air Supply and softly singing the lyrics as she strolled along. It was darker than I realized as they walked I noticed the neighborhood took on a seedy kind of people, bars opened and the café's closed down. Shops closed and neon lights lit up the sidewalks. She had gotten a block ahead of me and a good sized crowd was between them. Suddenly she vanished, I looked up, and she wasn't there. Picking up my pace and pushing between people I finally approached an alley. As I did I heard her cry out "Stop you are hurting me!" Pushing my speed and turning as silent as a mouse down the very dark alley. She was being mauled by three men, they were going through her purse, and slapping her face, she was trying to push them away but to no avail. With a mighty leap I landed right in front of them, scaring them and making the men drop her. Almost falling she caught herself leaning up against the wall. "Sweetheart, are you alright?" I asked her. It was clear she was not, she looked at him and then the men and looked at me again "I am now that you are here" "Close your eyes darling and no matter what you hear do not open them until I tell you, understand?" "Yes, I understand and thank you" when she closed her eyes I swiftly dispatched all three men throwing them into the dumpster and dropping a lit lighter into it. Rushing to her I swept her up into my arms and carried her over a block through the alleys. Then I sat at a bench telling her to open her eyes. "Where are we?" "Just a block from where we were baby" he told her looking at her face, now swelling and her cut lip still bleeding. "Sweetie I need to bring you to my place and fix your cuts, will you allow me to do so?" Still unless her ribs are broken she isn't hurt as badly as I feared. "Can I know your name first?" "Oh sorry baby, it's Edward Cullen and yours?" "Isabella Swan but I prefer Bella" "Ok Bella come on I need to stop that bleeding" "Edward why am I not afraid of you, why do I feel like you are something extra special to me and because it this we are destined to be together?" He was shocked but answered telling her he would explain it all at his apartment. Then half walking half carrying her to my car I took off into the night, arriving at my loft apartment several minutes later. Taking the private elevator to my loft, the penthouse Alice called it although the bldg. was only four stories tall. I owned the entire bldg. getting her seated on a kitchen chair, and taking out my doctor's bag. I began to clean her face and arms and applying cream to the scratches and small cuts I found. Heading to the freezer and walking back with an ice pack I had her hold it to her cheek which was swelling as they sat there, she would be bruised for sure. "Honey I need you to remove your shirt, well what's left of it, I think you might have a broken rib or two as well." She stared at me, then the doctors bag with EMC on it and then at the floor. "What kind of doctor are you?" "I am an ER doctor and trauma surgeon at city hospital" "Oh Ok then" with that she was trying to get her shirt off, I reached over and ripped it off making her gasp. "It was already torn and bloody sweetie" As I felt her ribs which weren't broken thankfully and listened to her heart and BP she was looking around the loft. Massive and done in a western style with large wooden pieces almost unstained. Art work covered the walls and throw rugs the Mexican tile floor. She loved it and the small beehive fireplace was perfect. "Can't wait to see the living room and bath" she thought longingly. Her little walkup was only a room and a half with a bath. Almost cold water flat, and was in the winter, with no heat at all. Hearing all this but I made no comment. As soon as I had finished her exam, I stood and pulled her to her feet. "Let's go in to the living room we need to talk". Getting her seated again he began to talk "Bella, do you have any family?" "No Edward everyone is dead or no longer in my life" "Do you have a boyfriend?" "No one wants a plain curvy girl like me" "Bella I want you" "Why? Why would you want someone like me, a burden, and plump to boot" "Little girl if you say your plump, or fat, or anything else negative again I will spank your bottom right here and right now" "What?" "You heard me" "Edward, are you serious?" "As a heartbeat" "But you don't know me, you never met me before. Why would you want someone like me, and why do you care if I call myself names?" A low growl began to build up in his chest. I reached over and pulled her over my knees, tugging her pants and panties off in one swoop. "Edward what are you doing?" she screamed. "Bella I am spanking your bottom just like I told you I would" Smack! Smack! "Oweee" "Oweee" soon her bottom was a bright pink color. I stopped spanking her and began rubbing her sore bottom. "Now little girl I have things to tell you and you will listen, then ask me any questions you might have" "Ok Edward" she cried sniffing. Gee he's just like my Vampire hero in the book she thought. Bella's POV: So taking me onto his lap he began to tell me what he was, how he and his dad were doctors and about the rest of the family. He was living alone to break up the boredom of constant school. Had two more years he could work at this hosp. before they had to move on. About mating in the Vampire world, about females being disciplined by their mates often and they must agree to living this lifestyle or they can't live as mates. His family uses spankings and he would also use it on his mate as well. "I am your mate?" "Yes darling you are my friend, my lover, and hopefully my wife too" "Edward, do you mean that, for real?" "Of course my love, I already feel the mating pull" "The pain in my chest, I feel it too" He pulled me to him kissing me until I had to come up for air. "Did I live up to your dream Vampire lover?" "How do you know that?" I stammered. "I saw the book you were reading" "Oh" Embarrassed I blushed and hid my face. Taking my chin and bringing my face so he could look in my eyes he told me "Of course, but we haven't made love fiercely yet" "Oh Edward!" causing him to