Just to prove I am still alive: Here is a One Shot for your enjoyment. Stephanie Meyers owns all Twilight Characters mentioned in this story. However any other characters are mine as well as the plot. Do not alter this plot or attempt to use it without my expressed permission. Any who do so without my expressed permission will face legal action to the fullest extent of the law. Contains mature content and spanking: if you don't like don't read. 18 and over please. Beta'd: by the Awesome Greeneyes84… Thanks Dear Heart you make my stories Zing! Beautiful Banner by the Very Talented Marie Carro. You always make them look fantastic! HIS LITTLE LOVE Summary: Isabella Cullen after getting into a fight at school and nearly exposing the family just two weeks before Graduation finds out for certain just what Edward is to her. Not only the adopted big brother she would someday marry but his mate after all. Rescued as a child and raised by the Cullen's the time to claim her has arrived at last. Leaving the school office Alice had a hold of Bella's arm as they walked to the car. "Bella! You are in so much trouble young lady" Alice whispered yelled after they left. She had just assured the principle that Bella would indeed be punished for her actions at school when they got home. "I know Alice, dad's going to be super mad at me, but that bitch deserved the black eye I gave her. It will be worth the spanking I'll get from Dad" I said to her not backing down or feeling bad about hitting that Skank Jessica at all. "How about the broken nose?" Alice asked with a raised eyebrow and Bella shrugged "Yeah well that too, and so did Lauren but I didn't really mean to hurt her. Ali, they had no right to ruin my school work and certainly make it so I will fail at least two classes and not graduate" she huffed "Okay, first of all, you are not going to fail. You have to good of grades with your marks and you're a Cullen, no school in their right minds will fail you. Second, you are lucky Edward is still out of town for another week. I don't think you even realize what he'd have to say about this. We are two weeks from graduation Bella! If it was me, Jasper would make it so I wouldn't be able to sit for days. Dad will be blistering you butt and you know it. Besides, do you think we will let you fail? Of course not naughty girl" Alice spat. She was so mad at Bella right now, this was really serious, and it will bring attention to all of them. "Alice we aren't mates yet, well we are, but until we feel the pull we're still siblings. Plus he has never been angry enough at me, it's always been dad" Bella told her and she couldn't help but feel slightly smug. Edward would never spank her, no matter what. She was sure of that fact. Their father on the other hand, let's just says she had felt the sting of his hand or her mother's hair brush more than a few times. "Isabella, Edward has known you are his mate since you were three and we rescued you from the burning car. You know that! You also know that as such he has more say in what happens to you than the other boys or even dad. You had better prepare yourself for when he finds out young lady!" she scolded and Bella pouted. Not her Edward, she was his darling, like he always told her. They made their way home and Bella wondered if her other siblings would be home but then she remember that Rose and Emmett were on a trip to pick up a classic car to work on now that they had graduated. Jasper was working at the local bookstore in the history department and loving every minute. Her parents were visiting friends in Canada for another week and her other siblings, Charlotte was out of school today because she and Peter were celebrating their anniversary with a romantic mid- week excursion to a resort but the school thought she had the flu. Bella knew that as soon as they got home that Alice would call her dad and they would come home early. "Damn, might as well prepare for it. Alice is great at ruining lives" she thought. Was she being dramatic? More than likely. Did it matter, not really it just really sucked. Alice smelled Edward the minute they arrived home, but didn't tell Bella. " It's time she met her mate " Alice thought as walked to the room she shared with Jasper to call him and tell him of today's events at school. If she knew him he would come home early too. They will have to monitor things for a while to make sure Bella didn't make them interesting to the local people or authorities. The little brat! Bella flew up the stairs and deposited her backpack on the floor when she entered the room, as she bent down a voice said "Hello Isabella" very slowly and deeply, making her jump and turn around towards her desk in the corner of her room. "Oh Edward you're home" she said both happy and terrified he was there. As she looked at him looking at her, she felt the mating pull that she had heard about all her life, well since she was four. Her chest constricted and her heart sped up. Suddenly he was more than the big brother she would someday marry. He was everything and by the look on his face he knew it too. She knew he did because her bottom was on fire and only Carlisle and her mate could do that. She wanted to jump him and make him make love to her, at the same time she wanted to laugh her head off with joy. Add to that, that she knew she had been very naughty today at school and He would never stand for that. If her bottom was anything to go by, she was in very big trouble. It had lit up like a blow torch was being held underneath it; ouch it was terrible, so much worse than when dad had "lit it up" as Ali called it. Bella couldn't help but reflect on how this came to be. She had been rescued at age three from a burning wreck that killed her parents. When she was saved, Carlisle told her that he and his family had been hiking nearby when they heard the crash. Apparently their oldest son Edward had heard the faint sound of a child crying and pulled her out of the wreck. She may have been quite young but Bella knew that something was different about her family. She could recall waking up in the middle of the night and they would always be awake, in pajamas but she knew that they hadn't been asleep and she never saw them eat. She loved them though so she didn't care really at such a young age. She later found out after asking her family about some things such as why Edward wouldn't take her in the yard to play in the sun or why they didn't eat, that her family was in fact a family of vegetarian vampires. The day of the accident they had been hunting nearby. They adopted her and covered up her past by having her parents cremated and ashes sent to Forks Washington in an urn that indicated all three's ashes were within. After two years and much research they knew it was believed by all there. A single headstone made to hold the urn had been erected at the local cemetery with all three names engraved on it and a tribute to the family had been printed in the local paper. Her parents asked her if she was okay with this, that if she wasn't then they would find her a relative and she could go with them, but Bella, even at the age of four knew she could never leave. She looked to Edward, he was like the silver knight in the books he read her, he looked so sad and Bella climbed into his lap and said she was never leaving her Edward. She remembered Edward sobbing into her hair as he held her tightly and swore he would never leave her either. It was then that they told her about the mating pull and how she was destined to be Edward's. She never really understood what they meant. As far as she was concerned Edward was hers and that was that. As she got older, it became apparent that they meant mate or at least that was how Alice and her mother described it when Bella was thirteen and they found her in the bathroom sobbing over a boy who she liked but he called her ugly. Thankfully the other boys were out of the house or the boy would have been dead meat. Alice told her that the boy was not meant for her, that she was meant for Edward. Again Bella snorted, of course she was Edward's. Now she knew the difference, as she got older, her feelings for him had intensified. She found herself being shy around him, maybe even avoiding him sometimes but he would always make sure she knew how special she was to him. He never made her uncomfortable or even talked about the whole mating thing, just would say that he would wait. Three months after the accident and with the help of the Cullen family lawyer, she was theirs, adopted and renamed Isabella Marie Cullen. She was now a senior in High School and soon would be making life decisions for herself and if all went according to plan, Edward as well. Now as she stood there with her hands covering her bottom and staring into his lovely amber eyes she knew he was very displeased with her and she also knew it wouldn't be dad she had to worry about from this moment on. Alice was right after all. "Isabella what has been going on at school?" he asked in a low voice that made her shiver. Nope it wasn't dad who would be wielding Mr. Woody it would be her beloved Edward. "Umm, Edward I'm so happy to see you, I've missed you" she said nervously "As I've missed you my Bella. Now answer my question young lady" he said sternly She leaned against the back of her door looking at him, he was sitting in the chair with his sleeves rolled up and his arms on his knees staring at her. His gaze was steady and unmoving and she knew she was in big trouble. She also knew she loved him more in this minute than she ever thought possible. "Well Jessica has been very mean to me all school year as you know, but it's been so much worse now that her old friend Lauren has moved back here to the city. They seem to enjoy hurting me. Today it was looks and jokes about me and my family, us and even my hair. I ignored it mostly but when they ruined my art project due in three days by throwing paint all over the canvas which could cause me to fail the class I just saw red. After lunch I found my locker had the same color paint on it and my reports all have to be redone as well. On the way to study hall they tripped me and I hit her and broke her nose, she fell backwards and took Lauren down with her and she broke her hand. I have been suspended for three days and we must pay for their medical