My First Fanfiction Chapter One:First Year Ginny Weasley stood nervously in her bedroom, pulling her hand through her perfectly straight, trait Weasley-red locks in her miniature mirror. She was a small, pale girl with horrible freckles sprinkled across her plain face. She hated how ordinary she looked when her personality often said otherwise, but she knew when Harry Potter arrived, she would be too nervous to be even have much of a personality at all around him. She had overheard Ron, Fred and George's plan to sneak her father's flying car to rescue him from his family so that Harry could stay with them over the summer. Harry hadn't responded to any of Ron's letters. Her friends Rebecca and Julia, had questioned her consistently about Harry ever since they had discovered that he was one of Ron's best friends. She had resorted with giving them as much information she knew about Harry, which was pretty much the same as everyone else in the wizarding world as she had not met him properly herself yet. She worried that Harry would only think of her as Ron's little sister, as she, like Rebecca and Julia, had developed a massive crush on him. He was the boy every witch she knew of her age dreamed about and this year, she was going to Hogwarts with him! How nerve wracking was that? Suddenly she heard her mother yelling and she knew they must have arrived. She had gone down earlier to eat breakfast so that she wouldn't have to be in Harry's presence for very long. Instead she had started packing her trunk for Hogwarts, all of her spell books, her cauldron, and her pots of ink were packed neatly already. They were all hand me downs from Bill, but she didn't mind. It was what was expected, being the youngest child in a big family. She just had to get a wand from Diagon Alley and a new quill. When she thought breakfast had finished, and had heard someone going upstairs, she hurried to asked her mum, "Mummy, have you seen my jumper?" And her mother replied, but she didn't hear her as she noticed Harry sitting closer to her than anyone else. He had turned at her question to see who had come in the room, greeted her with an almost nervous, "Hello," and she scarpered back up three flights of stairs at a time to get away from him without replying. When she reached her room, she closed her door and rested against it with a sigh of relief, in the comfort of her own room. If only she were prettier, like Rebecca or Julia, then she would have the confidence to speak to the boy who lived-who was in her house right now. Her heart beat sped up at the thought and she heard Harry and Ron talking as they walked up the stairs. She held her door ajar to see if she could get another peak at Harry as he was saying, "Ron, why is Ginny so afraid of me?" They were talking about her! Her heart sank as Harry turned, as if sensing her presence there, and she snapped the door shut. How on earth was she going to survive this summer? A few days later, after they had been to Diagon Alley, and Ginny had embarrassingly defended Harry from Draco Malfoy (which later, she grew to be entirely mortified by), Rebecca and Julia came over for a visit. She felt stupid enough as it was defending him, realising later that he was perfectly capable of defending himself against Malfoy without her help. The scene played over and over in her head. Malfoy's cold, grey eyes glaring at Harry, and then she had told Malfoy to, "Leave him alone." As soon as the words had left her lips, she felt humiliated. Malfoy only made it worse by sneering, "Oh look Potter, you've got yourself a girlfriend." She had come home and cried on her bed for all the embarrassment she now faced. Ginny was playing a game of Quidditch with her friends in the trees and was wholly regretting having told them about defending Harry. They would not shut up about it and their constant teasing was growing more and more humiliating! Ginny was on Bill's old Shooting Star and Julia and Rebecca had bought their own brooms and were flying much faster than her. Suddenly, Harry entered the clearing in the forest with Ron, who asked the girls, "May we join you guys?" Ginny couldn't help the blush spreading in her cheeks at the mere sight of Harry as Julia replied, "As long as Harry joins us?" She glared at Julia who did a one eighty degree flip in the air to show off and Ginny wanted to throw a bludger at her. Thankfully, she managed not to embarrass herself in front of Harry while on the broom and felt a sense of pride when she shot an apple past Rebecca's ear and into the imaginary goals which caused Harry to begin clapping and whooping. When they landed to go and get some lunch, Rebecca and Julia walked back with Harry, but Ginny stuck by Ron. As they stashed their broomsticks away in the shed, Harry joined them and commented, "You're really good Ginny!" She blushed furiously and mumbled, "Thanks," under her breath. He looked at her seriously and replied, "Really, you should try out for the team!" Ginny couldn't help but blush further and Ron laughed, making it worse as she asked, "Isn't the team full?" Harry shrugged, "They're still having try outs as far as I know. I reckon you should try out." Ginny nodded but didn't comment further as she rushed back inside to find her friends. She was quite proud of herself. She had just spoken more than a word to the famous Harry Potter. He had even complimented her Quidditch skills! For these two reasons alone, her heart was still soaring through the treetops in the field, as though she had left it there. That evening, Ginny wrote in her diary that she had mysteriously discovered in her cauldron after returning from Diagon Alley: Dear Diary Harry complimented me today. He said that I should try out for the Quidditch team, because I'm good enough! Ron, Fred and George laughed at him of course. They would never believe that I'm good at a sport, because I'm their little sister. But here's Harry, who can see me in a different light! He's such a refreshing change... As Ginny wrote, her words faded mysteriously into the paper and her eyes widened in disbelief! How on earth could her writing just... disappear like that?! She frowned as she continued to write: I think Harry actually noticed me for the first time today. I mean, I know he's seen me before, but that's not the same as noticing , or am I over-thinking this? She watched as this writing, too, faded and Ginny nearly fell off her chair from the shock when a response replied to her thoughts in a different handwriting to her own. The reply read: Dear...what is your name please? You are most definitely not over-thinking this situation. I agree, the boy has clearly noticed you. And, who is this Harry you speak of? Ginny stared at the text in front of her and she gasped as she quickly scribbled a response as the mysterious reply faded: Diary...my name is Ginny Weasley. What is your name, or do diaries not have names? Well I'm talking about Harry Potter of course . There was a heartbeat before another reply was aided to her: You can call me Tom, Miss Weasley. Tell me, is he staying with you? And your brothers are imbeciles to see you as a mere, incapable little sister. They should know that you are old enough to fly on a broom. A smile spread across Ginny's face. This diary seemed to know exactly how to make her feel better, more than any human could at any rate! How is it that she could relate better to a diary than people around her? She grinned at the part of her brothers being imbeciles, and she told the diary about Julia and Rebecca's merciless teasing of her defending Harry in the book shop. Her diary was quickly becoming her number one confidant. When Ginny arrived at Hogwarts for the first time, it was just as magical as all of the countless tales her brothers had told her over the years: the portraits on the wall talked to you, the stairs moved when you weren't watching, Peeves would tackle you from behind and scare you witless, Nearly Headless Neck would pull his head off on occasion, the ceiling reflected the night's sky perfectly and Dumbledore was indeed the best principal the school could have asked for. It was easier to get on with daily life as normal now that she could put more space between herself and Harry. However, she still found herself longing to cross paths with him on a regular basis. Somehow she could not completely banish the thought of him from her mind. She had just been having dinner in the Great Hall with Colin Creevey and was thinking about Harry as usual when she was walking back to the common room. By mistake she bumped into someone and sent all of their books flying. She apologized profusely until she looked up and realised it was Draco Malfoy, who watched her studiously as she picked up his books for him. Ron had pointed him out on the first day of her arrival as someone she didn't want to mess with, and now she was getting starting to understand why. He got too close for comfort. Ginny got up and he chuckled as she handed his books back to him, "That's exactly where you belong, Weasley, at my feet!" Ginny clenched her fists but prevented herself from retorting. It wouldn't do anyone any good. So she tried to walk on as if nothing had happened and then he bumped her shoulder and put a hand out to stop her from moving. Ginny glared at him and said coldly, "Out of my way Malfoy," she snarled. He laughed again and shook his head, "You don't understand do you Weaslette? I'm not letting you get away from this Scot free!" She frowned at him and replied irritably, "Honesly Malfoy, it was an accident! I didn't do anything on purpose!" He laughed darkly and replied, "Really? You expect me to believe that, coming from a girlfriend of Potter's?" She grimaced and shook her head, "I'm not Harry's girlfriend! So stop calling me that." She replied with as much indignation and dignity as she could muster. Draco grinned evilly and replied, as he lifted her chin up so that she was forced to look him in the eyes, "Oh, but you wish you were. The whole school knows it!" Just then her heart crumbled as she heard an all too familiar voice behind her, "Oi! Malfoy! Get away from her!" Harry. How humiliating. She closed her eyes and maneuvered her chin out of Malfoy's grasp. She felt like she wanted to fall into oblivion and never reappear again. Draco laughed at Harry and said, "Hey scar-head, butt out! I think she was rather enjoying it, weren't you sweet cheeks? At least it's some attention from a boy , since you don't give her any Potter!" he retorted, winked at her and flounced off towards the Great Hall. It was only then that Ginny realized that she had been holding her breath. She began to breathe properly and Harry looked at her awkwardly as he grabbed her arm to prevent her from running, "Ginny, are you ok? He didn't hurt you did he?" Ginny shook her head miserably and avoided Harry's green eyes. He sighed and asked quietly, "Ginny, why won't you ever look at me?" She