Don't forget to leave me review! ENJOY.. "Mom, I got the job! I'm going to be working in the city!" I exclaimed into the cell phone. I was on my way back to my home in a small rural town, navigating my little red car through the streets of an unfamiliar suburb outside the city. I'd been working on finding work in my field for quite sometime now, after I graduated college, and had finally found I a job that I'd knew that I would love. "Congratulations honey! I knew you could do it! I'm so proud of you," my mother gushed into the phone. She knew how much trouble it had been for me to find a job. Even though I enjoyed being a newlywed housewife, I desperately wanted to get out of the house. As my mother continued on, I thought about how I was finally going to get a chance to meet new people and party with them in all of those big clubs in the city. Besides the job opportunity, it was a chance for me to stretch my wings a little bit and give my husband and I some much needed alone time. I felt like we were spending every waking moment together and in the short time since we'd been married, we were quickly running out of things to say. All of a sudden, I saw red and blue lights flashing behind me, glaring brightly into my rear window and into the dark night. "Mom, I'm being pulled over. I have to go." I quickly closed the phone, and with it still in my right hand, I pulled off of the road into a dark and empty parking lot. Everything that I had always heard about being pulled over by the police told me that you are never supposed to do that, but fear always wins and I forgot all of those precautions. I shut off the engine, put on my flashing lights and rolled down the window. The officer took a few minutes to reach my car and my nervous hands were shaking, gripping tightly to the steering wheel and my cell phone. I heard the officer open his car door and walk towards mine, his steps crunching on the gravel. Every slow step had my heart beating harder and faster until I thought it was going to pound out of my chest. Suddenly, just as he was nearing my car, I realized that my phone was still in my hand and I moved quickly to throw it into my purse. I was afraid the officer would find out that I was driving and talking on the cell phone at the same time, which is illegal in my state. The officer saw this and withdrew his gun, thinking that I was reaching for one as well, shining his light directly in my eyes. "Ma'am, keep your hands where I can see them! Now! Both hands on the wheel." I obeyed his every word; my heart racing and I could feel myself starting to hyperventilate. 'He thinks I have a gun,' I thought. "Officer, I was just putting my cell phone into my purse. I swear! I.. I ..." I was just starting to ramble about how I'm afraid of guns and would never use one in my life, even if I had to, when he barked at me to be quiet. Blood was rushing through my head, my eyes were blinded, my palms were sweaty, and my knees were shaking so hard, I was sure he noticed. Slowly, I began to realize that the flashlight's beam was being taken off of my eyes. I looked down and noticed that he was aiming the light directly at the lacey edge of my black tank top that was stretched tightly across of my small but perky breasts. I wasn't sure if it was an accident or purposeful until he said, "Ma'am, I'm going to have to ask you to step out of the car slowly and place your hands on the roof of the car." Carefully, I unbuckled my seatbelt, opened the door as he took a small step backwards, and stepped out of the car, one foot at a time. Even though I was trying to be careful, I was sure he could see a flash of my pink panties from under my skirt, but I did not want to make any sudden movements to cover myself or he might get suspicious again. I did as he asked, after I slowly closed my driver's side door. I spread my hands on the roof and looked downward, letting a single tear of fright fall down my cheek. "Ma'am, I believe that you have a weapon and I am going to have to search you. Please spread your arms and legs far apart," he said and I heard him put his gun back into the holster, the flashlight's beam shining from behind me, casting shadows onto my car. "Do you have any weapons that you are hiding from me?" he asked, reaching down to feel my entire leg, ankle to thigh. "No... sir. I don't like guns. I'm afraid of them. I don't have anything on me," I said haltingly. Suddenly, I exclaimed, "Ooh!" His cold hands had reached the warmth of my inner thighs, but he didn't seem to notice my excitement. I, however, instantly felt another rush of heat from inside me. He reached down for the left ankle, his hands traveling up to my other thigh, except this time, as he was searching me, I felt his index finger brush along the inside seam of my panties. Quickly, he grazed the left side of my softness and immediately I became extremely turned on. The officer's large hands then reached around to the outside of my skirt, feeling my bottom and around my hips. He searched up to my armpits and, just what I was afraid of, started fondling my breasts. My breath quickened and I was sure he could smell my scent from under my skirt. But suddenly, with my intake of breath, I recognized another familiar smell. Something similar to sweat and cologne, a smell I'd know anywhere. Just as the officer began to feel my small, outstretched arms, I whispered, "Edward?" The officer's hands stopped cold and tightened on my shoulders. I knew I was right. I raised my head and looked for a street sign, anything to let me know where I was located. I wasn't sure but I think I was in a borough of the city where my husband's best friend lived. His best friend - who was a police officer in the city. I felt the officer's face move in closer to my ear, nuzzling in my hair, while his hips slowly pushed my body into the car. He lowered the flashlight and whispered, "Hey. It's me. And you've been very naughty." He flipped my small frame with one hand to face him, and in the soft street light, I knew it was Edward. I had known Edward for 5 years, from the time when he was my boyfriend's roommate; my fiancé's drinking buddy, and my husband's co-worker. I knew he worked in this neighborhood, but had forgotten while I was speeding through those quiet, dark streets. Apart from being my husband's best friend, Edward was also my confidante and drinking partner as well, and, for one brief night, my lover. I could see the outline of his jaw shift slightly and the glint in his eye brightens as he saw me finally recognize him. His hands were holding me under my chest now, holding tightly as my nervous trembling turned into an intense sexual tension that made me shudder slightly. Quickly, he grabbed hold of each of my elbows and turned me again, this time to my right. He slid his strong and manly fingers down my lower arms and clasped my wrists together with one hand, while he reached for his handcuffs at the back of his utility belt. His dark eyes flashed a mischievous look and his mouth became a devilish grin. I stared directly into his face, trying to read him, wondering if we were going to have another chance to finish what we started two years ago. As he began to silently fasten the cold, black and chrome handcuffs to my wrists, my mind instantly flew back to the last time we'd had sex. It was the last day of finals and Edward was due to graduate soon. I drove up from my small college town for the night to help my fiancé pack and move out of his dorm room. Edward and several of our other friends met us at a local bar to celebrate the end of final exams and, after several drinks; I started to flirt with him. We had joked for months about getting together, having a threesome, or switching partners with his own girlfriend and, that night, I wanted to make it something more. I began to whisper naughty things into his ear, secretly suggesting that he meet me in the bathroom for whatever may happen. Throughout the night and after several drinks, I would run to the bathroom, silently praying that he would walk into the unlocked single stall and make love to me up against the cold, tiled wall. And each time, after I would finish, I would be so upset when I realized that he hadn't come to meet me. Just as we were about to leave, I left the bathroom and saw Edward out of the corner of my eye, waiting for me in the shadows of the darkened dining room next to the bar. He motioned for me to come over and then held me close, tilting his head ever so slightly and said, "I talked to Jacob and asked him if I could kiss you. Do you want this?" I didn't even have to answer; I knew he could tell my response. I rose up on the balls of my feet to meet his lips and sank down slowly with the satisfaction that he had been catching my signals all night long and was interested too. After a few minutes, I broke away for fear that our friends would find us. But soon after, as we were finalizing our bar tabs, I realized that Edward was standing the in shadows of the dining room and motioning for me again. I stole towards him and he quickly pulled me deeper into the room, furiously kissing me and grabbing at my body. I tried to break away again and, to stop me, he asked, "Do you want me to come over tonight? I've been talking to him and I think he wants to." Excited at the dangerous possibility of our casual flirtations finally taking form, my eyes widened and I nodded, because my words were taken away. I reached up to kiss him again and after a few more torrid moments; I realized that our friends were looking for us and that it was time to go home. We piled into my old station wagon, and after a few exchanged words about who should sit in the passenger seat; Edward finally threw himself into the backseat directly behind me. I was glad that my fiancé decided to drive us home because he was definitely the most sober of us all. After a few moments of talking about the events of the evening, I realized that Edward's hand was reaching at me from behind, grabbing at my right breast. I was afraid that my fiancé would notice, but I realized that he was so caught up talking and continuing a conversation with Edward to even notice. As his hands felt my thin top and his mouth licked my ear, he talked as if nothing was going on, even though I was getting more and more turned on. My fiancé dropped Edward off at his