When Minerva McGonagall finds out that Harry Potter sleeps in a cupboard under the stairs when she sends the Hogwarts letters, she goes to investigate and finds an abused and severely deprived boy. Minerva places Harry in another household, this time a loving one. Rated for abuse and cursing. WARNING FOR ABUSE. Darkness The darkness overshadowed the awakening town of Little Whinging, Surrey. At Number Four, Privet Drive, all the residents were sound asleep except for one boy. This skinny, small, raven-haired boy, with a lightning-shaped scar on his forehead, by the name of Harry Potter was awakening, feeling restless, edgy and jittery if you will, for some reason he couldn't define. It wasn't because of the soft anguish he felt in his whole body when he moved, it wasn't the soreness of his muscles, not the bruises and wounds from yesterday's punishment and definitely not the hungry stomach he almost got used to. No, it was something else. It almost felt like as if something important was about to happen, something with a sense of foreboding, Harry thought. Harry moved his left hand under the small matrass and took his alarm clock, the one he salvaged from the damaged and broken contents box of his cousin Dudley's second bedroom. He'd secretly repaired the clock, finding it more than useful to have a clock because he didn't want to give his aunt Petunia and uncle Vernon any more reason to be mad at him, like being late for making breakfast. It was only six, so Harry would have another twenty minutes before he needed to get up and get dressed. He put the alarm clock on the one shelf in his cupboard, where he could see the large hand of the clock moving every minute. Harry scratched the wound on his right upper arm unconsciously, because the itch was unbearable when he was awake and wondered about how nice it would be if he was allowed to have dinner today. Even though he really wanted to, he never really wished until it was his birthday, he didn't want to use up all the wishing power throughout the year, so that he had none left for his birthday. Tomorrow was the 31st of July, tomorrow was his birthday. And he would wish the same thing he wished ever since he could remember. That someone would take him away to a place where they did like him, not love and maybe not even like, just a place where people tolerated him. Three-and-a-half hours later Minerva Every morning, when I entered my office, I walked over to my desk, sat down, cleaned my glasses with a cleansing spell, and looked at the IN mailbox and the OUT mailbox on both sides of my desk. The letters in the OUT mailbox weren't written by me most of the time, they were automated Hogwarts letters to the 11-year-old children. As Deputy Headmistress, one of my tasks was reading the addressing to the young witch or wizard and sometimes make a house call if that 11-year-old was a muggleborn. The point with the automated letters was quite simple to understand, one day before the child would turn 11, I would receive a letter with that child's name and address on it, and if everything seemed to be in order, I would call for my personal house elf Windy to send the letter away by owl. And that was just what I did this morning. I knew I had a lot to do today; answering all the mail I received from parents and students and having to do many more things after that, I quickly checked the OUT box. Only one envelope was lying in the OUT box in contrast to IN box, which always seemed to be too small. I ignored the fact that the sky was darker than other mornings and took the envelope out of the OUT box and glanced over the letter. Mr. H. Potter, The Cupboard under the Stairs, 4 Privet Drive, Little Whinging, SURREY I couldn't believe I hadn't thought of the date today or tomorrow and the importance it held. Tomorrow was Harry Potter's birthday! James' and Lily's son would turn eleven. Sighing, I looked more closely at the letter, and while my eyes move over the letters on the envelope I thought of delivering it myself, but I knew that Albus would insist on trying it the 'normal way' first. My eyes rested on Surrey and I was about to call my Windy to send the letter when my brain caught up with what I'd read. I moved my eyes back to the second line, where the sleeping place of the child was written. The Cupboard under the Stairs, My eyes widened in disbelief. This was one of the reasons why someone needed to check the letters before they were sent off. To check the address for any abnormalities and a cupboard under the stairs was definitely an abnormality. And unwillingly, I thought back to a certain conversation between Albus and myself. On the doorstep of Harry's family, where I had begged Albus not to send the little Potter to. Flashback "You don't mean- you can't mean the people who live here? Dumbledore, you can't. You couldn't find two people who are less like us," I pleaded. End flashback Dumbledore's reasoning had been fair, of course Harry needed to be protected from the papers and You-Know-Who's followers, but to send him away to that awful family… It had never felt right to me but I didn't go against Dumbledore and his judgement of the situation. But this time I would. This time I definitely would. Pertinent, I stood up and walked out of my office, on my way to Dumbledore's office to ask permission to go to Surrey. With the envelope in my hand and already halfway to the Headmasters office, I changed my mind. In normal cases I wouldn't have to ask Dumbledore's permission to visit one of these 'alleged abuse' cases and I decided I didn't want to ask for his permission now either. I decided to stop by Severus' office in the dungeons. He would have to join me. When I entered the dungeons, I saw Severus standing with his back to me, at a table with four cauldrons, three of them empty and one that was filled with an orange liquid. "To what do I owe the pleasure this morning?" Severus drawled, with his back still to me. "I have Mr. Potter's Hogwarts letter," I said, not knowing how to begin exactly. Severus sighed deeply and turned away from his cauldron to send me a look of disbelief. "What would you like me to do to it? Applaud it?" Severus asked sarcastically. Inside of me the irritation rose almost instantly and I pressed the letter in front of his hooked nose. "What is so special about that snotty little boy's letter…-" "Don't you think that is an odd place to sleep in? A cupboard under the stairs?" I asked, ignoring his comment. Severus' face was unreadable. He was obviously thinking but there was no way to tell what he was thinking. "You should check it then," Severus hissed and turned back to his cauldron, where and opaque orange liquid was boiling now. "But Albus will hold me off, tell me not to go there," I said, my voice crystal clear. "Then don't stop by Albus," Severus bit out. "You know I need to have someone with me, if there is a chance it is an abuse case," I said, hating the way my voice trembled. "Ask someone else," Severus bit out again. "Severus, please," it was an unspoken agreement that we didn't talk about Severus' abusive past. But he was the expert on abuse cases and every time an alleged abuse case arose with one of our students, Severus would join me and look for any of the signs. He had a trained eye for it. "I'll meet you in your office in half an hour. Tell Mrs. Figg that we're coming through her floo." "Thank you Severus," I said and I meant it. Harry The darkness had faded away and with that, the jittery feeling I had waking up this morning. The Dursleys had eaten their breakfast together, which was odd, because on a normal day uncle Vernon wouldn't have time to eat with aunt Petunia and Dudley. But today he had a meeting at 10:30 and decided to go in later than usual, because he worked so long last week. While I was doing the dishes, I looked at the clock which almost stroke 10 when the doorbell rang. "Go see who it is Petunia, I'm almost late for work!" uncle Vernon shouted to aunt Petunia. Uncle Vernon looked at me, moved his finger to the couch in the living room and continued to tie his tie. I followed uncle Vernon's clue and quickly hid behind the couch in the farthest corner of the living room, not wanting to risk the guests seeing me and getting another beating from uncle Vernon tonight. I shivered silently at the thought. "Hello Mrs. Dursley, would you mind if we came in?" a female voice sounded friendly. "What are you freaks doing here?!" aunt Petunia shrieked and uncle Vernon hurried to the front door with his moustache trembling above his lip. Dudley was upstairs, probably playing a video game behind his new game computer, but I guess even he'd heard aunt Petunia shriek. "Hello to you too Tuney," a smooth male voice drawled. I was curious to see who the people were but I didn't dare to move away from my hiding place. "Don't point that thing at me!" aunt Petunia said indignant. Then I heard footsteps and I saw uncle Vernon walking backwards into the living room with his hands up, followed by aunt Petunia, who had her hands raised a little as well. They were followed by a black-haired man, completely dressed in black who pointed a black wooden stick towards the both of them. "Severus, I really don't think this is necessary," the woman's voice said stern. The man pointed his stick to the couches where I was hiding behind and then I saw his eyes resting on me. I quickly hid behind the couch but I knew he had seen me. I still hadn't seen the woman but I didn't dare to start looking now. "Why don't you sit down on the couch and we will have a talk," the man said in a tone as if he found this all very funny. I heard one big plump and one small plump but didn't feel the couch I was leaning against move, so I guessed that they'd sat down on the couch next to this one. I moved more backwards against the peach-coloured wall. "What are you doing here freaks?" aunt Petunia shrieked again. "We came here to ask you something about Harry Potter," the woman's voice said. My eyes widened. They couldn't be here for me, they couldn't. And if they didn't stop pissing off aunt Petunia and uncle Vernon I would get the worst beating of a lifetime tonight. "You see, I was about to send his Hogwarts letter, when I noticed something concerning. We seem to believe that he sleeps in a cupboard under the stairs," the woman's voice sounded angry for some reason and I pressed myself fully against the wall, taking care that I didn't touch the curtains on the other side of me. "And what is so wrong about that?" uncle Vernon hissed angrily. "Dudley, go back upstairs now!" aunt Petunia shrieked. I quickly heard hard plumps going up the stairs again and a door slamming shut. "It seems that your son is obese? Didn't you know that that is child abuse? As well as locking children in a cupboard?" the woman's voice sneered now. "Take that back! Our son isn't obese! He gets everything he deserves!"