The Price of Love Hey everyone! I hope all you Aussies out there had a wonderful Australia Day! Anyway, this is the one shot I promised to do. If you have read Carlisle's Secret: The Lost Cullen you will know what I'm talking about. I hope you all enjoy it! Sirius collapsed to the ground. He could hear the silence around him shatter with a mixture of cheers of delight and horrified, heartbroken screams. He could see out the corner of his eye as people from the Order and the Hogwarts students fell to their knees as they sobbed in grief while the Death Eater's shouted in joy. Yet, he did not move. He could not take his eyes off the veil. He was vaguely aware of Remus dropping down next to him. He could feel his friends trembling hand on his shoulder and he could hear him attempting to talk to him. However, everything was white noise. All Sirius could hear was a faint buzzing in his ears and the echo of his godson's final moments. He was numb. In the back of his mind he knew he really needed to move; grab Harry's friends and leave this place before the Aurors show up or worse yet, Voldemort himself. And yet he couldn't bring himself to care. His pup was gone. The last remaining memory of Lily and James, his only godchild, the closet person he would ever have to a son and his only reason for staying alive all these years. Gone, just like that. It had been so quick and yet to him it had appeared to take years. He knew he would never be able to erase the memory. It was worse then losing Harry's parents had ever been. He had seen the aftermath, seen his friends bodies. However, he found Harry that night, alive and well. This time though, there was no consolation. He had not arrived after the fight and could not trick himself into believing there was nothing he could have done. He saw Harry die, right before his own eyes, and did nothing. Sirius fought back a whimper as the memory started again. … The Order of the Phoenix burst through the door into the Death Chamber. Sirius shoved his way to the front, desperate to catch sight of his wayward godson. He had really hoped Harry would have a better grasp on occlumency by now but it would seem that had not been the case. He wasn't surprised though. What the hell was Dumbledore thinking? Telling Snape to teach his pup was the most foolish idea the old coot had ever had! Snivellus probably spent more time tormenting Harry then teaching him anything! Sirius and Remus had been upstairs at Grimmuald Place, clearing out some final dark objects from the house, when Harry must have fire-called. Snape called an emergency meeting of the Order only half an hour later telling them what happened. When it became clear that Harry had been tricked they left for the Ministry immediately. Now here they were. Sirius scanned the room, finally spotting his godson, and everyone else for that matter, standing on the dais by the creepy looking veil. The Death Eater's had one of the children each, keeping them still with a wand to their throats. Harry stood just a few paces in front of the veil, holding the prophecy in hand while Lucius Malfoy stood in front of him, wand tamed on the young wizard. Sirius growled, sounding very much like his animagus, preparing to run down the steps into the chamber and get the blond-haired bastard away from his pup. However, Moody stuck out his arm to block his path even before he took one step. "Not yet Black. You run down there now without a plan and the Death Eaters will kill those kids before we even get so much as one spell in." Sirius wanted to argue but reluctantly grumbled his agreement. Moody turned and faced the group while his magical eye rolled back into his head, no doubt keeping an eye on things at the bottom of the chamber. "Alright, here's the plan. Tonks, Lupin, Shacklebolt and I are going to grab the kids. You, Black, will grab Potter once the Death Eaters are distracted. Stealth is of upmost importance here so try to be quite all of you." Moody grumbled, human eye resting on a sheepish looking Tonks. "Sneak up behind the Death Eaters and wait for the signal. If they notice you too soon they will harm the teens so make sure they don't see ya until it's too late. Alright? Black; wait until you see everyone in position before you make your move. It will be difficult to get to Malfoy without being spotted but he will be reluctant to fire at Potter as long as he has the prophecy. Get to him and you should have little trouble taking out Malfoy. Okay, all of you move out." Sirius reluctantly stayed where he was as the rest of the team slunk down the stone steps. He swiftly looked between the Order members and the group of people on the dais. Not much was happening up there yet. Malfoy must be giving one of those typical bad-guy speeches Sirius thought with a smirk. As long as Malfoy kept talking they had a very good chance of getting everyone out of here safely. He watched as the members of the Order briskly and strategically made their way around the dais, stoping behind the oblivious Death Eaters. Malfoy was too occupied with his conversation with Harry to notice what was going on, much to Sirius' relief. Sirius was just starting to get restless when he noticed movement on the dais. Harry was slowly moving towards Malfoy, holding a small glass sphere out towards the platinum blonde Death Eater. Sirius may have never been to the Department of Mysterious in his life and had never seen one of those glass balls before but he new without a doubt what it was. The prophecy! Quickly locating Moody, he silently urged the aged ex-Aurua to give him the signal. It was more for the sake of preventing less issues then actually wanting permission. He was going to run down there and get Harry right now regardless of Moody granting him the go ahead or not. Luck was on his side when Mad-Eye met his gaze and gestured for him to move in. Sirius wasted no time in dashing down the steps, missing every second step in his haste to stop the Malfoy patriarch obtaining the item that could put Harry in greater danger then he had ever been in before. Voldemort could not get his hands on that prophecy or there was not telling what he would do. Sirius leapt up onto the dais in one go and stopped behind Malfoy before any of the Death Eaters could react. He saw his godson's surprised expression and new the blonde-haired Death Eater would turn any second now. Time to get some well-earned payback. He glared as Lucius Malfoy turned and met his gaze, two pairs of stormy grey eyes meeting with such strong looks of contempt mixed with surprise on Malfoy's part. Sirius internally growled at the sight of the prophecy clenched in the bastard's hand. He clenched his fist and snapped, "Get away from my godson" before slamming said fist into Malfoy senior's face. With that light filled the chamber. The Death Eaters, taken by surprise at the Order's attack, where immediately at a disadvantage. The children were quickly helped down off the dais and moved over to the sides. Sirius didn't have much time to see what was happening or who was fighting who though. He saw the prophecy fly from Malfoy's hand. The blonde wizard lunged for it in a hopeless bid to stop it reaching the ground. However, the prophecy was too far away and Malfoy watched it smash into pieces in front him. Sirius didn't care if it was gone. Dumbledore knew the prophecy, he knew the prophecy and that was all that mattered. It was better the stupid thing broke then find its way into the enemy's hands. Just then a Death Eater ran past and shot a curse at Harry. Sirius blocked it and dragged his godson behind a large rock. Crouching down in front of him, he placed a hand on Harry's knee and looked into those green eyes that were so much like his mother's. "Now listen to me, I want you to take the others and get out of here", he murmured imploringly. The sounds of the battle were in full swing now. Rocks smashed apart from stray curses that missed their mark and screams and shouts of battling wizards filled the room, echoing off the walls adding to the deafening sounds. Harry blinked in surprise at him, emerald eyes meeting his with both surprise and defiance. So much like his parents, Sirius added silently. "What? No, I'm staying with you." Sirius almost smiled at that, recalling a time so many years ago when James had said the exact same words to him after Sirius pulled that awful prank on Snape at the Whomping Willow. Sirius had been waiting there for Remus to wake up after the full moon. Sirius told James to go, not wanting Remus to believe James had anything to do with Snape's near-murder. However, Prongs had turned to him with the same look of defiance his son now wore and told him that he wasn't going anywhere. Sirius was momentarily blind-sided by the hit of déjà vu. It was in that moment more then any before that he noticed just how much alike and yet how different Harry was to his father. They both were loyal almost to a fault and always determined to stand by those they cared about, despite the risks. They were the most stubborn people he had ever known, after Lily of course, and were never easily swayed. Friendship and family were top priority and nothing came before that, not even themselves. Despite his lack of pranks and his more modest attitude, quite unlike James' arrogant one at Harry's age, he was just like his father. There was Lily in their too though; in his compassion for others and fiery temper. He also had an ambition to prove he was more then what people thought he was and a determination to do what was right. Sirius forced back the pain of remembering his old friends and focused on his godson. He would not let Lily and James down. He would not fail as a godfather again. He needed to get Harry out of here. "You've done beautifully, now let me take it from here." No sooner had the words escaped his mouth, a curse smashed into the stone above their heads. Sirius spun around to see Malfoy standing just a few paces away. He lunged to his feet, Harry following only a second after. They faced Lucius Malfoy just as another Death Eater appeared. Lucius fired off a spell, nearly hitting Harry. Sirius blocked it and then everything descended into chaos. They shot spells back and forth. Sirius could barely keep track of Harry's movements as he concentrated on dodging spells and attacking their opponents. However, he could still feel his godson's presence next to him and was both proud and relieved that Harry was still standing. As he fought he was aware of things calming down slightly around them as people finished off their own fights. He had no idea if that meant they had won or if anyone was dead though and decided to finish off these two before he worried about anything else. An expulso curse was suddenly sent his way with no time for Sirius to doge it. However, at the last second Harry cast a shield charm, blocking the curse from striking Sirius. He shot his godson a quick smile