So, I see you've come to this story, well, I rewrote this story, and if this is the first time you've clicked the link, you are welcome, I'm glad you won't have to read the crap that was here before this update. Words now: 6374 Words before: 1985 You can just imagine how bad it was before. Now, in this, we are all going to pretend that Ron was right next to Sirius when Bellatrix sent the curse at him, so Ron pushed him out of the way. I don't own! ENJOY! Ron fell, he wasn't sure how far he fell, but when he landed his back hit the ground at exactly the wrong angle; rocks, stones, and dirt dug into him; he could already feel the blood starting to pool out of the wounds made by the sharper pieces. He couldn't breathe; the spell had hit him full on which had stopped his ability to breathe for a short period; his lungs burnt from the lack of air. It took him longer than it should have to get to his feet, his hands gripping a bench, which he found to be next to him, with deathly force, his knuckles white. He was surprised when a throat cleared behind him, startling enough for him to lose his grip and fall bum first into the bench. A man, tall, pale skin, dark hair and gleaming black eyes looked down at him with an eyebrow raised. "Getting pissed so early on a Monday evening?" the man asked playfully, his lip twitching. Ron could feel his eye twitch, his lungs still unable to gasp in air correctly, making it too hard to retort. "Got in a spot of trouble I see, something you couldn't handle, Hm," the man shifted his umbrella from one arm to the other, his eyes shining in mirth. "You, could say, that," Ron answered, his breath coming to him easier every second. The man smirked truly, not trying to hide it now that he knew that Ron wasn't going to retaliate negatively. "Where is it you we're headed before your little, mishap?" the man all but croons. "I," Ron paused, he couldn't just tell this muggle anything, everything that happened before this point was done within the Ministry of Magic, a place no one in the muggle world should know about, plus, there was something about the buildings surrounding them and the way the man dresses that was striking Ron as odd somehow. "I, don't really remember," he answered instead. He needed to know what was going on; one does not go from the middle of a fight to the middle of a park in a small town that looked nothing like any park he'd seen near London himself. "Have you hit your head than, have a spot of memory loss?" the man leaned closer to Ron but didn't enter his personal space. "I guess so, last thing I remember was," Ron tried to think of a suitable wound or scenario that would sound plausible to this man, "walking somewhere with a bag." Ron looked around, acting as if to find his bag. It was obviously not there, but he was able to muster enough woe about it being missing to fool this man into believing his story. He hoped. "Attacked by a thief I see, took all your worldly possessions was it?" The man rolled his eyes before switching his umbrella again, this time holding it in the grip of his right hand. "I can't remember what was in the bag, I can't remember where I was going or where I was before," Ron frowned, scrunching his face up to show signs of deep concentration. "This is usually the point where they ask me if they could borrow money or stay a few day in my home," the man told him, his eyes going back to sparkling, more like a man watching a good play than a man who believed the lie Ron told him. "Of course not, I'm only asking you to point me to London, so I can find my way back, hopefully I'll find out what I forgot," Ron really didn't want to go anywhere with this man, he needed to get back to London, he needed to find Harry and Hermione, needed to make sure they were okay and no one else got hurt in the battle. The man looked surprised, like he expected Ron to ask for something of more… monetary value. "I, not this late in the evening, the next train would not leave until morning. Our small town is not known for its late runs," the man announce, shaking himself from his surprise and giving Ron a genuinely charming smile. "I would suggest getting a room at the inn, but, by the look of things, you don't seem to have a lot of money. I insist you stay with me and my family, we have plenty of room in the house," the man said in the most charming voice Ron had ever heard, one that he would associate with Malfoy if he had heard it at school, before offering a hand to Ron. "I couldn't impose on you, I'll just stay out here until morning, catch the train first thing," Ron told him, looking for a possibly comfortable looking grassy area. The man looked aghast; his features twisting about before he could contain himself. "I insisted, it would be rude to dismiss the offer of a gentleman such as myself," the man offered his hand, fully intending for Ron to accept. But Ron couldn't, he had to get back to the ministry, needed to get back to his friends. Ron averted his gaze, trying to think of an excuse, that's when he noticed the paper sitting on the bench next to him. It looked a few days old and weather worn, but it wasn't the condition of the paper that gained his attention, it was the date, more specifically, the year, 1923. "I, shouldn't accept," Ron started, his mind still processing what he just read, his blood turning to ice as he thought of just exactly the consequences of what he was reading, his gaze coming back up to meet the stranger's. "But it would be suicide to stay out in the cold all night long in your condition," the man finished for him, still holding out his hand. Ron sighed, it would; he was in no condition to stay out all night without decent clothes or even a blanket. Ron sighed heavily before getting to his feet, his legs threatening to give up on him, making him wobble a bit before being caught by the charming man. "I guess I have no choice. I just hope I haven't made the wrong one," Ron spoke softly, his lips in a tight line, his fingers gripping the offered arm. He just hopes that everything would work out. "By the way, what is your name stranger?" the man asked, already leading him back to wherever he lived. "Ron, that's, all I can remember, sorry," Ron smiled tightly again, not looking at the man. "Well, Ron, my name is Tom, and I am glad to be of service," Tom assured him. Ron didn't really want to know why this random guy decided to help him, especially when it would probably be a lot safer for him to have left Ron alone. "Then I guess thanks are in order," Ron said, looking up to meet the man's eyes. It was at that moment Ron knew he was screwed; he couldn't look away from the obsidian orbs, the sparkle of mischief; the glint of danger. He had, at the very least, a severe crush on this man, this man who was currently, very literally, saving his life. "And I would like to think that you'd help me with a little something once you are back to full health," Tom replied, an easy grin taking over his face, that glint of danger multiplying. "Yeah," was all Ron could say before he was lost, no more words could escape the black abyss that was unconsciousness. Turned out those wounds were a bit worse than either of the boys thought. At fifteen years of age, living with two men who treated her like the worst muggle trash, Merope Gaunt was tired, she wanted nothing more than to leave her life behind and move on with the current infatuation, Thomas Riddle. The man, while years ahead of her in age, was the most gorgeous man she had ever seen, his wavy black hair always perfectly styled and his eyes shining with a cunning she knew would make her ancestors proud. Of course, the man is a muggle, which would not make her ancestors proud, at least, according to her father. Thomas was immediately dismissed as a candidate for her hand thanks to his blood status. It didn't matter that he was older, or that he had a dame already, one who would hang herself off Thomas like a cheap tomato. She had been tending to her latest set of wounds when she heard her Thomas talking lowly to himself, his breathing sounding labored to an extent. Merope looked up, her eyes going to the slots between her fence posts, trying to see the man, but it was getting too dark to see anything. She stood, careful of her wounds, and made her way to the fence, her eye peaking through the slats. Thomas was dragging a body. Merope gasped, her mind going straight to the worst possible things, images she never wanted to think her Thomas could accomplish. But then the body moved, an almost silent voice mumbling unintelligible things, his head moving a bit. Merope let out a breath she hadn't realize she had held. "So heavy, couldn't pass out until we got back could you?" Thomas grumbled. Merope lifted herself to try and look over the fence, Thomas was looking down at the boy, his front facing her; she could see the strain on his face as he tried to lift the boy up the stairs without dropping him. The boy looked hurt, a pained frown on his face as he was dragged. Merope couldn't help but think negatively about the boy, his appearance dirty and his manner rude, really, who would just fall asleep knowing that he'd have to be dragged back? She couldn't stop the glare as the boys finally made it inside, Thomas closing the large doors behind them. She'd have to teach the boy a lesson, and what better way than to confront him in his own room, where he would least expect her? Sneaking into the boy's window was easier than she would have imagined, the boy being dead to the world and no one else hearing as she lifted herself in. Moving quietly over to the boy, she could only feel the resentment that he was carried by her Thomas while she knew she couldn't be until she sorted through everything, until she made him truly hers. The boy's eyes opened suddenly when she got to him, his body sitting up so fast it startled her back, his lips parting to allow him to bring in deep, uneven breaths. "Who are you?" the boy gasped out as he held his heart, his eyes on her even as he folded in half, trying to calm himself. Merope eyed him a second before answering, taking a step forward before taking a step back, unsure what she would do now that he was awake. "I'm, Merope, Merope Gaunt," she didn't know what to do, her eyes going to the window she entered, than back to the boy, the boy who looked even paler than normal, his eyes wide and his lips parted once again, only this time in disbelief. "What is going on in here?" Thomas was there suddenly, his hand gripping the door in a vice, his body language angry and slightly confused. "Tom