AN: Hey guy's I am back and really sorry for the long delay between updates. I had originally taken the month of February off to rest and get my mind on straight as well as the fact that my birthday was at the end of February but when I went back to writing just couldn't get myself to write anything. So please accept my humble apologies on that. In good News by the time this prologue is out I will have most likely have finished school meaning I graduated! This also translates as more time to write and type which I am hoping will mean quicker updates from now on. This new story will be the first in a small series of updates and I hope that everyone immensely enjoys this story. It will be incredibly AU by the way so please bare with me here. So without further ado FlareDragon117 and I would like to gladly welcome everyone to our collaboration story, Greek Mythos: The Game. First as a warning I want everyone to know that I, Flare, and some others will make cameo appearances at times during the story. Now then this story is a Percy jackson the gamer crossover to an extent at least and like I said it will be very OC, it also takes place in an AU. I would also recommend people to go check out the Lemon games and Percy jackson the Game as that is where a lot of ideas will be coming from. Ok I am done rambling now and without further ado let's get to the story! XXXXX DIsclaimer: Neither I nor FlareDragon own the gamer or Percy Jackson XXXXX Prologue: Game Over XXXXX GAME OVER! Percy screamed in fright, causing him to fall backwards onto his butt, as the large sign suddenly appeared in the dark abyss. Trying to get his heart rate under control Percy had no idea what was going on nor did he have any idea where he was. The last thing he remembered was…. And then it all came back to him. He had been fighting alongside his fellow campers at the Williamsburg bridge when in a surprise appearance Kronos had shown up challenging him to one on one combat and stating that if he refused he would kill his mother, Paul, and every Hunter and Camper personally. Seeing as he had no other choice he accepted the challenge and their fight began. To his and everyone else's surprise including Kronos, the two of them had been evenly matched. Matching each other blow for blow they continued to rain Celestial bronze and adamantium against each other. He had even began to gain the upper hand when Kronos did the unthinkable. He moved his scythe out of the way of Percy's next attack. Riptide had struck true and left a large diagonal cut from stomach to shoulder that spewed forth golden Ichor in a brilliant rainbow like display and allowing for Percy's momentum to move himself past Kronos which is exactly what he had wanted. With supernatural reflexes that could only come from Millenia's worth of experience kronos swung around turning himself to completely face towards Percy's back and swung his scythe. Events after that became blurry but he had a general idea of what happened next. Everything had gone deathly silent, even typhon and the gods had stopped their epic clash to watch what was unveiling itself. And Percy knew exactly why that was. Because sticking out of his stomach was the tip of Kronos scythe that had run him straight through from his back, directly opposite his naval, to the center of his stomach. Exactly where his achilles spot had been located. The two of them had stood in that position for a few moments longer before with a resounding squelch Kronos pulled his scythe back out from Percy's back causing him to fall forward as he began to gasp for breath and all chaos broke loose around them. Even as the chaos got worse and his own vision began to dim Percy still had the strength to take one last look up at Kronos cold Golden eyes which were also staring back at him. "...Goodbye Percy Jackson." Kronos spoke after a moment of silence had passed between the two before turning around and walking away, back towards the remaining hunters and campers. After hearing those words and with no remaining strength he had slumped to the ground defeated…. dead. I'm...dead?" Percy whispered as the realisation finally registered in his mind. "Indeed you are young Perseus," A voice called out causing Percy to snap his direction towards where he thought he heard the voice coming from but instead saw nothing there except more darkness; "however, I and a few of my friends would like to change that fact and so have an offer for you that you just can't refuse." The voice finished peaking Percy's curiousity but also raising red flags in his mind. Percy narrowed his eyes. They wanted to make him an offer? And according to the voice one that he just couldn't refuse. He debated the choice in his head about whether to listen to the voice or not and decided he really had nothing to lose since he was already dead. "What's this offer? And how do you know that I won't refuse to accept it?" He questioned the voice. The voice began to laugh and Percy got the distinct feeling that it was smirking at him also but before he could think more about it the voice began to speak. "It's really simple, the reason we know that you won't turn it down is because we are offering you the chance to relive your life from the time you were born all the way until you die again. All so that you can defeat Kronos this time around and live the life that you deserve." It told the demigod. Percy froze. The chance to completely redo his life from beginning to end? A chance to correct all of his mistakes? A world where...he would have his sister back? The voice was right, this was to much for him to pass up, but if dealing with the Greek gods had taught him anything it was that you had to make sure that they meant exactly what they were implying. "How do I know that you can do that? You're just a voice as far as I can tell, how do I know that you have the power to do what you said?" Percy demanded of the voice. "Ahh an intelligent question," The voice began and this time Percy was sure that the voice was smirking at him, "that's just it isn't it, you don't know if my friends and I have the power to send you back; however, to reassure you that we do indeed have the power to do so I swear to you here and now that we have plenty of power to do so. Afterall we did take over this universe simply so we could help you." Percy's eyes widened into the size of dinner plates. This voice and his friends had taken over an entire universe just to help him? How powerful were they to be able to do that! A few seconds after that thought occurred to him something the voice had said registered in his mind. He had said this universe, as in more than one. Did that mean that there were others universes with him in it? And if so why did they choose this one amongst all of them that they could have chosen from? Deciding that he wanted to know he voiced just that question. "I see that you are not as dull as Athena would like to believe. Yes I did say this universe, and yes there are more than one. In fact there are billions of them all slightly different from the last. And the reason that we chose this one is rather simple. An anomaly occurred in this universe that shouldn't have which in turn immediately drew our attention. The day you lost your sister was that anomaly, she shouldn't have died, she should have been standing there with you side by side as you fought Kronos which would have led to his defeat. However, Gabe did the unthinkable and refused to take her to the hospital for something that was obviously very severe and life threatening. That is why we chose this universe, because we want to see you trump everything and live the life you deserve along with your sister. Now then do we have a deal Mr. Jackson? Would you like to relive your life?" Percy didn't even hesitate to answer the voice once the question was asked of him. "Yes I would, I want to fix everything that I did wrong and I...I want my sister back." Suddenly a bright light flashed throughout the area and when it was done there before Percy was a tall man. He stood at an impressive 70 inches with a decent triathlon styled build. He had tanned skin and sharp angular facial features making him look fairly handsome which was only accented by his chin length straight but jagged white hair. The man also wore a long ankle length coat with gold trim and fastenings (Organization 13 cloak but where it is normally silver is gold instead). He also radiated an aura of sheer power the likes of which not even all twelve Olympians plus Lady Hestia and Lord Hades could match. Percy knew right then that this person easily had the power he had described earlier based off of his aura alone. The man smiled at Percy and stuck out his hand in the universal symbol for a handshake. "Good choice young Perseus, now then take my hand and the deal will be struck. Afterwards I have some information to give you before we send you back. Oh, and by the way my name...it's Exodus" Without hesitating He took Exodus' hand and firmly shook it causing a large ripple of power to be sent outwards from the clasped appendages signifying that the deal had been struck. "Now," Exodus began as he let go of Percy's hand, "While we will be sending you back to relive your life we decided to take some liberties with this world. The biggest and most obvious change will be that we have turned this universe...into a game!" Exodus exclaimed with a smile on his face causing Percy to face plant at the sudden and obscure exclamation. Once Percy had returned to his feet he turned to look Exodus in the eye and questioned the man. "What do you mean that you have turned this universe into a game? How would that even work?" "Pretty explanatory in my opinion but ok let me explain. We have decided to turn this world into a game, more specifically an RPG. this means that you will gain experience for killing monsters and completing quests, level up once you have earned enough experience and earn amazing skills that you would never normally be able to perform. With me so far?" Percy looked kinda unsure and quickly expressed that sentiment, "I believe so, but what do you mean by skills that I normally wouldn't be able to perform?" Exodus sighed before once more launching into his explanation, "Have you seen the Anime Sword Art Online by chance Percy?" "I've seen like the first 5 episodes of it. Why?" "Because we have modeled the skills in your universe after the sword skills from SAO. Meaning you will be able to learn and create skills by using weapons and just in general doing something that may be able to create a skill. An example would be if you tried to sneak around a guard and were successful you would create the sneak skill. Understand now?" Nodding his head Percy quickly answered the man, " Yea I understand now." "Good, glad