Dedication: This story is written as a token of gratitude and thanks to two good friends who unexpectedly helped me out in ways I had never imagined possible. They understood my predicament and took action like friends never have done towards me before and I am very, very grateful for their gesture and friendship! Marigold: Had it not been for you I would never have written fanfiction in the first place and I am very grateful for the guidance, encouragement and confidence you have shown in me and my droodling these past few years. You're a lovely person and I'm glad I have got to know you. Llinos: Your stories are among my most treasured reading and your hospitability and generosity has many times now made it possible for me to visit the Shire and get to know hobbits (especially our beloved Merry, included the Magnificent KnittedMerry) and Tolkien, the real Shire and you better! My most sincere thanks and hugs to the both of you once again. You'll get the real hugs very soon :D Enjoy! Title: Confusion Author: Anso the Hobbit Characters: Frodo, Sam, Pippin and Merry Timeline: Bag End, SR 1416 so Frodo is 48, Sam 36, Pippin 26 and Merry 34 Summary: A walking trip, unexpected rain, gathering of food and a confused cousin. Author's notes: Not betaed. Disclaimer: Sadly not mine. They just own me. ------------------------------------------------- "Mer?" The tight and raspy voice that Merry reluctantly enter the world of consciousness whispered. His first sensation upon waking was a hand in his and the feeling of being cold to the very core of his bones. He shivered violently and huddled down between his blankets trying to will his body to warm up and curling up into a tight ball. Why was he so very cold? "Merry? Meriadoc, are you with me?" the raspy voice insisted. Apparently he was not going to get the sleep he so much needed, at least not until he had managed to communicate with this persistent person. Why wouldn't he understand that Merry just wanted to rest for a bit? The voice sounded familiar to him. Almost like Pippin, but with a shock that took his very breath away Merry remembered that Pippin was dead. It couldn't be him! This had to be a dream, a wish to hear and feel his cousin's presence. Tears welled up in Merry's eyes at the thought of his dearest cousin and friend and he choked. His foggy mind wanted to wake up properly to see if he actually was dreaming but he couldn't gather the energy to open his eyes to connect a face to the voice calling his name and the touch of the hand holding his. Where was he? What had happened? Thinking was becoming increasingly difficult and Merry slipped away into an exhausted sleep. When he woke next Merry immediately felt the hand that still held his squeeze. He tried to turn his head to find out who was at his side but the very thought of moving exhausted him. His throat felt tight and sore and his head hurt so bad he could feel the thump beating along with his heart. He tried to cough to clear his throat so he could speak but the only sound he managed to make was a moan. In response to his lack of ability to communicate Merry whimpered and shifted restlessly around. Trying to gather his wits about him Merry decided to take stock of what he actually did know. He could feel that he was lying in a soft and comfortable bed, but his confused mind could not piece together how he had ended up there and where the bed was. He only hoped it was somewhere familiar. Merry opted for using his nose to find out where he was but the clogged up appendage was not of much help and he abandoned the thought of smelling his way into knowledge. Gathering courage Merry very considered trying to open his eyes but the light seeping through his lids told him it was much to bright to attempt such actions yet and he closed his eyes tightly, reflexively turning his head away. The hand squeezed his encouragingly, and Merry squeezed back as best as he could, trying to communicate what he was attempting. "That's it Merry. Just take it slow and easy." The voice said hoarsely. Merry grunted in frustration. It sounded so much like Pippin but it couldn't be. His cousin had died, Merry had seen it himself. Or hadn't he? Suddenly the outrageous thought struck the befuddled hobbit and Merry reached out in his mind for knowledge but every time he thought he had found what he was looking for it slipped away. Pippin? Merry whimpered again, wondering if perhaps his cousin had come back to haunt him? There was a sound of the rustle of cloth and shuffling before Merry heard someone draw something he supposed was curtains shut. A new sensation entered his world of pain and disorientation. This new hand touched his cheek gently with the back of it's palm and fingers before it went away for a split second to return to brush calmingly over his forehead and through his curls, gently releasing the knots and massaging his scalp in the process. "Welcome back," the voice belonging to the hand on his head said. Frodo! Merry immediately knew the touch and voice and leaned into the cool hand on his face trying to answer but his mouth was too dry and his throat too tight. Why did he recognise Frodo and not the person holding his hand? Did he wish this person to be Pippin so much that he couldn't think it to be anyone else? "I'm here Merry. Just relax. You're going to be fine." Frodo's voice said softly. Merry opened his mouth to speak again but no sound came. "Here," Frodo's hand disappeared from his curls but reappeared shortly after at his neck, lifting his head slightly and guiding a cup to his lips. Instinctively opening his mouth tea laced with lemon and honey trickled into his mouth. The cold sensation of the drink surprised him and he panicked for a second before. Frodo pulled away for a moment, letting him get used to the coolness of the liquid before putting the cup back in place at Merry's lips. "Drink." Not managing to voice his protest, Merry let the iced tea soothe his throat. He managed several small sips before he started to feel his stomach rebel and he moved his head away from the cup. "There's a good lad," Frodo's voice said as if talking to a child. Merry frowned. Something had to be horribly wrong for Frodo to talk to him in that way. Trying to open his eyes again Merry scrunched his face up in concentration and relaxed his eyes. Opening them very carefully the first thing Merry saw was a set of blue eyes filled with sadness mixed with love. Merry's own eyes started tearing up in response to the welcome and love he saw in Frodo's and again he choked on his feelings. Quickly squeezing his eyes shut again he grasped the hand in his tighter and opened his eyes one more time. Frodo smiled sadly at him this time and Merry could see tears matching the ones falling down his own cheeks in his older cousin's eyes. He supposed Frodo was crying over the loss of Pippin too. Merry turned his head towards his right side towards the person holding his hand. What he saw made Merry whimper, his heart skipping a beat and the tears started falling anew. Beside the bed he himself laid heavily wrapped up in, was another hobbit wrapped up in just as many blankets. Pippin! There was no mistake. It was Pippin! His cousin looked pale except for the red spots on his cheeks and listening Merry could clearly hear his laboured breathing. Pippin wasn't dead? Or were they all dead since he was with them? Pippin was about to fall out of the bed as he never let go of the link between his and Merry's hands. Turning back to Frodo Merry watched as he smiled fondly at the both of them, his hand once again combing through Merry's curls. Merry thought Pippin must have felt his gaze upon him as Pippin turned woke and turned towards Merry. The green eyes that met his bore an expression similar to Frodo's and Merry poured his own heart into his own eyes as they looked at each other. "Merry." Pippin's voice was shaky. Merry smiled back and squeezed Pippin's hand. "Pip? What happened," Merry managed, turning to look at Frodo again. "Pip's dead?" "No, Merry, Pippin isn't dead. You saved Pippin's life," came Frodo's quiet answer. Merry just stared in surprise at his cousins and shook his head slightly, immediately regretting it when the headache reminded him quite forcefully that it was there by intensifying the thumping. He moaned and opened his mouth to voice the next question on his mind: How had he come to save Pippin's life? "Sssh," Pippin said in a voice full of emotions from beside him. "I'm alive and so are you. Sleep now." Merry found the struggle to stay awake growing increasingly hard and closed his eyes again. He was asleep before he could settle back in the bed. i Water. His world was made of icy cold water. I'm drowning, Merry thought, fighting against the strong current that whirled around him and tried to drag him under. Beating his legs strongly, Merry returned to the surface, gasping for air and pulling against the current. He had to find Pippin! Whirling around in the frothing masses of water Merry desperately looked for his cousin. Had he drowned? Where was he? Merry tried to yell out for him but his mouth instantly filled with water and he swallowed, not managing to say anything. There! He could see Pippin's auburn curls not far ahead. Merry gathered all his strength and swam as hard as he could toward his cousin. It didn't look like Pippin was moving on his own and Merry swam on, hoping to get there in time. Pippin's head disappeared beneath the water and using the last of his strength Merry swam with long strokes reaching as far as he could with each stroke. The current was getting stronger and Merry was dragged under again, the breath rushed out of him as his body was forced under. Fighting to regain breath he reached the surface. Merry could see Pippin now. His cousin was just a few feet away and Merry could clearly see his pale face. Someone was shouting on the shore. As he was about to reach out for Pippin's leg the current twisted and he was dragged under again. /i The next time he awoke Pippin's hand was gone. Instinctively searching for it on the sheet where his own hand lay he could hear someone breathe laboriously. There was no piercing light in the room now and he opened his eyes carefully. The headache hadn't subsided a bit and his stomach was churning mercilessly, not very happy about the tea he'd had earlier. Trying to take a deep breath to calm his upset stomach Merry shot up in bed, coughing hard. The laboured breathing had not stopped and as the fit ended, Merry realised that it was his own breathing he had heard. As he came round from the coughing Merry felt Pippin beside him rubbing at his chest and holding him upright. Sweat poured out of every pore on his skin and Merry no longer felt bone-chillingly cold. Instead he was so hot he thought he'd burn up. There was a sound of running feet and more people poured into the room. Merry leaned against his cousin, fighting for control over his breath and rebelling insides. As soon as he was able to draw some air into