Disclaimer:: I don't own anything, all credit goes to Rick riordan and Brian S pratt Unsuspecting mage: Percy Jackson Percy slowly walked through the night, the cold wind teasing his hair as it blew through ship. He took a deep breath as he raised his hand to knock on the Annabeth's cabin's door, the breath visible as he released it. He knocked and took a step back, looking around at the various stars while he waited for a child of Athena to answer. The door opened and Percy smiled when he saw that it was Annabeth, who he drew into a hug. She hugged him back, but whispered in his ear, "What could possibly be so important that you come to my cabin and wake me up at two in the morning?" "The most important thing in the world," he said seriously, grabbing her hand and leading her back to the Stables where they had . Once inside, Percy shut the door and faced her where she was sitting on his bed. He swallowed hard. "Alright Annabeth," he said. "This is when it all goes down. It's going to be a hard battle. People will die. I might die." "You're not dying on me, Seaweed Brain," Annabeth said. "Remember? Never separated again. And after we get home…" Percy interjected. " You know it's true. Hell, you might even die. It's part of being a demigod. So before we go into battle tomorrow, I have to tell you." He took a deep breath and released it slowly, releasing all of his tension. Then he smiled at her and Bent on a knee Just a simple gray ring with a sapphire with a gray owl-shaped pearl carved into the jewel. I could see the shock on her face as I drew the box out of my pocket. I popped it open said, "Annabeth Chase, oh beautiful daughter of Athena, I am completely and utterly in love with you." she opened her mouth shocked, "p-p-Percy?." Seeing the hesitation in her eyes killed him right there so he started to stammer, She probably thinks I'm a creep. Avoiding her shocked gazed which turned into full of love in a few seconds and crashed her lips onto him, they were so lost into the kiss they didn't stop until they badly needed air, "Yes! Absolutely YES!" She shrieked excitedly Percy gave her a broad smile and walked up to her, offering her his hand. She took it and smiled up at him as he gently stroked her knuckles with his thumb. Percy grinned and kissed her harder, coaxing her lips open so he could explore her mouth with his tongue. But he stopped when he felt water on his cheeks, his eyes opening to see that she was crying, her shoulders quietly heaving with each concealed sob. Percy lingered as he pulled away, her eyes opening as she took shaky breaths. "What's wrong?" Percy whispered, gently wiping the tears off her face, which was only a few inches away from his own. She took a deep, shuddering breath and said, "I don't want to lose you tomorrow." Percy grinned, stroking her soft cheek with the back of his hand. "Then I'll have to make sure I don't die, won't I?" "You can't promise that, though," she whispered sadly. "You're right," Percy said with conviction. "I can't promise what's going to happen tomorrow. I can't even promise what's going to happen twenty seconds from now. So why worry about it?" he said, brushing his nose against hers softly, making her eyes flutter closed. "Whatever the fates have planned for me is what's going to happen," he said. "So be happy now, while we know we still can." Percy smiled lovingly down at her and pushed a stray curl out of her face, deciding she was right. "I love you so much," he replied, leaning down to kiss her, his hands making their way to the hem of her shirt. And suddenly he woke up to find he was dreaming about the last night spent with annabeth before he lost her to Gaea, It still haunts him even if 3 months had passed on. They had won the war with fewer casualties, Gaea was put back into her deep slumber & giants were defeated with the help of gods ... Percy's POV (Flashback) Dad and me had just defeated Polybotes, I felt way too weak, blood was leaking out of my mouth, and I couldn't move even if my life depended on it. I barely raised my head and I saw Porphyrion limping towards me spear raised. I thought Zeus and Jason were up with Porphyrion , I tried to move but I was at my limit I heard Annabeth scream my name. I managed to rise, but I almost immediately staggered back and I almost used Riptide as a crutch. I was looking straight at Porphyrion, or more specifically, his spear tip. He laughed, and said some worthless things, and I could only watch in horror as he summoned a massive ball of lightning that would have made Zeus jealous. When he was about to throw it, I closed my eyes, and braced myself for impact. And I did get hit. Just not on my front, but my side. That something slammed into me with so much force that I was ripped free of the hand. As I went flying, I opened my eyes to see what hit me, and saw a mass of Curly blond hair, and Swirling grey eyes. It was Annabeth Chase my love, Saving my life Again Just like from last Olympian taking knife for me. Third person POV The sound of the piercing spear was enough to freeze Percy. He turned around and ran with his full speed yelling "Annabeth" who was falling slowly and getting electrocuted to the ground, blood pouring out of her wound. for few minutes everything stopped in the battleground, He held her in his arms. He was in shock and filled with worry."Annabeth, Annabeth" He called her name, he looked up and found the goddess of the moon who had a sad expression on her face "Please do something" he begged her but he knew that there was nothing she could do. Thalia was completely in shock and could not move. The heroes from the War, witnessed what had happened and were all in shock. "Percy" Annabeth's voice was very low as she tried to get her seaweed brain's attention. She knew that she did not have much time. The spear had pierced her heart and it was poisoned. No magic could save her, not even the Apollo had the magic to heal her. She once again called Percy but he was too busy trying to have the others help that Annabeth at last resolved to call him by his nickname she had given him. Amidst all the pain she was feeling she pulled the strength and with all her energy called "seaweed brain" this got Percy's attention. "Don't worry wise girl we will have you cured in no time just stay strong and stay with me." Percy's eyes were now filled with tears, he knew that there was no hope Annabeth was dying. "Promise me Percy" Annabeth was still in pain she could feel the loss of blood, she could feel the poison spread through her body and her vision was getting blur. "Anything wise, girl anything" that was all Percy could manage, he had to keep strong he told himself. Annabeth now was using the last of her energy. "Promise me not to waste over me." "Annabeth!" that was all Percy could say. "Annabeth, I love you, I love my wise girl. Please don't say such a thing." Annabeth tried to smile but the physical pain was nothing when compared to the pain she was feeling. When Thalia had told her that Percy was visited by the goddess of love herself Annabeth knew that their love story was to be a tragedy. "You promised seaweed brain, I want you to keep that promise." She coughed blood; Percy tried relieve her of her pain but could not find a way to do so. He just said with still in tears "I love you wise girl." This time Annabeth smiled "I love you seaweed brain." With that she went limp; the live in her was no more. Everyone who was shocked was now struck with grief. Percy cried out "Annabeth, Annabeth" he shook her hoping she would just get up and say boo and call him a seaweed brain for thinking she would give him up so easily. Grief was now getting a deeper hold of Percy. He had been badly wounded when fighting the Minotaur, he had felt pain when he had lifted the sky, had felt pain when lava was poured on him and he had felt like getting dissolved and losing his identity in the Styx, but each time there was his wise girl to bring him back. She was always there to guide him physically or as an illusion but she was always there. Today as he was feeling the pain of grief there was no wise girl to comfort him there he was completely defeated. The pain was unbearable, he wanted to die he did not want to live in the world where there was no wise girl to laugh at his stupidity, to feel proud of his bravery and to care for him when he was ill. The one who loved him and he loved back was no more. Slowly Percy's vision started blurred, He stood, his anger growing hotter in his gut. The glint in the Percy's eye was 100 times More Angrier than at Akhyls(Death mist)faced in Tartarus, He was literally emanating pure terror aura even small fear crept into Poryphiron eyes slightly, tried to suppress the urge to flee, His rage took over Percy and everything was blur for Him, battle was so horribly Incomprehensible for a mere sight, The Torture was so horrible even Hades felt sympathy for Poryphiron, Later on Poryphiron was the first ever giant to fade from this realm to Void, Everything was blur to Percy, This Enraged Gaea to Awake from her slumber and her first victim was Leo as he was the closest to Gaea, Hephaestus seeing his on fall was literally on fire Gaea in her slurry voice promised the pain to Percy & slow death but Percy was already Exhausted from his rage and fell unconscious he was Caught by Artemis and was safely Transported to Hestia to Olympus, But Poseidon's rage quenched the whole Greece, Storm binger Tagged with Vulcan in his Roman form( To storm or fire the world must fall. )fought Gaea, whole sea thrashed Greece and that was the downfall of Gaea back to her slumber, Zeus and others fought all other Giant's & Gaeta's minions and then later they flashed heroes from the battle, threat was Eliminated for now, Poseidon took his son for Apollo's immediate attention. Third person's POV Poseidon sat on his throne in his underwater palace. All the water inside had been made to go out and the room was filled with air to the benefit of others who had come there. It had been two weeks after the fight in Greece. Annabeth Chase was dead. Percy Jackson who had blacked out was in coma. No matter what the gods and healers did, Percy won't wake up. Those who were concerned about Percy had gathered at Poseidon's palace to discuss the matter. Apollo, Hermes, Hestia, Hephaestus, Artemis, Iris and to everyone's surprise Hades and Dionysus were present. Apollo spoke "well everyone knows why we are here. No matter what we have done we had fail epically in restoring Percy back to health. He still internally is mourning over the girl's death. He sees it as his own fault that she is dead…" A month later... Athena After the final battle with