Author's note: This is the sequel to my story "The Quarter Quell". My first story didn't get a lot of reviews or reads so I'm hoping that with this story it'll help my first book. If you would like to understand this story more than I suggest you read my first book with only 18 chapters. I apologize for all the errors but hey, I'm human, we all make mistakes. I think that's everything so enjoy this story and please read my first book! May the Odds be Ever in your Favor! The Rebellion Katniss's POV: The ash spreads around as I walk through the ruins of my district. Tears build up in my eyes as I know this is all m fault. I kick burn wood out my way and jump over citizen's bones. I'm glad that not all of them are small, as in children's bones; even though I found a couple earlier. I happen to find Lady and Buttercup's bones lying down by the ruins of my Victor's house. The bakery where Peeta's family used to work in is completely destroyed. I walk past my old house in the Seam. Gone. I catch Posy standing in front of her house throwing burn wood out of her way; searching for something. I walk up to her and put my hand on her shoulder as she stands back up with a stuff bunny covered in ash. "Are you okay?" I ask softly. "Why should I be?" Posy says as she turns around and looks up at my eyes. "This is all my fault." "No it's not." I say. "It's mine. If I hadn't blown up the force field. . . they all be alive." "They could've let us come back here sooner." Posy says as she seems to start to cry. She walks away from me and almost trips on rubble. She's right; District 13, where we live now, could have let us come back here sooner bu they wouldn't let us. That is until Plutarch backed us up and they finally insisted we go. It has being a month already and the Capitol searches for us. In a month, all we've done is try to heal ourselves. My hair has grown longer but I got it cut and I've grown inches; I'm almost as tall as Finnick and Posy is 5'5'. We both walk to where the hob used to be. We find the ruins of the Justice Building, houses, orphanage, and the train station. Me and Posy walk back to the Seam where the hovercraft is parked and Gale waits for us. "Better now?" Gale asks us. Me and Posy nod without making eye contact and walk inside the hovercraft. My head spins and I hold on to the railing. You okay, Katniss?" Posy asks me as I feel her hand with the bandages around her wrist, on my shoulder. "Just lightheaded again." I say. I clutch the back of my head where Johanna had knock me down in the games. "Come on." Gale says as he grabs me by my elbows and drags me inside to a room where a TV hangs on the wall, seats and a couch that sits against of a window. Gale sits me down on the couch and Posy drops herself next to me and lies down her head on the side of the couch. Gale sits on a chair across from us. "Is it really that bad down there?" Gale asks us. "You were down there, you saw, Gale." Posy says. "But I didn't explore like you did, Posy." Gale says. "You still saw." Posy says almost in a whisper. "Whatever." Gale says as he rolls his eyes. "It is bad." I say. "It'll be okay. They're were a lot of survivors." Gale says. "Like 30% out of 100." Posy says as she lifts her head and rubs he wrist. At least her arm is okay. They took her off the sling about 5 days ago a long with Gale but her wrist wasn't completely healed so they covered it in bandages. Posy told me that she broke her arm when she and Finnick were attacked by beasts in the six to seven section at the arena. I was told that tomorrow were going to see the games so Posy will gain her memory back. Deep down, I don't think that's a good idea but Posy keeps insisting. "Better than nothing." Gale says. "Now I can say 'Whatever'." Posy says as she rests her head back on the side of the couch again. Gale rolls his eyes at her with a playful smile that lifts up my moods a little. I look out the window and notice the hovercraft is already moving. "Do you want to stop at District 5, Posy?" Gale asks her. "I could tell the driver now." Posy shakes her head as I see tears starting to form on her eyes. She lifts her knees up to her chest and buries her face in them; she holder her knees tighter with her hands, I'm afraid she'll get bruises. "Why don't we see what's on to change the subject." Gale says as he reaches for the remote. "What could possibly be on that'll change our minds?" Posy says not looking up; her voice coming out in a muffle. "Why don't we take a look?" Gale says as he turns on the TV. I swing my legs on top of the coffee table and watch Gale as he changes the channels. I look up at the screen and see Caesar and Peeta but Gale changes he channels fast. "Go back!" I say quickly and he does. Caesar and Peeta fill the screen and my heart falls at the sight of him. I miss him so much. I sit up right and Posy peeks from in betwene her arms and I can see her eyes shining gray and the rest in red. The sounds of millions of cheers and people clapping comes from the screen and Caesar smiles and greets the Capitol. "When was that?" I ask. "I guess last night." Gale answers as he swings his legs on top of the coffee table and crosses his arms. Posy rests her head on her arms from on top of her legs. We all stare at the TV as Caesar starts asking Peeta questions. It surprises me that he doesn't show any sings of agony of torture, sadness nor hurt. Nothing. He seems healthy. "Welcome back, Peeta!" Caesar says excitedly. "It's good to be back here, Caesar!" Peeta says with a smile. "Now, we would like for you to clear all of our minds. What happened, that last night in the arena?" Caesar asks. Peeta hesitates but answers. "Everyone had plans. Different. The arena was like being locked in a jail cell filled with ticking sounds. . . being promised that every hour there's a horror. It was all jungle and wet. In the arena, with innocent people and people that you love makes it worst. Those who want your blood to be your final reality, you know you are going to have to do some killing. It costs you your life. Everything you are." Peeta says softly. A hush of silence falls through the room and Peeta stares down at his dress shoes. "And your plan was to save Katniss." Caesar says softly. Peeta nods and looks back up at him and then out to the public. "But I shouldn't have separate!" Peeta burst out. "Because of that I lost everybody. Beetee, Finnick, Posy and Katniss. I lost my child." he stares at the camera. "I loved her, and my child. They all rest in heaven now." Peeta says softly into the camera and looks back at Caesar. I look at Gale and he just rubs his arms and Posy stares at the screen in confusion. "What abut your mentor, Haymitch Abernathy?" Caesar asks. "I should have never trusted him." Peeta says. I haven't seen Haymitch around lately, but when I do, I see the claw mark that I left on his face when I attacked him the day I woke up after being rescued from the arena along with Finnick, Beetee and Posy. Peeta, Johanna and Enobaria have being captured and we've heard that they've captured Annie also. Annie Cresta, Finnick's only true love. "I'm very sorry for your losses. We all are." Caesar says and puts a hand on Peeta's shoulder. "Thank You." Peeta says. "Are there any final thoughts you would like to point out there?" Caesar asks. "Let's not fight one another. War, not the best choice. Lower your weapons, there not many of us to fight and it'll all be over." Peeta says to the camera. "Are you calling for a cease-fire?" Caesar asks Peeta. "Yes, I am, Caesar." Peeta says. "Well, thank you for joining us, Peeta." says Caesar as he shakes Peeta's hand. "Thank you for having me, Caesar." Peeta says. "Peeta Mellark!" Caesar yells into the crowd and cheers answer back from the audience. Peeta walks off the stage waving and the screen is changed to turns off the TV and we stay in silent. Posy buries her head back in between her knees and sobs escape from her once in a while. 'He thinks we're all dead?" I ask. Gale shrugs and Posy lets out another sob. "I wonder how your sponsors are taking it?" Gale asks playfully. "Not funny." Posy answers. She lifts her head from in between her knees; reveling it red and soaked with tears and sweat. "Sort of is." Gale says taking his feet off the coffee table. Posy take a cushion from the couch and throws it at Gale, hitting him on the chest hard. "Hey!" Gale yells at her. "I said it wasn't funny." Posy says coldly. "Well, you've gone stronger." Gale says while rubbing his chest. "Stronger than you." Posy teases as she buries her head back on her knees. "Well not that strong." Gale says. He aims at Posy and throws her back the cushion, making it hit her in the head. "OW! What was that for?!" Posy yells at Gale as she lifts back her head. "Now you know how it feels." Gale says with a smirk. Posy picks up the pillow again and throws it at Gale harder and it hits him in the face. "Now you asked for it." Gale says and throws a cushion from his seat at Posy. It hits her in the shoulder and she throws one at him. Soon, they start throwing cushions at each other and get into a fight. They hit each other with cushions which at first is funny and I laugh but then it starts to get boring. After a few minutes more, Gale hits Posy in the stomach and she stumbles backwards. "OW! Stop it, Gale!" Posy yells as she clutches her stomach. "My bad." Gale says as he offers her a hand to stand up. Posy grabs it but instead of standing up, she pulls Gale down and she stands up. "Where did you learn that?!" Gale yells at her. "I might have learn a few things." Posy says. She picks up a cushion and hits Gale in the stomach with all her energy. She tosses the cushion to the side and lets herself drop on the couch. She lies her head down on the side of the couch and pulls her legs up her chest. "Are you okay, Gale?" I asks with a laugh escaping from my mouth. "That is a lot of energy and such a small body." Gale says standing up. "I'm not that small." Posy says. "Well for me you are." Gale says sitting back down on t his seat. I start to laugh and Gale joins in but Posy just buries her face on her knees again. "I guess I lighten up the mood." Gale says with a smile and Posy lets out a sob.