My name is Cyra Luned and I am from District Five. I live with my grandparents. My father lives in the same apartment block, three storeys up, and I see him as often as we dare. I never knew my mother. She died in the 37th Hunger games, though few people know I am her daughter. I knew from an early age that it wasn't something we talked about, long before I understood the reasons why. When my mother was reaped, she was eighteen and I was five months old. My parents had married on her eighteenth birthday, when she was just beginning to show, but that didn't stop her name from being entered into the games twenty five times the following summer. The peacekeepers didn't know, and there wasn't really a precedent for married women to be excused from the reaping. She might not have been the first married woman in the hunger games. She might not even have been the first parent. But those things weren't talked about, because it wasn't safe. So I knew her through a few photographs and drawings, my father and grandparents' memories, and recaps of the Hunger Games. It's hard to grow up knowing how your mother died. It's worse when you know the face of the man responsible, even if he was just a boy then. Felix Lothair was the other District 5 tribute that year. He was sixteen at the time, and he won. He left my mother to die, and I hate him. Thankfully he isn't the district five mentor. Since the games began, we have had two male victors; one female - Hardie Rollo. She won the second Hunger Games when she was seventeen, which makes her nearly seventy now. Spens Algirdas won the first quarter quell. Nobody likes him much; he was chosen by our citizens because he'd been stealing since he was twelve. I don't think anyone really wanted him to come back, but he did. Every year he glares at us from the stage like he's daring anyone to say a word against him. I have never watched the Hunger Games. I know the rules, of course. I know what happens, because they are compulsory viewing across all of Panem. Each year I watch the reapings and the interviews, because I need at least a rudimentary knowledge of what's happening, a handful of names to mention if anyone asks. I know when our district tributes have died and am subdued in class the next day. But I don't watch. Our television is on, but we all turn our backs. For my mother's sake, it is all we can do. For the rest of the year, life goes on as normal. It's hard; my grandparents work full time in the power plant closest to our home; my father works two miles away, but he's a factory foreman and earns enough that I have never had to sign up for tesserae. I don't think they would have let me anyway, even if the alternative was that we all starved. At least we would die together that way. When I turned fourteen I started work at the power plant after school. I worked alongside my grandmother for four hours a day, and my life changed. No longer could I wander the streets in the evenings, watching other peoples' lives and despite my red hair somehow manage to melt into the shadows so I was almost never seen. I missed my nocturnal wanderings, but on the upside, I'm earning my own living now, not enough to support myself, but enough that we can feed ourselves and even manage to save up for a few luxuries like fruit and coffee on our birthdays. I'm privileged, and I know it. Even in the leanest times, my grandmother has a knack of being able to make a meal out of almost nothing. We're reasonably happy, apart from that one day in the year when I have to stand corralled with my friends and pray that it's one of them who gets chosen to die instead of me. Without having to take out tesserae, the odds are in my favour. In my sixteenth year, my name is in the reaping ball just five times. Some people have six or eight times that number, and they are safe. But not me. I am reaped, and as I walk towards the platform on shaky legs, I see something that makes my blood turn to ice. Instead of Algirdas leering down from the boys' side of the platform, there is a new mentor. My mother's betrayer now stands in pride of place. I freeze, and a peacekeeper has to push me forward. I go, forcing my legs to move though I can't feel them; knowing that my family are watching. Knowing that to show weakness at this stage is as good as admitting a death wish. District Five hasn't had a female victor in fifty years. I say my name into the microphone defiantly, staring out at my friends who are safe for another year, thanks to me. Leno Bright is chosen for the boys. I barely know him; he's not quite fifteen, small and blonde; and he hides his terror well. His mother screams in despair as he walks forward. When we shake hands, I manage what I hope is a reassuring smile. Then we are taken away, our families come in to say goodbye, and I have to lie. I have to promise my grandparents that I will come back to them; to tell my father that I will come home. None of us are fooled. My grandmother gives me a silver bracelet and, when my hands are shaking too much to accept, she fastens it around my wrist. I'm escorted onto the train and Hardie Rollo is waiting for me. She looks ancient, far older than her 67 years, but she pulls me into a hug. Before I can protest, she whispers into my ear "Be as brave as your mother" and I know she's recognised me. I step back, and a tear finally spills onto my cheek. She wipes it away and leads me to what will be my room on the journey to the capitol. I don't emerge during the journey. Food is brought to my room. Hardie comes to see me briefly, but I barely react. I'm holding too much inside. She thinks I'm just frightened. I let her go on thinking that as I sit on the edge of the bed, staring at the wall, ignoring the fine Capitol clothes. She doesn't know that I dare not risk encountering Felix for fear that I'll try to kill him. I must be convincing, because Leno comes into my room. He tells me he's scared as well, but that we need to be strong and look good so we can get sponsors. I force a smile, because he's younger than me, he must know we're both going to die, poor kid, and he's still trying to make me feel better. So I ask him to help me pick out an outfit and I venture out as we approach the capitol. We look out of the window and wave, grins frozen like a death rictus on our faces. I'm scrubbed and brushed and waxed until I think I'm not going to recognise myself, and then my stylist dresses me in a metallic grey sheath dress with sparkling lights. It's not bad actually. Leno's wearing something similar, and grey horses pull our chariot. We paint those wide, fake grins on our faces and wave at the screaming crowd. I try to block them out and more importantly, I block out thoughts of my mother being in this position sixteen years earlier. I'm exhausted after the ceremony. I barely notice the other tributes, except that most of them are bigger than me. There's a thirteen year old from district 9, and a boy from 3 who looks ten but is apparently 14, but apart from that... I crawl into bed, mind reeling and convinced that I'll never sleep. The next thing I know is bright sunlight streaming through my window and Volumnia Vipointe trilling that I need to be up and ready for training. I'm terrified all over again, but more in control of myself this morning. Thankfully Hardie sits between me and Leno and is full of advice. We're to try out all the survival stations on the first day and avoid the weapons; keep our heads up and not look frightened, and keep our eyes open for anyone we might want to form an alliance with. My head jerks up in surprise. "I thought only the careers..." "Anyone'd think you've never watched the games, girl" she mutters, and I flush red because it's a bit too close to the truth. "The Careers always form an alliance, but that's not to say you can't as well. Watch out for anyone who can do things you can't. If they can recognise plants and you can start a fire, maybe they'll want to join you. Up to you if you let them, of course. Let me know if you see anyone." Hardie makes it sound as if we have a choice, and for the first time I realise that we do. It may only be a choice of how bravely we die, but it's a choice nonetheless. Belatedly, I realise we haven't seen Felix since the reaping, but decide that can only be a good thing. We ride down to the training area in the elevator with Volumnia, not speaking, staring at the floor. As we reach the ground floor, Leno glances across to me. "Wanna be in an alliance?" I manage to grin back. "Sure," I say, trying not to think about the fact that in a few days we'll both likely be dead. Leno heads for the camouflage station, I go for plants. I find myself with the girl from 9. She seems sweet, and I feel oddly protective of her, but I know better than to ally with a thirteen year old. Besides, she hasn't a clue about the plants, while I manage to get an 88% success rate on edible versus poisonous. I decide to ignore the fact that anything less than 100% in the arena will likely lead to my death, and feel slightly pleased with myself. I switch to fire starting and Leno tries to make a snare. I keep sneaking glances at what he's doing, trying to learn different skills because if we manage to meet up in the arena, we'll have covered twice as much ground in training. We can compare notes later. I find it fairly easy to start a fire , though I need to use matches. The instructor says she'll show me how to start one from scratch later, and I manage to smile. At lunchtime, Leno is leading a short, stocky girl over to our small table. "This is Vila. She's from district 6" he says. I look up and nod, giving her a small smile - a genuine one this time - and a hello. She says hello back, and we eat in silence, as if none if us are sure what to say. In a short time though, we all put away a surprising quantity of food. When I glance around I see most of the others are sitting alone, except for the careers. They're loud and outwardly cheerful, but one or two of them are glancing in our direction. They don't look friendly. "We can't eat together again. It'll make us a target for the careers" I say quietly. The others nod. "Did your mentor tell you to look for allies?" I ask Vila. "Dunno." she replies, her accent strange and her vowels flatter than I'm used to "I didn't see her this morning. She's a morphling." I look confused, then remember my grandmother mentioning something about a drug that dulls