So, I really wanted to make a one-shot, and this is what happened. It's pretty much just a breakdown of how Peeta and Katniss grow back together at the end of Mockingjay. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games The nights have changed between the slightest bit better and the slightest bit worse since the day I saw Peeta digging holes in my yard, planting the one flower I have come to despise and adore, both for completely different reasons. Sometimes, when no one is awake to see – or perhaps they are, seeing as none of us really ever sleep for very long – I will sit near the bushes and stroke the silky yellow petals. The days come and go like this for I'm not sure how long; a never-ending routine for the broken. When I wake up today, it is already apparent that something is different. Greasy Sae still comes every day, but everything is always done in silence; I'm not sure if this is for my benefit or hers. When I come out of my sleep-addled state, I can hear the bell-like laughter of her granddaughter and a familiar male's voice – Peeta's. I could pick up his tone from a mile away. I force myself out of bed, curiosity taking over. Instead of simply going down in my pajamas, I put on a shirt and pair of pants and brush out my hair. I finish up with brushing my teeth, and then I'm heading out of my room and to the stairs. One thing I will never lose is my hunter's tread. I take each step carefully, the voices never stopping, so I know they don't hear me; I'm still underweight, so my weight barely causes distress on the steps. The first thing I see as I step down onto the first floor is Peeta sitting in the living room with Greasy Sae's granddaughter, both of them playing with Buttercup. He's purring. The next thing I notice is the smell of fresh cooked meat in the kitchen, so I decide to go to the kitchen. I sneak past the living room and into the kitchen, and I purposely make enough noise to let Greasy Sae know that I'm in the room with her. She turns around, not looking as worn. I glance toward the living room pointedly. "He came over with bread. I invited him to stay for breakfast; that way, at least someone's eating it," she says, motioning over to the loaf of bread already set up on the table. There's no malice in her tone, more as if she was just stating a common fact. All I do is nod and sit down at the table quietly. I'm conflicted; I've wanted to see Peeta after he planted the primroses, but now that he is so near I don't exactly know how to act. Everything has changed. The war has left us all in shambles, and now it feels like everyone is a stranger. I rest my head in my hand, my elbow placed firm on the table, and watch Sae cook the rest of breakfast. I can still hear the laughter from the living room, and my foot twitches in response. I want to go out there. I jump when a plate is placed in front of me and look up to see Sae looking straight at me. "Talk to the boy. I know you want to." She places another plate across the table and begins to put the dishes into the sink. "I have errands to run today, so I'm going to have to leave a bit early." I idly wonder if she's telling the truth. I sit and stare at the food while she leaves the room to go collect her granddaughter. I hear Peeta before I see him; when he comes into my peripheral vision, I glance up at his face to see him looking back at me. I offer a small smile, angry with myself for acting so awkward. He sits down and smiles. "Greasy Sae offered me breakfast. Is that all right?" I nod and sit up straighter. "Yeah. Let's eat," I say as I grab my fork. The food is nice and flavorful, thanks to the extra ingredients we can afford. I don't mind that Greasy Sae uses what I have – someone should be able to. "This is good." He nods. "She's definitely got a knack for cooking." I nod and smile. The air is less thick and I feel an overwhelming sense of relief that I wasn't quite expecting. Maybe I've missed him more than I've let myself believe. But then, it could just be my mind making up lies again. THG "You captured his eyes perfectly," I say as I watch Peeta paint Finnick Odair onto a sheet of paper to place in our ever-growing book. I try and keep my voice steady because I don't want to tell him how hard seeing this picture is. I considered Finnick one of my dearest friends after how much he helped me, even through his own pain (and maybe my presence helped him, too). Peeta glances over with a half-hearted smile. "Thanks. I just need to picture the sea." His smile is a little brighter, and I feel embarrassed when this one line brings tears to my eyes. I look away and blink, and my eyes fall on the photograph next to some of Peeta's paints. Finnick has a son. A beautiful baby boy that will never know his father. "He has his eyes." "Hm?" I glance over at him and watch as he sees what has caught my attention. He softens and places a hand on my shoulder. "He does. Looks just like him, really." I nod and then stay silent for the rest of his painting, only moving to glue the photo on, then watch Peeta do the rest of the work to attach the page carefully into the book. He leaves it open for now to let it dry. We sit and stare. I can't decipher my feelings right now anymore, don't know if I'm filled with sadness or hope. I idly wonder how Annie is doing with the baby, with how much he resembles his father. I'm not sure if I would be able to handle it. A few minutes later, Peeta grabs another sheet, one of the papers that he sketches the picture on before copying it with paint. I'm intrigued and a little apprehensive, since we hadn't planned on doing anyone else today. As if reading my thoughts, he says, "I want to draw my father. We can do the writing tomorrow, but I just want to draw the picture out." I nod, but don't say anything. What could I say? I only knew his father through the few conversations we had. As I watch him draw the picture out, the determination that usually appears when he paints more evident than normal, I decide that I should give him space to grieve alone. It's what I would want if I were in his position. The moment I go to stand, he stops his drawing and looks up at me with innocent eyes. Innocence I have not seen in a long time. "Where are you going?" I continue to look down at him. Do I tell him I was going to let him grieve alone, that this is none of my business? No. He would find some way to have me stay, because he's not like me. He doesn't hide away from the world when things get hard, doesn't run away from his problems. "I was going to go make us some tea." The innocence turns into disbelief, but he hides it quickly. "All right, that sounds nice." He turns back to his drawing, letting me off the hook. I guess, as long as I stay, it doesn't really matter. I head to the kitchen and fill the kettle, putting it on the stove to heat up. Before I can sit down at the table, there's a crash. I'm in the living room before I even realized I had moved. Peeta's not on the couch anymore, his drawing lying down on the coffee table, his pencils strewn all over the table and couch. "Peeta?" I slowly make my way around the table, finding every possible exit if necessary. He could be having what Dr. Aurelius called a "flashback", which is the aftermath of his hijacking. He said they tried to cure him completely, but the hijacking was too deep in his mind; the fact that he has recovered at all is a feat in itself, considering he's the only one to ever be able to. When I see him, my heart breaks. He's doubled over, eyes screwed shut and hands clutched around a leg of the coffee table. He's shaking from the force of his hold, and the utter pain etched in his features is what gets me to move again. I kneel down beside him, but not too close in case the hijacking somehow takes over. "Peeta," I whisper, turning my head slightly to get a better look at his face. "Peeta, come back." He whimpers, and I can't help but lay a gentle hand on his shoulder, hoping to force him back to reality. It takes another five minutes before slowly opens his eyes, and when he looks at me, all I see is confusion. "My family is dead, real or not real?" Guilt floods inside of me. His family. Of course that's why he had a flashback; I left him alone while he drew a picture of his father. Surely I should have known this would be a trigger. "Real," I whisper, unable to look at him any longer. "District 12 was bombed, real or not real?" "Real." "You killed them, real or not real?" I want to say real. Technically, it is; his parents would still be here if I didn't cause so much havoc. None of the bombing victims would be gone. I know he means literally, so I look up and say, "Not real." He seems more lucid now. "I know." He sits up and flexes his hands, then sighs and looks down at his lap. "I'm so sorry, Katniss. I was hoping you wouldn't have to…" He was hoping that I wouldn't have to see him like this. The guilt is building back up, but because he doesn't want to show me what he thinks is his weakness. I don't want him to feel like he can't show me; to feel like I will judge him. "No Peeta, please don't be sorry." We stare at each other for a moment, neither knowing what to do, when the tea kettle whistles high and loud. I turn away and jump up, and take the kettle off of the burner when I make it into the kitchen. I stand there for a minute, trying to process everything when loud footsteps make their way beside me. "Tea ready?" I look toward him. He smiling, but it doesn't quite reach his eyes. I try and smile back, and nod. "Yeah, just let me get the tea out." The tea soaks into the water and we drink it in silence. I look at him; he still looks a bit beat-up, but what I really hate is the look of shame. Without thinking, I reach our and cover one of his hands with mine. "I don't think any less of you for this. Just…let me help you." He looks into my eyes, and this time the smile is a little bit more genuine. THG "Peeta, no. I'll burn the place down." He laughs and stands beside me in front of my kitchen counter, arms crossed. He has placed all of the ingredients for his cheese buns on it; his plan is to teach me to make them for myself since I always ask him for a batch. I don't