Disclaimer : I do not own The Hunger Games , or any of it's characters. Disclaimer 2 : I do not own the lyrics or songs used in this chapter. Trigger Warning : Mentions of anxiety, panic/anxiety attacks, death, depression, and suicide. ¡Dark themes ahead¡ Chapter One : Shh Peeta Her name was Katniss Everdeen. She had the darkest black hair, and the most silvery gray eyes. She was small, and thin, but healthy and athletic. She had a beautiful olive complexion, and was the captain of the archery club, as well as the leader of our track and field team. The only hint of makeup on her is the beautiful metallic silver lipstick she's worn every day since freshman year. She was also set to be our valedictorian, and rumor had it that she had a full scholarship to Stanford just waiting for her. Katniss Everdeen was perfect. Well, to me she is. Others think of her as. . . something un-fixable. But I don't think so. I could never think so. So what if she didn't talk? That doesn't matter the slightest, as she's still a spectacular human being. I've never actually spoken to her-but I've noticed her. She lived here in Panem when she was younger, up until the time she was eleven-years-old. . . and then her father passed away after a bad construction accident. She had disappeared then. Gone without a word. Simply withdrawn from school and never to be heard of again. That is until freshman year. Word had gotten around that that a new girl was in town and that she would be a freshman. But the one detail about her that spread like wildfire was that she was hot . Little did anyone know it was her . It wasn't until the first day of the actual school year that people learned the one and only 'important detail there was to know' about her; she didn't speak. People had figured it out soon enough, when many guys, and some girls, attempted to strike up conversations with the hot new girl. At first, she would just bite her silver lips and either nod, shake her head, or shrug in response to them. They thought she was just being difficult, but their attempts eventually led to multiple panic attacks. The teachers were eventually forced to inform everyone that she was mute. Katniss isn't mute due to any medical complications, but is a selective. And then the talk started from those in her choir class, " She sings! And she's actually good! The best! " People had begun to question her mutism, but teachers once again clarified that it was a selective. She didn't feel comfortable communicating with people through her words, but the reason she had turned mute was because the loss of her father. And singing reminded her of him, so she continued the practice. She had returned to Panem when her mother committed suicide and she moved in with her grandparents. It wasn't much later (this summer) when Katniss' sweet little sister followed suit. Katniss' last chord had finally strung then, and she had noticeably become more distant. At least for those who looked for it. I anonymously sent her a basket of primroses and my special cheese buns each respectively to her home after Primrose's death, and even attended the young girl's funeral. My attraction to Katniss hadn't started in freshman year though. In fact, it began on our very first day of school, when she was five, and I just four. She was in my homeroom, and when we had music class, she had volunteered to sing the Valley Song. Her voice was the most beautiful thing I'd ever heard, and I'd fallen head over heels for her then and there. It was now the very first day of my final school year, and I sat in my old truck with my hands on the wheel, deciding that this was finally the year I would work up the courage to talk to her. As the engine roared, I took my car out of park and began my drive to Panem High. As I got out of my car, I looked around and spotted her instantly. She wore a pretty-but very uncommon-dress. It was a simple dark blue thing lined with black that went down to her knees. Above it, she wore a simple black cardigan, with matching black flats. Her hair was also uncharacteristically out of its braid, and trailed behind her in waves along the soft refreshing breeze. Her familiar silver cup in her left hand. The one other thing that was there, as it had always been, was her trademark metallic glittery silver lipstick that brought out her eyes so beautifully. "Looking good, Everdeen!" "I can make you talk again, just give me one night!. . . In bed!" "Get all dolled up for me?" My blood boils upon hearing the ridiculous boys' comments. It amazes me how she can ignore them so well. . . besides the finger that she gives them as she walks into the school building. A small smile spreads across my lips before my ears register Delly's screeching. "Peeta!" she yells as her small yellow heels click on the pavement of the parking lot. "Aren't you just so excited!" Opening my arms to engulf her in a hug, I nod. "Of course. I'm ready to be done with this already." "Who isn't?" I let go of her and she begins smoothing her hands over her tan dress dotted with tiny yellow flowers. "But we know we're gonna miss it when it's over." I laugh and begin to make my way into the building, "I'm not too sure about that." She gives me a pointed look before placing a hand on my shoulder and proceeding to walk alongside me, "Whatever you say, Peet. What's your first period again?" "How many times do I have to remind you that we don't have any classes together this year?" I ask, laughing as I open the door for us to enter the building. "We're at two completely different academic levels, and aren't really interested in the same things." She walks in and waits for me to join her before continuing to walk, "I know I just miss having classes with my best friend." She pouts before her face erupts into a giant grin, "Thom!" "Careful!" I yell after her as she runs to her boyfriend of four months. He'd asked her out a month before junior prom and it's been a 'fairytale' ever since. At least that's what she describes it as. Chuckling, I decide to grab the pencil and notebook I'd placed in my locker on the day we got our schedules. My breath catches in my throat as I see her puzzling over how to open her locker, her silver cup in one hand and a piece of paper in the other. "Here, I'll hold your cup." I offer as I approach her locker, which is thankfully right beside mine. She glances up at me suspiciously, eyeing me as if I was going to try something as all other boys in our school do around her. "I just want to help you." Pursing her lips, she cautiously hands me her cup with a nod. I turn to my own to the right of hers and begin to put in my combination. I'd already memorized mine when I found it on schedule pick up day. I place her cup in my locker as I place the pencil in my pocket and take out my notebook, tucking it in my arm. I retrieve her cup before shutting my locker once more. Katniss places her bag on the hook given and takes a couple of things out before shutting her own. I'm about to hand her back her cup when she seems to consider something before pulling out a marker and beginning to write on the small dry erase board she carries everywhere. She then turns it towards me, " Thank you, Peeta. " It reads. I forget how to breathe when I see that she knows my name. I realize my mouth is gaping open and turn it into a smile. "You're welcome, Katniss." Now it's her turn to be shocked as she looks up at me in confusion before proceeding to wipe the board clean. I hand her back her cup. "What's your first period?" I ask suddenly. She jumps at my words before pressing her lips together, perhaps to remind me that she doesn't speak. But I already know. "Mine's cooking." Her eyes show recognition before motioning to herself and nodding. "You too?" She nods again. I smile. "I didn't know you took that class, is this your first year?" I ask stupidly. Katniss appears startled at my words. Damn it , I probably just creeped her out " I didn't know you took that class" that makes me sound like a creep. She quietly nods before jerking her head to the side, motioning to the door nearest to us with a questioning look. What does she mean? She shyly hands her cup over to me once again. I take it without hesitation and watch as she begins to scribble on the whiteboard again. Her neat cursive reads, " Yes, it's my first year. Where exactly is the class? " I nod. "It's my third year, I'll take you." I say. She appears slightly relieved as she wipes her board clean. Once she's done and puts away the marker she reaches for her cup. "I can hold it. Plus, I talk quite a bit, maybe you'll need to keep on writing a little while longer." Katniss' face flushes and she looks away. A smile breaks out on my face, I've made her blush. Once she faces me again, she motions forward and I grab her wrist to ensure I don't lose her as we weave through the many students of our school. Once we reach the class, I let go and motion to the door. "We're here." She nods and enters the classroom. Ms. Lavinia greets everyone and smiles upon seeing me. "Peeta, darling!" she says, motioning me to come closer. "Oh, I swear you grow a foot every summer." Chuckling, I briefly hug my favorite teacher. "Only you, Ms. Lavinia. How was your summer?" "Just wonderful." she says before nodding to the stations. "Seniors pick their own seats this year, choose wisely, dear." I smile and look at all of my options carefully before my eyes land on my favorite spot in the middle of the classroom. "Thank you, I won't be too bad this year." "Never! You're always an angel." she says. Quickly walking to the station, I take a seat. It's meant for two people and I begin to watch the door for people to sit by me before Katniss comes into mind. I look around and see her seated at a station in the corner on her phone. I place my notebook down and make my way to her. Planting myself in front of her, I smile. She looks up at me startled, a questioning look on her face. "Come sit next to me. I don't know anyone very well in this class, and I want you to have a good partner." Katniss scowls at me before looking over to my seat. She purses her lips before looking over everyone in the class. She looks up at me and furrows her eyebrows. "Come on, I want you to sit with me." Her cheeks flush a deep red before she eventually stands up and makes her way over to my table. I smile and jog up to her, taking my seat. I pull out my own phone and begin to scroll through a couple messages before an idea comes to mind. I swiftly place my phone in front of her before swiping her own out of her hands. She shrieks as she