Disclaimer : I do not own The Hunger Games or the song Over and Over Again . Over and Over Again Wringing my hands, I walk into the drama/choir room where the teacher of both classes, Effie Trinket, awaits tapping away at her phone, seated neatly at her desk. "Excuse me, Ms. Trinket?" I call out. "Teacher said you needed me, and that it could, "Absolutely not wait until class!"—I heard you over the phone." She startles a little, but a smile immediately replaces her overly perfected features, no doubt from the pounds of makeup she uses every day. "Oh, yes! I have some very exciting news!" "Yeah?" I say, taking a seat in the front row of chairs lined feet from her piano. "Yes!" she chirps, "You've been such a good assistant these past three years, so I wanted to give you the pleasure of choosing a song we could sing for the Valentine's Day Spectacular!" My brows furrow a moment, it's the beginning of December and we're still rehearsing for the Christmas Joyfest. But then a thought comes to mind and I begin to nod enthusiastically, "Yes, of course. Thank you so much, Ms. Trinket." A proud smile takes over her face. "Do you have a song in mind? I have others picked out, but mostly for the whole choir, I need more solos and duets?" I feel my cheeks begin to redden as the song I sing to myself whenever I think of Katniss comes to mind, "I have one. Have you ever heard of the song Over and Over Again? Particularly the duet between Nathan and Ariana?" Her eyes sparkle in recognition. "Oh, Peeta, that's perfect!" Nodding my head, I feel myself becoming light headed at the thought of the song I'm so overprotective of being sung by two people it means nothing to, but want to show off their "talent." "Could I make a suggestion? On a singer." "Enlighten me, dear," My cheeks feel on fire once again as I say her name aloud, "Katniss Everdeen. I believe she's in your women's choir?" Her eyes soften at the name, "She has a beautiful voice, perfect for this one. . . but I don't know if I could convince her to do this, dear. I've tried to give her solos many times, but she never budges. And that young lady has real talent." "Yeah," I say softly. "So when do the song lists get posted?" She looks down at her notebook full of. . . well, notes . I swear, if you ever try to find something in there, you'd get lost and never be found again. I may or may not speak from personal experience. "I was thinking this Friday actually, with auditions on the last Monday before break, then I will announce the performers that Friday. That gives everyone two weeks to practice their act, and then break for the official performers to adjust themselves. And when we get back, we can practice, practice, practice until our voices are raw." I chuckle, "Sounds fun." "Yes, now get back to class dear, let me write you a pass. . ." Students go crazy after the lists of acts are posted. I see it myself as I stand near the back of the crowd listening in on people's conversations about what they think which songs are worth trying out for, mine seems to be a hit. It's when I'm turning back to get to my next class that I see her. "You going to audition this year?" I can't help myself. She jumps before looking at me in surprise. "No," "Why not?" I ask, my voice audibly disappointed. I've only talked to Katniss Everdeen a handful of times, always out of obligation, but only because she's the only person who's able to make me nervous. Her eyes are full of curiosity when she looks at me again, "I don't like attention." I'm caught at a stalemate. "You could still try it." She hugs her books tighter to herself, and I can see her trademark scowl threatening to make its appearance. "No thanks." With that, she speeds off, my eyes loosing sight of her in the midst of the crowd. Damn . Sitting next to Ms. Trinket, I tap my pen lightly on the clipboard. Of all the auditions, only two girls have come close to meeting my expectations for the duet. No guys. Another guy steps in and tells us that he's auditioning for Over And Over Again. I'm immediately alert as I ready the evaluation sheet. Ms. Trinket begins to play the instrumental and he begins the first verse. Nope. When he's finished, I can't help myself from standing up. "Do you want to hear me sing it once? Your voice has really good potential." The boy is obviously a freshman, and he looks intimidated by the second place wrestler. He nods and I look over to see Ms. Trinket eyeing me curiously, a pleased smile across her face. As she begins to play the piano, I feel many pairs of eyes on me, but train my focus on the long manicured nails of Ms. Trinket as she approaches my entrance. " From the way you smile To the way you look You capture me Unlike no other . . ." When I finish, Ms. Trinket is busy writing something down. My cheeks fill with color, but chills run down my spine as I feel an even greater presence. After taking my seat once again, I discreetly look around to find none other than Katniss looking at me, an unreadable expression. "Next." Katniss makes her way to stand in front of Ms. Trinket. "I would like to audition for the female counterpart in Over And Over Again." "You came, darling! I guess my nagging worked, huh?" Ms. Trinket teases. Katniss' eyes meet mine before turning away quickly, "Kind of." Ms. Trinket begins to play the instrumental leading up to the female's entrance. I am in no way prepared for the voice that fills my ears. " From the heat of night To the break of day I'll keep you safe And hold you forever . . ." The room is silent when she's finished. Her eyes flit about nervously before I begin clapping, others joining me one by one. I'm in awe as I see a couple of girls begin to exit the room. "I knew you had it in you, darling." Ms. Trinket whispers softly. "Thank you for coming." Without a doubt, my scores for her are off the charts. This is hers without a doubt. The rest of the auditions go by in a blur, filled with recording every audition as well as scoring them. The room is filled with talk of the quiet Everdeen girls' audition until they slowly come to a stop. "Thank you again, Peeta. I don't know what I'd do without you." Ms. Trinket tells me as we exit the room and make our way out of the building. "I think I have a good idea on who they're all going to." "Do you think—" She chuckles, "You'll have to wait like everyone else." "But I always hear your top—" "Not this time," she says evasively. "It's six o' clock, you better get home now. Take care!" Nodding, I begin to walk in the direction of my car. "You too, see you tomorrow Ms. Trinket." As I get into my old black pickup truck, I put the key in the ignition and sit back. Why would Ms. Trinket not want to tell me her top five from each song? A horrible thought comes to mind. What if she didn't want me to know because she didn't want Katniss for my song? I had told her I wanted her. . . but no one else even compared to Katniss. Trying to push the though in the back of my head, I drive back to my family's bakery to start my shift. The biggest mob of people surrounds Ms. Trinket's door. The bulletin board is cleared for the list that Ms. Trinket has yet to tack up there. If Katniss doesn't get the part, I want to see who Ms. Trinket thought was better. The door creaks as Ms. Trinket exits her room and walks over to the bulletin board. Everyone steps back as she tacks up the list. As soon as Ms. Trinket steps away, everyone rushes forward. The print is far too small for me to read from my spot, but I begin to pick out the disappointed and happy faces from the crowd, trying to remember what each of them auditioned for. "Congratulations, Peeta," I hear a voice say, turning to find Clove, who did a fairly okay audition for Over And Over Again. "You and that Everdeen girl got my song." My eyes nearly pop out of my head. "What?" Her little smirk becomes more confident. "You're gonna duet with Everdeen. You mad 'cause it isn't me?" "I didn't even audition," I argue. "How. . ?" A laugh escapes my fellow wrestler, football, and baseball teammates' girlfriend. "Come on, everyone heard about your pretty little singing. I was actually getting used to the idea of singing a love song with one of my boyfriend's best friends. . . but then she got it." I turn to find Katniss being bombarded by congratulatory comments and gestures. Her cheeks are a beautiful scarlet and she has a small proud smile on her face, one of my own begins to grow. "You did great on your audition, Clove." My shoulder is met with a powerful punch and I turn to face her, rubbing my throbbing shoulder. "Well you should've scored me higher. Now I don't even have a solo. I was so sure I was going to get that part. Everyone else sucked." I shake my head at my small friend. "I'm sure you were a close second." "I mean, who could've expected that Everdeen would audition? Who even knew she was even a little good?" Clove rants. "Ms. Trinket always gives me a part, no matter what. And then suddenly she decides to do something and she gets the part I wanted?" "Calm down Clove, you got the big lead in the Christmas concert." I try to calm her, but that only seems to add fuel to her fire. "Exactly! I'm good. Really good. Ms. Trinket knows that," she says, her eyes fiery. "That part should've been mine." Shaking my head, I squeeze her shoulders lightly in an attempt at a light hearted hug. "It's not that big a deal." "It's the biggest one! Everyone wanted it. And I heard Ms. Trinket had big plans for it." Clove pouts before rolling her eyes. "At least you got a part without even trying." I don't even have time to respond before she's storming off muttering something about Cato. "Good job." Turning around, I find Katniss standing awkwardly behind me. "Thanks, you too." Nodding, she walks away, heading to Ms. Trinket's door. I watch as Ms. Trinket engulfs her in a hug before handing her multiple sheets of paper. I catch her eye and she winks in my direction before talking to her other performers. It hits me then that this is the reason why she wouldn't tell me her top picks. Making my way through the mob, I accept congratulations before giving Ms. Trinket a look. "I'm sorry, Peeta. You just did so wonderful!" she tells me before pulling me in for a hug. "I can't believe you were hiding such talent from me!" Shaking my head, I give her a smile. "I'm not a performer. But, thank you for giving me the part. I hope I don't disappoint." "You could never!" she says before handing me my own small stack of papers about the song and other important information. When she's finished, the warning bell sounds and everyone begins to make their way to first period. "At least it's