Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games . Katniss' POV "That's right, this year will be the seventy-fifth anniversary of the Hunger Games, and that means it's time for our third Quarter Quell!" says Caesar Flickerman. "What will they do?" Prim asks. "It isn't for months yet." Prim and I turn to our mother, whose expression is solemn and distant, as if she's remembering something. "It must be the reading of the card." She tells us. We hear the anthem play, and my throat tightens with revulsion as President Snow takes the stage. He's followed by a young boy dressed in a white suit, holding a simple wooden box. The anthem ends, and President Snow begins to speak, to remind us all of the Dark Days from which the Hunger Games were born. When the laws for the Games were laid out, they dictated that every twenty-five years the anniversary would be marked by a Quarter Quell. It would call for a glorified version of the Games to make fresh the memory of those killed by the districts' rebellion. These words could not be more pointed, since I suspect several districts are rebelling right now. President Snow goes on to tell us what happened in the previous Quarter Quells . . . "On the seventy-fifth anniversary, as a reminder that even the youngest among us fought and are not always as innocent as we may make them out to be, our male and female tributes will be reaped from a younger age than twelve, and will be eligible at eight years old. Volunteering is forbidden ." says President Snow. I feel my heart drop into the pit of my stomach. He'll practically be sending in babies! A poor eight year old child has nothing against an eighteen year old monster. I feel my eyes pool with tears at the thought of it, and I hear my sobs before I even feel them coming. Prim and my mother look baffled. They know this this is even more unfair than the Hunger Games themselves, and I walk out of my house before they say a word. I know that they'll immediatley try to comfort me about being a mentor. Haymitch is sitting at his kitchen table opening a new bottle of white liquor. "Guess you heard what the Quell's gonna be, huh?" He says with a laugh. I scowl and take the bottle from him. Anger begins to fill his eyes, and out of panic, I take a drink. Haymitch visibly calms down and lets me drink. "Can I have it back now? You shouldn't be drinking sweetheart. You're only seventeen. You know what, you don't have a choice, hand it over, now." He says. I protectively wrap my arms around the bottle and refuse. He eyes me for a moment before deciding to just let me keep it. "Snow can do that? Just send babies into the arena? It's disgusting. Imagine having to mentor an eight year old, Haymitch." I say in disbelief. He shrugs. "I've mentored twelve year olds that looked eight." He says as he drinks from another bottle that he opened during my little speech. My scowl deepens. "Yeah? Well, I can't do that. These kids will be eight looking five from lack of food and illnesses. It may be even worse than Prim going into the arena." I say with a shudder. Haymitch's bottle is already half empty, so I begin to take a few more gulps. "You'll have to get over it sweetheart. Now stop drinking, it just doesn't suit you." He says halfheartedly trying to take the bottle from me, but anger rises in me and I stand up and drink the rest of the bottle right in front of him before throwing it at his feet. I then turn around and make my way out of his home, only to be met with the terrible effects of alcohol. I barely make it inside my home before passing out. I wake up with a pounding headache, and run to my bathroom before vomiting up the white liquor I'd drank the night before. When I'm done, I sit back and wipe my mouth. I jump when I feel someone pat my back and turn around to find Peeta there. "I came to make sure you were all right, but your sister told me that you'd drank yourself unconscious." He explains. I can't believe I didn't see him on my way here, but then again, my main focus was to not vomit all over my bedroom floor. "I guess I'm okay. Just have a bad headache from all the alcohol. I need a shower." I say. He chuckles. "Haymitch told me. I stayed here during the night to make sure you'd be okay, but I guess the alcohol knocked you out pretty good." Peeta says with a smile and I scowl, but it immediatley leaves my face and turns into a smile too. "Thanks. But Peeta, what are we going to do? You and I both know that I won't be able to mentor an eight year old. I don't know how Haymitch does it." I tell him. He doesn't reply, but instead helps me stand up. I brush my teeth and we go into my bedroom. We sit down on my bed and he sighs as he reaches for my hand. Our fingers interlock and we both stare at them for a while. "I honestly don't know. That's why I came over. After the initial shock of it, I came to see how you'd handled it." Peeta says with a chuckle. "I stayed to make sure you wouldn't have any nightmares about it, but you were fine." He adds and I sigh. "Maybe we won't have to mentor an eight year old though. Maybe we'll get tributes who are older." Peeta says. "Hopefully. I don't want to look weak in front of the other Victors' when I burst into tears at the sound of our tributes' canons." I say. Peeta laughs. "You'll be fine. Just don't get too attatched. I'm sure that's what all the other Victors' do. They don't really become friends until after they win the Games. If they do." He says. I sigh. We both know it's going to be hard. Especially being our first times as mentors. Reaping day comes around faster than ever, and I'm not prepared. My heart hammers in my chest as Haymitch, Peeta and I take our seats on the stage of the Justice Building. I sit in the middle with Haymitch to my left and Peeta to my right. I'm holding his hand tightly, not because there are cameras, but because I need an anchor. Just in case I need support. I tune out the boring beginning because I'm just too nervous, and the drawing comes way to quickly. Effie is visibly less happy because Peeta and I are nervous. And in turn, Effie is unsure of herself. "Ladies first!" She announces halfheartedly. Anxiety bubbles in me as she walks over to the podium and takes her time choosing a slip of paper. When she finally decides on one, she slowly walks back to the podium. Effie hesitates though, and looks back at me. I nod to let her know that I'm okay, and she nods in return before carefully opening the slip of paper. "Josie Zaid." She calls out. I see people looking around and my eyes immediatley land on the younger group of children, but to my slight relief, I watch as a girl from the middle of the clump of girls bravely steps up. She stands taller as she reaches the small path that leads directly to the steps. I watch as she smiles and carefully makes her way up to the stage. "Well hello dear. How old are you?" Effie asks her when the girl takes her place next to Effie. The girl appears small, maybe due to the size of heels Effie is wearing. "Hi, I'm fourteen." She says in a sweet voice. Peeta squeezes my hand. "Wonderful. And now for our male tribute." She announces. Her voice sounds calmer. Effie is more confident as she strides over to the glass bowl holding the boys' names. She selects a slip of paper at the bottom of the bowl before she comes back to the podium. She opens the slip of paper carefully and reads the name. "Ren Crestley" She says in a clear voice. I again find myself looking at the youngest group of boys, but a boy from the back of the clump of boys emerges. I can tell that he's from the Seam. He slowly makes his way to the stage, and he appears dazed. It takes him a bit to get to the stage. The dread on his face is unmistakable. My heart aches for him although he doesn't appear to be much younger than Peeta and I. As soon as he reaches the top of the steps, Effie rushes to him and practically drags him to the opposite side of where Josie is. "Hello, and how old are you darling?" Effie asks as soon as they are all in position. He hesitates, but Effie taps him lightly on the back so he will hurry. "Eighteen." He says in a whisper. My eyes widen. He's older than Peeta and I. Effie presses her lips together. "Wonderful. Now shake hands you two." She says, and her voice sounds as it's become less cheerful as she steps back to allow them to shake hands. Josie immediatley stretches out her hand to him, but Ren seems to hesitate. He eyes her for a moment before finally shaking her hand. Josie immediatley let's go of his hand as soon as their hands shake twice and turns towards the audience and Effie takes the cue and looks over at the mayor as he steps forward and reads the Treaty of Treason. When he's done, the anthem plays and we all go inside the Justice Building. Peeta and I watch as they are taken to their seperate rooms to say good-bye to their loved ones. We take a seat outside of their rooms and wait for hour to be over. As visitors come in and out, I notice Josie has slightly more visitors than Ren and I sigh. Peeta's hand tightens around mine and I squeeze his to let him know I'm okay. When the hour's up, we are all taken into a car to get to the train. Peeta, Haymitch, and I are taken in a seperate car than Effie and the tributes. We get there first and await for their arrival with Effie and take our seats in the compartment we first enter. It doesn't take long before we hear the doors open and Josie walks in, Ren and Effie trailing behind. She takes them over to us and they take their seats across from us. Effie places her hand on my shoulder and I smile at her. She smiles back before leaving to her own devices. Haymitch has promised to be sober for Peeta and I's first batch of tributes. "Hello, it's very nice to meet all of you." Josie says breaking the silence. I nod and Haymitch mumbles a hello. Peeta shakes her and Ren's hand with his free one. "It's nice to meet you too." Peeta says. Josie smiles and Ren stays silent. "So . . . what happens now?" Ren asks softly. I look over to Haymitch, but he just shrugs. I take this time to look at them both. Josie isn't very tall, but she has an air of confidence. Her hair looks a shade of brown that isn't common in our District, not to mention she has dark blue eyes. It confuses me as to where she's from. Nonetheless, the mix of very light brown hair and dark blue eyes on her pale skin makes her look beutiful. Ren is about Peeta's height and looks strong