Disclaimer : I do not own Jane The Virgin or The Hunger Games . Note : Writing that is italicized and bolded is in the narrator's point of view. The narrator is not Katniss. Also ; as a future reference, Mrs. Everdeen will be the one whom carries the Seam traits/features, as well as harboring Spanish heritage; and Mr. Everdeen will be the one who has the Merchant looks. This is to help some of the plot move along smoothly. Prologue Our story begins thirteen and a half years ago. When Katniss Everdeen was a mere ten years old. It's should be noted that at a mere ten years old, Katniss' interests include; Her family, God, and grilled cheese sandwiches. "Look at the rose you have in your hand, Katniss." her grandmother, Sae, tells her. "Look how perfect it is. How pure ." she says, "Now, sweetheart, crumple it up." "Ugh, mother, stop." Katniss' mother, Lily Everdeen groans as she paints her nails. "Mommy, shh!" Katniss scolds. Katniss' grandmother goes back to her lesson, "Crumple up the rose, Katniss." Katniss does as she's told and crumples the delicate flower in her one hand. "Good." Her grandmother says, pleased. "Now try to make it new again." Katniss looks at her grandmother in confusion before doing as she's told once again, "I can't." Katniss huffs in frustration. "That's right. It can never go back to the way it was before." Katniss' grandmother says, "That's what happens when you lose your virginity. You can never go back." Katniss just nods her head, taking in the new information her grandmother has told her. "Never forget that, Katniss." Sae warns. And Katniss never did. Chapter One Thirteen and a Half Years Later : Katniss and Gale stand on her front porch, having one of their countless make out sessions. Katniss pulls away, "Don't forget this." She says, handing him his detective badge. "Thanks for stopping by." Gale gives her one last kiss before heading off to his car. Katniss stares longingly in his way for a moment before re-entering her home. "Goodness, you can at least turn it down." Katniss says as Sae turns down the volume to their favorite movie starring her celebrity crush, Hunter E. (his last name unknown to the world). "I was letting you know that it was starting," her grandmother says in defense, "Now eat your piece of grilled cheese, sweetheart." "Ugh, mom, she doesn't have to watch if she doesn't want to." Katniss' mother groans. Katniss grabs her plate off the coffee table and sits between her mother and Sae on their sofa. "Oh, of course I'm going to watch it. You guys got me hooked on telenovelas. But you really have to know that they've ruined romance for me." Sae shushes her as the show begins. Meanwhile, 8.2 miles away from where Jane lives, but half a world away… Party music blares as Peeta (hotel owner, playboy, trapped husband) stares off into the distance. "Peet?" his wife, Glimmer asks. "Babe, are you alright?" He turns around and gives his wife a smile, "Yes. Thank you for asking." "Worrying about the hotel?" she questions, walking closer to him. "Look, if anything goes wrong, your father will help out." He looks at her questioningly and she lets out a smile, "Oh, stop. Do you know what feels bad about taking money?" She questions, reaching out to fix his tie. "People will have too much." They laugh and she proceeds to caress his face, "That's better, see? You just need to relax." Glimmer (man-eater) re-applies her lipstick. "You're starting to seem desperate, Glimmer; I do not blame you." Her mother, Lyme says while playing cards. "Your husband does not love you anymore." "You're wrong mother." Glimmer replies, brushing off her mother's words. But her mother continues, "It's alright. Tomorrow will change everything." "I still haven't decided-" "Oh, you will." she says in a singsong voice, "You will." "Maybe Gale's gonna propose." Katniss' best friend, Johanna says. "My sister says guys get all "cheese-ball" before they propose." Katniss slams her employee-locker shut and smiles, "No way. We have a timeline. Alright? I haven't even gotten my teacher's degree yet, we just merged our calendar's-" "You've been dating for two years and you haven't boned. He might want to move up your timeline-" "Everybody decent?" a man asks as he barges into the lady's locker room. "Who are you?" Johanna asks, walking up to the crazed man. He strolls up to her. "Carter Boggs, but everyone calls me Boggs. I work for the management company that just bought the hotel. So you can think of me as your new boss." He says before pulling out an array of straws. "Pick a straw please." He says as he begins to hand one to each of the women. "Okay, let's see those straws." Boggs says as the women do as they are told and begin to hold up their straws. Katniss huffs as she sees that hers is half as long as the others'. "What's your name?" Boggs asks, walking up to her. "Katniss." she says, anxiously biting the inside of her cheek. Johanna steps up, "But everyone calls her Koggs ." She says, mocking the man's nickname. Katniss tries to suppress a laugh. "Okay, Koggs . Congratulations. You get the tail." he says smirking. I did not sign up for this , she thinks as she holds a bottle of champagne, dressed in a mermaid costume near the edge of the pool. A man walks up to her and hands out his champagne glass, she plasters a smile on her face as she refills his glass. "I can't believe we have to do this." she says to Gloss, who's blowing bubbles around her after the man leaves. "Do what?" he asks before continuing to blow more bubbles. Katniss looks at him in disbelief before shaking her head and turning away. "I don't know Delly." Peeta says to his older sister. She rolls her eyes, "Peet, if you're not happy, end it." Peeta sighs, "It's hard. Glimmer stood by me-" "I know," she presses, "But that doesn't mean you owe her your whole life. Look, you've changed. I mean, of course you did. If you didn't change, I'd be worried about you. And you know what, it's a good thing because you were so insufferable before." He feigns anger, "Hey!". "As your sister, I can say that." she laughs, "I loved you then, I love you now and. . . if you do get a divorce, it doesn't make you our father." Glimmer stares off into the distance, taking in this information as she secretly listens in behind their side of the sofa, away from their view. "Thanks Del. Now go home to your wife. Say hi to Allison for me." he responds before standing up and looking around at his new hotel's pool party. Katniss looks on in disbelief as she sees another waitress hand him an empty champagne glass and point over to her. In a fit of panic, she throws the bottle in the pool as she rolls off of the platform and into the water. Peeta reaches it and looks confused as she makes a big splash. Gloss gives the empty platform a puzzled look as he stops blowing bubbles, before they see a mermaid tail swim along to the opposite side of the pool. "Hey, do you remember a guy named Peeta Mellark when we worked at the yacht club? He was like a member, or-" "The jerk you had a monster crush on?" Johanna interjects. Katniss squeezes the water out of her hair as she waddles beside her best friend, "I didn't have a monster crush on him." "We talking about the same guy here?" Johanna asks, rolling her eyes before deciding to tease her further, "You had a magical kiss." "Who'd you have a magical kiss with?" another waitress, Clove, asks. Katniss throws back her head in exasperation, "No one. I was young, it was nothing." The bartender interrupts their conversation, "Hey, I need someone to run champagne to cabana 4, ASAP." "I got it!" Katniss says in a desperate attempt to get away before giving Johanna a fake smile and waddling away. "I'll hand out glasses." she hears someone say as she refills glasses of champagne. Turning around to thank them, she sees that it's Peeta and tries to ignore him as best she can. "You look familiar." he says as he looks her over. Katniss shakes her head, "Really? Hmm, I'm not sure-" "No, I really think we've met." Peeta says. Katniss hums in annoyance, "Yeah, I usually wear clamshells." She says jokingly in a monotone voice, referring to her mermaid inspired brallete. "Oh, the strip club on Biscayne?" Katniss' face burns as she glares at him, "Jerk." Just then, Glimmer begins to tap her champagne glass with a fork, signaling a toast. "Please. A toast. To my husband." Many awe at her words as they go to share a kiss. Katniss watches on as people begin to clap around them. Delly Alver (Peeta's sister, married, doctor) , takes off her shoes after entering her home. At the sound of moaning, she begins to walk toward her bedroom. She smiles, thinking she knows what her wife is up to, but gasps at the sight that beholds her once she opens their bedroom door. "Delly!" her wife, Allison yells. After turning on her bedside lamp, Katniss turns on her phone. Clock reading 4:22 AM. Katniss : I'm home. In bed. (4:23 AM) Gale : Phone sex? (4:23 AM) Katniss : Prim's sleeping in here tonight. (4:23 AM) Gale : Soundly? (4:23 AM) Katniss : Ew. (4:23 AM) Katniss : So… I called the new hotel owner a jerk tonight. (4:23 AM) Gale : WHAT? Why? (4:23 AM) Katniss : Long story. (4:23 AM) Gale : Get some sleep. You have to be up in 3 hours. (4:23 AM) Gale : You have a 9am doctor's appointment and class at 12. (4:23 AM) Gale : Enjoying your calendar by the way. (4:24 AM) Katniss : Love you. (4:24 AM) Gale : You too. (4:24 AM) Turning off her phone, she sets it back down on her bedside table before turning off her light. That morning she wakes up at 7:00 AM. Delly wipes her tear-stained face with a tissue, taking deep breaths. After calming herself down, she leaves her office. "Oh, there you are Dr. Alver. You're running a little behind." a nurse informs her. "Remember, you're covering for Dr. Peters. You have an insemination in Room Seven and a pap in Room Eight." Delly's phone rings, and she goes to check it. Upon seeing her wife Allison's name on the screen, she turns it off and returns it to her pocket. "Um, yeah, insemination and a pap. I got it." The nurse offers to help her, but Delly just takes the tray with the contents needed for Room Seven as her phone rings again. This time she answers. "Delly, I messed up. I messed up. I love you. I'm a screwed up person. She means nothing to me, I swear. I don't even care-" Tears welling up in her eyes, she hangs up her phone before proceeding to enter Room Eight, grabbing the patients' folder on her way in. "Nice to meet you Miss Everdeen. Are you ready for your insemination?" Delly asks before slamming the door shut behind her. Katniss' snoring ceases and she wakes up, "Huh? Oh, hi, yes. I'm sorry. I'm a little tired. I'm Katniss. . . I usually see Dr. Peters?" "Oh, I'll be filling in for her while she's on her. . ." she feels herself start to choke up, "honeymoon. . . Anyway, I'm Dr. Alver." Seeing the woman start to get upset, Katniss starts to feel uncomfortable. "Are you okay?" Delly plasters on a fake smile, "Oh, yeah. I'm fine. Um. . . can you. . . can you