The rattling of medical tools falling to the ground brings Nico out of the daydream he was having a mere seconds ago, staring out of the window in the infirmary, waiting for Will to finish his shift and go to the bonfire with him. Will loses a couple curses under his breath and crouches down to clean the fallen things with a sigh. He puts them back on the shelf and Nico watches him open the water tap to wash his hands with such force the water goes flying everywhere. Nico snickers good-naturedly. When he's done, Will smiles at Nico and walks up to where he's sitting on one of the beds. 'Ready to go?' Nico jumps. 'Ready to go.' When they walk outside, the sun is already gone, but there's still this little glow in the dark sky. Like the sun isn't ready to say goodnight just yet. They walk silently, their hands brushing occasionally (Nico likes to pretend it's deliberate) and every time they do, his breath hitches in his throat. Sometimes Nico imagines what it would be like to reach out and take Will's hand in his own, imagines Will's reaction. Images like that engulf him with a feeling of peace and serenity, but he can't ignore the underlying pain because he knows it's all in his head. And nights like this, where the world is quiet and it feels like nothing can go wrong, inforce these images to the point where he can almost believe it could be real. Nico would be happy to stay like that, walking and having the stars fill up the quiet, but he doesn't and instead he looks up into Will's eyes and says: 'So, what's up.' Will looks down at him and smiles, which only proves Nico's feeling that something's wrong with Will, because, although it's still Will's beautiful smile, it's laced with something else. 'Nothing. What about you?' 'I'm fine. You're not, though.' 'What do you mean?' 'Something's bothering you and I'm asking you what it is.' 'Nothing's bothering me. I don't know what you're so worried about.' Nico stops them from walking. From where they're standing they can hear the bright chatter and laughter of the other campers, but it's not loud enough to break the serene peace that's settled over them. Nico raises his eyebrows. 'So, you've been bumping into things and dropping stuff all day just like that? I'm not an idiot, Solace.' Will only shrugs, but Nico notices he doesn't catch his eye, instead looking just over Nico's head. 'I'm clumsy.' 'You're not clumsy. I don't think I've ever seen you drop anything in the infirmary, unless you're really mad.' Will shrugs again. He doesn't say anything. 'If you don't want to tell me what's wrong, I won't force you. But please, don't pretend to be fine. You're always saying I shouldn't keep everything inside, why don't you follow your own advice.' Will bites his lip, something that drives Nico crazy, and taps his hand against his leg. He looks nervous, but Nico can't think of anything he could be nervous about. He keeps looking at Will expecting something. 'What are you doing for Christmas?', is not what he was expecting, though. 'I – what?' 'What are you doing for Christmas?', Will repeats after finally looking him in the eyes, the blue more of a silver in the dark. 'I mean, are you celebrating with Hazel or I don't know. It's just – I'm going home for a couple days and my mom asked me to bring you and I told her I'd ask you, but you really don't have to. I know it's a lot, my whole family will be there. My grandparents and some cousins. And I don't know if you feel ready for all that. I'm just – ' 'Solace, Will, calm down.', Nico interrupts. He inhales and exhales deeply. Then he says: 'Start over, but at a normal speed this time, okay?' Will chuckles and leads them to a big rock where he sits down. Nico does the same thing. 'You know I'm going home for the holidays, right?' Nico nods. He does know and, to be completely honest he's kind of dreading that moment. Of course, he wants Will to go see his family, but he's scared that he'll miss him too much. Not that he would ever admit it, but Will is one of the only things keeping him sane on the darkest of days. 'Well, I talked to my mom earlier and she asked me if I didn't want to bring you along. Now, you know you can say no, if you don't feel comfortable. I would totally understand, because everyone's going to be there and I don't know. But I'd like if you came and my mom would too.', he brings a hand through his hair and there's a twinge of pink on his cheeks, 'She's heard a lot about you.', he finishes softly, the corner of his lips tugged up into a small smile. Nico doesn't know what to say. He has no idea of what to say. Will is inviting him to meet his family, to meet his mother who means so much to him and who's judgement he values. A fuzzy feeling spreads through his body at the thought of Will telling his mother about him, but it's soon washed away when he realizes that she's probably expecting some nice boy, who smiles easily, who's happy and gives her son no reason to be worried all the time. She's probably expecting a sunny boy, not a boy with darkness living inside him. She fell in love with the sun god, what would she think about the son of a the god of death ? She won't like him and what would happen then. Will loves his mother and respects her judgement and he'll probably realize that whatever it is that his mother's deems wrong with Nico is totally true. What if he realizes he deserves better? What then? Nico wouldn't survive that, he's sure. Now that he's had a taste of what it feels like to be surrounded by light, he doesn't ever want to disappear into the shadows again. Except he doesn't say that. All he says is: 'I don't know.' Will nods. 'It's okay if you say no, really. I don't want to pressure you into anything.' Nico looks down and fiddles with his fingers in his lap. 'I mean, Hazel suggested I go down to camp Jupiter anyway.' Will nods. 'And, I mean, I don't know if it would be a good idea, anyway.' Will raises his eyebrows. 'Why not?' 'Yeah, I don't know, I just don't think it would be a good idea.' Nico realizes he doesn't sound very convincing without giving a real reason, but he doesn't want to say what's really bothering him. Will chuckles sweetly. 'Now you're the one not telling me what's really wrong.' Nico sighs. He knows there's no use trying to trick Will; he's always been able to see right through him. 'Are you even sure you want me to go?', he mutters. Will scrunches his eyebrows. 'What? Of course I want you to go! Are you kidding?' 'No, I'm not! Have you seen me? Do you really think your family is going to like me, Will? I'm sure they're all as sunny as you are and what will they say when they see me arrive?' 'That you're cute and seem nice? Besides, I'm pretty sure I have a punk cousin. He even rides a motorcycle and wears a leather jacket and everyone's cool with it.' ' Will.' When he hears the seriousness in Nico's voice, he turns around to properly look Nico in the eye. 'Nico, listen to me. You're one of my best friends, okay? And I think I've made it pretty clear that I would like it to stay that way. You know that, don't you?' Nico reluctantly nods. 'So, I see no reason why my family wouldn't like you. You're my friend so they'll automatically like you.' 'I'm not exactly the kind of friend you want to take home, Will. I know that. Why were you so nervous about asking me to come then? Because you were afraid I'd say yes.' Will rolls his eyes. 'That is the single most ridiculous thing I have ever heard. And I'm friends with Cecil, so that's saying a lot. Look, Nico, I want you to come with. If you don't, then that's fine. But please don't say no because you think I don't want you to.' And Nico doesn't even know why he's nodding, but suddenly it's there. He can imagine spending Christmas the way it should be celebrated, surrounded by a warm and happy family. With his warm and happy best friend. He's kind of curious to see Will when he's around the people who probably know him better than anyone. 'I'll go with you.' 'Really?', and the smile Will gives him is proof enough that he wants him there. So, here he is now: packing a bag to take with him to meet Will's family. He's a little nervous. Scratch that; he's really nervous. He's not sure Will realizes how much this means to Nico, how this feels like Will is accepting Nico for who he is, enough to introduce him to his family, the people who've known Will since he was a little kid, who probably know more about him than anyone, even if those things are small and insignificant, they shaped Will and made him who he is now. These people were part of Will's childhood and probably influenced him in many different ways. He knows that's what family does; they influence you and are part of you even when you're not aware of it. Nico realizes, now that his family isn't here anymore, they are still inside him. In the way he catches himself making a specific gesture in a window and is transported back to his childhood, back to Venice and his mother who used to do the same thing, who used to do make that particular gesture and it hurts him to know that he picked it up along the way and that it's still inside him, that his mother is still inside him. He notices it in the way he automatically avoids peanuts because Bianca was allergic to them, even though he might actually like them; he never thought of eating some because they were deadly to his sister. In the way he talks sometimes, that's so similar to how they used to talk. He wonders if these things only occur to him because he doesn't have his mother and sister anymore. He wonders if things like this occur to Will. That way he might actually understand why Nico sees this as something big. So, he's meeting Will's family. His friend's family. Don't people do this all the time? Having sleepovers and going over to dinner at their friends' houses? So maybe it isn't really that big of a deal. It is for Nico though. Because they may technically be friends, that doesn't mean Nico doesn't want more. That doesn't mean he wouldn't mind holding Will's hand maybe. Kissing his cheeks, kissing his lips,… He definitely wouldn't mind, even if his cheeks are flaming red only thinking about it. Will had told Nico he was bisexual a couple months ago. He hadn't known what it meant back then. The only thing he knew was the way the simple love two people of the same gender shared, used to be treated as something disgusting and the opposite of love back in Italy, (the first time he had seen two guys holding hands in public and kissing each other's cheek, looking so obviously in love , after getting out of the casino, he nearly started crying right there. He just couldn't believe how they were able to do that and how people barely noticed and didn't even