Will Solace decided he had enough of the gods using demigods as toys to be played with whenever they were bored. He kind of wanted to go up to Olympus and yell at them, although he didn't think he would be received well if he did. Not that he had time to do that now, anyway, seen as he had to take care of a toddler. A toddler with dark hair and big dark eyes the color of melted chocolate. A toddler that was also his boyfriend, or what used to be his boyfriend, anyway. A grown boy (although he hadn't exactly grown that much and still perfectly fit into Will's arms. When the world felt a little too big, a little too much, Will's arms were grounding and warm and safe ) that talked easily and with full sentences. This kid was very, very small and did not speak full sentences. Well, fortunately Will had always been good with kids and with all the work in the infirmary he knew how to stay calm under extreme circumstances, which lead him to not freak out this morning. This morning Will woke up to the laughter, groans and chatter of his siblings in the Apollo cabin. Every morning there felt like a new beginning and there was no room for morning grumpiness, which wasn't exactly surprising when you put a group of children of the sun god together. The bright smiles and personalities chased whatever bad feelings you're having away. And so, Will got ready that morning, happily joining when his siblings broke into an impromptu singalong/dance-party. He got dressed, brushed his teeth, quickly raked a hand through his messy hair, stepped into the bright sunlight. He was still humming when he knocked on his boyfriend's cabin door. When he got no response, he assumed Nico was still in the shower or something so he decided to head over to get breakfast and save a seat for Nico. But then he heard a noise coming from inside that sounded a lot like a sob. 'Nico?', Will called, but he got no response. Now, he was sure he hadn't imagined the sound. It happened again. He carefully put a hand on the knob and pushed the door open. He peeked his head inside and at first he didn't see anything different, he didn't even see Nico in the dark. He squinted his eyes and after a couple second they adjusted to the darkness and he was able to make out a figure bundled in the blankets and sitting far in the corner of the bed that was pushed against a wall, knees pulled up and letting out heartbreaking sobs. Will had heard Nico cry, though, and although it was heartbreaking, it wasn't the same as this. Will stepped closer to the bed. The floor squeaked and the boy looked up with wide eyes. Eyes as big and beautiful and the exact same shade of magical brown as Nico's. Will inhaled sharply when he noticed that, yes, his eyes were the same – he would recognize those eyes even in the dark – but this boy was decidedly not Nico. Or, at least, not the Nico Will knew and loved. This boy must be around three or four years old. How Nico had turned into a three-year old overnight, was something that Will did not comprehend and it made his head spin with such force he thought it might fall off. But, as mentioned earlier, all the years Will had spent working in the infirmary, had given him the ability to act quickly and be surprised later. So, he sat down on the edge of the bed while three-year-old-Nico still looked at him with wide eyes. He held out his hand and kept his gaze gently on the boy in front of him. 'Nico?', he tentatively asked, keeping his voice down, gentle and soft, the way he talked when he welcomed new campers and the way he had talked after his mother went into labor and a few hours later he had held a little girl with brown hair and the same blue eyes as Will. The boy's bottom lip wobbled at Will's voice and Will's heart broke. The boy was so clearly scared and the tears that escaped the corner of his eyes, accompanied by the little whimpers that left his mouth made Will's chest feel tight. He promised himself that he would keep this little boy safe and would do anything to not hear those sobs again. Will had always been a man of his word. He considered breaking a promise one of the best ways to ruin a friendship. But this promise affected him more than others for some reason. 'Hey, Nico', he said, again. 'That's your name, right? Nico.' Nico looked at him without saying anything, but nodded after a while. 'My name's Will.' Nico nodded again, like he knew. Did he know? Will wondered if Nico had turned into a toddler, but still had all the memories that normal Nico had, or if he had transformed back to the Nico he had been at three. Because if it was the second one, everything got more complicated. But Will wasn't that concerned, Nico hadn't called for his mother yet and Will hoped he wouldn't. There was nothing he could do about that. Will held out his hand and hesitantly took Nico's hand, gently. Nico didn't react for a moment and Will waited patiently, a small smile on his face. And after a while, Nico's hand squeezed Will's and held it tight. Will smiled brightly and Nico actually returned it, as small and shy as it was. And now, he was talking to Chiron with Nico sitting on his lap. Will had carefully brought him here, going out of his way to cross as less people as possible; he doubted it would be a good idea to just walk into camp with a toddler in his arms that suspiciously looked like Nico di Angelo. At least not if he wanted to keep Nico calm. He had scooped Nico into his arms and the boy had refused to let him go since then. Will didn't mind; Nico wasn't heavy at all and, really, he found it incredibly endearing the way Nico clung to him and showed affection the way he only did if it involved eye-rolls and exaggerated grunts and sights normally. 'You just found him like this?' 'Yes, I heard sobs coming from inside Cabin 13 and Nico didn't answer when I knocked, so I went in and he was just sitting there, crying.' Chiron was silent for a moment, clearly lost in thought. After a while, he looked up. 'And you're certain this is Nico di Angelo?' 'One hundred percent.' And it was true. Will was certain that this was Nico. He didn't know what it was exactly, that made him so sure, apart from the fact that he looked the same but smaller. He just had some kind of aura that screamed NICO to Will, he couldn't really describe it. He also bit his lip, something Nico did a lot and something Will had definitely noticed a lot and which this kid, too, did a lot. There was no doubt about the fact that this was his boyfriend, Will just wanted to know why, how long it would last and how it happened. It reeked of a god's work, but the question was more which god and why and what they could do to stop it. 'Okay, well, I'll have to try and communicate with Olympus one way or another. You just stay here. I think it's best if we try to find out if we can undo this before letting everyone know what's going on.' Will nodded and the centaur left the room. They were in the big house, in a room that wasn't normally used by campers, but reserved for things Chiron thought were better handled in private, like situations like this apparently. Nico on his lap was growing fidgety and Will suspected it was time for him to move or something as little kids had lots of energy. 'Hey', Will said. 'you wanna play a game?' Nico nodded enthusiastically. So, they played hide-and-seek for a while, but the room wasn't that big and they quickly ran out of places to hide. So, Will started playing with the light. He moved it around, created little storied by shining pieces of it on the wall until they turned into little people, turned into little stories. He made it so Nico was the only thing illuminated in the room and all the rest was dark. He turned the light around Nico so fast he couldn't keep up and he tried to catch it, only he ended up emptyhanded and when he looked at Will questioningly, the latter shrugged and hold up his hands. The little boy squinted his eyes suspiciously, but didn't say anything. Nico loved it. Will could see it in his eyes, the way they moved and followed the light, the way his eyes shined with wonder and awe and interest. How he laughed, so joyful. Will had always found the laugh of little kids wonderful. Hypnotizing, almost. Because it was just so pure, it was a true laugh, nothing behind it. They hadn't learned to be polite yet and to laugh when they thought they had to. They didn't know how much you could twist a laugh and turn it into something ugly and painful, how a laugh could become the opposite of what it should be. No, all a little kid did was express joy. Nothing less, nothing more. Just what it should be. And that's why Will loved it. Pared with the fact that it was Nico who laughed and Will also loved Nico's laugh very much, the two combined made his heart swell the size of Mount Olympus or even bigger. It wasn't long before Chiron came back. 'It was Hera, which is not surprising. Apparently Nico said something to offend her, could be anything, really, so she cursed him. Naturally', he says, the last part sarcastically. 'It should wear off in a couple of days. I talked to the other campers so they know about the situation and won't be too intense on Nico, I hope. Can you try to take care of him, Will? I'm certain you'll do a great job. The infirmary can survive without you for a couple of day.' 'Yes, sir.', Will answered quickly. There was no way he trusted anyone else to take care of Nico, he would do it himself. And of course it would be Hera. As if she hadn't done enough damage already. Gods, he wanted to yell at her, tell her to stop acting like a spoiled child. She may be the queen of the gods, did that mean she could just get away with everything and make the life of half-bloods miserable? Didn't she have anything else to do, anyway? Like being queen of the gods. Certainly that came with obligations or something, anything to keep her busy. Will turned to Nico whose stomach growled. He had completely forgotten about food, but of course Nico would be hungry. Being too preoccupied, he hadn't noticed it, but he was actually quite hungry himself. He didn't know how late it was, but he suspected it to be around lunchtime. The prospect of facing the whole camp was a little terrifying. They wouldn't freak out necessarily; they'd seen more bizarre things for sure. He was just scared Nico wouldn't be able to handle the pressure and the noise. Grown Nico shut down sometimes, when there was too much noise or too many people. He didn't know how to handle it and that resulted in a bit of a panic attack. He'd gotten used to it now, but Will doubted his younger version would be the same. But then again, keeping him hidden wasn't exactly