Dark, dark, black and he thinks oh no because he's back and he can't fucking believe it. Percy's alone this time though and, once again, he thinks Annabeth is the only thing keeping him sane. He can't escape this thing without her, he's certain. He has to drink fire again and then the monsters start attacking him. Everything's evil in this place. This place without light, without life, laughter or joy. It's hell. The monsters, there are too many of them, he can't fight them all. Especially without his powers, because there's no water near. Of course not, that would be too easy. Too fucking easy. His arms are already getting tired, he can't do this, he feels something stabbing his leg and it doesn't just hurt. It's as if his leg is being set on fire, but also freezing to the point when he thinks it's going to fall off. The pain's excruciating and that doesn't even cover what he's feeling. Never has he ever felt pain like that. Except that he did. He feels pain like that every night, every time he closes his eyes and slowly drifts into sleep. If you can even call it sleep at all. It's more of a spiral leading to only horrors and the worst memories somehow made even worse than they were in real life. He's alone, alone, alone… He screams. Then he's being shook and a voice is calling his name. He looks up, but all he sees is his blood and the horrible things above him. The voice keeps calling him, more urgent now. He forces himself to do something and he manages to open his eyes. The darkness is replaced by grey. He's awake and Annabeth is still repeating his name and tears are streaming down her face. She's whispering his name over and over again. Percy, Percy, Percy… It was all a dream. A dream that can be chased away by Annabeth. He sits up, his whole body bathing in sweat. He looks at Annabeth and takes her in her arms. He remembers how alone he had felt. Alone in Tartarus without Annabeth. He was crying without knowing when he started. Probably while he was still sleeping. She buries her face in his chest, her breathing racing way too fast. ' It's okay, Percy', she says, softly. 'We don't have to go back there. We don't ever have to go back.' And he nods along to her words. They don't have to go back. It's all over. The nightmares are terrible, but when they wake up, they have each other to fall back on. Each other to remind them that they're alive, together. Together nothing is too hard. Together. This is a nightmare he can't wake up from. Annabeth is gone for good and opening his eyes won't make her reappear. Hs nightmares and real life wave into each other until he can't tell them apart. Until he doesn't know which one is worse. If being awake and being without her hurts more or if losing her again at night does more damage. It doesn't really matter. They're both terrible. He thinks of her always. He can't shut of his thoughts. Filled with images of her alive and her dead body lurking behind his eyelids, waiting for him to close his eyes before coming out and taking over his vision. He sees the blow hitting her and her body flying through the night, blood pouring out of her chest, her face twisted in surprise. Not pain, not yet. When she hits the ground he can hear her skull cracking mixed with her cries of pain. In his dreams he can't get to her and has to see her suffer from a distance with no way to help her. In his dreams it's just the two of them and no one that comes to her rescue. Not even him. In his dreams he sees her being blown away in slow motion. An image that might have been beautiful if the circumstances weren't the same. She kind of looks like an angel, her golden locks flying around her head like a halo. When it actually happened though, everything went way too fast. He barely had time to register the moment she got hit, barely time to see her flashing in front of her eyes. He certainly wasn't able to hear her hit the ground, there had been too much noise all around. And when he got to her, it was too late. Her eyes were open, but lifeless. The grey that had always made him think of a hurricane, was now more like a simple cloud, drifting away to rain out somewhere else. Elysium most likely. And the times he dreams about her alive, are maybe even worse. He'll dream about them laughing together, or about her swatting his arm, repressing a grin after he said something stupid. And he'll feel happy for a while, like nothing changed and she's still here, until he wakes up. He'll wake up and realize that, once again, he had been dreaming and that she's gone and that he has to go through the day with that knowledge and he's not sure if he can. He's living a nightmare he can't wake up from. They're walking down the beach. The sun is slowly setting in the distance and the sky is filled with an assortment of beautiful colours. There's no one else there except for some other couple, too preoccupied by each other's lips to notice anything else happening around them. Percy and Annabeth are talking about memories they shared. They're laughing and having a good time, just enjoying being with each other on one of the most romantic settings there are. Percy says something. Annabeth rolls her eyes, but smiles anyway. Suddenly he puts his hands on her hips and pulls her closer. She has to look up to look him in the eye. A hurricane and the sea. Their noses are touching and then she presses their lips together. It's brief and sweet. He's smiling and her eyes are glistening. She mouths an I love you, Seaweed Brain and he whispers 'I love you, too.' The moment's perfectly sweet and romantic. Something from an old-fashioned movie. And even though Percy can be romantic at times, he's not one for old-fashioned movie romance. All of a sudden a jet of salty seawater is being poured over them. Annabeth jumps back with a yelp and sends him a scolding look while Percy just laughs at her stunned face. He, of course, stayed dry. Annabeth on the other hand, is dripping. Her clothes cling to her body and Percy can see her blue bra through her white shirt. When she notices him looking, she sends him another look. This one more aggressive than the previous one. It's clear that she's not amused. He tries to conjure a serious expression and manages to a certain degree. His mouth is set straight, his eyes, however, are still full of laughter. 'I'm sorry', he says, trying to keep a straight face. 'You know that – sometimes it's hard for me to – to control my powers. It was an accident.' He can't suppress the choked laugh hiding in his chest. ' Sure, Percy. I'm sure it was just an accident.', she answers. Her voice filled with sarcasm. He tries to take her wrists to pull her to him again, but she doesn't let him. 'I'm not kissing you again. I'm all wet and I smell like salt. Wouldn't want that to rub off on you now, do we?. Not when you're all dry and clean.' She starts walking away from him, annoyance still clear in her eyes. But suddenly, all around her, heart-shaped drops of water rain down, not touching her, though. Before she has time to register it all, the hearts are accompanied by I'm sorry s and I love you s Immediately her face lights up. She looks at the water around her and then at Percy. Her eyes are shining and she's smiling while shaking her head. 'You're such an idiot!', she exclaims, but the words are full of love. She walks to where he's standing and crashes their lips together with such force Percy actually stumbles backwards and lets himself fall on the sand. He kisses her back and opens their lips to let their tongues explore the rest. The water pipes explode. The waves crash to the shore aggressively, making it impossibly dangerous for people to swim in the sea. The fountains flood. The city has never known as much water damage as the last few weeks have brought them. The people simply believe it to be a rough summer. It's getting out of hand. He regularly puts other people in danger. He'd be walking somewhere and see a girl with long blonde hair. A for a second, for a split second he'd think it's Annabeth. Until he looks closer and realize she's taller than Annabeth was and that it's not the right shade of blonde anyway. But that glimmer of hope, that split second he thought he dreamed everything and Annabeth is just there, brings out so much disappointment and frustration, that it feels like losing her all over again. And if losing her once is torture, then he can't even describe how it feel to lose her not twice, but multiple times a day. It's hell. It's fucking hell. When Annabeth died, she took a chunk of his heart with her. And every time that glimmer of hope comes crashing down, another piece of his heart breaks until it's barely a heart anymore. But something that used to be glorious and died overtime. Now, all that's left is heartbreak and pain. He thinks of her all the time. She's always there. He thought she was always on his mind when she was still alive, but it's nothing compared to this. He's unable to meet people she knew, because it floods him with memories. Walking around town is nearly impossible. He's been almost everywhere with her and going there again without her, is too hard. Any couple showing affection, olives, beautiful buildings she would've loved, anything grey, baseball caps and anything Yankees. Everything reminds him of her. He doesn't know how to deal with these feelings, so they translate into his powers. He's like a broken lightbulb, lighting brightly at the most unexpected of moments, suddenly, violently, without any kind of warning. Flooding the world, not in light, but in water. He can't bring himself to care. That part of him, like any good part, is gone with Annabeth. Percy comes home, smiling brightly. Sally's in the kitchen making some kind of food. Percy goes up to her and kisses her on the cheek, looking down to see what she's making. ' Hey mom', he says. 'what's that?' ' HI, honey. Just some pasta.' ' Can you make it bleu?' She laughs. 'I can try. Sure.' He sits at one of the chairs around the table. He can't stop grinning thinking about what happened today. Sally notices of course. ' What's got you all happy?' Percy shrugs. 'Nothing.' She doesn't believe him. ' C'mon, tell me!', she points at him with the spoon she's holding. Percy stands up and laughs. 'No, I'm not telling you.' ' And why not?' ' Because you're my mother and I'm not talking to you about this. That's too embarrassing.' She puts her hand on her heart, trying to look hurt, but her eyes are shining and betray her joy. 'Please, you used to tell me everything when you were little. The things I know about you are way more embarrassing than whatever it is you're hiding from me.' ' I'm not embarrassed by what happened. I'm embarrassed talking to you about it. And I'm not hiding anything from you. I'm just not telling.' ' That's basically the definition of hiding!', she says, putting the spoon