'I still don't understand why I can't just shadow-travel us there. It's so much easier.', Nico groaned, waiting in line to get onto the airplane. Will was standing next to him with a stupid grin plastered on his face. His golden curls were moving up and down. He hadn't been able to sit still all day long. He turned to face Nico and his blue eyes glimmered with excitement. 'Because I'm a child of the sun-god. So obviously shadows are bad for my energy. Yours too for that matter. And I want to be in top form for our trip. We can't risk one of us fainting suddenly and ruining everything. I want this to be perfect.' 'Yeah, yeah.', Nico waved him off. Will had a point and they already had this conversation and they had both decided it would be better to go by plane. That didn't stop Nico from being nervous, though. He had never flown a plane before, mostly because he'd been born in a time people didn't actually do that, but also because of his relationship with Zeus. 'I know. I'm just nervous, I guess.' 'I know you are.', Will put his arm around Nico's shoulder and pulled him close to him. He pulled him in a hug and put his head on top of Nico's black hair. 'It's not as scary as you think, though. It'll be alright.' Nico let himself get lost in the warmth of Will's arms and the way Will smelled. He smelled like spring and sunlight and summer rain after a hot day and Will. It was a smell he would forever associate with safety and happiness. He found it crazy to think how being in Will's arms could calm all his fears and make him feel like nothing could go wrong. The line moved and Will let Nico go so they were able to move. It didn't take long for them to be able to enter the plane. They had seats somewhere in the middle. There was one seat left next to the aisle, but it stayed unoccupied which Nico was very thankful for. It was bad enough to fly, he didn't need some stranger sitting far too close to him. Will was seated next to the window. Nico took a deep breath and tried to calm down by looking at the boy next to him. Will was excitedly looking around. His eyes scanned the plane and then he started carefully reading the instructions on the seat in front of them. Nico rolled his eyes. Of course Will would read those. He was probably the only one on the whole plane who did. 'Don't roll your eyes, Sunshine', Will said without taking his eyes of the text in front of him. 'This is important information. They don't put it there for nothing. You should read it too.' He glanced at Nico side-ways, his eyes serious. 'I don't think so. Have you seen how much it is?' Nico's dyslexia wasn't nearly as bad as… say Percy's, for example, but it was still there. And he tried avoiding reading when he didn't have to. 'Well, you're lucky I'm here then. To help you when you feel sick, or if something goes wrong with the plane.' 'Yeah, what would I do without you?', Nico answered, his voice laced with a slight tremble. Will heard the concern in his voice and looked up. He put his hand on Nico's leg and squeezed lightly. 'Hey, I didn't realize you were this scared. Are you okay?' Nico felt pathetic. The plane hadn't even started yet and he was already trembling. 'I don't really know. You know my relationship with Zeus is kind of complicated. The sky's his territory. I don't feel entirely comfortable going there.' Understanding lit up in Will's eyes. He took Nico's hand and moved his fingers in circles. He knew Nico found this soothing. Will had once told him he liked to write down word sometimes. He wrote things like I love you or It's fine or You're an idiot, I still like you though. And whenever Nico tried to calm down, he tried to decipher Will's messages. Sometimes he succeeded, sometimes he didn't. He thought Will was writing It's okay now. 'I don't think you know the whole story.', he took a deep breath. He never told Will the story of his mother's death. He thought maybe he knew, but he never even mentioned it when they were talking about flying, so Nico thought he probably didn't. 'Zeus killed my mother. We're not really the best of friends.', he finally said bitterly. Will eyebrows scrunched together and squeezed Nico's hand. 'No, I – I didn't know that. Why didn't you say anything. We could've found a solution.' Nico shook his head and forced a smile. He turned his head and looked eyes with his beautiful, concerned boyfriend. 'It's okay. I made peace with it. I'm fine.' 'You're not fine, darling. You don't have to pretend to be.' He pulled the armrest that separated them up and pulled Nico in. Nico rested his head on Will's chest and Will wrapped his arms around Nico, whispered soothing words into his hair. Nico was able to calm down and convinced himself he could survive the flight as long as Will kept doing what he was doing. They stayed like that for a while until they were far up in the sky and Will got excited about flying through the clouds. 'Look, Nico! It's amazing. We're going through the clouds.', he screamed, looking out the window and bouncing up and down like a child. 'I can't believe I'm the one who has never flown a plane.', Nico commented with an amused expression. He liked the way Will got excited over little things. Not that he'd ever admit it. He just watched him, smiling and forgetting about his fears and insecurities for a moment. Because, how could anything go wrong with this literal ball of sunshine next to him? The rest of the flight went relatively well. Every time the plane moved a little bit, Nico jumped and took Will's sleeve and Will would smile and comfort him until Nico fell asleep on Will's shoulder. He woke up a couple of hours later by Will shaking him. 'We're almost there, Nico. We're going to land in a few minutes.', he quietly said. Nico opened his eyes and looked around disoriented. It took him a while to remember where he was exactly, the surroundings weren't familiar. He sat up and rubbed the sleep out of his eyes. He suppressed a yawn and looked at Will. 'Did you let me sleep on your shoulder the whole flight? Why didn't you just push me off, your arm must be stiff.' Will blushed. 'I didn't mind. You looked so peaceful asleep, I didn't want to disturb you.' At these words, Nico blushed too. They were so lame. After three years of being together they still blushed over the smallest things. It drove Nico insane. At least that's what he made people think. Secretly, he loved it and kind of hoped it would never stop. He liked the thought of Will making him feel like this for the rest of their lives. It filled him with so much joy. The stewardess told them they were about to land and that they had to put their seatbelt on. The plane slowly made its way down and it was the scariest thing Nico had ever lived. He may have been exaggerating a little bit, but it was definitely worse than going up. His stomach clenched, his ears buzzed and his whole body felt like it was about to be sucked out of the plane and dragged down where it would be splashed open on the ground and he would die. He took Will's hand and squeezed. Will squeezed back and smiled at him. Nico tried to focus on the feeling of Will's hand in his to forget the uneasy feeling in his stomach. He wondered if he felt every movement the plane made more clearly than everyone else because Zeus didn't want him there, or just because he had a weak stomach. He suspected the first. If you can live on pomegranate seeds for weeks, you can handle anything. Eventually the plane landed and Nico was released from this nightmare. He actually started laughing out loud when the wheels hit the ground. Will looked at him with a funny expression. 'We're alive!', he told Will, still laughing. Will laughed too at that and they quickly became a giggling mess. Some people looked at them like they wanted to join in, but didn't know what was so funny. Nico barely noticed them. He just took Will's face in his hands and kissed him. Will made a surprised noise in the back of his throat. Nico was still a little taken aback by public display of affection. He was raised with the idea that holding hands was a big deal. So two guys kissing in public, would have been some sort of crime. But at the moment Nico didn't care about the people around them. Some part of him had really thought they would die, even if he didn't let that part consume his thoughts and had tried to push it down. But it had been there and now he let it out, happily. They got out of the plane. The night was dark and thick with warmth. It weighted down on them like a nice blanket. The stars were shining brightly and the moon was golden and standing high up in the sky. This was Venice and for a second Nico was glad they didn't shadow-travel here, just to have that moment where you step out of a plane and feel the change in weather and temperature. When you see the lights of the airport in front of you. When you feel the wind in your hair when you stand up the ladder and you feel on top of the world. Maybe it was the adrenaline of the not-dying that made Nico feel this way, but he felt invincible. He took Will's hand and descended the stairs. They went to get their luggage and find the hotel they stayed in. They were too tired to go eat something good so they settled with the commercial food from the restaurant in the hotel. They laughed and talked the whole night. Their vacation had already started. It only took them two hours to forget about the world and disappear in their own world that belonged to the two of them and no one else. They went to bed cuddling, tired of their long flight and with the prospect of tomorrow to dream about. When Nico woke up the next morning, the first thing he thought was that he didn't want to move from Will's arms. Then he remembered that they were in Venice and sat up. He rubbed his eyes and turned his head to look at Will still sleeping on the bed next to him. A ray of sunlight came through a crack in the curtains and lit up Will's hair. The gold of his hair already gave of some kind of light, but the sun only intensified that. And as a contrast with the white sheets under him, it created some kind of halo. He looked like an angel. He planted a kiss on his collarbone and moved down to his chest. Will stirred and Nico brushed their lips together. Will opened his eyes. 'If I knew this is how you'd wake me up, I would never get up early.' Nico snickered and kissed him, deeper this time and longer. Will turned them around so that he was on top and Nico moaned, but Will pulled back. 'C'mon, Sunshine, we have a city to take over and hot Italians to spot.' Nico rolled his eyes and got out of bed. They quickly got dressed and