Hey everyone! This is my first fan fiction, and the first time since high school that I've written anything! Thought I would give it a go. I always liked writing, it's soothing and was used as an outlet. I've also written this on my phone and am completely new to this, so there are no line breaks, sorry. CHAPTER 1 Edward put his arm lightly around my shoulders and ever so gently planted a swift, chaste kiss on my temple. I tried not to let my grimace show, and it came out as a shiver. Edward thinking I was cold, removed his arm from my shoulders. I almost thought I got away with being able to hide my distaste for my 'fiancé', since I and all the Cullen's were watching a movie on the plush couches in the lounge room, until I chanced a quick glance around the room, almost immediately locking eyes with Jasper, with a smirk firmly placed on his lips. Damn it! Of course he felt me. And he thought it was funny! I made sure he felt my annoyance and shot him a quick 'can it!' look with my eyes. I was glad we had become friends over the last couple months. After I came back from saving Edward in Italy, I made it quite clear to the Cullen's that I do not and will not ever blame Jasper for him attacking me on my birthday. They all wanted my blood, how could Jasper be able to stop all the sudden bloodlust from taking control of him? So, although reluctantly, the family (Edward especially) stood back and gave Jasper and I a chance to get to know each other. We were going to be siblings soon enough anyway. At first it was awkward, he wasn't sure what to say to me other than 'I'm so sorry' or 'it's ok if you don't forgive me'. After hearing it for the tenth time, I lost my patience. I reiterated to him that it was my idea to become friends and get to know each other, and that I never blamed him and there was nothing to forgive. Instead of what I expected him to do, he let out a chuckle. I was fuming. He was laughing? He surprised me again by walking closer to me than he ever had before and saying"I'm glad I finally felt something from you that I haven't felt before. I didn't think you had it in you." Then he walked away, smile still firmly in place. I stood there with my mouth wide open for a few minutes, dumbfounded, until Edward appeared next to me asking if I was alright... Things were never the same again... When the battle with Victoria was high on the horizon, I spent as much time with jasper as I could, talking about his past in the civil war and newborn armies with Maria. I saw another side to Jasper, he was still the quiet, calculating, observing, and tactical man I had met when I first got thrust into this world, but I learnt he had a passion for the guitar and writing. He loved horses, and horse riding. He loved Peter and Charlotte fiercely. They were bounded by venom and the harshness of the newborn wars. I expressed my interest to Jasper about meeting them. He just smiled and put his hand over mine and stated "soon." Was it ok for my stomach to explode in butterflies? It didn't matter, it was just details. But it seemed the more time we spent together, the love I had for Edward was slowly being removed, and slowly being devoted to Jasper. Alice had been acting strange since Italy. She kept smiling this 'all knowing' smile at me. It came to my attention very recently that Alice and Jasper were not mates, and they now resided in separate rooms. When I asked Alice why they had chosen now to do this, she simply replied "it is time." With that smile on her face, and gracefully danced away from me, taking Edward by the arm and saying something about a shopping trip, and left with Edward in tow. I was jolted from my thoughts when Emmett threw a large amount of popcorn at my head. What the hell? I was just about to say exactly that when laughter erupted from around me. "You have been zoned out the whole movie! Do you even know what we were watching Bella?" Came Emmett's booming voice from beside a scowling Rose. I went to snap back at him that I did, but when I glanced at the t.v, the credits were rolling. I came up empty. What were we watching? Had I been zoned out that long? My thoughts were interrupted again by a chuckling Jasper. "Leave Bella be. She is only human after all." Thanks Jasper. I put my head between my knees. My cheeks were starting to heat. Edward put his hand on my back. I chanced a glance at him. He had my once favourite crooked grin on his face. "I have to go for a hunt. Alice, Carlisle and Esme will be joining me. Do you want me to escort you home before I go?" "No Edward, I can get myself home." I said some what harshly. Esme and Carlisle were already waiting outside. I gathered Rose and Emmett were already upstairs doing the horizontal. Alice was most likely changing into the appropriate hunting 'attire'. Just Jasper, Edward and myself were left on the couches still. I attempted to soften my face. "No thank you Edward. Sorry I snapped. I'm just tired." It worked. "That's ok love. As long as you feel safe enough to get yourself home. I'll be going now." And with that, he kissed me on the cheek and was gone. I looked up at Jasper and he had the same look of distaste on his face that I had. "Would you like to accompany me home?" I asked him. He turned to me and smiled. "Of course ma'am." Tipping his imaginary hat to me. Could his southern accent be any sexier? We made it out the front door and and into the cab of my truck. I cranked the engine and Jasper wound down his window, me following suit. He lit a cigarette and handed me one before I had a chance to put my seat belt on. Damn vampire speed. "Thanks." I said with a smile. "You know me well." "I know Edward doesn't like your 'habit', and I know that you butt heads with him over it, but he doesn't understand that it's an outlet, a relaxant. I, however, do." Jasper said taking a long drag of his cigarette. I rolled my eyes, I had been smoking long before I met him. "I'll still smoke even when I become a vampire." I said. I was getting ahead of myself. I had to back pedal. I knew I had to break the news to Edward that I didn't want to marry him anymore. I wasn't even in love with him anymore. I was completely in love with Jasper. "I feel the same way, Bella." Came Jasper's voice from beside me. I smiled. I suspected he did feel the same way, and I also expected it was the reason why Alice had had that stupid smile on her face all the time. She knew... 'Down with the sickness' by disturbed was playing softly from the CD player in my truck. Jasper was nodding his head to the drums. Yeah, down with the sickness alright. The 'I'm in love with Jasper' sickness. At least we had the same taste in music. "When are you going to break the news to him?" Jasper said. "I reckon he already has some idea. I really did love him... I'll always have a spot for him in my heart. I suppose it's like you and Alice." I said. "I know he already knows. I'm just wondering when you were planning on telling him. I'd like to take you on a date. That's how it works... Isn't it?" Jasper is so sexy when he is unsure of something. I suppressed a giggle. "I'm not sure. I've never been on a date, unless you count the time in port Angeles when Edward was stalking me." I said with a laugh. "Where would we go if we did go on a date?" I asked. "Well, I know how you like to have a drink... I called up jenks and had a fake I.D made for you... You know, for emergencies... So, Alice has told me I am to take you to a club in Seattle." Awesome! I totally couldn't wait! Edward didn't like me drinking either, it was 'unladylike'. "That sounds really cool! Hey, can vampires drink? And you already spoke to Alice?" I asked. "You know Alice. She came to me. I had already decided on something very similar, she just refined my plans. And yes we can drink, but we need copious amounts to get any sort of affect compared to humans." Damn that Alice! "Let me guess, it's a high class club, and she has already bought me the cutest little barely-there dress with a ridiculous price tag?" I asked some what excited. Jasper was with her for many years, he would have high standards. What ever she bought me would be good for Jasper. "Well, yes she has, but it's more to your standards. I can't wait to see you in it." Jasper said as he gave me a wink. I rubbed my legs together. It was times like this I wish I had already told Edward. "I can feel you..." Jasper said. I didn't care, I wanted him to know how he made me feel. He sighed and threw his cigarette out the window. "You do the same to me too, but your still Edward's fiancé. I want to do this the right way." I silently agreed. He understood. I threw my cigarette out the window and started humming along to the song change. Black eyed peas... 'My humps' of all songs. I had to giggle, earning a sideways glance from Jasper. I just shook my head. I was just turning down my street now. My time with Jasper was almost up. I parked my car behind Charlie's cruiser. I took a deep breath and turned to jasper. He looked at me just as intently as I was him. The world seemed to stop rotating. He reached across to me a put his fingers gently on my cheek. His touch sent warmth through my body and made me tingle all over. "Are we mates?" I asked him after what seemed an eternity. "Yes... I felt the pull before I even realised what it was." He answered softly. I sighed and closed my eyes. I leant into his hand briefly before reluctantly pulling away. "I don't want to leave your side, but Charlie will come looking for me in a minute. If Edward turns up tonight, I will tell him." I had decided. Now or never. "He won't be back until tomorrow morning. They went a bit further out than normal to hunt." He said with a small smile. I kissed his cheek and whispered my good bye to him before slipping out of my truck and heading inside. Charlie called out his usual "Bella?" When I walked in. "Hey dad." I said. "Are you alright Bella? You look sad. Did you and Edward have a fight?" Charlie said hopefully "No dad, I'm just tired. I'm going to have a shower then head to bed. Goodnight." "Goodnight Bells." Charlie said with a wave of his hand, more interested in the game on tv. Good. I liked that Charlie didn't poke and prod. I can be left with my thoughts. I pulled my phone out of my pocket to pop it on the charger. Renee text me. I hadn't noticed. Might