Lost Soul Northern England, 1970 He had been staring out of the window for a while, the screams of his wife echoing through the ancient hallways, now finally decreasing in volume. "Sir" he turned around retrieving his neatly folded hands from his back, staring at the woman. "It is a girl." Was all she said before she hurried back to the demanding fury. He stared at the baby girl, he didn´t trust his wife to cut his throat at night, he couldn´t trust her with a baby. Had it been a boy, she might have been reasonable but this way, he couldn´t allow it, he couldn´t allow the personified version of insanity to take his little girl. He stared at the chocolate brown eyes, it was a miracle to him how two souls as dark as theirs had produced something as pure. He needed a way to protect her. Later the night he stood next to his sister in law. "Have you decided to name her yet?" He furrowed his brows "I don´t know, it is not like I will ever know her… I studied the dark arts for a very long time and I believe I have a way to deal with this … issue." His gaze seemed to pierce right through her soul, as she swallowed hard. "I could take her, she is my niece" He saw the hope in the eyes of the women that had yet to bear an heir for her husband, but as much as it touched his cold heart, as much as he knew that she would never hurt his daughter, most likely be the perfect mum, he wanted to make sure that his girl was safe. She inhaled deeply, composing herself. "What do you need me to do?" As the first light appeared at the horizon they were ready to start the ancient ritual: "Light shines through the shadow, from ashes, the phoenix arise, Protected shall be the innocent Soft and sharp and wise Time and space be broken Cutting all the ties" For some unknown reason he continued feeling compelled to add words he never heard of before: "Morgana we call upon you Saviour of our house, protect this child Till the end of our world Or all is reconciled" A tear slipped from his eyes as they saw bright rays of light reaching for the child, as she slowly faded into nothingness. oOo London, 1979 The little girl appeared many years in the future, on 19th September 1979 on the doorsteps of a nice couple of perfectly normal human beings named Daniel and Helena Granger they had wished for the blessing of a child for years. As they opened their door in the morning all the old folklore about children delivered by higher entities as angels and storks seemed true. The couple beyond happiness that their prayers had been answered chose to love her with all their heart, to give her a home and a family till the forces of nature may part them. They were surprised when eleven years later a tall woman in unusual clothing appeared on their doorstep, talking about magic and witches and wizards and a school, but then they had started to believe in miracles a very long time ago and their daughter had never ceased to surprise them. For the small baby girl that had arrived such an unusual way everything fell into place and she lived and thrived, found friendship and darkness, until one day twenty years later, everything came to an end, a war was lost and with this, all happiness vanished and an ancient vow ceased to fulfil its purpose. oOo Scotland, 1999 Hermione was running for her life. Deep inside she asked herself why she still kept fighting. After weeks she had finally somehow managed to escape the Death Eaters´ torture chamber. Her whole body was burning and the only thing she was praying for was death. She had stopped hoping for a miracle a while ago, she had stopped counting the cruciatus curses thrown her way, she had stopped screaming once the whips sliced her back and stopped fighting when they forced themselves on her. As days turned into weeks she had started to dream of death. She silently cursed as she heard her captors catching up to her, as she entered a weird stone formation. She was desperate, feeling like she would be collapsing any second now, she held onto the stones. It felt as if the rock knew of her desperation, she felt something shift around her, there was no sound, but her heavy breathing as the air seemed to clear and the trees seemed to decrease in age. She noticed a glow of the ground, as the five stones started to connect to each other in a pentagram shape, small Runes starting to glow in each peak. She slid to the ground, welcoming death as a long lost friend. She felt her limbs going numb as the cold took control of her she felt the gentle touch of darkness and freedom, her mind willing her to embrace her end. It was the moment she could almost feel the relief as a sharp pain entered her body worse than anything Bellatrix had ever done to her. oOo Somerset, 19th September 1980 For Andromeda Tonks it had been a fairly quiet day so far, she had handled a little more than the necessary amount of chores, survived her husband´s rant about the new Puddlemere chaser, tried to have some etiquette lessons with her daughter and almost succeeded. Overall it had been a good day, as she grabbed her favourite wine a glass and made her way to her porch to watch the sunset, she felt a little pride over her day´s achievements. This was until she opened her door and found A heap of something that seemed to be human on her front porch, after closer inspection and a few soothing words she identified it as an unconscious girl. An unconscious girl lying on her front porch, an unconscious girl that looked like the spitting image of her sister, Andromeda inhaled sharply. What in Morgana´s name was the meaning of this? oOo Two hours later Andromeda was still suffering from the symptoms of shock, unable to focus, her thoughts running several hundred miles per hour. In short: She was a mess. "Dromeda, do you have any idea who she might be?" Ted asked patiently, carefully watching his pacing wife. "No, I have no idea, who she is! A suspicion, yes!" She almost yelled, unable to compose herself. She let herself drop down next to him, grabbing his hand "I don´t know" He slowly started drawing soothing circles on her palm "Well, what do you suggest?" She sighed, looking defeated "I am afraid there is only one thing we can do or at least one thing we should do." He nodded, knowing exactly what that sour expression of her entailed. oOo Black Ancestral Estate, 20th September 1980 The old residence towered imposingly on the hill as Andromeda made her way up towards the main entrance walking through the old tree-canopied pathway, cursing once again over her sister´s persistence in cutting her out of the family wards, prohibiting her from simply flooing over, forcing her to take the walk of shame. As she finally crossed through the iron gate, entering the entrance yard she was out of breath from the hike, bloody Black mansions, damned fortresses of black magic her mind yelled. If the little girl hadn´t looked so lost she wouldn´t have gotten close to this place ever again, but then again but it was useless for she was almost there. She straightened her back as she approached the huge staircase, crossing through the ancient wooden portal into the monstrosity called entrance hall. "Ridicules" she muttered under her breath, thinking not for the first time that this place made Hogwarts look small and all for one single person. She flinched as a house elf appeared next to her, not wasting a word on her, simply expecting her to follow as it led her to the Grey parlour. Questioning once again why everything so dark in here. It was that moment her eyes fell on the imposing object, which was the sole reason she had burdened herself with this tedious journey. Seated in a grey armchair staring into the fire, looking just as cold and untouchable as ever, wearing his aristocratic robes, sat Arcturus Black, patriarch to the most ancient and noble house of Black, or like she preferred to call it the house without heirs. As she took him in she noted a new nuance about him and for a moment she allowed herself to feel pity for him Once he had been a proud man, proud of his family, proud of his accomplishments, yes also proud of his blood, but to see one's pride, honour, and life work slowly breaking, literally rinsing through one's fingers was far from anything she ever wished to experience. Many times she had allowed his situation to humour her and now she actually felt guilty. She shook her head at herself, finally forcing a blank expression on her face. "Andromeda, what an unexpected surprise." She was surprised by the absence of venom in his voice as she slowly approached him. "Thank you for seeing me Arcturus." she stated trying to remember the etiquette, but she couldn´t get herself to courtesy, settling for a bow of her head, before she spoke. "I came for your advice." On that, he finally turned to face her. She cleared her throat before she took a seat across from him, starting to state the facts "Yesterday evening, I opened my door to find a little girl on my front porch, not older than 10 years of age and-" she started wiggling her fingers "-she happens to be the spitting image of Bellatrix, maybe softer features, but she is still young and the eyes. No, Black eyes, but Lestrange ones." "Bellatrix child?" he questioned slowly. Andromeda only nodded in response. He returned his gaze to the fire "I didn´t know she had a child, a girl you say." She inhaled sharply "She hasn´t woken yet, so I couldn´t question her, I don´t know of a child and why in Merlin´s name she is at my home! My sisters and I haven´t exactly been close" Starting to glare at him. "Who knows and who cares, a girl and a Black. Maybe who ever brought her to you knew that Bellatrix was at best ill-equipped to raise a child, just try to imagine –" At those words the whole portray frame seemed to shake "-she has a vicious way, raising a child! Dear Helga!" Melania´s portray started rambling. Arcturus looked up at his deceased wife a soft smile on his lips "It is still early." he stated facing Andromeda "Why don´t you go home and bring the girl later, I will open the floo to you." With those words Andromeda was dismissed, she allowed the house elf to take her to the great fireplace in the entrance hall, thinking carefully how this place had changed so much, without changing at all. oOo "You have anything else you would like to share Melania?" He noticed his late wife pressing her lips into a thin line. "Bellatrix is a horrible, bitter person-" "Melania!" he interrupted her, a slightly amused twinkle in his eyes. "-I am simply honest, Cygnus, Walburga, Bellatrix, I am still surprised how Alphard and Andromeda turned out so nicely." She muttered more to herself than to her husband. "What exactly are you trying to imply?" he put away the prophet, now facing her. "Bellatrix is too extreme and I am sure that Lestrange boy would agree to me, her obsession will be her downfall Arcturus, there must be something we can do for the girl after all … She is a Black! Don´t you agree?" He chuckled sadly, he had