Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight Part One -1- She ran as fast as she could. As fast as her legs would allow without caving beneath her. The forest was dark and winding and she found herself lost, surrounded only by trees and splintered twigs. Scatters of leaves and pebbles kicked up from under her feet as she urged herself to keep moving. When she reached the cliff, she hesitated. Only for a second. She jumped. It was so quick she didn't feel the rain on her face as she fell. The impact of her submergence only stung a little. There was only the quick pain of breathing in a generous gulp of water. When everything started shifting to black, she no longer felt a thing. She didn't hear the cries of the wild beasts that shot through the forest. And she didn't feel the strong pair of arms that wrapped around her, pulling her back up to the surface. Her eyes opened and she gasped. Shooting up from her reclined position, she took in her surroundings. A warm fire was burning in an old-fashioned black wood stove to her left. Cozy fabric furniture sat squashed together in the small room. A blanket was thrown over her and, looking underneath, she noted that she wasn't dressed in her usual all-black attire, but rather a thick crew neck, sweats three sizes too big that had been tied as tightly as the drawstring would allow and thick woolen socks engulfed her small feet. Looking up, she finally laid eyes on the tall boy who was sleeping - seemingly uncomfortable - in a squat recliner across from her. Where she was freezing, he appeared to be sweating. Quietly standing up, she tried to tiptoe around him. A small creak of the floorboard made her flinch. Looking at the teenager, she let herself exhale a sigh of relief as he appeared to still be sleeping. However, as soon as she turned around, she found herself running straight into the chest of the very same boy she had just been peering at. A small sound escaped her lips as she jumped back. "Don't kill me," she begged as he sat her back down on the couch. "Don't want to," the boy grumbled, placing the back of his hand against her forehead. "Fever broke I guess. That's good." Noting the fact that she didn't directly meet his gaze. "Fever?" "Yeah. My mom will be able to tell better than me when she gets home." He cleared his throat deciding to get straight to the point. "Mind telling me why you tried to kill yourself?" "I didn't." "I'd say you did, considering I was the one who saved you when you jumped." She frowned. He was way too inquisitive for her liking. Almost as talkative as the captors that - she assumed - she had escaped for now. "Who are you?" she demanded, crossing her arms around herself, suddenly more aware of the cold temperature. "Seth," he smiled, wrapping her in the blanket he had wrapped her in two days ago. "Your turn." "Sutton," the girl answered, setting her jaw. "Good, she's up." Both teens turned to find an especially tall woman, young with short hair, leaning against the archway that lead into the kitchen. "This," Seth gestured, "is my sister, Leah. Leah, Sutton." "Hm," the woman nodded. "Now that introductions are out of the way, maybe she'd like to tell us why she was running from vampires." "Vampires?" her brother raised a brow. "Tracked her trail like you asked. Two sets of footprints. Smelled too. Definitely the ones we were after." "Who are you?" Sutton muttered, mainly to herself as she tried to think. "I should be asking you that," Leah spat, glaring down at the younger girl. "You didn't even act surprised when I asked." "How do you know about vampires?" Sutton demanded. "We're well acquainted. Why were you running?" Leah stepped forward, closer to the couch, causing her brother to move closer to Sutton. "That's none of your business," she insisted. She turned to Seth, who she could already tell was the least hostile of the duo, still avoiding eyes. "I need to go. They'll just send more after me. Please, you have to let me leave." "Vampires can't cross treaty lines without us knowing right off the bat." "Who's they ?" Leah questioned. "The Volturi." Sutton's voice was almost a whisper as she spoke the name of the group she most feared. "I'm their ultimate weapon." "Weapon?" Seth asked, hoping for clarification. "For what?" Leah, much more suspicious now, urged on. "For anything," Sutton admitted. "You're just a girl though," Seth stated. Rolling her eyes, the blue-haired girl crossed her arms. "That's just it. No one would ever suspect me. Even in a world that's a cross between myth and fact, my people don't exist to the most powerful beasts. I can walk right under your nose and you'd never know I was coming." "What makes you a threat?" Leah wondered. Looking around the room, Sutton finally focused on Seth, still sitting beside her. Suddenly he began to lift off the ground. Slowly, she spun him upside down before placing him back in the armchair he was earlier. "Telekinesis, that is so cool!" Seth grinned. "Not quite." Outstretching her arm, she opened her hand, a mall flame erupting from the small plane of her palm. "I can do pretty much anything." For further emphasis, she pulled at the pendant around her neck. A silver pentacle necklace. It was then that the siblings noticed the moonstone ring adorning the tiny finger on her right hand. "If you're a witch, couldn't you just have escaped a long time ago?" Seth suggested. "Or killed the Volturi," Leah added, a bitter tone to her voice. "I'm not one for dark magic. It's not in my nature to harm someone. Not intentionally anyway. And it took me years just to get this escape plan going. And even then I barely managed. The outer perimeter of the castle was warded against me. It was hard to get past the barrier. It took me time to perfect the spells I needed." "I thought you could do almost anything." "I'm still learning. I don't exactly have a spell book handy." "You still should have killed them," the woman huffed. "Just because you can do something, doesn't mean you should." "Leah," Seth interrupted before his sister could continue, "we should call Jake. And Carlisle." "Carlisle?"Sutton repeated. Why did that name sound so familiar. "He and his family are our allies," Leah answered. "Vampires, but actually trustworthy." Taking her phone out of her pocket, she stepped out of the living room. Seth, who was still seated where Sutton had placed him, smiled at the girl, trying to start a conversation. "So...uh...where are you from?" "Around." "Cool. Cool. Well, I'm from here myself. Yup. Born and raised." "Where is here , exactly?" Sutton inquired. "The res. We're actually right on the coast of Washington state. Really far from Italy actually. How long have you been running?" "Too long. But I've got to get back to it. It's dangerous for me to stay in one place for a long time. At least while I know they can still find me." "You'll be safe here," Seth insisted. "They'll find me here." Her blue eyes were pleading, watering. She was absolutely petrified. Not quite knowing what else to do, Seth found himself moving to sit beside her once more. Only this time he wrapped her in his arms, unaware of the way her body tensed at his touch. "I'll protect you. Trust me, it's a lot harder for them to hurt me rather than the other way around. No one's going to get to you while I'm here." And for reasons unknown to Sutton, she believed him and allowed herself to settle into the warmth of his body. "So you're werewolves," Sutton replied from the back of Leah's car. "Right," Seth nodded from beside her. Sutton noted, that while his arms weren't around her, Seth's body heat still kept her pretty warm. Or that could have been from the other two, less-than-pleasant wolves in the vehicle. "And you're allied with a family of vampires, many of whom have special abilities?" "Yep." "How'd that happen?" "Trust me, I could write a whole book series about it," Jacob Black, who Sutton had met just shortly before, answered curtly. "Sounds like a crappy series." She rolled her eyes in response to the glare she got. "He'll warm up to you," Seth assured. "Even I still get on his nerves sometimes." "You're doing it now, Seth." "Right. Quiet Game." Sutton watched as Seth made the motion of zipping his lips together and throwing away the key. Was he really not going to talk to her? She certainly didn't want to have a conversation with Jake. "So where are we going again?" she asked Seth, hoping to get him to talk some more. Even if he sometimes spoke to much, he was at least kind to her. "Forks," Leah answered, knowing full well that it could be a good ten minutes before her brother spoke again. "We're meeting Carlisle at the hospital." "Hospital? Why a hospital?" "Because he's a doctor and when we called he was at work." "Couldn't we just meet him after?" "Why don't you just play the Quiet Game with Seth," Jake suggested. Irritated, Sutton tried to control herself. Still, that didn't stop the radio from rapidly switching from station to station or the windshield wipers from starting up and the windows rolling up and down. "Awesome!" Seth was clearly impressed. "How'd you do that?" "Looks like someone can't control themselves when their feelings are hurt," Jake barked. "How were you a weapon?" "I can kill you without lifting a finger. That's how," the witch snapped back. "Well, you haven't so I'm not impressed." "Jake she's serious," Seth warned, before adding, "I think," as an afterthought. "She just tries to avoid doing so. Right?" He looked at the girl who was biting her nails in frustration beside him as she gave a small nod. "Right," she answered, looking out the window. "We're here," Leah announced before Jake could speak again. She, for one, was glad to be getting out of the confined space. Exiting the old Jetta. the group of four made their way into the hospital, though one of them was not as easygoing about it. Seth, sensing her tension, lay a friendly hand over Sutton's in an attempt to comfort her. "You'll be alright," he soothed. "Carlisle isn't anything like the Volturi." "But he answers to them, which is bad enough. Exposing my identity to him could just endanger me more. You could be sending me to my grave." "Carlisle wouldn't endanger you. The Cullens aren't real big fans of your boss." "Cullens? Carlisle Cullen? You're taking me to see him? The Volturi hate him." "That's good right? You should feel better!" "Yeah...oddly enough that does little to comfort me." "I'm gonna go sign in," Jake grunted before walking away. "And why does he hate me?" Sutton demanded, as she sat in a waiting room chair beside Seth. "It's nothing personal," the youngest wolf tried. "Jake just doesn't trust the Volturi. I guess 'cause you work for them - or did, I mean - he's just not sure he trusts you yet." "Sounds pretty personal to me." Crossing her arms, she leaned her head back against the wall, he left leg incessantly tapping. "Would you cut that out?" Leah ordered, rather than asked. "Is that a request?" Sutton quipped, stopping nonetheless. "Done," Jake informed, walking up to the group and plopping down next to Leah. "You know, you never told me where you're from," Seth smiled in his attempt to lighten the mood. Sutton opened one eye, raising a brow at him. "Really?" She let out a breath, her leg tapping once more. "I was born in