Pairing: Jane/Bree Rating: M for strong language and sexual themes This au starts at the end of The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner . It contains quotes and spoilers. Jane wanted to take me to dark-cloak city, and she called it mercy ? I snorted. More like a last-ditch effort to cover up her dirty politics. "Make your choice, preferably before I stop caring," Jane said, appearing to actually seethe with apathy. I was hoisted to my feet by Jasper. He kept both hands firmly clasped on my shoulders — I guess he didn't trust me to control my bloodlust. Wise man. As much as I liked Bella, affection wouldn't stop me shredding her swan-like throat. I tried to think about the situation at hand and not Bella's throat, or Diego, or the numbness slowly pooling in the pit of my stomach. I couldn't wrap my head around superfluous appendages . What superfluous appendages did Diego watch getting turned into a puff of lilac smoke? I had to know. But the term had slid from Riley's jewel-bright lips like a baby, already complete unto itself. Get a grip, Bree. "So join or die, is that it?" I was almost begging Jane to vamoose me again. I wanted to prove to her I wasn't scared. I'm pretty confident nothing will ever get to me again. Besides, Jane looked as worn as a gnawed-on fishbone. I might've felt sorry for her if she smiled with a normal smile and not a curved-lips grinning-skull torture-twisted smile like the offspring of Elizabeth Bathory and Satan. "Felix, take care of this," she drawled. "I want to go home." [o] The leader of the Volturi was a monster stitched together from the minds of a thousand fallen men. Aro had a firm grip on things, like an auctioneer or an ax murderer, the thing presently being my hand. I looked into the middle distance and tried very hard not feel every eye since Babylon stare me down. He stepped back some, suit unruffled, face unruffled, absorption of another identity complete. "Heidi will find you a suitable position, I'm sure." I gaped around the finality of his words. "Wait! Wait..." Aro raised his eyebrows and the pendulum of Pydna swung upwards, in Alexander The Great's favour. I strained for words. It probably didn't matter that I'd lick the crap off his Santonis if he just let me live. He's a better liar than Riley, but I'm not a girl who looks up every time someone spells gullible on the ceiling. The stippled grey ranks of his underlings don't boast children without terrible wounds warped into weapons. There's no place for me. As my dad would say, my fritters were fried. I'm bacon. I'm toast. I'm a walking doom buffet. A boy with the same curly black hair as Diego snickered and my stomach lurched as I remembered the enigmatic superfluous appendages . I remembered Alexander The Great died with sweat in his eyes under a burning sun in every retelling of his story. Some endings just are . "... never mind." [o] They say bad luck comes in threes. Well, my welcome to Volterra was a milky grey robe, a mop and bucket. The Volturi Castle was collapsing under the weight of its own expanse — the endless arterial mishmash of corridors and galleries filmy with layers upon layers of ancient grime, the air a blast of bad breath and fossilised cobwebs supporting spiders too fat for their spindly little legs. Cleaning was an Augean job, purposed for the nameless, thankless and soon to vanish. "A stony reception, hey," I said to the castle bedrock. The filth and darkness seemed so far from Diego's sun-sweetened kiss it made my heart ache. Over several weeks, I bleached everything into oblivion but the grime proved too fastidious, too entrenched for my chemicals. I discovered enough scrubbing could wipe the fingerprints from your hands but couldn't slow the decay of time. I gave up on the corridors and set my sights on the private rooms, a queerer and less pleasant country. I crept past weeping shadows and secrets splitting open like rotting fruit, the little agonies displayed behind glass netted with age. Then in the sanctum of Volterra I stumbled across the holiest place on Earth. It was a small, blue-coloured room; the wallpaper haphazardly glued to walls peeling at the corners as if the hands that pressed it couldn't quite reach. Shelves from floor to ceiling jutted out like pike jaws, groaning under the weight of a holy burden so astounding in magnitude the white rind of my heart just about leapt off. Marching from the shelves into Salvation was row after row of Virgin Mary statuettes. Some marble-white, bronze or rendered in full colour; some as small as my thumb or as big as a lamp; some so elaborate they echoed life, others a blank bleary conflation of faces and limbs; some balancing baby Jesus on their hip, some with hands clasped devoutly and some managing both at once. The rest of the furniture looked stolen from a life-sized doll's house but before I could speculate further I heard the pitter-patter of footsteps in the corridor. I jumped behind a curtain just as Jane walked through the door. It's funny, I wouldn't think this sinless place belonged to her. Then again most psychopaths think they're some variation of Jesus. Her face was full of an ethereal will o' the wisp light. She moved to the standing mirror, flourishing a white napkin that she neatly tucked around her head. She canted her neck to make the muscles stand out. I was lost until she knitted her hands together. A living statuette, a black Madonna. When she started stuffing pillows up her pinafore, I took an incautious step backwards into a shelf of the Legion of Mary. She twisted round with a hiss rising in her throat and eyes a devouring obsidian. I stumbled from my hiding place, arms raised protectively, brain scrabbling to find a scrap of mercy. "I see you like, um, Mary," I said lamely. Realising how dumb that sounded I tried again. "I had you pinned for an Old Testament kind of girl — all that rage and smiting and fire. They were so afraid of God in those days it's amazing they could write between the bowel evacuations. But they wrote page after page of the most ridiculous rules, have you even read Leviticus? Yeah, probably. Thou shalt not pick your nose... " Great, now you're in for it. "The Bible was the only book in our house — I mean me n' my dad's house — if you don't count the TV magazines. Always seemed to be in arms' reach. Dad used it to whack me over the head and shoulders. Guess it's better than the beer bottle he used the week before I ran away from home..." I realised I had said far, far more than I desired. Jane remained stiff and silent, her skin blue and belly artificially swollen. She looked like the puckered corpse of a prostitute fished from a city river. "The soundtrack of your life must be in G major, huh?" "Get out," she said in a voice guttural and demented and not remotely human. [o] I was on my knees, scrubbing the pink stains of our regular feedings from the stonework. The axe pressed heavily against my neck these days. "Congratulations," a voice said behind me. "You've been promoted." Spinning and rising to my feet with thoughtless grace, I discovered the lemon-curd tone of the news-bearer was none other than Heidi. Her body was the potent snakeskin of a lustful god, swelling and sagging with the desire to drown you, not hold you. I couldn't stop staring at her lips — the morbid red of a plum bloated with maggots. I noticed my formless grey cloak was getting holes at the knees. She threw another cloak at me. I twined my hands through the darker fabric. "One of the upper guards favoured you," she said. "What? Jane?" I scoffed. Her lips pinched together, the puffy red squeezed so tight I thought it might pop. "Follow me, please." What... Jane? This must be a joke. She turned heel and sped off deeper into the castle. I followed, trying not to lose her. "You'll work in one of our libraries," Heidi continued. "Some of our historical documents need... editing. It is a task for sharp eyes and a quick mind. This is the chamber you will spend your days and nights in." She took a set of keys from her belt and unfastened the door. Immediately, I was overcome by the powerful aroma of old books, mildew, dust motes — the sticky kind you can't wash out of your hair — and insect droppings. It was a heavenly concoction. For the first time in this wretched castle, I felt the ghost of a promise of a glimmer of hope. Heidi smiled thinly and handed me two things: a craft knife and a list of names and dates. "Now, listen. This chamber contains the archives of all the trials the Volturi has held for the last three hundred years. I need you to find the names on the list and cut them out so they cannot be read. Then burn the scraps and the list. Got it?" I nodded. It seemed wrong to be erasing people from legal documents but I wasn't exactly shocked. I'd take it any day over cleaning time's toilet bowel. "You will also be transcribing badly damaged annuals into new books, okay? Any questions?" "Did Jane really do this for me?" I could see her considering silence, the dribbling wound of her mouth parting to reveal strong teeth, horses' teeth, and a pink tongue that moved to and fro like a worm in the sun. "Some of us earn our place here with distinction, discipline and years of dedication," she said. "Then there's you and your kind." I felt the chill of iron against the back of my neck. "Yeah?" I said faintly. "Tell me, did you earn your place on your back... or on your knees?" She eyed me distastefully, the kind of look a rich kid gives his Brussels sprouts on a Sunday evening. "It's never a free ride, little girl. You will pay — we all do, in our own ways. But I have no desire to share your tainted coin." She left me with my ringing, increasingly sundering thoughts and the taste of an axe under my tongue. However, she had a point. I didn't need to be talented to survive — I just needed to be adored. If you turn out anything like your mother you'll have thighs as slippery as oil, was the old man's refrain. This would be an unsurprising development for you, huh, daddy o. You were right about the pill between my legs. It was there all along. [o] In a forgotten crease of an afternoon, I hacked away in the archives, a happy little bookworm lost in her world of words. The difficult part was the tangle of languages in which the annuals were written — Italian, German, English and a strain of Spanish shot through the 19th century. The usual format was name, date and terse description of death. Jane was a too-frequent dealer. The tips of my fingers became blackened like an old woman flipping through the newspaper obituaries that were her social circle. If you were really paying attention, you'd notice telltale tracks through dust where they shouldn't be, the most recent annual stuffed back on the shelf a shade too untidily and the ink of the most recent entry slightly darker than its brothers. It goes like this. Diego, 2006. He died after she tore off his legs and then slowly, slowly, burnt off his fingers, ears, lips, tongue and every other superfluous appendage one by one. He was blessed with an