Disclaimer: Harry Potter characters are the property of J.K. Rowling and Bloomsbury/Scholastic. No profit is being made, and no copyright infringement is intended. Prologue Four years after the downfall of Voldemort and his followers, the wizarding world could finally breathe a sigh of relief. Life was flourishing again, peace had finally been achieved between magical and muggle alike. The Golden Trio split after the war, each wanting to peruse life's ambitions. Harry Potter, an accomplished auror, married Ginny Weasley (that was a givin) and are about to have there second child. Ron, having split up with Hermione after the war, decided to pursue his dreams of quiddich. Though she stays in touch on occasion, Hermione needed time to heal, and after a serious lapse of judgement on her part; it was time to leave the wizarding world of Britain behind. What caused said lapse of judgement? Perhaps it was the large quantity of elf made wine (known to sneek up and nip you in the keester) Or maybe a long ago crush on a certain dark wizard that resurfaced durring the anniversary party for Draco and Luna (expecting their first child as well). The party was fun, his touch sending trails of delicious desire when they had waltzed in the Malfoy ballroom. No one paid them attention, Severous believed the wine had been tampered with by cherubs. He had consumed too much though when he realized what their expert hands had done. Needless to say, it had been a night to remember, what snippets she did remember. The morning following however, had been quite unpleasant. Apparently neither could remember the whole "after-party" at his residence. She had woken up, aching everywhere, no longer a virgin (she cringed) and when she discovered the surly potions master at the edge of the other side of his bed, she knew where the conversation was heading. Had it not been for magic, his neighbors surely would have heard the ensuing argument of one angry wizard. Apparently it had been HER fault for that predicament. And after imparting more snide insults, he had dressed in a matter of seconds (thanks to magic) and warned her not to be there when he returned. She remembered the furious pop of dissaperation, and then painstakingly dressed, tears falling and head throbbing, Hermione left. Chapter One: Hermione popped into her London flat, feeling sore. With a pounding headache she stripped out of the green, shimmering ballgown (she'd needed to write Ginny and thank her again for the loan if her dress). Thankfully nothing had torn from the prior night, and she hung it on its hanger, before stepping into the hot, steamy shower. She wept as she scrubbed her skin furiously, but to no avail, for as the soap passed along her body, she couldn't stop the flow of memories. What had she been thinking? She had been brought up proper, with a firm belief to save herself for marriage, to someone she loved? Am I really so repulsive? She couldn't forget the look on his face this morning as she toweled dry. Pushing her wet hair to the side, she looked in the floor length mirror hanging on her bathroom door. She gasped at her reflection...small bruises marked her skin, head to toe. Some would call them love bites (yeh right, no love there) and she reached for her wand to heal them. For some reason though, she put her wand back, deciding to keep the memento, at least some sort of proof that the attraction hadn't been one sided... Taking a pain potion for her aches she quietly sipped some tea, deciding against coffee, knowing it wouldn't help her hangover. "Mrroww?" Crookshanks butted his head on her calf, his usual morning greeting. "Oh sorry Crooks...would you like some breakfast?" When he sat there looking at her, she laughed at her rhetorical question, grabbing the can opener and a can of Tuna Magic, she proceeded to dish up some breakfast. Setting it down she watched as he chowed it down ( he always was a messy eater) and contemplated on her move. For some time now Hermione had been planning on leaving Britain. After her parents had died in a freak accident at a Dental exhibition, she had discovered they had left a cabin in the countryside of New York. Her mother was from America. It was her deceased Grandparents cabin. Having inherited enough money to take care of her finances for a few year, she decided it was time for a change of pace. She glanced at the boxes packed from her study, excitement bubbled at the chance to start experimenting with charms. She had achieved her masters in charms and magical history last month. She sighed as she cleaned up breakfast. "Damn that wizard. At least I won't be bumping into him anytime soon." Hermione muttered as she rubbed her temples. " He sure can kiss though..." she thought as she remembered his sensual lips exploring, tasting. She grimaced and pushed the memories aside as she felt the response they had on her body. With a flick of her wand, the neatly stacked boxes shrunk and floated into her charmed bag from the war. Watching the spell work neatly, she opened Crookshanks cage. "Come on Crooks, time to move to our new home." Thankfully he didn't put up a fuss as he leapt into his cage, curling up on his soft pillow, he watched curiously. Another flick of her wand and the letters neatly stacked on the counter, along with a freshly dry cleaned ball gown, traveled through her living room fireplace, via floo network, to their spelled destinations. With one last glance, she apparated to the London Station. The journey from Britain to America was too far for apparation and port key, hence the travel by train. She had booked her tickets weeks in advance on a first class car, one way trip with thankfully no changeovers. Hopefully I'll have it to myself, Hermione thought as she boarded the magic train. Hugging Crookshanks close, she passed several compartments till she reached the one at the end, apparently was hers. Sliding the door open she gasped in surprise. Unlike the Hogwarts Express, the cars on the Aurora Express were huge, thanks to magic. In her car there was the usual two overstuffed benches (though a table was built in between). There was two doors on each side of the compartment. Setting Crookshanks down she opened the one closest on her right. She sighed when she saw the full bath/jacuzzi jet tub. Next to the tub was an enchanted window (you could see out but not in). The window ran the length of the tub, ceiling to floor. It lit the bathroom nicely. Next to the bathroom was a small kitchenette that had a sliding door. It had the basics to get her by for the week long trek. To the left of her, the first door was a closet for coats and shoes, and the second door lead to a huge bedroom with two full size beds. Being that the compartments were multi passenger she had booked this one full (she didn't want company for the duration of her trip). There was a t.v. in the corner, and what looked like a private balcony by one of the beds. There was a small shift as the train left the station. Setting her bag on one of the invitingly plushy beds (she'd definitely check it out later) she took a seat by the window and waited for the conductor to make his/her rounds. With a flick of her wand, Hermione unlatched Crookshanks cage and he stretched as he climbed out, only to curl up on his mistress's lap, purring contentedly. Hermione watched the landscape change from bustling city to lush, woods and fields now that summer was here, everything was green, and she smiled as a warm breeze wafted in an open window. Now that she had time on her hands, she absentmindedly stroked the half kneazle, as thoughts of a dark wizard came to mind. He had certainly left an imprint on her as she tried to recall the incident. She remembered that when they stopped, she didn't want to part, neither had be been inclined it seemed, for he had lead her off the ball room floor, snagging a bottle of wine and two glasses that floated behind by his magic. She remembered walking trough the Malfoy grounds, the flowering shrubs and trees a maze easily getting them lost, she remembered. After several turns they came across a slow moving brook. He stopped under a blossoming tree, using his evening cloak, he conjured a makeshift blanket to sit on. She had cuddled up next to him, the night air a bit cool on her heated flesh. "Do you find pleasure in my company witch?" he had asked in that sinfully velvet voice. Something about his voice always seemed to cause a stir in her. "Yes...you've always...intrigued me." She frowned, wondering what else the wine had done to her inhibitions. Apparently they were on the wind, as she accepted another glass of wine. She felt parched as she drank in the dark wizards thoughtful look, and downed the glass, which he refilled, no questions asked. " Indeed Ms. Granger, do regale me, for you have peaked my curiosity." He had asked straight faced, no guessing as to where he was headed with the conversation. Now that the wine had caught up, her tongue became looser, as her eyes drank him in " I've always admired you from afar. Your intelligence to survive the war, juggling two masters intent on getting you killed. It takes great inner strength as well to survive without going mad...and I know that under that tough exterior, you are capable of compassion and kindness Professor." When he gave her a dark look she explained "Harry told me about your memories." and he had scowled angrily. "Damn Potter..." he muttered as he refilled his glass and paused when she placed her hand on his lapel, promptly bringing his gaze back to her face. "I'm sorry..." she nibbled her lip and dropped her chin to her chest " ...my need to know more about you had me badgering till he gave in and told me in confidence. What I know now I will take to my grave." She heard him exhale, and then she felt her chin being lifted, and felt the gentle press of his lips on hers. She opened her eyes in surprise for a mere second, before melting further into him as the kiss deepened. His magic was so skilled that even with the wine flowing through him, he had apparated them to his home. Things definitely moved quickly as she remembered the feel of him pressing her up against his door. Something at that moment had freed her of her inhibitions. She threw caution to the wind as she became pliant, panting as the dark wizards hands roamed her silk clad body. She wasn't sure how to tell him it was her first time, her and Victor had only went as far as second base. Ron had only made it to first before she had ended it. Catching him with Lavender had been an eye opener, deep down she had an inkling that they would only be friends so she broke up with him. She didn't want him to stop regardless of her inexperience. So with a sigh she continued to kiss him and when she nibbled his ear, there was no going back as he palmed he buttocks, lifting and pressing her harder to the door. That's when she felt it, there was no mistaking the Professor's arousal pressing against her naked flesh. Naked? He must know wandless magic she thought and moaned when lips surrounded a soft peak of her flesh. "Severus.." she had panted his name and he growled in approval as he lifted her higher, and