Listen To Your Heart Disclaimer : I do not own any of the characters or places that are associated with the Lord of the Rings. They all belong to J.R.R Tolkien. (Elthain, Aragorn's horse, however, is mine. :-) A/N : Well, I am posting this little story on a complete whim. When I made my account I planned to never publish anything. But this was something that had been in my head for a while, and several other stories inspired me to work on – and share – it. So here goes nothing. Any thoughts or constructive criticism is appreciated. :-) Post-LOTR. Summary : The curse of the Elves is to feel the longing of the Sea. The curse of loving a mortal when you are immortal is to feel the pain of leaving them behind. Legolas faces both. ~.~.~ Sometimes you wonder if this fight is worthwhile The precious moments are all lost in the tide... It is said that turmoil is a thing; like a presence; in life, that is overcome-able. Legolas, however, could not see how this was even possibly true, for the turmoil that which held his heart in a vice like grip felt as though it would never go away. He stood on the beach, his velvet green boots half sunken in the sand. It was white, he mused. White, as though this place and this day were pure and perfect. But it was the opposite. He knew. His whole soul was screaming it at him. A cool breeze wafted gently about him and toyed with his cream tunic and the tendrils of his hair, blowing them about his angular face. His perfect, flawless, immortal face. Fair features that should never be touched by Middle-earth's sins were now covered with grief. This Elf had been tainted. Legolas Greenleaf, Crown Prince of Eryn Lasgalen, had been cursed with the love for a Mortal. It was dangerous. He had known it from the start. The tiny child of Imladris; innocent and pure, had stolen his heart from the moment he had looked into those silver eyes. Estel grew, proving that the beauty Legolas had immediately seen in him was indeed the core of his being. It was as if that one Mortal could shine brighter for him than any of the stars in the sky. And – having not had one who was there for him as Aragorn began to be – Legolas welcomed that with open arms, and... Estel became a part of him. That was it. From the time the Man was able to harbor such boughs of love in his heart – nay, before that – he and the Prince were eternally bound. Joined at the hip, Lord Elrond used to fondly say. And they were. That was why it hurt so much. How on Arda had he believed he would be able to bear this? The ship that he gazed at; bitterly aye; was... beautiful. Its towering masts seemed to reach towards the dawn sky, blending in with the streaks of orange and red. On its vast sides were carvings – he knew, he had labored through putting them there – of the ethereal Valar, standing in stark contrast against the silver paint of the vessel. The Grey Ship. 'Tis what it was called. Elbereth, it was gorgeous. Legolas did not deny that. Nor did he deny that knowing it was going to carry him from Middle-earth was – literally – killing him inside. He could see Gimli, trudging about the top deck with a perfectly content expression on his face as he checked over provisions. Legolas felt a spark of warmth. His friend was such a faithful Dwarf. 'I am not letting that Elf go all by his lonesome, ' Gimli had said when he had asked him to accompany him to Valinor. And the Prince also knew that his stout friend longed to gaze upon Lady Galadriel again. The Dwarf was anxious to be off. Legolas wished he could feel that bliss; harbor that excitement that he was finally following his kindred's call home. But – as it was – the only thing he felt was… pain. Guilt. He was giving up. And he knew it. Lady Galadriel had told him that night in her warning. Told him of the flight of the gulls, and the power that they held over an Eldar's spirit. "Legolas Greenleaf, long under tree; in joy thou hast lived. Beware of the Sea! If thou hearest the cry of the gull on the shore, thy heart shall rest in the forest no more ." † He had heard the cry of the white birds. A simple mistake; for none of them had been thinking about the danger it was to the Elf when they had boarded the Corsair ships to sail to Minas Tirith in the hour of war – and that was it. None of them had been thinking anything on the fate. And so that was Legolas' downfall: He was cursed with the scream of the gull, therefore enraptured with the longing of the Sea. But he had fought. Iluvitar knows he had fought it with everything he had because he did not want to be enraptured with the longing of the Sea; no matter his kin. He did not want the only true peace he would ever find to be away from Middle-earth. That was the reason he would not heed the gulls cry. He had told Aragorn that he would remain in Middle-earth until the King of Men had drawn his last breath. That was his oath, and he had kept it for so many years… He had his reason. And so he ignored his origin. At first he had not had to try. His soul still found its rest in the company of Aragorn, and the King's family; and he found no reason in even thinking of the Sea. He resumed his serene life – Greenleaf, Lord of Ithilien, ever at his friend's side. But then... It began to stir. The waves of longing, slowly, yet steadily began to boil within his heart, and more often did the cries of the gulls echo in his mind. The Elf's reason became at war with itself. And one night, perched upon his balcony, Legolas had heard the Sea whisper his name… and his heart had stood still in sudden longing. It never; not once; went away after that. The feeling continued to grow and rise, to consume his attention. It came to the point where he couldn't simply relax with the royal family – laugh with Aragorn and Arwen, find peace in their children's giggles and their warm conversations. Every moment, every day, his soul was focused on the Sea to the west, even when his mind or eyes were fixed on a thing or a person he cherished. It was not long before Aragorn began to notice that an unfamiliar shadow had fallen over the Prince, veiling the usual glimmer in his midnight eyes. When the King of Gondor was finally able to coax out of his friend what was bothering him so, the Man had swallowed the grief the words brought upon him for Legolas' sake. And then Aragorn had released him from his oath. "I cannot begin to tell you what you mean to me, Legolas. Since I was a child, you have been the only person who; to both my eye and my heart; have not left my side through any of the perils that I have faced – and they are many. In any shadow of doubt or fear; before the Ring and on the Quest; I could turn – and there you stood. You felt my pain as keenly as if it were your own. We are bound, you and I, Legolas, Prince of the Elves. But this is one battle that we cannot win. I shall not try. Neither should you. Right now, at this hour, I release you from the oath you swore to me long ago against my bidding: You no longer have to remain on this Middle-earth 'til I draw my last breath. My love for you is yet stronger than my selfish desire to keep you here against the call of your heart. I bid you; go and follow the longing. Return to your home. Ease the suffering of your soul; you have ever been meant to sail to the place of beauty over the Sea. There you will find tranquility and the peace that you deserve. And I will find the most joy in knowing that you, my beloved companion, are resting there, and are able for the first time to live in bliss, and be reunited with your kin." And then Aragorn had embraced him with all of the gentle warmth that had been in his voice, and Legolas had felt some of the pent-up misery in his heart melt as he relaxed in those familiar arms. In them he found only understanding; or at least as much as a Mortal; even of the Numorean race; was able to understand the bitter Sea Longing of the Elves. But Aragorn had been unable to keep hidden the tears in his eyes when they parted. And so Legolas, feeling his heart clench at the bravery his friend was trying to show, had tried vainly to soothe him with words of comfort. "Even if my oath was against your bidding, to it I will hold. Just as your Lady Evenstar cannot live without you in her way, nor can I. I can think of nothing worse than sailing to Valinor and leaving you behind, Estel. I do not want a world of even the most lighthearted joy and laughter if you are not there. In fact, I do not think it would be bearable if you were not there. I cannot leave. I will not leave you. Not yet. While I am still in your presence, I will be fine." What a liar he had been. For the remainder of that evening the palace of Minas Tirith had celebrated a treaty that King Elessar had finally; after long months of wearying debate; settled with the land of Harad. There was loud music, and dancing, and mingling, and, of course, feasting in the Great Hall. Remaining at his friend's elbow throughout the celebrating Legolas had been distracted for a while from his turmoil, able to smile with the guests and be proud of Aragorn – indeed did that pride shine in his eyes every time he gazed upon the King. For a while they were both content to be surrounded by their loved ones and many men filled with laughter and love for their lord. But that night, after the celebration had settled to cool embers and everyone in Minas Tirith was deep in slumber, Legolas once more found himself alone. He stayed in Elessar's palace that evening. Yet, from his balcony there, he was able to hear the whispers of the Sea more clearly than in Ithilien. And it only grew, snatching away the last traces of light heartedness of the night. Seven days after that, his father sailed. That was Legolas' ruin. Accompanying the King of Eryn Lasgalen to the Havens, the Prince once again stood fully bared before the monster that had stolen his peace. Even after the ship that carried his father had disappeared from his sight Legolas remained standing rigid on the sand, watching the emerald waves of the Sea; tipped with rich foam; crash upon one another, rolling out for endless miles of sparkling blue and green. How could something so beautiful be wrought with so much pain? Mesmerized, the Prince had slowly – and without thought – began to ponder his reason for resisting such a magnificent call. He had been released from his oath; therefore Elessar clearly did not need him any longer. The rest of the Elves had all sailed, or at least Middle-earth seemed