The End of the Third Age They had believed a narrowly avoided foe to be dead. But nearly fifty years later, when Aragorn is in rule of Gondor and Sauron is destroyed, a dark enemy from the past resurfaces. And this time, Legolas will be the one to pay the price, unless Aragorn risks something else that is just as precious to him. Kings are tested, loyalties are stretched, and impossible choices have to be made - choices that can bring even the most valiant Men to ruin. Not all evil was vanquished when the Dark Lord Sauron fell. ~.~.~ Disclaimer: I do not own ANY of the characters or places that are associated with "The Lord of the Rings". They all belong to the wonderful Professor J.R.R. Tolkien. I do own several little O.C's, but they are mostly only servants and healers and friends, etc. Other than that, I take no credit whatsoever. Also, several ideas may have been inspired by other authors writings, and though I can't name them all, my thanks for the inspiration nonetheless. [1] & [2] : (Italics: Passages from "The Lord of the Rings - The Return of the King" by J.R.R Tolkien) A/N's: * This story is AU. Along the lines of what Tolkien talks about in "The Return of the King": The ending of the Third Age brought a lot of changes to the people of Middle-earth, such as partings and leavings and such. Gandalf, Celeborn, Galadriel, and Elrond sail on "the last ship to leave the Havens" (other than Legolas' ship, only sailing after Aragorn is gone). I stay that ship. Some dates may be off, but I hope it's nothing too unforgivable. I tried my hardest for it to be reasonable and make as much sense as it possibly could. * I base my Elrond, Elrohir, Elladan, and Aragorn relationships on the fact that I believe that they were more a family than anything else. I'm religious about the fact Tolkien gives us; that Aragorn left with the Dunedain Rangers as soon as his relationship with the Peredhil family was destroyed after he fell in love with Arwen. But before then, Tolkien is pretty clear about a young Aragorn being accepted in their family. After Arathon was slain, Lord Elrond took Aragorn and Gilrean into Imladris when Aragorn was a mere babe of two or three, and even Tolkien said that "Elrond took him in and loved him as his own son". That is exactly how I portray them. And, so, I automatically think that Elladan and Elrohir loved Estel as their little brother as he was growing up. This couldn't be described as anything other than family, right? Right. Let's dive right in, shall we? ~.~.~ Chapter One "This is your realm, and the heart of the greater realm that shall be. The Third Age of the world is ended, and the new age is begun; and it is your task to order its beginning and to preserve what may be preserved. For though much has been saved, much must now pass away." - Door-warden of Minas Tirith ~.~.~ Riding at last through the seventh gate of Minas Tirith and coming into the High Court, Legolas Thrandulion resembled all of the royalty that he was upon his white steed, Anaryn. The Prince of Greenwood dismounted gracefully and held his horse steady as he looked around him at the court, and his eyes first found the sapling of the White Tree of Minas Tirith in its first bloom. Beside it in the midst of the sweet sward of green grass rained the fountain. It had been seven months to the day that Legolas had resided in this magnificent city of Men, and it still awed him with its beauty. "For the fashion of Minas Tirith was such that it was built on seven levels, each delved into the hill, and about each was set a wall, and in each wall was a gate. But the gates were not set in a line: the Great Gate in the City Wall was at the east point of the circuit, but the next faced half south, and the third half north, and so to and fro upwards, so that the paved way that climbed towards the Citadel turned first this way and then that across the face of the hill. And each time that it passed the line of the Great Gate it went through an arched tunnel, piercing a vast pier of rock whose huge out-thrust bulk divided in two all of the circles of the city save the first. For partly in the primeval shaping of the hill, partly by the mighty craft and labor of Men, there stood up from the rear of the wide court behind the Gate a towering bastion of stone, its edge sharp as a ship-keel facing east. Up it rose, even to the level of the top-most circle, and there was crowned by a battlement; so that those in the Citadel might, like mariners in a mountainous ship, look from its peak sheer down upon the Gate seven hundred feet below. The entrance to the Citadel also looked eastward, but was delved in the heart of the rock; thence a long lamp lit slope ran up to the seventh gate. Thus men reached at last the High Court, and the Place of the Fountain before the feet of the White Tower: tall and shapely, fifty fathoms from its base to the pinnacle." [1] On May 1st of the previous year, the entire upper level of Minas Tirith had been filled with a frenzy of cheering and exuberant people. The Elves had sent their delegations respectfully to the city as well, of course, to attend the coronation of the King of Men. It was a day of celebration, and filled with a hope that made its way into the hearts of all who watched Aragorn – Elessar – take upon his head the crown of the kings. "It was shaped like the helms of the Guards of the Citadel, save that it was loftier, and it was all white, and the wings at either side were wrought of pearl and silver in the likeness of the wings of a sea-bird, for it was the emblem of kings who came over the Sea; and seven gems of adamant were set in the circlet, and upon its summit was set a single jewel, the light of which went up like a flame." [2] The Fellowship had dwelled in Minas Tirith for some time after the day of Elessar's coronation. Partially for recovery and tranquility from the end of the War of the Ring, and partially so that their Fellowship could remain in entire company, having been separated very early on their Quest. Legolas was especially glad for this accommodation; for it ensured that he was able to remain at Aragorn's side for the Man's first months as King. It would be false to say that Aragorn was not wary of sitting in the seat of the High Kings – though the Man had changed must on the Quest of the Ring, and was nonetheless prepared and determined to meet his birth-right head on – and the presence of Legolas, whom had been at his side for most of Aragorn's life, was a very welcome thing. The two comrades rested in the joy of knowing that the peace that they had fought for was settling its blanket over the lands of Middle-earth. And, on the 21st day of June, Legolas could stand at Aragorn's side as they watched Lord Elrond of Rivendell and his daughter make their way into the High Court of Minas Tirith amidst a splendorous, beautiful array of Noldorian Elves. To lay eyes on Arwen Undomiel; daughter of Elrond, Star of the Elves; made the King of Gondor's heart soar. Aragorn had revered the Elleth since he had fallen in love with her as a young man, and Arwen had found her fate of heart woven with his from that day, and was devoted to him in return. The trials they had faced because of their love had not been few, but they felt those years of toil fall away as they beheld each other that day. Arwen's vibrancy shone even brighter as Aragorn joyfully took her into his arms and kissed her at the foot of the White Tower. The marriage of King Elessar and Lady Arwen was held the following morning, on Mid-Year's Day, and Legolas stood proudly next to Lord Elrond as the love of the Elfstone and the Evenstar was sealed. Then, the events that followed were considered to be the winding down of the War of the Ring. Perhaps the most important of these doings do not in this tale concern the Ring Bearer; Frodo Baggins of the Shire; and his faithful company of dear Hobbit friends, or any magic Rings, for in this tale we shall follow the happenings of several others. A Mortal man, a Half-elven family, and an Elf-prince from Mirkwood. Legolas the Wood Elf, son of King Thranduil of Greenwood, chose to remain steadfast at the side of Aragorn, as is said earlier. Legolas had known Aragorn since the time when the Man had been taken into Rivendell and under Elrond's wing at the age of two; delivered by Elrond's twin sons when the Dúnedain village was raided and pillaged by Orcs of Sauron. Aragorn's father Arathon – leader of the Dúnedain clan – had been slain while riding out to meet the enemy, yet Gilrean his mother and himself had been escorted by Elladan and Elrohir safely back to Imladris. Lord Elrond swore to Gilrean that he would keep her son alive, and raise him as his own, as well as did Elladan and Elrohir swear to protect him. So in Rivendell Aragorn was raised for a time, given by Elrond the name Estel, which in the elven tongue is Hope. He was quickly known to the Elves and cherished by many. As a result of already being in close ties of friendship with both Lord Elrond and his sons, Legolas grew fond of the child as soon as they were introduced. Aragorn found the Wood Elf intriguing as well. Soon they became so close that they were nearly inseparable. As the boy grew into a man, their endless routines together of creating mischief and departing on adventure after adventure became so strong that their bond strengthened with it. Whether it be battles against ill fortune, or battles against the rising enemy, by the time Aragorn had reached the age of his manhood they had encountered every peril, or so it seemed. The laughter and tears that they shared wove them together with friendship, a rare bond of loyalty that few were lucky enough to find, slowly threaded with each act of trust or compassion that they showed. Secrets had been shared, burdens had been lifted, scars had been healed, and strength had been restored between them. And now – returned to Gondor in this new time, many years later than their first meeting – Legolas could see his friend again. He had traveled for a time with Gimli, and returned to reunite with his father in the forests of Mirkwood – or Greenwood, as his home was named after Sauron had been destroyed. But Legolas had been anxious to return to the new King, and here he stood. He was surprised to see such a large number of people in the courtyard, but he dismissed it as merely a subject of Aragorn's fresh reign. With a smile on his lips, Legolas handed off his reigns to a guard that hurried across the court to him, for he was anxious to take to the palace and announce himself to his friend. The Elf had just departed from his four kinsfolk in tread of the path around the fountain; nodding politely to the mingling peasants and townsfolk