The Apple Tree Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters or places that are associated with "The Lord of the Rings". They all belong to J.R.R Tolkien. ~.~.~ "A true friend assists readily, adventures boldly, patiently takes all, and furiously defends. He is a connection to life; a tie to the past. And a road to the future." "You never did tell me much on how your ride here fared, young one." Naturally, Legolas grinned at the pressing question of the Elf Lord that was currently watching him eat, dark eyes open for any signs of injury or discomfort. The Crown Prince of Mirkwood had arrived in the middle of the previous night and had barely taken the time to inform the household of the Last Homely House, whom all greeted him sleepily. The three sons of Elrond - having been woken from their sleep - gave their friend only several hours of small talk before all passing out on his chamber floor. Legolas' amusement had been short lived when his own weariness caught up to him and he quite literally crashed on his bed as well. Now, he and Lord Elrond were yet the only ones awake and were enjoying their breakfast on one of the half-in-half-out verandas of Rivendell's palace. Legolas was leaning leisurely against the counter directly under the bay window as he ate, legs crossed at the ankles, elbow resting on the smooth marble surface. Lord Elrond was seated at the table in the middle of the floor with his own dishes. "Are you still unable to fathom the fact that I have arrived in your home without an injury?" the blonde Prince teased, sparkling blue eyes moving to meet the elder Elf's own. Elrond chuckled. "That is a naive question for you to ask. Though I suppose that maybe your horse is in more need of tending than you, seeing as to how you always overwork every steed you take for your own." "Anaryn is fine," Legolas remarked with a roll of his eyes, turning back to his plate. "I gave him his respite along the way. Besides, every horse I do ride here is always spoiled by your sons." "That is quite true," the Elf Lord consented, smiling. "I am sure that is where Estel will head as soon as he has awoken." No sooner had the fond words left his lips did Aragorn himself rush into the room, path straight to the fruit bowl on the counter a few feet down from the Mirkwood Prince. When he saw that there were indeed several of the luscious red apples cradled in it, a relieved smile crossed his face. "Good, you Elf hogs have not devoured them all yet," he remarked as he snatched the fruits and dropped them into the pack he was carrying. "And good morning to you as well, ion nin!" Elrond exclaimed with incredulously raised eyebrows, sharing an amused glance with Legolas. The Elf Prince mimicked the gesture and reached across the counter, thwacking his Mortal friend quite promptly on the head with his fork. "Elf!" Aragorn threatened, making a swipe for the archer and shooting him a glare. "I'll kill you." Legolas avoided him easily and relaxed against the counter once more. "I am sure you will." Making an obvious move to ignore him, the Ranger turned towards his chuckling father. "Good morning, Ada," he said sweetly and Elrond rolled his eyes. "I am shocked you have awoken this early," Legolas remarked, bringing a cherry to his mouth. "It is not even noon yet." "Valar, you are oh so funny," Aragorn replied sarcastically as he swung his pack onto his shoulder and began stride towards the leave-way of the hall. "I am most definitely leaving. And please, Legolas, do not follow me." "Follow you ? I would not dream of it, lewd Mortal. Every time I do follow you I always fall head over heels into trouble. Or pain. So there really is no point in telling me not to follow you. There will definantly be no following. I am quite content right here. Run along, Adan . You will not be followed." Aragorn stood under the arch with one eyebrow raised and his form half turned to go as he listened. When Legolas finished and waved him away with his hand, the Man rolled his eyes fondly and nodded to his grinning father before disappearing around the corner. As soon as the sound of his soft footfalls receded, Legolas pushed away from the counter top. "I am following him," he retorted to Elrond and the Elf Lord nodded exasperatedly. "I had perceived as much," he chuckled. The Prince grinned at him before striding into the hall, humming lightly to himself and leaving behind a bemused Peredhil. ~.~.~ As both Elrond and Legolas had suspected, Aragorn made his way to the stables in the far west side of the courtyard. The Prince leaned against the woodwork of the entrance and watched as his friend stopped at Anaryn's stall and gingerly set his pack on the ground, drawing an apple from it. "Good morning, Anar," Aragorn said softly and the white stallion nodded his great head in return greeting, his warm eyes locked on the Ranger. Horse and Man had long been fast friends - perhaps since the first time Anaryn rode to the rescue without his rider of a captive and quite young Ranger. "Did you sleep well? I told the stable-hands to put an extra few bundles of hay in your stall as soon I knew you were going to be coming, so I hope you did." Anaryn gently pushed his head against the Man's chest and Aragorn laughed, stroking his nose. "Good. I am sure Legolas pushed you quite hard, as always, that naive Elf. Be pleased that for awhile you will be able to avoid him in the peaceful, beautiful serenity of Imladris." The white stallion snorted at the dramatic statement and Aragorn grinned. "Elladan and Elrohir are still shattering the serenity with their snores," the Man added with a roll of his eyes, "but they should be out to see you soon. As for me, I have brought you a treat." Holding up his hand Aragorn revealed the plump apple to his friend and Anaryn let loose a grateful whinny, nuzzling the Ranger's bristly cheek before relieving him of the fruit. Aragorn smiled and reached into his pack for another - which was gone as quick as the first. As Anaryn contentedly chewed his prize the Man swung his pack over his shoulder and lifted the latch on the horse's stall. "Come mellon nin, I must do something, and would like you to join me," he remarked and Anaryn leisurely sauntered from his confinement. "But you cannot tell anyone, especially Legolas, all right?" The stallion gave a clear nod and followed Aragorn through the stable, which gained a chorus of whinneys from the mares occupying the rest of the stalls. The Ranger rolled his eyes when Anaryn took more pronounced strides and came close to sticking his nose in the air as they emerged into the glare of the morning sun. They made their way along the front steps of the veranda of the palace - but before following his Mortal friend, Anaryn turned at the leave-way of the stables and nickered softly to the Elf that had hid himself in the shadow of the wall. "Shh, Anar, I am not supposed to be here!" Legolas hissed at his steed, pushing the horse's nose away. "Go with him, and don't you dare tell him that I am following." The white horse snorted and nipped at the Prince's hair before turning back and trotting to catch up to the retreating Man. At the east edge of the courtyard Aragorn passed Lady Celebrial's garden and set foot on a small path along the edge of the Last Homely House, which was quite overgrown yet seemed long used. Upon this horse and Ranger walked quietly for several moments, passing the main body of the palace and continuing towards the mountains that Imladris was the cradled in. The trek turned out to be quite a long one. Just as Anaryn was giving up hope of catching sight of anything interesting, Aragorn turned left towards the wall of trees and passed between two towering oaks that were curled inward, their top boughs nearly touching and forming somewhat of an entry-way. Intrigued, the horse passed through them and was surprised to find himself in an open glade, lit by streaks of the rising sun and littered with the falling leaves of the surrounding wood. It was empty, save for a single tree that stood in the midst of the softly glowing grass. It was an apple tree. For a moment; after setting his pack on the ground; Aragorn merely gazed at it, and Anaryn stood silently by the opening. The Man eventually turned and smiled at him, motioning him closer. "I suppose this seems a bit odd," Aragorn chuckled once the horse stood beside him and Anaryn lightly nudged his shoulder in the negative. "This is my secret glade. I found it a long time ago - I could not have been more than five or six years of age - and as I grew older it became my play place. No one knows of it yet even now; save Legolas. I brought him here when I was eight years old and he promised to not reveal it to anyone." A soft smile touched his face. "He is the one who helped me plant the apple tree." Anaryn's eyes widened slightly in surprise and Aragorn nodded, moving forward and pulling one of the red fruits from a lower bough. "When I was nine, he had to leave Rivendell for the first time since I had met him, and I heard him tell my father that he would be gone for a long time. A very long time. I was furious, and upset; I could not contain myself and blew my cover. My words were along the lines of 'Fine, go then! I want you to leave! I hope you never come back, stupid Elf!'" When Anaryn snorted Aragorn turned and shoved him lightly, an embarrassed smile brushing his countenance. "Hush, Anar, I was but a child, and a hurt one at that. But I knew that what I had said was wrong, and so I ran here, hoping no one would follow me. Legolas did. He knew where I would go, and when he showed up, I was far from angry anymore." ~ Flashback ~ "Estel?" Legolas said softly as he stepped into the quiet glade, his booted feet not making a sound. "Estel, I know that you are here. Will you come out, please?" The boy peeked around the tree that he was hiding behind at the edge of the clearing, large silver eyes filled with tears. The Elf Prince's heart softened and he knelt on one knee, holding out a hand. "Come here, little one." His gentle voice made Estel's tears overflow and the small child ran forward as they spilled onto his cheeks, fairly throwing himself into the Crown Prince's arms. Slightly startled, Legolas steadied himself before pulling the boy against his chest. "I'm sorry, Legolas," Estel whispered into the Elf's tunic. "I don't want you to leave." "Nor do I wish to leave, either," Legolas murmured, "yet I have been here for a very long time, Estel, and my father needs me home now." "But this is your home!" the boy cried, wrapping his small arms around him. The Elf sighed. "And we need you more," his young friend added almost grumpily. "Nay, Estel, you only think that you need me more," Legolas corrected and Estel shook his head resolutely against his chest. "Yes, young one, it is true. My father needs me very much right now. When you are older you will understand why." "When