The sky was still grey with predawn light as she snuck to the barn and rode out to find the witch. "Hello?" She called. "Good morning." "I'm looking for the Witch Amalie?" "Are you sure you wish to find me?" She took a breath to steady her nerves and dismounted from the horse. "Please, I need your help." Turning back to her, the lavender eyed woman nodded, "I know why you've come child but I must warn you, magic comes at a cost be sure you are willing to pay it." She clenched her jaw and lifted her chin to meet the witches eyes before nodding. "Come then. We'll have some tea and I will work your will." "Thank you." She breathed in relief, sniffling a little as she followed into the cottage. I woke with a start; the ever-changing dreams haunting me were so strange, everyone was in shadow and mist so I could almost recognize them but didn't. Nightmares were not new, not since, he and his family had left. Not since Victoria. The vampire was staring from the corner of the room again, a statue. We were quite the pair, the broken human and the shattered vampire, companions travelling a dark world together. I got up and went to the bathroom of the motel to shower and get dressed, my human moments, Victoria didn't move until I was standing at the door, ready to leave. Then the living, depending on your definition of living, but so long as a heart beat wasn't within yours then yes, the living statue finally moved, faster than the eye could see, out the door ahead of me. Both our bags stored into the car and settled into the drivers seat. At a much slower pace, I followed and climbed in after her. The setting sun bringing the quiet comfort of night, my existence now was night, something Victoria accepted without question. I slept through the afternoons, the time when life was at its busiest, when pain of all that could have or should have been for me was a constant reminder of only pain and death. I settled against the door and studied Victoria thinking back to the day we had first spoken to each other. I had been sitting in the dark kitchen of my home when I felt the chill of the vampire, "Why don't you kill me?" There was no fear in my voice, no emotion at all, I was drained of emotion and did not care one way or another that soon I would be drained of my very life as well. "I'd rather cause you suffering first." "You're going to torture me." My words caught a little at that, as my heart stuttered, pain was something I still reacted to, at least, physical pain. "Physical torture is messy, psychological games are oh so much more scarring." "My pain wont hurt them." I wasn't sure I had anything left to break anyways. "Pity." She snorted, "So much time wasted." "I'm sorry." Victoria simply stared at me for a long while. "You are, aren't you?" I nodded, tears burning my eyes, and begged, "Kill me." "No. If I have to live on without my James, then you my sweet, will live as well, simply for being a player in the game. This way, I see you suffer as well. Besides, the old adage is true, misery loves company." She chuckled mirthlessly. "So what then?" Her tone softened then, and for a moment I saw her humanity, "You are still human Bella, change is in your nature, you can still go on with your life, you can still heal." "I feel like my soul has been shredded, a hole punched into my chest and my heart gone. I feel like, I feel…" My voice trailed off, breathing difficult around the jagged edges of my chest. Victoria tilted her head in thought, "You mate like a vampire but the bond wasn't mated." I just looked at her, frowning in confusion. "Mate bonds are very special." I nodded, of course they were special, true love is very special. "My mate wouldn't have hunted a bonded mate Bella. Your tie to Edward was of possession, perhaps of love," She conceded the last gently, "But not of a mate." She closed her eyes an expression of pain on her face, "It's the one rule James would never have broken. It was his rule. Never get between mates. We've crossed paths with only one vampire with a human mate. She was only thirteen and he was waiting until she was older to change her. He guarded her very carefully. The tenor of his mind, the tone of his emotions, the color of his soul was all bound to hers in a way that read through James's gift. He could track anyone from those things. He, he'd get a feel for a person, I don't know how to explain it but the tie to a mate was always there, human or vampire. A true mate bond, even the weaker in the weaker form of a human wasn't something he severed. It was his only rule. I should have known, should have seen but I was so blind by the pain." Bella could see the venom coating her eyes, tears she could not shed, the pain forever locked within her. "Even after they left you, it was all I could do to dull the pain, to hunt you. He wouldn't have broken that rule. You aren't the boys mate." The pain within me didn't get better or worse as I listened, I wasn't numb, just so consumed with the pain that I couldn't feel more. We sat in silence for a long time, the grey light in the kitchen darkening as we sat until the room had gone from shadows to the dark of full night. "What now?" I asked her again. "Now?" It was almost a question but she took a breath and her eyes met mine, "Now we leave this town to the wolves and seek not to return, now we'll go where the memories don't haunt quite so thoroughly." "Is there a place the memories wont follow?" "No." She conceded, "But we can try to out run them long enough to heal." "Can you?" Sad eyes met haunted ones, "It's a misconception that vampires can only mate once. It's rare to find a true mate, some don't but they'll fall in love and share their lives at least for a time. James was my everything, he was my soul mate, I was one of the lucky. Perhaps in the centuries to come, I'll find my James again." "You mean like reincarnation?" She shrugged, "James believed it." Venom coated her eyes again, "Now that's all I have, I have to believe it." Victoria helped me pack and then she set the house on fire. We were deep in the woods before the flames caught. The wolves caught up with us, stopping just across a small river, we stared at each other a while, them on one side and Victoria and I on the other. I could see suffering and understanding in Sam's eyes as they met mine and he nodded. Whatever the future would bring for them, I wished them happiness, I held no malice for what had been, and though we would never be friends I was sorry to know that if we ever met again it would be as enemies. I sought, as Victoria said, never to return, so I supposed this was goodbye not as friends or enemies but people who had shared pain. Victoria had taken us to Port Angeles where we took a ferry into Canada and from there, we haven't stopped for long, not in nearly three years. "What are you thinking about?" Victoria broke the silence of the darkened car. "Forks." "Your father?" Tears stung my eyes but like her venom would not fall. "He shouldn't have died." She said nothing, just nodded. We pulled into a diner and parked. It was old routine now. We'd both order coffee and something 'to share' which I would eat. While we waited my thoughts wandered to Charlie. My father had loved me so much. He'd gone out to talk to Jake, trying to help, to fix things because I was breaking again. He fought with Billy about it and then, confronted Jake as he came out of the woods with Sam, Paul, Jared and Embry. New wolves are volatile and whatever was said, he phased, Charlie grabbed his gun, backing away, he tripped and his gun went off. That was about the time I arrived. Charlie had accidentally shot Jared. Embry phased the moment the gun went off and Paul a moment later with Jared's pained cry. I ran to my father. He was bleeding so badly. They told the police it was a bear attack. It was an accident, only an accident. I sat there, crying, holding my father until they took him away. Charlie had several deep claw marks on his arms and torso but the thing that had killed him was the blow he took to the head when he fell, the jagged corner of a rock hitting his temple. I had just returned from his funeral and sat in my kitchen when Victoria had come for me. It wasn't their fault but I couldn't look at Jacob or even Billy. If things had been done differently, if, but there is no point to if, we all could have done something different in hindsight. It was an accident, a horrible, scarring accident. After coffee and a 'shared' muffin, Vicky and I left the diner, we stopped at a truck stop, so she could feed, it didn't bother me much anymore, it was the circle of life, the shark fed from the seal that fed from the fish that fed from the whatever fish ate. I was a seal and Vic was shark, I ate burgers and she drank vagrants. Life, death, nourishment, another day passing, such was existence and for me, there was always something missing always my heart aching. We drove all night, no destination in mind; we would drive until we felt like stopping a while, a few weeks or months at a time. Lately though, I'd just been so tired, too tired. "I think you should see a doctor." Victoria told me as we stopped for me to eat again, the sun just beginning to lighten the sky. "It's just a bad day Vic, I've had them before." "You've had them a lot lately Bell." I shrugged, "That time of year again." Victoria persisted though and I was too tired to argue so I agreed, and she led us back to the car. I drifted as she drove, the strange dreams haunting me, blurring with the memories. I started awake, my whole body ached and my eyes felt hot though as usual I felt cold and shivered. "Where are we?" Victoria shrugged, "Some small town big enough to have a hospital." She nodded towards the building we were parked near. "I'm fine Vic." "If you think I'm going to let you off easy by letting you get sick and die you're wrong now get your ass inside or I'll carry you in." I sighed but got out. I fell three feet from the car. I never hit the damp cement. Instead, Victoria caught me and supporting me from the side, so it didn't look so odd, she helped me inside. Hours later I was told quite simply, I was dying, sorry, nothing to be done. Victoria and I said nothing as we got back in the car. They'd offered treatment, ways of prolonging things. Ways that would make me feel as sick as I apparently was. We spent the day driving, as though putting distance between us and that hospital would make it somehow untrue. That night she stopped at a hotel, a