The half remembered dream startled her awake. She'd had the same one since that first day of school, when she wasn't dreaming about Edward and the mystery surrounding him. Mystery solved and her relationship with the vampire sound, the mystery dream seemed to be taking over, though she could never quite remember it upon waking. Tired, she gratefully poured the cup of coffee Charlie had left her when he'd gone to work and ignored the brief flirtation her mind had of eating any breakfast. A knock on her door startled her and mug of coffee left on the table she went to let Alice in, "I forgot." She told her new friend, "Sorry." "Are you alright Bella? Only Jasper says you've been feeling a bit… down and we've been planning this trip to Seattle all week." "No, no, I'm fine, just tired and um, I miss my mom, that's probably what he's feeling." Alice observed her for a few minutes before nodding slowly in agreement, "OK, well why don't you get ready and you can nap in the car while I drive, unless you don't want to go any more. I'm sure I can just order a dress online." "No, I want to go." Bella forced a smile, "Really, just give me a minute to get ready." "Great." Alice beamed at her and Bella hurried up the steps to get dressed, she'd promised to go with Alice to Seattle for the weekend. Alice wanted to find the perfect dress for Prom since it would be on the anniversary of her meeting Jasper and since Bella was human, they were all planning to attend this year." "Alice?" Bella asked in the car. "Hm?" "Did you and Jasper get married the same day or something, is that why it's such an important anniversary?" "Jasper and I aren't married." Alice frowned at her. "Oh, I just, I mean, I assumed, I'm sorry." "It's ok." Alice sent her an almost sad smile, "I do love him, that's why this anniversary is important, we celebrate being together every decade and this is our fifth but we're," Alice sighed, "It's easier to let everyone believe we are what we aren't, I mean the family all knows of course and we are together but, well, Jasper and I aren't mates." "What?" Bella practically jumped in her seat. Alice chuckled, "Like I said, the family knows and he and I have never been married but we are companions so its just easier to let people believe we're a couple instead of best friends who sometimes take physical comfort in each other. I didn't mean to keep it secret from you or anything, actually I figured Edward would have told you when he told you about each of us." "He didn't, well I mean he did but only very little, he said it was all your stories to tell. I've only ever heard about his and Carlisle's past." "Oh." Alice seemed genuinely surprised, "How very… Edward of him." She sighed and sent a smile, "He can be very sensitive, really he's just so very private and doesn't like to talk about others because his insight into our thoughts can get muddled with what is said and he hates the idea he might betray someone's confidence, especially the ones he's got from our heads and not our mouths." Alice sent a smile to her, "I suppose that's a bit convoluted and confusing, needless to say, it was just very… Edward, of him not to say." Bella nodded, unsure what to add, "I'm sure it's hard for him, knowing the things he does." "It is." Alice agreed, "It can be hard for us both knowing some things even when we maybe shouldn't know them." "I'm so sorry Alice." Bella had never thought too much on the burden of their gifts, "Jasper too, it must be so difficult." Alice nodded and sent her a sad smile, "It's even harder for him sometimes, before we met, well we were both sort of alone in it, me especially, Jasper, he saved me, even before he knew me, he was my beacon, a rock I held onto. I owe him everything, he'd tell it different of course." "What do you mean?" "When I woke to this life, I remembered nothing, just darkness and the burning, my name and that there was no one, that I was alone, that I'd been alone a long time." "Oh Alice." Bella wished she could hug the pixie vampire but she was still driving. Alice sent her a sad smile before focusing back on the road and continuing, "I had a vision, it scared me so much, then I had another and another. I saw people approaching, I saw me killing them, I saw the Cullen's. It took me a long time to teach myself their ways but I worked so hard at it, all the time and I knew, I knew one day I'd find them and we'd be family because besides my name, I knew, without a doubt that my visions were real. I held the visions of the Cullen's and that hope very closely, knowing one day I'd be with them, but I never went looking for them. I was afraid, being alone, but the visions of Jasper, of meeting him, of loving him came too and I saw that in all the images of the Cullen's Jasper was with me and I knew I needed him first. I was still afraid, that my visions made me a freak, that I wouldn't be wanted, all I could do was have faith in those visions but I was so alone Bella, a freak even to my own kind. Then I met him. I was so excited in the diner, I didn't have time to be nervous or afraid he wouldn't like me because I saw that he would, that once I met him, I would never have to be alone again. I held onto that, even more than the Cullen's, for ninety years he's been my rock and from that day, fifty years ago, he's made sure I'm safe and happy and never ever alone, especially in the dark." She laughed, "A vampire who sees perfectly at night and I'm still afraid to be alone in the dark." "Alice." Bella's eyes were brimming with tears as she reached over and took her friend's hand, squeezing it with all her strength. "Like I said," Alice turned to smile at her, "I owe him everything. That day in the diner changed my life, he showed me friendship and even love and together we found the Cullen's. Sometimes I wish I loved him like that, in the forever way of Carlisle and Esme but I don't and he doesn't love me like that. He's my very best friend, over the years we have taken physical comfort in each other but its more… emotional than physical or even mental compatibility." She smirked at me, "Jasper and I don't have very much in common, I'm sure you noticed." "I just, I thought, you seem, well so much in love." "We are, it's just not that kind of love." Alice explained. "Jasper doesn't just know my every emotion Bella, he knows everything behind every emotion, I tell him everything and he tells me everything, even the things he doesn't like to talk about. I think we know each other better than we know ourselves and that kind of bond, its rare, especially between those who aren't mates, I suppose its why we come off as mates." "So you aren't even a couple?" Alice shrugged, "I guess we are, I mean, we're companions. We do everything together, share everything, we are even physical sometimes, I just mean we aren't mates, so we never married and one day, hopefully, we'll be so lucky to find our soul mates and then I'll get another sister and I just know, even if I haven't seen it, that I'll love her just as much as Rosalie and you and we'll be the best of friends, all of us, we'll be a family and take care of each other always." "Family's really important to you." Bella whispered in thought. "I never had one, not that I can remember. That's partly why it's hard to not be so… enthusiastic, about our friendship, it's so real to me, even though it's a bit new for you, like with Jasper at the diner, I just can't help it, knowing someone is going to be so important to me and finally meeting them, getting to know them in real life, its hard to give them the time to catch up. I was like that with the Cullen's too, they were my family long before I was theirs." "You don't have to try with me Ali." Bella sent her a warm if still slightly sad smile, "I might be playing catch up on getting to know you but you're already the best friend I ever had." Alice shot her a wide smile, venom glistening in her eyes, "You always seem to understand us Bella, to accept us, even at our strangest." "Well its fair since you all accept me, even at my clumsiest." Bella tried to lighten the mood not used to the normally exuberant pixie being so somber. "Yes well it does keep things interesting having to hold our breaths if you stumble just in case." She laughed. "So where does the torture," Bella laughed, "I mean shopping begin." Alice sent her a mock glare, "Just for that I'm making you try on a couple things I know you wont buy or look fantastic in." "Oh no." Bella fake groaned, "You already make me try on too much." Alice just laughed and pulled the car into a parking spot, "Come on, you'll have fun, I promise." Despite herself, Bella did enjoy shopping with Alice. The clothes were usually way to expensive and not what she'd normally choose but they looked good, no they looked great and Bella always felt more confident in them. True to her word Alice made her try on a few things she wouldn't look fabulous in and though it was difficult to make Alice look anything but adorable and gorgeous, she tried on some truly heinous dresses as well, making the two girls laughter ring through the dress shop as they pranced about and played. The bags were mostly sent ahead to the hotel and Alice took Bella out to dinner at a diner. Shocked they weren't at a fancy place Bella turned to Alice as the girl slid into a booth. Alice shrugged, "I have a fondness for old diners. It's a Jasper thing." Bella laughed and nodded, "Sentimental from meeting him in one?" "Yes." Alice nodded, "He also loves the smell of coffee and likes to people watch." Alice grinned, "Jasper comes up with the best stories about the people that go by, he knows their emotions of course and comes up with whole stories about them. Sometimes, when we're in the city, we'll spend Sundays walking around and find an old diner and spend hours people watching. They're some of my favorite memories from our decades together and I can't help but like the smell of coffee even though I sort of think it stinks and have a fondness for these old diners. It's like, cowboy boots, pickup trucks and thunderstorms, not things I care for at all but so very Jasper that I have a strange fondness for them too." Bella nodded, "Well I'll have to thank Jasper then because I'm much more comfortable eating here than at the other places I can imagine you'd bring me." "I know." Alice smiled, "That's why I picked this place." Alice ordered a coffee and Bella a burger with fries and a coke. Alice smiled indulgently and sniffed at the coffee wrinkling her nose a little in distaste even as a small smile teased the corner of her mouth.