" All the world's a stage, And all the men and women merely players; They have their exits and their entrances, And one man in his time plays many parts..." - William Shakespeare Kaden woke slowly, the fog of sleep reluctant to release its hold on him. His limbs felt heavy and weighed down, mind reluctant to fully wake after the lack of sleep it received the night before. The bed was as hard as ever, but it felt blissfully soft in this half-aware state, and for a moment – just a moment – he could pretend that today wasn't the reaping, could forget the fear for his sister that kept him up last night, tossing and turning with restless energy until his own exhaustion got the better of him. But he'd never been a particularly good liar. He opened his eyes, wincing when they caught the glare of sunlight peeking through the gap in the curtains. Turning his face away, he looked down at the blond head tucked against his collar, a fond smile pulling up the corners of his lips. Prim had always had a tendency to sneak into his bed the night before reapings, worried that her brother would be the one chosen that year. His smile faded. This time, Prim was in danger too. With a faint sigh he slowly sat up, gently nudging Prim over a little in order to escape. Her hold tightened for a second before he carefully removed her arms, and she clutched the thin pillow he'd been laying on instead. Kaden grinned at that, then slid out of the bed and onto his feet. Cold! He grimaced, resisting the urge to yelp, not wanting to wake either his sister or his father. He should be used to it by now, but he'd never been a big fan of the cold. He loved the sun and the heat, no matter how rare it was, and spent as much time as he could soaking it up in the summer months. Though it was only the middle of July, the past week had been a cold one, winds kicking up the coal dust that coated the Seam. It didn't seem as bad today – a peek through the curtains revealing the nearly cloudless sky – but the pervasive morning cold still made his skin break out in goosebumps, and he pulled his leather boots on gratefully. What he wouldn't give to live in one of the warmer districts... He'd slept in his trousers from yesterday, his only other pair having a large rip in them from where he'd just dodged a swipe from one of the larger wild dogs – more wolf than dog, in Kaden's opinion, the snarling creature was certainly larger than the usual ones - a few days earlier. He picked up his shirt – noting it was getting a bit old too, threads unravelling at the edges – and pulled it on, wishing they could afford to keep the fire burning all night so he might've left the shirt to warm by it. Still, he knew that it'd adjust to his body temperature quickly enough. He started a little when his father coughed, a flash of black hair showing from under the sheets as the man turned over in his sleep. Kaden hoped he was enjoying the few extra hours of sleep. He, however, always found it impossible to go back to sleep after waking up. Besides, he had to go meet Gale. Keeping his footsteps light he grabbed his forage bag from its hook, pulling the strap over his head as he walked over to the wooden bowl set on the table. He grinned and picked up the goat cheese hidden beneath; Prim's gift to him on reaping day. He was glad he managed to convince father to allow Prim to keep Lady, as Prim had named the goat, even if the older man had been pretty grumpy with him for a while after. But how could he say no to his little sister when she was practically sobbing, begging him to save the injured goat? " Mrraow." Speaking of animals Prim had decided to save. Buttercup, the ugliest cat he'd ever seen, twisted around his legs, looking up at him with dull green eyes before the feline made its way over to Prim and jumped on to curl up beside her. He was not a cat person, and when he had seen the flee-infested kitten Prim had brought home a few years ago he wasn't about to change his mind. But then she brought out the puppy-eyes (a technique he was both proud and chagrined to say she learnt from him) and he knew he'd lost. Father hadn't been very happy. Kaden had spent several months as a sort of protector for the bedraggled cat, who soon learnt to hide either behind or on him to escape Tero's wrath. His father would never harm Prim just to get to the cat, but she was very young then, and spent a lot of her time playing or sleeping. Since then, though Buttercup – Kaden still couldn't see how the dirty yellow fur of the cat was supposed to be similar to the flower's bright shade – preferred Prim by far, Kaden represented safety. He didn't mind Buttercup too much, since he mostly caught his own food, taking care of the mice that sometimes nibbled at their already meagre food supplies. And the cat made Prim happy, satisfying his big brother instincts. Stepping out of the house, the first thing he noticed was how quiet it was. He was used to the bustle of miners heading out for the morning shift, his father amongst them, not the empty streets presented to him. It wasn't a complete shock though – it was like this last year – but it was still a bit strange, and made him quicken his step as he walked towards the small, ragged field that was the Meadow. It was what separated the outermost houses in the Seam and the chain-link fence that enclosed District 12. The fence was supposed to be electrified, but as far as he knew it hadn't been for years, and there was a convenient weak spot – one of a few - that he slid under. He really should check, knew his father would be lecturing his ear off if he found out, but he was in a bit of a rush, having woken up a bit later than he thought judging by the placement of the sun in the sky. On the other side there was only a short gap to the woods themselves. The tall trees were comforting as he walked between them, breathing deeply to take in the fresh scent of the forest. He'd always felt most at home here, and had more than once entertained the fantasy of running away to live here, far away from the fear the Capitol inspired. If he kept going there was nothing but wilderness ahead of him, the sea to the east and the ruins of District 13 to the west. He tried to imagine it; just him and the trees and the animals. His eyes opened – when had he closed them? - and he sighed, jogging lightly to get his blood flowing and heat his body up. Leaves crunched beneath his boots, quietly enough that is shouldn't gain any attention. He never followed the same route, not wanting to leave a trail for others to follow, even if that made it harder for him to navigate the forest. But he practically grew up here, knew every bush and stream well enough to walk it blind, and he'd be rather ashamed if he ever got lost. Kaden stopped when he reached the familiar spot. In front of him was a forked tree, the thick trunk burnt slightly in a slanted line that was only obvious if you knew what you're looking for. He crouched down, brushed away a few leaves from the ground to reveal an old lock seemingly lodged in the forest floor, the edges brown with rust. His hand slipped under his shirt collar and grabbed the key hanging from a piece of string around his neck, pulling it over his head and inserting it into the lock. Tongue sticking out between his teeth he tried to turn it one, two, three times before the old tumblers finally worked, allowing him to lift up a square patch of ground about two metres long and and half that wide. Kaden grinned in triumph; last time he was here ages trying to get the thing to unlock. Inside was a selection of weapons. Most were pretty basic; knives of various sizes and types, four swords – one barely more than a dagger, another almost as tall as he was – and a few bows. But hidden beneath them was where the more dangerous ones lay; guns and tasers and grenades - weapons only the Peacekeepers were supposed to have access to. The problem? The majority were so old they were falling apart, or didn't even have any ammunition, making them just as useless. Apparently this was a weapons cachet set up way back when the districts rebelled, and though they lost, Kaden's father's line passed on knowledge of it to their own children, as if in the hope that one day they would finally be put to use. Most of it was junk, but Kaden enjoyed learning how to use the rest, though he stayed away from the guns in case the shots were heard. His father taught him how to use the functional weapons to an 'acceptable degree', whatever that meant, then he had to learn the rest through trial and error. There was definitely a lot of error involved, for his limited success. He found he had great aim, so he took to the bow and throwing knives quite well, and ended up concentrating most of his effort on them since they were so useful in hunting. He didn't really have the time to practise much with the others, not if he wanted to keep his family fed as the same time. Kaden grabbed a quiver of arrows and slung them over his shoulder, resting his bow on the opposite one, and strapped a couple of knives to his belt. Then he closed the lid of the compartment, locking it and covering it with a scattering of leaves as a precaution. Nobody except Gale and him, and sometimes his father, ever really went into the forest, but it was better not to leave something that could be so dangerous to chance. He didn't want to think about what would happen if a Peacekeepers found out. He'd like to think that they'd keep it a secret, wanted to be able to trust them, but when it could put Prim in danger just by association he couldn't risk it. Brushing away his dark thoughts he made his way up the steady incline. Up ahead was where he usually met Gale. The rock ledge overlooked the valley, a lake glittering at the bottom of the hill where they would swim in warmer weather. His eyes closed with a pleased hum as he stepped out of the shade of the trees, facing turning up and basking in the sunshine. A finger poked his forehead and he opened his eyes, making a affronted sound. Gale was there, grinning and looking pleased that he'd managed to catch Kaden off-guard. He was obviously still a bit sore from when Kaden had caught him daydreaming whilst they were supposed to be hunting, and tackled him to the ground to shock him 'awake'. Eyeing the taller, broader boy, Kaden felt glad that Gale hadn't decided to use the same technique. He wasn't too keen on getting crushed. "I swear you're more flower than human, Kai." Gale said teasingly. A few years back Kaden had decided that he hated