Title: Fortune Favours - reference to the Latin proverb Fortuna fortes aduivat, which translates to fortune favours the bold/brave/strong Rating: T for violence, swearing, etc. Pairing: None yet, possible Finnick/OC Summary: Lavisa Jaeger is from District 2, a Career, so it makes sense for her to join the pack. But Lavisa is looking for a bit of fun before she dies, and so she finds the weakest players in this game and forms her alliance. Poss. Finnick/OC much later . . . I get up early on the day of the reaping, like I always do. It's more habit that tradition. I'm used to getting up early in the morning, to help out my mother before I have to go to school. As one of the more talented blacksmiths in the District 2 her works are always in high demand, and I've been assisting her since I learnt to walk. She has actual assistants, of course, but she always complains that they don't truly appreciate what it is to be a blacksmith, to mould and create a perfect tool. Or something along those lines. She likes ranting. Personally, I couldn't care less about the creation aspect; it's using weapons that I find fascinating. To learn the intricate dance until the – sword, axe, scythe, dagger – is but another part of yourself, until it is more real and precious than the air in your lungs. Some revel in the power, others in the pain. I relish in the freedom , in the knowledge. I know all the steps, and my weapon is my twirling partner. I guess that's why I do so well in training. My background gives me an advantage; surrounded by weapons my entire life due to my mother, and pressured into studying them by my Peacekeeper father. Instead of a doll I was given a throwing knife to practise with. Instead of a pretty dress I was handed weights. Instead of dance lessons I was taught the weak points in the body, the best places to go for even if I was unarmed. Humans have a rather strong bite when they are determined, after all. If I had failed I have no doubt that they would have gotten rid of me, dropped me off at the orphanage if I was lucky. No parent in District 2 wants a child who is unable to fight. My brother was born small and weak and sick. My parents left him out in the cold to die when he was only a few hours old, before he could be registered by the Capitol. The same happens to dozens of children every year. I was five and curious when I asked my father why they did this. He said that our family had a saying. The weak are meat, the strong eat. To my young self it sounded like nonsense. Now it makes sense. Survival of the fittest is what they teach us to be our one and only truth, and I've seen it demonstrated too many times not to believe it. I'm sitting outside my house, at the back in the space between the neighbours house and my own, on top of a wooden crate. It had carried some blocks of steel and iron and other metals, and had been left out here under a tarp so that we'd have some firewood if we needed it. In my hands are a set of tarot cards. I got them on my first reaping day, from Crazy Uncle Renzer, and have been using them to keep my hands occupied since. It's more interesting than using a knife. With a knife, sure, you can flip it and throw it back and forth but there's a limit to what you can do. Cards are much more complicated. You can flick them from one hand to another, shuffle them, throw them, twist them away and make them reappear. Crazy Uncle Renzer called them his magic tricks, and he taught me some of them before he died. He was my favourite uncle, so I was disappointed when he was blown up in an accident at work. They never even found any of his remains. Before every reaping I play with the cards and use them to 'tell my fortune'. That's what they're supposed to be used for, though you can play games with them too, but I think my set isn't complete enough to do properly so I make up games that only I know the rules to. I don't believe that cards can really tell the future, but it's fun, and something to occupy my mind with. I get bored far too easily. I shuffle the cards and cross my legs under me, so that there's room on the box to spread the cards out on. I pick three of them, carefully pushing the rest back into a pile and putting them to the side. I turn the first card over. It's a bit faded, the colours not as bright as they'd once been and the edges bent and slightly tattered, but I can clearly see what it depicts. La Roue de Fortune X is written across the bottom in curling gold letters. A dragon and a winged cat fight on top of a wheel while trying to hold on tight. A pair of eagle-headed men climb up the wheel while confronting each other, standing on the backs of human-faced animals with their outer legs and grasping the wheel with their inner legs. Coins fall from the bottom onto the ground beneath it, where they lie in unnoticed stacks. The Wheel of Fortune. I consider it for a moment, before flipping over the next card. This one says L'impératrice II and shows the reflection of a beautiful who is admiring herself in a mirror. She has fair hair, tan skin and dark brown eyes, and the mirror is held by sly-looking demons who are clutching at her red dress. The Empress, or Eve. I look at her face, observing her laughing eyes and unnaturally wide smile. My hand hesitates over the final card, a strange apprehension rising inside me. With a scoff I push it away and turn over the card, and freeze as a chill works its way down my back. I can't tell if it's of fear or excitement. La Mort XIII depicts a robed skeletal figure with a scythe raised to strike. Behind him stands a serpent-like man in a similar robe armed with a similar scythe who is preparing to strike him down. Death stares up at me, and I laugh. . . . By the time I suppress my giggles the sun has risen. I can't see much of it from here, the buildings blocking much of it, but when I look straight up the sky is streaked with oranges and reds. The street lights flicker off automatically, their dull yellow glow replaced by the natural sunlight. I lean back against the wall, tossing and catching cards as I cycle through the deck. My village is relatively near to the square, where the reapings will take place. We still need to take a train, though the journey will be short. I imagine it can't be much fun for those who live further away, deeper into the mountains. District 2 has it's reapings early in the day, so that the people in the Capitol can watch all of them live and in order, whilst the tributes will still have time to get to the Capitol in time for the opening ceremony. My family always makes sure to get there early, so that we avoid the rush and panic of the latecomers. As far as I know no one has ever been properly late, but no one wants to risk it, not when the penalty would be death. I look down at my watch which tells me that I have an hour to get dressed into something appropriate and eat before we have to leave. I uncross my legs and hop to my feet, placing the cards in my jacket pocket. Then I run up the wall of the house besides mine, using it like a springboard to press off hard and twist away, reaching for my window ledge. My legs fold up to brace myself when I land, and I hit it with a thunk. There's no point in being quiet; my parents will be awake by now, and they already know about my tendency for early mornings. In fact, they prefer that I do this rather than bothering them. The window is open, so all I have to do is pull myself in. It's easy, with so much practise under my belt. I close the window behind me and walk over to my wardrobe, which stands beside my bed. My family is one of the richer ones, what with the double income and the little extra money they get paid for sending me to Career training. So I get my own room, and have only experienced what it is like to starve as part of training exercises. I drop my grey jacket on my bed and open the wardrobe, selecting a red blouse that is made of some silky material, and a pair of fitted black trousers. They are my reaping clothes, and have been for the past two years since I hit my growth spurt at fourteen and had to replace my small selection of clothing. In District 2 it is very uncommon to see any girls in dresses, though I have seen a few skirts at reapings in the past. I think it's because anyone who is entered into the Career programme is forbidden from wearing anything so nondurable and impeding on movement, and most children is at least tested for suitability. Those who don't pass are viewed as even lower than the orphans. At least the orphans have an excuse. I store away my sleep clothes – a tatty grey shirt and three-quarter lengths – and slip on my reaping clothes, then step into my sole pair of shoes and tie them up. I glance longingly at my combat boots, before grabbing my jacket and leaving my room. My house isn't exactly a house. We live in a set of rooms above the blacksmith's workshop. This means that it's usually quite warm due to the forge, though in winter not even that can keep out the freezing cold. So in the main room is a small fireplace where my parents and I sleep in front of during winter, heaped under a pile blankets and sharing our limited body heat. But it is summer now, so instead a wooden table is situated in the middle of the room with three chairs at a side each; we don't get guests. My parents are sitting there, a pile of bread lying on a plat in the middle of the table. My father glances up when he hears me enter. He has the face of a man who was once handsome, but time has wrinkled his skin and narrowed his slightly slanted eyes that I share, years of little smiling deepening his frown. He has a scar that runs across his forehead at a slant, where a boy in his training group – or his pack, as people tend to call them - when he was a kid took a lucky shot. The kid didn't live for much longer after that. "Good morning, father," I say respectfully. It's ingrained in me; respect for my parents. Obedience. Fear. It's a common theme in District 2 families, or at least the military ones. I've heard of teenagers who seem to be able to get away with anything with their parents, who skip classes and miss curfew and stay out all night with their friends. I could never imagine being allowed to do that, even if I ha a desire to do so. My father nods and dismisses me from his mind. The usual. "Good