Disclaimer: The PJO belongs to Uncle Rick. i am just a mere fan whose expressing the love and adorableness of Solangelo :) Months had passed and Nico hadn't stopped cursing Cupid, at least mentally, ever since his forced confession in Croatia. A month had passed ever since the war with Gaea ended and Nico was still in denial stage. That said in denial stage has something to do with a certain God of Love he was cursing at the moment, as he glared at someone across the field and as he stands at the top of half-blood hill. He unconsciously rubbed his sword arm, where Cupid's arrow sunk. When he got hit by stupid arrow, there was no pain but there was this strange tingling warm feeling that spread throughout his body and it shocked him. Afterall, he wasn't used on being warm that time. And he should have known that there are consequences after being shot by Cupid's arrow. Nico was not liking the consequences by the second. Like for example having this strong urge to strangle that stupid dude who was talking on a certain son of Apollo that goes with the name of Will Solace, he did not know the other dude's name but, in the name of Hades, he did not care. When all Nico could think was to separate those two apart and wiped off that handsome grin on Will's face as they both walked across the field. Why was he even grinning like that? He knows that Will is an easy going type of a person but still –and hey! Why were they so close together? For Gods' sake, did they even know that personal space exists?! See, Nico was suffering the after-effects of Cupid's arrow. It's been three weeks since he has been imprisoned in the infirmary and it did not help that the skeletal butterflies on his stomach where having a full blown scale war every time Will was going to check up on him. The first time Nico laid eyes on Will in the Battle of Manhattan, he just thought that something was weirdly different about the guy. He just couldn't pinpoint, what in Hades was that. Maybe it was his curly blonde hair that looked like a golden halo around his head, or his piercing blue eyes as he healed the wounded campers, or maybe it was this strange vibe coming out of him as if Will emitted a literal glow every time Nico's eyes accidentally gazed on the blonde. But then, Nico suddenly felt a stirring in his gut the second Will held his hand while they were in the middle of a war and while Will proved his point that he was totally shaken delivering a satyr baby. And even though he always denied what he felt, he also knew that at some point that he was completely helpless about it. That…. That… The attraction he felt for the Son of Apollo was getting stronger that he couldn't stop himself. There he already admitted it… to himself. Cupid must be having a good laugh now. Curse him, for eternity. However, even admitting to oneself that feelings, that didn't feel any better because for all he knew Will won't even like him that way. Who would like a son of Hades by the way? He snorted at that thought. And as if Will was swinging the same way as him. He averted his gaze from Will and his fellow companion and gloomily sat down at the grassy ground yet he immediately cursed. The grass around him started to turn brown and wilted… He closed his eyes briefly trying to calm his nerves.. "Nico?" Nico's eyes snapped open and found himself looking straight to the light blue eyes of none other than Will Solace. He secretly and truly adored Will's eyes. It was so bright and lively. However contrast to Will's bright eyes, the son of Apollo was frowning concernedly as his eyes darted to the grass that wilted and back to Nico. Oh shit. Nico immediately stood up. The last thing that Nico needed right was Will fusing about his condition or well-being. "Will-" "Nico-" They called out simultaneously. "are you all right?" but Will beat him the second time around. "o-of course!" Nico tried to smile "but then, I saw the grass turning-" "ah, it happens from time to time, i-it's pretty normal you know…" Nico avoided Will's gaze "you know that you are a terrible liar, right?" "am not" Nico mumbled Will moved closer to Nico and his heart was suddenly pounding on his ribcage. Will held both Nico's shoulder "Nico, look at me" I can't. Because I was too afraid that I will do something stupid if I looked closely to those eyes I adored. He thought frustratingly. "Nico, we are friends, right?" Will sounded so firm "yeah, sure" Nico was looking everywhere aside from the blonde's face. "then why won't you look at me? Why won't you tell me what's wrong? Are you.. are you avoiding me again-" "it's not like that!" Nico snapped his head towards Will and made a mistake of looking at him. Of all the eyes, I've ever seen Yours are the brightest of all They held so much more More than you are letting on They are wistful, full of life. I wish, I could see a glimpse Of what lies beneath Oh my gods, Nico was stunned mentally. Did he just made a poem inside his head? Apollo would be proud of him. "w-what are you thinking?" Nico suddenly blurt out. Will was surprised by the sudden question but then spoke as he held Nico's stare "I was thinking what's running inside that thick head of yours" "why?" Nico whispered "because I do care about you dummy!" "a-as your patient?" "yes, but also as your friend!" "There are a lot of things going on inside my head right now.." Nico swallowed Like, holding your hand for instance, or crashing my lips into yours, or telling you that I really really like-Stop. Nico cursed in Ancient greek. "Nico, you are scaring the hell out of me. What the hades is wrong with you please tell me" "News flash, I tend to scare a lot of people. And it's only normal that you are feeling the same-" "That's not what I mean-" "it's really nothing. I have to go Solace" Nico shrugged of Will's hand on his shoulder and walked passed him. He ran. Nico was scared. Nico was afraid that he'll ruin the 'friendship' they're having and the blonde son of Apollo will be more out of reach. All in all, Nico was afraid of what Will can do to him, to his mind, to his heart. If the son of Apollo would want to he could bring down the Ghost King in one strike. Nico hated being this vulnerable and helpless. Nico was having his solemn moments in his cabin when a continues banging on the door interrupted him and made him jolted upright on his bed. He rushed on the door and jerked the door opened. He was greeted by none other than Jason. "what's wrong? What happened?" Nico asked immediately "you happened" Jason glared at him Nico blinked "huh?" Instead of answering Jason made his way inside Nico's cabin and Nico, with no other choice, closed the door. Jason faced him. He looked all too serious "Will came to me and he was worried about you" "oh" that's all Nico could say and honestly, what more could he say? "and he told me that there's something wrong with you since you can turn the grass now into something lifeless" "ah.." "and I know for a fact that you can only do something like that when you are upset, angry, scared or nervous. Pick whatever you like" Jason continued Nico looked down "it's all of the above" "why?" Nico bit his lip. There are certain times that he needed to remind himself that he already have friends, someone he could trust. He knows for a fact that, Jason was one of the people he could trust. You see, this trust and friends really need some getting to used to. "it's because of three syllables" Nico whispered "and these three syllables are?" Jason asked as he looked at the son of Hades. He also wondered what made Nico looked so small and childlike. There was only one time that Jason remembered how rattled Nico was and that was when they faced a certain god in Croatia. And something dawned upon him. "Will Solace isn't it?" Jason couldn't help but grin so wide "that made a lot of sense. Since that dude never leaves you alone and seems so overprotective about you these past weeks!" Nico winced "hey " Jason walked closer to him and turned serious "I know it's kind of hard but if Will makes you feel better about things and if he makes you happy there's no reason to be afraid of!" "that's the point!" Nico burst out "he made me happy, he made me feel better and I don't want to lose him and ruin whatever we have just because I-I" Nico swallowed and whispered "I like him too much.." "do you think Will is the type of person who will walk away because of that?" Jason raised an eyebrow "I don't know but everyone does.." Nico mumbled "see, you don't know and you are being judgemental for that matter. Besides if Will hurt the crap out of you. He's gonna taste the Jason Grace punch that will make him forget who he is" "Jason" Nico groaned Jason laughed "okay, okay just kidding but I am not joking that if he hurt you, I am gonna do something . You don't deserve that" "oh hades" Nico sighed "just don't do that something . He's too precious to deserve that something " Jason laughed again "but Neeks, all I want to say is, why don't you face it again this time? Like what you did back in Croatia. Conquer Cupid once again, you are stronger more than you're letting on, you know" Nico tried to face his confusing and terrifying feelings by continuing the poem in his head. Who would have thought that a son of Hades has a knack for poetry. If someone had told him about these months ago, he would have devoured that someone on a herd of zombies and skeleton. He was sitting under the tree by the lake as he stared at the piece of paper on his lap. He felt the need to arrange his thoughts and he needed a distraction for a while as he builds courage on how he's going to face Will and just tell him everything.. So he wrote Of all the eyes, I've ever seen Yours are the brightest of all They held so much more More than you are letting on They are wistful, full of life. I wish, I could see a glimpse Of what lies beneath My mind could not comprehend That there is a reality Where you exist Your existence is everywhere As if you are the sun, You are the river, You are the trees And you are the wind. I was alone Until the night meets the day And the conclusion that started with your eyes Was hurling at me that knocks me dead Three syllables that rattles my chest Will Solace My world is plummeting towards you Once again, Nico found himself stunned as he finished writing which is kind of difficult being a dyslexic and all but still, he couldn't believe that he was able to produce something like this. Will Apollo give him a reward for this? It might be crappy at some point but he was able to write the things that gave him a hard time to turn into words. Maybe hanging out with an Apollo child was really rubbing on him. But then, when