A/N: I'll be posting a companion piece to go along with this story that is told from Gale's perspective since I didn't want to bog this story down with a crap ton of exposition. It will be called "Dark was the Night" so keep an eye out for that. Damn, writing these author's notes is like leaving a voicemail for someone you don't really know. When you've said what you have to say you just start sort of rambling cos' you don't know how to finish it... so... peace out? My awkward audience communication does not reflect on my story telling ability... just saying. Katniss' arrow struck the bird through the head and it fell to the ground. She let out the breath she had been holding and stalked after it. It was a decent sized bird for sure - at least enough for a meal for Prim and her mother. She stuffed it into the rucksack along with the other small game she had caught that day. She debated for a bit whether she should keep going or if she should head to the Hob to turn in her catch. It was getting dark and Gale would be back from the village soon. She took another look into the bag. Good enough. She thought and made her way toward her childhood home. The sun was setting earlier than usual, she noticed. And with night time came the cold. She pulled the collar of her jacket up in a futile attempt to keep warm. Winter is close . She thought. Birds were migrating, squirrels were hibernating, game was becoming scarce. She dreaded winter. It meant more of a struggle to feed herself and her family. It meant she and Gale had to scrape for every morsel, every supply, every little essential just to survive. Though at this point they knew to prepare - they had been stockpiling all fall. Trading what they could with the Hob and local merchants… and the deranged witch further in the forest. Winter also meant the Games. This was something for which they could never prepare. She was shaken from her train of thought as she came upon the electric fence. Her sister stood on the other side waving with a big smile plastered on her face. Katniss couldn't help but return it. "Don't touch it, they turned it back on." Prim shouted as Katniss ran up to her. "How long?" Katniss frowned. Their turning the fence on meant the Reaping was coming up. "Two more days." Prim replied. Her face now grim. She had just turned 12 this year. That meant she was now eligible to be Reaped into the Hunger Games. Katniss tried not to look worried. Instead she started off toward the Clever People tree, as she and her sister had affectionately, though unimaginatively, named it. It had been a toss up between that and The-reapers-must-think-we're-stupid Tree. It had one large, overhanging branch that spanned the fence. One just had to climb it and hop over to freedom on the forested side. She was about to pull her length of rope from its place around her shoulders when Prim pointed out that Gale had apparently left his wrapped around the branch. The girl began to scale the massive tree and, straddling the branch, scooted gingerly toward the rope to throw the slack down to Katniss. Katniss watched in amusement as her little sister struggled to accomplish this feat. The only thing the girl feared more then the outdoors was heights. Tasks like this were not her strong-suit. On her face was an expression of absolute focus and she never looked toward the ground. Katniss chuckled. "Shut up," Prim croaked. "I need complete concentration." Katniss laughed louder. Prim smacked at the rope until it fell to her sister and began scooting, this time with a little more urgency, back to the base of the tree. Katniss struggled at climbing the rope. She had knots tied in hers to make climbing easier, Gale didn't, though he couldn't tell her why. Probably to be difficult , she assumed. She finally reached the top and threw her leg over the branch, wrapped the rope back around it and moving across it a bit more deftly than Prim. She jumped down into District 12. "I guess I could have just thrown my rope up there with his." She said. "Would have made it easier on both of us." She grinned at her sister. The remark earned her a playful punch on the shoulder. "You're a horrible person, you know that?!" Prim leapt at her, wrapping her arms around her neck in a half-hug half-threatening gesture. She embraced her anyway - discretely feeling for signs of malnourishment. They parted and Katniss smiled down at the younger girl. She had grown so much since she had last seen her. She looked healthy. Happy. "Looking good, little duck." Katniss said. She put her arm around Prim's shoulders and they started toward town. "Getting enough to eat?" "Yeah." She replied. This was a topic she apparently wanted to avoid. So she began telling Katniss all the latest gossip from the Seam. She would sometimes invite her sister into this conversation, but they had an understanding that Katniss preferred to just listen. At this point she had no clear idea who any of these people were. She had grown out of touch since her exile. The only people she had any meaningful connection with were Gale, Prim and Greasy Sae. Because of her… predilection… she wasn't allowed within the district proper. Refusal to submit to the Pantheon and, by extension, the Capitol was a punishable offence in Panem. And thus she had been marked and cast out. Forced to survive in the forest or die trying. The darkness provided cover, and their destination had few patrols. Prim went quiet as they approached the house. Katniss heard Lady bleating from some unseen location and she kept an eye out for Prim's devil cat. She saw it eyeing her from the porch as they rounded the corner. They maintained eye contact until she entered the house. She refused to back down. "What you see in that thing, I will never know." She growled "Buttercup's cute." Prim smiled, gazing dreamily at the floor. Katniss looked at her, horrified. That?! She was about to say something snide when her mother interrupted her. "It's you." She looked at her eldest daughter as if she wasn't sure if she was real. Katniss stiffened. She never knew how to act around her mother - never knew what to say. So she just nodded curtly. The woman stepped towards her and extended her arms, pulling her into an awkward hug. Katniss reluctantly returned it. The relationship between the two of them had been strained since her father died. It was as if her mother had been frozen in time somehow. A veil had been thrown over her eyes, allowing her to watch the world pass her by without concern. Allowing her to disappear. "Are you being safe?" The woman murmured. Katniss sighed. "Mom, now? Really?" She wrenched herself away from the woman. "I'm sorry." She started. "I just - I know it's just the two of you out there and your both growing up so -" Katniss cut her off. "And I've told you it's not like that." She stormed past her into the kitchen. She emptied the contents of her bag onto the table. "Take your pick." Her mother seemed to have ignored everything she had said previously. "For you maybe, Katniss." Katniss watched Prim follow their mother into the room, looking very uncomfortable. "But he's an 18 year old boy," She looked sternly at her daughter. When she spoke next, her voice was softer, more like a whisper. "And you're a beautiful girl. And I find what you're telling me very hard to believe." She took Katniss' hand. She looked back up at her mother now. Her face held a look of concern and something the girl could probably mistake for love, if she didn't know any better. "Take your pick." Katniss repeated. Her mother let go of her hand, deflated. She grabbed the bird, and a squirrel from the small pile and took them to the counter to skin and salt them. Katniss shoved the rest of the game into her bag and headed out toward the Hob, Prim on her heels. … "So, are you two out there making little baby Gales?" Prim asked. Katniss could hear the tone of mischief in her voice. She raised an eyebrow at her little sister, who looked entirely innocent. They darted behind buildings, sticking to the shadows until they finally made it to the Hob. She traded her catch for the supplies she and Gale would need. Clothing and blankets. Oil for lamps. Needle and thread. She knew Gale had already gotten bags of salt to preserve what little meat they could catch. Alcohol for sterilizing wounds - lye for soap. Prim followed her back toward the woods. "You didn't answer my question." She said. Katniss scoffed, rolling her eyes. "Oh, gods, Prim. Not you too." She quickened her pace. This was not something she liked discussing - with anyone. The girl whined, "I didn't mean it like that." She struggled to keep up. "It's just, you know, the girls at school talk about him." Katniss relaxed and slowed, allowing the younger girl to catch up. They continued on a bit in silence. Feet making satisfying patting sounds on the dirt roads. There were so few patrols at night. "I know Madge would be." Prim finally said. It took a moment for Katniss to catch her meaning. Then she chuckled. "I'm sure." Prim was quiet for a moment before she said " I would be." Katniss halted immediately. "Primrose!" She gasped, punching her sister lightly on the shoulder. "Inappropriate!" "What?!" The younger girl flinched, rubbing her wounded arm. "Its not like he hides himself. He's always stalking around the Seam and the Hob with his big, muscley arms." She gestured vaguely toward the forest. "We've all seen him in the forest, Katniss." She poked her elder sister in the chest accusingly. "We've all seen him naked in the forest, Katniss ." Katniss' jaw dropped. They had seen that? She heard a voice behind her and turned to look. It was a peacekeeper. Great . She thought miserably. They had grown to accept hers and Gale's trips into town, only because they too thrived off of what the two poachers had caught. But it didn't make them any more pleasant to be around. He grabbed her roughly by the arm. "Go home, Everdeen." He said to Prim. She looked worriedly between the two of them before Katniss gave her a nod to leave. She hurried off back in the direction of her home. Katniss and the peacekeeper stood there in tense silence until Prim was out of earshot. Then she pulled her arm free, mumbled that she was leaving and stomped off. "Yeah, get out of here, Hawthorne." The peacekeeper replied. Katniss turned around to see a smug look on the lout's face. She made a rude gesture and bolted when he started chasing her. She ran him around the outer forest of the district until she was sure she had lost him. Then she climbed the branch over the fence and headed toward her home. So the girls in 12 had seen Gale in the nude. She rubbed her face, trying to remove the thought. Seeing her mother, hearing Prim talk about Gale. It all brought back memories she would rather have forgotten, as these trips into the district often did. … She and her father had been hunting that day - they had also been caught by peacekeepers. They found her Lady's token upon them and her father had been lashed brutally. "She's too young." They had said. So they bound her and marked on her throat, with