" Professor, my mother's Patronus is a dove The same as Professors Snape`s. It`s curious, isn't it?" "Now, when I think about it, It´s not curious at all." BLACK BIRD Prologue August 1066 Malfoy Manor Wiltshire region, London As Dark Ages passed them by, a loose coalition of magical clans allied under Norman flags, escaping mainland Inquisition, regions cut off from maps and left for them to rule for unique gifts in battle. Merchants and crafters building villages to hide their nests. The former soldiers, farming lands and groping women. The man in dark robes hid his face, wrapped in rags. The people too afraid of plague to take another look allowing him to pass, their heads lowed in respect. Many of them, kind and grateful, the aging Lord raising them since early years, remembering their grandparents, homesteaders chatting with the figure in their hazy memories of past. He traveled up and through the village, sometimes standing long hours by the gates or passing farmlands far away from any place more suitable for man his age. He outlived most men by now, his cottage small, stone framed by the forest lane far from people, market-place and pub. He leaned heavily on carved wood of his staff, the thin ghostly hand smashing on the iron tack poking out from the door. Blood spilling in the mud as door shivered letting Lord of Malfoy Manor through. August 1927 Malfoy Manor Wiltshire region, London Severus landed on the granite plate hard, watching the action like a movie scene forgetting of his bruised knees. Black and white pictures moving one by one. The curses speeding through the air blasting the charcoal off the walls. The seconds lost, the radiance of green wailing in his ears. The boy folded like a paper doll, curse swallowed by his fragile body. The men screaming something in his general direction, the carpet soft under his cheek. His lung ripped, blood swelling on his tongue. The endless timeless picture frames. The bricks exploding into crimson dust. The darkness deep as autumn lakes, sipping through the surface as he lost himself, floating above the body shimmering with something making the men stop, turn around and duck. Their screams just shrieks, as skin melted, the pressure in his limbs dissolving like the poison in the narrow room. The magic stripped from others, entwined and pulled, stolen as it all returned in bursts of pain, blood on his lips, the eyelids heavy. Wounds healing as he boy pushed, crawling to the side. Collapsing as he chose to gaze upon the dust, hot tears rushing down his cheeks. The boy trapped in thundercloud of power, hot fire running through his veins. How easy it would be to die here, memories rushing back as his insides burned, the organs melting back together, the bone of his ribs twisting as it healed. The boy blinked, wishing magic wasn't real, trying to breath, the coughing heavy as he rolled against the wall. Dark red droplets reaching iron fencing running up the ceiling, the building, suddenly alive embracing him with safety of its firmness. A ghostly figure rushing to his side. The magic burning as child discovered that he could not move no more. The heat wrapping him in layers of black smoke, harden webs holding his mind together. Being lifted from the ground, and moved away. How easy it would be to die here once again, cut in two halves, a nuisance. Wrapped in robes as werewolf pulled the robes up from the rubble of the house, burned as he touched the smoke. "Hold on" the man whispered to him, peeling off the wood planks nailed into the wall like paper, the balcony providing settings as he jumped with him down the second floor, the oak tree bark sliced off by massive claws. The man turned, darkness hiding them from Aurors by the fires preparing for the second raid, pulling their dead comrades out. The house vibrating with protest, as spells were cast, illuminating drawing room and kitchen. They dropped and creeped away, the skies heavy with the clouds, drizzling rain. The wolf moved quickly, grass still as he streamlined into quick escape, tail balancing the weigh, the boy thrown over massive shoulder his naked feet dangling and touching fragrant grass, the man on all fours already escaping the stench of human death. Someone was near, spell mumbled behind them as they flashed through granite gates the wolf running, never slowing down, the muggle village living their own life preparing for the night. The spell followed them, floating, tracking them the wolf bursting into angry roar, turning sharply to the left and circling main road that way. The purple curse crashing into muggle car. The muggles waking up and opening the windows to watch the spectacle a burning car provided as they run forward, past another set of gates unnoticed to their knowledge. Severus coughed blood into linen shirt, tired as he rested his eyes, listening to pumping heart beneath him, feeling thankful for not eating anything today. Confusion was intriguing to be honest, distracting from what he suspected was a gaping hole appearing through his midsection, and the spine. Confusion was refreshing, as he tried to move his fingers and failing. He breathed in, settled for not panicking at this concrete second. Focusing on icky, dog smell of his savior. Have they perhaps met before, as this man smelled and pulled him out from danger this delightful evening? Not, that he could remember. Perhaps, this man-dog knows how he managed to get hurt, by a group of such enthusiastic fellows while last to his knowledge, sleeping in his cheap rent out room. Perhaps, he is still there, in his bed, this vivid dream a variation of the regular menu of not existing elf's and fairies searching for him through the hills, which he suspected he needs mental health with. In any way, dreams represent what already happen, allowing soul to search its way. The dreams, are nonsense for the children. A child that he remained to long, already. The boy, breathed, anxiety and panic usually waking him up on their own. Yet, the dog still carried him as sack with yams. Perhaps, this wasn't a dream, Severus signed. He coughed out some of the blood again, happy to be alive. The scenery to dark to lay notice too with his behind facing the world. Perhaps, they found him. He thought abstractly, wondering what that implies. The scenery indeed dark, as he managed to lift the eyelids and witness trees and rain again. Too paranoid to rest, like normal people. Thankful for wearing jacket, still, not much of it left behind, but something over the standard set of undies and a shirt he wore to bed. He tried to think, the rib hurting just enough to keep him focused. There was no pen and paper, to ask the questions. And he lacked in the communication la Département. So he hang there, until they reached a camp ? The forest circling the mountain side, far sounds of waves hitting rocks spreading salty air. The wolf slowed down, passing as he stood up as man again, the boy left on the shoulder in the most annoying manner. The smoke, floating around his belly as a silent friend reacted. «Ouch !» the wolf hissed, pulling robes off his torso, lowering now dizzy Severus to the settling as people walked forward them, talking, buzz of sounds heavy somewhere in the skies. The dizziness harsh, as he remained still,the smoke alive, circling the ground around him,his arms indeed moving. Thankful he curled up on the ground, sandy ground, hoping to be left alone. Someone pitied him, they always do. He hated this, breathing was important, he reminded to his own body wishing to fight and escape right this second. He breathed. In and out. They spoke English, he realized just now. This was good, he though, wondering where he will find the money normal, human to go back home. To his despair and his relieve someone thrown another piece of fabric over his head, gathering him like a pile of rags. He shivered, allowing that, as smoke coiled with his frustration. This was not the time or place for anger. He felt the bed bouncing under his side. He did not care any longer, angry tears gathering in the corners of his eyes. The arms, moved quickly, not afraid of him, so smoked allowed the care. The scissors cutting bloody fabric off. Fabric left on his face, smelling of herbs. The woman talked softly, maybe singing, rubbing in something cool into his back. He is not going to die, he knew now, calming down, angry still. The girl took the blanket off his face and folded it into a pillow. A broad face, with brown eyes and soft blond hair in a bun under a little hat. A nurse. A wand in her hands. She whispered « Ferula » the spell shiny yellow, slowed down and turned to ashes as it touched the smoke around his knee. Severus signed watching her frown, lips shaking as she hurried to give him some water. The boy drinking desperately. She moved her lips, moving the cup away. He watched her, tired, watched her turn around, distracted by the crash outside. Watched her jump up and rush forward. Watched her being pushed to the side into a table banging loudly with metal jars and instruments. Watching the legs move, his neck fingers pushed into his mouth,the wall of puke forced out on the ground,dissolved blood mixed with sedative the fairy from his dreams, raging, clawed hands holding him down as world disappeared in flash of white. August 1966 Hamburg, Germany. His wrist was strained, arching more in anger then pain under his grey coat in this god forgotten corner of the universe. The muggles dirty and sick, drowning their sorrows in rubbing alcohol and perfume. "So; she told you" the little girl appeared by his side; walking with him; deep green eyes and practical boots. He stared at the child. The child stared back, dressed in boy shirt and brown coat. "She told you" the child repeated, her hair braided like his own, down their backs. "She did" he hissed back, angry. The child walked silently, not minding his attempts to stop the procession. "He does not want to see you" she explained firmly, carefully frowning her little head; little hand forcing a key in his hand, a portal; moments later; both of them crashing to the wood floor of city apartment. The child screaming, coughing and kicking him away. Lucius dizzy. Heartbeat raising. Just a kid sitting by the window with a cigarette lit in thin fingers, liquid sunlight falling through dark hair. Angry black eyes meeting grey bleeding instantly into silver. August 1971 West London 12 Grimmauld Place August rain gathered in heavy clouds; growing darker and darker with each hour, the soft drizzle maturing into storm. Meanwhile inside a girl entered the hallway hurrying forward the kitchen in her Hogwarts robes; army of house elves, apologetic obstacles of bumping bodies; ordered around by a faceless voice, loud in all nine fireplaces of the house; walls themselves crumbling as structure changed, the staircase she just left behind floating apart into sections, perfectly made beds marching from the guest rooms for a walk. Spotless kitchen; once a great mess of pots and pans without doubt the biggest of the rooms now; dark stone floors and steel details holding up the walls. Young Ravenclaw putting her hair up in a knot, entering the room and leaning over a wooden table by the window, dark wood protected by a sheet of glass from freshest of their potions cooling off on display. Labeling them a task for her to finish before they leave for Diagon Alley. A pair of floppy ears brushing against her elbow, delivering her cuppa. "The Prophet, Miss Evance" the house elf; Putty croaked