A/N: Okay, here's what I have to say about this story, before ANYONE reads this: This is my take on what would happen if Legolas did not go to the Havens. And the fact that he meets a girl is completely Mary-Sue, I know, but I was writing this and enjoying writing it. I've been writing this on and off for the last two years, and I was never sure if I was going to post it, but I've never encountered another story like it, so I figure it has a spot somewhere in this web of fanfiction. I hope you all enjoy it! Disclaimer: Rimeril and all the animals and made up people they encounter mine. Legolas Not mine. - Cry - Elves Among Us Hat pulled low over his face, the man walked through the lonely parking lot to his car. He took his keys out and with a shrill beep , it unlocked. He slid calmly into the cool leather seat and inserted the key into the ignition, as always, and shifted into drive. He maneuvered the car out of the lot, thinking about what he had just seen in the theatre. He had taken the afternoon to watch the first movie of three; The Lord of the Rings, the Fellowship of the Ring. It had amazed him, but nonetheless, there was no surprise ending; nothing he did not know already. Every actor of the fellowship, Elijah Wood, Viggo Mortensen, Orlando Bloom, Sean Astin, Billy Boyd, Dominic Monaghan, Ian McKellen, John Rhys-Davies, and Sean Bean did a wonderful job portraying their characters. He especially enjoyed Orlando Bloom's performance, as he was most anxious to know how he had portrayed his character. For he, the mysterious man with shadowed face and icy eyes, was Legolas. Many thought that after he had settled down in Ithilien he sailed but no. He had waited patiently for a day when true love would come to him, and for thousands of years he has waited. He drove on and on... out of the lonely town. For two hours he drove, rarely changing lanes and rarely turning. He stared straight ahead, occasionally and needlessly checking the mirrors for other cars, but none passed him and none came. After about two hours of driving, he finally came to a stop, where his house stood, in its lonely location surrounded by trees. Legolas pulled up into the garage, and turned the car off. With a sigh, he unlocked the door to his house and entered. With a joyous ' Woof! ', his chocolate Labrador bounded up to him and reared on his hind legs, trying to lick his master's face. Legolas rubbed the dog's ears lovingly and kissed its head. "Maer hu, Erebel (Erebel Lonely Star)," Good dog, Erebel he praised softly. The dog licked Legolas' hand and silently padded after his master into his bedroom. The house from the outside looked like a plain wooden cabin. It had a long drive up to it off the road, and the path split often; many of the paths leading to dead ends. The size of the house was large, and its detail was intricate. Only if you looked closely would you notice tiny runes and symbols that showed the love of who labored upon it. Over the doorway, read: Im deri an min ai innas penia lain nín. I wait for one who will set me free And all around it were designs of leaves and vines. Golden filigree was painted into many of the leaves, and this showed how long this person had worked on such a project. From the inside of the house, there was a kitchen. There was a stove in one corner, and a refrigerator stood humming in the other. A cold pantry was there, containing many items of food for cooking, as well as a large sack on the floor of the pantry containing dog kibble. There were only four rooms in the house, not including a bathroom and a closet; one kitchen, one large sitting room with a high ceiling, and two bedrooms. Routinely, Legolas wondered why he had built a spare room, as he was unlikely to come across anyone who would stay even a night. He took off his hat and pulled at the band holding his hair up, letting his long blonde hair fall out of its tied position. Throwing the hat behind him, he heard it land softly on the hat rack he had nailed to the wall. He unbuttoned his shirt, but left it on. Erebel hopped joyfully onto the bed, wagging her tail playfully and looking at him expectantly. He smiled and started to rub her belly. Erebel closed her eyes, and soon appeared to be asleep, but as soon as Legolas straightened up to walk away, one ear quirked, and she was up again, wanting to be right next to her master at all times. Legolas chuckled and made his way into the kitchen to sort out what he was going to eat for dinner. Tears leaked down the woman's face as she ran for her life, escaping the footfalls of her pursuers. She could feel every footfall of theirs through the earth; she could hear their every ragged and rank breath. She even heard the soft, yet sharp click of their guns being cocked and loaded. How had she ended up like this? The three men, for one reason or another, wanted her. They had chased her in both her car and on foot. Once they had gotten as far as here, they had shot both of her back tires, and her car had gone out of control and crashed violently into the forest, and another misaimed shot killed her best friend Susan. Not knowing what to do, she had forced herself out of the car, and started painfully running. She could have easily escaped the hunters on foot under any other set of circumstances, but she had not been in this condition for years... Her arm was broken from the crash, her head felt light, her ankle throbbed; she was bruised all over her body. True, she was wearing track shoes, jeans, and a casual grey t-shirt, Legolas heard a commotion about a mile outside of his house. He dropped the sandwich he was eating and leapt out the door. With a shrill whistle, he started running into the forest. He heard hooves behind him, and soon he felt the presence of his horse, Tálter ( Insecure one ), galloping behind him. As the horse drew level with him, he quickly grabbed the mane of the beast and vaulted up onto its back. Soon, he saw a woman running towards him, and slowed the horse. The woman got a glance of him, before she crumpled into a heap on the ground. Legolas leapt off the horse with ease, and gathered her up in his arms. He pushed her on the horse, and as he mounted onto the horses back again, he heard the men within fifty feet of them. They had spotted him and the unconscious woman. Legolas let out another pattern of shrill whistles. In the distance, he heard a chorus of howls and a single low growl. Within seconds, there was a pack of wolves and a single grizzly bear upon the three men. All of them screamed, and started to run away, attempting to aim and shoot their guns at the wild beasts on their heels, but it was in vain, for the wolves and the bear were commanded by their master, and they were not going to give up. Tálter reared up on his hind legs, and sped off to where Legolas' cabin was. Legolas heard misjudged shots behind him, as Tálter's footfalls echoed throughout the lonely forest. Legolas slowed down the horse with another whistle, and dismounted. He heard the three men in the distance being scared off by the wolves. He heard their feet stumble over rocks and fall when he listened to the earth's vibrations. Legolas knew that the wolves would not attack, only scare them out of the forest. The bear on the other hand, he had no control of whether it attacked or not. He reached up onto the horse and gathered the woman up into his arms carrying her like a baby. She groaned and moved in his arms, before seeming to drop into a sleep rather than back into an unconscious state. He carefully opened the door into his house, and briskly walked into his room to deposit the woman there. Quickly, he left the room to find any herbs to alleviate her obvious pain. " Where am I? " "You are in my bed, in my house, in the middle of the forest, on September the 29th, and it is currently 4 in the afternoon," was her answer. She jumped, having not noticed the man sitting beside her. She obviously had not realized that she had voiced her question aloud. "Right..." she said. "Thank you for your explicit detailing." "You hide your identity well, my lady," Legolas said casually, "Rimeril crown of roses of Lothlórien." The lady hung her head. "Lothlórien is no more." She said sadly. "Do you think my home is any better?" he asked, gesturing outside. "I am sorry." She answered. "Thank you, by the way," she added. "You are welcome." Legolas said. "If you would allow me, I wish to wrap your arm up. It will not heal unless the bone is splinted." "Yes... please do." She said. She tried to hold the arm up, but winced in pain. Gritting her teeth, she let Legolas wrap her arm up. "It should heal within a week." Legolas said, sitting down on his bed and observing her carefully. She was still traumatized from her bout with the three hunters, she was in pain; she looked like she was sad, too. "Thanks again..." she said, starting to stand up and walk out of the room. "If you want, we can go to a doctor and have them put a human's cast on your arm." Legolas commented. "No... I don't think that's necessary, Prince. I'm sure your splint will work well enough." She said, for the first time noting his title. "You may stay here, if you wish to." Legolas added, as she started to walk towards the door. "I can't... I really need to..." she paused, trying to think up an excuse. She had not been in contact with a single elf for thousands of years... why was she walking away from one? And how was she going to go anywhere? She had no car left... and this was an opportunity to become a friend with someone who won't go and die on her... "Yes. That would be nice." She said. Legolas smiled his dashing smile. Erebel bounded up and started licking Rimeril's hand. She giggled. "That is Erebel." Legolas said. She looked up. "What a cute little puppy," she said, squatting and giving the dog a kiss between its eyes. The dog started to lick her face and she fell over laughing. Erebel pranced above her, nosing her face and wagging her tail vigorously. Legolas held out a hand to Rimeril and helped her stand up. "Are you hungry at all? I have plenty of food." "Yes, thank you. That would be lovely," she answered. She walked into the kitchen going over the events that had happened to her. She was an elf, and her wounds did not bother her too much, though she walked with a slight limp because her ankle felt sprained. Legolas had taped that up. Legolas walked to his stove and turned it on. Tiny flames erupted in the bottom. He took a pot out of a cupboard below the stove and filled it with water then set it on the stove to boil. He then asked her, "Do you like chicken soup?" "Yes, I do... soup sounds nice." She sat down, feeling