A/N: Welcome reader, to my latest story: The Shift ! This has been under wraps for close to three years at this point. I've written more drafts of this story than any I have before, and I am very proud and excited to be letting this story loose into the world! I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I have enjoyed writing it! As you will see in the future, this is only the beginning of my Metamorphosis Trilogy. Thanks go to Mermaid Sushi for betaing, CSG4Me for plot hole plugging, and SeleneLiath for convincing me to go ahead and begin posting, already! By the way, if you enjoy reading, do please review! It makes this author very happy! Disclaimer the First and Only: I do not own any characters you may recognize! Lin, Cirvel, and Nemir, in particular, are my creations, but the rest belong to the great Professor, JRR Tolkien! Chapter 1 : Changing Hands T.A. 1119 Everything began when the Queen of Mirkwood arrived. Although she had visited many times before, as her family had deep roots among the great mellyrn of Lothlórien, she was visiting on the Lady of the Wood's invitation this time, and many welcomed the Queen Mirwen back to the Golden Wood. The Lady Galadriel had this time, it seemed, preemptively invited Queen Mirwen to Lórien. She was newly with child, her second, and her first son. I assumed the Lady Galadriel must have seen something of utmost importance in her mirror, as she frequently invited elves to Lórien from the other realms on that basis. For her to have heeded a summons from the Lady was mildly surprising, for separation of a mother and child from the father during a pregnancy was not recommended and took a toll on all parties. And although the relationship between the two great woods was still strained, no doubt the Queen would never have refused an invitation from the Lady. Her foresight would always be something the Mirkwood queen would be very interested in benefitting from. I did not hear this conversation, because as a Lady-in-Wait to Galadriel, I had no such privileges. Instead, I was summoned to the Lady afterward, and make no mistake – I was burning with curiosity as to what use I could be to them. "Aralin," Lady Galadriel said, as she descended the steps of her spacious talan and stood in front of me, with the Queen standing close behind. Galadriel stopped before me and raised her hand to cup my face. This was not entirely unusual – she was a kind, if frightening woman. "Aralin, you have been of great service to me for many years. Will you, once again, aid me?" she asked, although I knew she already knew my answer: I would do anything for her. She was my mistress and mentor, and my fealty to her was often intertwined with feelings of love and respect, not because her position demanded them from me, but because she had long ago earned them. "I am always at your service," I answered, meeting her bright eyes and, as always, being stunned at the depths I saw; depths that came only with thousands of years' worth of knowledge and experience. It was like looking into the past, but looking through a misted glass and being sure only of knowing that many things were happening on the other side. I, or no one else, save Galadriel herself, could see those images clearly. "Will you leave my service and enter that of the Queen of Mirkwood?" Galadriel finally asked. I could tell she was listening in on my thoughts for my immediate reaction. I could not deny that her request was quite shocking to me. Many thoughts and requests would have crossed my mind before this one. And yes, immediately, my response was negative: Lothlórien was not only my home, but also the only place I had ever known. I was afraid and unaware of what went on outside the borders, not at all familiar with the Middle Earth that lay beyond the edges of the forest, except for what I had seen in maps, illustrations and brief histories I had read. However, if the Lady were requesting that I do this, I had faith that she had to have a good reason to justify the means. Although still wavering internally, I verbally committed to a response and said, "I would only do it if you no longer required my assistance." It was an answer that was neither positive nor negative, and I knew that the Lady would be pleased with my neutral omission. Galadriel smiled at me and replied: "Sweet Aralin, you will be of greater need to the House of Oropher," she assured. There was something more encouraging in her tone than in the words themselves, and so I realized what my response would have to be. Even though I felt stunned and a little numb (and rightly so, I thought. That I would ever be dismissed was not news I had ever anticipated to hear,) I confidently squared my shoulders, giving, if anything, the outward appearance of confidence. Having no other objection, I complied: "Then I, of course, will do your bidding, though I leave you with a heavy heart." If Galadriel wanted me to go into the service of the Queen then, there was a good reason for it, which I would eventually realize, hopefully sooner rather than later. "We will leave within the month; I am anxious to return to my husband," Queen Mirwen said to me with a warm smile. I bobbed a curtsy and replied simply, "Yes," since I had nothing else to say. "You will have a little time to set your affairs in order," she assured me with a kind and genuine smile. "I understand this will be a difficult transition for you." It was surprising to me to realize that, even standing next to the most powerful elf in this wood, the queen still managed to command my attention when she spoke. She possessed a light and warmth all her own that soothed me. With her smile she reassured me that I might have made the right choice in acquiescing to Lady Galadriel's will. "Thank you, your majesty," I replied, waiting for Galadriel to dismiss me. "You may leave," she said. The glint in the Lady's eyes told me she was in my head again, turning over my thoughts as if they were stones in a sieve. I started to descend the stairs. "Aralin?" she called to me. I turned around and began to return – "Old habits die hard," she added, clearly referencing my thoughts again. Galadriel frequently visited my thoughts. Often I thought I could feel her flipping through them like pages in a book, and though I couldn't imagine my mind being the most interesting place to be, she must have always found what she wanted. I did not pretend to possess a great mind like her Ladyship, but I suppose if she was inside of everyone's thoughts as often as she was, she was bound to learn a lot from her subjects' streams of consciousness. "More than you know," Galadriel responded aloud to my thoughts. "You are free to go," she said, her eyes glittering in the way that only the Lady's could. She was likely amused by my frank thoughts of half verbal conversations. I felt it would be polite not to laugh until I left, but a giggle did indeed escape through my restraint. "Thank you, my lady," I said through stifled chuckles, turning to leave the talan. -o- As I walked back through the trees to my talan, I realized with a pang that leaving would not be a difficult affair to organize at all, at least, in a practical sense. I had few possessions that I could not live without, but I realized with dismay that I did not understand the dynamics of transplanting one's life. I had moved only twice: out of my parents' house when I was old enough, and then again when I moved into my husband's home when we were married. I needed to consider much, most of which I could not – or perhaps did not want to – think about at this time. At this very moment in time, I just wanted to sink into my husband's embrace. Realistically, of course I did not want to leave the place of my childhood and upbringing. It had been a place of sanctuary buried deep in a world where much had changed; a place of beauty in a world that had started to decay around us all. I had lived for long enough to realize that, although very slowly, the autumn lengthened every year. What would I do with my house? How would I tell Cirvel? How would I tell our daughter? I entered my small abode and took a good look around the place that had been my home for more than three centuries. This wasn't a long time, not to Elves, but it seemed to be forever to me. Reasonably, I told myself that I could leave some things behind… I gathered my head and peered around with a critical eye: perhaps I could even give this talan to my granddaughter, Nemir, who had not yet left her mother and father's home. Yes, I decided – this would be a fitting place for Nemir, whose little feet had pitter-pattered around these floors since she could walk. Though she was now considered of-age, she still looked upon this place as a haven. She loved this place as much as I did. Yes, I decided. What is mine would be hers. She deserved a home such as this. I heard a noise behind me. It was unusual, and my ears neither recognized the footsteps nor the presence. I turned and waited for them to reveal themselves. To my surprise, it was Queen Mirwen ascending the steps to my talan. "My Queen," I said, dipping my head in recognition of her status. "Aralin, my dear, you are so lovely," the Queen gushed, surprising me again and stepping forward to kiss my brow. She gently clasped my face for a few seconds, and then my hands in turn. "I – th-thank you," I replied, shocked into stuttering. I was not used to such treatment from someone who was supposed to be my superior. Galadriel certainly never treated me thus, and while it was unusual, it was not unpleasant. The Queen's assuring and caring aura seemed to wrap around me and calm me. "You honor me with your agreement to come into my service, you really do. The Lady Galadriel has told me much about you. You are a favorite of the Lady's, surely you know this," she divulged happily, searching my eyes for my reaction. I paused, wondering how to be polite with my answer. "The Lady does not often speak of her emotions and thoughts to those who serve her," I said humbly, knowing this was an honest response. "But… I am glad to know of it." "To be quite honest, I do not believe she speaks of her emotions and thoughts to anybody!" the Queen exclaimed with a chuckle. "As fair warning, you will experience quite the opposite with me and my family, I assure you. In those dark woods, we are often a little too verbal with our opinions!" she said with a wry smile. I wondered if I would ever see her without a broad grin gracing her face. "Now, you must let me help you arrange your departure," she demanded suddenly, walking around and giving my quarters a once-over, placing her hand to her chin and clearly wondering where to begin. "A woman should not be left alone in this business." "I – my Queen-" I stammered, afraid of offending. "Merely Mirwen, my dear. You will find us not only verbal with our opinions but quite