A/N: Hello, my darling readers! As all plans do, the plans for this story seemed to go awry, seeing as I promised you in September of 2008 that I would have this up within a few months… well… 19 months is a few right? I digress. If you remember, I left you all with Caen's exile, and an epilogue that gave you a glimmer of hope that her life would be better. Well, here is the proof. Your ends are all tied up here; your questions are all answered. Well, most of them, anyway! I hope you enjoy this, because I certainly enjoyed writing it for you. I must spare a sentence or two for my lovely beta Siobhan (aka Mermaid Sushi) who has swept in on numerous occasions over the last two years this has been in the works and kept me on track. Her work has not gone unnoticed. With that, I leave you to enjoy Caen's story! -Ivy, 7/20/10. Disclaimer: I only own Caen and her story. The rest belongs to our favorite Professor Tolkien. Earth's Final Closure Caen was breathing deeply – very deeply – and imagining herself somewhere else – anywhere else – where she was alone and peacefully centered. ' I am alone. I am in my talan's garden and I am digging into the soft earth. The sun is high and I turn my face up to it, and it warms me from the outside in. I am-' Nelvil's lilting voice shattered the image. She must have just returned from her expedition out of the cramped room in search of ribbons - "Gaer! I brought the ribbon you asked for. You're right, it matches her dress perfectly!" ' Getting married today.' Nelvil and Gaerden, the wives of Elrohir and Elladan, had happily (perhaps too happily) agreed to help the bride get ready for the ceremonies that evening. Caen, who was used to living a hassle-free life in her talan, and who was too used to taking care of her own needs, was feeling overwhelmed at both the attention and the girlish shrieks. She liked Nel and Gaer… she just found them a little overbearing, occasionally. The pair were suited perfectly for Elrohir and Elladan. They balanced out the wilder sides that dominated the twins' personalities, and secretly Caen thought this was because they were a little wild, themselves. Caen had never met two elves who got along better than the ellyn in the room with her. Gaer was the quieter of the pair, but had a mischievous gleam in her eye that surely was the same gleam as was in her husband's – Elladan's – eye. Nel seemed to have no sadness in her soul, because Caen had never seen the elf frown. Elrohir, who was just as sneaky as his twin, but who had felt the repercussions of being the older sibling more than once, had found the perfect match in sunny Nel. Caen just hoped that, though she and Legolas were still blissfully happy, that they would eventually find a balance like the twins had. It had been a little over two years since Legolas had arrived on the last ship – ' the last ship… he couldn't have caught on sooner and realized that everyone else had left? ' Caen thought with a tiny, though bemused frown – and she and Legolas had spent their time since his arrival establishing their life together. The couple had sunk gratefully into a relaxing life, one without the worries of the lands over the Great Sea. Legolas had been living with Caen in her tiny talan since his arrival, though recently Legolas had completed construction on a new, larger home. Caen knew that Legolas had little elflings in mind for the future – and truth be told, so did she. Too happy to finally have him in her arms, Caen had let Legolas be the one to bring up the ghosts of the War, and it had taken a while for Legolas to open up and share those stories with her. Caen had many memories of recent months of lying in bed together, face to face, hands entwined, listening to Legolas tell his story. Those stories had made her laugh, made her weep, and made her ache. It was a tale worth telling, no matter how terrible it got at times, and all Caen wanted now was to move forward, arm in arm with her husband. ' Husband… ' "Caen, where are you?" Gaer asked, touching her arm lightly, wearing the tiniest of frowns. Caen came out of her thoughts and realized that she had not been listening to the other two, too deep in her own thoughts. "Just thinking," Caen answered simply. "About that gorgeous elf of yours?" Nel winked. "I hope you are not thinking of my gorgeous elf, because you have got a gorgeous elf of your own," Caen warned lightly. It was hard not to catch onto Nel's mood; it was contagious. "He is gorgeous, isn't he?" Nel agreed, a dreamy look on her face. She snapped out of the daydream immediately, for there were more important things to worry about. "Now stand up. You have a dress to put on," she added. Caen rose off the stool she had been perched on and strode to Gaer, who slipped the dress over her head. Caen loved the way the silks kissed her skin, and was very grateful to Thranduil, who had given her Legolas' mother's dress. It fit like a glove, since it had been altered for Caen a few months earlier. A few areas had been altered – the bust had been taken in and the length shortened – and the finished product flattered Caen and made her feel like someone who deserved to marry Legolas. Her dark history was hard to shake some days, and often she felt like Legolas was too good for her, but today she felt like she was worthy enough to be his bride. There was a knock at the door, and Nel answered it, because Gaer was lacing up the back of the dress. "If you are Legolas, go away!" Gaer yelled, just for good measure. Caen giggled. "Don't insult me like that," the voice of Elladan called through the door. Nel opened the door so Elladan could enter. He stepped into the room, looking groomed and regal. He walked to Gaer to give her a quick kiss and to admire Caen. "Dear sister, you look incredible," he said, and Caen could tell that he meant it. Elladan and Elrohir had truly been rocks for Caen while she had been separated from Legolas. The pair had always been like brothers to Caen, and when they sailed west, they had lost no time making that clear to her. She was eternally grateful that even though she had a less-than-pristine past, they still wanted to associate with her. Along with doing this, they had also helped her get through some of the worst years that she had spent alone. She had no trouble recalling the day they had arrived. Whispers, whispers about boats. There were always whispers about boats coming in to dock, and Caen had long since stopped standing on the shore waiting for Legolas. It was too painful, far too painful to waste an afternoon watching the sails and the hull and eagerly anticipating seeing the passengers appear from the depths of the vessel but being disappointed every time. No, she was done with that. Caen was sulking – actually sulking. Most days she managed to remind herself how lucky she was to be alive and how grateful she should be to Elrond, but today was a bad day. Nothing had seemed to go right for her – not the bread she had baked, not the flowers she had repotted, and not the sun, which was staying resolutely hidden behind clouds. There was a brisk knock on the door, and that had made Caen start. She should have noticed someone's approach and she was not pleased that she had been lost so deep in thought. Caen opened the door and was brought face to face with none other than Elrond himself. "Good morning, Caen," he said kindly. He smiled a little larger this morning, and Caen assumed that he had noticed how miserable she appeared to him. " Good morning," Caen answered. Elrond was outwardly happy today, positively radiating the feeling, she realized. For such a stern man, he was one of the most joyful these days since his reunion with his wife; Celebrían's presence had brought life back into the old Elf. " Have you heard?" Elrond asked without any further niceties. Caen shook her head. "Elrohir and Elladan are almost here. They have been sighted." There was great joy in Elrond's voice, and Caen ached when she heard it. How good it would feel to be joyful again! So many years of solitude and regret for her actions during the War were hard to rid herself of. Most days she could hardly stand her sorrow, and what made it worse was that she knew that she deserved every bit of it. The most she could do was hope that someday she would forgive herself. " That is wonderful, Elrond," Caen said, and even through her current misery she felt herself smile. Perhaps she would go to the docks this morning. " Yes, it is! Now that you know, I will be on my way to the shore," Elrond said, turning to descend her ladder. Caen made up her mind in that very second. " May I accompany you?" she asked. Elrond smiled again, that fatherly smile that she rarely ever saw, and answered warmly, " Of course, my Caen." Caen had gone to the shore with Elrond that morning and had only waited a few short hours before the twins and at least seven or eight others disembarked. Elrohir had the arm of a beautifully blonde elf, and when he took her hand, Caen could tell that she was his wife. The twins looked exactly the same as they had years before, and they were smiling and greeting everyone they recognized by name. " Hello, Father," Elladan called as he caught sight of Elrond. "And Mother," he added as Celebrían threw herself at her son. She kissed his cheek and he hugged her tight. She gave the same treatment to Elrohir, and then greeted the elleth to Elrohir's right. Caen had been right in thinking that she was his wife. She was a glowing elf, and Caen overheard that Nelvil was her name. Caen stood toward the back of the crowd, more than a little afraid about the twins' opinions of her, seeing as she had left long ago and had not spoken to them after her trial. Elladan was the first to reach her. " Caen, it is good to see you again," he said softly, pulling her into his embrace and giving her a tight hug. "We have missed you greatly," he added. Caen, suddenly overwhelmed with emotion and relief, began to cry into Elladan's shoulder. Elrohir appeared seconds later and Caen hugged him, too. " Why are you crying, Sister?" Elrohir asked softly, which only made Caen cry harder. Her deepest fears were those related to her family - fears that she would no longer have a family because of the choices she had made. She had been so rotten to her family and her friends, betrayals and murders were only the beginning of her story. She had come from the lowest of the low, serving her evil father faithfully, and come out of that a broken, though mostly whole elf. Banished, she had escaped with her life, but only her life. She would be forever grateful for Elrond's decision during her trial. " Hush, we are here," Elladan said to her. "You will always have us." Caen owed those elves so much; for her sanity, for