Okay, so maybe a ratty old blue bus isn't exactly the most romantic place to meet the love of your life but that's how they met. And like in all stories, it started with a ring. ... Percy groaned. "Ow..." He complained, rubbing the incoming bruise on his temple. The laughter of his friends rang inside his throbbing head, causing for his scowl to deepen. "Not funny, guys." He grumbled as he arose from his spot on the floor. Having been staring off into space and nearly on the verge of passing out, the bell spooked him back into reality. His body had sprung out of his desk and headed towards the floor, where he would then slam the side of his head onto. His fellow classmates exchanged glances with each other before proceeding to give Percy a bewildered look. He only glared at them. "I'm out of here." He whispered angrily under his breath, gathering his supplies into a pile and dumping them inside his bag. He slung the strap over his shoulder and headed for the door despite his so called friends' pleas for him to slow down. The boy was merely a foot away from the exit of the school before he heard the shout of his best friend and cousin, Nico Di Angelo. "Perce, c'mon, man! Wait up!" His loyalty had got the best of him yet again; Percy sighed to a stop and with the roll of his eyes and the swift shake of his head, his gaze averted to his approaching friends. "Geez, when did you get so fast?" Leo Valdez bent over, resting his hands on his knees as he gasped for air. The ends of his brown curly hair began to wilt like the petals of a flower lacking water with the small amount of sweat that had started building up on his scalp; His warm brown eyes going wide. Let's just say Leo wasn't the most athletic of the four. "I'm not fast, you're just slow." Percy joked dryly. A deep chuckle rumbled pass Charles Beckendorf's lips. His chocolatey colored skin glistened against the sun that peeked inside the windows the school possessed. Charles's large biceps flexed as he clapped his hand on the back of his step brother's back, who then responded with a yelp of pain. "Don't worry, bud. You'll get there." Charles reassured. Leo sent a glare towards his brother and shoved his hand off his back, straightening out his spine. Percy intervened before the two could erupt into another spontaneous match of brotherly wrestling. "Wanna go back to my place to practice? My neighbors went to Philadelphia for a couple of weeks so we don't have to worry about them calling the cops for another noise complaint?" He offered, hope evident in his words. Nico was the first to speak. His olive skin stretched back into a sideways grin; Jet black hair, which was very similar to Percy's, flopped into his dark brown, nearly black, eyes. "I'm in." Before the other two could respond, Nico's voice boomed the one word that made the boys instinctively start pumping their legs towards Charles's truck, "Race!" ... Percy's foot was barely inside of his neat and cozy two story house when he was immediately tackled by a huge black blob, which triggered some laughter to bubble pass his lips. "Mrs. O'Leary, down, girl!" He commanded with a broad smile as the dark furred St. Bernard lapped its slobby tongue all over the boy's features. The dog obeyed her master's orders and placed her front paws back onto the carpeted floor, her tail wagging crazily. "Guys, do you smell that?" Nico stuck in his head over Percy's shoulder, sniffing the air inside of his friend's home. Percy slid the back of his hand over his nose in attempt to get the musky scent of dog breath out of his nostrils. "No," He whined. "All I smell is dog saliva." "Percy? Is that you?" Sally Jackson called from the kitchen. "Yeah, it's me, ma." Percy kicked the door closed with the heel of his shoe once the three boys behind him entered. Charles joined Nico in sniffing the air and Percy scrunched his eyebrows together. "What're you guys smelling...?" He trailed off once the scent finally wafted into his nose. His brother, Tyson, trudged out of the kitchen and into the living room with them, dark bags under his eyes, just as Percy had recognized the smell. "Is that what I think it is?" Percy asked to no one in particular, his smile growing more and more by the second. His mother toddled into the room, following Tyson's trail with a large yellow plate in her hands; A mouthwatering pile of newly baked blue colored chocolate chip cookies stacked atop each other in a neat order. Sally had barely enough time to place the plate on the coffee table that rested just in front of their leather couch before the boys attacked them, groaning when the immense heat burned their tongues. She laughed. "I've told you guys before, wait then eat." Percy chuckled goofily in response and slapped Nico's chest with the back of his hand, beckoning him to go to the garage. "Thanks for the cookies, Ms. Jackson." Nico said as his best friend dragged him away by the sleeve, but not before patting the mop of hair that belonged to little ten year old Tyson Jackson, who simply smiled at the two. Both children of Hephaestus, a world known businessman who owned every Home Depot in the country, followed in pursuit. "So," Percy started off, grabbing a stray sheet of music off the floor. " Rejects , it is then." He mumbled. Leo groaned. "But I'm terrible at that song." He complained. "Well, that's why we're practicing," Percy hooked his hand onto his microphone, looking back at Leo who stood with his shoulders slumped, his electric guitar in hand. "To not be horrible." Charles rapped the tip of his drumsticks against the drums that were labeled with the band name, The Four Horsemen . Nico plucked a cord on his bass guitar and grinned when he heard the noise come out of the small amplifier on the floor beside him. "You guys ready?" Percy inquired, wiping his clammy palms against the fabric of his jeans and grabbing the strap of his old electric guitar to settle it onto his shoulders. The three boys let out a chorus of several different agreements. "Alright," He raised his voice. "Let's do this!" Rejects 5 Seconds of Summer P - Percy N - Nico A - All (P) Back at school, they all thought I was an Outcast, car crash "A hopeless fool", they said to me And my girlfriend said I messed up, Will I ever grow up? In the end, I'm not gonna! (A) What was I thinking? Everyone sees it It's not a secret That I'm just a reject Sick of the system Don't wanna hear it It's not a secret That I'm just a reject Percy backed away from the mic with a wicked grin, nodding his head to the long lasting melody they had going on seconds before leaning forwards to continue singing along with his band members. I'm just a reject (N) My teacher said I was mentally disabled, so unstable So I'll stay in bed All day Save your breath You can talk at me but I'm not listening If this is a test, Then I'm probably failing (A) What was I thinking? Everyone sees it It's not a secret That I'm just a reject Sick of the system Don't wanna hear it It's not a secret That I'm just a reject (P) They try to save me but I'm too far gone And they call me crazy so I played along And you wanna change me, but I'm on my own... (A) La da da da da, la da duh La da da da da, la da duh Percy, once again, stepped away from his microphone stand to play his guitar by Leo as he part he just couldn't get right came up. And when Leo successfully played the guitar lick, all boys laughed with great spirit, Percy returning to his mic while doing so. What was I thinking? Everyone sees it It's not a secret That I'm just a reject Sick of the system Don't wanna hear it It's not a secret That I'm just a reject (P) I'm just a reject He felt his arm getting tired from playing but willed himself to keep going, seeing as they were nearly done. And as a true performer says, the show must go on . I'm just a reject . Percy leaned his forehead against the mic, out of breath and a smile on his lips. "That's how you do it!" Arising from his seat, Charles continued to praise the band, "I knew we could do it." "Who says we're not good enough for that record label? I don't think so." Nico joked loudly. Sometime yesteryear, the boys had just formed the band. To say the least, it was a hot mess. If they hadn't bore multiple pimples, scrawny arms (yes, that included Charles), and high pitched voices, then maybe they could've won the battle of the bands and that record label included. It's not that they were bad. They just weren't as experienced as they were now. The formation of the band was actually quite interesting. Percy had just discovered his singing voice and put it to use every chance he got. Just one problem, he had stage fright. Nice, one day, had overheard him singing his lungs off inside the music room as he was passing by. He, being Percy's best friend, helped him out of his fright of singing of singing in front of an audience by daring him to do many embarrassing things in public. One of those things included running around the mall with no shirt and no pants, which is where he met Charles and Leo. And the rest of history. "Let's go do something." Leo blurted out a little while after he and Charles had wedged themselves onto the loveseat the garage had. "And you couldn't have said that before I sat down." Nico whined as he laid sprawled across the other couch that rested across from the two brothers. Percy sat on top of his legs, which earned him a slap on the back of the head, and frowned. "Do something like what?" "I don't know, anything really. I just don't want to sit here like a bunch of couch potatoes." Leo crossed his arms over his chest. "There's nothing wrong with potatoes." Nico mumbled against a couch pillow, his eyelids closed shut. "I love potatoes." He added sleepily. "Well there's always a party going on at Drew Tanaka's house, why not go to that?" Charles suggested. Percy sat forward, wariness in his features. "Wait, don't you have to be popular to get in?" "We could always just sneak in." Leo piped up as he squeezed himself out of the little space he'd been sitting in. "Sounds dangerous," Nico remarked. In a split second, his hands pushed against the couch and elevated his torso off the cushion, his position resembling a seal. "I'm in." ... If another drunk girl walks up to me and asks if I'm Calum Hood one more time, I swear to god I will- "Perce, my man! Why're you hanging out by yourself over here? Come to the dance floor! Loosen up!" His wasted newly acquainted friend interrupted his thoughts with his loud shouting and a red plastic cup in hand. Percy plastered a faux smile across his lips. "Oh no, I'm good here, Connor. Plus. I'm not much of a drinker." Connor stumbled towards the green eyed boy, steadying himself by placing his hand on Percy's shoulder. "I call bullshit, Perce. Y-You can't tell me you haven't drunken any alcohol before, you're sixteen!