***NOTE: Just a quick warning, this story does contain spoilers for The Blood of Olympus . This is a two-part story. The second part will be up in a couple of days. Also, disclaimer: This world and these characters belong to Rick Riordan, I'm just borrowing them and causing them problems.*** A double date had seemed like a good idea, right up until Piper's mom appeared. Fortunately, Piper was alone in her bedroom when Aphrodite, goddess of love, showed up in a shower of rose petals. Unfortunately, Piper was in the process of getting dressed and she didn't yet have a shirt on. "Mother!" Piper snatched a towel off the back of her desk chair and quickly wrapped it around herself. "Nothing I haven't seen before, dear. I am your mother." The goddess looked agitated. "Besides, we have bigger problems right now. I require your assistance." Piper secured the towel more firmly around her. "You have got to be joking." It had only been two months since Piper and her friends had last assisted the gods with a problem; namely, killing a band of bloodthirsty giants and destroying the Earth Mother Gaea. The fight had cost Piper one of her best friends. A lump still formed in Piper's throat every time she thought of Leo, though she hadn't lost hope that she would see him again one day. But for Aphrodite to show up now and ask for help again, so soon, well, that made Piper mad. Apparently, from the hard glint in her mother's eyes, this was an emotion they were sharing. "No, Piper, I am not joking. Something terrible has happened and I need the help of my most powerful demigod child." Piper crossed her arms. "And why should I help you again?" Aphrodite pursed her lips. "Because I am your mother. And because I am the goddess of love. Things are going so well for you right now, aren't they? I would hate for anything to throw your relationship off track." Fury rose in Piper's throat like bile. Blackmailed by her own mom? Piper nearly took a swing at the love goddess. Instead, she forced herself to take a deep breath. Arguing with Aphrodite wouldn't do any good. Piper was a hero. She may not be happy about yet another quest, but she could handle it. And deep down, really deep down, she was just the tiniest bit pleased that Aphrodite had come to her for help. Her mom needed her. "Fine, I'll help you," Piper said. "But first, can I put on a shirt?" Aphrodite's stormy mood vanished the instant Piper agreed to help. The goddess beamed at her. "Of course, dear. Go right ahead." Piper stared at her mother for a moment. Aphrodite rolled her eyes. "Oh for goodness sake, Piper." But the goddess turned to face the wall. Piper quickly hung her towel back up and grabbed the turquoise shirt she'd laid out. She was already wearing her jeans. While she dug in her drawer for a pair of socks, she asked, "So, what's the big emergency?" Aphrodite turned back around. Her eyes were full of tears. "My hairbrush is missing." Piper dropped the socks she was holding. She gaped at her mother. "Come again?" "My hairbrush is missing." The goddess plopped herself down on Piper's bed and sighed dramatically. "It's my favorite hairbrush, capable of creating any style you could wish for with just a few brushes. And it's gone." Piper was tempted to bang her head against the wall, but that wouldn't accomplish anything. She considered bonking Aphrodite with the hilt of her sword, but that probably wouldn't help either. Instead, she picked up her socks and sat down in her desk chair to put them on, still staring at her mother. "How the heck am I supposed to find a hairbrush in New York City? I assume it is somewhere in the city?" Aphrodite had taken out a compact mirror and was now checking her reflection. "Oh yes. I believe the fools took it to Fifth Avenue. That's the most likely place for them to go about getting their makeovers, after all." "Wait, you know who took your hairbrush? And where they went?" "Mm-hm." Aphrodite pulled a tube of lipstick out of thin air and began to reapply her makeup. "Why can't you just go get it yourself?" Aphrodite finished applying her lipstick, studied her face a moment longer in the mirror, then snapped the compact shut. "As I told you on the Acropolis, my dear, we gods need mortals. I cannot go after the Lemnian women myself. But you can." "The Lemnian women." The name rang a tiny bell in Piper's head, but she couldn't place the story. "So, they stole your hairbrush and then went to Fifth Avenue to go shopping for makeovers?" "Yes." Piper put her face in her hands for a three count. "You realize I have a date in an hour?" "Don't worry, dear. I pushed your reservation back until eight o'clock. Two hours should be plenty of time for you to accomplish this task. Especially since I'll allow you to take your friend along to help." Great , Piper thought, though she could only imagine Annabeth's reaction when Piper gave her this news. "How am I supposed to get this all-important hairbrush to you?" "You can meet me at the Pulitzer Fountain, in front of Central Park." Aphrodite rose and smoothed down her dress. "And I can give you some advice. Seek out your sister Harmonia. She may be able to aid you." "Oo-kay," Piper said. "Where can I find Harmonia?" "I'm sure you'll figure it out, dear." Aphrodite smiled. "See you at eight! And Piper dear? Try not to be late. It's not nice to leave your date waiting." Piper gritted her teeth, but before she could respond, Aphrodite wiggled her fingers like Toodle-loo and disappeared in a pink, perfumed cloud. Piper quickly finished getting dressed, then headed out of her room. The dorm was quiet. At six o'clock on a Friday evening, most people were out, especially since the Friday night curfew wasn't until one a.m. Piper's room was at the end of the hall, so all she had to do was turn right to reach the staircase that led up to the junior floor. Piper hadn't planned on attending her sophomore year of high school in New York, but towards the end of the summer at Camp Half-Blood, she had decided it might be nice to spend some time in the mortal world. After the way her summer had gone, she wanted a bit of a break from the world of gods and monsters. Her dad had agreed and Piper had enrolled in the same boarding school Annabeth attended. Annabeth was a junior and Piper was a sophomore, so their rooms were on different floors, but as Piper reached the top of the stairs, she was glad that at least her best friend was nearby, even though she doubted Annabeth would be happy to hear Piper's news. Nevertheless, she took a deep breath and knocked on her friend's door. Annabeth smiled when she opened the door. "Hey, Piper. What's up? I thought we weren't leaving until six-thirty?" Piper made a mental note to tell her friend that the purple and gray striped top she had on looked really cute, but at the moment, they had more pressing problems. She hated to ruin Annabeth's good mood, but they only had two hours to complete the ridiculous quest. "That was the original plan," Piper said. "But my mom just dropped in for a visit. And she needs our help." Annabeth's smile melted. "Please tell me you're joking." "I wish. Aphrodite's favorite hairbrush was stolen and she wants us to get it back for her." "Okay, now I'm sure you're joking." "I swear on the River Styx, that's what she told me," Piper said. "And yeah, I think it's just as ridiculous as you do." "But we're supposed to meet Percy and Jason in an hour," Annabeth said. "We have reservations." "My mother moved our reservation back to eight," Piper said. "Also, she may have threatened to wreck our love lives if we don't help her." Annabeth's gray eyes turned Category 5 hurricane dark. "After everything we did this summer, she had the nerve—" "I know," Piper said. "But she did tell me she knows who took the hairbrush and told me where we can probably find them." Annabeth looked like she was counting to ten in her head. She took a deep breath. "Okay, fine. Let's just get this over with." "That's the spirit," Piper said. After sending a quick Iris-message to let Percy and Jason know that their reservation got pushed back (though they didn't tell the boys why), Piper and Annabeth caught the subway to Fifth Avenue. On the way, Piper filled Annabeth in on what her mother had told her about the Lemnian women and Piper's sister Harmonia. "The Lemnian women," Annabeth mused. "It sounds familiar, but I can't remember the story. I recognize the name Harmonia, though. She's a daughter of Aphrodite and Ares; she's also the goddess of, well, harmony." "Oh yeah." Piper remembered reading about Harmonia when she'd researched Greek myths with her dad, movie star Tristan McLean, for his role as the king of Sparta. Unfortunately, she also realized why Aphrodite had sent them to find her. Her stomach twisted. "The necklace of Harmonia." "What?" "Harmonia's necklace. It was a wedding present from Hephaestus." Her voice caught on the name Hephaestus, but she swallowed and quickly continued. "But the necklace was cursed. Hephaestus originally thought Harmonia was his daughter, but then he learned she was, well, actually a result of Aphrodite cheating on him with Ares. He didn't take it well." "So he cursed Harmonia?" Annabeth said. "Not cool." "Not cool at all," Piper agreed. "Because the necklace didn't just curse Harmonia. It cursed anyone else who owned it. It's not a nice piece of jewelry." "But we have to find it," Annabeth grumbled. "Any idea where to start looking?" As the train pulled into the station, Piper caught a glimpse of an advertisement plastered to the wall. She suddenly felt like she was in one of those old cartoons, where a light bulb goes off over the character's head to show they've had an idea. "Oh, that's too easy," she muttered. "What's too easy?" Annabeth asked. Piper pointed to the advertisement. It had a blue background with a solitaire diamond ring in a box and white letters on it. "What better place to look for a necklace than the ultimate jewelry store? We're going to Tiffany's." Piper wasn't much of a jewelry person; it tended to get in the way when you were fighting for your life. But she had to admit that the pieces in the cases at Tiffany's were gorgeous. Jewels sparkled in their gold and platinum settings, lit by soft lighting. The atmosphere of the store was reserved but also kind of stuck up. Piper had been forced into enough boutiques and high-end stores by her dad and his old assistant Jane to know. A saleswoman gave Annabeth and Piper a cold smile, quickly dismissing them as potential customers, before turning to give a much friendlier smile to an older couple who had walked in behind them. Piper didn't care. She just wanted to get in, find the necklace, and get back out. They still had to figure out who and where the Lemnian women were and it was already six-thirty. Only an hour and a half left. "Too bad Hazel's not here," Annabeth murmured as they walked through the store, browsing the display cases for anything that might be a cursed necklace. "She could probably find that stupid necklace in two seconds." Piper nodded. A flash of movement caught her eye and she turned just in time to see another saleswoman moving towards a door marked "Employees Only." Just before she went