***Welcome to my version of Blood of Olympus! Obviously, Rick Riordan's actual book is going to be a thousand times better, but while waiting for it to come out, I decided to write this story for fun. Each chapter is narrated by one of the Seven and the story will be about 46 chapters long in total. This first chapter is told from Frank's point-of-view. Chapter Two will feature Percy and will be up next Wednesday, 3/19/14. Hope you enjoy!*** I. FRANK Frank was tired of hearing voices. First it had been his dad, the Roman war god Mars, arguing with his own Greek alter-ego, Ares. But since yesterday when Frank had received his battlefield promotion to praetor and led an army of ghosts to victory (yeah, his life was weird), the war god had pretty much shut up. Which would have been great if there hadn't been a new voice in Frank's head, one which he had first heard whispering to him from a tunnel within the House of Hades. "I await you in Pylos." That was all it said, over and over again. Between that, his nightmares, and the general stress of being under constant attack, Frank was afraid he was starting to go crazy. After the last few weeks, he should have been used to the monster attacks, which had increased ever since Frank and his friends, the seven demigods of the current Great Prophecy, had entered the Mediterranean in their magical flying warship, the Argo II . But Greece had Italy beat on the sheer volume of monsters that seemed to have a personal vendetta against the Argo II . Maybe because Greece was the original birthplace of the gods, and therefore the monsters, but since they'd left Epirus, it seemed like they were always fighting something. So when the alarm bells went off again, Frank was more resigned than afraid. "I await you in Pylos." "Shut up," he told the voice as he left his cabin, grabbing his bow and arrows on the way. He ran into Piper and Annabeth coming out of the mess hall. They must have been getting breakfast, judging by the half-eaten bagel in Annabeth's hand. She was pale and a little too thin after her time in Tartarus, but overall Frank thought she and Percy were doing pretty well for two people who had just survived the worst part of the Underworld. "All hands on deck?" she asked as Frank reached them. "Sounds like it," he said. Piper rolled her eyes. Frank noticed she had braided her hair without any feathers this morning; maybe because that was one less distraction in a fight. "These monsters need to get a life," she said. "I think they prefer messing up our lives," Frank muttered. As they reached the stairs, the ship tilted hard to port, throwing all three of them against the wall. There was a roar, a snap, a massive THUD, then a chorus of yells, punctuated by some pretty creative cussing Frank thought was coming from Leo. Frank exchanged nervous looks with Piper and Annabeth, then the three of them charged up the stairs. They froze at the top, though, as they took in the horrible sight of the monster that was attacking the ship. A massive sea serpent was towering over the Argo II . After the skolopendra and the giant turtle, Frank should have been used to nightmare monsters rising out of the ocean, but the sight of this one turned his knees to jelly. Its scales were bright, poisonous orange and encrusted with barnacles, like armor. Its mouth, lined with saber-like fangs, was big enough to eat half the ship, and crew, in one bite. Frank guessed that the only reason it hadn't already devoured them was because the serpent was distracted by Jason, who was flying around its head and trying to stab it. On deck, Percy and Hazel were attacking the monster between its barnacle armor, while Leo was running around the helm, his hands flying over the controls. The main mast and parts of the railing were missing, either bitten off or smashed by the monster. As Frank, Annabeth, and Piper stood frozen at the top of the stairs, Percy summoned a wave, trying to push the Argo II away from the sea serpent, but the monster had curled its tail around the underside of the ship, holding them neatly in place while it attacked. It roared as the ship slammed into it. The serpent's tail swept over their heads, chopping the foresail in half and sending it flying over Festus's head, into the sea. "I am sick of replacing the masts," Leo yelled. "Stop destroying my ship, you stupid snake!" Festus roared and blew fire at the serpent's tail, leaving a ten-foot long scorch mark. The monster roared again and lunged at the dragon's head but Jason dove and plunged his sword into its left eye. The sea serpent whipped around so fast it yanked Jason's sword out of his hand and probably would have eaten him, too, if he hadn't dodged out of the way at the last second. The monster roared in pain, shaking its head to try and get the Imperial gold blade out of its eye, its whole body thrashing and sending massive waves in every direction. The ship would have been swamped if Percy hadn't deflected the waves back at the serpent. Percy finally noticed the three of them just standing there, gaping. "A little help here?" he said between gritted teeth. Frank shook himself out of his daze and reached for his bow. He nocked an arrow and sent it flying toward the serpent's other eye, but the monster was thrashing around so much, he missed. Annabeth and Piper drew their swords and ran to the other side of the ship, hacking at the serpent's tail, the way Percy and Hazel were attacking the body. "Leo, get us in the air!" Hazel called as she sank her blade into the monster's body. Green ooze poured from the wound, but it didn't seem to bother the serpent. Up above, Jason had managed to retrieve his sword and added an extra kick at the monster's injured eye for good measure. "I'm trying!" Leo yelled, banging a Wii remote against the Archimedes sphere. "The oars and the stabilizers are all out of whack again. It's going to take a minute." "We don't have a minute," Percy said. He was thin and pale, like Annabeth, and right now his face was beaded with sweat from trying to keep the waves from flooding the ship. "We're going to sink in about thirty seconds. We need to find a way to get rid of this thing." "It's the Ketos," Annabeth called as she dodged the monster's flailing fish tail. "Poseidon sent it to kill Andromeda after her mother bragged that she was more beautiful than Aphrodite." "Great history lesson," Leo grumbled. "But how do we kill it?" All of them hit the deck as the serpent's tail swept over their heads again. Green blood from its ruined eye spattered the deck, sizzling against the wood. "Perseus, the original Perseus, turned it to stone using Medusa's head," Annabeth said as they got back to their feet and resumed trying to stab the stupid thing. "Too bad we're a little short on Medusa heads at the moment," Percy said. The ship tilted violently as the monster struck it from below, sending the crew rolling across the deck. Hazel screamed as she fell through a hole in the broken railing, but Percy lunged and grabbed her. He managed to pull her back on deck, but he must have lost his focus on holding back the sea because a massive wave crashed onto the deck, nearly sweeping Piper and Annabeth overboard. Up above, Jason yelled in frustration and attacked the monster's head again, trying to blind it, but the serpent was too quick. Frank shot another arrow at the monster, this time aiming for its mouth. He hit his target, but the monster didn't seem to care; in comparison to the serpent, the arrow was smaller than a toothpick. Frank'e eyes swept the deck. They needed a new strategy, and fast, before they drowned or became snake chow. At the prow, Festus roared again, managing to incinerate the corner of the serpent's fish-tail. Fire. Frank's plan came together in a second. Fire, he thought. That's ironic . "We need fire!" he shouted. "Annabeth, Piper, get to the ballistae—use the flaming arrows! Leo, we'll need you and Festus. Percy, get ready to use the waves to push the ship as far away from this thing as you can!" To Frank's surprise, none of them looked shocked at his taking charge; they all did as he said. Annabeth and Piper ran for the ballistae, Leo typed in a couple of commands and started to smolder, and Percy nodded, closing his eyes and focusing on the waves. Hazel looked at Frank. "What about us?" she asked. "I need you to come with me and tell Jason to use lightning. We're going to see if we can fry this thing." "Okay, but how—?" Frank concentrated. He'd done this twice before. He pictured it in his mind, a massive, fire-breathing, flying dragon. His body expanded, getting heavier, his neck stretched, he felt fangs creep down over his lips. In a few seconds, he had become a giant lizard, wings furled against his sides. Hazel was staring at him, her mouth open. Frank crouched lower and jerked his head, indicating that she should get on. She grinned, then climbed up his foreleg and onto his back. "Let's do this," she said. Frank leapt into the air and unfurled his wings. Within a few seconds, he was level with the sea serpent's head. "What the—?" Jason almost fell out of the air as Dragon Frank flew up next to him. "We're going to try and torch this thing," Hazel called from Frank's back. "Can you hit it with some lightning?" Jason grinned. "Gladly." Frank flew down so that he was about at the serpent's middle. Hazel raised her voice. "On three! One—two—three!" Yells rang out around the monster. Festus roared and blew fire, while at the helm Leo sent a volley of fireballs at the monster from his hands. The monster's lower half was enveloped in green flames as Piper and Annabeth fired the ballistae. A flash of light lit the sky as lightning arced off Jason's blade straight down into the serpent's skull. Waves were rising, pushing the Argo II forward, out of the loop of the serpent's body. With a rush of satisfaction that his plan was working, Frank unhinged his jaw, opening his dragon's snout as wide as it would go. There was a rush of heat in his throat, then a plume of fire burst out of his mouth, searing the sea serpent. Blackened, burning, and still sizzling with electricity, the monster gave a final roar before collapsing back into the depths of the Ionian Sea. Frank landed on the deck with a thud. Hazel slid off and he changed into himself again. As soon as he was human, she threw her arms around his neck and kissed him. "That was amazing!" she said. "Good plan, man," Jason said, still grinning as he landed next to Frank and Hazel. "I thought we were in some serious trouble that time." "Yeah, three cheers for Zhang's 'burn everything' strategy," Leo said from the helm where he was checking different monitors. "But we actually are in serious trouble. That thing wrecked the ship. We need to do some major repairs, plus replace both masts." He looked up at the others. "I hate to say this, but we're going to have to get back on land, or at least over it, and get some supplies." "Cause our trips ashore have worked out so well," Frank said. "I know, but I don't think we have