AUTHOR'S NOTE : WELCOME EVERYONE! Glad you came by :) This is a new story and I really hope you guys like it. Do read and let me know what you feel about it. As applies to this and all future chapters of this story, I just own what you don't recognise from the books the rest belongs to J.K Rowling, the genius :) Thank you all for reading :) Enjoy. Please review and share your thoughts xx June was always so warm and beautiful. As such it was just cruel that we had to be stuck inside the castle for nearly two weeks of lovely mornings. I watched the sand trickle slowly on the hourglass at the front of the hall. My fingers tapped softly on my parchment causing my neighbour to shoot me an irritated look. I smiled to myself and looked around the hall. The sunlight streamed through the high windows lighting up everything in a warm yellow glow. My quill twisted between my fingers unconsciously as I re-read what I had written. Q8. Explain the rationale of approaching with a group rather than approaching individually when dealing with a Boggart. I rolled my eyes inwardly at the O.W.L paper. A third year could have answered that! My finger trailed along the vane of my quill letting the barbs brush past. The Anti-cheating quills provided were always very scratchy and blunt. My mind wandered boundless. The Great Hall ceiling was a clear blue with soft white clouds. I imagined it would be perfect for flying… Bored and longing for freedom I checked my watch once more just as Professor Flitwick's voice rang through the hall, "Five minutes left". He passed by my desk, looking suspiciously around at all the busy students. I straightened up pushing my lop-sided glasses into place, set my quill on the table and pulled my parchment straight. Scanning across the hall my eyes then caught the sun playing in the auburn hair of one Lily Evans. I'd spent many of my waking moments trying to vex her since I first met her on the Hogwarts Express. In turn Evans spent an equal amount of time wishing I'd vanish in a puff of smoke. It was an easy job getting young Ms. Evans' knickers in a twist. One would argue that we were getting too old for such antics but there is something so entertaining about chasing after a girl who constantly resents you that even the prospect of it made me smile. I decided right then to talk to her after the exam before she left the hall. Maybe ask her to "study" together for Transfiguration, possibly the only subject I could beat her at. That'll get her ranting for a bit! I laughed quietly at the thought. Oh how I wished Quidditch was a subject! With that longing I yawned involuntarily, ran my hand though my hair and stretched a bit pulling my arms behind my chair. I was bored enough to contemplate if drawing a sad face on my paper would disqualify me. With a quick glance at Flitwick I turned in my seat. As usual Sirius was finished with his writing. He artfully balanced his chair on its hind legs and lounged on it, gently rocking back and forth. I grinned as I realised he was staging himself for Sophia Reese who had been on his " Must Date Before Leaving School " list for the past two years. Sadly she was busy scratching parts of her essay off while she reread the final work. He responded with a thumbs up when I gave him a questioning glance. Apparently he still thought he had a shot. He never learns. Behind Sirius, Remus was hard at work bent over his parchment. Falling back into boredom I returned to my parchment sitting in front of me wondering how slow time moved. Carefully, I ripped a piece of blank parchment from a spare sheet and picked up my quill. My hand seemed to draw of its own accord, tracing ink into seemingly fluttering wings. As I shaded ink into the round centre of it the Snitch appeared metallic and more realistic. Once I could not further improve its look, my hand moved to the corner. The ink traced thick into the groove as my quill scratched into the parchment and the two letters stood out vividly against its pale background. L. E ... "Time's up! Quills down please!" Flitwick's voice called. "Please remain in your seats until all the parchment papers are collected. Accio!" My answer script along with everyone else's zoomed off the desk over to Flitwick's outstretched arms knocking him to the floor instantly. "Oh dear!" We heard him say as everyone broke into laughter. "Yes, you may leave the hall now!" I hastily scratched out the letters on the scrap of parchment and stood up, rolled up exam paper and shoved it into my bag waiting for Sirius to join me. "You know, I wish they'd make it a challenge sometimes," Sirius said as he reached me waving his exam paper. I chuckled at his feigned disappointment and followed Remus and Peter out of the hall. Sirius clapped a hand on Remus' back as we reached the entrance hall, "How did you do, Moony? Did you enjoy question ten?" "Excellent," said Remus, " Give five signs that identify the werewolf . Absolutely brilliant!" "Sure you managed to get all five?" I asked pretending to be concerned. "Oh, I think I did alright," he replied scratching his chin thoughtfully as we stepped out into the grounds. "One: He's in my chair. Two: He's wearing my clothes. Three: His name is Remus Lupin." Sirius chuckled. "You forgot four: He's probably writing on my parchment!" Peter however didn't seem to find it funny. His brow was furrowed as he looked down at his paper. "'S'matter, Wormtail?" Sirius asked picking up on it too. "I got the elevated snout, the crenated pupils and the tufted tail but I forgot-" "Oh for Merlin's sake how daft can you be Wormtail!" I asked exasperated, making a few girls look at me alarmed. "We just revised this last night! Besides you hang around with a werewolf every month!" "Shh… keep it down!" said Remus anxiously. We made our way down to our usual place under the beech tree. I suddenly realised then that my previous plans of encountering Evans had escaped me unnoticed and I looked around hoping to find her. Damn , she was with her little group of idealists over at the edge of the lake. I continued to watch them as they splashed water playfully at each other, some wading a little into the water which rippled against the wind causing them to hoist their skirts up a little. I smiled to myself as I pulled off my tie and unbuttoned my top shirt button. It was hot as hell as we sat down under the shade of the tree and I longed for a nice pitcher of ice cold pumpkin juice. I dropped my bag on the grass and pulled out the Golden Snitch from my pocket. I liked the feeling of the wings fluttering strongly against my fist. It seemed to give me an illusion of enormous power, like a giant holding a tiny little person. My mouth twitched to a smile at the idea and I let the Snitch go for a brief second before grabbing it back. "Hagrid's going to notice if you keep breaking into the Quidditch chests every other week," remarked Sirius. I simply smiled and released the Snitch again catching it back when it attempted to escape. Remus had already settled himself into a revision cycle whereas Sirius seemed glad to have an excuse to do nothing. After a few minutes of me watching the girls scream loudly and splash water at each other, Sirius sulking about as Remus tried to coax him into learning something and Peter just watching the Snitch as if it was a large piece of candy that eluded him- "Give it a rest will you? Wormtail is drooling all over you!" Sirius said loudly. I smiled at his irritation and pocketed the Snitch hoping Peter wasn't stung too much by the blunt words. "I'm bored," Sirius voiced the obvious. So was I, but not for long… Snivellus... There comes a day in every person's life when something they did without consequence for so long suddenly results in an unpredictable and often unpleasant response. In this case taunting Severus, an art the four of us had come to perfect, hurt someone I cared about. The most ironic part of the story being that I didn't know I cared enough until the damage was well under its way. "Evans!" I called after her as she strode quickly back to the castle. "Evans!" She didn't even pause to look back. "Red-heads and their temper," I turned back to the group that had gathered around me. Some of them laughed and nodded agreeing with me. But I couldn't bring myself to laugh along as I saw in the distance Lily Evan's hand disappear in front of her face unmistakeably to wipe at her face. Suddenly the pain on the side of my face where Snape's curse cut across my cheek seemed less important. My anger outweighed my guilt at that point and I was sure even if Lily had stayed back there was little that could have done to stop me from doing what I did next. "Right then," I said loudly to the group, regaining the firm grip on my wand, "Who wants to see me charm Snivelly's bottoms off? Literally, of course!" There was a roar of laughter and cheering from the circle that had gathered beneath Snape suspended upside down in mid-air. "Mr Potter?" The laughter ceased immediately and I groaned internally before turning to face the voice I knew too well. "Professor…?" I winced. Her eyes flashed angrily behind her square glasses. She'd drawn herself up to her full formidable height as she surveyed us all with repugnance. I always pictured a hawk when I spoke to Professor McGonagall. Her accusing glare lingered for a moment on Remus who I noticed had not moved from his spot between the roots surrounded by his books. Out of respect, Remus stood up slowly and stood still with his head bent low. "If it were for you to behave as though you're not a prefect, Mr Lupin, I would think it best you weren't one." Remus stayed silent with his head bent low. It was an inherent quality he had, he never argued but simply took all that was thrown at him. I never quite understood that part about him. "It wasn't his fault, Professor!" Sirius and I said, almost together. Her glare flicked towards us. "I would imagine so," she paused and then let her eyes wander over the remainder of the group, "If the rest of you were born with inkling of self-preservation, all of you will disperse. Immediately." Loyal to their own skins, the gathered crowd scattered with a blink of an eye. "Would you kindly release Mr Snape?" "Certainly, Professor" I turned my wand tip down and Snape came crashing onto the floor again, lying there on the ground in a heap. "Mr Snape, if you have suffered no injuries you may go. Mr Lupin, would you kindly escort Mr Pettigrew and Mr Black back to the castle and make sure they both indulge in diligent study for tomorrow's exam. Mr Potter, let's take a walk…" I dragged my feet slowly to the Gryffindor tower. It was late and the corridors were deserted. I was tired after the long hours of cleaning in the kitchen. If you thought the prospect of a looming OWL exam the next morning would get me out of detention, you've obviously never met Professor McGonagall. The last studious girls were leaving the library with tired puffy