My first fanfic! *is slightly nervous in posting it* Man, it's like I'm jumping right into frigid water! Well, hope it is liked. Please, readers out there, let me know what you think=) Oh...disclaimer thingy: I don't own anything having to do with LOTR, much to my chagrin, this fic is merely done as a method of pacifying my unrelenting obsession ^_^ Black sunken eyes widened disbelievingly at the chaos they viewed below. Everything that he had been working towards, everything he had built; his industry, his army, and by association, his power, was being swept away by the very force he had used as fuel for his budding dominion. He had taken advantage of Nature's plentitude as an abundant source of energy, and now before his very eyes, it uncoiled with resounding force to exact its metaphoric revenge. His thoughts darted to and fro within his mind, much the same as his eyes, as they searched for the source of this crippling mayhem. But he had to wait anxiously for the waters that were extinguishing the fires for which his influence had grown so dependent upon, to cease their tumultuous retaliations. Only then could he determine who or what had broken the dam that held back the river. Only when the frothy turbulence finally abated as the same said waters then drained and filled the wounds that scarred the earth, was he able to see the responsible party. Ents. They had for so long, abandoned nearly all associations with the other beings and races of Middle Earth and had secluded themselves to the oppressive core of Fangorn Forest. Why then, had they come out? They had decided long before that the transpirations that occurred outside their forest haven meant little to them. What then had driven them to come forth now and lay siege to the culminating efforts of his mounting power? He needed answers. And so with a final glare at the decimated panorama before him, accompanied by a coordinating snarl, he shoved himself forcefully away from the overlooking balustrade and melted into the dark depths of Orthanc to seek council from a precious and terrifying stone. It was with dangerous purposefulness that he moved through the dim, cold stoned corridors to the chamber that held the palantir. It would show him. It would show him what had dealt this crippling blow upon his dedicated and potent efforts. When he finally reached the chamber, he approached the covered stone with such urgency that he could feel its influence strengthen as the distance between it and he lessened. And as he removed the square cloth that concealed the stone, he did not even need to persuade it to show him what he wanted to see, for the minute his hand descended upon its smooth polished surface the image of two sandy haired Halflings appeared with absolute clarity in his mind's eye. Hobbits! They were what brought down all that he had worked for and all he had achieved. Simple Shire-folk! His nostrils flared with his mounting anger. He could not accept that the two unassuming creatures were the masterminds behind his unanticipated downfall. His denial burned within him, heating to a boil of rage that forced his knuckles to whiten as his hold on the stone grew more forcible. And just as his grip had strengthened, so had the stone's effect over him. It began casting images into his mind. Images of things to come. Images to reinforce in his thoughts his own failure. It showed him the toll that the loss of his army and industry had for the armies of Mordor, for now the men of Rohan we're uninhibited to rise to the aid of Gondor. It showed him how the blasted fellowship would prevail and that the one darker haired hobbit would inevitably cast the One Ring into the fire of Mt. Doom. And amongst these images that it showed him, it also showed him one that stood out most clearly. His own demise; death by betrayal, such an unbefitting end for someone such as he. He violently released the stone and staggered back as if it had burned him. And for all intents and purposes it had, but not physically, for the skin of his palm was unmarred, but his mind was seared by the unwarranted images the palantir had cast upon him. He could feel the blood pulsing heavily in his head. It could not be. But the stone does not lie. In fact, it only shows the truth and in this case, the truth was far more dreadful than any deception it could have shown him. After several minutes of resounding silence, his mind came to the conclusion that even if he could not escape the fate that the stone had shown him that he would undoubtedly receive, he would not go down passively. No, he would fight to retain whatever amount of control of his fate he could. And with that he began calculating and planning. For whatever he was to do, he needed to do it quickly to ensure that it be done successfully and completely before his fate comes to claim him. His thoughts churned within his mind as he made his way to his personal chamber. He knew that the end of his present physical form was nearing, thanks to the knowledge imparted upon him by the prophetic orb. But that did not mean that it would also signify an end for the essence that animates his body. After all, did not Sauron endure beyond the loss of his physical shell? This very notion held promise for him. He would submit for now, for there was little he could do with what had been destroyed. But he would endure as well, and when the time was right he would show the same courtesy to those responsible for his undoing. And then some. But he was not satisfied to merely carry on as an essence of his former self, for having a physical form had its advantages. Not only was it more advantageous for purposes of mobility but the race of men is generally more amenable to someone they can see. His plan was beginning to solidify in his mind as he entered his chambers. He consulted his many writings and even those of questionable origin that he was able to come in possession of, and after many hours of deliberation, careful consideration, and a fair amount of dark power alongside a foreboding and determined glint in his black eyes, Saruman set his scheme in motion. One thing that Jillian really could not stand was how stupid people became once they were forced to navigate the many roads, on-ramps, and off-ramps that were supposed to take them to their appropriate terminals. Air travel was, for its revolutionary transformation of the transportation industry, a very necessary aspect of modern day life. But you would think that the city planners, engineers, and architects who had built this, albeit rather nice airport, would have spent a little more time and thought into planning its surrounding highways and byways. She had already had to take evasive action on more than one occasion as she circled the arriving flights lanes to avoid being chastised by airport security for lingering to long along the pickup lanes that were situated alongside baggage claim. Yeah, yeah, I see you… she thought with annoyance as one particularly harried security officer waved emphatically for her to move along… But I can't go very far if the person in front of me…will…not…move! The last three syllables that sounded in her mind were echoed by her simultaneous punches to her cars horn. The reason she had subjected herself to the torturous navigations of airport traffic was because the museum that she worked for had procured a particularly intriguing oil painting, and unfortunately the artist could not be absolutely determined. So, under her director's most adamant pleas, she had contacted a highly specialized expert, the kind that had a multitude of educational and professional accolades. The painting itself was likely a renaissance piece, yet despite the growing popularity among artists of the time to actually 'sign' their work, this one had no such designation. As of now, there were a number of artists that the painting could be attributed to. That being as it was, her director had insisted that the creator of the painting be determined. After all, certain artists' names were accompanied by dollar signs and a considerable amount of zeros. As she was coming to the end of her latest circuit around the arriving flights loading area, she nearly missed her now waiting passenger. What caught her eye was a legal pad with her name, Miss Jillian Pearce, written in large black letters, most likely scribed using a black sharpie marker. The person holding the pad was a man, perhaps in his late forties or early fifties. He had grayish white hairs peppering his darker brown clean cropped style. He wore glasses and a sweater vest…the stereotypical professor type. She pulled her car over as close as she could to where he stood, managing to somehow park her car halfway between an excessively huge SUV and a waiting taxi. Ignoring the aggravated look the taxi driver gave her, for she would be out of his way in a few minutes, she addressed the man with the legal pad. "Professor Carrington?" At the sound of her voice his attention focused on her and he gave her a warm smile, before replying in a moderately thick British accent, "Ah! You must be Miss Pearce. It is finally good to be able to see the person behind the e-mail correspondence." "It's a pleasure to finally meet you too, thank you so much for taking the time to help us with our mystery." Jillian said as she offered him a customary greeting of a handshake. To which he accepted her gesture with a firm grip. "Yes, I am glad to help. I had heard of its recent acquisition. You can imagine, considering my area of expertise, that it was very frustrating to learn that the painting's identity is indiscernible as of yet." "Well I sure hope it doesn't frustrate you when you see it, because it has given me more headaches than I care to have." She joked as she helped him with his suitcases, pushing the button on her key chain's remote so that it would release the trunk's lock. He laughed good naturedly as he made his way to the driver's side of the car, "I will endeavor to not allow it to conquer me." Hi laugh was met with an amused one of her own, "Um, Professor? I don't think we'll get very far if you sit on that side." "Ah! I forget you Americans drive on the wrong side!" She mocked an affronted expression, "What do you mean the wrong side? We drive on the right side." "So it is we Europeans who drive on the wrong side, then?" he challenged good naturedly. "No, I never said that… you Europeans drive on the left." He laughed at her joke, and made his way to the appropriate side that accommodates passengers. Once they were situated in the correct seats, Jillian carefully extracted her vehicle from its confined position between the SUV and cab… So much for three point turns… she inwardly mused as the number of turns multiplied far beyond what the maneuver called for. When she finally managed to get free, she followed the many painted arrows along the recently repaved roadway that lead to the airports' eventual exit. It was as she accelerated onto the merging ramp that connected the airport to the interstate that she noticed her passenger's white knuckled apprehension as the ramps merge lane narrowed, forcing her to maneuver the vehicle into the rapidly moving, dense, and hectic traffic. She also noticed his expression was slightly queasy as he stated with an unsteady voice, "Your roads