Reviews are welcomed. I will update every week at the latest. I plan on going the full nine yards with this story so follow for an adventure. Hermione Jean Granger was a witch. When she first learned she was a witch Hermione headed to her nearest library and took out every novel, reference book, tape, and pamphlet relating to witches. She soon discovered that Muggles really didn't know a thing about witches and, subsequently, she found that the informational packets Deputy Headmistress McGonagall had given her were much more helpful. However, one bit of Muggle information had stuck with her. When a curious eleven-year-old Hermione looked up "witch" in her trusty dictionary it claimed, "witch. /wiCH/ noun. 1. a woman thought to have magic powers, especially evil ones, popularly depicted as wearing a black cloak and pointed hat and flying on a broomstick. 2. an ugly or unpleasant woman." At these definitions, young Hermione was displeased. She was not evil (though she had been told she had a vindictive streak but, dang it, that wasn't the same as evil !), hats had never fit over her thick, bushy hair (much less a pointed one), and there was no way real witches flew on broomsticks. It was the second definition, though, that really got to the child. She had always been made fun of for her outrageous hair and her buck teeth and her vivacious approach to learning. Maybe I'm seen as unpleasant because I'm a witch. Hermione thought, as she paced anxiously across her bedroom. Maybe that's why people don't like me… She continued to pace, working herself into a tizzy and becoming more and more upset. She had started to cry and wondered if she was destined to be the outcast. With a change of mind, the girl suddenly stopped, clenched her fists, and definitely whispered, "No. I am smart and capable and if people don't like me then- then well, t-then they are the unpleasant ones!" During her declaration, Hermione's hair moved as if by an unseen force. Sparks of pure magic ran through it, driven by her resolve. The room filled with a stifling magic and, even to a muggle, the girl would appear to glow. This was not accidental magic but, rather, an Aura Resonance. That's when a person of strong magical capabilities loosens hold of their magic for a time, often as a show of magical strength, or warning. Willpower and anger. Two things that drove Hermione to extreme magical prowess. However, Hermione did not realize this. Instead, her defiant declaration had made the child quite sleepy and she quickly dressed into her nightclothes and unceremoniously passed out on her bed. And, as she snoozed, H J Grangers fate was slightly, but significantly, altered. Summer Before Fourth Year Hermione sighed with displeasure and rolled her eyes upwards. Her location was a French bistro on the Île de Porquerolles. The tiny island off the French Riviera was where the Granger family had vacationed for decades. Lovely sea air blew in through the open doors that looked out onto a breathtaking view of rugged cliffs and scarcely populated beaches. No, the scenery was not Hermione's problem. It was the company. Emma Granger nudged her daughter under the table and gave her a pointed look that clearly said, " Behave, missy ". Hermione straightened up and did her best to look chastised. Emma softened her gaze and gave her only child a small encouraging smile. She then turned back to her conversation with Hermione's Aunt Clarissa on the mating habits of spider monkeys (Aunt Clarissas work). Hermione watched as her mother nodded politely at the appropriate times as the other women droned on about monkey sex. Emma Granger was a saint. She could talk to anyone about anything and did so with grace. Hermione, however, was a bit more like her father Daniel "Dan" Granger. Who was down the table tightly gripping his fork, listening as his brothers snobbishly and subtly tried to one up each other. Hermione watched with sympathy as her Dad's left eye started to twitch. Noticing her gaze, he turned to look at his daughter and mouthed " run ". Hermione giggled and turned her attention back to her breakfast. Her Dad was a person who believed that one's accomplishments should speak for themselves and that a kind word was always the best word. However, he came from a family that thrived on overt, nasty competition and lots (and lots) of bragging. The Granger clan was old. Really old, even by wizarding standards. Its members had passed through the halls of Oxford, Harvard, MIT, and more (as students and professors). Before then, the Grangers had served alongside Lords and Dukes as glorified managers and aides. However, they had also been scholars, and knights. In fact, Hermione's great-great-great something grandfather had been named an Earl. That title, however, currently belonged to Hermione's Uncle John who had, for the fifth year in a row, skipped the annual family reunion. Lucky man, Hermione thought. Uncle John disliked the family dynamic even more than Hermione and her Dad did. Even though the current Granger members were smart, most of them were, to put it delicately, arseholes. " Eh bien, je ne serais pas pris au piège dans quelque chose comme ça ." Cousin Isobel said as she scrunched her nose in distaste and stared out the window at a women in a sequined string bikini. Hermione snorted into her plate and shook her head. Isobel turned to her and smiled sweetly, " Voudriez-vous? " Hermione turned to face her cousin,also replying in French, " Oh Isobel, of course you wouldn't wear that. It would be a little to, "Hermione paused and slowly looked her cousin up and down, " snug ." Isobel's face darkened as she glared at her cousin. She opened her mouth to, no doubt, deliver a scathing reply, when the witch cut her off. " We wouldn't want you to chafe, dear. All that skin rubbing together would give one a nasty rash. " Hermione smiled meanly as her other two cousins, Mark and Anna who had been listening in from the other side of Isobel, chuckled. Isobel glared at all her cousins and stood up, purposefully hitting Hermione on her way to, undoubtedly, harass some poor waitress. Hermione sipped her coffee (she had a particular fondness for the stuff) and gazed into the sea. Isobel was a stick of a girl. However, she had been a chubby child and was still quite sensitive about her weight. This didn't stop her from judging everyone else, though. Anna called Hermione's attention, " You know, even though you go to that school of yours you're still a hoot to have around. " " Why thank you ." Hermione replied dryly. All Grangers went to top British Boarding schools and they always have. The fact the Hermione went to an unknown school and that it was called Hogwarts and that she couldn't talk about anything she learned there meant that her entire family looked down on her. In actuality, they were relieved. Hermione was scary smart, had been since she was a child. In a family that fully embraced the dog-eat-dog mantra, Hermione had been the clear top dog. When her parents announced that she was going to some obscure school in Scotland that had no notable alumni, the rest of the Granger clan was quite pleased. Hermione dutifully ignored her cousins and finished her breakfast. The breeze moved her hair and kissed her skin as it went, smelling of the sea and fine bread. She smiled and recalled another of her favorite smells, fire burning and the thick smell of magic in the Gryffindor common room. It was cruel to let a witch do magic. Give her a wand. Teach her spells. And then, when summer comes, forbid her from practicing any magic at all. Of course, purebloods could do all the magic they wanted. The Trace couldn't detect underage magic in a home with wards. But Hermione was a Muggleborn and her Muggle homes' only ward was a brown picket fence, a slightly overgrown rose bush, and her (usually) disgruntled pet cat. This injustice was one of many items on Hermiones "Things That Helped Voldemort Rise To Power" list. It was right in between "House Elves are basically magical slaves" and "Entitlement." Hermione wished she could feel the thrum of magic race down her arm, into her wand, and explode into a strong spell. She imagined dueling with Professor Lupin again (like she had almost blackmailed him into teaching her last year). Sweat dripped down her temple and stung her eye as she spun, Losing hex after hex, whilst avoiding Lupins powerful returns. She would soon loose like always, but maybe, this time, she was a little closer to victory. Her wand grew warm in her hand. She slashed it downwards releasing pure magic that tickled her fingertips and lit up the classroom in a deep blue reign of sparks. It was electrifying and- " Ahem !" Hermiones eyes flew open, she didn't realize they had been closed, and her dreamy grin turned into a frown. Isobel had returned to her seat and was completely ignoring Hermione. It was Anna who had coughed. She was currently leaning forward, past Isobel, to smirk at her bushy haired cousin. " What are you daydreaming about, Hermione ?" She asked. Thinking fast, Hermione replied, " Oh, just about how fun it will be finally meet my mentee ." Anna frowned, " What are you talking about ?" " Well, at my school ," Hermione replied with a haughty air, " fourth years mentee a first year. It's to help them acclimate to the rigorous academic schedule. We've been talking all summer and I just can't wait to meet her ." Anna snickered, " Oh yes it would be just awful if a 'Hogwarts' student fell behind in the 'rigorous' academics ." The rest of Hermiones cousins laughed at Anna's remark and Hermione wished, not for the first time, that the Statute of Secrecy didn't forbid her from Transfiguring her cousins into squirrels. She frowned and started to form a scathing retort when her Mum interrupted. " Pumpkin, it looks like you're finished with breakfast. Why don't you go to that little bookstore you wanted to visit ." Hermione grinned at her Mum, thankful for the out. " Yes, Mum ." She got up from the table and was walking out when she heard Isobel call, " Bye, Pumpkin !" Hermione bristled and forced herself to keep walking, " They aren't worth it, they aren't worth it, they aren't worth it ." One thing Hermione really needed to work on was her temper. Being friends with Ron and Harry sure didn't help that. Her best friends were fellow hot-heads. Hermione herself was known for taking no crap. Even her first year, when her know-it-all nature meant she had few friends, she still wouldn't take anything lying down. It all came to fruition on Halloween when Hermione ended up in a bathroom, pacing back and forth, trying to convince herself not to kill Ron Weasley just because he had been mean to her. It was only after a nasty encounter with a Troll, during which Ron and Harry tried to save her, that Hermione forgave Ron. Her unrelenting and head-strong nature had made her quite a few enemies. Hermione pondered her last three years at Hogwarts as she exited the cafe onto the island streets. Wandering down the cobblestone, she donned her sunglasses and thought back to her biggest conflicts. When Pansy Parkinson refused to sit by her during first year (she couldn't lower herself to sit by a "filthy Muggleborn") Hermione hexed her to feel hot coals every time she sat down. Every time a Ravenclaw claimed that she, "wasn't that smart" Hermione would remind them that she was first in her class and ask if they needed a tutor.