― home; By CLARAPOTTERS April 22 this is my entry for the april thejilychallenge , with the theme "modern muggle au." clarapotters vs. childoftimeandmagic :) JILY CHALLENGE; MODERN MUGGLE AU The Prompt; "I tripped and spilled the dish on you and started panicking but you ended up comforting me despite the fact that you're covered in sauce and meatballs how are you so nice" waiter/waitress AU HOME; 1. The place where one lives permanently. London. 2. A person or persons that make being alive worth it. They know you and all your flaws within moments of meeting you. They love you within hours. 3. What falling in love feels like? She keeps picturing the lacy red dress she saw in the shop as she walks into work that night. The twilight haze that surrounded her is supposed to look immaculate, the light setting her hair on fire in the most spectacular way. But her thoughts do not touch upon that subject; her mind is filled with dissertations and Shakespeare and why he is so influential. She is fretting about her university fees and how she can ever fix her relationship with her sister, and she can't stop thinking about that damn dress. But alas, that dress cannot belong to Lily Evans this time round. She needs the money to graduate. London is lit up before long, and Lily takes a moment as she tosses her hair up to take in the view. It would never cease to amaze her. "Lily, table three needs water and 4 glasses." Marlene, her co-worker, nudges her gently, adjusting her apron as she fires up a stove. The kitchen is as busy as it always is on a Friday night, fires roaring up, tall chiefs chopping vegetables with precision, delicately placing parsley on the pasta before them, and waitresses grabbing trays and rushing to serve their customers. Lily sighs gently. Just another day. She nods at Marlene, grabbing the waters before heading out onto the floor, wistfully thinking of how she could be writing instead. He knows he shouldn't be taking the Mercedes, because it is just supposed to be a small get together, but everything in his blood feels the need to rebel, to tell the world that Remus has powerful friends. Sirius has tossed him the keys, a fire in his eyes, smoke trailing from his mouth as he exhales nicotine, before shoving the Marlboro packet towards James. "Remus and Pete said they'll meet us a seven," Sirius drawls, closing his eyes and leaning back against the headrest of the car, while James draws his seatbelt. Sirius doesn't bother. Sirius is going through enough. His parents have sent him another abusive email. He is still having nightmares. And there isn't a thing that James can do, and it kills him. At least Peter is emotionally stable. He's the only one. James nods, twitching his hand and feeling the car rumble to life underneath him. His fingers vibrate on the gearstick and his urges to smash the damn thing increase. He inhales; not tonight. Remus needs him tonight. The car revs smoothly along the London roads, and Sirius turns the radio up as loud as it could go, and James doesn't mind r u mine? Vibrating through his spine as he drives. It's a normal night. Everything is going to be okay. The restaurant is situated on a corner, which makes it easy to pull the Mercedes into the park just outside the door, and James can already feel the atmosphere inside. Busy, warm, and a billion amazing pasta sauces wafting towards him. He looks towards Sirius, Sirius looks towards him, the last of the cigarette between his lips. "He'll be okay, right?" His voice makes it sound nonchalant, like of course he would be, but he knows Sirius catches the tremor on the end. He exhales the smoke slowly, and James automatically falls into time with his breathing. "We're all going to be fine, mate." And then, within a split second, "Now, I want my exotic Italian beer and meatballs." James can't help but chuckle, and they exit the car, smoke still following them. Pete and Remus are seated, and Sirius is already bounding towards them, while James stays behind to tell the waiter they're under "Potter." He's distracted as he's walking towards the table, still thinking of everything that could go wrong tomorrow. Then, he sees a flurry of red hair and uniform brush past him, humming the tune of a song by The Wombats. She's not paying attention to anything, just bringing water to tables and brushing strands of hair out of her face, but all James Potter has to do was take one look at her, scribbling the orders with her left hand, and he instantly feels weak at the knees. Nothing is better than her, his jaw has dropped as he walks into a table, before quickly straightening his bowtie and sitting at the table before she can catch him staring. He claps Remus on the back as he sits, nodding at him in reassurance. Remus's curly locks fall on his eyes as he smiles, and that's all he needs to do to thank James. Before they know it, Sirius has started talking about how good Fibonacci's beer is. "And I love the theme," Peter chips in, his eyes glancing around the room, eyeing the numbers that are scattered across the walls, 3s and 5s and 21s, all to honour the namesake of the restaurant. James can't help but snort at the theme of the restaurant. Maths was such a mundane thing, but somehow this little Italian restaurant that, amazingly, was filled most nights, makes it endearing. They talk about pizza (Pineapple did belong on pizza, but Sirius wouldn't listen to reason) and politics and "No Remus, Earl Grey is not everyone's favourite tea, you're just a snob." But James can't help but push his glasses further up his nose whenever she passes their table, and his jaw drops a little every time she has to tuck her hair back. She makes eye contact with him once, and as soon as he sees the bright green eyes that are so green they couldn't be real, he knows. He already knows, he's fucked. An hour flies by for Lily, and she's already beginning to feel light headed. How do people manage to do it? University and working and socializing and having enough money to buy food and pay the rent and have nice dresses and places to wear them to, and still have money to go out. She blows the hair out of her face and glances back at Marlene from the kitchens, who winks at her as she stirs the sauce. Lily inhales sharply, picking up her pen and paper and walking over to table 7, where four immaculately dressed 20-something year olds sip their beers and laugh. She exhales sharply still, realising that one of the four was the one who she has been not-so-subtlety staring at. He has jet black hair and despite the fact that he's obviously filthy rich (perhaps to the point of arrogance) he wears glasses, even when he could get laser eye surgery. Lily can't help but observe him, her fingers itching to pen a story about him for class. The way his fingers twitch, and the way he always has to be doing something with his hands, like running them through his hair or tapping on the table, or that he has a handsomely square jaw, and his grin was crooked as he laughs at his friend's jokes. Everything about people like him is supposed to be stuffy, posh and fake and stiff. But somehow, the boy and all his friends seem like they are in technicolour, bright and real and genuine. He looks at her, eyes lighting up as he notices someone walking up to them. "Ready to order, sirs?" Her voice shakes and she feels a little intimidated, although she will never admit it. People who arrive in Mercedes Benz cars don't come to Fibonacci's very often. "Yes, I'll take the Fibonacci Specialty Meatballs, and this tosser will have the same," Jet Black Hair says, gesturing good-naturedly to the one on his left. His hair is long, his eyes a stormy grey, his jaw set. If Lily's heart wasn't pounding at the idea of Jet Black Hair, she'd have thought Stormy Grey Eyes attractive. She jots down the order in a scribble, blowing hair out of her face again. "I'll have the Carbonara, and another beer," The next one to speak has curly brown hair, and plays with his fork as he speaks. He wears a worn sweater that looks well loved, yet still somehow well-presented and classy. He has rings under his eyes that implies he is both tired and that he has reading glasses, and Lily likes how he looks, and something about the air Worn Sweater gives off made Lily hope he likes Shakespeare as much as she does. She writes that down too, ignoring the parts of the order that had smudged due to her left-handedness. She'd remember this order. She knows it. "I'll have the Margherita pizza, please miss." The last boy is pudgy and polite, and Lily feels a warmth in her heart at the thought of a 20-something year old, privileged and dumb, still having those manners. She smiles and writes them down, biting her lip as she did so. She sees Jet Black Hair glance at her and look away, and Pudgy and Polite sniggers at his friend's antics. "They won't be too long," Lily announces, a blush creeping up her cheeks. Stormy Grey Eyes begins a conversation again, and Lily goes back to the kitchens, a strange warmth knotting its way through her stomach. Something about those boys feels new and strange and familiar all at once. Something about them reminds her of what a home should feel like. She can't stop thinking of his crooked grin and well-balanced manner as she precariously balances the two bowls of meatballs and the Margherita pizza. Her mind is racing and her pulse is thudding which causes her fingers to tremble as she holds the meatballs. But then she makes eye contact with him as he turns around, and her knees weaken, and just as she reaches table seven her knees finally give way. It's a slow motion masterpiece, really, because she's trying to save Jet Black Hair's crotch from Fibonacci's sauce and the food is flying and Jet Black Hair looks horrified and yet dazed, Stormy Grey Eyes has a disgruntled look because he knows he'll lose his meatballs, but he can't contain his amusement that food will end up in his friend's lap. Worn Sweater has a snarky look on his face as he sees Lily, because he's been watching her and Jet Black Hair eye-fuck all night, and maybe now they'll finally get somewhere, and he gets to watch his friend get covered in meatball sauce. And Pudgy and Polite, well he just looks mortified at the loss of such marvellous food. The meatballs make contact with Jet Black Hair, spluttering spectacularly on his white dress pants. Lily's hair comes undone again, but she does not care, and she's on her knees wiping up sauce off him as her hair gets caught in her mouth and he doesn't know what to do. "I'm so sorry… sir, I'll get this cleaned up right away, oh god, um-" Her voice cracks and he knows she's panicking, but he doesn't know what to do. He's never had a beautiful girl spill meatball sauce on him before. "I'll give you a whole meal replacement, a refund, oh my- Uh, Sir, give me one second–" He finally looks down at her below him, ignoring his friend's faces, and puts his hand gently on hers. "It's okay, we can just get another one. It's fine, love." He doesn't know why he says it, but he does. Her