Knots; Or "This is what it feels like" AUGUST JILY CHALLENGE | acciododie vs tadasgay The first wizarding war + "james thinks lily has moved on when he returns from a long order mission and she's pregnant but omG he's fATHERED a child" Her heart is catching in her throat, twisting like a thousand snakes, and her fingers are numb as she presses them into his. It's got to be like this. They all have a part to play, but it's not supposed to be like this. There's always the risk of dying, but Lily knows that she can't let him die. "Lily," His eyes are round and hazel and still so electric, but that little spark of mischief is fading piece by piece. All he wants is to help. And she'll let him, she can let him go, but she can't let that spark disappear. "James," She's holding him like there's a reluctance to let go, and there is, and neither of them want to just yet. He doesn't want to leave her, withered and waiting, when he might not come back. He's not even sure he wants to leave anymore. Ever since the war broke out, all they've wanted is to join the order and help. And now he's wondering if dying is worth it when Lily is worth living for. But he has to go. "Lily, I have to." She nods, lips grazing across his knuckles. "I won't ask you to stay." "I won't either." Her brows furrow and she's confused, and a sigh escapes his lips as he replies. "If—If I don't come back, or if you get tired of waiting… you can go, leave, start anew. I won't ask you to waste your time for me." She starts to say something, but doesn't finish. She knows his intentions are just what are right. They both know. The only way to truly tell each other how deeply they feel is to be okay with letting each other go. But Lily only nods, forehead resting gently against his. He looks at her with those brilliant eyes and she's already missing him, already drowning, and their lips collide. He's balling her shirt into his hands until his knuckles turn to paper and she's gripping his hair, melancholic and fierce and filled with the knowledge that maybe this is it, this is war time, and he's going out to help Dumbledore find the Death Eater headquarters. This is it, and Lil and James are in love, pressing into each other with everything that they have, anger and sadness and panic and raw electric love. Her shirt is over her head and so is his, lips crashing messily and knots are everywhere, in his stomach, in her hair, in his belt, in her heart. Every layer of clothing is removed and the air is heady and full of sweat and angst. I fucking love you is whispered into the abyss and eyes are closed and tears are shed because they need to know that they can exist perfectly together before they learn to exist apart. "Lily- Lil-" Marlene's breath is hitching in between her sobs. It's ok, it's ok. "Lily, it's going to be alright" Mary's hand is there; it's the three of them, like it's always been the three of them. But for once, Mary wishes it wasn't. He should be here. With her. "What if he's gone? I can't do it alone Mar- fuck, I can't, please make it stop—" Lily's voice is hoarse and sharp and everything Lily isn't, she's made of pure panic and electric shocks. "He's not gone, I promise, he's going to come home." "But he told me he might not, we told each other it was ok to move on, oh god Mare, I've lost him, and I can't do it!" "LILY EVANS!" Mary's voice is sharp and everything Mary isn't, but it cuts through Lily's sobs and she stops for a moment. "He loves you more than he loves anyone, more than he loves Sirius, even." Lily blinks. Even Marlene finds that hard to believe. Mary raises her eyebrows. "It's true. He'll come home, he'll survive. He'll come back and he'll light up when he sees you. You're his fuckin light." Marlene nods softly. "She's right. This won't change anything, he'll stay, and of course he will. And he'll live, because – don't tell him I said this – he's actually good at spells and duelling." Lily laughs and hiccups, a mixture of salt and snot and exhaustion. "Can we get off of the bathroom floor now?" Mary asks, trying mask her disgust. They do, and Lily passes Marlene the empty firewhiskey bottle, and Marlene says it one last time for reassurance. " It's going to be okay. " There's a feeling like he's been pounded in the ribs by a ton of bricks, but he realises too late that it's a jinx. The Death Eaters are darting all around him and he doesn't know if he can see his comrades anymore. God, Sirius should be here, with him, with Pete, not… wherever he is. James has to exhale sharply as a wall comes falling down where he was standing seconds before, and he reaches for the mirror in his sock as he fires a curse over the crumbling wall. He's enjoying this, he knows it, adrenaline is what his body is made for, and for so long he thought he lived for the feeling of imminent death. Until he knew what it was like to feel the imminent feeling of living, of being with Lily Evans. He thinks of all the reasons to stay alive, and she (and Sirius) always come first. He shoots another spell and knocks someone out cold with it, but all he can focus on is the shooting pains in his ribs, knots spreading through his insides. He doesn't know what he's doing anymore, everything is falling, fading, collapsing. Its then that he sees him, it. The mass. He looks like nothing people have ever described, just looming and twisted, non-human and inexplicably evil. And he's heading straight towards Peter. James scrambles from his safe spot in the corner of the falling building to save his friend, and stones are still falling from the ceiling but he can't think of anything else, he can't- he's got to do something; he will die before that black hole gets his brother. James' wand is raised and he knows that Voldemort can sense it, but he doesn't turn around, he doesn't make any acknowledgment. He's looking at Peter's hunched, cowering figure, and he seems to be speaking to him, almost. Except he says nothing. James can't breathe, he can't swallow the lump in his throat, and for a moment he's frozen, he's not sure what's happening. He feels everything go numb and he thinks that Peter is going to die, he cannot stop it, and he's next. But then Voldemort is gone, a shot has been fired at him and he's shot up into the air in a black mass. Sirius Black stands behind James, before him and Peter, eyes steely and determined. He came for them. James's eyes are so bright he cannot contain them, but before they know it more Death Eaters surround them, and Pete is helped up roughly, like the brother he is, and the three of them are fighting and blasting from all sides. This is how it's supposed to be. Brothers. There's a jet of light and Remus is there too, summoned by Sirius most likely, where the other three are, and the collection is complete. The marauders will be unstoppable now. Remus grins his weary, snarky grin because he knows that as gruesome as this is, he is with his brothers. And they're fighting for their lives, together. There's another white light in front of them and fuckin Minnie, in all her prowess, enters the fray. The Death Eaters don't stand a chance. She's a machine of wonder and power as light comes from wand again and again, knocking out a Death Eater with each blow. Jets of light are flown from left, right centre, vertical, horizontal, and every which way. The Death Eaters are more aggressive, but the Order has more heart. It has to count for something. And for what it's worth, this old building is no longer the meeting place of the Death Eaters. Minnie shouts something at Remus and he laughs, and James isn't sure if this is hell or the ideal. All of them together, facing doom. Voldemort's figure can be seen hovering above the fray, the occasional curse flung from his wand, but soon he calls off his forces, and James' heart pricks. What's wrong? What's he planning? He whips around only to see Dumbledore behind him, quietly making his way through the battlefield, leaving small bursts of flame in his wake. How fucking cool. The rest of the Death Eaters are gone and everyone sighs. Minnie looks like she wants to hug her boys, and for a moment, James thinks she might. But she doesn't. "Thank you, gentlemen," Dumbledore both greets them and dismisses them at once. "We've successfully found one of their meeting places, which mean we've flushed them out. I think you can all finally go home." He turns around, humming, and holds an arm out for McGonagall. She tiredly rolls her eyes, but takes it and they both disapparate away. "Well." The harsh grey of Sirius's eyes has faded, and they look alight again, but something within him is now well-worn. "Who wants a drink?" The other two nod, looking defeated. But this is what they have to do. "Not me, I should go home first." "To see Lily?" Pete asks, knowing the answer. Something within him looks changed, struck by whatever Voldemort did. He claps James on the back and his fingers tremble. James shakes his head, but he knows Pete is right. He has to know if she's even still there. They made no promises to each other before he left, so she had no reason to stay. And he knows she can do so much better than him. War does not limit her options. But still, he goes. And he's not sure what to expect. Its 3am when he lands neatly inside his front door, the small flat off Diagon dimly lit. She's still there. It's dark and the only light is the flickering of the fireplace, which Lily is sprawled beside, covered in blankets to hide from the December chill. A cup of tea is beside her and she gently rests a book on her stomach. She looks different than before, a little more tired. But her hair has that brilliant haze surrounding it and smells as good as ever, eyes are alight as she skims the page with interest. Has anything really changed? Her bright green eyes flicker up to meet his hazel ones, illuminated in the light. She doesn't move or get up to greet him. She sighs, oh so softly, barely audible, but the relief is both masked and obvious. "Oh. You're home." She says it so casually, like he was gone for a day and not 8 weeks. He's taken aback. He swallows the adrenaline he felt this evening and it's replaced with a new kind. The one he gets when she's in the room. "You're still in my house, then." His hands are stuffed in his pockets and everything becomes still. "Yeah and? It's our house, dumbass." Her reply is so quick, but the he barely recognises it, because she's swiftly bounced off of the floor and propelled herself into him at such speed he might explode. And there they are, 3am and in his flat, crushing each other's rib cages with I've missed you's. "You stayed," he mumbles into her hair, and she pushes herself upwards to smash her lips onto his clumsily. God, she's missed these lips. "You came back," She quips