I've had massive writers block for my multi-chapter fics, sorry about that. I'll get to them ASAP, I promise. But I was going through my English notebook and funnily enough instead of doing the topic of the day for one day I jotted down a little Dramione fic. So I went over it, added it, elongated it, and here we are. But fair warning I was in a hurry to post this so please excuse any spelling/grammar errors that may be present. Enjoy. I might make a prequel to this but for now it's a stand alone oneshot. Hope you guys like it! To Us By DracoxHermion3 Maybe is indefinite. It's something we give as an answer to instill hope into those we use it on. It can be good…but it could also be bad. It can make the difference between coming back from the war or dying on the battlefield. So yeah, maybe is a tricky thing. It's a halfhearted promise. Completely up for interpretation. But, in the end, maybe it's not. There was something in the wind that day. Something different. It was familiar, yet new. Fresh, yet slightly burned at the edges. And the wind carried it like silk. Only when I turned my head and squinted my eyes to the horizon, that I realized it was him , the one who took control of my dreams ever since his sudden departure. It was him, the one who stole kisses from me in the attic or broom cupboards. It was him , the man that I fell in love with despite our upbringings. It was him. It was Draco. My Draco. But gone was the scrawny, pointy-faced brat that once wreaked havoc in my world. Instead in its wake, stood a lean, yet muscled, filled, yet softer man, whose eyes looked distressed and tired, instead of cold and calculating. His face was even more handsome, if even possible, since the last time I had seen him. His aristocratic features hadn't dulled a bit, only blossomed as time swept by. Yet…yet he looked older than his eighteen years. His hair hung low on his forehead, barely touching his eyes. He appeared worn and torn. As if he had seen hell, been through, and crawled back out. Yet to me he was still the most beautiful man I had ever seen. Still innocent and young. Still brave and bloody amazing. And in that moment, I fell in love with him all over again. From across the field of swaying grass and slightly curved dunes of fine sand our eyes met. And to me, time froze as I readjusted myself to the intensity of his stare. Though the ocean waves crashed against the dampened banks and the seagulls continued their song, all that was there was him. I hear the strident squeak of the door hinges as someone approaches me with quiet steps. It's Ginny. She furrows her brows as she gazes upon me with scrutiny, "Hermione, what is it?" she asks. I don't dignify her with an answer, and with a slightly annoyed huff she shifts her focus, following my line of sight. "Oh Merlin," she gasps. Just as I, Ginny is overridden with a feeling of shock beyond measure. Tears course down my cheeks and I barely register the burning sensation of sand particles and shards of shell grind against the balls of my feet. My hair comes loose from its holdings atop my head and trails behind me as wind whips through the tendrils. I am unaware of how long my trek has been but the next thing I know is the feel of his hardened planes against my softer ones. The sensation of his arms wrapping around my body before he loses equilibrium and topples over with a soft thud onto the white grain below. I'm crying and kissing and embracing him all at once. I re-accustom myself to his scent, and even through the dirt, blood, and soot caked onto his clothing, it's still there, as crisp and comforting as ever. Like cologne and mahogany intertwined with a dash of spice and a hint of clean linen. It's an interesting mix but nothing has ever smelled like home the way he does. Because after everything, he became my home away from home. And he's back. He's finally here again. He's actually here. And not just a figment of my imagination. I can feel him, feel the soft dampness of his silvery strands. Feel the curvature of his jaw, the straightness of his nose. I can trace his lips and brows. I can run my hands along his scalp. Along his arms. His chest. And he has never felt more real. " It's over, Draco." " No. It's just begun." " What do you mean?" " He's not dead. Voldemort." " But Harry…the Horcruxes. He destroyed them all. We all did." " Not all of them." " But I thought…?" He quickly runs to me and grabs my hand, his heart pounding with nerves. His face is etched with worry and sweat beads on his forehead. That of which accumulates slides down the side of his face and intermixes with the blood from his wounds. I stare at him with urgency, dread settling into my bones once again. " What are we going to do?" I ask. He takes one look at me, pulls me to him, and kisses me with a heated passion. But as I settle into the kiss he lets go of my hand, pushing me back forcefully but not angrily. " Go, Hermione. Find Ginny and Neville." I shake my head furiously, glaring daggers at him, "No! What about you? I am not leaving without you, Draco!" " You have to, Hermione. This decision is beyond you," he supplies. " I am not leaving you! When are you going to get that in your head? We're in this together ." Draco's focus shifts to the crenellations of the castle, his eyes widening with panic as he sees the wards crumble and fall. " Please , Hermione! Go!" There are tears in my eyes as I respond to him, "Fine! But I'll only go if you promise me we'll see each other by the end of this." He sets his jaw and his eyes harden with determination, "We will see each other by the end of this. You have my word. Now go!" With one last look at me he turns and disappears behind the rubble. " I love you," I whisper to his unseen form and then, I run the other way. He runs his hand along my back, patting my spine in smoothing caresses. He kisses my hair. My head. My eyes, my mouth, the tip of my nose. The juncture between my eyes. The side of my head becomes a little less-than-dry and I realize that the wetness I feel is due to the tears running down the bridge of his nose. Down his cheeks. His lashes dripping with the liquid. "Hermione," he whispers. "Draco," I reply. We gaze into each other's eyes adoringly, as if the only entities of the world are encased in our irises. The swirling, molten silver of his and the decadent cinnamon-hazel orbs of mine. It's as if the world isn't really the world, but a plethora of our deepest desires. A few moments pass by as we lie on the velvety sand, staring at each other. Drinking one another in. Memorizing every little contour, every little dip and indent of our features. And once the memory has been cemented, he hauls me up and pulls me into his lap, brushing away any stray tears still present on my face with the pad of his thumb. His skin feels a bit more calloused than I last remember it being. Smiling at him with a lopsided grin, I punch his arm. Hard. "Oi! What was that for? Christ, Granger," he whines as he rubs his aching muscles. My lips tremble and I sense the oncoming formation of tears in the corners of my eyes. I hold onto his cloak with a death grip, but then my hold slackens as the pain becomes renewed. "For leaving me, ferret," I say, my voice betraying the anger beneath my words. "A-and for not writing to me. Or telling me where the bloody hell you were. Or if Harry and Ron were okay…or-or if you found the last Horcrux and successfully destroyed it." He looks at me with a look of amusement – the man is actually smiling. Chuckling quietly at my admission. But then he grows serious, notices the tears trail down my face. He sighs and places his finger underneath my chin, lifting my head to meet his gaze once again. He puts his hands on either side of my face and then his lips are on mine. The kiss is nothing like ones he has bestowed upon me before. It's soft, careful at first. Almost deliberate, almost unsure. But then the fire within his chest builds, and it becomes more desperate. More needy. More heartfelt. As if he was a man deprived of water for a century and I am the aquifer to quench his thirst. His lips were just as soft as I recall. Just as full and just as magnificent. But as the need to breathe becomes more apparent, I let go of him, and he lowers his hands. His eyes are closed when I look back to him, and for a moment he looks at complete ease with himself. With the world. I can't help the smile that graces my lips as I watch him. As I watch his eyelids slowly lift, his pale lashes catch a glimmer of the sun that is beginning to peek out of the grey clouds. As I watch a single, lone tear travel down the expanse of his beautiful face. He looks to me, and I look back. The tension melts away as we both start to laugh like first years being told a joke. I wrap my arms around his neck and lower my head into the crook of his shoulder. Playing with the fine hair at his nape. It's longer than before, and though it is still charming, I prefer his normal cut. Our laughs ease and soon enough are replaced with sighs of content and peace. "You left me for eight months," I whisper. "I know." "With not so much as a word of what you were going into." "I know." "Why?" "I…couldn't risk your safety," he begins. "I thought it was the best option to keep you out of harm's way. Especially since Ginny is pregnant and…and she needed somebody to take care of her." He sighs, rubbing the bridge of his nose with his free hand. "Trust me, it was a hard decision, but Harry and Ron both reminded me that it would be for the best. And it was. I mean, look, Hermione. You're here. Alive and whole. And Ginny is…safe and the baby…and-and I'm alive…and…" he trails off. "Still. You could've given me the choice. Don't you think it would have at least been logical to ask me what I wanted to do?" He sighs again. "I know, but Hermione, I was only thinking of you. Please just, try to understand my circumstances." I lift my head from his shoulder and focus my eyes onto his. "I know. And for that…I thank you so much, Draco. I know how much it takes to leave someone behind." I pause. "What you did…it wasn't a coward's act." I take his face into my hands and place a gentle kiss on his forehead. "But please, try to understand that I want to help whenever I can. And I know that you just wanted to protect me but Draco, we both know that I can handle myself. Especially if you're there with me. You know we make a wonderful team." " WHERE IS HE? WHERE