From the Rich to the Poor 1. It was a cold, December morning when King Marcus fell in battle. Legend has it soft snow fell constantly until his whole body was buried before the sun shone out on the grim battle ground. Once the battle had ended, after countless lives had been lost, the snow melted away and loyalists to the crown found his body perfectly preserved, one lone stab wound to the heart being the only indication he wasn't resting peacefully. His state funeral was grim occasion. After 3 formal days of mourning, every family donned themselves in their best, black clothes and lined the streets. The silence was deafening. I remember thinking how unnatural and uncomfortable it was for that many people to be silent. Even the young children had picked up on the sombre mood as kept their lips tightly pressed together. Some couldn't cope with the emotions and broke into tears, only to have their mothers quickly usher them away. Silence was the only constant. His body was carried by a cart. He was wrapped in the Forks flag and 20 soldiers on horseback followed him. His widow was last in the procession, dressed completely in black with a matching veil over her deathly pale face. The memory of her walking this same street in a white gown only 3 months prior was not lost on anyone. Papa elbowed my gently, a reminder to bow, as the body passed in front of us. I place a gentle hand on my sister's back. Alice was weeping silently, too young to understand the whole situation. For her, she was weeping for the fallen King. A fair and just King, whom died protecting the Kingdom of Forks – as God had put him on Earth to do. Sweet, innocent Alice has no idea of the coming. I wished, once again, our mother was still alive to help her understand. King Marcus had took control of the crown after King Robert died of a long and painful disease. He helped his son learn how to rule before he passed away – this is why King Robert's legacy is so celebrated. An uprising occurred when King Marcus was crowned because many people claimed he wasn't a legitimate heir. There were tales of the Queen Regent, King Marcus' Mother, being a loose lady and unfaithful to her husband. Whilst there is no evidence to these claims, no one believed them more than those living in the Kingdom of La Push, our neighbouring Kingdom. This is how the battle, in which King Marcus lost his life, took place. Whilst La Push lost the war, it's Forks that has suffered the most. Many Father's, Husbands and Brothers lost, our biggest loss clearly being our heirless King. With no children to take over and both brothers also lost in battle a power vacuum occurred, with all kinds of men crawling out of the woodwork claiming their right to the throne. The grim decision that King Marcus' cousin, Aro, had the most legitimate claim to the throne crippled us all. He is a cold and careless man whom I have never, and will never, call my King. Within days of him being crowned he raised taxes up to 80%, if you were proven to be loyal to the crown this was dropped to 50%. My father and many other Fathers and Husbands refused to bend the knee to a phoney and false King. I stood by his decision and I would not change my mind should I have a noose around my neck or have my head on a block. I knew he wouldn't either. The raise in taxes meant that the Kings Guard would turn up at the house on a weekly basis, and if we didn't have the money they would takes crops or other goods. This resulted in many families not having enough to feed themselves let alone sell any goods on market day. My father, who was once known as the greatest potatoes farmer in all of Forks, had to stop selling his goods for fear that we would starve. He now grows only to feed our family. I stopped being able to make and sell corn bread because we just don't have the money to buy the ingredients. "He's been again" my father called, pulling my out of my stupor as he steps throughout the front door. "Pardon" I replied, as I continued to patch up the rip in young Alice's work dress. "Edward Cullen" I dropped the work dress on the dirty ground as I rushed towards the entry hall. Father held two bags in either hand - one small, the other quite large. He handed me the larger one whilst he emptied the smaller bag into his palm. Three gold coins tumbled out and I knew my father would be hiding it under his bed, with the rest, before the tax guards arrived. I opened the larger bag and pulled out a loaf of bread, a small knob of butter and decent size wedge of cheese. My mouth started watering just thinking about how well we'll be eating today, and if I'm lucky, tomorrow as well. Papa let out a low whistle. "Wow, Isabella. That Edward Cullen sure is sweet on you" "Papa" I gasped, colour flooding my cheeks. "I wish you would stop saying that. I have never met Edward Cullen. He does not have those interests in me" Heat flooded my entire being at having this talk with my Father. Yet again. "Well, all I know is no one I've spoken to gets as much food as we do." "I'm sure he's just honoured to do something for you, Father". "Me?" he scoffs "an old potato farmer. Yes, I'm sure I'm the one he's trying to impress" "You fought very bravely in the war, Father. We're all very proud of you." My eyes glance down to the leg that now doesn't work properly, a lump forming in my throat. "Yes, well" Father rubs the back of his neck, uncomfortable with any emotion being discussed; making me smile "I still think he brings them for you. Everyone knows how you love to cook." I offer a small smile, wishing to end this conversation. I excuse myself to the kitchen to prepare our breakfast, my new ingredients in hand. Edward Cullen is a name that's on everyone's lips. Tales spread of how he bravely scales the castle walls and steals money and food back from the King and dishes it out among the poor. Some say he travels to other kingdom and brings food back with him. Others say he's richer than the King and it's actually his own goods his giving away. Either way, the price on Edward Cullen's head is a number I can't even comprehend. The rise of the notorious Edward Cullen was more exciting than I ever dreamt it would be. People began waking up to small amounts of money and food on their doorsteps and as the weeks went by more and more people would wake up to these gifts. It comes that we expect it. Some say he found a more efficient way of taking more but I think he's been biding his time, working out who is loyal to the crown. The loyalists don't get a scrap, which may seem harsh, but word would surely get out to the kings guard and our homes would be searched and ruined whilst they looked for our coins. Whilst I'm sure the Kings Guard have heard all the rumours, they have no idea what truly goes on. People like my Father make sure to only speak of it outside the home to those they truly trust. I'm not sure where the name Edward Cullen came from. Maybe someone saw him one day and recognised him. Maybe he told someone who he was. All I know is the King wants his head – he knows he's been stolen from, he just doesn't know that Edward Cullen steals not to help himself, but to help the people of Forks. Edward's supporters have grown a tenfold, and many men are said to help in ways. I'm not sure if they help with the stealing or the delivering. But I know one man cannot scale to castle, steal that large amount and spread it out over the whole of Forks in one night. I wonder briefly if my Father is a part of it and that is how we get such generous helpings. Maybe he's speaking of this Edward Cullen fantasy to keep me from finding a husband and leaving him to fend for himself and Alice. At almost 18 it won't be long before suitors start sniffing around. I dismiss the idea quickly. My Father would never do that to me and with his bum leg he'd never keep up with the group of rebels, although I imagine he wishes he was part of it. Alice's soft gasp makes me look up from chopping potatoes. Her eyes are wide and she dashes off to claim her work dress off the floor. "Isabella." She cries "the floor is all dirty and now my dress is too, and the rip is still here" her little fingers wiggles about through the hole. "I'm sorry, Alice. I didn't mean to drop it on the floor. I'll fix it later." I promise "Why don't you sweep the floor? That would be a big help" At the age of seven Alice is always under my skirts, just wanting to be a part of whatever I am doing. It's my job to teach her a woman's place in the home, just as my Mother would have. She nods, darting off the collect the broom. As I gaze at her soft hazel eyes, her round face and her curly dark hair I can't help but notice how much she looks like Mother. My heart squeezes. The day passes quickly with me preparing all the days meals, cooking the meals and then cleaning the house. Alice helps in small ways before I usher her off upstairs to play with the wooden figures Father had whittled her. Her most recent game is to pretend one of the figures is Edward Cullen and, after 'stealing' a castle (made out of three spare wooden blocks Father had) he married the figure she pretends is herself. It's adorable, if not a little worrying. FTRTTP The day is so average that I wasn't to expect the events that would occur that night. I woke to a sharp cry from downstairs. It was a male voice, unlike my Father's making the noise. I gasped as I jumped up, careful not to disturb Alice in the bed next to me. My heart began hammering, thinking there was an intruder in the house. My hands shook as I panicked. Do I confront? Do I hide? It was when I heard my Father's voice, muffled through the walls that my panic turned to confusions. I looked out the window. The sky was pitch, no signs of day breaking and I could tell from how deeply Alice was sleeping we had been in bed a while. Who would visit at such an hour? There is no horse tied up outside. Whoever is here doesn't want anyone to know…anyone except my Father. My Father is a smart, wise man but that doesn't mean he always makes the right choices. He has been known to get caught up in the heat of the moment, always thinking he's doing right, and acting before thinking. If men are here from the upraising and he joins it'll be his head in a noose. An uncontrollable need to protect my Father kicks in and I dashing out of the bedroom, donned only in my white nightgown. I creep down the stairs and following their voices, I deduct they are in the kitchen. Voices become clearer. One is definitely my Father. One voice is