DISCLAIMER: I own Nothing. The character mentioned here in are and will always be belonging to J. k. Rowling. If you wish to read the true story of Harry Potter please read her most amazing books. AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story is AU starting after Harry's First Year. It is a story of Severus as a father/mentor for young Harry and takes place in the summer between first and second year. It is AU and will deal with themes of abuse (child) as well as a small little war. WARNINGS: Mentions Child Abuse. Some Fighting and Violence will occur. Mild Swearing. Severus was leaning back on his favourite straight back chair. It has been a long four weeks. For that matter it had been a long month and a half. Starting with the end of term feast when he'd held Harry back telling him to come to his office. Where he had talked to the boy about staying with him over the summer. Something Severus wasn't sure he should have done at the time. Now looking back he was relieved. The things that had come to light in the short time he'd had Harry were really troubling Severus. It reminded him too much of himself. What he'd seen in the boy the first times he'd been in his classroom had shocked Severus to no end. All his preconceptions about the boy were false. The child was not spoiled and he certainly wasn't James. It was so hard to believe that the underweight child in his arms that looked more like an eight year old boy then the eleven year old he really was, had suffered the same if not worse abuse then Severus himself had as a child. Looking at the child of his best friend Lily Evans he felt tears forming in his eyes and a lump in his throat. That he'd allowed this precious boy to be harmed like that was almost too much for him. He had filled for guardianship based on a paper he'd revealed to Albus when he'd learned of the boy's home life. The paper was a legal document Lily had sent him the morning of her death. It listed three people who were to take Harry if something happened to her. Her sister Petunia if she desired to raise her nephew, Severus himself as Harry's second godfather and Sirius Black Harry's other godfather. Severus had thought like Lily evidently did, that Petunia would be able to offer Harry a real family. Sirius was in Azkaban and Severus was a bachelor who had never had any experience with children younger then eleven. Now though he refused to allow Petunia to have the child again. The papers had been filled and his letter from the Ministry stating that one Harry James Potter was now the responsibility of Severus Tobias Snape sat on his table along with the two empty cups from their earlier tea before the boy had fallen asleep in his arms. Severus was going to take Harry over to visit Narcissa and Lucius Malfoy tomorrow to introduce Harry to his extended family. Lucius was after all Severus's adopted brother from his third year when Lucius's father had seen the evidence of the abuse Severus had suffered, the summer after his second year, and thus had filed for a formal adoption to remove Severus from his abusive home. With Severus's mother being dead at the end of the second year Severus had nothing left at home and readily agreed. In all but blood Lucius and Severus were brothers. Just as Severus was considering putting Harry to bed and following suit himself the floo in his hearth turned green. He'd just risen to his feet wand out when Narcissa Malfoy cradling a crying Draco in her arms stumbled out. Severus quickly set Harry on the chair. The child starting to wake up at the sudden change in position. Severus took two steps forwards and pressed Narcissa behind him. Pushing her towards Harry. Putting up charms and wards between Narcissa, Draco, Harry and himself so that whatever came through the floo next wouldn't have a chance to get to them without going through him. A ready stance and his wand held in a death grip Severus faced the floo. Ready to duel. Lucius stumbles through covered in blood and wearing tattered clothing. Falling to the floor with a scream. "Seal it. Seal it NOW," filling the shocked room. Severus took one step forwards his wand pointed towards the Floo. A single look spared towards Lucius before he acted. A flick of his wrist sent the spell. The blast of red light flew through the floo. The powerful hex hitting its mark as a sharp terrifying scream sounded from the fire. A moment later a blast of blue light hit the floo and the flames died as a solid wall cut the fireplace off. Another quick flick and Severus's doe patronus stood before him. "The Malfoy's have been attacked. There are serious injuries to deal with. We need emendate access to the infirmary. We will be apparating to Hogwarts in five minutes," Severus said calmly to the patronus. "Go straight to Albus Dumbledore," Severus commanded and watched a moment before the doe left through the wall and vanished from sight. Narcissa wanted to run to her husband but the barrier that Severus had erected prevented her from doing so. She screamed out in fear when the scream resonated through the room, but instantly calmed at Severus's soft voice. After the patronus left she stood stock still holding her hysterical son in her arms as he wailed uncontrollably. "Harry," Severus called out turning towards the chair where the child was palming his eyes blinking rapidly. Pulling on his glasses he met Severus's concerned gaze with a confused and lost expression. "Get your invisibility cloak and your wand. Hurry. We don't have time and we are in danger. Do not ask question, do not take anything else. Go now." After those words were spoken by that steady voice Harry jumped down off the chair and ran as fast as he could. Severus turned to Narcissa and spoke softly, "Lucius cannot apparate in is current state. I will take both Harry and Draco with me. You will apparate Lucius to the destination as soon as I have confirmation from Albus to bring you. Can you do that?" "Yes," came Narcissa's too soft reply. Severus got a good look at her then. Draco was covered in dust. Wearing only pyjama bottoms. Narcissa herself was wearing a long pink nightdress that was torn and covered in dust and dirt. "Are you or Draco hurt?" Severus asked. Narcissa shook her head adamantly. "Good give me Draco Narcissa, everything will be alright. Go help Lucius to stand." Harry came running back in panting for breath and held out the cloak towards Severus. Who took it and handed it to Narcissa as he took Draco from her. Draco seemed to calm slightly as he felt the strong calm embrace of his godfather enclose him as he was placed on Severus's left side. "Shh Dragon everyone is safe now. Just calm down and breath child. Soon we'll be at Hogwarts and you'll be save little one. Do not fear. Everything is ok now," Severus cooed gently to the little boy in his arms. Feeling the tension ebb away. He turned his gaze to a much calmer Narcissa. "Once I pick Harry up cover both children with the cloak. Make sure they are both covered. Then none of them will be identifiable," Severus said and Narcissa nodded. He cast two disillusionment spells over Narcissa and Lucius before turning to Harry and motioning him closer. "Harry I need you to hold on tightly just like Draco is. When the cloak covers you both I want you both to take a hold of it in one hand and keep a firm grip on me with the other understood," Severus said gently. He got two soft and scared whispered yes's and bent down to pick up Harry when a Phoenix patronus came flying into the room. Severus straightened with Harry held firmly on his right side as the Phoenix spoke in Albus's voice. "The wards are down. Apparate straight to the infirmary. You have less then twenty minutes to do this before the wards will reengage." "Narcissa did you catch that?" Severus asked her and she nodded that she did. "Good cover the children. Then take Lucius and take two steps outside my door. You'll be outside the apparation blocking ward then and apparate straight to the Hospital Wing. No matter what happens outside that door do not stop, do not hesitate, just go, understood?" Severus instructed in a commanding no nonsense voice. "Yes," Narcissa stated. Walking up to Severus and tucking the cloak around her son and Harry quickly. Both boys grabbed hold of the cloak and tightened their hold on his robes burying their faces against his shoulders. He could feel both boys shaking uncontrollably against him. Severus nodded and Narcissa goes over to Lucius who's already put his wand back into his cane to use it to stand back up. Narcissa stabilizes her husband and together they make their way out of Severus's house. Taking two steps outside his door and apparating away. Severus fallows with both children held tightly in his arms. He doesn't stop as he steps out the front door and it slams shut behind him. Taking two strides forwards off his front porch he turns and apparates away to Hogwarts. Not disturbing the quiet in the night with anything more then two loud pops. Once Severus apparates to the infirmary he heads straight over to the nearest bed and sets down both boys. Removing the disillusionment charm from Narcissa and Lucius as he two boys cling to each other as they cry softly. Fear and uncertainty making them seek comfort in the only other person near them. Both looking after his retreating form with longing. Wanting nothing more then his comfort. One because he is all they have, the other because he is the only calm and collected presence in the whole situation. Severus's unemotional control over the situation giving comfort and strength to the terrified child who just witnessed his home being invaded, his father attacked, and his home laid waist to before disappearing into the floo. Severus quickly walks to the storage cupboard in the infirmary after setting the boys down to retrieve two sleeping drafts mixed with calming droughts for the boys. Casting a quick glance at a shaken Narcissa who's barely holding herself together standing hopelessly in the middle of the room watching as Poppy lays Lucius down and begins a diagnostic. Having not moved from where she had apparated. He would deal with her after he'd taken care of the boys Severus decided. Not for the first time since they tumbled out of his fireplace Severus thanked his skills at Occlumency for keeping him going throughout the crisis. Allowing him to push every emotion behind solid walls and leaving him free to think and act without reaction. He knew that is what calmed his godson, what let them all escape his home without incidence before anyone could follow the Malfoy family there. He grabbed the vials and walked back to the two boys. Who looked at him with lost and terrified wide tear filled eyes. "Shh it's alright. I'm going to give you each a sleeping potion. You'll sleep for a good eight hours and wake up rested. You've both had far too much excitement for one night. Now drink," Severus said softly, but with a no nonsense voice that insured both boys reached out and took the offered vials. Severus watched as both drank the potion and slumped over onto the bed. Taking the empty vials he set the on the bedside table. Picking up Draco who had fallen on top of Harry he went over to the