AUTHOR'S NOTES Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of it's characters they belong solely to J. K. Rowling an amazing writer. Truly brilliant. I only have the honor of playing with them for this story and hopefully others. Please read the real story of Harry Potter from J. K. Rowling's amazing books. For they are truly worth every read. I have read them so many times I have lost count. Notes: Everything I write here is fiction and is not a part of the actual story of Harry Potter as written by J. K. Rowling, but it is a story I have quite enjoyed writing. This is part of my what ifs series. Hopefully there will be many more works to come from this train of thought. I have completely changed the timeline and how the events of the books take place. I have also made the characters my own so they will be slightly OOC I am sorry for that. Unfortunately unless it is J. K. Rowling writing the stories herself every rendition of her characters will be tainted by the author's take on the characters. This story is the sequel to Black Phoenix. There are going to be some parts of the story that are from Harry's POV Summery: The summer has begun and Harry finds himself in Malfoy Manor, but what will happen when Lucius is ordered to introduce a certain book into the school. Will Harry get tangled up in another scheme? This is year two of Harry's school career starting with a summer at the Malfoy's! Warnings: Contains mention of abuse (child and adult), contains language unsuitable to all audiences, contains scenes of torture and descriptions of injuries. INTO THE SHADOWS Prince Manor - Location: Unknown Severus found himself pacing back and forth along the Persian rug that separated the space between his bookcases in the den of his 'other' home. Something he hadn't really paid much attention too since he'd mostly converted the manor house of his grandparents into a giant library of sorts. Sure he kept many books at his home on Spinners End and in his Quarters at Hogwarts, but nothing compared to the collection he kept here at Prince Manor. Behind nearly unbreachable wards. The only things he hadn't touched were the master bedroom, the dinning room and the kitchen. Everything else had been modified. Well maybe not the library itself. Severus gave a wry shake of his head. Why was he reminiscing about his immense book collection? Simple. He was trying not to think of the real reason he was pacing the floor of this particular manor on this particular day. "I will never cease to wonder if you do anything else with your time Severus besides read and brew," Minerva McGonagall's voice drifted over to his ears as he spun around to watch the witch dust her clothing and be quickly followed out of the floo by Filius Flitwick. Severus scowled at the stern looking witch. "Yes Minerva, I plan how to exact vengeance without detection of the Ministry," Severus said in a dry sarcastic tone that made Minerva stare almost open mouthed at him. "You wouldn't?" Minerva demanded. Her voice taking on a hard edge. "I would and we will be," Severus responded and carried on speaking as he took a threatening step towards her. His face growing colder as his eyes sparked with a dark anger and rage that terrified the two current occupants of the room. Severus continued, "correct me if I am mistaken Minerva, but Harry Potter is a student in your house," it was not a question, but Minerva nodded anyways. "I believe you are currently aware that he was removed from his so called relatives and placed with the Malfoy family correct?" Another nod followed these words. "Tell me did you never wonder why that was?" "Of course I did Severus. I was never fully informed of the reasons's beyond unspecified neglect," Minerva responded frowning in a 'what are you on about' manner, "tell me Severus what does this have to do with and I quote, 'planning how to exact vengeance'?" "Everything. How long have you known me for Minerva?" Severus asked instead. Making Filius regard him with a single raised brow. The normally jovial man looked rather glum and serious as he regarded the dangerous man before him. Minerva was frowning even more at this. "Since you were eleven Severus, what is the point of all this?" Minerva demanded though she did answer his question. Severus smirked, it was not a nice expression rather it was terrifying to behold. As he folded his arms across his chest and stood regarding Minerva, she could easily see the Death Eater in the man. "Tell me Minerva, did you ever notice the bruises, the marks, the scars that I had even at eleven?" Severus inquired. Minerva shook her head regret etched into her features. Filius didn't react. He'd known this is where Severus was headed the moment he'd spoken of vengeance. Severus was not a Death Eater, Filius knew that in his heart. The clever, intelligent, quiet, shy lad that Filius had known since he was eleven was not a murderer or torturer. He was far too bright for that. He'd made mistakes, hadn't we all, but he was never Death Eater material. Filius wondered frequently how anyone who knew him could think otherwise. Then again the man was a master of masks. Maybe it was the Goblin blood in him, but Filius could see the pain etched in those black eyes. The regret and the anger that pulsed demanding he act. "Severus no one noticed, and we are all..." Minerva began taking a gentle step forward intending to reach out to him. Severus stepped back and glowered cutting her off. "That is exactly my point Minerva, no one noticed. Just as for eleven years no one noticed the horrors that Harry Potter has been living with. There is more however, it isn't just Harry that is subjected to the horrors of abusive parents. The Dursley have their own son, he is a bully just as his father is. He doesn't have to be, it isn't too late to help him also," Severus growled out darkly. "Vengeance is only sweetened by victory." Severus quoted. "Severus we have absolutely no way to help the boy," Minerva said gently. "He is not a wizard." "That is where you are wrong Minerva," Severus said with a truly terrifying smile on his face. "Not all my friends are in low places Minerva. Just as not all of my acquaintances are in high places." "Severus?" Narcissa inquired. Stepping out of the floo, "will you kindly inform me of your plan now? Lucius has insured that no magic will be reported to the Ministry that is performed in Surrey. If anything is reported it will be intercepted. We will have six hours in which to operate undetected." "Excellent. I believe you are aware that a certain family reside at Number 4 Private Drive, Little Winging Surrey, are you not?" Severus inquired. "The Dursleys, Harry's so called relatives," Narcissa snarled the words. Spitting them out as though they were foul. "Precisely. We are going to be paying them a visit. I have unfinished business to attend to in regards to the Dursleys, but first we will be making a side stop in Knocturn Alley. I do believe you have met Wraith before Narcissa?" Severus inquired. "No absolutely not. I am not going anywhere near that man!" Narcissa growled out. "Whatever is needed from there you can just make yourself." "Yes and probably better then Wraith, however, unlike Wraith I am not a ghost to the Ministry Narcissa and we required a couple of untraceable potions. We will need to prepare the Dursleys for the upcoming visit they shall be receiving from a friend of mine in the Muggle world," Severus stated. Still dancing around the questions. "Severus I am growing out of patience for your games. Tell us what is going on and why we are all here or I am walking away, I will not be any part of this plan of yours. For one thing it hardly sounds legal and you do not need to end up back in Azkaban!" Minerva growled. "Very well, now that we are all here it might wise to introduce you to my friends waiting downstairs. Come along then," Severus indicated the door with a wave of his hand. "Oh and I would advice you alter your appearance as the two man downstairs are Muggles," Severus finished with a flick of his hand over his long black robes transfiguring them into black trousers and a button down black silk dress shirt. He opened the door and held it open for the others to leave. He took note that Minerva wore a pantsuit while Narcissa had on a summer dress made of the same white gossamer silk over a darker blue silk. Filius had just shed his outer robes since he wore a suit beneath his robes usually anyways. Satisfied he led the way downstairs. Standing in the downstairs den gazing at the library on the walls was two man. One tall and thin with short spiky red hair, black glasses and an angular face. He looked not much older then Severus. The man beside him was shorter then Severus, but taller then Minerva, with black hair neatly combed. He was slightly overweight, but not obese, he had a neatly trimmed beard that held a light dusting of grey making it look salt and peppery interspersed with the black. That salt and pepper look could barely be seen starting at his temples. Both man were smartly dressed and had calculating eyes. "I would like you to meet Richard Morris," Severus began indicating the larger of the two with black hair and the age of a much older man, "and his partner Mortimer Ghaul," Severus continued on, "Richard is aware of our world and Mortimer is a Squib, both man work for a devision of the Ministry of Magic within the Muggle Police Departments. Do not ask me how we met. Do not ask me what they do. Most certainly do not ask me how I know about them at all. As of now you have all been bound by the same spells of confidentiality that bind me. I apologize for not warning you beforehand, it was impossible to do so." "Richard, Mortimer, these are friends and colleagues of mine. Professor Minerva McGonagall, Professor Filius Flitwick, and Lady Narcissa Malfoy," Severus introduced. "Now that introductions are out of the way. Shall we retire to the dinning room for tea before we leave?" "This mean you're going to tell us what all this fuss is about Sev?" Richard stated in a soft almost boyish sounding voice. "In do course Richard, and how many times must I remind you it is Severus, not Sev," Severus growled out. "Kid I've known you since you were a wee thing, I've called you Sev since longer I can remember, you ain't no Severus to me kid. So you better not forget that," Richard sighed softly. Mortimer laughed. "You know that never gets old," Mortimer said to Narcissa, Minerva and Filius. The three fairly stunned people stared at the three man. Bewildered at the easy banter. "I can age you if you so desire Mortimer," Severus grumbled darkly. "Now now Sev, remember what I told you about playing nice with the other kids," Richard said in a patronizing way adults usually take to young unruly children. Severus gave him a dark murderous look, but didn't comment. "This is not a social call, sit down!" Severus ordered when they had entered the dinning room. A pot of tea and some biscuits were already set out with cups around one side of the dining table. Severus settled at his usual spot. The other's sat themselves on either side of the table. Narcissa