DISCLAIMER: I own Nothing. The character mentioned here in are and will always be belonging to J. k. Rowling. If you wish to read the true story of Harry Potter please read her most amazing books. Author's Notes: This was a random plot bunny idea. I don't know if I'll continue it. If there's any interest in it I could continue it. I don't know though. It was just some random musing, turned to a random snippet. Hope you enjoy. WARNINGS : Alternate Endding, Near Death Experiences, Not Canon Compliant beginning in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hollows. Post-war. Severus Snape Survives. Good Severus Snape. Love. References Child Abuse, Domestic Violence and Alcoholism. November 2nd, 1981 (00:34) Love Such a simple four letter word, with so vast a meaning. In all reality is it not truly a wonder we have yet to fully understand this simple word? Albus talks of love as if it is a force of magic. How wrong and how so very right he is. The great poets attempt to show the facets of this force, but they too only manage to catch a glimpse of this truly mystifying force. Love No more powerful a word exists. Not even hate comes close to the power of love. The love of a woman for her husband, being so great it can overcome the violence and abuse laid bare upon her flesh and soul. I can to this very day remember my mother's last words to me. 'Love, my dear son, is the greatest of natures wonders. Never forget how deep I loved. For you. For my husband. For my family. I will always be there for you my beloved son. Regardless of what life has thrown at us, do not allow love to turn to hate for it is in that moment that you will become as your father became. Remember instead that magic comes and goes. But love. Love never truly dies.' I often wondered why she would tell me this. Then a month later I get a letter that states she's passed on. A month after the funeral I receive the same notice, only it's my father and attached to this is a note he left for me. I shall always remember those brief words. They forever changed my life. And in a way, they broke me and drove me to become what I am now. Filled with regrets and sorrow and unable to leave the vicious cycle I have created of loneliness and deception. Where none can know who I really am. I was fourteen years old and on that day I learned the truth of how many faceted love really is. I have enclosed the words of that note for proprieties sake. For one day these words will be read and my story known. I just hope it will not have been too late for the world to know who I really am. 'You have every right to hate me my son, but I must beg your forgiveness none the less. I allowed my pain to turn to bitterness and my love to turn to hate. I took all that was good and cherished in my life and destroyed it. I realize that now. Only now it's too late for me. I simply wish it wasn't too late for you. I love you son. I always have, I just never knew how to show it.' If only it were so simple. Love Love never is. It is complicated and tangled and it forever changes a person. There are so many forms of love. It is the very thing that binds us. Allows us to forgive and to move through this world leaving an impression. A connection. The things we do for love have more power then all the magic in the world. Love That is what Albus says drives me to be the man I am now. Seeking forgiveness for the part I had to play in all that has taken place. In her death. I let him believe that I was 'in love' with her. Lily. I was not, contrary to popular belief 'in love' with my best friend. No I loved her as a sister. Our love was purely platonic. Anyone who'd really gotten to know us would have understood this fact. We were best friends. All the way to the end. She knew when we began our fourth year and I was able to tell her of all that had happened that summer that I had resided at Malfoy Manor, that we must be careful. Her being my friend so openly would only result in her death. Something I could not allow. I told her I would push her away in public and that I was sorry for having to make her hate me. She told me that day at the beginning of our third year 'I could never hate you.' And she meant it. Something truly devastatingly accurate, yet something I could hardly understand at that time in my life. I had after all only ever experienced the darkness of love, never the light of it's shining glory. I will not bother writing down the shadows of darkness that were my life in that time. I will simply state that we remained friends in secret. With each insult, the tender intended meanings were hidden. Each of us able to read the other perfectly. A glance, a simple touch, a secret smile. Those were our conversations. Even when we seemed to truly hate each other. For years we kept our true relationship hidden behind masks and cleverly concealed words. It was only when Lily became the target of the Dark Lord that I truly began to realize I could no longer hide what lay hidden in my heart. My love for her had never wavered and I could not stand by and let her die. When I had joined the Death Eaters I had done so to give them what they desperately need, a spy. I knew I was in the perfect position. Able to hide everything behind cleaver masks and snide sarcasm. Never truly revealing anything of import. Always hidden in the shadows. I was a master at deception from a young age. It is how I survived. When it became evident that Lily would be hurt I had to slip out of the shadows. For years Albus had received my warnings in carefully concealed code. Code he knew came from an inside source, but one he couldn't identify. One he couldn't track back to me. Until I stood before him and begged him to hide Lily, Potter and their son. I am not a perfect man and I still to this hate Potter, but Lily's son was innocent of it all. I would do anything to protect Lily and her child. I had already been risking much more then my life to insure as few children as possible were affected by the war. I certainly wouldn't stand by and let HIM destroy an innocent life. Not one so close to my own heart. For her child, to me, was akin to a treasured nephew. One I would do anything to protect. Albus believed I agreed to become his spy to protect Lily. Out of my love for her. Oh how little he knew that I had agreed to become a spy long before I was his. I had agreed when I first took the mark. I had seen Narcissa crying when she found out her husband was branded. Forced to become a Death Eater by his father. Narcissa. Another woman I love, but in a purely platonic way. Much as I love Lucius. They were my family, more then any I've ever had. I couldn't bare to watch Narcissa suffer in silence. I wanted her to be free. As she should have been. Sadly her family was much as Lucius's trapped in the dark. How strange that love is what drives us to do the most courageous thing, and at the same time drives us to loneliness and pain? It fascinates me to think about love and how much power there is in that simple emotion. Everyone thinks an infant destroyed the Dark Lord. How deluded they are. Love allowed me to fool the Dark Mark into believing I was truly loyal. It provided me with a protection none of the others have against the mark. I cannot be compelled or controlled. HE has no real power over me. I simply bear his mark as a brand that burns when he calls us. I feel no compulsion, no devotion, no will over-imposed upon my own. I know Lucius does. I've seen it. I've also seen him sick from what he's been forced to do by that very compulsion and devotion. It is slowly destroying the man he is. I hope I can see the true end of this war before Lucius looses what little remains of the man I used to know. I fear for the children born in these times. Draco, Harry, Theodore… and so many others. All children who will be dragged into this war. Affected by the powers playing around them. Affected by who they are born too. So much pain wrapped up around this war. So much loss. So much destruction. How can this be worth it? No it's not so simple. Nothing ever is. Lily's sacrifice is what protected Harry. It is that simple, and yet that complicated. Magic often is. Love even more so. Her love was powerful. Unconditional. Something truly rare. I could sense the remnants of it when I entered that house. Holding her form to me and weeping over the loss of such a rich life. Until I saw her son. Silent with tears running down his face. Looking at me with identical eyes to his mother. I touched him then. Gently lifting him into my arms until I cradled him to me. He clung to me and seemed to accept me. He was not frightened. He saw through the masks I am certain. How I wished I could have held him forever. Protected him. I vowed that day on my magic that I would protect him no matter the cost. I think I would have stayed there until the Ministry arrived if it hadn't been for Alastor Moody. Blasted Auror was always too hot headed for his own good. Harry was taken from me, I don't even know where he was taken too. I was carted off to Azkaban without even being informed of my crime. Love It is what saved me from Azkaban. I did not have my wand as it had been taken from me when I had been arrested. I was left alone in a cell with the Dementors and nothing for protection against their affects. Had I not been a Master Occlumens I would have gone mad. Using my skills in mind magic and somehow still being protected by the magic I have yet to fully understand. I was able to generate a shield around myself that dampened the effects of the Dementors much as a Patronus does. On November 1st, 1981 at exactly 3pm I was taken from my cell and brought to face trial in front of the Wizengamot. Albus sat at it's head and Veritaserum was administered and the interrogation begun. I could have fought it, and retained my secrets. I was not only a Potion Master of unrivalled skill, but I am also one of the most powerful Occlumens. Even Albus and the Dark Lord cannot penetrate my shields. I allowed the serum to affect me. Though they cannot know that, of that I am certain. They did after all give me a far stronger dose then would normally be needed. It was then that Albus truly learned who I was. Or in part. I did not reveal more then absolutely necessary. Suffice it to say that I was exonerated quickly.