Disclaimer: I do not own twilight or anything affiliated with it. All characters belong to Stephanie Meyer. I do own this storyline, please be original and don't copy. :) TY! Chapter One. I was born on a moonless night, many hours before my twin brother came into the world. The other women assumed I was the only one, until my mother doubled into herself in pain. I would have fallen to the ground, had Edward not caught me. His tiny hands had gently brushed my soft tuft of hair across my head, and it has been said I smiled right then and there at him. He was only 4 suns, but was very aware of everything around him, and had snuck into my parent's dwelling that night, as if he knew I would need him even then. I was lucky he had. Edward has told me the story of my birth many times, for I love to hear every detail he can remember about my mother. He says she was a stark contrast to my father; a vision of golden hair cascading down her back, like a goddess straight from the sun. Her blue eyes, like the sky, could ease anyone's mood into bliss. Everyone loved her; she was kind and good to a fault. My father had loved her above all else. My brother, who came with the morning sun, took her life, so that he could live. Golden hair and eyes, just as hers were...I hated him, I hate him. My father, Chief Bill, says I should not have such dark thoughts about my brother, Jasper, that it will only help the moon keep its dark hold on me. Sometimes I just can not help it. I blame Jasper for taking our mother away, the mother I will only know of in stories. Edward must have noticed me off in my own place, for a small pebble landed onto my foot. I looked up, a bit shocked, to see Edward trying to keep his laughter held in. At sixteen suns, he was already a sight to hold. Everyone looked up to him, and they were certain he would have no problem taking up his father's place in the tribe when the time came. Every step, every movement, was applied with the utmost ease and grace. He stood, letting the flecks of dust fall from his tanned frame which towered over mine. He was wearing his usual buffalo skinned leggings with his knife fastened into his belt clutch. Edward's copper bronze hair was kept trimmed just below his shoulders. His nose was perfectly straight above his strong jaw. He was perfection. Edward was easily the best warrior his age, even better than some who had suns of age over him. His father, Carlisle, was the Head Warrior of our tribe. He was tall, lean and had blond hair the color of sunflowers. He had been the Head Warrior since the age of eighteen suns, when his father was brutally slain in front of the whole village while trying to protect Carlisle's sister, Amalie. A tribe, with whom we have been enemies with since before the start of time, took her that day and we have never seen her since. Unfortunately, we have always been at their mercy, they have better warriors and more of them. Every fifteen to twenty suns they would select a new woman they wanted from our tribe and we were expected to hand her over. Aries, Carlisle's father, had not agreed. He did not wish for Amalie to go with them, and it was his undoing. Carlisle's mother, Caty, died not two moons later, many think it was the grief that took her. Two suns later at the age of twenty, Carlisle met and joined Esme, who was eighteen suns. She was almost as tall as Carlisle, with a figure to die for. She had red hair, that shown like fire, and it matched her personality perfectly. She always said what she thought and had many times fought right along side her mate and love in battle. She was a bit old to have not been joined yet, but she insisted to her parents that the gods would tell her when she met the one. Luckily for her, they believed her and let her wait. Carlisle and Esme"s first born was Edward and following him was Emmet. At fourteen suns, Emmet towered over Edward in height and bulk. No one -and I mean no one- ever messed with him which was quite funny to me. I knew Emmet well and although he was an excellent hunter, he lacked the skill and the precision that was required to be a great warrior. Half the time I would find Emmet with us women preparing the meals, or making tools. I will say that Emmet was without a doubt the best tool and weapon maker our village had. Unlike Edward's straight bronze hair, Emmet had dark waves that fell to the middle of his back. He was easily as handsome as Edward, but just in a different way, not my type. "Isabella, are you listening to a thing I've said?" Edward asked me. I turned my head from my musing, glancing up to those beautiful green eyes which bore into mine. I tilted my weight over to my foot and stood up with ease. "I'm sorry, what did you say?" I asked lightly whilst brushing blades of dead grass from my skirt. Edward laughed his carefree laugh that I only ever heard directed towards me and said, "If we are to get back before dark, we should get moving." A pout crossed my face and I whined, "Edward, I thought I was going to swim before we headed back." "Well my dearest, if you had not sat in the thicket, cooped up in your head all afternoon that might have been possible. But you know it's not safe out here once dark breaks," said Edward sensibly. I laughed, and took off into a run before Edward could stop me, jumping over the ledge into the cool pool below. Kicking my well toned legs I broke the water's surface taking a breath and looking up to where Edward stood stoically watching me. "Isabella, your father gave strict instructions for me to bring you back before the sun's light fades," Edward sighed disapprovingly. I swam to the edge, bringing my self out of the cool water. My long brown hair hung down to the bottom of my back, in wet ringlets. I took it between my hands and rung all the water out I could, and returned it to hang down my back. As for my damp skins, they would dry quickly. I wasn't one for dying my skins, so they were merely light tan. My top cut over both my shoulders and fell just below my mostly undeveloped chest. The bottom skin fastened up the side with some bone pieces and hung on my hips before falling to my knees My hips had no shape to them which left the skins loose against my body. It was summer and very hot out, I could not believe Edward didn't give in and swim as well. With age, he had been getting more and more mature, and I hated it. "Your brown eyes sparkle with so much mischief when you do such things, it is hard to stay mad at you," Edward said shaking his head smiling. He reached over, grabbing my small hand into his, before leading me out of the clearing and back into the forest towards our home. I woke to the feeling of a rough wet tongue licking my toes. I stretched out my limbs, and peered over at my tiny best friend. "Nickels, is there a reason you insist on waking me every morning?" I asked my furry puppy. His little tail was wagging with such vigor that his tiny body was twisting and turning with the motion. He was only three moons old, and I adored him beyond belief, even though I kept telling myself I should not. Jasper had given him to me as my twelfth sun celebratory gift. I wanted to hate that puppy as much as I hated Jasper, but really it wasn't his fault that Jasper had picked him out for me. Jasper, any minute now I knew, would be strolling on in to see how his favorite sister was doing this fine morning. I wish he would just stop with the act already, nobody is that perfect! Deep down he must loath me as much as I loath him. He can not actually like me, I am never nice to him, I do have every reason to be mean to him. I wish he would get the hint already and leave me alone. I do not wish to be associated with a murderer! "Good news Bell, I caught enough fish this morning to last all week!" exclaimed Jasper excitedly. "Jasper, how many times must I tell you, my name is Isabella, that is what my mother named me, so if you must speak to me, please address me correctly!" I practically screamed at him. Jasper looked down at his hands, a sad frown crossing his face and said, "I am sorry Isabella, I was just very excited, I had forgotten. I will try not to forget again." He looked up into my eyes, took a breath and said, "You know...she was...she was my mother too." Fire burned into my eyes and without thinking I snarled at him, "DON"T YOU EVER SAY THAT AGAIN! You murdered her by being born, I hate you, and I wish she was here instead of you! You are nothing to me, and you never will be," I rushed out in one breath. "ISABELLA, how many times have I told you to not speak to your brother like that?" my father rushed in exasperatedly. I looked over to my father standing in our doorway, and looked down at my toes. "Isabella, I see your brother brought in his catch, I expect you to get all of them cleaned and stored before the sun reaches the middle of the sky," he calmly stated. I glanced over at Jasper, who was again looking down at his hands. I then looked over to my father and said, "Of course." My father nodded his head at Jasper, then to me, and proceeded to leave and go on about his business. I grabbed the fish from the ground, and took them outside our lodge to the food preparation table. "Isabella, I fed Nickels for you, he seemed pretty hungry" ,Jasper said as he walked out of the lodge. From the corner of my eye I saw Jasper leave, but I didn't give him a second glance. I looked over my shoulder to see Emmet sprawled out on the ground witling some new tool into shape. He had his hair fasted back behind his head today, probably to keep it out of his face while he worked. Emmet looked up at me with his blue eyes sporting a silly smile on his boy-like features and said, "Isa, what has got you so sour today?" I gave Emmet one of my genuine smiles and said, "Nothing worth mentioning." He laughed and continued on his task. By mid day I had everything cleaned and stored. Upon hearing a loud commotion of raised voices, crying, and screaming, I looked up and ran to the edge of my village where the sounds were the most prominent. I had of course heard of battle victims but I had never seen the results first hand. Slowly making their way towards our village were about twenty assorted women and children. Some were being carried while some were hobbling along, most had cuts and bruises covering their bodies. I brought my hand over my mouth and gasped, my feet carried me forward of their own accord. A soft warm hand