percys POV I was in the car with my mom, Sally Jackson at the moment, the car ride was deadly silent. I had been sent home at lunch today because I had beaten up a bullies bullying a young boy. It wasn't my fault, im protective ever since I started fighting the bullies back, it's not fair that kids get bullied at school, it's just wrong, so I help them out. Well, I'm percy Jackson, age 17, gay and proud of it. I have been kicked out of 14 schools, well probably now 15 schools since I had beaten up the principals son for cornering a young kid and beating him, so I had returned the favor. Flash back I was just walking out of the school to my tree, that's where I eat, but then I heard little sobs and groans of pain, I started walking to where I heard the noises and saw Jack Nickelson beating up a kid probably 3-4 years younger then him. I got so angry, I took my bag off, my fists shut tight, I stomped over to Jack, he turned around just to be punched right in the nose with a sickening crush. He stumbled back, then looked up at me and glared. "YOU MOTHER FUCKER!" He staggered up and ran over to me, he went to punch my face, I ducked and punched him right under his rib cage. He let out a grunt of pain and tried to punch me in the gut, but I just side stepped and kneed him in his side. He cried out and fell on the ground, people were starting to surround us, eyes wide staring at the deadliest bully in the school getting beaten up. I walked over to the kid who was hiding, rolled up into a ball and quivering, he looked up and looked me in the eyes, well tried to, but one of his eyes were swollen, he had a cut lip and a cut right above his eye brow, he quietly said thank you. Soon the teachers came out then Mr. Nickelson (Principal) came out and yada yada YA, I got sent home early. FlashBack End "Percy, what happened today, they said you had beaten up Young Mr Nickelson?" My mother asked me, I turned, my sea green eyes staring straight at my mothers light brown eyes. I let out a sigh and told her about I saw him hitting and kicking a little kid, so i interfered. "Ok sweetie, but I can't keep sending you to schools, we are running out of options, I don't know if I will be able to find a school" she said, I just sighed and the rest of the car ride was silent, Break "Ok, yes, I'm sorry, hmm ok goodbye Mr Nickelson, im terribly sor- ok hang up then" I heard my mothers voice say, she walked in with a sigh and gave me an envelope which had my name on it, while I started opening it she started talking. "I was talking to the principal, your expelled-" "Mom" I interrupted staring at the envelope "What is it sweet heart?" She asked me "I got accepted in a school, actually, I didn't send an invitation for me to go? Well they must have sent it just in case or dad must have done it, it's Called Drag High, and it has its own dorms and stuff like that so I can stay there" I said, she was staring at me wide eyed, tears started forming in her eyes, she ran over to me and hugged me "You should go, I will miss you so much, just promise to me, you will try not be expelled? Please" she begged, I just nodded and walked off to my room, it said I go tomorrow and someone will show me around the school. Break "Bye mom, I'll miss you a lot, I love you, tell dad thanks for helping out, even if he doesn't love me tell him I love him, thank him for me" I said to my mom, she was just dropping me off, I was wearing a plain blue shirt with black tight jeans and a pair of green converses, I was holding a lot of bags. My dad had paid all the funding fees, well, I probably forgot to tell you about him well, where do I start. When I was a baby, my parents divorced because they didn't feel the same way any more, now my dads with another woman, her name is Amphitrite and I HATE HER, she is all mean to me for no specific Reason, and her son Triton LIKED ME! It creeped me out, because he is like my step-brother, it just creeps me out. My dad has black hair like me and Ocean eyes too, my mom said I got the puppy face like him, but some how, I also act like a kitten and have a kitten face too. My dad is pretty much a millionaire, he is really rich and owns a mansion! Back to me right now "Okay honey, I will and I love you, I can't believe your going" she said, while tears started streaming down her rosey cheeks "Mom, please don't cry, I can see you in spring break, I love you mom, bye" we said our last goodbyes and she was gone, i walked into the school, I had came here late because They said to. I walked up to the office and there was a lady with light brown curled hair, light tanned skin and blue eyes, she was wearing and long dark purple skirt with a light purple flower patterned shirt, and high heels. "Hello, my names percy, percy jackson, im new here" I said, she just nodded and did some typing on a desktop. She then handed me a piece of paper with some keys "Hello, my names Hera. This says your subjects, a map of where everything is, locker number, dorm room number and a letter you give to the teacher to know your new, and the keys are for your dorm room. Have a nice day Mr. Jackson, and I will get someone to show you around" she told me with a smile, I sat down on a seat and waited for who ever this person was. Soon enough, someone came, it was a girl with red fuzzy hair, green forest eyes and light skinned. She was wearing a deep green sleeveless shirt with grey jeans. She walked right up to me and looked me up and down, then smiled and put her hand out "Hello, my names Rachael" she said "Hello Rachael, mines Percy" I said while taking her hand and shaking it First we went to my dorm which I shared with 2 other boys but with separate Rooms and I packed my stuff away She showed me around the school till we got to my class, and it was 'Maths' she said goodbye and I opened the door, everyone turned around and was staring at me with curious expressions. I walked upto the teacher and gave Him the note, he read it and just nodded me away. 4 weeks later I was walking to a new class I got, I was sent up a class for maths, so here I was, at the front of the room again while watching the teacher read a note saying that I moved up a class and all. Girls were giving me goo-goo eyes, sorry ladies im not into your gender. I walked to an open seat which was in between a dude with black military cut hair, baby face but muscular body, he was wearing black jeans and a dark grey shirt saying 'Shadows'. On the other side of the seat was a blond with a small cut above his lip, Sky blue eyes and quite muscular, wearing the same thing as the baby face dude except the pants were lighter. I sat down in between them, they were a lot bigger than me but I could take them, trust me I have had bigger competition then these 2, I had a lean yet muscular body. The blonde just stared at me like deciding something, and the black haired one just looked me up and down. Then they looked each other in the eye, out of the corner of my eye, the blonde nodded and looked back at the teacher. I felt someone staring at the back of my head, I looked back and saw a boy with an eye patch staring right at me with a smirk, he was wearing a purple shirt with gold worlds on it saying 'Wild Ones', I quickly looked back forward. A lot of people were staring at me and people around those people pretty much had the same color clothing as others. There were a lot wearing black or gray clothes, a lot wearing Purple and gold, some wearing green which had words imprinted on it saying Tree Huggers, some blue which said Flowing In The Waves, and others were wearing any clothing. I have wondered for how long I have been here for why they wore those things, I mean, I know it's their gangs, groups, packs what ever they call it. But do they really have to go through the effort of getting the names on the shirt? We were going to do a Maths test tomorrow and we had no homework, I didn't learn anything because I already knew the stuff. When the bell rang, I ran out of the classroom and saw Rachael waiting for me, gosh she is fast. "Hey Rach, what do you have now? I have Gym with Coach Hedge?" I asked her, her face lit up "I have Gym too, c'mon, Lego" she said and started walking off. By the time we got to the gym, people were already changed. I walked into the boys changing room and took out my shirt and shorts. I took off my blue shirt and went to put on my gym shirt when I felt someone staring at me from behind. When I look around, it was the 2 boys that I sat with, the black haired one was tall like 6'5 and the blonde was 6'4, with them was a scrawny Latino alf looking dude, he had brown hair which was curled at the ends, chocolate tanned skin and brown eyes which you could see flames dancing in. He was quite short, about 5'8 And they were all staring at me, or was it something beside me, YEP something beside me, I didn't want to see what it was but the curious side got the best of me. I looked beside me and pretty much jumped a good 3 feet in the air, next to me was the dude with an eyepatch who was 5'10 with a few other dudes. Like another boy with dirty blonde hair, blue eyes, tall like 6'0, kind of thin looking but at the same time muscular, he looked like someone who threatens people a lot like a 'Bully' and I don't like bullies. Another was a boy with long dark dark purple hair, almost black, had purple eyes, about 6'3 good tanned skin and quite muscular, looked like a challenge but I still think I could beat him. Another was a bulky dark skinned dude with golden eyes, short black hair and was muscular, tall but not as tall as the purple haired one, probably 6'1. My they were staring at me as well, then I felt someone behind me, I turned and on my left was the 3 boys that were on the other side of the changing room. They were glaring at eachother and I felt like I was in the middle of a war, I was going to walk away till I heard someone scream "COME ON CUPCAKES, HURRY UP" coach hedge shouted, I