Hello, Welcome to a story that I have posted before but took it down because I wanted to revise it. So if you have read this before, I apologize for taking it down so suddenly. I hope you all enjoy! P.S. I always pick a quote, dialogue or song verse that sums up each chapter...I hope you enjoy them as much as I do. Chapter I - Well, let's say that since you were little, you always dreamed of getting a lion. And you wait, and you wait, and you wait, and you wait but the lion doesn't come. And along comes a giraffe. You can be alone, or you can be with the giraffe. -I'd wait for the lion. -That's why I worry about you. - From the movie Beginners Birmingham, England – 1904 On the first real warm day of summer, it seemed as if every family in the town had the same idea: take a trip to the park. The park was filled with the families that resided in the town known as Birmingham, young children running around, their laughter over-powering the conversations amongst adults. One child's laughter stood out the most, the frantic giggling of a toddler running from her father seemed to be the focus of two individuals that weren't apart of any family in the park. They watched the little girl from a distance as she maneuvered quite easily through the throng of people to escape the tickling grasp of her father, the large crowd was beginning to make her father lose track of his youngest. As if pulled by destiny, her little feet began to direct her towards the men. It was as if she too, was drawn to them as they were to her. She soon found herself coming to a sudden halt when she noticed that these men didn't move aside as the other adults did when they spotted her. She looked up at the men, captivated by their strange beauty just as every human was when they came across the mysterious men. Her wide, chocolate brown eyes stared up at them in wonder and curiosity. They stared back down at her with the same feelings. " Hello," she grinned widely, to deny the young girl's beauty would be preposterous to the men. They knew that she would grow into a very attractive woman one day. " Hello, young girl," one of them spoke to her. "What is your name?" " My name is Adeline, I'm three." She proudly displayed three of her tiny fingers. "What is your name?" " My name is Carlisle," the man said to her. "And this is my close companion, Jasper." " Hello, it is a pleasure to meet you." She giggled. "You talk funny." " What a bright little girl you are, my friend is actually from another place that is far from here." Even though it didn't seem possible, her eyes widened even further with excitement. "Can I go?! I want to see it!" Carlisle chuckled. "No, my dearest Adeline. You belong with your family." Young Adeline's excitement diminished. " But don't fret my darlin', when you get older you can come with us and we can take you wherever your heart desires," Jasper reassured the girl. Her hopes seemed to be restored. " You promise?!" " Yes, we both promise that when you are older and you still want to, you can come with us." " Adeline!" A man's voice called over the crowd. She looked back in response to hearing her father's voice. When she turned back to look at her new friends, they were gone. She looked around, but didn't see them anymore. Before she could move to look for them, she was scooped up into a pair of arms and fingers began to run sporadically over her ribcage. She laughed uncontrollably as her father tickled her relentlessly, joining his little girl in laughing. The two men were forgotten for the moment as her dad carried her back to the rest of their family, but the two men were still there watching little Adeline. " You were right Jasper, she smells exquisite," Carlisle observed the girl. "I've never smelled anything like it." " I am amazed that the child and her family have remained unharmed," Jasper admitted. "We can't be the only ones that have been attracted to her scent." " I concur, which is why I think we should keep a watchful eye on our dearest Adeline. I want to see what becomes of her, I don't want anyone abruptly ending the progression of her life." " Then shall we remain in England?" Jasper proposed. "We can forward a letter to Emmett, have him meet us here and see why we have decided to stop our travels." Carlisle seemed to ponder on the concept, all the while watching the girl interact with her family. " It's settled, we will live here until little Adeline is of age. We wouldn't want to break our promise, we do pride ourselves in being men of our word." Carlisle smiled, filled with anticipation. Both of the men couldn't wait for the years to go by, because eventually the girl known as Adeline Beaudreau would be theirs. Edward's POV – One month ago I didn't believe in love at first sight. I had many friends who believed that when they laid eyes on their spouse for the first time, they immediately knew that that person was the one for them. To a certain degree I may agree, I believe in an instant attraction combined with chemistry. But what I don't believe in is becoming completely smitten by a stranger. It just sounds absurd to me. I am a man of science, I believe in logic and facts. Well that was until this afternoon. There I was taking a lunch break with a fellow colleague, a neurosurgeon that worked in the hospital with me. Today we decided to get some fresh air, we both agreed on getting some food from the restaurant only a few blocks from where we worked. Since it was such a wonderful summer day, we also agreed to feast outside. And I must admit that these decisions were probably the greatest I've ever made. It wasn't the decision to attend college, to become a doctor, to move to Los Angeles. Although these choices led me to where I am now, it was the conclusion of preferring Mediterranean cuisine over Japanese that resulted in rendering my notions of instantaneous adoration and affection false. When I laid eyes on her, I had to realize that I wasn't dreaming, that she wasn't my conscious forming what it thought I would believe to be the perfect woman. No, she was very real and she was very perfect. And as she seemed to glide closer and closer to where I was positioned, the world around us seemed to fade, soon becoming nothing more than an incessant droning noise in the background. I wanted to absorb all of her in that one moment, but I had no clue as to where to begin. I could begin with the hourglass figure that was being displayed very fittingly under a pristine white dress, her long and toned legs carrying her gracefully down the street. But then there was her face, the heart shaped face, the cheekbones, the full lips, all of it haloed by deep mahogany hair that was full of life as it bounced with each step. I wanted to commit all of these things to memory, to never forget how I felt when I saw her. But the idea of forgetting her became impossible when a pair of crimson colored eyes found mine. The iris color was something I have never witnessed before, but it only added to the intense burning desire for her. The color seemed to glow against her seemingly translucent skin tone. This was it. As I watched her watch me, I knew that I was screwed. I knew that once I told my friends, they'd mock me for once being a non-believer of the concept of love being immaculate. But I didn't care, as long as I could have her, I didn't care what anyone said. As long as one day she would be mine. "Hey?!" Jacob's voice called out from the abyss. My surroundings came rushing back, reality slapping me awake. I looked across from me to inquire about Jacob's outburst. "What the hell? Are you okay?" "I'm fine, why?" I asked. "You spaced out, the only time I've seen someone's eyes gloss over like that is when someone is about to have a seizure." "I'm not having a seizure," I mumbled putting my eyes back on the glorious woman as she was passing our table. As she walked by me, her gaze fell back on me, her lips curling into a devilish smile. That was my sign, I needed to act and I needed to act now. I jumped from the table, stumbling to move past my chair and the waiter who had finally come to give us our food. "Edward! Where the hell are you going?!" Jacob was confused and to be honest, so was I. "I'll be back," I rushed out of the gated area where the food patrons of the restaurant dined. I'd explain to my friend later. There was the usual crowd of people that walked the streets of L.A., so for a moment I lost her, but the white dress and long flowing hair put me back on track. I pushed eagerly through the crowd to get to my intended target, ignoring the offended grunts and complaints that came with my determination. "Excuse me!" I called out when I was close enough, but she gave no reaction. I jogged to her side. "Hello," I said to her, unsure of what else to say. Her head remained straightforward and her stride didn't miss a beat in her high heels. "Hello to you too," her voice held a low tone, sultry and confident. "My name is Edward, Edward Masen." "Pleasure to meet you Edward Masen," I heard an accent, it seemed faded, but still there. "I saw you walk past and I couldn't let you go without introducing myself and of course finding out your name," I continued, she was making this hard. She finally looked my way, her smile still there. "My name is Isabella Swan." It seemed to perfect to be true, but I couldn't think of a more fitting name. "Isabella Swan, it's a beautiful name." "Thank you, everyone calls me Bella." Her head turned back to look in front of her. "Bella," I repeated. "Yes, was there something else I could help you with? You seemed to have left your dining companion alone." "He'll understand." "That you abandoned him in pursuit of a complete stranger?" she postulated. "Sounds like a good friend. A good friend that doesn't deserve to be stood up." "He'll understand because there will be many times that I can make it up to him, but this was an opportunity that I couldn't miss out on." "What opportunity is that?" "To ask you out. On a date." She finally stopped walking, the crowd moving around us. "A date?" she reiterated. "Yes, a date." My nerves were in shambles, unsure of how this was going to end. She looked me over, her smile still present. "I don't date, Edward Masen." Although knowingly over dramatic, I felt as if all hope from life and my existence had been removed by one mere sentence. "But, I do enjoy hanging out with friends. You seem kind and interesting, I would like to have a cup of coffee with you. But you have to promise one thing." Meaning of life has returned. "What is it?" I'd do anything. "You have to promise you won't abruptly leave in the middle of our meeting." "I swear I would never do such a rude act," I held a hand to