Scars & Freckles A/N: Right, so this is my first Fremione/ Harry Potter fiction, but I figure you can never have too many Fremione fics (there aren't nearly enough, in fact). As always, I do not own any of J.K's original characters or inventions, nor do I own the cover art for this story- that belongs to the ever amazing artist Burdge. Also, this kind of goes without saying, but Fred's alive here (and everywhere else, I don't know what you psychos are talking about he was just stunned at the end of Deathly Hallows). Anyways, let me know what you think and I hope you enjoy! - Em Prologue There had been something between Fred and Hermione for years, something beyond friendship, an ongoing flirtation that neither of them was willing to acknowledge, but was definitely there. Over the years, they had grown close. There were times when Hermione had felt closer to Fred and George than she had to Ron- especially when they were in one of their fights. Things came to a head the summer after Hermione's sixth year though, when she turned up at the Burrow only one day after getting off the Hogwarts Express. She had waved it off as nothing, apologizing to Molly for the intrusion, but begging for somewhere to stay. The older woman had been more than happy to oblige, assuring Hermione that she was always welcome. "But what about you're parents?" she'd asked. "They've barely seen you." "They understood," Hermione shrugged. "I just think that, things being as they are, I'd be better off staying here. You never know what you're missing in the Muggle world." There were very few people that might have noticed how upset she had been at the mention of her parents, but Fred had. He had always been able to tell what she was thinking, even before they had become good friends. He could tell by the twitch of her mouth that she was about to give him a long lecture about his pranks, or by the slightest raise of her eyebrow that she had found something funny, despite being against the rules. When it came to Hermione, he seemed to have a sixth sense- which was why he followed her outside later that afternoon when she went for some air. When he caught up to her she was hiding behind the shed, sitting in the dirt with her face buried in her hands, her entire body shaking with sobs. "Hermione," Fred crouched down and put a hand on her shoulder. "Hermione, what's happened?" "Nothing," she shook her head. "Nothing, I'm just being silly." "I bet you're not. How about you tell me, I'm an expert on silly you know." Usually this would have put a smile on her face, but now she only sobbed harder. "Hermione," he sat and put an arm around her. "Whatever it is, I'm sure we can figure it out." "I already have," she sobbed. "That's the problem." "I'm sorry, you're going to have to explain a little more," he rubbed her shoulder encouragingly. "Come on, tell old Freddy all your worries." "I can't," she shook her head. "I can't." She sounded broken, as though someone had ripped her heart out and stomped on it, and hearing her sound so broken made Fred feel like he was breaking too. An intense need to protect her rose in his chest, mingled with sadness and hostility towards whoever had done this to her. "Was it Ron?" he asked, trying not to sound too angry. "No," she shook her head. "No, it has nothing to do with him." "Good, I'd kill the little prick." Finally, the smallest hint of a laugh- though it was still mixed with sobs. "Alright, so it's not my git little brother. Is it one of the other gits living here at the moment? Did Phlegm say something?" "That's an awful thing to call a person," Hermione scolded halfheartedly. "Ah, there you are," Fred smiled down at her. "Knew my little Herms was in there somewhere. So it's not anyone here. Shall we continue playing 20 Questions?" Hermione finally looked up at him, her eyes red from crying, her lip between her teeth- a classic sign of nerves that Fred was quick to notice. "Whatever it is, you can tell me." "It's my parents," she said, her voice barely more than a whisper. "I... I couldn't tell them." "About the war?" "About anything," she shook her head. "They don't know anything that's been going on the last few years and... and now they never will." She sobbed again and turned into Fred, allowing him to hold her while she cried into his chest. "What do you mean they never will?" he asked, rubbing her back. "Hermione, what's happened?" "I erased their memories." "What?" "Well, not erased exactly," she tried to explain. "I modified them. They think that their names are Wendell and Monica, and that they live in Australia." "So you sent them away," he concluded. "To keep them safe." "I- I had to keep them safe," she nodded. "I couldn't let Him find them, or tell them what I was doing. He would torture them. So... so I had to make sure they would never know." "Hermione," it finally dawned on Fred what she was saying. "Hermione, do your parents know who you are?" "No," she choked out. "They don't know they have a daughter, or that she's a witch. As far as they know, they're just regular people living out their dreams of moving to Australia. They've never had or wanted kids. That way, if I don't make it-" "-Hey," he interrupted. "You can't think like that. You're going to get through this. We all are." "You don't know that," Hermione shook her head. "You don't! This is a war, Fred! So many people died last time, and He's so much more powerful now. We've lost so many already." "We're going to make it," he repeated. "I don't care what happened last time. We're going to live through this, and we're going to make You-Know-Who wish he never came back. And when all this is over, you'll be able to go find them again." "I wish I believed that," she sniffed. "But I need to be logical about this, and logic says everyone isn't going to live through this." "Damn logic," Fred shook his head. "Fred-" "Hermione, listen to me. I know that logic is where you feel safe, it's how your mind works, but right now we need more than logic. We need hope. That's the only thing that's going to get us through what's coming. But if you can't hope, then I'll be hopeful enough for the both of us." She looked up again, studying his face closely- the same look she had when studying something that she hadn't quite grasped yet. "Okay," she finally nodded. "You have hope?" "I'm willing to take some of yours," she smiled through her tears. "Well at least that's something," he wrapped his arm tighter around her shoulder and kissed the top of her head. "You're going to get them back, love." They stayed behind the shed until George came looking for them at dinner, Hermione's head resting on Fred's shoulder while she cried, trying to come to terms with what she had done. - - PAGE BREAK - - Since her tearful confession, Hermione couldn't seem to go more than an hour or two without seeing Fred. In the mornings, despite the fact that they no longer lived there, she would find him and George sitting at the table having breakfast. He would pop in while she sorted through her things during the day, getting ready to leave when Harry joined them, just to chat. At dinner, he always sat beside her and they were always the last ones up at night, talking until the wee hours of the morning about everything from Hogwarts to his latest ideas for the shop, which Hermione was more than happy to help him improve on. "You know," Fred commented one night while she doodled on a piece of parchment. "I never thought you would want to help with this." "With what?" "The shop," he waved to the parchment covered table in front of them. "Pranks, jokes, you always yelled at us." "Because you took advantage of poor, naive first years and got in the way of your own educations," she looked up at him. "I quite like some of your work, though. And I can't deny that it's extraordinary magic." "And the truth comes out!" Fred grinned. "You liked our pranks!" "I appreciated the skill behind them," Hermione corrected. "I did not, however, appreciate that they were aimed at Ronald on a regular basis." "He usually had it coming." "He didn't," she scolded. "You were just being mean." "That's what brothers do," he shrugged. "It's not our fault he can't take a joke." "I'm not saying it is, I'm just saying that it was unkind of you to victimize him. And it was even worse when you tricked the poor first years into things." "Now, Hermione, don't go giving me the Prefect lecture now," he tsked. "You've admitted that you think I'm a genius, you can't take it back now." "I did no such thing!" "Shall I find a pensieve and refresh your memory?" "Frederic Gideon Weasley, you are twisting my words!" Hermione scolded, though the smile on her face betrayed her. "Come on, just admit it," he poked her in the ribs. "You think I'm a genius. The brilliant Hermione Granger has admitted that there may be someone whose intellect is on the same plane as hers!" "I certainly didn't say that!" she scoffed. "Who's helping who, here?" "Well I think that's a matter of opinion." "I think you're a cocky git." They glared at each other for a second, waiting for the other to back down, then Fred leaned in and kissed her. When the surprise wore off, Hermione didn't pull away. Instead she moved closer, her arms wrapping around his neck as his hand tangled in her hair. When they separated a few minutes later, Fred had an embarrassed look on his face and Hermione was chewing her lip nervously. "Well," Fred broke the silence. "I guess that settles things." "Excuse me?" Hermione frowned. "What exactly did that settle?" "The great Hermione Granger wouldn't stoop to snogging those below her station." "You're a prat," she laughed. "A prat you'd be willing to snog again?" he asked hopefully. Hermione studied his face, something he'd noticed her doing a lot over the last couple weeks, her eyebrows knit together in concentration, her bottom lip between her teeth. He was about to lose hope, to give her a sheepish smile and apologize, but then she smiled. "Yeah." - - PAGE BREAK - - Their relationship went from zero to sixty in no time flat. The world was collapsing around them and they had found something to cling to- each other. In the time that Hermione wasn't preparing to leave with Ron and Harry, she was with Fred. The logical part of her mind kept screaming at her to let him go, to break things off before she was in too deep- before they both got hurt. But despite all that logic, she stayed, because in all the pain and fear and uncertainty, Fred was solid and wonderful and safe. The thought of losing that, of having to go through that pain, was just too much to bear. - - PAGE BREAK - - "So everyone understands the plan?" Moody asked. They were gathered in the Weasley family living room, going over the plan to get Harry. They had been over it what felt like a thousand times, Hermione could have recited it backwards, forwards, upside down or in Gobbledegook if asked, but she still had an uneasy feeling in the pit of her stomach. "It'll be fine," Fred whispered. "We leave in