Gaea was beat. She could feel her form fall away under the relentless assault of that accursed spawn of Hephaestus. In her last moments, she could only wonder where she had gone wrong. She knew, though it was the forge brat who would kill her, her true defeat fell on the hands of one Perseus Jackson, son of the Sea God. She was slipping back, never to wake again. In her very last moments of lucidity, the eternal dream beginning but not quite started, she saw her son. Oh, how had he failed again? If only he had at least killed Jackson back when the boy was weak, she would rule this world now! "You…" she could barely whisper, the dream tugging at her with such incredible force. "Are dead." She finished, her eyes slowly falling, succumbing to sleep. He reached for her then, and as dust formed fingers brushed against her cheek, he showed her a plan. Strange images rushed into her mind, broken, but forming quickly. A clock with 5 hands, moving the wrong way. Three old woman, pulling a thread that split in two. A bolt of lightning striking a sea of blood. She smiled then, understanding. "But I am bested," she said, afraid of the darkness coiling around her. Another few thousand years of rest. "There is nothing I can do, how are we to accomplish this?" ' WE' ARE NOT The thought slammed into her mind, the impact of a thousand hammers breaking into the core of her being. She felt the Valdez boy, his fire burning her up, but she wasn't there. She was fading, breaking apart into something else. Kronus stood before her, his form shifting and moving, as if the dust that now made his being was having trouble deciding how to reform. She felt her power, though distant from its source, drain away from her. The very essence of her godly being was being absorbed. The very last thing she felt was her immortality. It was ever present, as she had never been born. Gaea always WAS, unlike the Olympians, unlike the Titans, unlike even the Sky himself. She was there, at the start of time. Her immortality was not something that could be taken, or given, it just was. Yet there it went. She felt her form disconnect from the Core, and her powers cease. She was mortal. Fire swallowed her, then, and a scream that shattered the Earth. Percy swung Riptide in an arc over his head, slicing a gryphon through the left wing. The thing let out a terrible screech, before folding its one remaining wing in and crashing to the ground. Percy had no time to worry about that, as a small band of Telekhines were attempting to surround him. He quickly leapt into action, literally, as he jumped over the head of the one directly in front of him. In a sheathing motion, he thrust Riptide behind him, killing one of the dog faced beasts, before picking off the rest. Gotta fight fast, this is important. Gah! Stupid gryphon! Don't you know how to die? He got right in its guard, slipping past the left swipe, and sliced into its sternum. It exploded . Agh! And now I've got something in my eye! This has got to be the lamest end of the world fight I've ever been in, and I don't even get to fight the final boss! Not that I'm seriously complaining about not having to one v one Gaea or anything… His thoughts were cut short by the sound of a great fiery explosion overhead. He looked up, only to see flaming debris falling in all directions. He quickly ran toward a group of campers who were trying to fight off a few evil centaurs, and screamed, "LOOK OUT! THE SKY IS FALLING!" All of them immediately withdrew, watching the sky for the best ways to position themselves and avoid the certain death that rained down upon them. The Centaurs weren't so smart. "Percy!" A voice, Jason he though, called somewhere to his left, "It's done! We kicked Gaea's butt!" Cheers went up all around, in both camps. The monsters had already started fleeing, but now they ran away full force. The news was passed all the way down the Legion, and shouted back once, very loudly, into Camp Half-Blood. Fleeing monsters were shot down in celebration, and various couples could be seen holding onto each other for dear life. Percy went searching for Annabeth, hardly able to contain his excitement at the last battle being won. This was really it, no more stupid prophecy, no more stupid wars. With luck, nobody would come spouting some nonsense about the THIRD war of the Olympians that happened right after the Giant War, because he seriously needed some chill time. "Hey, Seaweed Brain." He turned, a smile already lighting up his face. "Wise Girl." He took a step in her direction. "Kelp Head." She put her arm around his waist, her hand finding the back of his head. "Annabeth… Seriously beautiful… Wonderful… Annabeth" He spoke softly, as if afraid each word might send her away. She smiled so wide, the fire and blood around him meant nothing. The wound in his side meant nothing. Nothing meant anything, outside of that smile. "I love you." She said. He would never tire of hearing that. "I love you to-". He was cut short by a terrible pain enveloping his entire body. It was like swimming in the Styx all over again, but with no lifeline. Annabeth started screaming, and the sound of it banished all thought from his body. SHE'S IN TROUBLE! I HAVE TO DO SOMETHING! His muscles screamed, ached, and fought as best they could, but whatever had him, had him good. NOW YOU WILL ALL DIE. I AM BEYOND THE PUNY POWER OF MORTALS, BEYOND THE POWER OF GODS, TITANS, AND EVEN THE PIT HIMSELF. I WILL START WITH YOUR PATHETIC HERO HERE, THEN I WILL- AGH! Thalia had apparently chosen then to toss a bolt of lightning into the mouth of the giant, angry, dust bunny. "Seriously? Right now? Can't you see we're trying to celebrate here?" she said, as she prepared another bolt, "What makes you think you're any different than the others? Why do you all keep coming, we're just going to keep kicking your ass!" With the last word, she tossed her bolt as hard as she could. It stopped. No, not stopped, slowed. Thalias eyes went wide with recognition. "You…" her face contorted into rage as she starting shooting off bolts left and right, at incredible speeds. Not a single one moving past her first. "This is all YOUR fault, you worthless, obsessed, stupid, piece of shit! If you hadn't corrupted him, he would still be here! He was a good man until you came along!" she had tears streaming down her face, now. Her rage was being consumed by grief. LITTLE BITCH! I WILL REJOICE AT THE THOUGHT OF KILLING YOU- TWICE. Thalias face adopted a look of confusion for a moment, before all of her lightning started breaking down into little bits and pieces, just like the Titan in front of her. The dust her lightning had become was now churning with the mass of golden dust that was Kronus. Then he started to disappear, and Percy with him. "No! Percy!" Thalia screamed and launched one last bolt at Kronus as he was vanishing. Suddenly the hair all over her stood up, and the lightning that was vanishing with the Titan shot back at her, and then some. She felt her whole body shift, like she was stepping sideways through a wall made of glass, and it had shattered around her, coating her skin in fresh cuts on every inch. Not a single bit of her felt okay, she wanted to scream but didn't seem to have a voice. Or lips. She was starting to notice the things she was missing, now. Eyes. Hair. Lungs. A heartbeat. The only things she could feel now were pain, and fear. But they weren't her feelings. "Shhhh, it's okay, it's okay." She found herself saying, though through lips she distinctly remembered not having. There was a little girl. There was only a little girl. She was crying. Thalia put her hand on the girls head, "You wanna ditch this dump, kid?" she asked, smiling. The girl looked up, and electric blue met electric blue. The little girl clung to her, and then they both disappeared. Percy felt like he was on fire. Normally, that'd be a good thing, but in this literal case, it was horrible. There had been a moment before, when he knew what was going on. He KNEW that, just second ago, the universe made sense. He had been on a beach. There was a happy thought, the beach. He loved the beach. What was a beach? His head felt like it was splitting in half, and then being sewn back together. Life had stopped, started, stopped, over and over again. The glass door left scrapes against his- well, everything. The body was burned in fire, reborn in fire, but the scrapes never healed. They seethed into his flesh, even when he had none. How had this come to be? Seconds, JUST SECONDS AGO, he knew there was something else. He couldn't find it. Inside, there was nothing. "Who are you?" Said a voice. A voice? I know what that is. I had one of those. "I'm Percy Jackson, Son of Poseidon, Hero of Olympus. Where am I? What is this place?" "Beats me, but I know one thing for sure. You're not Percy Jackson." Said the voice. "You know that for sure, huh? Funny, cause that's just about the ONLY thing I know for sure." "That's impossible, though. I'm Percy Jackson." Then the voice took a form. It had sea green eyes, messy black hair, and was wearing a ripped up, blue-green shirt. In its hand was Riptide, glowing softly despite the blinding light of- whatever the Hades this place was. He looked just like him, on the night he first came to camp. The night it all really started. "That's crazy. I think. I'll be honest, I'm not at one hundred percent right now. I don't even know what one hundred percent is for me, anymore." Percy- the older Percy- said, while looking around, trying to think of a way out. As soon as he thought of how to leave, he knew how. He walked to little Percy, who eyed him warily and lifted his sword. "Listen, dude, I'll use this on you if I have to! Stay back!" Little Percy thrust his sword a little for emphasis, but Percy ignored him. His memories were returning, now. This still didn't make any sense, but now he knew where to start. "Don't worry, she's not dead. We're going to save her. She's going to get remarried, and live a happy life." Percy spoke softly, soothing the little him into lowering his sword. The supposed death of his mother would be a fresh wound for him, and Percy knew exactly what he wanted to hear. Closing the gap fully, Percy took little Percy into his arms, whispered that it was all going to be okay, and they both vanished. Thalia knew something was seriously wrong the second she returned to the world. For one thing, she was outside Camp Half-blood, but at the foot of her tree, not down the beach by the army that wasn't there. For another, Percy was facing down the Minotaur. Except it wasn't exactly Percy. It looked like a little Percy, not ferocious or battle hardened at all. Also, he was standing still, his eyes glazed and vacant. The monster was starting to charge. "Hey, ugly!" His ear twitched, but he was otherwise unimpressed with my arsenal of insults. "Hey I'm talking to you, you fat, stupid, COW!" That seemed to get