January 8, 2015 I guess I should start this journal with the day everything went wrong. It was a rainy day in April 2011, and I was reluctantly shuffling home from school. Helen and I had argued that morning, so I wasn't eager to get back to that. I missed my grandma, the woman who had taken care of me for the past eight years. Some kids ran past me, probably third graders, splashing in puddles and shoving me off the sidewalk into an alley between buildings. I regained my balance and stepped out onto the sidewalk just in time to be pushed down by a second group running after the first. My head swam for a moment before I got up, angry. "Watch where you're going!" The group stopped and turned around. I took a closer look. Eighth graders, four of them. They were angry. "Oh really, sixth grader?" the biggest one shouted. "You need to stay out of my way." I was too stunned and angry to move. I knew the smart thing to do would be to leave the situation, but I've never been good at that kind of thing. "Why don't you make me?" I dared. As soon as I opened my mouth I regretted it. "Yeah, why don't we," asked a weasly little guy standing behind the big one. "You can't let someone talk to you like that." It was just like those stupid kids' cartoons. The big guy nodded his head and his goons surrounded me. They pushed me back into the alley and against a wall. All I could do was look at the ground and regret opening my mouth and hope the situation would be over soon. Their shadows loomed over me. "Shoulda kept your mouth shut little sixth," the big guy threatened. He stepped forward with his fists clenched. He pushed my head to the side, causing me to stumble, but not doing any damage. I fell onto my knees and covered my head. A sharp kick took away my breath. I silently prayed to be anywhere else in the world. I braced myself for more kicks that didn't come. I looked up to see why. Instead of seeing the large, ugly sneakers of the group I saw a pair of unfamiliar shoes. My vision was fuzzy and I couldn't see much. I looked up into the faces of a black woman with golden eyes and a moody teenage boy who couldn't have been much older than myself. Darkness crept at the edge of my vision. "This sucks." I woke up, laying in some grass. The sun blinded me and I closed my eyes again, rolling over and sitting up. "Oh, thank the gods you're okay!" "What?" I looked around to see who had spoken. It was the girl I saw before passing out. She looked at me with worried golden eyes. I groaned. "How long was I out?" "Only a couple minutes. How are you feeling?" I looked around. We were under some trees next to a park. Not an alley. I groaned again, burying my head in my hands. "What's your name?" She asked. "I'm Hazel. This is my brother Nico." "Hazel," Nico snapped, looking over his shoulder. "We don't have time to chat. We've waited long enough." He studied me for a second. "I think she shadow-travelled here with us." "What?!" Hazel's golden eyes widened. "That doesn't make any sense!" "I guess you need more practice shadow travelling so you don't pick up stowaways. Anyway, we need to leave. They'll be here any minute. Hazel pulled Nico aside and started whispering, but I could still hear her. "What are we supposed to do? We can't just leave her here. We need to take her home." Nico sighed in exasperation but didn't disagree. They turned back toward me and at least Hazel tried to smile. "I'm sorry sweetie, but you must be lost. We'll help you get home. You just need to let us know your name and maybe tell us a phone number we can reach your parents with? Nico, do you have a quarter for a public phone?" Nico checked his pockets. "No, just a drachma. What did you expect?" "Nevermind," Hazel said leaning down. "I've got one here." She picked up a quarter I hadn't noticed before. "My name is Claire. I'll give you my aunt's number when we get to a phone," I sighed. Nico stepped out of the trees and started leading the way at a brisk pace. "We need to hurry or they'll catch up soon. A public park ought to have a phone…" he huffed. It didn't take long for us to find a phone next to the park sign indicating we were in Salem, Oregon. Salem?! How did I get from Portland to Salem? Helen would not be happy with me. It was only twenty minutes after school, but it seemed as if an eternity had passed. And I was usually a little slow getting home whenever Helen and I weren't getting along, so I hoped she wouldn't be too mad yet. Hazel gave me the quarter and a quick goodbye. "I'm so sorry. We have to leave now. I wish I could stay and make sure you got home safely, but... you'll be safer if we just leave now." As she spoke I could feel a knot growing in my stomach. Hazel studied me for a moment then added, "I hope we meet again. If you need me use this. Just add water." She handed me a funny looking, little gold coin. Like I was supposed to know what to do with that. "Thanks?" I said. Hazel smiled and she and Nico ran off through the trees. I placed the quarter in the telephone and tried to remember my aunt's new cell phone number. I really should have written it down somewhere. I finally remembered her number and dialed it, but before Helen had the chance to answer a terrible howling filled the air. In the patch of trees where I'd met Hazel and Nico were several enormous dogs. They were the size of bears, with shaggy black fur and red eyes. They were sniffing anxiously and snarling at one another. Panic overtook me and I ran to hide behind a car in the parking lot. I didn't run for fear they would notice me, but I inched along the row of cars, keeping my focus on the pack. I counted five. The dogs snapped at one another as they tracked something across the park to the phone booth I'd just been at where the phone was hanging limply from its cord and I could faintly hear my aunt's confused voice through the speaker. They yapped and growled excitedly and started off on the path Hazel and Nico had taken. All except one. It ignored its departing comrades and started to sniff out another scent. Slowly, but surely it was heading for the parking lot. My heart froze in terror. Whatever nightmare this was, I didn't want to wait and see what the dog would do when it found me. I stood upright, ready to run. A glint caught my eye. It was the gold coin from earlier. It had fallen out of my pocket at some point and I picked it up. 'Just add water.' A drinking fountain stood nearby. I quickly shuffled along the parking lot and around the bathroom buildings to the dirty fountain. I pushed the rusted button and threw the coin in. "Please let this work," I whispered. The dog was getting closer. It shoved its way through a row of cars, pausing to sniff occasionally. "Hazel! Hazel please. Can you hear me?" I asked desperately. I really wasn't sure how this was supposed to work, but if I had somehow gone from Portland to Salem in a second and a giant dog was hunting for me, it was probably my best chance. The water fountain gave no response. I looked around the corner of the bathroom, but I couldn't see the dog anymore. Perhaps I had imagined the whole thing. Suddenly the ground was left behind as my feet went soaring into the air. A scream choked its way out of my throat. I turned to look over my shoulder and wished I hadn't. The dog's glowing red eyes sent a chill down my spine and its foul breath made me think I wouldn't be its first human meal. I tried to wiggle free, to no avail. The dog started thundering off to join the pack. Its jerking head motions made me feel sick. Suddenly I felt myself lower closer to the ground with a jerk. I looked back with quite a bit of effort and found the dog had mostly caught my backpack and a bit of my sweater. I slipped my arms out of the straps and unzipped my jacket. Then I let go. I fell to the ground, stumbling as I tried to catch my breath and run. The dog slid to a stop and changed direction to fetch me again. My only hope would have to be a tree. I scrambled up the nearest one and kept climbing until the branches got too weak to support me. I almost didn't dare to look down until I heard scratching noises. Worried the dog was following me I quickly glanced down. It was barking ferociously and scratching at the bark, but it couldn't reach me. It sat back on its haunches and started to howl. Other howls joined in and soon the rest of the pack was there. The dogs began to circle the tree and push harshly against the trunk, shaking the branches. I clung onto whatever I could find and tried to brace myself so I wouldn't fall into the vicious, snarling fangs that waited below. I tried to climb higher in the tree, but the shaking was too much, and I could feel my sweaty palms starting to slip. Just then a sharp whistle stole the dogs' attention. I looked down and there was Nico with a black sword, slowly backing away from the tree. The dogs snapped and snarled at each other before finally chasing after him. Nico led them off at an incredible speed, crashing into the cover of a line of trees, and forcing the dogs to follow at a disadvantage. I couldn't think. I couldn't believe they were gone. At any moment they'd reappear and snatch me out of the tree with one powerful snap of their jaws. "Claire," whispered a voice. "Claire! I got your message." I looked down to see Hazel underneath the tree. "Come down." "No," I protested in a shaky voice. "They'll come back and eat me." "The hellhounds will only eat you if you don't get away," she urged. I thought about the dogs coming back to shake me out of the tree again, and quickly scrambled down the trunk. Hazel grabbed my arm and pulled me down the sidewalk and off to the clearing where everything had started. "We're going to leave now. You might feel funny and it probably won't make sense. Just hold on tight and you'll be fine," Hazel said soothingly. "What about Nico?" I asked. "He's going to meet us there," Hazel assured me. "You might want to shut your eyes." I did as she directed and felt an odd spinning sensation in my stomach, like riding on an elevator. For a moment everything was cool and dark, then I felt a sudden jerk like a car stopping quickly, and it was over. I opened my eyes to see we were somewhere new. It looked as though we were at a bus stop with rain pelting the thin metal cover. I ran to check the map standing near the end of the benches. Eugene. We were even further from Portland, and it was already 45 minutes after school. Helen would be furious. "Nico will be