The Hunger Games does not belong to me. All rights go to Suzzane Collins for making this amazing series and inventing these amaing characters. Our laughter fills the area as we run after another tribute. Kenston stays close behind me and runs as fast as he can. We have the tribute cornered and I unsheath my sword. The girl looks around 14 but it's kill or be killed right? "What should we do with this one?" I ask mockingly. It's driving the girl crazy. I see the fear in her eyes. "Why don't we have Kenston take this one?" the girl tribute for 1, Blaze, answers. I see Kenston look in fear at me. "No." I answer simply. "But why?" he district partner, Key, whines. "Because I said, that's why damnit!" I hiss. He cringes at my words and I scoff at how weak he is. "Blaze, you want this one?" I ask. She nods eagerly and sudenlly throws a knife at the girls hand, keeping it to the tree. She does the same to the other hand then cuts off her shirt. "What are you doing?" I ask. "Just going to play a little game." she says, laughing coldly. She carves a target onto her bare stomach then steps back at least 12 feet, all while the girl is screaming in pain. "You think I could make it from here?" she asks, Key. He shrugs. "Are you questioning my skills?" she jokes, winking at him. He rolls his eyes. "Just get it over with!" the girl begs. "Hurry up, Blaze. I'm getting bored." I tell her. She whines the nods. She throws the knife, aiming at the target carved on her stomach. The girls cries out then chokes on something. Blood dribbles out of her mouth then we hear her cannon. Blaze gets her knives back and wipes then casually on her pants. "Let's go then." I order. They nod then follow. We walk for another few hours when someone bursts through the bushes. The girl from seven, Willow, launches her axe at Kenston. Unfortunatlely she didn't have a good grip so it only pierces his neck, not sever his head. He falls to the ground, clenching his throat as tears stream dowm his face. "Key, take care of Kenston. Just talk to him." I tell him. He nods and kneels by the thirteen year old boy. He wasn't supposed to be here. The person that was supposed to volunteer for him chickened out and now he's here. I jump at the girl and pin her to the ground. She struggles but I am stronger than her. I hear Kestons cannon go off. I take out my knife and hold it to her face. "You're pretty. . . such a shame I have to ruin a pretty face." I mock, "Oh well." She clenches her jaw to look touch but I can see in her eyes how scared she is. She's about to cry. "Aww, don't look so glum, let's put a smile on that face of yours." I say. She looks scared. I drag my knife against her lips, carving them into a smile. "There you go!" I say, admiring my work. Tears stream down her face and mix with the blood. "Please. . ." she says quietly. "Don't worry, I'll kill you. After I've had all my fun." I tell her. I gorge out her eyes and drag my knife across her collar bone. She is sobbing and screaming but not dead. My knife digs into her leg and she lets out a blood curdiling scream. "Kill me! Please! Just kill me!" she begs. I carve rings around her eyes and she sobs. Blood starts to pool around us as I drive my knife into her stomach. She screams then kicks her legs. "Kill me please! Please! Please!" she cries. "Fine, since you asked nicely." I say. I run my knife across her bloody throat then watch her choak. I wait until the cannon goes off before I get up. "Nice job, Nova. . ." Key says, smiling at me. I bolt up, my hair falling in my face, and I cover my mouth to keep from screaming. I feel her blood on my skin and her screams ringing through my ears. "Damnit!" I yell out as I punch the bed. It's just a nightmare. . . Just a nightmare. . . Don't worry. Calm down, Nova. Bringing my knees to my chest, I remind myslef that I get to go home today. This is my last day in the Capitol until two weeks for the games. I'll get to see Axel and everything will be okay. No clients, not nothing. Just me and Axel. Everything will be okay. I look out the window and see the sun stream in. I need to get dressed. . . . Opening up the closet they provided me, I pick out a black tank top, dark jeans, and a pair of black boots. I brush out my black hair then throw on some make up to cover the bruises from my last client then pick up my suit case and bring it down stairs. I still can't believe that they made an apartment just for the sold off victors. But if that's how you want to spend your money then go right ahead. A black car stops in front of me and I get in. "Train station." I say, holding the raven pendant that s around my neck in my hand. "Yes, Mam'." he replies. I see him smile at me through the mirror. He's a nice man. He usually drives me to clients house and supplies me with an extra change of clothes under the seat. He's very polite and a sort of friend to me. His name is, Legazy. He might be one of the most normal looking people in the capitol. Purple hair and a tattoo on his arm "Who is your brother staying with this time?" he asks. "With Brutus and Enboria. He loves it there." I say. He nods, "I wouldn't take them for kid people." I shrug, "They aren't so bad. I mean, I could have left him with Titus." I say, wagging a finger at him. He smiles then says, "So, whose mentoring this year?" I think back to when we decided then say, "Brutus and Enboria. Then Titus and I." I reply. When we reach the train station, I get my suit case, wave to Legazy, then board the train bound for District 2 It take about three hours to get there so decide to take a quick shower. I had a client last night and when I got home, I was so tired, that I skipped the shower and feel asleep. I strip down then turn on the shower, making sure it is hot. Stepping in, I let the water rain down on me, standing like that for a minute or two. I scrub my skin raw with all different kinds of soap but I can still feel his touch all over me. The makeup, covering my bruises, starts to go down the drain. I look at the bruises on my hips and my arms. I'm sure there is some on my face but I don't think about it. The hot water starts to relax me a little. I then start to massage shampoo into my hair. When I'm done, I step out and wrap a towel around me, drying off quickly. After that, I brush out my hair then throw it into a pony tail. I put my clothes back on then make my way to the dining car. Sitting down on one of the velvety sofa's, I lean my head back and let out a sigh. I crack my knuckles then stand up. I can't stand just sitting around even for just a little bit. I go to the bar car and pour a glass of vodka. Not that I have it much, I mean, I'm not Haymitch whose an idiotic alcholic. I do it just when I'm a little stressed out. It burns on the way down my throat but I like it. Haymitch says it keeps away his nightmares; being drunk every day. I could be like him. . . No, I can't put Axel through that. The poor kid has been through a lot and he doesn't deserve that. He doesn't even know exactly why I have to go to the Capitol. I tell him it's "Victor Stuff." It's not a complete lie. It is for me, the victor. Even if I did tell him, I doubt he would understand. When the train finally stops, I almost leap to get off. I get my stuff then run out of this capitol machine. As soon as I step foot in District 2 soil, I feel someone wrap there arms around me and hug me tight. "Axel. . ." I breathe out. He looks up at me and smiles bright, his brown hair falling in his eyes and his green eyes staring up at me, filled with innocence and wonder. He may be nine but he is stil my baby brother. The cold District 2 air hits my skin and I instantly regret putting on a tank top. It is always snowing in District 2 and when it's not it's very cold. "I missed you!" he chirps. "I missed you to." I say, kissing his forehead. I feel the eyes of some people and I look up. The sixteen to eighteen years olds are training outside today. Some of them are looking at me but one in particular catches my eyes. Maybe because he is the big brutish boy with the rather large sword. His hair is blonde and close cut to his head with the top spiking slightly. His eyes are what gets me, though. They are a cruel icy blue, the look of a career but I still see the slight innocence in his eyes. Instead of going back to what he was doing, he gives me a smirk. I tear my eyes away from him and grip onto Axel's hand. "Come on! Let's go home!" he says happily. I laugh and say "Calm down, Axel." He nods and pulls me aways from the train. "So what do you want to do first?" I ask him. "Can we go home?" he asks. I nod and smile. He takes my hand and we start to make our. As soon as we enter victors village, I hear a cat call from the left of me. Titus. Titus won five or six years ago when he was 16. He's actually apart of Snow's deal and he keeps up his flirty cocky personality 24/7. He's my friend. He understands me, despite how clich`e that sounds, he does. His blue hair makes him stand out from most of the people here. "Hey there, beautiful!" he calls out. I smile and say, "Hey, Titus." His eyes turn to Axel and he smiles. "Hey big guy." Axel smiles up at him the holds onto my waist. Titus turns back to me. "So, how was "victor stuff"?" he asks me. I turn to Axel and say "I'll meet you back at the house, okay? Me and Titus have to talk." "Victor stuff?" he asks, looking up at me. I nod and say, "Yeah. Now, why don't you go pick out a book and I'll read to you." He smiles and nods, then runs to the house. "Be careful! Watch out for the ice!" I call after him. Titus rolls his eyes and laughs slightly. "So who'd you get this time?" he aks. "Flyton, Pent, Bluesmore, and a few others whose names I didn't remember." I reply. "And for women?" he asks. "Samayra, Jewels, Meley, and three others." I say. He nods. He takes my wrist and inspects a bruise I forgot to cover. He looks at it in pure disgust. I yank it back