((A/N I know it is weird timing - but just make the time between Aragorns coronation and the last ship from middle earth a little bit longer than it should be. (: )) Disclaimer: Everything LotR belongs to JRR Tolkien, with the exception ofMarilla and hersisters, of which Marilla belongs to me, and the sisters belong to my RPG sisters, who have willingly allowed my use of them in this story. Also, the idea of an Airbender, of which you will find out later, comes from Mike Di Martino , Bryan Konietzko and Aaron Ehasz - thecreatorsof Avatar: the last airbender. I justput everything together and make it look good! Prologue My whole life, I have been overlooked. The immense beauty of the twins, Annerueth and Isteleth, has always somewhat left me in the shadows. My little sister, Giraen, has more human beauty to her, so she is always thought to be just as beautiful as the twins. My little brother Eldarion is probably the only person who really understands me, as he and I have been inseparable for quite some time. Our family has been split. Not because my mother and father don't love each other, because there is no doubt that they don't, but because of my sisters and brother. Something about the six children… it is too dangerous for us all to be together. I know what you are thinking now – six children. I have only named five. There was another... Erulisse, born only a few years after the twins, was beautiful beyond measure, and quite brilliant. When I was barely two years old, the twins and she were playing by the river in Rivendell during one of our visits. Something happened, and she was lost. The twins ran home, calling for Ada and Naneth. Search parties were sent out, and for the next year, the entire land of Rivendell was on the lookout for her. So, now we come to me. I am Marilla, fourth daughter of Arwen Evenstar and Aragorn; heir of Isildur and this is my story. Part 1 Someone caressing my cheek waked me from my dreamless sleep. I opened my eyes to see my mother staring down at me. I smiled and sat up. "This might seem strange, but I am leaving. I don't know when I'll be back. I'm taking Asfaloth with me. Take care of yourself and don't get into any trouble while I'm gone. Don't come looking for me." I rubbed my eyes and realized that she was wearing her gray and purple riding clothes and the top part of her hair was pulled back into a small braid to keep it out of her face. "Alright, be careful," I replied, giving her a hug. She smiled and kissed me on the cheek. "You are so much like your father," she stated. She had rarely ever spoken of my father and to tell you the truth, I hadn't seen him since I was only a few years old and didn't even remember who he was or what he looked like. Mother got off of my bed and strode out the door. I think I should go riding to the river today I thought. I jumped off my bed and ran over to my closet, pulled out my riding clothes and put them on. I looked in the mirror and saw what would appear to be a 13-year-old girl, although I was not. It was strange; I seemed to age faster than all of the other elves my age. I noticed that the silver and royal blue on my robes accented my wavy, waist length brown hair and my silver eyes. I smiled as I ran to the other side of my room, grabbed my riding boots, and pulled them on. I then crossed the gray stoned floor to the window to call my eagle, Moonbeam. After a small whistle, the small eagle flew over to me and landed on my arm and I stroked his soft golden feathers. He perched himself on my shoulder and I turned and skipped out of the door. I made it all the way to the grand hall but was stopped by my grandfather (Elrond, for those of you that can't put two and two together for yourselves) and Gandalf the gray wizard, who had been visiting for a few days. "How are you this fine morning, Meleth?" Elrond asked. "Perfect, as always grandfather. Um, what are all the tables for?" I replied, looking into the dining hall behind him. "We are going to have a council in a few days." "Oh! Who's coming? Are Legolas and Antien coming? I haven't seen them in FOREVER! I have to show them my new spot that I found in the woods! And we'll have to play hide-and-go-seek like we did last time they came over and-" By then I was practically jumping up and down, showing my apparent youth. Both Gandalf and my grandfather were howling with laughter. I mockingly put my hands on my hips and made the angriest face that I could manage, causing the two of them to laugh even harder. "Yes...coming" My grandfather managed to say through spouts of laughter. "Why don't you help us set the tables, Marilla?" Gandalf said after laughing for a few minutes. Gandalf was the only person that called me by my real name, other than my mother when I was in trouble. "Of course, I'll be glad to." I replied, hoping that I would get a chance to see some of Gandalf's magic. After helping set the long tables and Gandalf's promise of Fireworks later that night, I asked "Can I go riding to the river?" "Yes. Follow the rules. Stay to this side of the river and be back before dinner." Elrond said as I ran out of the hall. Once I stepped outside, I could feel a hard breeze hit my face and fling my hair out behind me in all directions. A perfect day for riding I thought as Moonbeam rustled his feathers and spread his wings as wide as he could without hitting my face. I turned to the path that led to the stables and started to run. I could feel Moonbeam's talons leave my shoulder and take flight. It was a sort of tradition for us to race to the stables although he always ended up winning because I had to climb down several flights of stairs. I reached the doors to the stables and was amazed to see that they were open. I waved the thought away and walked over to the very last stable. Moonbeam was perched on the gate, but past him, my eyes rested on a very familiar sight. My mare, Silverthorne, was walking over to me, the silver flecks in her white coat shimmering as she gracefully moved from the pasture door to the gate. I opened the gate, Moonbeam landing onto my shoulder once again, and led her out. I took off her lead and gracefully lifted myself onto her bareback. "Hey girl, do you want to go to the river?" I asked her. She whinnied and shook her glimmering mane in agreement and the three of us dashed out of the stables into the golden light of the sun, Moonbeam once again leaving my shoulder and flying above our heads. Once we reached the northernmost part of the river, I dismounted Silverthorne. I walked over to a tall and sturdy oak tree, and carefully placing my feet in hidden crevices, I climbed to the top to the small wooden landing that I had made the previous summer As I stepped onto the platform, a large golden ray of sunlight hit my face, quickly followed by a strong gust of cold wind. Moonbeam perched himself on a nearby branch, and I instantly reached my hand out and stroked his soft, glistening feathers. I heard Silverthorne whinny rather loudly below me, so I looked down about fifty feet to the ground and instantly froze in horror. A large wave was passing by, the crest of it enchanted to look like a band of horses. I recognized it as the defense to stop any black magic from attempting to cross the river and enter the valley of Rivendell. I looked down to Silverthorne and jumped off of the tree, landing in a crouch on the ground right next to her. I looked up to Moonbeam, who surprisingly was already following the wave, screeching as if trying to scare all of the evil away. I hurriedly jumped onto Silverthorne's back and yelled "Niro Lim, Silverthorne!" and the two of us were off as fast as we could down the riverbank. My heart was beating so hard in my head that I could hardly hear Silverthorne's hooves hitting the rocky earth. She was running so fast that we quickly caught up with the horse-wave and passed it. We made it to the crossing and I saw my mother on Asfaloth, holding her sword abroad, and facing nine riders, cloaked in black and faceless. "NO!" I shouted, accompanied by a threatening screech from Moonbeam and a loud whinny from Silverthorne. The riders all turned what would have been their faces towards me, just in time for the gigantic wave to hit, all the water-horses rearing up as the black riders were swept down the river. I turned to my mother to see her dismounting Asfaloth and setting a bundle down on the ground. Moonbeam landed on my shoulder as I steered Silverthorne over to Mother. At once I realized that something was very wrong with the creature wrapped in this bundle. I dismounted Silverthorne and asked, "Oh my, what happened?" She did not reply, but grabbed the bundle and started rocking it, whispering words of encouragement to hold on as a silent tear ran down her flawless cheek. I got down on my knees next to my mother as she set the small creature back on the ground. I realized in an instant that this was no ordinary creature. It was half a head smaller than me and it had the strangest look in its eyes. My mother finally turned to me with tear striped cheeks. "Meleth, why did you follow me? That is not important now, I cannot go any further. Take him to your grandfather as fast as you can. Use Asfaloth, if he has any strength left. May you ride on the wings of the wind." Even though I was about the same size as the creature, I lifted it onto Silverthorne's back and propped it against her neck. I looked back over to my mother to realize that she had collapsed, unconscious, onto the ground and Asfaloth was trying to wake her up by rubbing his nose on her forehead. A man in scraggly looking clothes ran across the river shouting "Arwen!" and ran over to her side. He instantly grabbed her hand and sat her up, wrapping his arms around her and cradling her. I turned to the man and yelled "What are you doing? She needs to get to my grandfather right away! Take Asfaloth, if hell let you ride him! Follow me!" I lifted myself onto Silverthorne's back, placing the creature between me and Silverthorne's neck. I turned to see that the man had already placed my mother onto Asfaloth's back and with one leap he was behind my mother in the saddle with a very confused look on his weather beaten face. "Niro Lim! We must leave now!" I yelled at him before Silverthorne raced off on the path towards Rivendell. Silverthorne apparently understood the urgency of the situation, although I did not, for she was running so fast, I couldn't even hear her hooves hit the soft earth. I looked over my shoulder at the man to see that he was pushing Asfaloth to run just as fast as Silverthorne was and that was after the immense running that