Poppy He had no choice but to accept the things fate handed to him. He worried that he would upset her. Caught between two worlds he struggled to find equilibrium, balance enough that didn't make him blind or inconsiderate. Mostly he didn't know how handle her problems delicately. Effie had curled into herself, pulling arm and leg into an invisible shell, protecting her interior from a world that no longer existed. He had always seen her as a doll. Porcelain. Precious. Put on display. She was too expensive for the eyes that longed for her, and mistreated by those that could acquire her. Her mistreatment led to cracks in her porcelain flesh, all in the form of very real scars. Her hair, although mostly grown back, had been hacked in odd places, almost like patches had fallen off; the result of too harsh tugging. When she was first returned to him she was too thin, too frail, wobbly on her legs, stuttering in her speech. She wasn't the woman he had known. The woman he had worked with. The woman he both loved and hated, loved to hate, loathed to love. He spent days trying to reassure her, listening to her sob, moan and scream. He flinched every time she opened her mouth. She didn't speak. Not casual conversation but harrowing recounts of the days, weeks, months – she didn't know – in which she was subjected to that treatment. His blood ran cold. Some spoiled Capitol brat treated her appallingly all because he had laid eyes on her first. Because he let her get too close, because she cared for him too often. She picked up her own pieces, gluing herself back together, her arm wrapped around his waist but unwilling to fully accept his help. She started average conversation, checking in on the children and finding a role among the rebellion. She steered clear of Coin, hanging behind to avoid a collision. Her recovery only drove him closer to her. She hadn't recovered at all, not really. She did so for pretences sake. Underneath she was still crying. Her shakes still ran across her hands, making her fingers dance. She stopped sleeping in her shared room with a woman she didn't know, preventing herself from keeping the stranger up. She found his bed on those nights. He rarely slept. With the rebellion in full swing, he opted not to have down time. He stayed with her some nights. There were nights when he would pull himself away from the war room. He and Effie stayed up talking despite the fact that they both needed rest. Some nights she cried, others she slept fitfully while he stroked her hair, promising to keep away the nightmares and failing horribly. And then, they slowly started to fall together; sweaty skin, torn clothes, slow kisses and rough caresses. He mapped out her scars even though she didn't want him to acknowledge them. She scratched her finger nails through his course stubble, her hands seeking out his in order to smooth the aches of his withdrawal. The war ended. Katniss fell apart. Leaving the both of them to stand on the sidelines like worried parents as uproar broke out, it never really having died down. Katniss would be redeemed from her actions if she went back to District 12, after her recovery, in the care of a guardian. Haymitch stepped up. Effie followed. In District 12, Effie kept to herself limiting her interactions to Haymitch, Katniss, and Peeta once he too had joined them. Like in Thirteen, she gave up on her Capitol fashion. Her hair was natural, mostly up in elaborate buns, braids or a simple pony tail in order to distract eyes from the uneven nature of it that had yet to grow back properly. She refused to cut it so it was even, as was Haymitch's suggestion. She despised her hair but she would not cut the length. She wore the simple cotton dresses, left the make-up off her face and all around surprised the man she was living with. The fight ran out of her, heading for the hills and as far away as it could get. Mentally she wasn't prepared for what came next. She cried again, helpless, sorrow filled tears. He wanted to be stubborn, mad and angry but he couldn't when her recovery threatened to relapse. It was almost enough to drive him back to liquor. Haymitch stood his ground, he owed a responsibility to the life they were to bring into the world. Effie's pregnancy was a shock, but she smiled through it. In fact, despite the shakes and flashbacks that still cursed her, Effie was happy. They had good days and bad, some where she dissolved into herself, covers thrown over her head. There were days where she was so excited, over the moon, days were she would talk to anyone who would listen about her baby girl. On her bad days Haymitch wanted to scream, he wanted to grab her by the shoulders and shake her so hard her eyes would roll into the back of her head. He wanted to call her stupid and selfish. Doctor Winters advised him against lashing out on her. He was promised by the good doctor that once the baby was born Effie's depression and anxiety would be easier to heal and manage. She had to take care, he advised, warning against the issues that arose in depression heavy pregnancies. Their daughter was born into a world with suffering parents. A mother whose depression came in and out like relatives during the holiday season, refusing medication that the hospital offered, too stubborn to accept help and a father who had no desire to rear life. Their daughter was born in the spring. Early morning, as the sun rose to kiss the earth. It was peaceful and warm, completely perfect for the little girl who entered the world quietly, but alive. She was his undoing the second she was born. He had never seen something so small, so precious, so in need of tender loving care. She didn't cry, only waved her arms and kicked her legs, testing out her new found freedom. A nurse removed her from her parents for a second. Haymitch refused to let her out of his sight, he hovered over nurses shoulders in order to ensure they weren't hurting his daughter. When the nurse was done she wrapped the little girl expertly in a lilac blanket before confidently passing her to Haymitch. He paused, staring at the young nurse with nervous eyes before he hesitantly did what she instructed. His daughter, when tucked into the crook of his elbow was as light as a feather. Haymitch worried that he would forget he was holding her, and simultaneously never wanted to let her go. His eyes were glued to her round face, her little eye lashes, petite nose and her tiny rosebud lips. He laughed, at her, at the situation, at himself. She was perfect. She was his. Once upon a time he would have worried about that, but the rebellion succeeded, she was safe to be his little girl. Without thought he named her Poppy for the flowers that sat outside the window of her awaiting nursery. He hadn't asked Effie yet, but he knew it was perfect. He turned to Effie with a bright smile, tears in his eyes and joy on his face. It fell away quickly as he caught her eyes rolling into the back of her head as the heart monitor's gentle, rhythmic beats slowed. The same nurse who had handed over his daughter, took her away in a second, shoving him out of the room as nurses and the doctor huddled around Effie. Haymitch felt like a curtain had fallen between them, dropping in order to separate them. He banged on the delivery room door. A nurse came out to distract him. She dragged him away from the door and into the next hallway. She was smaller than him, younger, he could have over powered her but he knew, at the same time, the doctors would help Effie. The nurse sat with him for a while, explaining that Effie had lost too much blood and was still losing it. She promised him that she would be fine but Haymitch didn't believe her. She left him after half an hour, promising to check on his daughter who was perfectly fine. Haymitch watched the clock on the wall tick for two hours before he was approached by a different nurse. 'Your wife is stable, and awake. You can go see her now.' He didn't argue with the girl, just nodded and followed her down the hallway. He let out a breath he hadn't known he was holding when his eyes fell on Effie. She was facing the door, her face pale, her back to the small crib next to the window. 'Hey,' he whispered approaching her quickly to drop a kiss on her cheek. 'You had me so worried.' He kissed her again, while his hand played with her sweaty hair. Effie smiled softly, promising that she was alright. 'Have you seen her? She's beautiful, Effie.' He couldn't help the smile that chased across his face as the baby gurgled behind her. Effie stiffed, her body going ridged under his hand. Haymitch didn't notice, he had moved away before he could, his feet carrying him towards the little girl. He scooped Poppy up, suddenly confident in handling her. Carrying her over to Effie he dragged a chair with his foot to her bedside. 'I know you probably have a very Capitol name picked out,' they hadn't discussed names at all, Effie was very loud about not deciding on a name until she had her child in her arms. 'But, I want to name her Poppy.' He settled into the chair next to her, eyes only for his daughter until Effie didn't reply. Looking up he found her with her eyes pinched closed. 'Effie?' he questioned, 'are you alright?' she shook her head. 'Do you want me to get a nurse, the doctor, maybe?' Again, she shook her head. 'Put her back.' She whispered, eyes still closed. Effie, already riddled with post-traumatic stress and depression was overwhelmed with anxiety towards her daughter. 'Effie,' he started but she didn't let him continue, instead she rose her voice a little higher and repeated her words with desperation. Haymitch did as she said, reluctantly before returning to the chair, his hand reaching out for hers. 'What's wrong?' he asked quietly. 'I can't be her mother.' He chuckled softly, reassuring the woman that she had mothered him enough, and the tributes that they met along the way, not to mention Katniss and Peeta. The boy had stumbled more than enough times and accidentally called her mom . 'I can't Haymitch, I can't. Katniss and Peeta are nearly in their twenties, they don't need me to be alright all the time.' 'Don't be ridiculous. You'll be fine.' She shook her head so hard and so fast he worried that it would hurt after what she had been through. 'No, no, take her away Haymitch. Give her to someone else.' She cried, tears dripping down her cheeks. Haymitch bolted from the chair, metal legs screeched across the floor as he stared at his Escot, the woman he had known for too many years to count. When she found out she was pregnant Effie had cried, not unlike now she was frightened, but happy, that was the difference. She had told him she couldn't conceive that she was worried this baby wouldn't make it to full term, that she was scared she was setting herself up for heartache. And now, she wanted him to take their baby away. His voice was stern when he spoke to her, he didn't take a seat and he did not reach for her hand. 'Effie, you just went through an ordeal, I