I don't really know what this is and I feel as though I need to apologize in advance. But, please, do read, let me know what you think. Of Things Lost to the War Your daughter has a father. Her nightmares pressed, prodded, and poked. The voices were synonymous with strangers in her head; taunting as they soared above her, circling her thoughts, reminding her to never forget. Her life, the life of her daughter rested in the hands of strangers. She fought against the words, the rumours. Effie gave birth to her petite daughter in a desolate part of The Capitol's large hospital. Her daughter was supposed to be born in the quiet security of her mother's apartment, not in a hospital with knowing eyes and talking walls. It was her sister who dragged her there, worried that her labour pains were irregular and a sign of danger. The doctor was discrete when offered money. He saw nothing. He did not know who they were. He delivered her baby at three in the morning, cleaned her up, and walked out of the room. The girl was locked away, not banished from her mother, but the world. The girl no longer existed outside of her mother's apartment and her aunt's inquiry. Delphi, in the early days, escorted them out to the family's country home, where the little girl could learn to walk on grass, instead of concrete. Effie went on with her vibrant life, putting her pregnancy behind her, pretending, to those who knew, that it never really happened. Some, though, knew she had been born. Knew she existed and walked the earth, some, for five years kept quiet, threatening Effie Trinket's calm. She understood too much to let her daughter be known. She couldn't simply make everyone accept her child, until they knew her father they would not completely accept who she was. Blood lineage was something she could not make up. Everyone who was anyone knew the intricate details of each other's lives. If she played it off as the outcome of a one night stand she would be expected to take out a blood test. If she lied, she would be simply, found out. If it came out, and it would in due course with The Capitol's bloodlust for honesty, her daughter's name would wind up in the reaping bowl once she hit appropriate age. Not only that, but, she would never be safe. Etta Jane Trinket sat on the edge of her mother's nightmares, feet dangling over the side as she perched on a cliff, unawares. Etta hummed to herself, the usual lullaby that her mother sang into her ear as she stroked her hair. The girl was innocent, flowers and princesses, she even once, recently, begged for a unicorn. She was unaware of the danger in her life, and yet she understood. She was unacquainted with her true identity looming behind her in the shadows, daring to push her off. At four-and-a-half-years-old her misbegotten identity, her quiet life, her small existence, taught her to hide. Not, run towards the fear, the anger, the loud voices and her mother's tears. Her silent, protected existence taught her to stay in her room the night Peacekeepers came and took her mother away. … Even in her torture Effie Trinket did not ask after her little girl. They had not mentioned the child and she would not be held accountable for Peacekeepers storming her house, again, to collect her. She was a smart little girl, she would be alright; Effie hoped. They had neighbours, nice, gentle people, people who wouldn't be interrogated in the name of rebellion. Her family wouldn't know to search for the girl, her sister maybe, but Delphi, could be selfish; their family set in their capitalistic ways. Effie was a traitor, therefore Etta was one too. Some days they beat her so hard she bled, others they just took a knife to her flesh. She was doused with water, kept shivering and cold. They liked to counter their attacks, freezing her some days while taking an open flame to her on others. She didn't call out, didn't cry, scream or whimper. Not when they were there anyway. Some nights she cried in the permanent darkness. Day or night, she did not know. She counted the changing of the guards. That was time for her now. Some days she wished they took Etta, as well, at least then she would have her daughter to hold at night. She could hardly be that selfish for too long, staring off into the distance she knew she did not want her daughter there. She knew her arms were black and blue, her face red, her chest scarred with burn marks. Her hair was in tatters, real hair, her wig was gone the second they pushed her to the floor of her own apartment. They were too impatient to start their punishment. She knew Etta could hear them, she tried not to cry out, but she knew her own yelling would have roused her daughter if theirs had not. She thanked some remarkable God that no one knew of her daughter. The Peacekeepers came, they collected her, and they looked no further into her home, believing that she was the only one there. Etta was safe. She was free of this brutality. Her little body would not have held out as long as her mother's had. They probably would have killed her before she had given in, just to break her mother. … Alone in The Capitol, Etta sat in the middle of her mother's bed, sniffling into her arm. She had cried for hours, days, leaning against the front door in a hope that her mother would return. The sound of people in the hallway would scare her back into the recesses of the apartment. She would curl into a ball on Effie's bed, her little body formed around a stuffed red fox wearing a blue coat. She was Etta's favourite, a teddy she dubbed Beatrice. She was all alone, that fact dawning on her when she watched Peacekeepers beat her mother from her ajar bedroom door. Etta didn't know what to do, but she knew her mother did not want her to step out of her room, not when there were strangers in her house. So she stayed where she was, falling asleep under her bed before she searched her home in hope that her mother had been returned. Effie wasn't there, a bloodstain remained in the entry way, something the girl did not know how to deal with. The wig though, lavender, Etta's favourite colour, was picked up in the child's hands and returned to its place in her mother's collection. She smothered herself in her mother's blankets, seeking out the warmth, the familiar smell. With eyes closed, Etta pretended that her mother was beside her singing a gentle lullaby and stroking her hair. … She listened to Peeta scream and Johanna yell, their voices were a sick comfort to her ears; they were alive, they were there. She hadn't seen them. Their voices were distorting with the force they put on their lungs. But, she knew they were there. She was alone, but they were there . … There were days were she forgot to hold onto reality, days were she slipped into a hallucination of her past. Images of Etta as a newborn, fast asleep in her arms. The simultaneous joy that accompanied her child's growth. Haymitch Abernathy; the days she hated him, the days she loved him and they days she wished she had left him. There was no leaving the games, no leaving your companioning mentor. She had wished for a promotion, to get away from the man who had unknowingly fathered her child. She hated him, when her eyes focused in her dark cell. Grey brick taunted her, refused to induce her imagination, only fuelling her hate. He left her there. He did not warn her. He could have changed the whole outcome of this situation. He doesn't know about his daughter . She cursed herself on those days, her hatred for Haymitch turning inwards on herself. She could almost feel her eyes roll into the back of her head, as unconsciousness moved to claim her again. Effie spent more days than not unconscious, lately. She thought months had passed, years possibly. It felt like eternity. She knew she would never make it out of there, never see her daughter again, never know if she was safe. Etta was her only concern. Etta was always her only concern. Even as she faded from the real world, as her mind drifted from her weak body; her small bones and worn skin, she thought about her daughter. She was tired, so tired, so worn out, she was starving, her tongue was swollen, parched. She was ready to give up, to embrace death. She thought she had. Escaped, embraced the light, crossed over to the other side. When she opened her eyes she expected the spectacular heavens children asked about; fluffy clouds, white and gold. Heaven in the pictures, as artists had captured it through word and graphite, paper and paint. Effie let go. … Her eyes fluttered open, lids heavy, as her sight blurred in the bright room. Her head was pounding, her limbs thick. She felt groggy, unsure of her place. The lights were florescent, the walls grey. She thought of her cell instantly, dread settling in her stomach. She squeezed her eyes shut, body growing tense as she felt tears prick at her eyes. The door swung open, the latch clicking loudly in her ears. Her body jumped, her eyes squeezing tighter. She would not look at them, she would not allow them the knowledge that they had beaten her, revived her, disallowed her exit from this earth. 'Miss Trinket? Are you in pain?' A tender voice called out, young and caring, gentle in his enunciation. She wasn't in pain, no. Nothing hurt above a headache. She pealed her eyes open a second time, blinking at the lights until she focused. There was a young man standing at the foot of her bed, wearing a white coat over a grey jumpsuit. More surprisingly, she was in a bed, soft sheets, a pillow. When was the last time she felt comfort like that? It wasn't the best she had ever experienced but it was a stark contrast between sleeping on the cold hard floor and a too stiff matrass. 'Where am I?' She croaked, her throat dry, still parched. Her first concern was Etta but she did not want to be tricked by The Capitol's Peacekeepers. They could be lulling her into a false sense of security, they liked doing that, before they pulled her legs out from underneath her and beat her harder than she could have imagined. They would not use her daughter against her. 'District 13,' he answered with a smile, he knew about her ordeal, he saw her injuries. He probably thought this was good news to hear. 'You're with the rebels now, Miss Trinket, you're safe.' He had a young face, probably no older than twenty. His eyes were bright, hazel in the iris, his hair soft lemon blond, falling down into the gentle stubble around his cheeks. She didn't think she had the right to ask questions, but she did regardless, she had not been spoken to with genuine nicety in so long. She wanted to take advantage of it. 'Why am I here? What do the rebels want with me?' He was offering her a glass of water when she was done, helping her to sit up before he handed it to her. He was so young. She was gulping down water like she was parched in the desert, an oasis suddenly at her feet. She was worried to pull away and find that she was inhaling sand. She nearly choked when he answered her; 'You