A/N: Though this story takes place closer to The Hobbit than to The Lord of the Rings, I'm counting it as a Lord of the Rings fanfic, because the LotR fanfics are much more popular than the Hobbit fanfics. Disclaimer: I don't own The Lord of the Rings or The Hobbit, they are the property of J.R.R. Tolkien. It had been ten years since the achievement of the Quest of the Lonely Mountain and the Battle of Five Armies, and Gandalf, the Grey Pilgrim, had been journeying for he could no longer remember how long without rest. He knew he was doing the right thing to always be on the move and to play the Enemy of Sauron, and he hoped that the Powers That Be who sent him, particularly Manwë, Varda, Irmo, and Nienna, were glad that he had remained faithful to his calling. Still, even with his temporary rest stops in various houses and realms where he could take a breather and observe the Free Peoples living their free lives, he knew not what it felt like to be a Free Person in Middle-earth. True, he had some understanding of it from the happy and complacent lifestyle of the Hobbits, like Bilbo Baggins and his father and mother, but being a secret Maia spirit who had spent his whole life in servitude to others greater than he, Gandalf couldn't fathom how people could live such idyllic lives in the face of such powerful rising evil. He did have some idea, however, of what it was to lapse from a higher calling, for his friend and cousin, the Brown Wizard Radagast, had done so before spending long in Middle-earth. Radagast had not taken too long to settle down in a wild realm named Rhosgobel, which was situated on the borders of southern Mirkwood, near Dol Guldur, perhaps too near. Gandalf never could understand why Radagast had himself become complacent when he had a duty to the Valar, especially to his mistress, Yavanna. Today, however, perhaps he could get some answers. He and his horse were tired from a long ride through Rhovanion, and they needed a place to spend the night, and Rhosgobel was nearby, so he thought, "Why not? Radagast is a good friend, and I can trust him, so why not spend the night at his house? Perhaps he is in a mood to talk about some things that concern me, as well." He was now riding up to the fence that protected Rhosgobel, and there were birds and beasts surrounding it or perched on it, as usual. A hawk standing on the peak of the gate spied Gandalf and let out its signature shriek. A few minutes late, the gate opened and out came the familiar old herbologist wizard, who thanked the hawk for alerting him to his visitor before turning to Gandalf. "Gandalf, my friend!" Radagast greeted him. "It is good to see you again after all these years!" "Likewise, cousin Radagast," said Gandalf. "I can see that you and your animals still get along well and are still the best of friends." "Well, of course, Gandalf," replied Radagast, "What else would I be filling my time with?" "Well, for a start," said Gandalf carefully, "'filling your time' with wildlife and plants is not exactly what you were meant to do with your time. What about the Free Peoples of Middle-earth? What about the Elves, the Men, the Dwarves, the Ents, and the Hobbits?" "Ah," said Radagast, "there you go again, claiming that I am neglecting my mission to aid Middle-earth. Well, Gandalf, let me remind you now, I am a simple herbologist and ornithologist, and I have my titles 'Bird-tamer,' 'Bird Friend' and 'Simple' for a reason, although I do not like the title 'the Fool,' and am appalled by the scorn Saruman the White shows me with it." "I disagree, old friend. I think the Powers that sent us would think of you by this point as a deserter from the Ainur, and frankly, so would I," countered Gandalf. Radagast chuckled defensively and said, "Actually, old friend, I like to think that I am merely exercising my freedom to choose, to choose not to preach for a living." "That was never your choice to make," said Gandalf sternly, "You swore an oath to the Valar that you would help Middle-earth in its time of need; you have a duty!" "You are right that I have a duty, Gandalf," said Radagast calmly, "But it's to my beasts and birds. Does that not count, or do you still plan to report my 'desertion' to those who live in Valinor when you return there, if you do?" "I will have no choice, Radagast!" Gandalf said, his bushy eyebrows sticking out straight from under his hat. "You must pay the price for backsliding if you will not change your ways." There was a joyous chirping noise, and a little sparrow appeared near Radagast. Laughing, Radagast took off his own old, brown hat, and let the bird settle in a little bird's nest underneath it. "That's it, Rÿz, my beloved sparrow friend, have a little rest there for a few minutes." Despite his objections to Radagast's lifestyle, Gandalf had to admit they looked charming together, almost like they were made for each other. He couldn't conceive how the Bird-tamer could live so happily with the lower, non-sapient creatures in such a dark world. "Look, Gandalf," said Radagast a few moments later, "you look hungry and tired, and so does your fine-looking horse. How would you like to have some supper tonight with me, and then sleep it off before you go on your way? Maybe we can come to better terms with this subject, too, over supper." "I suppose so," said Gandalf, "After all, that is what I came here for anyway." "Excellent!" Radagast said, "Then let's go inside." As they approached Radagast's U-shaped house in the center of Rhosgobel, Gandalf couldn't help noticing the sparrow, Rÿz, it was named, fly away, leaving a dropping of bird poo-poo in the Brown Wizard's hair and side of his face, but he didn't seem to mind. How does he do that? To Gandalf's relief, Radagast washed the dropping out of his air and off his face before preparing supper. It was a simple meal of buttered bread and scones, for Radagast, being an animal lover, never ate meat of any kind, though he would feed meat to those of his beasts and birds which were carnivorous, plus a helping of hot tea, and Radagast even allowed Gandalf to smoke some pipe-weed in his house. As he dished out slices of bread, butter, and scones for himself and Gandalf, Radagast picked up the conversation about "freedom to choose" where they left off. "Well, yes, my good friend," he started, "you and I may be Maiar, and we may also both be Istari, but we are still individuals. Even the Holy Ones are not perfect copies of each other. I told you about my given titles earlier, and I know you have your own titles, too, like 'the Grey Pilgrim' and 'the Grey Wanderer,' and 'Gandalf Greyhame' and 'Stormcrow.' Why do you think we have our own descriptive titles?" "Well, I would think almost any mature person could answer that," answered Gandalf. "It is an efficient way of distinguishing us by who and what we are, and what we do." "That's a very good answer, Greyhame," Radagast smiled, "And the only peoples who are not interested in thinking that way are most of the Dark Powers, like the Orcs, the Trolls, and the Nazgûl. I mean, after all, a title makes an Ainu feel unique, especially when you and all your brethren are actually spirits with no true corporeal form-" "Actually, Bird Friend," interrupted Gandalf, "I never think about those kinds of things; my mission is more important to me." "Yes, you have, old friend," said Radagast, still smiling. "What makes you so sure?" Gandalf demanded. "Because I, and the White Wizard as well, are as close to you as any living thing can be," smirked the Brown Wizard. He looked around and gestured at the potted plants, the vines, the dozing dogs, cats and rabbits, and several friendly birds bathing in a bird-bath. "I've seen the way you look at my home, my plants, my animal friends, my beloved birds," he said. "Come, now, Gandalf, admit it! You must have also thought about what it would be like if you could also leave the Order, and choose a life you want." "But Radagast," said Gandalf, again sternly, "I am choosing the life I want! I am staying loyal to the mission to aid the Free Peoples against Sauron because it is meaningful to me!" "And how is it meaningful to you?" asked Radagast curiously. "Because I-no, we -are part of the most pivotal era in the history of Middle-earth," replied Gandalf. "It was difficult enough defeating Sauron the first time, during the Second Age, and even tougher defeating Morgoth during the First Age." Radagast stirred at this, but did not interrupt. "And now, our power to fight the Enemy is much weaker than it was during those earlier ages. If we fail, then all the Free Peoples of the earth and all their children, as well as their children's children, will be forced to live indefinitely under an evil whose ultimate defeat can never be foreseen!" "If you were to have children, like I have my animals and birds, yes, but that would be against the rules, would it not? Is that not what Manwë and Varda programmed you and the other 'faithful' Maiar to believe?" Radagast said. "No, Radagast," said Gandalf, "it is simply what I believe. It matters not if it's my children or friends, or other people's children or friends. We are both aware that Eru Ilúvatar gave everyone free will, how else could Morgoth and his allies have rebelled? Does that meet with your approval?" "Perfectly," Radagast said good-naturedly, "and free will can lead to good things as well as evil things. 'To each his own,' that's what I always believe." Gandalf, surprised by Radagast's answer, asked him what his interpretation of 'to each his own' was. "It means you can do anything with your life that you want to, old friend." They finished their meal mostly in silence, and afterward, in the living room, Gandalf started to smoke his pipe while Radagast gently stroked a sleeping puppy. "Before I can make any final judgment on your choice, Radagast," Gandalf said, "I wish to know, what was it?" "What made me decide to leave the Order of the Ainur, you mean?" Radagast asked. Gandalf nodded. Radagast sighed and looked unusually haunted and disturbed by what he started to say. "Millennia ago, at the end of the First Age of Sun, as you may recall, we were part of the Host of the Valar who destroyed Angband and recaptured Morgoth in the dreadful War of Wrath. I was a late arrival, for Manwë gave me the part of guiding the Great Eagles and other powerful birds of the air in the battle, but it was still more than enough to disturb me for the rest of my life. I saw those enormous winged dragons Morgoth unleashed after his other forces were destroyed and dispersed. There were so many of them, and the greatest of their number, Ancalagon the Black, was the worst of all. I took the form of an eagle myself, and fought him beside Thorondor and so many other courageous birds, but he devastated us with his immense size and white-hot breath. So many brave birds perished there, curse him, and Ancalagon nearly destroyed me, too. You must remember that, Gandalf, because you saved my life from him. And although Eärendil and Thorondor finally slew him and won the battle for us, his destructive fall on Thangorodrim contributed to the rending destruction of Beleriand. I knew