Annabeth stood face-to-face with the titan lord, holding him at a standstill. "Family, Luke. You Promised," she said, gritting her teeth. Percy took a painful step forward. Grover was back on his feet, over by the throne of Hera, but he seemed to be struggling to move as well. Before either of us could get anywhere close to Annabeth, Kronos staggered. He stared at the knife in Annabeth's hand, the blood on her face. "Promise." Then he gasped like he couldn't get air. "Annabeth . . ." But it wasn't the Titan's voice. It was Luke's. He stumbled forward like he couldn't control his own body. "You're bleeding. . . ." "My knife." Annabeth tried to raise her dagger, but it clattered out of her hand. Her arm was bent at a funny angle. She looked at him, imploring, "Percy, please . . ." Percy could move again. Percy surged forward and scooped up her knife. He knocked Backbiter out of Luke's hand, and it spun into the hearth. Luke hardly paid Percy any attention. He stepped toward Annabeth, but the son of the sea put himself between him and her. "Don't touch her," Percy said. Anger rippled across his face. Kronos's voice growled: "Jackson . . ." Was it his imagination, or was his whole body glowing, turning gold? He gasped again. Luke's voice: "He's changing. Help. He's . . . he's almost ready. He won't need his body anymore. Please—" "NO!" Kronos bellowed. He looked around for his sword, but it was in the hearth, glowing among the coals. He stumbled toward it. Percy tried to stop him, but he pushed him out of the way with such force Percy landed next to Annabeth and cracked his head on the base of Athena's throne. "The knife, Percy," Annabeth muttered. Her breath was shallow. "Hero . . . cursed blade . . ." When Percy's vision came back into focus, he saw Kronos grasping his sword. Then Kronos bellowed in pain and dropped it. His hands were smoking and seared. The hearth fire had grown red-hot, like the scythe wasn't compatible with it. I saw an image of Hestia flickering in the ashes, frowning at Kronos with disapproval. Luke turned and collapsed, clutching his ruined hands. "Please, Percy . . ." Percy struggled to his feet. He moved toward him with the knife. I should kill him, he thought to himself. That was the plan. Luke seemed to know what Percy was thinking. He moistened his lips. "You can't . . . can't do it yourself. He'll break my control. He'll defend himself. Only my hand. I know where. I can . . . can keep him controlled." He was definitely glowing now, his skin starting to smoke. You are not the hero, Rachel had said. It will affect what you do. "Please," Luke groaned. "No time." If Kronos evolved into his true form, there would be no stopping him. He would make Typhon look like a play-ground bully. The line from the great prophecy echoed in his head:A hero's soul, cursed blade shall reap. His whole world tipped upside down, and he gave the knife to Luke. Grover yelped. "Percy? Are you . . . um . . ." Crazy. Insane. Off his rocker. Probably. But Percy watched as Luke grasped the hilt. He stood before him—defenseless. Luke unlatched the side straps of his armor, exposing a small bit of his skin just under his left arm, a place that would be very hard to hit. With difficulty, he stabbed himself. It wasn't a deep cut, but Luke howled. His eyes glowed like lava. The throne room shook, throwing him off his feet. An aura of energy surrounded Luke, growing brighter and brighter. Percy shut his eyes and felt a force like a nuclear explosion blister his skin and crack his lips. It was silent for a long time. When Percy opened his eyes, he saw Luke sprawled at the hearth. On the floor around him was a blackened circle of ash. Kronos's scythe had liquefied into molten metal and was trickling into the coals of the hearth, which now glowed like a blacksmith's furnace. Luke's left side was bloody. His eyes were open—blue eyes, the way they used to be. His breath was a deep rattle. "Good . . . blade," he croaked. Percy knelt next to him. Annabeth limped over with Grover's support. They both had tears in their eyes. Luke gazed at Annabeth. "You knew. I almost killed you, but you knew . . ." "Shhh." Her voice trembled. "You were a hero at the end, Luke. You'll go to Elysium." He shook his head weakly. "Think . . . rebirth. Try for three times. Isles of the Blest." Annabeth sniffled. "You always pushed yourself too hard." He held up his charred hand. Annabeth touched his fingertips. "Did you . . ." Luke coughed and his lips glistened red. "Did you love me?" Annabeth wiped her tears away. She looked at him sadly and opened her mouth as if she was going to say something, only to get a dazed look on her face. "Always," she said as she bent down and gently kissed him on the cheek. And with that Percy felt his heart shatter into a million tiny pieces. Luke a gave her a small smile before he gripped Percy's sleeve, and Percy could feel the heat of his skin like a fire. "Ethan. Me. All the unclaimed. Don't let it . . . Don't let it happen again." His eyes were angry, but pleading too. Percy wanted to hate him, but right now watching the life fade from his eyes he couldn't. "I won't," he forced out. "I promise." Luke nodded, and his hand went slack. The next few hours went by in a word repeated itself over and over in his head, everything felt like a dream. Always . It was strange how one word could affect someone so greatly. Always . Annabeth had said she had loved Luke, and she always had. It had never been him. She never returned the feelings he developed towards her. It wasn't until he felt his heart shatter into a thousand tiny fragments that Percy had realized how much he cared about a certain daughter of Athena. He was so sure that Annabeth had shared his feelings. She kissed him right? She looked so broken when she thought he had died on Mount Saint Helen's last year. That's something people do who love each other, right? Well that's at least what he thought, but he could not help but feel some resentment towards her for leading him on. At best Percy was just something Annabeth had tried to use just to get over Luke. "PERCY JACKSON!" Poseidon announced. This snapped him out of his dream-like state, and Percy looked around to find myself in the throne room as his name echoed around the chamber. All talking died down. The room was silent except for the crackle of the hearth fire. Everyone's eyes were on him—all the gods, the demigods, the Cyclopes, the spirits. Percy walked into the middle of the throne room. Hestia smiled at me reassuringly. She was in the form of a girl now, and she seemed happy and content to be sitting by her fire again. Her smile gave him courage to keep walking. He noticed Hera peering at someone behind Percy. Her eyes shifted back to him and she smiled. First Percy bowed to Zeus. Then he knelt at his father's feet. "Rise, my son," Poseidon said. He stood uneasily. "A great hero must be rewarded," Poseidon said. "Is there anyone here who would deny that my son is deserving?" Percy waited for someone to pipe up. The gods never agreed on anything, and many of them still didn't like him, but not a single one protested. "The Council agrees," Zeus said. "Percy Jackson, you will have one gift from the gods." Percy hesitated. "Any gift?" Zeus nodded grimly. "I know what you will greatest gift of all. Yes, if you want it, it shall be yours. The gods have not bestowed this gift on a mortal hero in many centuries, but, Perseus Jackson—if you wish it—you shall be made a god. Immortal. Undying. You shall serve as your father's lieutenant for all time." Percy stared at him, stunned." Um . . . a god?" Zeus rolled his eyes." A dimwitted god, apparently. But yes. With the consensus of the entire Council, I can make you immortal. Then I will have to put up with you forever." "Hmm," Ares mused. "That means I can smash him to a pulp as often as I want, and he'll just keep coming back for more. I like this idea." "I approve as well," Athena said. He could be a teenager forever, in top condition, powerful, and immortal, serving his father. He could have power and eternal life. Who could refuse that? Then Percy looked at Annabeth. He thought about his friends from camp: Charles Beckendorf, Michael Yew, Silena Beauregard, so many others who were now dead. He thought about Ethan Nakamura and Luke. And Percy knew what to do, he looked up into the eyes of the king, "No." The Council was silent. The gods frowned at each other like they must have misheard. "No?" Zeus said. "You are . . . turning down our generous gift? There was a dangerous edge to his voice, like a thunder-storm about to erupt. "I'm honored and everything," Percy said. "Don't get me wrong. It's just . . . I've got a lot of life left to live. I'd hate to peak in my sophomore year." "I do want a gift, though," he said. "Do you promise to grant my wish?" Zeus thought about this. "If it is within our power." "It is," Percy said. "And it's not even difficult. But I need your promise on the River Styx." "What?" Dionysus cried. "You don't trust us?" "Someone once told me," he said, looking at Hades, "You should always get a solemn oath." Hades shrugged. "Guilty." "Very well!" Zeus growled. "In the name of the Council, we swear by the River Styx to grant your reasonable request as long as it is within our power." The other gods muttered assent. Thunder boomed, shaking the throne room. The deal was made. "From now on, I want to you properly recognize the children of the gods," Percy said."All the children . . . of all the gods." The Olympians shifted uncomfortably. "Percy," his father said, "what exactly do you mean?" "Kronos couldn't have risen if it hadn't been for a lot of demigods who felt abandoned by their parents," Percy stated. "They felt angry, resentful, and unloved, and they had a good reason." Zeus's royal nostrils flared. "You dare accuse—" "No more undetermined children," Percy said. "I want you to promise to claim your children—all your demigod children—by the time they turn thirteen. They won't be left out in the world on their own at the mercy of monsters. I want them claimed and brought to camp so they can be trained right, and survive." "Now, wait just a moment," Apollo said, but Percy was on a roll. "And the minor gods," he said. "Nemesis, Hecate, Morpheus, Janus, Hebe-—they all deserve a general amnesty and a place at Camp Half-Blood. Their children shouldn't be ignored. Calypso and the other peaceful Titan-kind should be pardoned too. And Hades—" "Are you calling me a minor god?" Hades bellowed. "No, my lord," he said quickly. "But your children should not be left out. They should have a cabin at camp. Nico has proven that. No unclaimed demigods will be crammed into the Hermes cabin anymore, wondering who their parents are. They'll have their own cabins, for all the no more pact of the Big Three. That didn't work anyway. You've got to stop trying to get rid of powerful demigods. We're going