Lily kept looking outside the window impatiently. She was already dressed even though it was still one hour before the meeting. The letter she received two days ago was on her lap.. Dear Lily, I would like to ask you the favor of escorting me to an important meeting on July 19th at 11.00 pm. The man we are going to visit is our prime candidate for the position of the Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher for this year at Hogwarts and your feedback would be most appreciated. Furthermore, following your latest correspondence expressing your concern about Mr Snape's affiliations, I have sent him a similar request hoping that both of you will be able to help me in the task at hand. If you and your parents agree we could arrange me retrieving both of you from your house at 10.00 p.m. Muggle clothing will do, however if you want you may also bring magical apparel. Please, kindly send your reply back with the same owl the soonest possible. With my Best Regards, Albus Dumbledore She had read it more than 10 times so far. The first time she had swollen with pride and her cheeks were really hot when she had gone downstairs to announce her parents. Of course Petunia would be missing again, but her parents were more than proud of their daughter's news. They considered meeting the man they had heard all about the last four years as a great honor. Two days later though, she was really curious. Why would Dumbledore want her to help him choose a teacher? The more she thought of him, the greater a mystery Albus Dumbledore was. She looked outside the window again and her heart jumped. A boy of 15 years was walking at the side of the road looking gloomy. His pace had an excited spring though. She quickly opened the window. "Severus!" she exclaimed. The boy stopped dead in his tracks and looked at her. She waved wildly and he waved back somewhat reluctantly. With a jump, she was out of bed and marched to the door of her bedroom. Running smartly down the stairs she passed her bewildered looking father climbing up with his cup of coffee on his hands. "Lily sweetheart, what.." "Severus is here!" she exclaimed. "Ah.. bring him in, your mom has made cookies!" Lily went to the front door of Privet Drive nr 4 and opened it. Severus was standing next to the mangolias looking awkwardly towards the house. She stopped breathless. "Hey Sev!" The boy looked at her seriously. His muggle clothing was sloppy as always, but his hair were well washed and he had made a serious attempt to tie them in a ponytail. "Hello Lily" he said nodding briefly. His eyes though were warm. She looked at him. "Nice hair" she praised. "Ah this.." he said blushing briefly "It's nothing really.." "Well I think that you should tie them more often. It's more elegant" "Y..you think so?" he said looking back at her hopefully and then returning his gaze to the mangolias. She nodded smiling kindly. "You look good also" he said blushing even more now. "Thank you Sev! That was very sweet of you!" she beamed. " And here goes Lily, making sure that I get redder than the Gryffindore banner.." said Severus sarcastically looking at her with a challenge on his look. She looked at him awkwardy. A moment of silence. Then it happened. Both children burst out laughing heartily. "Come on in, my mom's made cookies" said Lily breathlessly grabbing his hand. Severus jerked his hand slightly without letting go though. "I'd rather not.." he mumbled. "But why, they…ah" she looked inside and saw Petunia looking at them from the window. When her older sister noticed Lily looking at her, she left closing the curtain behind her. "She's really annoying that sister of yours" said Severus sourly. "Now Sev, please! I mean.. Yes, she is a bit bitter..but she is my sister!" And she knew so well about Petunia being bitter. Even though she wanted to blame Severus for her behavior, Petunia's attitude had changed to being frosty during the last summers. " I know.. Makes me lucky, having no siblings, right?" said Snape raising an eyebrow as if challenging her to reply. She sighed and sat at the stairs. " It's just.. I really want us to be close, but she is pushing me away.. As if.. As if she wished we weren't sisters any more.." Severus sat by her and rubbed her arm. She didn't complain. "I understand" he said hesitantly. "But.. leave her be for now.. She will eventually find out that you are wonderful.. Everyone does…" She gulped and looked at him with watery eyes. "Oh Severus" she said and hugged him tightly. The boy looked surprised but welcomed the hug. After a fashion, she let go. He seemed to twitch but quickly regained his composure. His gaze had softened now. "So.." he said, his voice more solid than before "why do you think Dumbledore wants us with him?". 'Always to the point' she thought of him. "I don't know" she said averting her gaze from him. "But I am excited about it! I mean, we are going to help him choose a professor!" she exclaimed. "Are we?" he said suspiciously. " I think that there is something more there.." "Severus! Can you stop being wary of everyone around you?" she said strictly. "I .. I am just saying that Dumbledore always seems to have a plan behind his actions" he mumbled. "Yes.." she said looking absent mindedly at the empty road. " At least, we don't get to have the likes of Potter and Black with us" he said with a smile curving on his face, as if celebrating a small personal victory. "Come on Sev, when will you understand that they…" "They are arrogant, bullies, and especially Pot.." "Please stop! I have told you! I don't want anything to do with them! But they are not as evil as you claim they are!" "But..but Potter wants you!" spurted out Severus. "So what if he does!?" she said her voice getting louder and her cheeks redder. " The muggle boy on the other block might fancy me too, does it mean that I will have to fall for him?" "N..No you are right.." he said taken aback. "But Potter is stalking you and… he doesn't like our being friends.." She sighed. "Perhaps if you offered to reconcile?.." "Never!" said Severus standing up abruptly, his eyes full of genuine hatred. "Sev please!" " You may see how good he is.. Gryffindore… Great Quiddich player… but he is arrogant and a bastard and." " Now please!" she said standing up too. " He is an absolute total dunderhead!" "...attention seeking arrogant bully w.. What?" "A DUNDERHEAD Severus Snape! And you might be also if you kept talking without taking time to hear me!" Severus lowered his head embarassed. "Now sit down and promise not to talk of Potter or his cronies anymore today.. Please?" Severus sat down embarassed. "It's just that he is.." "And what of your Slytherin "Friends" Sev?" "What of them?" he said jerking his head. "Sev! They are wicked! Avery and Mulciber! They are really evil. Don't you remember what they did to the Anderson girl last year?" "Ah that was just for fun.. A joke" "A joke?" said Lily. "Sev, this.." she looked around and continued with hushed tone " ..this is no joke. Imperiusing a snake to attack her while in the bathroom? That's evil Sev, and illegal." "They agreed it was a mistake" he said now looking annoyed. "But she had embarassed Avery during charms and.." "Yes, but what they did was evil! Please Severus, you are a good man. How can hang out with such criminals to be? They want to become death eaters first thing after they graduate. They even say so openly!" As Severus opened his mouth to reply, he quickly silenced as footsteps could be heard from behind the garden. A few moments later, the tall and thin figure of Albus Dumbledore appeared. They both turned to face him and remained looking at them transfixed. Dumbledore had his hair tied in a ponytail. His robes were replaced by a dark purple suit with a flamboyant orange tie and matching handkerchief. On his feet there were dark red shoes with pointy end. " Lily, Severus! What a surprise to find you out here" he said pleasantly with the usual twinkle in his eyes. Both children couldn't muster an answer. He looked at them with a look of polite request. Lily was the first to recover. "Professor Dumbledore!" she said.. "You a..we..we have never seen you again with muggle clothing!" Dumbledore chuckled. " It has been a while since the last time I tried a muggle apparel, but I believe I have not lost my touch" he said pleasantly. Severus snorted and Lily giggled. " Certainly professor" she said trying to recover her face in a more serious expression. Before she ended her answer, though, the door opened and her father appeared from the doorway beaming at the children and the professor. "Professor! You are most welcome!" he said. Dumbledore smiled at the children and turned at the man. "Mister Evans, the pleasure is all mine!" "Please come in! My wife has made cookies!" "Ah, my day has already become better!" Dumbledore smiled genuinely. Severus and Lily rolled their eyes as they stood up. " Children please come in!" said Mr Evans as the headmaster started climbing up the stairs to the front door. Lily looked at Severus raising an eyebrow, and the boy shrugged unnerved following her inside. The atmosphere at the Evans house was very warm, despite the awkward moment when Petunia refused to come down from her room and her mother stating that if she didn't do so, she would not let her go to her planned summer trip with her best friend in Ireland. Severus was standing by the window trying to become one with the curtains. Lily and Petunia were sitting on the sofa with Lily peeking glances both at her best friend and her sister who was determined to ignore her all along. Mr and Mrs Evans were engaged in a pleasant discussion with professor Dumbledore, which had started from Lily's extraordinary, as Dumbledore supported to Lily's embarassment, performance at Hogwarts and ended up in some wild gossip concerning the muggle and the magical government structure. The Evanses were amused to find out that the 67 year old Senior Undersecretary's young fiancee was found in the bedroom of the Head Auror and how the Daily Prophet got it all hushed up because the young lady was actually the chief editor's cousin. "I have to admit that the cookies are delicious Mrs Evans" said Dumbledore lightly. " I am pretty sure that Petunia has inherited her cooking talent from you" Mrs Evans smiled proudly and Petunia stood still with her cheeks flushing. "How did you know?" she said. "Petunia! Manners" said her father in alarmed tones. "Isn't that obvious?" said Dumbledore inclining his head to Mr Evans. "Lily has spoken very fondly of your cooking when it came by last Christmas at Hogwarts." "She has?" said Petunia looking at her sister disbelievingly. Lily blushed and nodded. Her eyes were piercing Dumbledore. Last Christmas Lily had spent the holiday at Hogwarts and there was this dinner with staff and students altogether. It was then when Lily discussed about her sister's attempts to assume a cooking mastery and that she had made great progress. "Well then Petunia sweetheart, you should make some of your famous muffins and send them to the professor" said her mother kindly. "But ..how will I send them?" Petunia asked brusquely while Severus snorted. Lily looked at him alarmingly and said "I can lend you Clovis". "Excellent!" said Mr Evans before Petunia would deny. " Will Christmas