A/N: Okay, I know I quite a few stories out that have been put on hiatus, and this story is specifically the reason for that. This idea wouldn't leave me alone, no matter how hard I tried, causing me to completely blank on my other stories. I used to have a Hunger Games story out, but it got taken down for some reason, so this isn't my first venture in the Hunger Games category. Though my first HG story was a Peeta/OC, but oh well. Anyway, I hope you all like this! Disclaimer: I don't own anything Hunger Games related. Although owning Finnick, Peeta, Gale, and Cato would be pretty epic. Ah, well. A few things: - I totally ship Finnick and Annie. I really do. But I wanted to try something a little different since there aren't many Finnick/OC stories out there, and if you guys have been keeping up with my other stories, I'm a HUGE OC writer/fan. - These games won't go in the same direction as Annie's games went obviously. My apologies if that disappoints anybody, but the whole district partner beheading is way too… Um… Horrible. I have other plans for the 70th games. -ADITO- I heard them calling in the distance So I packed my things and ran Far away from all the trouble I had caused with my two hands Alone we traveled on with nothing but a shadow We fled, far away Hold your horses now (Sleep until the sun goes down) Through the woods we ran (Deep into the mountain sound) Hold your horses now (Sleep until the sun goes down) Through the woods we ran Mountain Sound – Of Monsters and Men -ADITO- Salty air. To many, the smell is unpleasant. But to me, I feel that I can't breathe the smell in enough. The smell is familiar. Delightful. To me, the salty smell that lingers over the entire perimeter of District four is home. The smell grows even stronger over the ocean where I spend most of my days on a fishing boat with my older brother and our small team, doing our share of work for the major company who stores, preps, and sells the fish to the Capitol, and the people of our district who can afford it. Today, the salty air is more humid than usual, making me and the team of men I work with want to get our day's work done quicker than usual. "That net looks ready to pull out," Delta Coyle, our team's leader calls to us. "Mika, you and Lady take care of it," Delta says, throwing me a look, which I nod to without hesitation. It isn't usual for a girl in our district to land a job actually working on the boats. Usually, the women work in the company, or stay home with their families. I'm actually one of four girls who managed to get a job on the boats, but not without the help of my brother who had been working on this team since he was sixteen. I walk over to the net on the other side of the large boat where Mika is waiting, and grab onto one side while he grabs the other. "Ready?" he asks, and I nod, surely, and Mika nods back. Together, Mika and I pull the net up from the water, struggling slightly under the weight of the impressive amount of fish caught in it. "Nice," I comment, looking at the fish in the net while wiping the sweat off my brow with the back of my hand. "You said it," Delta says, showing up behind me and placing a large hand on my shoulder. "I think that almost brings us to our quota for the day. You two can go," he says to Mika and I, who silently thrust our fists in the air and high five when he turns his back to us. The two of us walk over to where the long boat is chained to the boat where I find my brother Reed waiting for us. "I'm gonna be late today. I'm gonna go see Lana," Reed says, as Mika climbs into the boat, and I nod with a small smile. Lana and Reed had been dating for a couple of months now, and I couldn't be happier. Lana is a genuinely nice woman with red hair, pale skin that refuses to tan no matter how much time she spends in the sun, and dark blue eyes. The action that won my approval of her, however, is while she was visiting; Annie tripped and cut her hand. Nothing major, but the gash was pretty deep, and Annie can't stand the sight of blood, so she began to panic. Lana immediately sprang into action and fixed up Annie's hand by the time I managed to calm her down. Since that day, I've had no problems with Lana, and actually encourage Reed to continue dating her. "Okay. I'll save you some dinner," I say, taking Mika's offered hand and climbing into the boat. "Make sure you do," he says with a grin as he begins to lower the boat for us. Mika and I each grab an oar when the boat reaches the water and we begin to paddle towards the shoreline. "How's Annie doing?" Mika asks, making conversation. "Same as always. Quiet, but fine," I say with a small shrug. "She's been doing more though, and hasn't had as many episodes as normal lately." "That's good," Mika says, and I nod. "I'm glad," he says, and we're silent for a few moments. "Reaping day in a few days," he says casually, and I flinch slightly. "Nice topic," I mutter with an eye roll. "Hey, you only have one more year after this one," he says, attempting to be comforting, and I snort slightly. "Yeah? So what? There's two reapings left for Annie's name to possibly be called," I say, with a frown. "Or yours," Mika adds, raising his eyebrows, and I glare at him. "Thanks for the reminder, Mika!" I say in a falsely cheerful voice, as we reach the shore. "Oh, you know you and Annie will be fine," Mika says as we climb out of the boat, and pull it farther onto the beach. "Don't say things like that," I say quickly, pointing a finger at him. "You'll jinx us, and I'll have to punch you in the throat." "Yeah, yeah. Go home to your sister," Mika says in an amused voice, and I turn on my heel and make my way off the beach. As I make my way home, I suddenly switch directions and head towards the market. As I walk, I have to force myself to ignore the whispers of the teenagers and young adults referring to me as "Crazy Annie's sister". When I arrive at the market, I casually purchase a couple of fish and a loaf of bread. I patiently wait as a woman behind the counter wraps the fish in paper and ties it with a piece of twine before handing it to me. "Thank you," I say to the woman before putting the fish in my bag, next to the bread as I leave the market. I accidentally bump into somebody during my moments of distraction as I leave the market, but decide to avoid looking at the person to prevent a conversation since I'm trying to go home to Annie. "Sorry," I call over my shoulder as I walk in the direction of home. After a few minutes, I finally arrive home and push the front door open. "Annie?" I call as I walk to the kitchen, and frown when I don't hear my twin's footsteps echoing down the hallway. I place the fish in the cooler and leave the kitchen in search of Annie, who I find sitting on one of the chair in the living room, tying together a variety of different flowers into a bouquet with a piece of white string. "That's really pretty, Annie-girl." Annie jumps and drops the bouquet, startled that I'm even here. It's clear to me that she'd been off in her own world when I came home and she didn't hear me call her name. I send her an apologetic smile as she takes a few deep breaths to calm herself. Annie stares at me for a few moments before picking the bouquet up off of the floor where she dropped it and she hands it to me. She points to me and nods when I take it, and I know immediately that she had made the arrangement of flowers for me. "Well, thank you very much," I say with a smile. "What's the occasion?" Annie merely shrugs in reply before blinking and looking down at her hands. I smile softly at her before turning on my heel and walking down the hallway to the bedroom I share with Annie and I place the flowers down on my bed before setting my bag next to it. I quickly change out of my sweaty clothes into a set of clean shorts and a shirt before walking back into the living room. I frown when I see Annie absentmindedly scratching her arm while staring blankly ahead. I move closer to her and crouch in front of her before grabbing her hand and squeezing it softly, breaking her out of whatever trance she was in. She blinks a few times before looking at me with confusion and she looks down at her arm. Annie pulls her hand out of mine and traces the red scratches with her finger tips. "Did you eat anything today?" I ask, rising to my feet, and looking at my twin. My eyebrows crease when she subtly shakes her head, knowing that I would be upset. I bite my lower lip gently and take a small breath through my nose. "Are you hungry? I can make you something to eat if you want," I suggest, and Annie shakes her head, and I nod. "Okay. But you're going to eat supper," I say, not leaving any room for arguments, and Annie nods in agreement. I watch as Annie rises from her seat and walks to our bedroom. She's only in there for a few moments before she comes back with her notepad and a pen in her hand. She quickly scribbles something on the last page of the notepad and hands it to me. 'Beach?' she asks in writing, and I smile slightly. I think for a few moments before shrugging. "We've still got a little time before I planned to start cooking supper, so sure," I say with a smile, and Annie grins before taking my hand and pulling me towards the door. My smile widens at Annie's eagerness which clearly shows that she's had a good day. I pull the door shut behind me as we exit the house, and Annie leads the way to the beach, her hand firmly locked in mine. We arrive at the beach in record time, due to Annie's excitement, and upon arrival, Annie immediately pulls her shoes off and walks into the water. She walks through the water until it reaches her mid-calf, and I grin before taking off my own shoes and join her. After a few minutes of silence I look over at Annie who is looking out at the water with a blank expression on her face, lost in her own world again, so I reach over and grab her hand gently, bringing her back to me and I grin at her slightly when she looks at me. "So, did you have a good day today?" I ask, and she nods before she smiles widely and her body shakes with silent giggles. I smile and look at the slightly shallow water, only to see a horde of guppies swimming around us, occasionally brushing against us. I let out a noise of disapproval when I see a jellyfish nearby, feeding