Disclaimer: I'm just playing with Suzanne Collins' characters and her world. They're hers. Not mine. Veni, Vidi, Reliquit Madge didn't like parties. Not for her parents, not for school, and definitely not keggers on Thursdays at some idiots house just off campus. This was going to get her killed, she was going to end up as an episode of Dateline, as a warning to young girls about the dangers of college parties. The little rental house looked like something straight out of Animal House. There were people in bedsheets running around, slinging cheap beer from their red plastic cups everywhere, some moron was trying to start the charcoal grill using what appeared to be a rub on shoe polish sponge and a clear substance of unknown flammability. Madge guessed the answer was 'highly'. "Ish no w-workin'," he complained to his friend. "You neeta light it, bro." Madge began praying she was gone before they found anything, even a spare bit of flint and steel, to try out their innovation with. She was going to kill Katniss and Peeta. They owed her big time for coming for their dumb butts. They'd gone to the party, thrown by one of Katniss' fellow engineering students, just for a few drinks, then they'd said they were going to bow out and head home. It hadn't quite gone that way. Katniss had apparently gotten in a drinking game of some sort with one of the grad students. If being one drink from passing out meant you won, then Katniss had beaten the girl into the ground. Madge was fairly certain, though, that wasn't the case. Peeta had called around the middle of the game, asking Madge to 'Please, please, come get us'. Katniss was a notoriously mean drunk and Peeta had sounded a little tipsy too, though at least he still had enough sense at the time to call for help. So Madge had rolled out of bed, thrown on some jeans and a hoodie, then drove, slowly, across town, to what looked to be a less than reputable neighborhood, to rescue her idiot friends. She looked up at the house, her bubble of personal space was about to be painfully popped. The house wasn't big, but it was packed with people, smelled of alcohol and too much body spray trying to mask the horrible odor. Taking a deep breath, Madge pushed through the sweaty, stinky, incredibly inebriated crowd, hoping it would be easy to find her missing friends. Someone caught her by the elbow, let out a shrill squeal. Madge feels her heart stop in her chest. "Oh my god! You came!" The platinum blonde pulled Madge into a hug, overwhelming her with the scent of expensive perfume and the liquor from the drink in her hand. Oh, god, my bubble! Madge recognized the girl from her statistics class. She'd made an unbearable class even more intolerable with her pointless questions and constant need to text during discussions. Even her name was annoying, Glory or Glamour or Glitter, something that belonged on some poor celebrity child. They'd never even spoken, clearly she had Madge mixed up with someone else. The girl released her, smiling drunkenly, then squinting, " You were supposed to pledge our house, what happened?" Madge nearly corrects her, tells her she had never rushed and she was mixing her up with someone else, but instead shrugs. She just can't help herself. "Oh, uh, I went with Omega Beta Zeta." The girl squints, racks her lone brain cell, she doesn't recognize the name, but she's too drunk to put that together into words. She nods, makes a vague noise. "I gotta go," Madge makes a face, gestures to the hallway leading away from the kitchen and the Ralph Lauren sheet wearing girl, and hopefully, to Katniss and Peeta. Before Glimmer, that was her name, can stop her she pushes off, toward the exit. She gets stuck behind a couple messily making out, annoyingly blocking the hall entrance, when someone comes up behind her, blows hot air into her ear and whispers hoarsely, "What's your favorite scary movie?" Not him . That would be her luck. She turns and finds her nose nearly bumping into the voice's cheek. Gale Hawthorne, Katniss' long time neighbor and friend, and normally a complete jerk. While he and Madge had gone to school together, K-12 though he'd been a couple of years ahead, he'd basically pretended she didn't exist or was the most unappealing human he'd ever had to share oxygen with. He'd spent years mostly communicating with her through elaborate grunts, using full sentences only when necessary. It had stung a little, a lot if she was honest, he was possibly one of the cutest boys at their school and he looked at her like she was barely human. Katniss still hung out with him, but Madge avoided him. It wasn't worth the effort and the damage to her ego. Now, though, he's grinning at her as he straightens up. "Scary movie? Really, Madge? You couldn't have gone with Pi Delta Pi or Zeta Beta Zeta?" She gives him an uncertain look, "It's from Scream two, learn your movie references." He smirks, puts his arm over the top of her, palm against the wall, and leans in. Madge leans back. He's in her bubble. "Why don't you teach me some then?" She makes a face. Why is he being nice to her? Almost flirting with her? Normally he treats her as if she ranks with jock itch in the list of things that annoy him. Then his breath hits her. A little pungent, heavy with alcohol. She rolls her eyes, of course he's drunk, that would be the only way he would be nice to her. She takes a step back, bumps into the wall and crosses her arms. "Gale, I'm looking for Katniss and Peeta, have you seen them?" Surely he had, he was probably the one that had goaded Katniss into coming to the party in the first place. She wouldn't be surprised if this was his house, actually. He nods, but doesn't say anything, just continues to grin drunkenly at her. She huffs, "Well?" Gale scratches his cheek, covered in a dark stubble, looks around, ignoring her question. "You want something?" He points to the fridge, "Uh, Thom brought some wine coolers and some hard lemonade, you like those?" "I don't drink." She's going to strangle him if he doesn't focus. Her voice raises an octave, there's too many people crushing in on her and she just wants to leave. "I'm not here for the party. Listen, I'm here for Katniss and Peeta. They need a ride home. Please tell me where they are." He squints, processing her words, her tone, then points down the still blocked hallway. Madge forces a smile, "Thank you." Now she can collect her friends and get out of this hell hole. If she can get the gross couple to move. She ducks under Gale's arm, goes back to the couple, tries poking each of them on the shoulder, but they're too absorbed with each other to notice. A deep, authoritative voice booms out behind her. "The lady needs through." Gale pushes them aside, not that they notice, then waves Madge through. "Thank you." He follows her down the tiny dark hall. She looks back at him and frowns. "I'm pretty sure I can find them from here." She doesn't need an escort. He shrugs, continues to breathe down her neck. It's unnerving, how close he is, dressed only in a sheet. She eyes the pattern in confusion. "Are you-are those your sheets?" He grins again, looks down at his toga. "The Avengers? Yep." Her eyebrows arch up. Of course. Why not? "I've got Iron Man on my boxers. Wanna see?" Madge closes her eyes. She's glad there's more between them than just his children's section sheet, but she doesn't need visual confirmation. With a little grimace, she shakes her head. Gale snorts, "Prude." Ignoring him, she continues down the hall, until Gale stops and puts his hand on the handle of the only door on the right. When he swings it open, they get an eyeful. "Oh god!" "Shut the door!" "Oh god!" It was too late though, they'd seen too much. Arms, legs, and a whole lot of naked. Madge covered her face and turned to the opposite wall. She needed to bleach her eyes, her brain, burn the image of Katniss and Peeta impersonating an octopus out of her memory. Gale clears his throat, "I, uh, guess we should've knocked." Yes, yes we should have. The door creaks open, just enough for Peeta's blonde head to poke out. "Hi, Madge." She doesn't turn from the wall. She can't look at him. "Uh, well, she woke up, and, uh, well-" "Peeta, please just get dressed," she gently bangs her forehead into the wall. He makes an affirmative noise and she hears the door gently shut. The hall is quiet, only the muffled noise of the music from the front of the house keeps it from complete silence. "Party in the USA?" Gale groans. Madge keeps her face in the wall, "You're at a college party, what do you expect? Indie rock hits?" He flops onto the wall next to her, shrugging. "I requested Seether." "Good luck with that." She doubts he's getting anything but top 40 hits while he's here. "Just enjoy what you get." He chuckles, nudges her with his shoulder, "Are you going to turn around?" She isn't sure. Seeing Katniss and Peeta like that might be the end of their friendship with Madge. There are some things you just can't come back from. "Gotta hand it to Mellark, that was a pretty creative-" Madge covers her ears. She does not need a reminder. She feels his breath come down on her in a hot puff, he's laughing at her. "You are such a prude." "Whatever." She finally turns, crosses her arms and stares at the door, waiting for the other two to hurry up and get out so she can go home and begin purging her mind with Disney movies. Gale reaches over and begins toying with a strand of her hair that's escaped her ponytail. He twirls it around his finger idly. Madge gives him a scrutinizing look. His hair is mussed, not that it's ever all that tidy. He could use a shave, he has what she suspects is a two or three day grown coming on across his cheeks, chin, jaw, and down his neck. There's a smudge of what looks suspiciously like lipgloss, smeared on the side of his mouth. His gait was steady and his eyes aren't unfocused, in fact, they look amazingly clear in the dull light from the naked hallway bulb. He isn't as drunk as she'd originally thought, which baffles her to no end. She tugs the strand from his fingers. She needs him out of her bubble. His mouth turns down, a little crease forms between his eyes. Her attention goes back to the door across from her. "Why don't you drink?" What? She frowns as she turns to him. "You said you don't drink. Why not?" It really annoys her when people ask her that, as if not wanting to drink makes her some kind of circus freak. She doesn't like the taste or the smell or what it does to people. Everyone has preferences, and hers happened to not include alcohol. "I just don't." Gale watches her for a moment, tugs at Captain America's face to loosen the knot keeping his toga up. "Okay." The door finally opens and a sheepish looking Peeta followed by a glowering Katniss emerge. "Pervert," Katniss hisses at Gale before she stumbles into Peeta. She may be standing, doing other things, but she's still pretty drunk. She glares at Peeta, as though he's the one that fell into her, grabs him around the neck to keep herself