Disclaimer: I'm just playing with Suzanne Collins' characters and her world. They're hers. Not mine. Any lines from the books are hers too. AN: So here's the final installment of the 'Madge in the Games' story. It's going to take a while to finish, unfortunately. My energy for it is low, but existent, and I have the story more or less plotted out so that bodes well. After February, I'll be a little more focused. Basically I'm posting this to motivate myself to write and not let the story just waste away. Anyways, thanks to Nursekelly for putting up with me. To jump or fall Madge cups her hands and splashes icy cold water onto her face. For a few seconds she grips the cold marble edge of the counter and stares at the empty sink before looking up at the mirror. Her makeup is still perfect, no smears or running mascara. She's painted, a doll that can weather any storm. Makeup that can withstand even the most violent tears is the brainchild of one of her fellow Victors, a fact that almost makes Madge laugh. Of course a Victor would be the one that would create makeup that can stay in place even after a good cry. In the Capitol, they need it more than anyone else. This isn't the time to marvel at the genius of her fellow Victors though; this is just a moment to catch her breath. There's still a show to put on. Behind her the heavy oak door glides open and Madge prepared herself for squeals of delight from someone 'lucky' enough to catch her in a rare moment off stage. When no giggles or shrill words of excitement reach her though, Madge thinks she's managed to slip under at least one person's radar. A few last beads of water trickle down her cheek and off her jaw, into the sink, before she blinks and takes a steadying breath. "Oh, Magdalene, you look just delicious ," a voice drawls behind her. Spinning so fast her heels almost slip on the tile, Madge finds herself face to face with Egard Glaive. He's spindly, pale with silver hair and a cold smile. The descendant of a former Victor with position and pull within the Capitol despite his unpleasant personality. How he'd slithered across the room without notice Madge isn't sure, but she doesn't care. All she wants is to get away. The last place she wants to be is trapped in a room with any member of the Glaive family. Birdy's never gone into specifics, but the Glaives are rotten to the core. "Never let them get between you and the door," she'd warned her, back when Madge had first had the displeasure of meeting Egard and Evlyn after a concert. "And if they touch you, don't hesitate, knock their teeth out." "But-" "No buts," Mr. Abernathy had cut her off. "Listen to Bird." Madge wrung her hands. "But Finnick-" "Finnick's playing a different game, Madgie," Birdy quickly told her. "Different rules. Never forget that." And Madge hadn't. She was spun glass, an ornament not to be touched, and she had sharp edges. They'd bleed if they tried to do what wasn't allowed. Giving Egard a small nod of acknowledgement, Madge starts to step past him only for his boney hand to shoot out and wrap tightly around her upper arm. "My sister and I have requested your company, but it turns out you're quite popular." Grinding her teeth, Madge nods. The patrons of the arts were few, but they were a powerful group. Madge's concerts had saved her from the dark fate that Finnick, Cashmere, and Gloss shared. Her music saved her from the Glaives. "I need to get back to the stage," she tells him curtly, trying to pull her arm from his grip. He squeezes tighter. "I don't want long." His thin lips twist up as Madge tries again to pull herself from him. "Let go." Egard chuckles. "No." It's a joke to him. She's nothing but a toy he's been denied, and now he's going to take his turn. Permission or not. "Let me go," Madge grinds out, her eyes locked on his, narrowed, hoping he can't sense the fear in her. His nails dig into the diamond dust speckled skin on her arm as an answer. Before she can worry herself out of it, Madge lets her instincts take over. She balls her free hand up and plants a foot before swinging at Egard's still grinning face. Blood erupts from his mouth, crimson spurting out and onto the floor. It's enough of a distraction to get him to let go of Madge's arm and she stumbles back, tripping on her heels and falling into the wall. "That wasn't very ladylike," Egard growls, spitting blood onto the floor. He grins. "I like it." A shiver goes up and down Madge's spine and she tries to find her footing again, but she's too slow, too scared and shaken, and before she can bolt for the door Egard is back on her his body pressing obscenely against hers and his hands begin groping and squeezing, tugging at her skirt. Madge tries to bring a knee up and hit him in the groin, but he stomps on her feet, pinning them down as he chuckles. "I love that our little diamond has some edges," he hisses, his hot breath against her neck. There's no fighting him. She's nothing and he's everything. All the power and privilege, and she's only a pawn in this game. She should give up. Gale's face, smeared with coal and sweat, is suddenly in front of her, looking fearful and disgusted. Fight, she almost hears him say. You're a fighter, you're smarter than this. Madge half wants to shout at him that this isn't about being smart, this is about strength, and she hasn't got any, but then in the periphery of her vision she sees a glint of Egard's ruby earring. The thought is only half formed when she acts on it. Her teeth grab Egard's earlobe and rip the jewel out, eliciting a pained scream as he stumbles back, holding his ear. "You little-" Madge swings at him again, her stance more solid this time and her hit landing firmly on his nose. He crumples in on himself, stumbling back and cupping his nose, voice muffled as he curses her. Looking up, his face smeared in blood, he snarls, "Bitch!" Seemingly out of nowhere, an arm wraps around his neck and green hair appears beside his face. Birdy sighs dramatically, her expression exasperated. "Egard, if I've told you once, I've told you a million times." Something glints in the rose colored light of the bathroom, thin and sharp, pressing into Egard's neck. "Guess you'll never learn." Without so much as a breath of hesitation, the dagger jabs deep into Egard's flesh, sending blood gushing out and quickly soaking the crisp white of his suit. Birdy lets him go and he stumbles as he tries to press his hands to his neck in a vain attempt to keep his life from spilling out before slipping in the already impressive puddle of blood at his feet. He reaches a bloody hand out, pleading with his wide, panicked eyes for Madge to save him. She doesn't though. Whether out of shock or disgust that he would expect her to help him after what he'd tried to do, Madge doesn't move, frozen against the wall. "Will you just die already?" Birdy finally asks, stepping up behind him again and covering his mouth with one hand and pinching his nose with the other. He struggles against her, all the while still trying to hold pressure on his gushing neck, but the fight is too much. The color drains from his already pale face and his movements slow before he finally goes limp. Rolling her eyes, as if to say 'took long enough', Birdy lets him go and he drops lifelessly to the tile with a sickening slap. "Miss Ala-" Madge's question dies on her lips when the door open again and in spills several Peacekeepers, guns drawn and boots banging loudly on the blood splattered tile. "Thank god you're here," Birdy says, stepping over Egard's body as she pulls out her compact and begins fixing her hair before gesturing behind her. "Someone has murdered Egard and Evlyn Glaive." Too stunned to speak, Madge looks toward the heavy door, now propped open by a potted fern, and spots a slumped figure against the wall. Evlyn Glaive, Egard's creep of a sister. She's a strange gray in the light, her blood pooled around her and saturating her evening gown, hands limp at her neck, trying to postpone the inevitable. It had clearly been a vain effort. "We did everything we could," Birdy takes Madge's hands and smears blood on them, "but it was too late." It's a show, part of whatever game Birdy is playing, and Madge wishes she knew the rules. The Peacekeeper nods, his eyes tracing over the blood stains on her dress and dropping to the pool of blood around Egard's body. "Clearly." He looks around. "Round up the usuals. Family-" Birdy snorts. "They'll be thrilled." "-friends-" "There's a short list." "-and enemies." "And that's a long list." Turning back, the Peacekeeper jerks his head toward the exit. "We've got this ladies, you should head home." Madge feels herself nod, but she's rooted in the spot, eyes focused on the puddles of blood and the crimson footsteps being spread around the once white tiles. They're dead. They were vile and sick, but they were people, and now they're dead. It had to have been a setup, somehow, someway, by Birdy, and Madge thinks she should feel angry that she's been used as a pawn in another Victor's game, but she isn't. There are two less monsters in the shadows, lurking and waiting to swoop in and destroy the fragile stability of those they prey on. Even if she hadn't set out to help, Madge had. One good deed among her failures. Despite that feeling of accomplishment, the coppery scent in the air, the squishing sound of the Peacekeepers' boots in the blood, cause Madge's stomach to roll. Bile stings at the back of her throat and her vision swims in front of her. Leaning over, she puts her hands to her knees and tries to breath. "Madgie?" Birdy's eyebrows scrunch together in concern as she leans in. "You okay?" Looking up, Madge tries to speak, but her tongue feels leaden and no words form. The room spins, Egard and Evlyn's lifeless bodies rise up and are thrown around, blood splashing, forming strange patterns on the walls as the Peacekeepers continue to work, their movements in exaggerated slowness. "Madge?" Birdy asks again, her voice echoing, muffled, like she's trapped underwater. The blood begins to fill the bathroom, inches and then feet of warm red liquid spills out over the toilets and escapes the stalls and pours from the faucets. No one else seems to notice. "Miss Alameda!" Madge tries to shout, but no noise comes out, just more blood. Birdy tilts her head, looking perplexed, and Madge tries again. "Miss Alameda!" Why is she calling her that? She hasn't called her that in years… When she only shakes her head in confusion again, Madge screams. Birdy's mouth moves again, but it isn't Birdy's voice. "Madge!" She shakes her head. None of this is right… "Madge!" This has already happened…the Glaives have been dead for years... "Madge! Wake up!" Eyes snapping open, Madge shoots up, heart pounding and breath short, staring out into the dim yellow light from her bedside table as it illuminates her room. Her room, in her house, in District Twelve. A pair of warm, calloused hands run up and down her arms, then a pair of chapped lips press into her hair, her neck, then her shoulder as she finally relaxes