Disclaimer: I'm just playing with Suzanne Collins' characters and her world. They're hers. Not mine. Any lines from the books are hers too. AN: And here it is, the story no one asked for. I just needed to clear my mind and ended up playing with my OC Birdy's story, which is the first story I ever wrote. If you haven't been introduced to her you probably won't want to read this, because, well, you know, no investment. Anyways, this story has a lot of tough topic brought up, like rape, suicide, and execution, so don't read if those bother you. I didn't want to shy away from the darker aspects of what life in Panem might be like other Districts, so very little gets held back. Also, things are filtered through the eyes of a twelve year old in this story, not the twenty year old with years of Capitol experience under her belt I introduced in 'Down the Rabbit Hole', please keep that in mind. Anyways, I hope anyone who reads this enjoys it. Made Unbreakable "Be careful up there, Bird!" Glaring down at Jobe, Birdy sits up, spins the knife in her hand. Right. Careful. Ignoring the sudden gust of wind that nearly knocks her off balance, Birdy inches further out on the branch until she's at the rope. The Peacekeepers had hung the seventeen year old almost two weeks prior. Normally they liked to leave the bodies up for a month, a rotting reminder to people the price of misbehavior, but the summer had been particularly hot and humid and the newest batch of Peacekeepers don't have the stomach for the fetid aroma the boy's body is giving off. They'd come out to the group home and grabbed the first kids they'd seen to do the dirty work of cutting the boy down and disposing of him before the sun had even risen over the tree line. Yawning, Birdy stretches out and begins sawing through the thick rope. After a few minutes it snaps, followed by the sickening crunch of bone breaking on the ground. "Ugh!" Jessup grunts, and when Birdy looks down he's shaking his foot, kicking what looks to be innards off his boots. Squinting down, Birdy sees the body has broken, the force of hitting the ground having been the last abuse it could take. Birds had pecked his eyes out the first day, then gone after his soft belly over the first week as he'd bloated and split in the heat. Coyotes had come in the night and pulled off his legs after that because he'd been dangling too low on the branches. What's left will have to be shoveled up and carted off, buried deep, otherwise he'll end up entirely consumed. It seems a cruel fate for having lost a bullet, but it's the law, the price for the privilege of being a wrangler in the Capitol's employment and being allowed a firearm. Lose a bullet, be unable to account for its use with the body of an animal that was attacking your herd, and you hang. To the boy's credit, he hadn't cried as they'd put the rope around his neck. He was more a man than the bastards that strung him up. The Peacekeepers were new to Ten, and it was their first hanging. They'd made the drop was too long. It was nothing short of a miracle the boy's head hadn't popped off when he had the stool kicked out from under him. "I'll talk to them about proper rope length," Crispin, one of the training Peacekeepers, one who'd been around for a few years and was reasonable, had said when Birdy and Katy-Jo Lewes had gone to him to complain. "You should," Birdy told him. "If they'd made it too short we'd've been there forever. And they need to use the gallows. We got them for a reason." And time is valuable. Like now, they could be out snake hunting, instead they're going to be scooping up rotting guts for at least half an hour because a bunch of green Peacekeepers had used a tree instead of the gallows and more wildlife than normal had gotten hold of the remains. It's wasteful. Scooting back down the branch, down the rough trunk of the tree, scraping the palms of her hands as she does, Birdy sighs when she reaches the bottom. It's late afternoon before they finish digging the hole. The ground is rock hard and dry from drought, making digging nearly impossible, and they have to stop several times to keep from overheating. "Hope you get better luck on the other side," Katy-Jo Lewes tells the body as they dump what's left of it in the rough hole. "Amen," Jessup mutters, pushing rust colored dirt in. "Vaya con dios," Birdy adds. Jobe frowns as he shovels a load of dirt, stopping to look at her. "What's that mean?" Nose wrinkling, Birdy answers, "Go with God or something, I think. My dad always said it." Even though it had gotten him beaten more than a few times. It was a strange tongue, and strange tongues weren't allowed in Panem. Jobe just grunts, tossing the load of dirt into hole. He probably doesn't believe in a god, and Birdy doesn't blame him. She isn't sure she does either, but she like the words. Even if there's nothing on the other side of life, no after and no god, the words are pretty, comforting. And they need pretty and comforting things. "Think we can gig any frogs tonight?" Jobe asks as they make their way back to the town, dragging their wheelbarrow and shovels behind them. Jessup grins blissfully. "I could do with some Fried legs." Birdy nods. She could too, and since they'd just traded several snake rattles for a share of lard they could have just that. "Momma Muetter isn't gonna let us out tonight," Katy-Jo Lewes reminds him. "We gotta be up early for the train tomorrow." All their excitement dries up after that. Trains mean going to the District Seat, and going to the District Seat means the Reaping. "The odds are in your favor," their school teacher, Ms. Honeywell, had told them as she'd helped the kids from the District group home fill out their paperwork requesting tesserae. It was their duty, as orphans, wards of the District, to apply for tesserae in the names of their 'family', the other children in their homes. The extra grain, oil, necessities, were their payment to the District for providing them with the very basics of living, for being drains on their society. If they'd given the extra provisions to the group homes that would've been fine, great, but in four years of living in the home Birdy had yet to see any extra grain or oil. They weren't given so much as a pound of extra lard. Everything they signed up for went to families, people with loved ones. There was no fairness in it, but life wasn't fair. If it were none of them would be in the group homes. "There are thousands of children. And thousands more slips in the hopper," Ms. Honeywell continued to explain. "Someone'll get picked though," Katy-Jo Marsen had tearfully muttered. "More than likely it'll be an eighteen year old though, they got hundreds more slips than us," Jessup tried to comfort her. "You won't get picked." Birdy had almost pointed out that Katy-Jo Marsen would be eighteen someday, and have her hundred and sixty-seven slips multiplied into the thousands, the same as every other kid in a group home. The system is rigged against them, and while the odds might not be against them necessarily, they certainly aren't in their favor. She'd held her tongue though. Katy-Jo Marsen cried enough without Birdy's help. So they'd filled out their papers and handed them in, and known that when their twelfth birthdays came, their papers would be filed. The hundred and sixty-seven slips with 'Phoebe Alameda' on them concern Birdy only a little. She's more worried for her older friends. "How many you have in there this year, Jobe?" Jessup asks suddenly. "Almost five hundred," he answers simply. Katy-Jo Lewes lets out slow whistle. "Nice knowing you," Birdy adds, hoping to lighten the moment. "Oh, shut up, Bird," Jobe grumbles, kicking a rock at her. It misses widely, causing Birdy to snort. "With aim like that you should probably leave the frog gigging to others." Swearing, he aims another kick at her, but the rock misses even worse than the last. "Well, at least you won't be much of a loss." Dropping his shovel he dives at her. Laughing, Birdy dodges him, running away as he slips in the gravel, tearing his pants and skinning his knee. "Come on, Red, you need to practice if you want you survive the Arena!" Fighting down a grin, he snatches up his shovel and starts chasing after her. Despite having longer legs and bigger strides, Birdy beats him back to the home by several minutes, jumps the fence and plops onto the rotting front steps to wait and gloat. "Wash up," Lizzie tells her when she spots her after nearly ten minutes. "Momma Muetter wants all the Reaping age kids dressed and ready for bed by twenty hundred." Mumbling to herself, Birdy wades through the waist deep grass to the back of the house. Dozens of kids are at the troughs, sloshing murky water onto themselves, trying to clean their hair and faces. "Here, Birdy!" Katy-Jo Marsen waves excitedly, pointing to an open spot beside her. "Thanks," Birdy mumbles, hoisting herself up and nearly flipping into the water, only being saved by someone grabbing the back of her shirt. "I swear, you'd die without me," Katy-Jo Lewes grumbles as she pulls her back to the ground. "Probably," Birdy agrees. "Y'all finally made it back I see." Rolling her eyes, Katy-Jo Lewes scoops up some water and rubs her face clean. Half an hour later they're crammed in the big room on the bottom story of the house. The big room takes up most of the lower floor, only yielding to the kitchen in the back. It's got trampled, threadbare carpet and mold growing under the faded and peeling wallpaper, smells musky, and has no glass in any of the great windows on the north side, but Momma Muetter likes to use it for meetings. Corralling the kids in it is the only way she's guaranteed their attention. "Tomorrow you will be on you best behavior," she tells them sharply, shifting one of the toddlers on her hip. "I've got to stay here with the little ones. The Peacekeepers will be taking you and I don't have to tell you they won't be as forgiving as I am." And seeing as Momma Muetter whips them with regularity, that's not much comfort. "We've got Reaping clothes pulled out for you. I don't want any whining about them. We won't get any new clothes for another year so we just have to make do with them. I've got some thread and needles, so if you can fix them with those go right ahead." She shouts out some more news, what time they'll leave and that they need to stay in groups of four and five, before her voice softens and she smiles weakly. "I hope I see all of you back here tomorrow evening." They're sent upstairs after that, to their rooms. "Here Katy-Jo Lewes, Birdy," Lizzy Marsen says as she passes them their dresses. Bracing for the worst, Katy-Jo Lewes unfolds hers. It's not really bad, other than being faded, the trim being a bit frayed, it even fits her well when she pulls it on. Not tight or baggy. Comfortable and loose, a nice sun dress almost Feeling a bit more hopeful Momma Muetter was only trying to scare them, Birdy unfolds her dress. Her heart stops the moment it's open on her lap. She doesn't