Disclaimer: I'm just playing with Suzanne Collins' characters and her world. They're hers. Not mine. Light Yet To Be Found AN: Many thanks to FortuneFaded2012 for beta'ing. ####### Haymitch stares at the pair of cold stones in front of him. He can still remember the freshly piled dirt, now flat and covered with thin, patchy grass and more than a few weeds. He takes a long swig from his bottle and drops it. His mother hated drinking. She'd told him once his father was a drinker. That he'd blamed his need for a crutch on never knowing his own father. "That wasn't much of an excuse," she'd sighed rubbed her hands over her eyes. "Now he's dead and you boys won't know your father, but that's not an excuse to crawl in a bottle either." He wonders if she'd think getting her and Graeme killed is enough of an excuse to get falling down drunk more nights than not. She hadn't thought getting Laurel killed was reason enough, but maybe three deaths of people he loved would make his mother realize that sometimes oblivion is the only way to cope. A few more raindrops break free of the gray clouds overhead, splatter on the stones with his mother and brother's names on them, roll down the rough sides and smooth fronts, trailing lazily over the etching of their names. If he could cry he would, but he's never been much for tears and the few he had are used up already. Not at the funerals. Not out in public where the Capitol could enjoy his misery, though he's positive they still have a front row seat to his suffering, but in his room, in his empty house. The house that he'd planned on letting the two people whose stone's he's standing over now share with him. That's never going to happen though, and it's all because of him. It's been five years since the funerals, since he buried his mother and brother, and only a little longer since he'd stood next to Laurel's parents and put her in the earth, but it feels like decades. He doesn't feel like a young Victor anymore, but a very old man. This is certainly not the life of comfort and ease he'd been promised for winning the Hunger Games. If he'd just listened to that damned woman when she came to him. It had been just hours before his interview, before he was forced to watch the recap of his Games, watch the bloodbath, watch Maysilee die, watch himself be disemboweled, when she'd come into his room. She was dark haired, ashen skinned, a little hazy to Haymitch's eyes as she walked in his room. "Can I help you?" He'd asked. She wasn't garishly dressed or overly made up, so he quickly assumed she wasn't from the Capitol. "No," she finally answered as she picked up his District token, a little thin silver chain his mother had pressed on him seconds before he was taken away. "But I think I might be able to help you." "How's that?" She smiled, handed him the chain. "Do you know who I am?" Haymitch scowled at her. "A Victor." It's the only thing she could be. "But who am I?" She keeps smiling, even though it was perfectly apparent he had absolutely no idea who she was aside from a former Victor. He didn't have time for more games. He had an appearance to make, and soon, so he smirked at her. "Nobody I need to know, sweetheart." She didn't take his cool reception as a sign to leave. "You should want to know me. You're going to have to make a choice, and the sooner the better. If you listen to me, my option may just save you." It had been a long time since he'd had a good laugh. This woman looked about as likely to save him as she was to get him killed with her cryptic words and vague demeanor. "I'm serious, Haymitch," she tells him, her mouth downturned in annoyance at his dismissal of her statement. "You've made a lot of people upset with your little stunt with the force field. There'll be blood to pay, and that blood will be on your hands." He snorted at her. "What're they going to do to me? Send me back in the arena?" Years later that statement would haunt him, just like his waving off her offer of help would plague him, one just much sooner than the other. "Just because you made it out alive doesn't mean the Game is over," she cautioned him. "We're all playing still, the question now is: what piece in the Game do you want to be?" A few weeks later, Laurel was killed. A poisonous snake somehow found its way into her bedroom, and he regretted turning his back on the woman. He didn't try to make amends with her though, when he saw her in Three during his Victory Tour. Her name, it turned out, was Wiress. She shot him a few questioning looks as he gave his canned speech to the drab mass of humanity that was District Three, but she didn't speak to him again, didn't ask if he'd decided what piece of the Game he wanted to play. Then, at the end of his Tour, he met Shelly. She was clearly a Victor from Four, and if her name hadn't given it away her looks certain would've. Tanned and slim and effortlessly graceful, she'd smiled with perfectly straight teeth, artificially white, and told him that his services were needed in suite thirteen. "You'll find everything you need in the room," she told him, her smile never faltering. "Everything I need?" He'd asked. Haymitch knew better than to take directions from a stranger, even a very attractive stranger. Shelly simply chuckled. "To repay your debts, of course. Everything has a price." Especially victory. It hadn't surprise him, what was being asked of him. After Laurel's death he'd gone over Wiress' words, and Shelly finally confirmed what he had guessed about the other choice he was going to be offered. It was the choice Delmond Seward, the useless lump that had, until Haymitch's victory, been Twelve's only occupant in the Victors' Village, had made. He hadn't said as much, but when Haymitch had foolishly mentioned Wiress' visit, the old man had paled, told Haymitch he should've listened to her. "No one'll want you when they finish with you." Haymitch had crossed his arms, rolled his eyes at Shelly in her fancy dress and painful looking shoes. "I paid my debts, princess. I gave them a show. If they want a private audience with me they'll have to send someone a little more persuasive than you." She'd grinned, made a disapproving noise as she stood. "For your sake, I hope you change your mind before I get down this hall." He hadn't, of course, and the moment he stepped off the train in his home district one of his friends, a boy he doesn't even see anymore, had come running to him, cold fear in his eyes. There had been a fire, and Haymitch arrived just in time to see his childhood home, the one he'd been trying to convince his mother to move out of and come live with him, collapse in on itself in a burning mess. When they finally got the fire out, pulled his mother and Graeme's bodies out, Haymitch had lost the ability to speak. He almost put himself out of his misery. The only thing that stopped him were Wiress' words. " What piece in the Game do you want to be?" He told her the next year exactly what piece he wanted to be, as they sat in the wake of their Tributes' deaths in a grimy bar at the center of Capitol. "I want to help bring them down," he told her. "And the sooner the better." Wiress and her friend, another Victor from Three, a twitchy man named Beetee, exchanged a look. Haymitch thought they might've changed their minds about helping him, or more likely, letting him help them. He hadn't exactly been his normally charming self the year before. After several silent seconds, though, Wiress turned back to him. "You'll have to use that patience of yours, young man." She took a deep breath. "This is a long game we're playing. Don't expect a quick Capitol-style ending. We don't have all our pieces yet." His part wasn't much, or at least didn't feel like much. He was clever, or so Wiress thought, and all he had to do was watch. "It's like a game of chess," Beetee had explained, more than once. "We have to find the right moves and we have to make them with the right pieces at the right time or we'll lose more than we can afford." "We need to cultivate a Tribute, a Volunteer. One that will inspire the Districts and pull at the empty hearts of the Capitol," Wiress told him. "But before we do that we have to practice our moves. Make sure we can sway the masses to our liking. Do you understand?" It would've saved them a lot of time to be straightforward. They had devices to keep the Capitol from listening in on them, why they didn't just use the damned things and tell him and everyone else what the end of their long game was, Haymitch didn't know. Maybe they weren't as confident in their toys as they so often seemed. Still, Haymitch understood, and he had nothing better to do than wait and watch. All he had was time it seemed. So for five long years he's played his part, waited and watched, passed along notes, helped Wiress and Beetee and the other head cases in the 'Scouts', the Victors that lacked the physical draw to make the government money, but paid their debt with their minds, try to figure out what moves they wanted to make next, what strategy they wanted to test. He's happy not to be a part of either of the groups. They're miserable, more than he is, even if their misery is shared among them. Haymitch has the rather dubious gift of being both among and apart from the 'scouts' and the 'bought and sold' of the Victors. Being alone has given him time to drink, time to let his anger simmer, time to plot. Mostly, though, it's been drinking. Not being in the haze of a drink meant having to think about how he could've saved his mother and brother. Laurel had been a hopeless case, she was the Capitol's jab at him for using the force field in a way they hadn't meant it to be used, but his mother and brother had been retaliation for what he'd refused to become. Maybe if he'd listened to Wiress, let her help him as she'd claimed she could, he could've saved them. It burns him a little, that she might've been the one that determined that his best punishment was to take his family and Laurel from him, but he can't find it in himself to hate her. Wiress was playing her part, making the moves she needed to in order to keep her loved ones safe, and he couldn't hate her for that, not really. He doesn't like her though. He accepts that she is what she is, a creature that's surviving to the best of its ability, like a wild animal that lashes out when provoked. She's neither his friend nor his enemy, just another part of the never-ending game he's trapped in. Rubbing his hand down his face, he wipes away some of the flecks of rain that have come down on him. He'd known it had looked like rain when he stumbled out of his house, but he hadn't cared enough to grab the umbrella he'd stolen from the ditzy escort Thisba at the