Just A Girl Disclaimer: Don't own anything. Summary: Bella gets a new English teacher. It changes everything. New Moon AU. Imprint. It was two o'clock and Bella was chewing on her lip, anxious to get out of English class. She had taken the motorbikes to Jacob's mere days ago and was desperate to start riding – desperate to start feeling something. Of course, while Jacob was confident in his ability to repair the motorbikes, he always had confessed it may take time – weeks – until they were road-ready. Bella didn't know if she could wait that long. When she had first looked at the bikes, she had thought only of the danger – only of the possibility of Edward's voice caressing her ear once more. However, the more she sat thinking of the faded red paint on the motorbike that Jacob had teasingly proclaimed hers – the more girly of the two, he had said – she discovered this little twinge in her gut. The desire to do something. The desire to be free. All this time she had existed desperate in her pain, but also, somehow, masochistically enjoying it. Her pain meant that it had happened. If she stopped feeling it – if this hole in her chest started to scab over – that meant that Edward was right. That time healed all wounds. That she would forget him. She didn't want to forget him. English was the only class that Bella paid any attention to anymore. All the others she would follow along, on auto-pilot, holding her hands across her chest like her ribcage could no longer contain the seeping visages of her heart. She maintained her grade point average, only because she had lost the ability to sleep for longer than two hours, consecutively. Bella had always been a reader. She used to read three books a week; long books, three-hundred or five-hundred page novels. Sometimes she would read a book so many times that the spine would crack and she would tape it back together. When she moved here, when she suddenly had the barest hint of a social life, even if it was vampires, all of her books she had painstakingly dragged to Forks sat unread, coated with dust. Forks High had recruited a new English teacher – a Lucia Holston – after the last one suddenly won the Powerball and headed off to Finland. It had been a huge gossip a few months ago, as she had come in half-term, fresh from university. Bella hadn't formed many opinions. In fact, she was grateful that Ms. Holston felt the need to leave the classics behind this term. The idea of having to read Romeo and Juliet again made Bella physically ill. However, it wasn't really the particular subject that kept Bella paying attention in English. There was something different about Ms. Holston. And it wasn't a supernatural different, either. She wasn't remarkably pretty or anything – pale skin, red hair, and hips that carried just a little too much – but there was something about her intensity, her enthusiasm for her subject that made Bella want to sit up and pay attention. Today, however, was another matter. She was expected at Jacob's after school to start looking over the motorbikes. He had said he'd give them a glace over after she'd left a few days ago, but somehow she felt like his enthusiasm would be increased if she was there enforcing it. She felt guilty, using his crush on her to her own advantage – especially when she wasn't paying him. Not that she hadn't tried. It was obvious that he was hoping something more out of this. Bella thought it was obvious that she had nothing more to give. But Jacob had pounced on that twinge in her gut – the desire of freedom. As much as she hid inside of her pain, clung to it like a crutch, she was desperate to walk on both of her feet again. "Okay, before we head out, I've got an exciting project going on. It's not mandatory – nor with it give you extra-credit. But I'd really appreciate it if you would participate." Ms. Holston looked straight on to the disgruntled looks of the Bella's full English class. "I have arranged a type of anonymous communication between Forks High and La Push High by forging a connection with their English teacher, Mr. Polcyn. We think it would be wonderful to unite a group of kids to see past cultural differences. It will be just like having a pen pal. You would receive a number instead of a name to represent the person you are paired with – it would be the same for them, they can only identify you with a number unless you volunteer your personal information. All the mailing would go through me – if you have a letter ready, you would seal it in an envelope, write the number of your partner on the cover where the mailing address would go and your number where the sender's address goes and I will make sure it gets to them." Ms. Holston shifted, leaning against the front of her desk. "I really think this would be a fantastic opportunity for some of you. Friends are hard to make for some – other times, it helps to talk about certain things to people who don't know you. It can be a very freeing experience and a great way for self-expression." Bella had zoned out half way through her speech. Back in Phoenix, they came up with these projects all the time – talking about interracial communication and respect for other's culture. Some had been focused on the prevention of suicide and self-harm. All of them had failed spectacularly when they found out literally no high school student actually wanted to write down their deepest secrets to strangers. Especially if there wasn't complete assurance that it would remain anonymous. Bella had never participated in any of these projects in Phoenix and had no desire to participate now. Some things had changed tremendously for her. Others had not. "If you're interested, please stay behind class or catch me whenever. You guys probably remember my schedule better than I do." Ms. Holston laughed a soft, giggly sort of laugh and most of the class gave fleeting smiles. Bella's eyes focused on the clock. The bell rang and Bella jumped up, shoving papers into her bag with a quick efficiency. When she turned around, there were a few people talking with Mrs. Holston, who was handing out forms of some sort. Bella brushed past them to the door. "Bella?" Ms. Holston's voice stopped her. It had been forever since a teacher had actively tried to communicate with her. Bella turned around, confused, holding her arms over her stomach. "Would you stay behind for a minute?' Bella nodded, pausing at the doorframe. The several students looked between the teacher and Bella with ample curiosity. Bella ignored them. She had turned in her last English paper, hadn't she? It had been on some mainstream novel…about wizards or something. She could remember typing it. Even printing it. The few students passed by her, silent. Bella felt their stares and her self-consciousness increased ten-fold. When they left, she stepped up to Ms. Holston's desk. "Did I do something wrong?" Bella asked, her voice slightly rough from disuse. Her arms tightened around her abdomen. Ms. Holston smiled. "No, of course not. You've turned in some impressive work, Bella. I think you could have a future in English." "Thank you." Bella felt, for the first time in a long time, blood rush to her cheeks. She didn't smile. Ms. Holston gave a small sigh. Bella shifted uncomfortably, her backpack digging into her shoulder. "The thing is, Bella, you're a bright student. But you lack motivation. I think this project would be really good for you. I've spoken with Mr. Polcyn from La Push about some of their students and there are some that also have great potential in pursuing careers in writing. I would like to connect you with one of them, anonymously, of course. We would follow all the rules of our pen pal project, but I would make sure to pair you up with someone who has a high proficiency in English." "I don't think…" Bella bit her lip. She greatly disliked the idea of having to write to a stranger. Write anything, really. The idea of even attempting to compose a letter to someone made her chest hurt. What would you talk about? If they don't know who you are, in a small town like this, you'd have to be very careful not to give too much information. Especially since everyone in this town knew Charlie, and therefore 'knew' her. Besides, she had always been an awful conversationalist. "Please, Bella. If you decide that you'd like to stop sending letters, that's okay. But I'd really like you to try." Ms. Holston's eyebrows were pulled together. She looked so genuine. Suddenly, Bella thought she was going to cry. Everyone had given up on her. Well, mostly everyone. Jacob seemed to have hope. But Charlie started pretending she didn't exist. She knew, rationally, that she had started pretending he didn't exist first – that he had tried, really tried, to get her to be a person again. But she hadn't; she had fallen in too deep and there was no one throwing her a life-jacket anymore. "I'm not… I'm not really good at talking to people." Bella shifted her weight, uncomfortable. She wanted this teacher to leave her alone, desperately. However, there was this smaller part that didn't. That wanted Ms. Holston to press it. That wanted Ms. Holston to make her participate. "That's the thing, Bella." Ms. Holston grinned, all of her teeth flashing. "You won't have to talk to anyone. All you have to do is write." Jacob's makeshift garage was comfortable. Probably the most comfortable place that Bella had been since the Cullens left. There was a ratty old couch shoved into the corner and that had officially become Bella's spot. Jacob camped out on the floor, body twisted in many interesting way as he dug around on the motorbikes, twisting and tweaking. He explained what he was doing a lot of the time, keeping up a steady chatter that made Bella relax. He never asked questions, but he had a way of leaving his sentences open ended that suggested Bella always had an opportunity to respond. If she wanted to. It was nice. Really nice. And Jacob never seemed to resent her company. She knew she wasn't the best person to hang around with, but Jacob never accused her of anything. Never forced her to participate. And somehow, that made her want to give him something. A little hope, maybe, that she was still alive, somewhere, around those sharp edges of the blackness that had become her chest. And Jacob made her feel a little better. It had been almost two weeks since she had found the motorbikes. Jacob had worked diligently, but also slowly. Part of Bella wondered if he was drawing it out for a particular reason. Part of Bella wondered if the motorbikes were just that bad off. But it was Thursday today and that's the reason she had her notebook open, a pen in hand. When she had agreed to participate in the pen pal project between Forks High and La Push High, Ms. Holston had shoved the paperwork through, promoting the project with copious amounts of enthusiasm that made Bella feel slightly faint. Today, Ms. Holston had given her the identification number of the student that she would be writing to and said that she expected a letter from Bella to send on tomorrow – Friday. The problem was, Bella had no idea what to say. "Whatcha doing?" Jacob asked, looking up from where he was twisting something on the side of the black motorbike