Chapter 1 - The very long summer Notes on this fic are at the bottom of the chapter. Enjoy! INITIAL DISCLAIMER: I do not own the rights to Arda or any of the characters contained therein. This story is intended for non-commercial purposes andy is not an attempt to take credit for anything created by the marvellous J.R.R. Tolkien himself. 7 th January, 2016. Winter Newhall felt her stomach twist in anticipation. One finger hovered over the left-click on the mouse. Across the hall, the clock ticked. Measuring time. Crawling. What have you got to lose, really? The girl shrugged slightly to herself, eyes scanning over the webpage one last time. She sat half-hunched over the desktop computer, the mouse cursor lingering near the "Submit" button. Brisk footsteps in the hall caused her to jab the mouse before she could change her mind. Seconds later, she read the message on the screen with a mixture of trepidation and relief: Thank you for submitting your application. The Arda Exchange Program is delighted to receive your expression of interest. Should your application pass our first round of screening, one of our assessment officers will be in contact with you via email in the next 7 days. Winter grimaced slightly, and rose. Well, she'd done it. "Winter?" came her mother's voice. "Yeah?" the girl replied, rising and stretching. With one hand, she pushed a thick, lustrous mass of red hair over her left shoulder and turned to greet her parent. Mrs. Ada Newhall moved forward briskly. She was a tall woman, though her daughter surpassed her by an inch or so in height. Everything about her movement was quick, efficient and purposeful. Like all of her offspring, she had thick, ruddy locks and creamy skin. Observers frequently remarked that Ada Newhall was a mirror image of what her daughter would look like in twenty-odd years. Winter, meeting the grey-blue eyes identical to her own, always considered it a compliment. "Any luck with job applications?" Ada asked in her crisp, British accent. Winter gave a half-hearted smile and glanced shiftily at the computer screen. Fortunately, she'd instinctively closed the webpage, and her gaze returned to her mother's. "I've seen a few things, but it's too early to say. I've gotta wait and hear back from people," she replied vaguely. Ada, at least, was satisfied by that comment. "I'm glad you're doing something about it," she nodded and patted her daughter's arm. "Sometimes, Winter, you're so unmotivated. If you don't watch out, you'll be fifty and still living at home." Leaving her daughter to process the unintentional barb, Ada smiled and bustled toward the kitchen. Winter raised an eyebrow to herself after her mother's back was turned. Gee thanks, mum. Switching the computer monitor and the overhead fan off, Winter slipped out of the study and back to her room. She could hear her mother continuing with dinner preparations. It was hard to reconcile that it was nearly seven o'clock in the evening with the bright sunny sky and stifling heat. Brisbane summers were hot, humid, and long, particularly when her mother refused point-blank to get air-conditioning. Ada's English accent was still as crisp and starched as when she'd migrated to Australia as a seventeen-year-old, but she seemed to relish the heat more than her Queenslander husband. Winter sighed as she flopped on her bed and stared at the ceiling. Dinner would be in an hour or so. And Howard would be home, fortunately. Dinnertimes were quiet and dull without Howard. Jeremiah was so busy with his studies that he didn't make for much conversation, and Winter was never really up to the task of initiating any. Her father was usually preoccupied with work, and Ada had long since ceased attempts to interest her husband and children in her studies at the university. Winter knew she ought to care more, but Ada's PhD in Art History seemed duller than ditch water. Besides, Winter had had enough of hearing about study for the foreseeable future. Four years of a physiotherapy degree had made her rather glad to leave the big sandstone columns of the University of Queensland behind her, as beautiful as it was. She'd graduated just before Christmas the year before. Winter was profoundly glad to wrap up the long study period, move out of her on-campus residential college and prepare for "proper" adulthood. Sure, she was moving back in with her parents. Ye-es , she was a 22-year-old grown woman and didn't have a place of her own. Maybe she hadn't ever done her own cooking. That was all right. She'd learn, she'd get a job as soon as possible, and she'd leave Brisbane's tropical climate far behind her. Yep. That was the plan. Trouble was, Winter admitted ruefully as she lay on her bed, all of those things required her to exert effort. And effort was in short supply these days, particularly with the hazy summer heat. University was a string of passes. College gee-up events were something to be circumvented. Her mother's lectures were accepted with a nod and negligible action. She wanted to claim independence and move forward with purpose. Heck, if she could harness the amount of intentionality in her mother's right pinkie finger, Winter was sure she'd get exponentially more done with her free time. As it was, she spent her days half-heartedly researching physiotherapy positions and filling the house with the sound of her banjo. It was enjoyable enough, more enjoyable than the discomfort of uprooting. You applied for the Arda Exchange though, didn't you? Winter's stomach lurched and she sat up. Impulse decision , she dismissed uncertainly. Besides, I'll never get it. You have to have more than a casual interest in Lord of the Rings to be accepted to the program. That was true enough, she assured herself. Still, she wasn't sure if her knowledge of the Tolkien legendarium could quite be called "casual". I can always say no, even if I make it through the initial screening. I never should have applied. A year away from home? In another universe? That was stupid. Mum and Dad'd never let me go either. If I get an email I'll just tell them it was a mistake. Never should've applied… wasting their time, really. But I can tell them that. It'll be fine. No need to tell Mum. She'd have a fit. No. It'll be ok. Nodding to herself, Winter rose and moved to where the Banjo rested in its stand in the corner of her room. Grasping its neck and settling down with her back against her bedframe, she began to play. She caressed the strings with nimble fingers, and soon a rousing melody joined the steady clicking of the overhead fan. "What did you do today, Howard?" smiled Ada, passing the green glass salad bowl across to her eldest son. Winter turned to her brother as he shrugged in response and began dishing himself out some lettuce. "Not much, Mum. Work was good, got plenty done at the office. That woman in the next cubicle who clicks her pen non-stop is away for a few days, so I got a bit of peace," he grinned good-naturedly, gaze flicking from mother to sister across the table. Both smiled in response. "That's wonderful, dear," Ada replied, whilst Winter quipped under her breath, "Maybe she's being treated for a repetitive stress injury." Howard's eyes flicked suspiciously to Winter, and he fought hard to keep from laughing. "And how's the holidays going, Jem?" he pressed onwards, attempting to distract himself from Winter's quasi-innocent expression. Both turned to survey the youngest Newhall child, Jeremiah. He would start Year 11 at the end of January. At sixteen, he combined Winter's introverted tendencies with their father's seriousness and usually spent the family mealtimes wearing a slight frown as if he mentally working through a mathematical equation "Alright," Jeremiah replied after a pause. "Just working through some practice QCS papers." "What?" laughed Howard. "Already?" "Well, Howard, you know he's only got about a year and a half till his final exams," Winter put in, innocent as can be. Fortunately, the well-disguised sarcasm was lost on both Jeremiah and Ada, as the latter nodded vigorously. "Yes, he's preparing in good time, aren't you Jem?" she said proudly. The boy looked from one to the other of them in slight bewilderment, as if overcome by the number of people addressing him. "Sure, Mum," he said, spearing a cherry tomato and putting it into his mouth before anyone else could ask him a question. Howard grinned, seeming to realise that was about all they'd get out of their young brother. "How're things with Claire?" All eyes turned to the head of the table. Peter Newhall's deep baritone voice was rarely involved in the mealtime discussions. He had an odd sense of humour, and Winter knew he preferred to sit silently and observe the family dynamic. His twinkling eyes bestowed their approval for Winter's subtle antics, before turning to Howard to answer the question. "Good," the latter replied, happily. "She's looking forward to the wedding almost as much as I am." "You ought to have invited her for dinner," Ada chastised him. "It's been far too long since I last saw Claire!" "Only a few weeks, Mum," Howard reminded her. "It cannot be only that long, it feels far longer," protested Ada, and Winter marked the contrast between her mother's sharp English and the relaxed Australian dialect of the rest of the family. It was never so obvious as at mealtimes, when they all gathered together. "She was here for Christmas," protested Howard, with a laugh. Ada eventually conceded. "I suppose you are right, but she should still come and visit soon, if she can." A brief silence ensued. Howard met Winter's gaze and grinned. She merely arched her eyebrows in response, spearing some cucumber and a piece of steak on her fork and popping it into her mouth. "You been applying for jobs, Win?" Taking her time swallowing, Winter nodded. "Yeah." "Anything good?" "I dunno how good any job is when it involves massaging old peoples' backs," she retorted lightly, "but yeah, there are some that look promising." "In Brissy?" "Nah, Sydney or Melbourne, mostly. Blame Mum and Dad, they're the one that called me Winter and then planted me in the sub-tropics. I'm itching to head somewhere that's cold for more than a month." Like Gondor. It's cooler there. Stop it. Howard acknowledged her point. "It is warm up here. It'll be sad not to have you settled nearby, though. Claire and I found a really nice place in Annerley we're hoping to buy after the wedding. We could've done dinners together some nights if you'd been in Brissy." "Whereabouts in Annerley?" inquired Peter, speaking for an uncharacteristic second time during the meal. Winter allowed her father and brother to branch off from her job-hunt, glad not to be subject to any further questions. She had truly looked at jobs in Sydney or Melbourne, preferring the slightly cooler climates. Still, the Arda Exchange application made her feel rather silly, and she didn't want that to come out mid-meal with her mother present. Whilst the two men talked real estate, Ada turned to probe Jeremiah a little further on his scholastic endeavours. Winter used the opportunity to finish off her meal, feeling vaguely sympathetic towards her reserved brother as Ada pressed him about past QCS tests and his future aspirations. Leave him be, Mum. Goodness, I didn't know what I wanted to be until I got accepted to physio and just decided to do it. He's sixteen. He'll figure it out. Jeremiah was looking distinctly uncomfortable, his creamy skin beginning to flush almost as red as his hair. Like Winter, he had a smooth, fair complexion and true orange-red hair, like their mother. Howard had the same ruddy locks, but, along with Peter, sported a dusting of freckles. Their father was the odd one out, his bristly