In the Arms of Her Dragon "Why're you crying?" Draco whispered, sitting down beside Hermione in a deserted Great Hall. Looking up at him with puffy eyes, she admitted what happened earlier at the Gryffindor Tower. Without a moment's hesitation, he wrapped an arm around her shoulders and said: "Come on, you're spending the night in the Slytherin dungeon. With me." .xx. Sitting in the kitchen of her quaint little home, Hermione Granger was pouring over her favourite book, Hogwarts: A History , trying to find double meanings behind the words that were permanently etched engrained in her brain. Just a few steps away her beloved mother, Jean Granger, was preparing a filling breakfast consisting of eggs, bacon, hash brown, and orange juice. "Mum," Hermione called out, chewing on the back of a pencil, "do you want to look over this passage for me? I believe there is a double meaning but … I'm not too sure." Only the Hermione Granger, smartest witch of her time, would read a piece of text that she had read countless times over eight years to look for a double meaning. Glancing over her shoulder, Jean hid a warm smile. Ever since her memories had been returned and she and her husband moved back from Australia, her daughter Hermione had made every attempt to bring their day-to-day life back to a norm. Normalcy involved: asking her mother for intellectual help, and helping her father with hard labour around the house. In the three short weeks that she had been home, Hermione helped her father repair two toilets and helped her mother finish a business-oriented dentistry book. As Jean moved to put her spatula down a familiar owl flew in threw the kitchen window, dropped a letter onto Hermione's head, and perched on Jean's shoulder. Glaring at the owl, Hermione picked up the rolled up parchment as her mother began cooing and trying to feed the owl some eggs. "You're such a cutie, Bubo Bubo," she spoke in baby-talk. "Such a cuuuuutie." "Mum!" Hermione scolded. "That owl is a menace." "No he isn't!" Jean defended. "This poor owl flies through London to drop you off a letter. Least we can do is give him a cracker… or eggs ." Hermione rolled his eyes. "I'm pretty sure it gets enough crackers at the Malfoy Manor." Jean ignored her daughter and continued to feed the little owl. It was a weekly tradition that began just short of three weeks ago; Hermione had send an owl to Draco Malfoy (it had been near impossible to get a hold of an owl, but she had managed to call Harry's aunt and uncle to get a hold of Harry so he could get a hold of Ron to send her one of his spare owls). Draco had replied with his personal owl, Bubo Bubo, and the thing had taken a liking to Hermione's mother immediately. Now-a-days it lounged around patiently until Hermione wrote her response and sent it back to the Manor. Apparently, from what Hermione had learned, the longer she waited to write the letter, the happier both her mother and the owl were. "What did he write to you this week, darling?" Jean inquired, watching her daughter scan over the parchment. Hermione looked over at her mother. "He's telling me that he's going to Diagon Alley in a few weeks' time to get his measurements for his robes and buy new cauldrons. Hmm… never thought he was one to be on top of things." Jean laughed. "You never know, dear, you never know… are you writing back to him soon?" "Tonight, maybe." Hermione smiled and rolled her eyes. "You have your time with that flying rat; I'll go look at my book upstairs." "Here!" Jean handed her daughter a plate. "Have breakfast too! And remember, we're headed in to the city today. Your father really wants a new toolbox. Lord only knows why." Laughing, Hermione kissed her mother's cheek and glared at the owl before retreating to her room upstairs. Closing the door behind her, she threw herself onto her bed and stared at the third letter she'd received from Draco Malfoy since the Wizarding War. They weren't exactly friends , but they had gotten past the stage of acquaintances. In his previous letter, he coined them to be "frenemies." Liking the term, Hermione went with it. Granger, I don't understand why I keep owling you, but for some unknown reason I can't stop. I don't owl just anybody ; not even my fellow Slytherins so consider you lucky. Like I said before, numerous times, I couldn't stand by and watch Bellatrix Crucio you. Yes, we haven't been on speaking terms for the better part of seven years but I could hardly see you being put under one of the three Unforgiveable Curses. So, let us put that in the past and move on now, shall we? You mentioned your mum? So I take it you brought your mum and dad back from Australia. That's… good, I suppose. I don't have any more to say about that so please excuse my lack of emotion. My mother wants to take the three of us on vacation so I will be heading to Diagon Alley next week to get supplies for school. While I'm away on vacation, I won't be owling anybody. Not even you. Draco Malfoy P.S: I don't know what the heck you're feeding my owl, but it gained at least five pounds. Stop feeding my owl! Hermione shook her head and threw the letter onto the other two letters she had from him. Who was she kidding—why did she even decide to thank him for saving her life?! It was evident that he didn't even want to put in an effort so who was she to try. Grabbing the six letters she had in the box called Letters from Malfoy , Hermione flopped back down onto her bed and picked up the first letter he sent her; a response to what she had written to him. Three weeks ago, Hermione Granger wrote a letter that went something like... Dear Malfoy; I know this may be an unusual owl for you. I mean I know I would be rather curious and worried if I was to be receiving an owl from you (as you have been a formidable enemy for the better part of six years) but I had to contact you. I wanted to thank you for what you did; for saving me when we were at your Manor. I couldn't say that I was expecting you to help, but to be truthfully honest; I thought you were going to stand there. Perhaps cheer Bellatrix on. Is that awful of me? But really, can you blame me? I don't know why you did it, and neither am I going to dwell on what brought you to throw yourself in front of the Crucio, but I just wanted to let you know that I am eternally grateful and I owe you my life. Although you probably could care less about what I have to say, I am still going to say it. You aren't an evil man, Draco. You have a heart and I want to thank you for finding a place for me in there, however little that place may be, to save my life. Forever in your debt, Hermione Granger His response to her had been curt. But she didn't lose heart. Granger, I couldn't watch you being tortured. That was it. There is no place in my heart for you, whatever that is supposed to mean. I'm sure you would've done the same for me. Maybe. Draco Malfoy So she had replied to him with a tone she had hoped to make him feel slightly bad for how he wrote her his letter. It worked. A little. Dear Malfoy, Whether you agree or not, I do believe that you care even if it is in the slightest. Though I don't know if I can say the same about my friends (you know who I'm speaking of), but I do know that you couldn't bear to see what was happening. I am simply thanking you for what you have done—isn't it about time that we moved past this bickering acquaintance stage and call this something a bit more? I doubt there will be any rivalry between us, mostly due to the fact that Voldemort is defeated. Sincerely, Hermione Again, he had replied curtly, much to her disdain. Granger, Fine. You are welcome. And no, we aren't friends. Maybe we aren't enemies but we most definitely aren't friends. I'll call it frenemies, for now, but that isn't written in stone. And even if, by chance, there is a place for you somewhere in my heart – IF there is, it's REALLY miniscule, just so you know – there is no chance in hell that Potter and Weasley will weasel their way in to the far dark corners of my heart… or any part of me, for that matter. I am genuinely appalled that you'd even entertain such thought. I presumed you to be the smart one of the three. Way to prove me wrong. On another note, being put under the Crucio by Bellatrix wasn't that bad. Remember, I'm a Malfoy. We're invincible. Draco Malfoy She replied to him, which was the last letter she had sent prior to his most current response. Malfoy, I didn't say that Harry and Ron would be lucky enough to 'weasel' (I see what you did there, not funny, Malfoy) their way in to your heart. Honestly, you should be more careful when you read letters, lest you read it wrong and interpret it differently. All I'm trying to convey here is that I cannot be thankful enough for what you did. Your sarcasm won't work with me, you most certainly did not enjoy being put under the Crucio but I will humour you. In any case, I will never forget what you did for as long as I shall live. Apart from that, my mum loves your owl. Personally, I think it's a flying rat but who am I to judge. Everybody is under the impression that my cat is squished… Anyway, I honestly don't know what else to write so I shall end it here. Take care, Hermione She skimmed over the most recent letter he sent before throwing all the letters onto the floor. She realized how desperate she may have come across in her letters but what else was she to do? Draco Malfoy had thrown himself in front of the Unforgiveable Curse his Aunt had aimed at Hermione. Closing her eyes, she could vividly remember the look of murder written across Bellatrix's face, the look of horror in Draco's eyes, the pang of fear when Bellatrix raised her wand, and the sense of confusion and shock when Draco threw himself in front of the wave of magic. Hermione was stunned and watched Draco fight the effects of the curse, trying to ask his aunt to stop. The craziness that had swept over Bellatrix, however, seemed impenetrable. Feeling weak, Hermione had fumbled to find her wand which had fallen out of her hand at some point. She had to stop Bellatrix—she had to save Draco who had just saved her. That was when Narcissa reacted, making a move towards her sister with her wand pointing up. "LET HIM GO, BELLATRIX!" Narcissa had roared before casting the Expelliarmus. Bellatrix flew backwards and Draco had been released from the deadly pain. As Narcissa had gone to attack her sister for hurting her son, Hermione cradled an injured Draco in her arms. Neither of the two wanted to admit it, but they had formed some sort of bond that night. He had saved her life… and she was there to hold him when he was hurt. Curling up into a tight ball, Hermione let sleep consume her once more. Her