DISCLAIMER: I am not Stephenie Meyer (characters) or VC Andrews (plot inspiration via her book Dawn ). Full Summary: Edward is no stranger to new towns and new schools. In his seventeen years, he's been dragged all across the country by his parents, Peter and Liz Masen. With no siblings, no real friends, and no place to truly call "home," Edward gets used to living life as a solitary teenager--until he moves to Washington. There he meets the Cullens and their friends—a beautiful, brilliant group of people who are both rejected and revered by their classmates. Edward reluctantly finds himself growing to like these people more and more...and finds himself having friends and, for the first time, feeling like he belongs. But just when everything settles down, his world is torn apart by a long-kept secret and an ongoing betrayal that will leave him questioning everything he's ever known. Updated: 2/6/10: Thank you to ToTheEights at for the new summary. Thanks to Bridget for being my beta. Thanks to Lee723, Annetteskitty, Forever_Liz, Megsly07, and BQOTFU for the opinions and pre-reading throughout. Thank you to all of you who have decided to start my story. It started back in October 2008 and is still ongoing. I keep getting more and more alerts from but not many reviews from new readers. I don't know where you keep hearing about my story, but I love to hear from my readers! The first 10-12 chapters are a little rusty--I fully admit it. I had just started writing again and after about chapter 12 I think I got better or a tad more secure in my writing or something. I also switched to a different beta after chapter 7 and she's an English teacher. Legacy was nominated in the 2010 Winter Bellie Award's category for "Emmett You Want as Your Brother". My name is Edward Anthony Masen. I'm entering my senior year of high school in a little nothing town of Forks, Washington. Never heard of it? Neither did I until my father accepted a job at Forks High School. He's the new head janitor. Excuse me, Head Custodian. I stopped being embarrassed by my father's jobs long ago. It was a job that gave us a roof over our heads and brought food home to the kitchen table. That was, if we had a kitchen table. Our living arrangements weren't always the best. We always settled in a tiny, cramped apartment or a tiny, cramped house. There were times that we only had one bedroom so I had to sleep in the living room, on the couch. That was, if we had a couch. If I was really lucky, the couch was a pull out and had that middle bar that dug into my lanky frame and gave me a backache while I slept. I'm being sarcastic. I do that. The important thing was that my family was together, however small of a unit we might be. My family consisted of myself, my father Peter and my mother Elizabeth. I know they both wanted better for me. They were both uneducated, blue collar workers who took whatever jobs they could. Dad frequently worked in menial labor jobs such as a custodian or groundskeeping. Mom always seemed to take jobs at a grocery store or restaurant. We really lucked out with our house in Forks. We settled into a very nice mostly furnished two bedroom house. Well, it was nice to us anyway. It was a little battered and worse for wear. To be honest with you, it was the worst looking house on the block. I had my own bedroom but I didn't have a bed. I had a mattress on the floor that was more comfortable than a pull out couch. The realtor told my parents that the last people were evicted and had left all their belongings. It was going to take another two days to get a cleaning crew to clean and remove all the previous tenants' belongings. My mother told the realtor that we had nothing and that we could use any furniture that was left behind. The realtor, who must have pitied us, sent over a cleaning crew and said we could keep anything we wanted. We threw out a dresser in my room because it was full of mice shit. I febreezed the hell out of my mattress, put two sets of sheets on it and slept on top of the covers. It was heaven to have some privacy. My parents lucked out and had a squeaky old bed frame and a mice shit free dresser. The living room had a couch, coffee and end tables, lamps that flickered when you turned them on and an old, lime green shag rug. I felt like I had tripped back to the 70s but missed out on the trip itself. The kitchen was also old, but everything worked. The oven matched the living room rug while the refrigerator was a dull, ugly yellow. The knobs on the sink came off if you turned them too hard. The bathroom looked horrible but everything worked. The toilet had rust stains on the inside. If we had a pet I wouldn't let them drink out of the toilet. The shower was moldy before the cleaning crew, and my mother, attacked it with a lot of elbow grease. I think it freaked my parents out a bit that I was in my last year of high school. I had started mentioning college and it worried them. I knew they had no money for my college education. I really didn't expect their help. I knew they had a hard time just paying the rent and electric bills. I had anticipated getting a job, somewhere, doing something because I had no real skills, and attending a community college. I hoped to get a scholarship to help along the way. My grades were great, I had a 3.9 GPA. Who the hell was I kidding? I might be able to struggle through a year or two of community college. After that? I was destined to be a blue collar worker, just like my parents. I had dreams of being a doctor, a concert pianist or a composer. They were stupid, fucking dreams. That's all they were ever going to be. I was stuck and I knew it. I didn't have to fucking like it though. I accepted it nevertheless. "Edward, you're going to be late for the bus!" I snapped out the fog I was in. Grabbing my sweatshirt and backpack, I left the confines of my bedroom. The bathroom was next to my room and my parents' room was on the opposite side of the short hallway. I turned right, took a few steps and found myself in the kitchen. I threw my backpack on to the kitchen table and pulled the navy blue sweatshirt over my head. I was not dressing to impress anyone at my new school. It was already the end of September. Cliques had formed and friendships were made. I was just there to learn, maybe finish the school year and get the hell out of there. Fuck, if I wanted to impress anyone at school I couldn't anyway. My clothes were well worn, sometimes too small for my tall frame and desperately needed to be replaced. My mother shoved two pieces of toast wrapped in a paper towel at me. Mmm, breakfast. "As soon as your father is paid I can get some better groceries." Mom looked at me apologetically. "I'm going to apply at the Thriftway today. Maybe they give employee discounts." "Good luck, Ma." I gave her a quick kiss on the cheek and headed to the front door. "Thanks, Edward. Have a good day at school!" I grabbed my gray wool coat and closed the front door behind me to find my father sitting in our station wagon. "Sure you don't want a ride? After all, we're going to the same place." He half smiled at me out the crooked window. I quickly weighed my options. I could be stuck in a cramped bus with a bunch of hormonal, idiotic teenagers that I didn't know and didn't want to know. Or, I could ride in an old decrepit, rusty station wagon with dad and have everyone know my father worked at the school. Oh, what the hell. I jumped in the passenger seat. I unwrapped my toast and was surprised to find butter and strawberry jam on it. The slices were faced together, like a sandwich. "Oh, jam." I stupidly muttered out loud. I took a bite and was surprised that it tasted quite good. "Tasty, huh?" My dad continued to look straight toward at the road. "Thanks for not giving your mom a hard time. It's killing the both of us that we don't have a lot of groceries right now." "S'kay." I told him before taking another bite. "Do you know if I qualified for free or discounted lunch?" "I believe you qualified for free lunch." He shrugged his shoulders. "When you go to the office they should have the information for you. If you have any problems just come and find me. I have a few bucks on me just in case. I don't want you to go hungry." The rest of the ride was spent mostly in silence. I took in the scenery while my father drove. We reached the school and he parked in the employee lot. Dad thought he should have dropped me off somewhere else, somewhere less embarrassing. I told him it didn't matter. And it didn't, the kids would know that he was my father one way or another. It always happened. I walked around to the main entrance and through the maze of teenagers that had congregated on the sidewalk. The whoosh of the airbrakes on a bus in the bus loop startled me out of my day dreaming. I found the main office and was instructed to go to the guidance office. Once there, I received my class schedule. I had to ask about lunch and my counselor rechecked my file and dug out a lunch card for me. If I had any problems with it, I was to tell the cafeteria staff that I just received it today and I may not be in the system. I was to tell them my guidance counselors name but once I walked out of the office I no longer knew it. Most of the morning passed by slowly and methodically. My classes bored me for the most part since I had already done some of the work. I wish I knew what the other kids thought once I walked into the classroom. I had to go directly to the teacher's desk and tell them I was the new kid. In English, I walked down the aisle to a desk in the back. One girl looked at me and I heard her whisper, "Fresh meat." Okay, maybe I didn't want to know what was on the minds of the kids at Forks High. I lucked out and managed to get into Black and White Photography 101. The school must not have the money for the equipment for color photography because it wasn't in the curriculum. It was fine with me. I was probably never going to need to develop my own film or come across a dark room ever again. When I entered the Photography classroom I noticed it must also double as a shop class. The room had the familiar flat, hard wood topped tables that had deep cuts and grooves in them. There were different tools set in the back of the room like a jigsaw. I don't know. They all looked the same to me. They all took a blade, cut into wood and made noise, that's all I knew. Old, hand held tools were fashioned to the walls. The room was a DYI's wet dream. I spoke