(Thank you for reading my story! Please let me know what you think! I'm sorry if you find grammar mistakes, English isn't my native language.) When I wake up, there's enough light to fill the whole bedroom. I prop myself up on one elbow, seeking if Edward is still here, but all I find is an empty bed on the other side of the room. He's probably downstairs in the bakery. Every year on the day of the reaping he leaves his bed early. I swing my legs off the bed. I pull on trousers, a white t-shirt and try to fix my hair. I walk to our dining room, where the scent of fresh-baked bread comes my way. "Good morning," says my father. He sits on wooden chair at the table reading a book. On the table there's a basket with some slices of bread. We can't eat the fresh-baked bread. That bread is for the customers and we get the leftovers to spare money, but today it's reaping day. Only then are we allowed to eat fresh-baked bread. I think it's a way of comforting us. "Good morning," I say while I grab a slice. My father looks at me. He looks tired from working overtime at the bakery. "Ready for today?" asks my father. Can you ever be ready for the reaping I wonder? The reaping system is unfair. You become eligible for the reaping the day you turn twelve. That year, your name is entered once. At thirteen, twice. And so on and so on until you reach the age of eighteen, the final year of eligibility, when your name goes into the pool seven times. That's true for every citizen in all twelve districts in the entire country of Panem. "Ready as I'll ever be," while I'm trying to swallow a piece of bread. I don't want to think about the reaping day or talk about it. I finish my breakfast in silence before I leave, while my father continues to read his book. I walk downstairs and see that the bakery is already loaded with customers. My mother can't see me right now. I walk to the door and go outside. Our part of District 12, nicknamed the Merchant, is usually quiet at this hour, but today it's crawling with peacekeepers. They're wearing uniforms that are white with black stripes at the sleeves. I notice that one of them is carrying a heavy lamp. They're probably busy with building up the reaping stage. I look up and see that the shutters are closed at almost every house. The reaping isn't until two. May as well sleep in, if you can. Here in the Merchant everybody lives above his businesses. Our house is in the middle of the Merchant. It's a rectangle building when you stand before it. The ground floor has grey walls, with in the middle a door and on both sides' windows. Under the windows you'll find the letters pastries and cake engraved. On the first floor we live. It's has different stone then rest of the building, where they use concrete. Our house is made of red bricks. The door opens and I see my mother with her head around the corner. Her wrinkled skin is sweaty. She must have been working the ovens this morning. She looks angry with me. Her put up black hair is slowly falling apart. "Your late!" says my mother. She walks to me and hits my arm. I feel the pain burning on my skin. I cannot afford to get upset, to enter the bakery with puffy eyes and a red nose. Crying is not an option. I look her in the eyes, while I'm trying to hide away the pain. She pushes me inside, while she snaps at the people around her trying to defend me. "Are you alright little brother?" asks Edward when I enter the shop. I look straight to his eyes and see a bruise on the left side. He sees that I'm looking at the bruise and tries to hide it away with rubbing his eye. What did he do this morning? It's strange my mother is more in a bad mood than usual. "I'm fine," I sigh. I grab a kitchen short from the cabinet near me. "What can I do?" I ask my brother while I tie the short around me. He looks worried to me. "Maybe we should put some ice on that first," says Edward. "No, mother would kill us. It doesn't hurt that bad," I lie. The pain is only getting worse, but I can't tell my brother that without risking the chance of him getting beat up again. He nods and points to the cakes behind the counter. "I think you should do some decorating today," while he winks with his right eye. I smile, because he knows that I'm having a rough day because of the reaping. I remember his reaping days. He was always so nervous during the day. He always made mistakes in the bakery, which he wouldn't do normally. Stupid things like dropping bread or forgetting how to count. He's lucky that he survived the reaping ever year. Now he's twenty years old and working at the bakery without any worries about the reaping today, only feeding his stomach. While I walk to the counter, I watch the customers inside the bakery. I see mayor Undersee and the butcher. I greet them all while I pass them. Behind the counter I look for some butter and icing sugar, but I can't find it. Somebody must have moved it, because of the many customers today. I walk in to the room next from the counter. My other brother is working there. He's rolling the dough. The moment I walk in he waves his hand. "Morning brother," says Jamie. "Good morning, did you see the butter?" I ask him. "Isn't it behind the counter in the cabinet?". I shake my head. He shrugs his shoulders and then continuous his work. Jamie is the only one who looks like my mother. He has black hair as well and the same eyes. I look like my dad, blonde hair and blue eyes. Even my character is the same as my dad. Except for one thing, I'm bold, like my mother. That's one thing we have in common. I find the butter on the shelf at the wall and the icing sugar in the cabinet. I take a big bowl, put the ingredients in it and start mixing them with a ladle. The steering needs power, something I don't have to today, because of the pain from my arm. I hear a creaking sound coming from the stairs. I hear my mother shouting at my dad. "Calm down, darling," and he gives my mom a kiss. I always wonder how he does that. He completely shuts her up, by one kiss. My dad walks to me, puts his hand on my shoulder and looks at the buttercream. "Looking good, don't forget to add some vanilla," says my father. I always forget the vanilla. I finish the mix and make some different colors by adding dyes. I choose red, blue and yellow and put them in different piping bags. What should I draw today? Or maybe we have an order. I walk to the counter and open the ordering book. I read my mothers terrible handwriting. That can't be right. I read it again, but it's true, we have 5 cake orders! Normally we have two for a whole week, if we're lucky. I see the comments next to the order. I bite my lip. These are all celebrating cakes for surviving the reaping. "Happy hunger games, may the odds be ever in your favor," I mutter. For the first cake I mix the colors red and yellow. I want to make a sunset, because orange is my favorite color. I let the sun continue on the whole cake by piping curly lines. "The sunset again?," asks my father with a smile on his face. I put down my piping bag and I start to spin the cake slowly. "What do you think?" My father looks at the cake and then at me. I see sadness in his eyes. "The best sunset you ever made," says my father. "I'm sacred for the reaping dad," why did I say that. I shouldn't have said that. I stare embarrassed at the ground. My father takes a deep breath. "Peeta, you should not worry. Your name is in there only six times. Some children from the Seam are in there 30 times," but I hear a small doubt his voice. Still, he's right. If you live in the Seam, today is a lot worse, because if you are poor and starving. You can opt to add your name more times in exchange for tesserae. Each tessera is worth a meager year's supply of grain and oil for one person. You may do this for each of your family members as well. So, at the age of twelve, your name enters two times plus the times for each family member. And each year it gets more, because the entries are cumulative. But the Seam children need the tesserae to survive. Otherwise they would starve to dead. The Seam is the poorest part of District 12. It's located near the mines. Early in the mornings, the streets of the Seam are crowded with tired and worn-down coal miners heading to work. Many families live there in poverty and come beg here in Merchant for food. My mother hates them, while my father and I pity them. Sometimes we give breadcrumbs to help them. I wish we could give them more, but we have just enough food and money to feed ourselves. If my mom finds out we've been giving them breadcrumbs, she would kill us. I put the cake in the showcase. Just for show, because it's for a customer. A young girl screams when she sees the cake. "Look mommy! I want that cake,". Her mother looks devastated. "Dear, we don't have the money for that". She puts a couple of coins on the counter. "Two slices of bread please". My mother counts the money and then looks up to the woman. The woman is covered in dirt and she has big knot in her hair. I see the abomination in my mother's eyes. "That's not enough," says my mother. "How about one slice then?" the woman asks. "It's also not enough for one slice," says my mother cold. "Please Mrs. Mellark. It's reaping day. It's her first year," the woman begs. "And my sons fourth and sixth year. Do you see me giving them special treatment?" says my mother angry. The woman puts down her head. "Come one sweetie, we are going to look somewhere else," says the woman while she grabs the right hand of her child. She tries to pull her to the door, but the kid keeps yelling, "I want that cake! Mommy it's not fair. I want that cake!" I feel terrible. I continue to work on the cakes, while customers walk in and out of the store. After the fourth cake I decide to get some fresh air. "Dad, I'm going to get some fresh air," while I walk to the door. "Wait, I'll come with you," says my father. We walk out of the shop and lean with our backs against the wall. In the distance I see a boy approaching the bakery. I recognize that straight black hair, olive skin with gray eyes immediately. It's Gale, the one who always hangs out with Katniss. When I was five years old, my education at school started. On the first day I was waiting to line up with my father next to me. He was talking about his school life, but suddenly he stopped talking. He pointed out a young girl in the waiting