Promising Horizons "Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts." -Aristotle A/N : This is a Legolas-Estel story, assuming that Legolas knew Aragorn as a child. It's a ficlet so don't expect thirty million chapters-just a few. I always appreciate reviews and constructive criticism is fine, just if you're going to spam me or be a jerk, don't bother, I'm not worth your time. Disclaimer: I don't own lord of the rings. Short and sweet. "Fight til the last gasp." -William Shakespeare A child with tearstained cheeks crouched silently in the shadows. Beside him lay a still body. The child was shaking and his eyes were wide with fright as he stared at a demon that only he could see. Suddenly an inhuman scream pierced the air and the scene faded into pool of blackness… Lord Elrond of Rivendell jerked so suddenly upwards that his knee banged against the table he was seated at with a resounding jolt. His breath came in short gasps and his hand instinctively pressed against the side of his temple as he struggled to control his breathing. As his heart rate slowed and the pain in his knee intensified, he raised his head and gazed out the window directly in front of him. It was evening and darkness was beginning to envelope the land. Soft rain was pattering against the glass of the window. His thoughts returned to the vision. Even though he hadn't clearly seen the boy's face, the child had looked all too familiar… "Elrond?" Elrond barely raised his head as Glorfindel, his trustworthy friend, supporter and adviser entered the room quickly. "What happened? I heard a noise…" Elrond stood, pushed his chair back and left his cold, untouched food remaining on the table. "Where is Estel?" Glorfindel didn't flinch under the elf lord's piercing gaze as most would have. "I haven't seen him today." Elrond inwardly cringed as he tried to fight the horror rising to the surface of his heart. "He's in danger." Glorfindel's face fell, as he loved the human boy dearly as well. "Was it your foresight?" "Yes or it's happening now," Elrond muttered. The person lying beside Estel drifted hazily back into his thoughts like a leaf floating on the surface of water, bringing another wave of dread over the elven lord. He sincerely hoped that it wasn't who he suspected it could be. Right now, he needed to find the twins. They and Glorfindel could help him. Elrond gathered his regal clothing which was in the form of heavy robes today and nodded to Glorfindel. "Come with me, I'll explain everything to you on the way." With that the two elves urgently strode away, both hearts desperate for the little human to be safely within Imladris, but unfortunately this was not the case. -6 hours earlier- "Estel, are you sure you know where we're going?" The little boy of seven years old impatiently twisted around and nodded his head vigorously. His tiny stride didn't falter as he raced through a tangle of ferns that were nearly taller than him. Legolas smiled and inwardly shrugged. A little further wouldn't hurt. As far as he knew, Imladris was a relatively safe place, especially when compared to his home of Mirkwood. He wasn't worried about becoming lost both since he was a sufficient tracker among elves and he was also reasonably familiar with the realm of Rivendell although by now, little Estel probably exceeded his knowledge of the forest. They had been journeying for a little over an hour now and still the child's enthusiasm had not dimmed the slightest. Estel navigated through the forest as though he knew every twist and turn by heart, and Legolas almost believed that he did, but they had been moving for far too long and Estel was only seven after all. It had started that morning when Estel had eagerly promised to take him somewhere "secret" and very "special." Knowing that the troubles Mirkwood was experiencing would force him to return home soon, and having no desire whatsoever to disappoint his exuberant young friend, even though he was forced to turn down a hunting trip with Elladan and Elrohir, Legolas agreed to go with Estel to this "secret" place and after waiting until noon to leave, they had been walking ever since. Now Legolas was really beginning to wonder where they were going and was questioning whether or not Estel knew himself. It suddenly occurred to him that he could no longer catch sight of the boy's tousled brown haired head bobbing in front and with a jolt of panic he lengthened his stride although he couldn't recall falling behind. "Estel," he called, slight panic flairing in his chest as he realized that the boy was no where to be seen. "Estel!" Suddenly an object collided with his lower legs with such force that he stumbled and tipped to the side. As his body hit the ground, he glanced over to see Estel sprawled over his legs, grinning gleefully. Initial relief poured through Legolas and then he laughed softly at the child's obvious delight and pleasure. Estel laughed too and enthusiastically told his account of how he had hid and waited for Legolas to come so he could tackle him. As they picked themselves off of the ground, Estel took Legolas's hand and the elf was forced to lean forward slightly, due to the differencing heights. Estel looked at him with wide silver eyes. "We're almost there," He promised in a solemn whisper. The elf and the young human walked slowly through the thinning forest until they came upon a steep ditch situated on the side of a daunting rock cliff with an assortment of boulders as large as horses jumbled within the trench. By the grip that Estel had on his hand Legolas could tell that they had finally made it to their destination. Estel quickly released his hand and scampered up the side of a large rock jutting out of the ditch. "We're here," he proclaimed excitedly. Legolas smiled. "This is incredible, Estel," He said as he walked over to the boy. "Thank you for bringing me here." "Come see the best part!" Estel exclaimed as he slid off of the rock. Legolas easily leapt onto the stone Estel had previously been perched on and touched lightly to the ground in the ditch. He squeezed between two other large boulders and rounded the side of the stone to see Estel standing at the mouth of an ink black cave yawning from the side of the rock cliff. Surprised, he quickly closed the distance between the boy and himself. "It's a cave," Estel breathed, his eyes dancing with excitement. Legolas peered into the darkness, his elven eyes not even able to discern objects beyond in the blackness. Something bothered him about the cave. Concealed in a ditch and shielded from sight by large boulders that had presumably fallen in a rockslide, it was just too secret. Turning away from the mouth of the cave, he carefully scanned the surrounding land for a sign that anyone else had been here. Estel was watching him intently. "What is it?" The boy asked; his perceptiveness heightened more than any human child's should be. Legolas returned his gaze to the boy and offered a comforting smile. "It's nothing," he muttered. Estel began to enter the mouth of the cave but Legolas stepped forward and gripped the boy's small hand. "Estel," he began, "Have you ever been inside before?" Estel nodded, his eyes bright but clouded with slight confusion as to why Legolas had stopped him. "Have Elladan and Elrohir been inside with you?" "Yes. We were sitting on the rocks and then I found the cave." "When was the last time you were here?" A frowned creased Estel's face. "I'm not sure. Maybe awhile," he admitted. Legolas slowly digested this information. Obviously the last visit had to have been recent or else Estel never would have remembered the way here. "Can we go now?" Estel begged. Legolas hesitantly nodded, giving in to his better judgment. Estel let out a small squeak of excitement and rushed forward before Legolas could stop him. "Estel!" Legolas hurried in after the child, squinting through the pitch black darkness. After only a few moments, his eyes adjusted from the bright sunlight outside and he was able to distinguish objects originally veiled by the shadows of the cave. The cave appeared to be a tunnel, its path twisting and squirming much like the movement of a snake. Rough and jagged looking rock walls loomed on either side of the path and within the shadows, large stones and crevices dotted the edges of the walls. Typically, this cave was no more out of the ordinary than the others Legolas had visited before in his life. He let himself relax more and tried to concentrate on where Estel was. He could hear the footsteps of the young boy echoing through the tunnel somewhere in front of him. Feeling an underlying notion of responsibility for the future king of Gondor, Legolas hurried forward but if not for the small rock that caused him to stumble and reach out to a stone for support, the elven prince might never have noticed the blood crusted scimitar lying guiltily on the rock. Legolas righted himself, horror flooding through him as he took in the orc weapon placed so casually on the rock. His eyes flew to the ground and he distinguished many heavy footsteps treaded into the earth. Orcs were using this tunnel. And Estel was somewhere by himself at the mercy of dozens of orcs if they hadn't already found him. Legolas burst ahead into the darkness, his feet flying over the ground soundlessly. It seemed like a nightmare. The further he ran the most desperate he became because there was no sign of Estel. He could no longer hear the boy and each twist and turn within the tunnel drew him closer to the orcs. This was no place to fight the monsters. They had countless advantages including their number, multitude of weapons and the lack of obligation to protect a small child from harm. Besides, a cave which caused Legolas to feel all but blind was not as much of a concern to these nearly nocturnal beasts that were born within the festering darkness of caves and the ever-growing shadow of Mordor. As he plunged through the endless turns of the tunnel it began to branch into different forks and paths. He kept to the main one, desperately hoping that Estel had as well. A sudden rush of footsteps sounded ahead of him in the tunnel and by the heaviness and mass of the steps, he knew that it was the orcs. Terror clouded his head, barely allowing him to think clearly-never had Legolas remembered feeling more panicked. He quickened his own steps and an unexpected plunging twist almost caused him to crash into Estel who was rooted to the ground with fear. Legolas caught one sight of the look of alarm in the boy's wide eyes and knew that the he had also heard the orcs footsteps. Relief barely had time to catch up with the elven prince before the footfalls of the orcs sounded even closer with thunderous proximity. Without hesitation, Legolas lunged at Estel, dragging him into a shadowy crevice and clamping a hand over the boy's mouth. At that moment, the orcs burst from rounding a corner within the tunnel and loped heavily past them, armor and weapons clanking. Legolas barely breathed as he tried to shrink even further into the shadows while Estel trembled by his side. He tried to glimpse their faces as they ran by but they were shrouded in shadow and matted black hair. It was a only a matter of time until one smelled an elf and a