Why the Fellowship Should Avoid Cruises Aranel and Encaitarë , with Bethany, Josiah, and Morris One day, the Fellowship of the Ring and Elrond were strolling along, not doing anything in particular, when a cruise ship happened to pass by. They decided to go on a cruise. They flagged the ship down, bought tickets, and boarded. As the ship embarked, they had to find out all the rules. "There will be no running, no shouting, no sliding on the banisters, and no touching of the historical artifacts! And above all, there shall be no disturbing of the captain!" said an old lady with coke-bottle glasses. Merry and Pippin did not like rules. They said to themselves that they were going to break some of the rules later, but for now they were occupied with hurling over the side. After this, they all met a pirate. His name was… "Quid, Quid, like the British money, ar! And I won't charge ye an arm and a leg like those thievin' charger boats neither!" He watched everyone swaying around the deck with green faces. "Ar har har!" said Quid. "Looks like I got meself a boatload of old salts here, har har!" "Yer just in time fer breakfast, mateys," announced the cook. The Fellowship sat on plank benches drawn up to rough wooden tables. Breakfast included hard-boiled eggs and "lard o' the rind" bacon, as well as mercilessly sour grapefruit and scorched screech owl. Suddenly, the Fellowship looked up to see two people, namely Bart and Doris Rathbone. Doris was saying: "Who wants pork rinds?" The captain and Bart replied: "Oh, I do, I do!" Bart then filled his stomach before saying: "I love dis! Da wind in your face! Da smell of de salt in de air! Da feel of da boat rocking back and forth, back and forth, to and fro, to and fro, fro and to, forth and back, to and back, forth and… oohhh, I'd better sit down. Blaaaahhhh!" The Fellowship had to turn their heads away at this point. But during all of this, Merry and Pippin had run off. Everyone was worried, but they decided that the two Hobbits could not get into that much trouble on a ship. That's where they were wrong. Merry and Pippin had gone out the door and seen some stairs. Then, they decided to be very naughty. They became extremely excited and ran towards the stairs, shouting and yelling like maniacs. Then, they leapt upon the banisters and surfed down, overturning seven various statues of historic value on the way. The captain met them at the bottom and shouted: "Keel-haul 'em all- if they survive walking the plank!" "You'll never take me alive!" yelled Pippin. He ran over to the captain and bit his legs off. "Yeah…oww…eh…ee!" shrieked the captain. "Muhahahahaha!" Pippin laughed evilly. "Catch that menace!" yelled the captain. "After him! After him! Kill him! Kill him! No, wait a minute! Bring him to me alive- and unspoiled!" "Yes, sir!" said the crew collectively. They leapt after the fleeing hobbit. He ran back up the stairs and into the café. Then, he shrieked and climbed up the main support pole, where no one could reach him. "I say we get a ladder!" said the first mate. "I say, 'chop it down!'" said the captain irately. "You're the captain!" they all said. Someone brought out an axe and chopped the pole down. That was a very stupid thing to do, as when they did thus, the entire roof caved in. (Luckily the main group of the Fellowship had already vacated the scene.) It squashed everyone but Pippin. The hobbit was so small that right before the roof collapsed, he had crawled down from the pole and escaped into the ventilation shaft that led to all of the staterooms on the ship. As Pippin was crawling through the vent, he came to a stop outside one of the openings to a room. He peered inside and saw Gimli and Legolas arguing about having to share the room. Legolas had taken a role of gray tape and made a line that traveled down one wall, across the floor, up and over the table, and up the other wall. Legolas was standing on one side of the tape, Gimli on the other. Legolas tossed an outlandish duffle bag over to Gimli's side and said: "This is my side, that is your side. I do not want to catch you or any of your detestable belongings on my side of the room. You understand?" "That's not fair!" protested Gimli. "The washroom's on your side of the room!" "So, you have that fancy box with a bunch of tiny men in it on your side!" said Legolas to make him stop complaining. "Oh, right," agreed Gimli. "It says 'TV' on it," pronounced Legolas. "But I've heard that if a dwarf turns it on, the little men will come out and eat that dwarf in his sleep!" "Aaahhh!" said Gimli, "I'm not turning it on." "Oh, then I will," offered Legolas. He reached over and snatched the remote. Then, he pushed the 'on' button. "No!" shrieked Gimli, running out the door. Pippin and Legolas could hear Gimli shouting for the longest time. "AHHH! The little men are going to eat me! Along with all of the Dwarves!" All of the Dwarves heard him and believed what he was saying. So they ran after him shouting: "The Dwarves are for the Dwarves! The Dwarves are for the Dwarves!" Gimli and the Dwarves ran through the hallways chanting psychotically: "The Dwarves are for the Dwarves!" They all held picket signs that were inscribed with various messages like: "Little men are evil!", "Kill the little men!", and, of course, "The Dwarves are for the Dwarves!" While going down the hall, they passed Frodo and Sam who were running from the captain, who now had two peg legs, a broken arm, and a bandage on his head. The captain was followed by his crew who were in almost as bad of condition as he was. Then, the captain said: "After those shrimps!" When the crew finally caught up to the two Hobbits, they grabbed them and clapped them in irons. "Put them in the dungeon," said the captain. "I will interrogate them about the whereabouts of their friend Pippin later!" "Sir, yes, sir!" said the crew. They hobbled away, back to their duties. Meanwhile, Frodo and Sam inspected their new surroundings. They were in a small and cramped brig cell with nothing but two swart bunks, a tiny hole for a toilet, a small window for a gloomy shaft of light, and a gaunt figure huddling in one corner whom they thought looked familiar but weren't certain. "Well, Mr. Frodo," sighed Sam wistfully, "it appears we've gotten ourselves into a tight scrape. What do you aim to do?" "Nothing, I suppose," replied Frodo in despair, as he sat on one of the dusty bunks. In the meantime, Boromir, who was feeling mighty sea sick, was retching himself dry over the side of the twelfth deck of the ship. When he was finished, he pulled himself up. "Get away!" he heard. Boromir turned around to see Aragorn chasing Elrond around the ship yelling: "Daddy!" The two rushed right past Boromir in a flurry, knocking Boromir back precariously over the railing. He toppled down about 108 feet and into the shark-infested water. Aragorn and Elrond stopped and looked over into the water. They were shocked to see Boromir swimming faster than a speeding torpedo away from the ship. And every so often he would leap about ten feet into the air screaming while holding his rear. In the interim, Frodo and Sam had been experiencing their own difficulties. Their other cell-mate, it turned out, was Gollum. He had been thrown in the brig for stowing away on board the cruise ship. And Frodo and Sam had a nightmare dealing with his shrieks of: "It wasn't us! It wasn't us! It wasn't our fault! You must believe us!" After a day or so of staying in the cell, the Hobbits began to get a little hungry. "What food have we got left?" asked Frodo. "Well, let me see," said Sam. He began to rummage in his bag. After a good minute or two, he produced a small ornately carved box and handed it to Frodo. "What's in this?" he asked. "Just some seasonin' I was savin'," answered Sam. "It's the worst salt in all the Shire. I was thinkin' one night maybe we'd be havin' a roast chicken or somethin'!" "Roast chicken?" questioned Frodo. "Sam!" Sam smiled and glanced over to Smeagol. His eyes went swirly and he began licking his chops. "I see a fresh chicken right over there!" he slavered. "No! No!" cried Smeagol in alarm. "You musn't eats us!" Sam pounced on Smeagol and began gnawing on his leg. "Chew…chew…chew…slurp!" "Yeow! Stupid fat hobbit! It hurts us!" whined Smeagol. "Sam, are you mad?" cried Frodo. He gasped. "You're a cannibal!" Sam approached Frodo and said: "Here, help me salt 'im!" "Hmm…" said Frodo thoughtfully. As he stared at Smeagol, his vision blurred and the figure altered, transforming into a chicken. "Alright," said Frodo, "I'll help you!" The captain was on his way to the dungeon to interrogate Frodo and Sam when he thought he heard something strange like a yell. He picked up the pace a bit, feeling a bit frightened. Suddenly, there was a dreadful, "Fffffffff!" "AHHH!" cried the captain. "Who- who's there? Show yourself!" He heard it again. "AHHH! Come out and fight like a ma…" "Fffffff!" "Shriek!" he screamed, sprinting forward as fast as he could upon his two peg legs, into the dungeon. The captain was so terrified, he forgot to close the cell door. This allowed Frodo and Sam to escape rather easily. They slammed the door, locking the captain inside. Then Sam ate the keys. "Good work, Sam!" congratulated Frodo. "And that chicken really was good. It's a shame there is no more." During all of these happenings, Gandalf had been hiding under a large plaid rug in his stateroom, lest any of the crew should recognize his acquaintance with the infamous Hobbits who remained at large. After a day or so, he at last dared to venture out. He was instantly pursued by bizarre beasts in the pay of the captain. Unfortunately, they had recognized his rather identifiable hat, for it was a very distinctive object, and Gandalf hadn't, unfortunately, taken this into consideration. Now, these guards resembled extraterrestrials from another planet. The first possessed a rattle-snake body, a giraffe neck, and a human head. He also had six curly French mustaches, and was wearing a turban. The second was nearly the same except that he had the body of a caterpillar with an exceptionally large black stinger protruding from his tail. They began chasing him down the hall, and to make matters worse, they began to chant in the tune of the Siamese cats off of Lady and the Tramp : "We are Saladin, if you please! We are Saladin, if you don't please!" "WHAT IS GOING…ON DOWN HERE!" questioned Gandalf in his loudest scary voice. (He hoped to frighten them away.) When the creatures continued to advance and didn't appear to have any intention of halting, Gandalf produced his staff from somewhere and lowered it towards them. "Well," he said, "I suppose I will have to make something useful out of you." He said a few magical words and made a motion towards them with the end of the staff as if he were going to throw it at them. They instantly turned into stone statues. "Ah!" said Gandalf, pleased. "I've needed some bookends lately." He stooped down and picked them up, carrying them back into his room for that purpose. In the intervening time, Merry had been in the Pavilion Night Club, dancing and singing the hours away to the tune