This story is written with my co author Minnie and is a sort of follow up story to Beth's "Legendary Friendship" set shortly after the fall of Gandalf. To understand our stories you have to accept our a/u idea that elves come of age at 1,000 years. We know what the great professor had to say on that subject but we've decided to respectfully ignore his view. We very much appreciate your comments as long as they are not opposing our alternate universe ideas. We know some do not like that view, but it is the one we've chosen to show. There are many more stories that belong to this series. If anyone is interested in reading more, we'd love to know! Enjoy! This story contains non sexual spanking. If the idea offends please do not read. I shall never forget my father's final words to me on the night before our departure from Rivendell. "Your bravery is not lacking, and your skills with the axe are without compare. Both will serve you well. It is your kind heart that will be your downfall if you do not take care. This has ever been your greatest weakness. Guard your heart carefully, my son." Considering the gravity of the occasion, I had firmly grasped Gloin's arm and made the promises he had wanted to hear. At the time, though, it had taken all of my self-control to keep from rolling my eyes. How often I had heard these words or ones similar to them. I believe the first time I ever heard them was when I was but a dwarfling. I had rescued a mewling kitten from a condemned mineshaft that had begun crumbling down around me as I entered it. Never afraid of anything was I! As a brash young dwarf, I once threw myself into the midst of a melee to defend the honor of a young maiden who was being harassed by a crowd of drunks. At least ten sturdy dwarves had run cowering back to their homes by the time I had finished with them. Always my father was proud of my bravery, but always he warned me against becoming too soft of heart for my own good. Those warnings had ever seemed to me to be the ramblings of an ancient dwarf becoming foolish with age. It is only just now that I begin to think that perhaps the old devil was right after all. My traitorous heart has finally led me into the trouble that will be the end of me I fear. I have agreed to accept a commission that may end up being the worst mistake of my life, and it cannot be undone for a dwarf never goes back on his word. It is all the fault of that blasted ranger! Had he not taken it upon himself to fill me in on the truth about the elf, I could have remained blissfully ignorant. I was perfectly at ease with the former relationship I had with Thranduil's brat. If he spoke to me at all it was an insult muttered in an icy tone and I usually replied with a growl or glare of my own. Mostly we just stayed out of each other's way, and that worked out fine for me. It was a comfortable way to get along. But as I said, that dratted human had to step in and change everything we had worked so hard to build. He took it upon himself to let me know that the elf was in fact not yet an adult. This bit of information changed everything! I could no longer continue in my old habits, and I'll admit it pricked at my conscience when I recalled my past treatment of him. Of course I would never knowingly treat a child of any race unkindly. There would be no honor in such deeds, and I pride myself on being honorable, though sometimes a dwarf is more comfortable not knowing all the facts. Aragorn had looked so desperate when he asked me to look after the elfling, that I could not say him nay. How could I when he made it seem so vital to the quest and with Gandalf just lost to us? To be perfectly honest, I probably would have promised to adopt a band of orcs had I thought it would ease his burden a little. It was impossible to refuse his request when he looked like that. But what finally swayed me completely was talking to the princeling, himself. The poor lad had looked truly lost and in need of someone. With the wizard gone and Aragorn weighed down with new responsibility, the child had no one to turn to with his grief and of course my treacherous heart would not leave me alone until I had made a promise I had no idea how to keep. It got my ire up when I considered how dark times had become if we were depending on younglings to go to battle. It was and still is my opinion that he should yet be under his real father's watchful eye, not out risking his life on this dangerous expedition, though I will back peddle and say he has been a great asset to the Fellowship. We may not have been the best of comrades in the past but I must give credit where credit is due. He is a skilled warrior and I would feel quite secure if he were guarding my back in a battle. In any case, in a moment of weakness I agreed to act as guardian to the lad until he can be returned to his father. He must have had a weak moment as well, for he also has agreed to this arrangement even though it was clearly explained what this would mean for both of us. He is to heed me in all things, just as he would his own parent, and I am to keep watch on his general well being. So at a most unusual and inconvenient time, and without having the pleasures of taking a wife, I have suddenly become the father of a very tall and potentially very dangerous adolescent. I shudder to think what Gloin would say if he could see the mess his son was in, in spite of all his warnings to be on guard. I should have listened to him. Once a dwarf puts his shoulder to the plough, however, he does not look back. My honor is at stake and I must not renege on my commitment. The trouble is I am clueless as to how to fulfill it. What do I know of the needs of elflings? What I know of children comes almost entirely from memories of my own childhood and what I know of elves could be contained in a hobbit's thimble. I am unequipped to carry out this assignment, and yet I must find a way. I have been asked to 'watch out' for the lad, but am at a loss as to how to accomplish this task when he never stays in sight. Since morning I have been trying to keep an eye on him and finding it to be a thankless task. We have been walking at a brisk, but steady pace, and making good progress too, but the elf is never where I can see him. He is always far ahead scouting the path or beyond my sight behind us making sure we are not being followed. This is all well and good, for his eyesight is very keen, but it makes my new job near impossible. And trees have been a hindrance. No less than a dozen times this morning I have spied him in the very tops of some of the tallest trees I have ever seen. How some of those branches hold his weight is beyond my understanding. Watching him clamber about like some kind of blond squirrel has taken its toll on my nerves this day. When I asked for an explanation as to what he was doing, he informed me that he was trying to discover what kinds of birds had made the nests in each tree. There are no eggs, it seems, since it is not Spring, but there are other clues such as left behind shards of shell and bits of feathers. You could have knocked me over with one of those feathers, when I heard his rationalization! Here I have been breaking my neck trying to keep up with his antics, only to find out he was just nest watching! Not to mention the fact that he has traveled three times the distance as the rest of us with his running around. I understand that elves have little need of rest, but he is throwing good energy after good for no reason and it is bound to catch up with him eventually. By midday I have finally taken all I can of trying to keep track of the Laddie. I also wish to put an end to the glances that keep coming my way from that irritating Ranger. He is clearly amused at my discomfort and seems too pleased with himself for engineering this whole situation. When next I see my new charge on the ground I call out to him. "Legolas! Walk with me for a moment, Lad." Immediately he falls into step beside me, "What is it, Master Gimli?" I stop walking and grab his arm, halting his progress as well and allowing the others to get a bit ahead of us so our words can be private. "I would request that you remain on the ground with the rest of us unless it is for necessary reasons." "You do not find my reasons for climbing acceptable?" His tone is scornful. Clearly he does not like hearing what I have to say, but that does not stop me from continuing. "Indeed I do not. We have a long trek ahead of us this day and for many more days to come. Ye would do well to conserve your energy a bit." I could see my words were not setting well with him, for the scowl on his face became quite spectacular. "Obviously you do not understand elven abilities, Dwarf! I do not need to 'conserve energy' as you say. I am no mere mortal requiring constant rest." Never would I have believed that such a fair face could carry such a sour expression, but I choose to ignore his rude manner and go on with what I have to say. "That may well be so. Nevertheless I expect you will do as I say. If you find it necessary to leave the company, you will explain your reasons for doing so beforehand." He glowers at me through narrowed eyes, and I can see he is struggling to keep his temper in check. Since he has given his word to obey me, his honor is also at stake. I suspect that is the only thing that is keeping his tongue somewhat civil. Instead of answering, he merely gives a quick nod and moves to walk behind me. I can feel his glare boring into the back of my skull. If dirty looks were arrows, I would now have one protruding from my forehead! Still he is complying with my wishes so far, and I did not ask him to have a good attitude about it, so I cannot complain I suppose. I have a distinct feeling this is going to be a very long day. I should never have agreed to this! What possessed me? How could I have been so foolish as to even think of agreeing to this ridiculous 'guardianship'? My brains must have been addled, or I was put under some sort of spell. What elf in his right mind would allow a dwarf to rule him as I have done? Which mayhap explains it all. I must