This story was written with my co author Minnie, who writes Legolas' point of view, while I write Gimli's point of view. That is true in all of our stories and there are close to fifty of them, many of them quite long. If anyone is interested in seeing the rest of them here, we'd love to know about it! For this story to make sense, you have to accept our alternate universe idea that elves come of age at around 1,000 years of age. We know what the great professor says about this, but we have decided to respectfully ignore his view for the purpose of our story. In this story Legolas is approximately 800 years old, which we think is equivalent of somewhere around 15 to 17 in human terms, making him one of the youngest relatively on the quest. Gimli has been assigned to act as his guardian, which is explained in 'Legendary Friendship" This story takes place in Lothlorien just after the fall of Gandalf and within days of Legolas having been put in Gimli's charge. This fic will make more sense if you've read that first. We hope you enjoy! This story contains non sexual spanking. If this offends, please do not read! Gimli's pov: This strange journey I am on has set my mind and heart astir with new thoughts and new experiences. Long have I lived under the mountain in the echoing halls and storied chambers of my forefathers. No sun shines there and no golden moon lights those caverns. Lamps carved of marble, onyx, lapis and amethyst are the only light we need to drive away the darkness, until we seek our rest and put out those lights and the warm comforting darkness covers us. And yet I find myself here in this oddly beautiful place of light, in the realm of the Elven Queen of the Golden Wood. I have heard the gentle words of the fair Lady of the Galadhrim, the wise Galadriel, reader of hearts, and it has changed me forever. Though I will leave this place and travel on as I vowed I would-for I shall follow Frodo to whatever end- I believe my heart will stay here, where no dwarf has set foot since the days of Durin, for I have looked upon a Queen more glorious than all the treasure that can be found under the earth, and it has awakened something in me and opened my eyes to a whole new world. I never expected to find myself in this place or with these traveling companions. I think of the hobbits and their open guileless faces. They are not trained as warriors, yet they have stout hearts and courage that cannot be measured by physical strength alone. It is a resoluteness of spirit they possess rather than a hardiness of body. Their devotion to the ring bearer is unwavering and their loyalty to our cause as strong as any fortress. I think also of the men of our company. Here Strider is kin, welcomed as a son by the Lord and Lady of this realm. He is a mighty warrior; a man with a purpose, and a guide to those of us who were left guideless when the wizard fell to the fiery chasm. Boromir also is a mighty warrior. He is bold and brave and yet he is restless, his eyes darkened by deep shadow, and his nails bitten to the quick. He is bold and brave, indeed, and yet seems almost heart sick- over what I do not know. Mostly I think of Legolas, who like myself is the lone one of his kind among the fellowship. I have tried to ignore his existence for the most part in the past, perhaps because of a sort of misguided loyalty to my people, or maybe it was just prideful stubbornness. Either way that now must change. I must never close my eyes to him again, for our lives have become intertwined in a way that I could never have predicted or even dreamed up in my wildest imaginings. We were bound together in an unexpected way after the wizard fell, and now we must find a way to get along after putting so much effort into showing contempt for one another. This is something I want, not just because of a strong sense of duty, but because it is the right thing to do and what I should have been doing all along. Our small band of mismatched companions have come together for a purpose, and allowing old prejudices to seep in among us only weakens our chances of success. Besides, having heard from Aragorn the truth about the elf's circumstances, I must admit my heart has been softened. As it turns out he is still considered young enough to need a guardian, in spite of the fact that he is an unparalleled warrior. It is something that is easy to see if a person takes the time to notice, which is something I hadn't done until recently. He hasn't quite developed the perpetually stoic expression of more mature elves and his disposition can change from one minute to the next as seems to be common of youngsters of all races. From what I have gathered from the little bit he has told me of his life, I believe he must have been trained to arms from a much earlier age than would be considered proper were we living in peaceful times. Perhaps this is a necessary evil, but it is also a sad commentary on the desperate plight of Middle Earth. Some might think I would be elated at finding myself in a position of authority over a former rival, but that is not the case, though after thinking it over I am happy to do it, and not so I can make him follow my every whim. It would be dishonorable to take that sort of advantage of my new position. Truthfully I want to find a way to make this arrangement work with as little friction as possible. I know that will not always be feasible for us to see eye to eye but I hope he will be able to come to think of me as a friend and ally instead of just an obstacle he must get around or someone assigned to make his life more difficult. I feel I must be the one to initiate this truce and have been trying to institute a change between us. I am cautiously optimistic now that our first week here has passed. After the initial rocky start we had, things have been mostly smooth sailing. I believe Legolas was thoroughly surprised by my support after Aragorn tried to call him to account on his less than polite treatment of me during our first days here. The way I see it, we must work things out for ourselves and having a third party stepping in every time things get rough will not help us achieve anything helpful and I do not need a champion to protect me from childish fits of pique. If I have something to say to the Lad, I will say it myself and I will be the one to decide if something is worth making an issue over. One thing I have learned over the years is that a dwarf must pick his battles carefully- and then never lose the ones he chooses to fight! Going to war over what was really little more than a lot of bluster and foul language seemed like a waste of time. Had he done as I had expected and ignored my instructions it would have been a different story with a different outcome, but as it happened there was no need for any sort of action on my part. His obedience was enough even if it did come with a poor attitude. In fact it would have been foolish in the extreme to expect anything different considering my former treatment of him. So things have improved in small ways. I have tried to make certain we spend some part of each day together and have learned a little about his life at home. He always answers my questions openly, but never really offers any additional information. I do not wish to seem meddlesome so often I just talk of my own life. He listens politely to my tales, showing genuine interest but never asking for more details. Occasionally, I notice that he is no longer listening to me, but is staring off in another direction as if thinking of something worrisome. Granted, before now I have not spent a lot of time studying the Lad, but I had never noticed him to be especially contemplative. Before we arrived here, he could often be heard cheerfully chatting with the others or even singing or humming softly to himself. There is no doubt he has changed, though I cannot quite put my finger on what that change is. It is almost as if something is weighing heavily on his spirit. Now as I walk this City of Trees I see him in the distance sitting on a bench waiting for me in the place we agreed to meet today, I wish I knew how to talk of such things. I can hardly ask him to spill his heart to me, when so recently I was treating him with open contempt. Such an offer might not be appreciated, and yet I find I have the desire to be of some kind of assistance. After all I have agreed to look out for him and surely that includes being concerned over his emotional well-being. Yet I am not skilled at consoling speech and I fear I could muck up the fragile friendship we have started to develop, so I choose not to say anything that might make either of us uncomfortable. Instead I call our heartily. "Now then, Laddie, it's a lovely day is it not?" The haunted look he was wearing when I came upon him quickly softens to warm recognition. He smiles and stands to greet me. "It is Master Gimli. What is on the agenda for today?" "Perhaps we should search out some eatables before we make a decision. I'm feeling a bit peckish," I offer. Sharing meals give us something to do and a subject to talk about, so that often seems to be a good way to spend some time together, though he hasn't seemed too interested in actually eating since we arrived here. I do not know if that is a result of distress or if it is just the normal way of elves. Whatever the case may be, it is an easy way to open up conversation between us, so I turn in the direction of the dining hall and Legolas falls in step with me. Our conversation is pleasant as we wend our way through the pathways of the city, but as has been the case since our arrival, I notice that not all share Lady Galadriel's welcoming attitude. There are still plenty of folks here who are suspicious of me, and do not bother to hide their feelings on the matter. I notice many disapproving looks being thrown my direction and a few that are openly hostile. I hear whispered remarks, and some bolder comments spoken right out loud for me to hear. My first instinct is to bristle in anger at such treatment, but then I rein myself in and consider how things would be if the situation were reversed. Were a lone elf to find his way to the Lonely Mountain would I behave any differently from the elves of this realm? I would like to think I would, but honesty makes me admit it is likely I would be just as they are. It is an unsettling and uncomfortable revelation. Legolas' pov: I sit looking out at the clear waters of the Silverlode;