For this story to make sense it will be easier if you've read at least part one of this Series entitled, Legendary Friendship. In our alternate universe elves reach adulthood at 1,000 years of age, Legolas is around 800 or so, and Gimli has been asked to act as his guardian when he is away from home. We know what professor Tolkien says about the age of majority for elves, but have decided to respectfully ignore his view. This story was co written with Minnie who writes Legolas' pov and Beth who writes Gimli's pov. Thanks to everyone who has commented so far. We truly appreciate all support. It is greatly encouraging to know people are reading and enjoying. Also this series was originally written for a discipline fic group so the vast majority of our stories (including this one) contain Non sexual consensual (at least tacit agreement) spanking. If this offends please do not read! As always we'd love to hear your (polite) comments Enjoy! I have to work hard at controlling my breathing, for my breaths are coming short and fast. the palms of my hands are moist, and were I to be asked to speak I suspect I would have difficulty putting together a coherent sentence. It is scarcely more than a half-day since we bid farewell to the escort my father insisted escorted us on our journey. The northern patrol is even now ensconced in the trees on the edge of my Ada's realm where they will remain until I return to them. Arod is also there. Although Gimli assures me that his folk keep ponies for their own use over long journeys, most are stabled in Lake Town, and I would not wish my own mount to be left in the dubious care of the men of Dale. Although, round about now, Lake Town seems more and more inviting. I draw in a deep breath and try to concentrate on the rhythmical thud of Gimli's walking axe. He is anxious to be home and I am increasingly wishing I had never agreed to this visit. We made a pact with each other before the battle of the Black Gate that should we both survive, which at the time seemed unlikely, we would make every effort to bring about reconciliation between our two folk. Back then the idea of being alive long enough to visit Erebor as a representative of the folk of the Wood had seemed an unlikely enough scenario as to be easy to agree to. Now, it is too much a reality and I am by no means ready for this. Yet how can I honourably withdraw? Gimli more than fulfilled his part of the bargain, bringing me home safe and almost whole to my father and then making an excellent job of acting as ambassador for the dwarves of Erebor in my Ada's court. While he made no mention of it, I am all too aware that some of my people were less than welcoming of Gimli's presence. He met with his fair share of ignorance and prejudice as well as hospitality and acceptance. Gimli took all in his stride, being more than competent at handling all that was thrown at him, good or bad. I am by no means so sure I am capable of doing the same. Yet my Ada has given me his blessing for this venture. I know he was less than happy at my wishing to leave the stronghold so soon after my return from Minas Tirith. Yet he could see that should I fail to fulfil my side of the bargain with Gimli then our folk would be lessened, and it is only for a few days. My Ada would not consent to an absence from his side of more than a sennight and Gimli who has become like a second father to me would not see me wrenched away from my home for any longer than is necessary to fulfil our agreement. I believe he would not even have asked for that, save that the news of our pledge had already been sent to Erebor and my arrival was expected alongside that of Gimli Gloinson. The new king under the mountain sent a personal invitation to me to visit. He is named Thorin III Stonehelm. When Gimli and his father, Lord Gloin, left Erebor to seek counsel with Lord Elrond, the king was Dain II Ironfoot. He died during the war at what was to dwarves a good age of 252. My friend was unaware of his king's death until we came to my father's halls and the news was a grievous blow to him. Yet dwarves are hardy folk and he rallied quickly and the knowledge that his father and mother were well and that King Thorin had sent an invitation to me to visit acted as a real tonic to him. Gimli has been anxious to get home, and who am I to complain of the pace he set once we had departed my father's hall. I had told Ada I was looking forward to the experience and that I would do all in my power to give a good impression both of our kind and of my king to the dwarves under the mountain. Now as we come almost in sight of the entrance I find myself wishing my father had forbidden me to make this journey. How will I be received? Will I be able to uphold the honor of my father and king? I shudder as I recall the dark, dank, dangerous halls of Moria and the horrors the Fellowship encountered there; the smell of death and decay, the darkness. Shut away from all that is natural and right, the sunshine, the stars, the song of the trees. Beneath the earth there is only silence, heavy oppressive silence. Menacing stone on all sides, above and below; walls pressing in on every side and no air, or at least no fresh air, no light, save the flickering of fire and torch. I have to fight with every sinew to keep from panicking and running for all I am worth back to my beloved trees. Surely, if Gimli could overcome his dislike of forests I can survive another trip into a dwarven mountain. It will not be the same as Moria I try to reassure myself. This is a thriving community and it is my friend's home. My own father's stronghold is built into the side of a mountain; save that even inside there is air and light, for the caverns do not delve deeply into the earth. Carvings and tapestries cover the stone walls and plants grow and thrive. Yet even there I prefer to be outside and under the canopy of the stars rather than solid rock If I am not to shame my father, and myself I must do all I can to show the denizens of Erebor that an elf can learn to live deep beneath the ground. It is the least I can do, after all Gimli has done for me, I owe it to him and to my own kin to represent them as well as I possibly can. Yet, with each step that carries me closer to the mountain my courage sinks and my nervousness increases. Without realizing it my pace slows until I am all but dragging my feet. Gimli looks back at me with a frown. "What is it Laddie? Is aught amiss?" How am I supposed to answer that? We have been walking now for half a day, our Elven escort having stopped to wait in the edge of the forest for their Prince to return to them. Already the land is filled with the waters of the great River Running where it trickles down in hundreds of winding courses. A strong stream flows through the center of the mist and as I look ahead I see it. The great lone mountain looms in the distance, with its highest peak hidden from sight in the clouds. This is the point in any journey when I feel that I am truly home. I hurry my steps in my desire to arrive home. It has been too long that I have slept among the trees, and I suddenly long for the comfort and security that comes from being inside solid stone walls. With any luck, we will be inside the gates this night, though I cannot help wondering if things will be the same, for I have recently received some tragic news. My kinsman and King, Dain II, known as Ironfoot, is no longer among the living. It is a sad loss for Durin's folk, for he had reigned for nearly eighty years and will be sorely missed. Well I remember the tales that were told to me as a child about the great warrior, Dain, who hewed off the head of the Orc Chieftain, Azog, to avenge his slain father, at a time when he was barely old enough to be considered battle ready. The Great Red Axe, Barazantathul, was used to accomplish this amazing feat and Dain was never seen without it during battle until King Thorin II Oakenshield was lost during the Battle of the Five Armies. It was at some point in that battle that the Great Axe was lost, and after it that Dain Ironfoot was made King Under the Mountain. It is difficult to believe he is gone, and yet he died fighting right at the very gates defending the home that he loved. He died with honor and at a ripe old age, and a dwarf cannot ask for better than that. I am certain his son Thorin III Stonehelm, will fill his shoes with dignity and honor. It is he who has sent a personal invitation to my traveling companion, which I consider to be a grand triumph. The Elves of the Wood, have not been welcome under the mountain, and a rift remains between our two realms, so I was deeply touched that this invitation had been extended. It is a testament to the King's respect for me, that he was willing to entertain what must have seemed an unusual request. I hope it will have a healing influence for my people to see that a friendship is possible between our two races. For indeed, the elf who walks behind me has become much more than a friend. He has become a kinsman to me; very like a son. I do not think I would feel this any more strongly had he come from my own seed, though that may be difficult to explain to some folks, my own mother and father to begin with. Talking of my elfling, he has become very quiet over the last little while. I have been so caught up in my memories and excitement to be home that I have not been paying proper attention. I turn to see why he has fallen so far behind and notice that he is looking decidedly uncomfortable having become quite pale and is breathing erratically. Immediately I become alarmed. I know Legolas will say I am a terminal worrywart, and while that may be true, he has given me plenty of cause to worry. His stubborn carelessness came close to getting him killed on our journey back to his home, so now I feel I must keep a constant watch to make sure everything is well. I wait for him to catch up to me before I speak. "What is it, Laddie? Is aught amiss?" He hesitates as if to speak, and then only shrugs one shoulder which is hardly an acceptable answer. "You had best remember the promise you made to your ada, and keep nothing from me. Now answer me honestly, for I can see something is amiss. Are you well?" Though I know he will find it irritating, I cannot help reaching out to touch his brow, checking for