This story is part 6 of the Legendary Friendship series written by co authors Minnie and Beth. Thank so much to everyone who has been following our stories and commenting so far. For this story to make sense it will help if you've read at least the first one of the series called Legendary Friendship. It will also help to read the following stories, but it is not entirely necessary. In our alternate universe elves come of age at age 1,000. Legolas is around 800 or so at this time and Gimli has been appointed to act as his guardian when he is away from home. We do know what Professor Tolkien says about the age of consent for elves, but we've decided to respectfully ignore this. This series was written originally for discipline fic group so they contain Consensual (tacit agreement) non sexual spanking. If this offends please do not read. As ever we'd love to hear your (polite) comments. Beth for Minnie and Beth Gimli's pov (reading a letter) From the pen of Thranduil Oropherion Lord of Eryn Lasgalen, Gimli Elvellon I write to beseech you to once again take up the mantle of care for my only child Legolas Thranduilion heir to the throne of Eryn Lasgalen, the Wood of Green Leaves. You proved yourself adept in deciphering the needs of my son and in dealing with those particular needs in your own unique but highly efficacious fashion during the Fellowship and its aftermath as you brought him safe home to me. I cannot ever find the words to express my gratitude for all that you did to ensure that he came back to those who loved him. Please do not think that I do not acknowledge the role you played in that return or that I do not value the love you expended upon him. I know and can never be sufficiently grateful for that care and while Legolas may demur as to the need for your concern I know better. Knowing the love you have for my son I make bold as to ask once again for your help, Legolas is determined to travel south to Gondor to mark the first anniversary of the relief of Minas Tirith. I freely admit to being in something of a quandary as to why a one-year anniversary is so important. Legolas tells me it is something to do with mortality and I have decided to take him at his word. I have reluctantly given him my blessing for his travel to Minas Tirith, for he made certain promises to Estel Elrondion about helping to beautify the White City if and when the war was won. I would not have him be seen to break his word even though I am reluctant to let him from my side so soon after his return. It has only been a few months, the tiniest fraction of time as far as we of the Eldar reckon it. Yet given his propensity to live with mortal kind I have to accept that, that is long enough for many changes to have taken place in their lives and I am concerned he may find some of those changes very difficult to accept. What I am saying in my rather long-winded fashion is that I need someone he loves and cares for to keep an 'eye" on him. I will not seek to hide from you that he has found the winter he has spent at home difficult. Mayhap I expected too much from him, or he had changed so much that the normal restrictions that would be expected of a prince of our realm chafed on him. He wanted freedom, he objected to the boundaries that were set for him and constantly tested them, it has made for a difficult Rhiw and I fear you may find that he has become even more 'flighty' than you remember. What I would ask of you Elvellon is that you do not relent in your vigilance towards my son nor do you lessen in your determination to 'deal' with him as his needs dictate. He will continue to have need of your firm hand and your unfailing love in the months ahead and I beg, something that I rarely do, that you do not fail him in that need. I ask that you keep me appraised on how my son comports himself in the city of stone and remind him that a letter home to his parent would be very much welcomed and is not as difficult thing to achieve as he appears to believe. I place all my trust in you Gimli son of Gloin and offer you my profound gratitude for all you have done or may do for my son Thranduil Oropherion I fold the parchment and put it back in my pocket. I have read this letter many times since receiving it over two months ago before I left my new home in Algarond to travel to Minas Tirith. I had been pleased to receive the news that Legolas had managed to gain permission to return to the White City, for I had been afraid that his father would be loathe to let him go so soon. I have sorely missed him and so quickly sent a reply telling of my willingness to continue to take charge of the lad. It is something I am happy to do and would have done anyway, even with out this special request. I believe I will always think of him as my charge, no matter how mature he may become in the coming years. My job will be made somewhat easier, though, now that I have the King's backing, for I am certain Legolas has been instructed as to what is expected of him and was likely made to promise to heed me before he was allowed one step away from the stronghold in Eryn Lasgalen. I am not surprised to hear that he has found the winter at home difficult. His absence during the war was without permission and many of his actions after it proved that he still does not always make the best or most sensible choices. In fact I would say it is a rare event indeed when he does bother to think through the repercussions of his actions. It is no wonder his father had him under close watch since his return. Who could blame him? He has been given ample reason to be concerned. Legolas has at times admitted to the wisdom of having been placed in the care of a guardian. We became very close during out year together and I think he appreciated my care and attention, but he often felt that I, like his minders at home, was overprotective and far too watchful. He felt he was perfectly capable of making his own decisions regarding what was acceptable for him to do, something that often had us at odds. No, it is not surprising or unusual that he has been kept on such a short leash or that this has him cross and chafing under the scrutiny. My work is cut out for me it seems, especially after considering some of the more recent developments here in the city that I have recently been made aware of. I laugh wryly thinking about my first meeting with the King and Queen of Gondor, when I arrived here several days ago. Legolas is not the only one who is tired of being watched. Upon my arrival, I was first escorted to a very comfortable apartment of rooms within the citadel, where I can stay together with the elfling. Perhaps Aragorn has received a letter from King Thranduil as well stating the necessity of this, or maybe he has used his own discernment considering the climate in the city. I do not know, but as soon as I had made myself presentable, I was taken to meet King Elessar, not in the formal receiving hall, but in his private chambers. He apologized for greeting me in such a casual fashion, but stated that after months of sleeping on the ground back to back with someone, it is hard to be concerned over etiquette and besides that he didn't feel like dressing up. I heartily agreed and we were enjoying a companionable conversation and a smoke, when I enquired of the Queen. It was then that he told me of the rumors of a small group of insurgents who are unhappy with his choice of Queen. They object to the fact that she is not fully human and would like to keep the White City free of any elvish influence for fear the human population will lose their control of the city. Tales of whispered threats managed to reach the King's ears, and he now feels it necessary to keep his Queen guarded night and day, something the Lady has objected strongly to evidently. "You will soon see what I mean, Friend Gimli," Aragorn told me, "It is not the way I had hoped to begin our marriage." And it was only minutes after that that I did see what he meant. A light but swift step could be heard coming toward the King's chamber, quickly followed by the heavy thud of many pairs of boots. Next I heard a feminine voice muttering under her breath and then, "I have had quite enough of this constant harassment. NO, I do not want to hear again what the King says; there are some things that are meant to be private. DO NOT FOLLOW ME!" The door opened just enough to permit her slight form to enter and then was slammed soundly behind her. Leaning with her back against the door, she immediately lit into her husband. "Estel this has gotten entirely out of hand. I cannot say hello to the chambermaid without half a dozen men drawing swords and rifling through her cleaning supplies. Every staff member walks a wide path around me to avoid being harassed by my protectors and all because of some unproven bit of gossip. Furthermore, I cannot even take a proper pee without getting stage fright from the guards listening at the door! You must put a stop to this or I will be tempted to turn in my resignation as Queen!" Such language for a Lady! Aragorn turned helplessly to me, "See what I mean?" "Lord Gimli!" The Queen flushed brightly noticing me for the first time. "I did not realize you were here already. I hope you have found your accommodations to your liking." "Indeed they are more than suitable, My Lady." I said, "I am certain we will be quite comfortable there." "We?" The Lady looked puzzled. "Oh yes, Legolas is staying with you isn't he? It is well that you will be here to watch out for him, especially considering the rum…" She frowned suddenly and swallowed her words. "What is that you were saying, Arwen?" Aragorn was quick to jump on her error. "Especially considering the rumors going around the city. Is that it?" "That is not what I was going to say!" "I suppose you think that these rumors bode ill for all but you. Legolas needs to be protected, but you don't, is that what you meant?" He turned to me for support, "That sounds very like a double standard, wouldn't you agree Gimli?" Before I had decided how to answer that delicate question, the Queen's face grew extraordinarily dark indeed. Her fists and teeth clenched, she replied, "No it is not! It is a totally different situation. That crazy, flighty elfling has such a propensity for trouble that he should be surrounded by a contingent of specially trained guards at all times. I on the other hand can take care of myself! Now if you will excuse me, I came in here for a reason" With that she stomped off to attend to her private business, leaving Aragorn and