I set my mount into a canter for we are almost there. Behind me the escort my Adar insisted travelled with me increase their speed to match my own. I have spent the last year in Eryn Lasgalen, and I have enjoyed it very much. Well much of it I have enjoyed, I amend, for spending time with my Adar is almost always a mixed blessing for someone who is on the cusp of reaching adulthood. Well, of course I have another two hundred years before I actually come of age but to an elf that is hardly any time at all. Still despite that my year under the canopy of the giant beeches has been a good one. I have learned a great deal, for now that I have my own demesne I was willing to take more notice of the goings on at court and the way my Adar, Beliond, and Selinde deal with the politics. I wish I had taken note of those lessons earlier in life but better late than never I suppose. But now I am riding south and soon I will see the great fortress of Helms Deep beneath which is the realm of my second father Gimli son of Gloin, the great Lord of Aglarond. I chuckle to myself at the thought. I am escaping one parent only to place myself in the hands quite literally of another. Yet I would not be without either of my fathers for each brings their own strengths to the task of educating their recalcitrant child. I do my best to be an apt pupil but I suspect that neither Ada nor Gimli think I have learnt my lessons well. For now, I look up at the White Mountains and know I am almost home again. I promised Gimli I would be here in plenty of time for Greirr's birthday. It is to be a special occasion for it is Greirr's coming of age. It is an important occasion for a dwarf, just as it is for any youngling of any race who reaches his or her majority. Of course each race sets its own time limit, and elves to my chagrin, set their age for adulthood as a thousand years. Hobbits come of age when they are thirty three, most men other than those of Númenórean descent are considered to be men at the age of twenty. And dwarflings do not come of age until they are forty years old. I suppose it is all to do with the eventual life span of their race. Anyway I promised Gimli I would be here in time to share in the celebrations and ceremonies that form part of that move from youth to adulthood for Dorbryn's son. I would not wish to miss it despite the fact that it is yet another occasion when I am left behind as another of my mortal friends and family move on into the adult world. It is both irritating and frustrating, but it can hardly be accounted to be Greirr's fault so I am determined to put a good face on what lies ahead and not to repine too much on my own situation. I spent quite some time trying to come up with a suitable gift for my dwarven brother but in the end it was Adar who found what I hope will be the perfect present for Greirr. It is a dagger, which came originally from Gondolin. Although it is an ancient elven design, Adar says he believes that some of the work is definitely dwarven. The design is simple but elegant, and I spent much of the winter making a sheath and belt that will enhance the beauty of it. I hope it will prove a suitable and welcome gift to mark Greirr's move into full adulthood. I carry other gifts as well from my Adar and others in the stronghold. Most have never met Greirr but all know Gimli and Lady Vonild and wish to honour them by sending presents for the birthday celebrations. I have been very careful to watch over the packages which are stowed on one of the pack horses and will be happy to hand them over to Mam to keep safe until the feast. It will be an interesting experience to be part of or at least to be allowed to observe the ceremonies that mark a dwarf's transition to adult life. Each race seems to have their own traditions and while men and Hobbits seem to have no desire to keep their customs hidden, dwarves are a different matter altogether. I have been privileged indeed to have witnessed all that I have, for outworlders are not normally given access to dwarven practises They guard their civilisation closely not using their own true names outside and not encouraging non dwarves to learn their language. Again I have been fortunate in being adopted into Gimli's kin, and therefore have had more opportunities than most to share their lives. I had thought that I knew quite a bit about dwarves, for I was considered to be well taught, but what we knew of dwarven society was in fact very little, an ignorance that only served to foster suspicion and ill will between our peoples, and Gimli tells me that was true also for his own folk. Between us we are doing what we can to end that distrust. Sometimes I wish that were not the case for I was foolish enough to make a critical remark to Selinde about the dearth of factual books on dwarven society within our own library and he of course seized upon the idea and suggested, very strongly I might add that one way to end that lack would be for me to write a history of dwarven life as I observed it. I said that I did not believe Gimli would approve of such an intrusion, which I hoped would put an end to what could only mean many hours of hard work for me. But Selinde then wrote to Gimli behind my back explaining the idea and somehow got not only his permission but also his enthusiastic approval as long as he could help oversee the project, so now I am tasked in writing and illustrating a history of the dwarves of Aglarond from an elven point of view. Greirr's coming of age will mean yet another long chapter I do not doubt. Ah well it is my own fault I suppose and in truth I enjoy the illustrating at least. As the coombe comes into view from the hill my heart lightens. Snaking across the valley floor from the Keep to Edoras in the far distance is the canal system Gimli devised some years ago, now it is a well-known landmark although still much remarked upon for its engineering feats and the benefit it has brought. I know from my correspondence with Gimli, Eomer King and Estel that a similar canal is being planned between Minas Tirith and Osgiliath. No doubt Gimli will tell me all about it when we sit down to catch up on news and that thought makes me smile for it will not be long now before I am back with Gimli and we can share stories over what has happened over the last year. I last saw him when I was on my way north and I have missed him terribly, although to an elf, of course, a year is not a long time. Maybe I am beginning to think like a mortal. I see the Deeping Wall and my eyes move automatically to the right where Gimli's folk have built an entrance to their new realm. There is a sweep of broad stairs which lead to gates which are of solid stone, carved with a deceptively simple design but one which incorporates not only his own emblems of the House of Durin but also the sigil of the House of Éomer Éadig and also there is an acknowledgement of Gimli's association with Gondor, the Shire, and Eryn Lasgalen. In my eyes the entrance is a far more beautiful than the one to Erebor. The guards must have been on the watch for us for the gates open as we arrive and there framed in the open door way is Gimli who claps his hands in delight and hurries down to greet us. "Welcome home my Lamb." I leap down from my horse and embrace my dwarf with just as much enthusiasm as he is hugging me and I notice with some concern that in my absence my guardian has collected a few more grey hairs in his hair and beard. My heart clenches at the thought of him getting 'older'. He has no such concerns for he tells me that I am looking well. "Your Ada has been taking good care of ye. He is well of course?" I laugh, "As ever" "Ye have not teased him overmuch I trust?" "You will have to read his letter to you to find out his opinion on that matter. Personally I think I behaved with propriety. Ada may have a contrary view of course. He usually does." "Aye, I wonder why that is?" I have so missed the mischievous note in that gruff voice and the twinkling light in the dark eyes that I choose to ignore the question, and instead merely bask in the fact that I am with Gimli son of Gloin once more. "It is good to be here again," I manage His eyes glisten as he answers "and it is good to have ye here. It would not have been a proper family occasion without ye and this is going to be quite an occasion." Before I can respond to this with questions as to what the celebrations will entail he is ordering his guards to guide my escort to where they can stable their horses and find accommodations for the night as they will travel home tomorrow no doubt carrying with them letters and other items from Gimli and his family to my Adar. Ada and Gimli and Ada and Mam have become quite regular correspondents. I wonder sometimes what is written about me in the letters that go back and forth but I am rarely made party to the contents, unless of course I have managed to do something outrageous. "Bring in Prince Legolas' baggage," Gimli calls, and when I whisper to him he adds, "And take care with it all, as there are fragile items within. Come Lamb Mam is waiting." Together we go into the cave system, and down through the levels until we reach Gimli's private apartments. As we walk I take the time to ask about the upcoming birthday celebrations. Gimli grins and taps the side of his nose. "All in good time, Lamb, all in good time." It is frustrating but I know well Gimli will not answer until he is ready to do so, so I follow him down through the hallways and as he pushes open the door he calls out, "I found this waif and stray hanging about outside Mam" Lady Vonild drops the towel she is holding and holds out her arms. "Lambkin!" Once again I am enfolded into a dwarven embrace. Mam brushes hair away from my forehead and kisses me. "We have missed ye laddie, welcome home. I will get ye something to eat, for ye are still too thin to my way of thinking I have made your favourite fruit bread." I hold onto Mam a moment or two longer than usual because I do not wish her to see the shock in my face. Since last I saw her Lady Vonild has aged a great deal. She is thinner, and her back no longer straight. Has all that happened in just a year? Of course I know she is a good age for a dwarven matron, but to see her so changed is