FINDING HOME: A Twilight's Eclipse - Breaking Dawn AU Fanfiction By Fantasy Writer Charlie Swan broke the silence between him and his daughter "Ok so you're not grounded anymore. But I want you to use your newfound freedom to see some of your other friends like Jacob" Bella winced, she kept trying but Jake wouldn't give her the time of day. "Also" he continued, "I'm going to need your help a little more around here, because your cousin Nicki is coming." Bella's eyes lit up "Really? That's great Dad!" Thinking that with someone else here keeping house, she'd have more time to spend with Edward. "I wouldn't get so excited Bells. That poor kid's had it rough these last ten years. Losing either parents in one form or another. She's going to need help." Bella sighed, hearing the weight in her father's words . "Oh! I'm so sorry Dad, but I don't see why you need me around more I mean Nicki can surely take care of herself right?" Charlie groaned, "Bells, the poor girl has no legs" Bella blinked as she let the information sink in. "What?" "There was an accident…" Bella sat in her room thinking 'Ok so I'm free but conditionally: 1, I have to patch things up with Jake if he'll let me. 2, I'm stuck babysitting my 15 year old legless cousin when she arrives. But that doesn't matter for soon I will have forever to spend with Edward and the rest of my family. Oh the joys of being immortal! If only Edward would let the marriage idea go. I would give him anything else. Now I understand that things were different in his time but can't he see that doesn't work for now. I mean look at Charlie and Renee: They married young, had me and were divorced within the first two years. And the idea of Children, Forget it! I raised Renee. Not to sound mean, did she do anything for me besides giving birth? Now I'm going to raise somebody else…." Nicole Swan (aka) Nicki: 'The sound of rain on the roof of the cruiser is almost like nature's lullaby to my ears. I'm fighting to stay awake though. It's not a good idea to fall asleep in front of a cop even if he is my Uncle. Given my experience of having police "escort" me back to "my" foster home. But that's in the past, time to see my favorite pampered "Cousin." "Sorry the guestroom isn't ready yet. There wasn't enough time" said Uncle Charlie after we finished bringing in the bags. "Its fine, I brought an air mattress that I can set up in the living room." Charlie looked at me uncomfortably, obviously aware of my "situation". "You're sure? I have to go to work but I could have Bella help you when she gets back." then whispered to himself "Damn Cullen Boy". Before Bella's voice called out from the kitchen "Dad! Be Nice! We are here you know" "Sorry!" Charlie then grumbled "Just great" As I got closer I heard: "He'll warm up to you… eventually. Just give him time". Then the boy dubbed Edward spoke up " Love, if he hasn't done it yet, he probably never will. Just accept it ." "NO! I-" Bella started to shout but stopped as she saw me coming around the corner. "Nicki" she greeted, trying to sound welcoming but I wasn't fooled. "Nice to see you again" "Thank you, you look good" I answered politely. "More than good" said Edward, chalk white boy. He snickered as Bella once again took the reins and introduced us. As I shook his hand I noticed how cold he was but I ignored it and excused myself to make some hot chocolate. Letting the lovebirds do their thing. I returned to the living room to find my bed all set and Edward and Bella making up the sheets and everything. This was a surprise I know how less than thrilled she is that I'm here. I've heard it all before: Another burden of responsibility cramping their style. Edward popped his head up and looked at me with a sad and concerned expression. Can he hear me? He nodded once, I inaudibly gasped quickly motioned quietly for him to zip it. I think Edward got the message for he smiled and turned his attention back to Bella. "You guys, thank you. Just try to remember: I'm Disabled not Helpless" They both laughed. Later that night….as I struggled to sleep. My ears picked up soft mumbling from upstairs. I recognized the voices. Apparently Edward and Bella were having a sleepover in her room, not that I care. None the less I figured I'd better do the right thing and check on her. Uncle Charlie did mention she had a rough time getting through the night. I managed to wobble all the way to the chair lift. Once I reached the top I overheard: "I know the consequences to the choices you're making. After a few decades, everyone you know will be dead…. My Bella just less fragile." "Nicki's coming" I opened the door, finding Bella laying on her bed by herself. "You two alright?" I asked. "Yes we're – How did you know?" "Please! I have very good hearing. Now if you and your undead lover would cease to make the bed springs creak and pop. You might be able to get away with it" I turned around and retreated but not before catching a glimpse of Bella's dilated pupils. I had just gotten comfortable when I felt a wintery presence, opening my eyes to find Edward staring at me. "What do you want?" I groaned. Now I understand most girls at Fork High would kill to have that happen to them but not me. Especially at 2:30 in the morning when I haven't had enough sleep. "I just want to talk" "Not now" Edward positioned himself on my makeshift bed and smiled down at me. "You sure?" "Very" I stated starting to get annoyed with his dazzling attempt. "Listen, what you're doing may work on other "dimwitted" women but not me" That wiped the smirk right off his face and raised an eyebrow. "I don't do well without sleep" He nodded solemnly. "Discussion for tomorrow? When I've had sleep and coffee" holding my hand out as if making a deal. Wordlessly he put his arctic hand in mine and shook it. "Until tomorrow" he agreed. As the days and weeks passed, I found myself falling into the simple routine of School and Home. Sure people looked at me strangely (especially in gym) but that was nothing new to me. Edward, whenever he came over for Bella, had decided much to my pleasure. To leave me be after our little talk. I suppose you're wondering how that went. I'll give you the Reader's Digest: I confirmed I knew his "secret". NO! I wasn't going to tell. WHY? That was my business not his. Just know that he and his family were safe from me squealing. Edward the pessimist, pointed out that a human knowing of the "existence" must either be killed or "turned". Judging by the way he spoke to Bella. You could tell he wasn't in favor of the change. So I asked him if he was offering to "speed up" the process. Seeing as I was already sick and had basically come "home" to die. That shut him up! I concluded our chat saying "Not talking" before walking away on my new "legs". Bella was another thing… After the first week, I got tired of Charlie instructing Bella to stay home and watch me instead of hanging out with Edward and his family. And listening to her try to hide her groan. So finally I sat them down and explained: "Look, I'm not helpless and I'm definitely NOT RENEE (I said for her benefit). I've been taking care of myself for years and that not about to stop now. If Bella wants to go hang out with her friends, she should. I'm quite used to being alone. But I'll have your cell numbers just in case alright." Charlie was surprised but agreed, Bella was incredulous as she stared at me. The girl honestly didn't realize how much we were alike in that aspect: Independence. From that time on things were different between us. Bella knew that I knew about Edward and his family: The Cullen's. But luckily she was ignorant of the rest (aka my condition). My special thanks to the mind reader for not blabbing. I had never met them apart from Edward. So she filled me in on everyone, grateful and thrilled to have someone who was in on the secret that could be trusted. She invited me to the Cullen's several times, saying they wanted to meet me. Even Edward backed her up but I respectfully declined. I wouldn't let myself get tangled up with Vampires again, I couldn't. Fate had other plans though. Sooner or later I, like Bella was destined to meet and join the Cullen family. Not as a mate but something I'd only ever dreamed of… It began with Bella one day, "humphing" her way through the door carrying mountainous store bought bags of clothes. "Alice?" I asked "How'd you guess?" She stated breathing heavy. "She says that she got to see me wearing them at least once before I can take anything back." A light bulb went off in my head as I got an idea. I rushed off to get my phone with video recording. We ended up making music videos, matching each outfit with a fitting song. I worked behind the scenes in different "costumes" encouraging and making her laugh. Then emailed the videos to Alice. Literally seconds later the phone rang followed by a high pitched squealed giggle/scream upon answering. "Oh my God Bella! I can't believe you did this! I am so proud of you! Tell Nicki thank you!" "You're welcome ma'am" I replied not knowing what to say. Alice gasped followed by laughter along with others came through the receiver. "Because you helped Bella, I'll forgive you. This once" she growled warning playfully. And that was my introduction to the "over caffeinated" pixie we all know and love…. I would meet the whole clan in person less than a week later. 3rd Person's POV: (Phone ringing) "Forks Police Station, Chief Swan" "Hi Charlie, this is Esme Cullen. Edward and Alice's mother." 'Oh Great!' thought Charlie, he had mixed feelings when it came to the Cullen's'. "What can I do for you ma'am?" "I was wondering if we could have Bella and even Nicki come over and stay at our house for a couple days." The Chief thought for a moment, there was no way Bella (though she was technically an adult) much less Nicki stay in the same house as Edward. He was about to say "No" when Esme spoke up and said "The boys and Carlisle aren't going to be here. They're going on a camping trip this weekend and Alice would really like to have a sleepover with them. We're also really anxiously excited to meet Nicki." 'If Edwin wasn't going to be there, what's the harm? But Nicki-?" "Bella can go over and stay if she wants Mrs. Cullen." "Thank you Charlie, And Nicki?" She asked hopefully. "Nicki's not coming" "Oh" Esme inquired, disappointed "Why not? Believe me Charlie, she'll be safe. Just as much as Bella. I promise" "I have no doubt of that Mrs. Cullen" "Please call me Esme we're almost like family now" Charlie inwardly shudder at the thought of Bella marrying that…. "Esme" taking a breath in preparation of what "needed" to be said. He only prayed the kind woman would listen and not be offended. "As one parent to another I must tell you… Nicki… through no fault of her own… doesn't do well at night… even here in her own bed. See,