Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns the characters. I'm borrowing them. I was originally going to post these when I finished the story, but since this chapter is taking me quite a lot longer than it really should be and I really hate leaving you guys for this long without an update, so I'll post these instead. And more than likely, they won't be in order. I can't say that for sure just yet, but I'm pretty positive that I'll be jumping around with them. I will always let you know where they're from, though. Promise. This was originally the beginning of chapter thirteen, but I scrapped it when I realized that it was going absolutely nowhere. ~*~ *Edward* "Alice! We have to go!" I yelled from the bottom of the stairs the next morning at six. "You're going to miss your damn flight!" "I'm leaving something for Bella! I'll be there in just a minute!" I growled up at the direction of her voice and stomped over to sit at the table, crossing my arms over my chest. I was pissy, yes. It was six in the morning, Bella had left for work twenty minutes ago, and I was left with the task of corralling my little sister on my fucking vacation . It didn't help that Alice had kept Bella at a safe distance from me all morning, either. She'd stubbornly insisted that she spend her remaining time with the woman that she also stubbornly insisted would eventually be her sister-in-law before she had to leave. Bella had assured me that she didn't mind while I watched forlornly as Alice shuffled her off into the bathroom. She might not have minded, but I sure as hell did. I didn't even get to kiss her before she left for work. I barely got to see her as Alice shoved her out the door and demanded that I help her repack her two highly unnecessary designer suitcases as Bella's truck rumbled off down the road and away from me for the rest of the day. And when we were done with that, she'd ordered me – actually ordered me – to put the damn things in the car while she got dressed and ready. And now she was leaving something – and I wasn't entirely sure I trusted her on that - for my girlfriend. If she missed her flight and had to spend one more day here, interrupting all this precious time with the woman I was completely in love with, it was altogether possible that I'd kill her. I'd never be able to go home to my family ever again, but at this point, I began thinking that it might be worth it in the end. "Alice!" I yelled again, listening carefully to hear her absurdly high heels sounding on the floors above me. "We need to go!" "Do you really want to get rid of me that quickly, big brother?" she yelled back. "Yes, princess , I do!" I winced when I heard shattering sounds from above me and groaned, unfolding my arms from my chest to lean forward and rest my head in my hands. "Whoops!" I heard her sarcastically exclaim. I fisted my hands in my hair and pulled, closing my eyes tightly and taking deep, even breaths in a sad effort to calm the raging urge to go up there and throw her out of the bedroom window. And the feel of my fingers in my hair made my head snap up. I needed my hat. There was no fucking way in hell that I was going out in public without it. Especially when I was in this kind of a mood; the last thing I needed was to get a hysterical email from Jeannie asking why the hell I attacked an innocent fan in an airport. Hell, there wouldn't be a point in going back to California either. I'd have to stay here. A grin lit up my face as I stood up, damn near skipping to the front door and grabbing my jacket off of the rocking chair. I could stay here with Bella. I could always be with her. There would be no need to leave and no need to put myself through the kind of torture I'd feel at being away from her for an extended amount of time. Maybe attacking someone wouldn't be a bad idea, after all. "Okay, I'm ready!" Alice clicked down the stairs, her hands in the air as she walked over to me. "I hope you didn't like that vase you had on your night stand." She smiled innocently as she grabbed her coat. "As a matter of fact, I didn't." I smiled smugly down at her as she scowled and jabbed her arms into her coat. "But mom did." "Fuck," she mumbled, snatching up her purse and slinging it over her shoulder. "I have to put my hat on," I told her, smiling brightly as I grabbed my keys from the table and locked the door behind me. The way I felt when just thinking about her never ceased to amaze me. I'd wanted to strangle my only sister a minute ago and now I was happily grinning at anything and everything in my path. All because of one woman that had completely altered the way I felt about everything. "That thing is ugly," Alice sighed heavily, shaking her head and mumbling to herself as she slammed the door shut behind her and followed me down the porch steps. "That thing saves me a hell of a lot of grief. It'll also keep you from being mauled, so you might want to be thankful for it." "Why would I get mauled? You're the one they're after." "But you're the one with me. That's bound to make people terrorize you, too." "Have I ever told you how much I hate your career choice?" I unlocked the car and crawled in, ignoring her as I reached behind my seat to grab the bandana from where I'd thrown both it and the hat after picking her up from the airport two days ago. I plopped into the driver's seat and flipped down the visor to stare at my hair as I lay the bandana on top of it, quickly flipping the back down and knotting the ends at the back of my neck. "You look ridiculous," Alice sighed as she plopped into the passenger's side seat and shook her head. "Absolutely ridiculous." I continued to grin as I snapped the mirror back into place and closed my door, grabbing the keys I'd dropped from my lap and sticking it in the ignition. "Yes, I know." She rolled her eyes again, rummaging around in the duffel bag she called a purse before coming up with a pair of sunglasses and quickly slipping them onto her nose. "When are you going to tell her?" My grin faded and I glared over at her as I backed out of the driveway, my eyes landing on the empty house across the street as I straightened out and started my way out of town. "I don't know, Alice." "Soon, right? I mean, you're leaving soon, you know." I grit my teeth together, tightening the hold on the steering wheel as I reached the end of the street. "I'd really rather not think about that right now." "You have to, you ass! It's not going to go away! The only thing disappearing is you!" I winced, hunching my shoulders forward as I stared hard at the small house sitting at the end of the road as I waited to turn. I was aware of that. Acutely aware that I'd have to leave an amazing woman behind while I flew back to the other side of the country; this was not news to me. It was damn near painful, that's what it was. "I know," I said through clenched teeth as I turned onto the main road and began the twenty minute trek to get on the Northway. "You already know how she feels about you, Edward! I don't understand the dilemma." She huffed, crossing her arms over her chest as she pouted out at the passing scenery. "It's… Alice," I sighed heavily, sucking in a deep breath and sitting up straight in my seat. "It needs to be perfect, all right?" "You can make any damn moment perfect, Edward. As long as you finally tell her and get it out there, it'll be perfect when it happens." "I don't want to screw this up." "The only way you'll screw anything up is if you don't tell her before you go. Do you think it's fair to leave here without telling her how you really feel about her?" "No," I said quietly, licking my lips as I did my best to relax my hands on the steering wheel. "Then don't you think you should do something soon?" "I will. Just because you rushed head first into it with Jasper doesn't mean that I have to do the same with Bella." "At least he always knew how I felt about him," she reasoned, one of her eyebrows arching over the top of her over-sized sunglasses. "He never had to second guess anything." "Who says she's second guessing anything?" I looked over at her, my neck nearly snapping at the motion as the panic welled up in my throat. "Did she say something?" "Oh, good Christ," she mumbled, shaking her head and placing a hand on her forehead. "You need to tell her, Edward. The both of you need to get it out in the open because it's damn obvious to the rest of us." I looked back at the road, momentarily biting my bottom lip as I maneuvered around a wayward trash can sitting haphazardly on the side of the road. "It is?" "Almost like you smack me in the face with it each time I'm in the same room with you two. Tell her, Edward. You already know that you won't be shot down because you heard it straight from her." "She's only falling, Alice," I mumbled. "She hasn't gotten there yet." She was quiet and I could feel her staring at me, burning holes into the side of my head. "You're an idiot." I pursed my lips. "Thank you," I said dryly. "Edward, when a girl brings in her best friends to meet you she isn't merely falling . She's there ; she's exactly where you wanted her to be. Why you haven't figured any of this out yet is beyond me." "It's not like I've got much experience in this whole being in love thing, Alice!" I exclaimed, throwing my hands in the air and letting them fall against the wheel again. "How the hell am I supposed to know what any of it means?" "You should know how you feel and that's all that should matter to you right now. You know how you feel when you're with her and you know how you feel about her, right?" I nodded once, once again having to force my hands to relax when I realized that I'd tightened them around the wheel again. "And you know how she feels about you, so I don't really understand what the hold up is." I stared hard at the road in front of me, my eyes narrowed. Of course she wouldn't understand what the problem was; she didn't have as many obstacles to deal with when she found Jasper. She wasn't living clear across the country from him when she realized that she wanted to spend the rest of her life with him and she hadn't started her fashion line yet. She didn't have to deal with any of the same things that I did when it came to Bella and it only managed to piss me off again. "I'm fucking terrified! That's what the damn hold up is!" I finally shouted, sucking in another deep breath as