Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns the characters. I'm borrowing them. Written for the Broken Record Holiday Contest and hey, I actually won it, too. How awesome is that shit? So thanks everyone for voting for me and for being awesome and reading. And to my girls who pre-read this for me; Angie and Shelley. You two are amazing and I love you both like whoa. *insert little heart thingy here* Go on over to the contest page, too, to read the rest of the entries because they're all pretty damn awesome. The link is in my favorite authors. Give some love to my Twin and my Wifey while you're there because they're awesome and I love them more than words can possibly express. I'm done gushing. Go on! :) ~*~ I pulled into the parking lot of the Forks Bowling Alley, sighing heavily as I leaned forward and turned the key, resting my forehead on the steering wheel as I took a deep breath. I listened to the engine click and cool down, the heat immediately seeping out and the ice-cold bitterness spilling in through the cracks that I didn't know about during the summer. I fucking hated the holidays. Everyone was either cheerful to the point of it being painful or they were the grouchiest sons-of-bitches that I'd ever had to help. There were no happy mediums; oh, no, that would make my life too fucking easy and who really wants to do something like that ? I shook my head, sat up straight, grabbed my keys from the ignition and my purse from the passenger side before shoving open the door and sliding from the cab. Tuesday nights were my nights. All of my best friends were in a damn bowling league – of all fucking things – and since I was the odd one out, I visited them. I wasn't coordinated enough to bowl and plus, my nails were nice and long and I kind of refused to break them by throwing a ten pound ball down a lane towards pins that I'd never hit the right way . We hung out, talked, drank and annoyed everyone else in the entire bar when they were done bowling. I hadn't been here in a while, though. With the holidays, the boss had been asking me to stay later and work harder to get ready for the shoppers each morning. I'd been more than willing to claw her eyes out on more than one occasion and had decided that no matter how damn tired I was tonight, I was drinking . It was the last night that I'd have to work late for her or with her and that deserved a damn beer. I'd worked with Rosalie at the store for a few years and we'd gotten extremely close – she was my best friend. She'd been dating Emmett for as long as I'd known her and they were the complete opposite of one another. She liked to drink and he didn't drink at all. The platinum blonde dye had seeped into her brain and he was the tech manager at the local auto shop. They'd been engaged for five years now – he was itching to get married and she was in no hurry. I don't understand quite what made them work, but most of the time, they seemed pretty content with each other so who was I to judge? Alice and Jasper were the other two that I'd met through Rose and Emmett and they were always the life of every single Tuesday night. The two of them drank and danced to the music we could hear over the televisions that Mike needed on to watch whatever game might have been on at the time. Jess spent her time at the bar, slowly getting sloppy drunk like she did every Tuesday night and then counting on her brother – Mike – to take her home. Her fiancé had passed away a few months ago while in Iraq and that was her way of coping. Mike promised that right after the holidays, he was taking her to get help no matter how much she bitched and yelled at him. When she was sober and happy, she was the nicest person I'd ever met. Drunk and depressed, she was a raging bitch and I couldn't even fault her for it. We were all different enough to get along in almost perfect harmony and I loved them almost more than I loved my own family. That was another matter entirely. I shoved my purse up on my shoulder, my keys dangling in my hand as I walked through the parking lot, ice and snow crunching under my dress shoes as I made it up to the dull blue-carpeted steps. There were a few regulars just getting finished with their league smoking by the door and I kept my head down as I walked towards them, quickly pulling open the door and stepping inside the warmth. I groaned when I saw the garland and the lights strewn all along the front desk, Christmas carols ringing throughout the entire place and setting my teeth on edge. Not only had I dealt with them all fucking day at work, but now they were here , too? I'd been dealing with them since the day after Halloween and now, on Christmas Eve, I just wanted to find the radio and turn it off. Or shoot at it so that it never played another God-forsaken Christmas carol ever fucking again. It didn't help that I'd heard Elvis sing this song at least five times alone and now, we were making it the sixth. It's no fucking wonder that everyone is so damn depressed around the holidays; aside from the money issues and family issues, half of the Christmas carols weren't all that uplifting. "Hey, Bella!" Tyler Crowley exclaimed, turning around to face me. I stared at him. He was wearing Elf ears and if he walked out from behind the damn counter with pointed shoes that had bells on them, I would scream. That was too damn much Christmas shit for any sane person to really deal with. "Hey," I mumbled, nodding at him before taking a sharp right and walking into the bar. The modest heels I wore to work clicked on the hardwood floor and a few of the girls that were stationed at the bar – Jess being one of them – looked up when they heard me. The Cue Club, as it was called, had been redesigned a few years ago. Everything was rich wood; the long bar that took up the front of the room gleamed and was the owner's pride and joy, to be perfectly honest. There was a carpeted section separated by another small breakfast bar of sorts that included round tables, a pool table, a fireplace and access to the smoker's deck. Rose and Emmett were sitting at one of the round tables, Alice and Jasper were probably out on the deck, and Mike was sitting across from Rose, his gaze focused on the flat-screen TV mounted on the wall by the fireplace. I groaned internally when I saw Rose's red shirt, white feathers or some shit adoring all the edges in a very Clause-like decoration and Emmett… well, Emmett was wearing a fucking Santa hat. Mike was dressed head to toe in red and green and I started to feel sick. I used to love the holidays. In fact, Christmas had been my favorite fucking holiday up until about ten years ago. My grandfather had gone into the hospital and we'd spent our holiday there. The year after that, my grandmother had died. The past four years, either my grandfather had been too ill to make the holiday worth it or he'd been in the hospital. If it wasn't the hospital that one of my relatives was in, I was getting dumped or my parents were in the same room with each other and attempting to see who could scream louder or put the most blame on whom. That Christmas, I'd gone back to my little apartment completely fucking hammered on my uncle's eggnog. Come to think of it, that night hadn't actually been that bad. Christmas had not been my favorite holiday for a very long time and this year wasn't making that any different. I didn't have a boyfriend to dump me and both of my parents were away on their separate holidays, but the entire idea of Christmas had been completely and utterly ruined for me. Nothing good ever happened on Christmas. "Bella!" Rose looked up and grinned at me, holding up her Coors Light bottle and motioning me over with her other hand. "I'm gonna get one first!" I exclaimed, pointing to the half-crowded bar. She nodded and smiled, settling back into her seat and reaching over the table to hold her hand in front of Mike's eyes. He jumped and slapped at her. I snorted and shook my head, shoving my keys into my coat pocket and walking to the end of the bar that wasn't as occupied. Edward, the bartender, was down at the other end, attempting to serve all the people clustered there. I smirked to myself, thankful for his black t-shirt, ripped blue jeans and the black biker boots that he always wore. The Chinese symbol for strength that he had tattooed on his back and shoulder was peeking out from underneath the top of his shirt, right on his neck. I rested my elbows on the bar, licking my bottom lip as my eyes landed on the hoop he had through the middle of his. The man was fucking gorgeous; sex on legs, if I had to put it bluntly. His bronze hair was always sticking up and disheveled, making it look as though he just had a very successful roll in between the sheets. His gorgeous green eyes were more expressive than anyone's I'd ever seen before and his jaw was a work of fucking art. Sharp edges and square, it had starred in more than a few of my not-so-innocent dreams. He was also one of the most decent, nicest, gentleman-like human beings I'd ever had the pleasure of calling a friend of sorts. Naturally, he was dating someone. He and Tanya had been together for I don't know how long and she'd hang out with us every once in a while. She was friends with Rose and while she looked the part of a bitch – long, strawberry blonde hair that was never out of place, always wearing the highest damn heels she could possibly get her hands on, and always on her cell phone due to running her own damn company – she was actually very down-to-earth and nice. She was more like Rosalie than anything – she liked to party and have a good time while Edward was usually ready to go home as soon as she showed up. I envied her more than was absolutely natural. It also might have had a lot to do with the fact that I was lonely as shit and hadn't been out on a proper date since Jake and I had broken up almost a year ago. Mike was constantly asking me to go out with him and as I stared at my reflection in the mirrored wall across from me, I gave serious consideration to finally taking him up on the offer if he asked me again tonight. I wasn't just lonely, I was also desperate. It's not that Mike was a bad guy. He was very nice. He was a very nice friend and no matter how many times I tried to tell myself that maybe we could make something out of it, I never believed myself. I could tell myself that I'd take Mike up on his offer for dinner as many damn times as I wanted, but I knew that I'd never