Nobody knows how it happened. not even the fates knew how this even came to be. but a child did what was never fated to happen. He connected the rivers. and this is the story of what has become of it. *middle of nowhere. 8300* Young perseus was constantly abused by his stepfather. he ran away. simple as that. at this time he had stumbled across a cave where there were people walking around aimlessly but they were transparent . in that day he discovered he did not need to eat. he found 5 rivers all swirling around this place with the dead people. he started digging passage ways through the black sand until he made giant passageways in to a center area. all that was left was the sand damming up the rivers. he found over the year that he had some control over the rivers. willing the water to break through the dams and they all swirled around in the center. the boy didnt slack. he made something as big as a pond. As this happened he felt so happy that his work was finally done he realised he hadn't washed in over a year. even though he didnt start stinking in the underworld he felt as though he needed a wash since he hadnt felt water in over a year. not knowing the dangers. he jumped in. and this, is where our true story begins. As the boy dove in the water he felt nothing but cool water on his skin as he began swimming. as he swam towards the center of his small pond he saw 5 women standing there, smiling. when he approached them they turned towards him, grinning and he grew uneasy. "w-who are you." little perseus muttered. little hurt him anymore. he had gotten too much used to it by his step father. a woman clad in all black started to speak. "we…. are the five rivers of the underworld." *Troy 1250 BC* It was sad. seeing people fight amongst themselves. his 'mothers' told him of the world and he became probably the most knowledgeable person in the universe. that's what it seemed like anyways. his mothers had adopted him and trained as well as taught him for years. they explained how there was a new race called titans emerging and how their power source was the mortals that belived in them. primordials however (for that was what the 5 rivers were he was told.) drew power from their elements. how kronos was the king of the titans all of them together had ruled the mortal realm before and drew their power from every single molecule of moving water in the world. and since it was never truly still on a molecular level the god of lquids as well as the primordial gods of sea and ocean faded away having forfeit their domains to the rivers. perseus so long ago allowed them to be together when for eternity they were seperated. they made him their only and first son. adopted or no you all know how godly adoptions actually change the bloodstream. so yes he was the first son of the five rivers of the underworld and their only heir. they spoke of a power he had that he had not discovered whenever they thought he wasn't listening. they later taught him on one of his visits (he rarely visited them not he was more on the surface, but occasionally visited. at the beginning he constantly asked his parents why they were so thankful for him connecting them together and they simply replied 'someday you will understand' he had complained for weeks that it wasn't a valid answer but oh the irony. he understood more than anyone. he had nobody. his parents may be loving but even if they couldn't see or feel it he saw it, they were simply grateful for him returning them to each other, eternally so. but they didn't love him even if they thought they did. how am i alive? oh well i'm stupid but you're equally so. having 6 immortal parents? oh yeah he forgot to mention. he was perses' only son. yes perseus was quite a fitting name was it not? he almost wanted to laugh at the irony and he did. it came out as a bitter short sickening laugh. oh yes growing up next to the very fields of punishment and tartarus makes someone understandably tainted. well that and having all of his parents ones that soley existed to cause misfortune. memory, discord, destruction, mortality, oaths, pain, fire, sorrow, oblivion, healing and grief. those are his inherited domains. and you wonder why he's messed up? yeah thought so. he kept moving, hunting, improving his skills, not that it could be improved much anyways. for 7 millenia this is what he did. no companions, nothing. he had nothing. how bitter it was to be the heir of mortality yet be unable to die himself. the result? a few trips to tartarus. not that he cared, he was simply careful not to venture to the mansion of night. after he returned. he wanted to kill himself again. and much to his mothers panicking. he killed himself 3 times in a row that time. at least there was something to do down there. that was the thing though. if he chose to he wouldn't die. he could give someone memories or take them away in an instant, he could cause chaos to the very foundations of matter, splitting atoms if he wished it, destroy almost anything . create any form of destruction, but destruction and discord walk hand in hand. he could stop any discord or destruction at will. his destruction and discord together he could go so far as to destroy countries. however he never really tested his powers to the fullest. he could give or take away mortality. this included invincible skin. he gained power from any oath taken, he had the power to disobey the ancient laws if an oath was broken. and make them die permanently . no he could not make them fade. nobody could do that but he could take their monster immortallity. he could cause pain like no other or simply remove it. he had complete dominion over fire, nothing special there. he could make someone see the most sad and sorrowful things in their life, if that wasn't enough then he could make them feel complete and utter sorrow. oblivion. it's exactly what it sounds like. oblivion. healing. he could heal almost any wound so long as the fates allowed it. grief was basically the same as sorrow. oh yeah i forgot to tell you. i am a god. yes. oh and the previously listed powers? his domains. what did you expect, he was the firstborn of perses he was bound to be powerful! as he observed the scene before him he couldn't help but find amusement at the stubbornness of the mortals. the king of sparta was leading greece to war for a whore?! wo. just wow. if the myrmidons and gods weren't intervening in this war he wouldv'e not given it another glance. he observed the men getting ready on their proper sides. he could tell this was the final battle. this would determine who wins or loses. lives or dies. the men of africa, perseus really couldnt bring himself to care about the name of the kingdom, were lined up with those of troy facing the remaining soldiers of greece. what he saw simply fueled his anger more. the petty goddess of the hunt and that annoying sun god were helping the trojans! in person! his cousins, the fates didn't put the ancient laws in place for no reason and even though he was above them they certainly weren't. i observed the goddess with her group of feminist bitches along with the sun god and decided to make himself known. but first he thought as he silently prayed to the fates. as much as he hated to admit it the maorai were more powerful than him. lachesis was the first child of chronus and anake, making her almost the most powerful entity in the universe. perseus was the first born of 6 deities but they were minor primordials and a titan. now that i think about it the second most powerful titan as well as the deities that control almost everything. every liquid that moves. so every liquid was under his beck and call. it reassured him but the morai were still most likely more powerful. in fact it didn't matter who was more powerful. if he attacked them they could cut the string of everyone he cared about. ha! he almost laughed at that. the only ones he would give a shit to protect were his mothers and the fates couldn't control them. the rumors of chaos giving birth to the primordials was primarily: bullshit. in fact the only reason chaos was known as 'the creator' is because she managed to convince the primordias to cooperate. the primordials were literally the very element that their domain was. they were made in to a conscious body but could easily exist with no body or 3,000 body's. primordials power was nearly endless. now that he thought about it he was the child of five primordials and a titan. i'm pretty damn powerful. he mused. he watched as the greeks charged in to battle. the silver clad girls on the walls caught his attention and he decided to have a 'conversation' he smiled slightly to himself. it was so long since he's had a good fight. the best challenge he had recently was about 30 minor gods staging an attack on him. he finished them all within 10 minutes after getting bored. yes, perseus jackson's long, long, immortal life was boring. he scampered along hopping from tree branch to branch leaping so gracefully it would put artemis to shame. as he neared the walls some archers had spotted him. a smile graced his face, deciding to play with his prey. as they shot at him with their bows pretty quickly half of the batallion had noticed him. noticing this he jumped from branch to branch faster, barely dodging the arrows. pretty soon everyone was shocked that he still managed to survive and the entire cohort was on him. oh yeah did he mention he was on good terms with tyche? no? oh yeah she's actually really nice if you manage to get to know her. so by pure luck which wasn't so lucky anymore he dodged them all. it was funny really, the olympians completely disregarded minor gods but here tyche was saving his life millions of times. did he mention this entire war was simply eris' doing? soon he had caught the attention of 3 cohorts and some gaping greeks. he also caught the attention of the hunters of artemis. he bobbed and weaved and eventually made it to the wall, still bobbing and weaving out of the path of the arrows. now he had half of the battle field either staring at him or shooting at him. he finally made it to the wall and scurried up quickly and efficiently. when he got to the top, smirking the men slowly started to back up while the hunters charged towards him cursing man for being cowards. he smirked at this as the first hunter reached him. he easily blocked her knife before hitting her on the back of the head with the flat of his blade. he summersaulted over another hunter hitting her in the back of the head with his hilt before blocking another incoming blow. as he continued his quick work on the hunters he was met by two olympian god's death glares. apollo started firing arrows at him, all of them missing. they both looked stunned but kept firing arrows. "who are you boy we are the dual gods of archery we do not