So, this is the first story I am putting up. I started it a couple of years ago but lost the document on my computer. Anyways, hope you like it. Oh, and everybody knows I do not own LOTR or its characters, such a pity. I do however own Lorelei since she is of my own design. So let's not involve any nasty law suits or lawyers in anything shall we. Alright then, on with the show! xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 'No. The world must be lying. Some horrible joke…' denied the lone figure standing on the grass covered ground. She was trying to work through her thoughts and emotions while wrapping her mind around the unbelievable scenario. Yet for once what was happening felt somewhat real. It was surreal as a hazy dream yet it was like she was awoken so abruptly that everything was in agonizing focus. The perfectly cut grass rolled slightly against the wisps of air that flowed around. Lorelei watched strands of the blades flicker innocently about. The clouds were drawn out by some unseen painter, the light only shining a dim white color through the gray drapery. As it rightly should be, like the world was bowing its crown with the guilt of what it bestowed unto four individuals. Unfortunately, the four were not quite what they had once been. No, life shifted and a few on its shoulder tipped from the edge. Now Lorelei was truly alone for the first time in her life. (Why now? I am too young for this… I need my family, they are-were my life. Seventeen years with them was not enough. What am I supposed to do? I might be able to handle these cruel events if it happened a couple years down the road but I do not feel I will survive this… Then again, does it ever feel otherwise for those left behind and grieving?) She always liked the area of where she was standing now. The large yard, barren of life did not send creeps and chills down her spine. The memorials, unlike people, did not ask unhelpful and painful questions to which they already knew the answer. It gave her some peace as she stared at the few willows and blooming trees. Shrubs and flowers were clustered about. The land rose with small mounds of earth and woods blocked the light swishing of speeding vehicles driving beside the property of the cemetery. There were three new headstones of marble to accompany this place. The prettiest was a light lilac color; To a loving mother and wife who did all to make her loved ones happy. To the left was a gray one; A strong family-man who supported his wife and children with love and encouragement. A pure white one was beside the latter; A brother and son bound to have been great with a kind heart and a free soul. Then there was a smaller, baby-blue headstone next to the lilac; the youngest of the family, adopted but loved no less, yet taken too soon. "Luv ya mum, dad. Give little Leo hugs and kisses for me. And don't you be staying up and watching tv all night if they have it up there Mikey-boy. Say hi to Gramps for me and don't have too much fun. I'll come around to tell you what's new going on down here now and then. Miss you." The whisper barely escaped the lips covered in a dark raspberry gloss. As Lorelei started to turn, a lone tear slid down the right side of her face. She did not stop it, but that was the only one that would fall. She had been too shocked to let her tears fall earlier, but now it was due to sheer will-power and denial. For it felt as if she let her anguish come forth, there would be no way to pull any composure or semblance of her self back together ever again. She glanced over her shoulder for the last time that day. Her steps were heavy even when they barely made a sound as she walked away. She had told John to go ahead without her. The Legal Guardianship Agency was further in town, but she had explained her wishes to talk to social services soon after the funeral, thus the meeting had been planned to be held at one of the buildings at the cemetery. She was forcing herself to quickly take care of the business concerning where she was to live, since it was the last real matter to be attended to, before she let herself fully come to terms with the last couple days' events and give in to her grief. Said building looked as dreary to her as some people saw guillotines, but that could be the emotions talking since this meeting would be the clincher, proving that all of this was real and not a vivid nightmare. John was a family friend and had lived next door to them since Lorelei could remember. His name was John Strebor, but they, her family and she, had always called him John or Mr. John. Since none of her relatives had come up during the last few days that it took to set up and have the memorial service, John had been watching over her. However, her thoughts were dragged back to the present as she trudged up the cement steps and pushed through large wooden doors. The hall was pretty much empty past the lobby. Lorelei went in through a door on the left and found Mr. John with what the agency called a "guardianship supervisor." It sounded as stupid to her as to the next person, but she pushed the irrelevant thought from her mind. They usually had a woman deal with girls or women during these matters, believed it made the person more comfortable or something. Instead, she had a man named Mr. Black (how bland) overseeing her "welfare." 'All the female agents must be overloaded on cases right now. Yep, parents and family members just dying left and right, heh, one big festival of corpses.-Woah there Lorri. Starting to sound a little loony-bin worthy. Okay, deep breath. Don't laugh in front of the social service worker like a crazed gal who talks to dolls and sings to a silent orchestra. Not that I do that. Nope, completely sane face on, see?' she told herself starring straight-faced at her very own grim reaper in the form of a short man with his head shaven, and appearing ever so bland with his average Joe white business shirt and dreary, gray, dress pants. "Miss Shelt, I am sorry for what has happened. We deeply regret being unable to locate your relatives. It seems that they went on a trip to the East Coast for the summer. When we are able to contact them we will let you know. In the mean time I've talked with Mr. Strebor and he is willing to help pay for your expenses over the summer. We weren't sure how you felt about staying in your house or with someone you know. It might be best if you stayed with Mr. Strebor and his wife or at a friend's house until the proper arrangements can be made," the man gave his probably-not-so-uncommon speech. His voice and face seemed sympathetic, but it came across rather fake in her opinion. The lacking sincerity on his part was probably due to years of dealing with cases like her's though, so she could not be all that angry with him. 'Not much he can do for kids like me anyways,' she reflected while holding back the sad smile that was straining to come forth. "I figured you would say as much. Reason I brought some of my things, so I may stay at someone's for a couple days and then go back to my house and get some other belongings," Lorelei answered emotionlessly. 'My voice sounds like stone, doesn't even sound like me. Never thought I would sound so foreign to my own ears,' she observed. Yet she could not find the effort to put on an act for the two beings before her or her self. Vaguely she thought she must look like a sore thumb in this room, in this building. 'Amazing what the brain will think up in tense situations, trying to divert unpleasant realities.' The room was made of what one might call "warm colors." Light milky yellow walls, wooden floors, a cozy blue couch, a couple wood-framed chairs with cushions, a small rectangular desk in the corner with organized stacks of paperwork and two windows with sheer white drapes to let sunlight filter through. Dark colors did not really fit here, which she found funny as it was a room in a funeral home. Although she was not wearing the traditional black mourning attire, her clothing was far from what would be considered chipper. The dark colors that covered her pale skin still contrasted harshly with the room's atmosphere. The black pants clung to the upper portion of her legs and flared just a bit with lacing down the sides. Under the pants were black leather boots, actual boots not those platform ankle-breakers. Still, they were nice enough with their more clean and modern style to be respectable for the occasion without being non-prohibiting. The blouse was one that her mother and she designed and made earlier before… the accident. It was a black blouse with a square neck cut and was laced up on sides two inches up from the hem. The burgundy colored sleeves were attached only on the underarm portions connected to the blouse and was only held to the top of the shoulders by two strings connecting the sleeve to the shirt. The sleeves weren't tight yet fit well and flared a bit from the elbow to the wrists. When she and her mother had finished it, she had absolutely loved it. The necklace that adorned her lower throat was made of dark red beds and thin wire looking as if it were small chain mail that formed in a downwards triangle that held a ruby stone at the triangle's tip. Lorelei's brother had bought it for her fifteenth birthday at a Forest Fair. Mikey had seen her eyeing it reluctantly since she was out of cash. So he bought the beautiful piece when her back was turned, even though he could have bought something for himself instead; the unselfish and loving brat. To finish off the memory-filled outfit was her leather duster with the notched collar and buttoned down front. Her dad had bought it for her when they had gone to the coat store. He knew she loved leather, so he got it and it had been the only coat her parents could get her to wear, unless it was completely freezing outside and mid-winter. She probably should have worn a dress or something more conservative, but she did not. There was a reason she wore this apparel instead of a more normal choice. It was because the clothes brought happy memories of the family who were no longer there; her own farewell and promise never to forget them. "It is unfortunate that these things happen to kind people because of one person's actions." Mr. Black's voice breaks the quiet again. His words are meant to be consoling. At least the logical part in Lorelei's head was telling her that, but it was lost the crash of a large wave of raging emotions. 'Because of one person's actions!' her mind yelled. 'It was an idiotic man who caused all of this! A man in this so-called civilized world who pulled a gun on us and shot when he didn't find enough of his petty cash that his greed salivated for. He was a man, an ordinary man just like the two in this very room. There's that primal need to hurt that of his own specie; inconsiderate