A/N: New multi-chap time (yaaaaay!) This will be my only disclaimer for this story : I don't own Harry Potter; I only own the plot and anything unfamiliar. This story is just for fun and for non-profit. I know there were quite a few requests for a sequel to Two Weeks, which this story is not. Sorry, it's just that this idea was buzzing around in my head before I even started writing T.W; at the time it was just a matter of picking one and doing the other later. HOWEVER; that doesn't mean a sequel won't ever happen... AND like some of you requested, this one is another romantic dramedy like Two Weeks was. Moving on... This story is a 7th year AU. Basically Voldemort was destroyed in the Dept. of Mysteries, which means Draco never became a Death Eater and tried to murder Dumbledore and almost murdered Katie Bell etc. The Ron/Lavender thing happened as it did in the books, as did everything leading up to the 5th book. Hello to those who know me, but for those who don't - welcome! I just want to let you know that like in Two Weeks, I always try and work around any clichés in an original way, and I like to have an original plot so any clichés won't seem as bad (I hope this idea is original anyway xD)! Sorry, I know long A/N's suck but the others won't be this long. And let us begin... 1 :. The Letter .: Hermione sat on the warm grass on the orchard's boundaries with a book in her hands. Crookshanks was rolling around at her side on his back batting at flies and grumbling to himself. She scratched her cat's ears affectionately, but was pulled from her reverie when a triumphant shout erupted from the orchard in front of her, where the Weasleys (and Harry) were playing Quidditch. By the manic way Ron was waving at her she guessed that he had just saved a goal; one of Ginny's judging by her sulky expression. Hermione plastered a smile on her face, even though she didn't much care for Quidditch, and waved back. It was just the same as every other summer she had spent at The Burrow, except for one detail: she and Ron were something of a couple. That in itself was quite a big change… and yet everything was still the same. Nothing was different, at all, and Hermione was yet to decide if this was a good thing or not. A half hour later the match ended with Harry catching the Snitch - which was really a charmed table tennis ball from Mr Weasley's Muggle collection since the family didn't own a set of proper Quidditch balls – and the six players swooped down to earth and dismounted their brooms. Charlie and the twins proceeded to remove the spells from all of the 'balls', the most challenging of which appeared to be the 'Bludgers', (really a pair of gnomes that had been roaming the gardens.) Hermione caught Fred's eye as he shoved the rather dis-orientated creatures to the side and shot him a disapproving glance. "Aw come on, Hermione," Fred pouted. "They make perfect Bludgers; they're grumpy and ugly and it gives you real satisfaction when you thwack 'em with a bat," he grinned. "That's barbaric. They still have feelings, you know?" she huffed. "Aw bloody hell, don't tell me you've got her started off on gnome rights as well as house-elf ones!" Ron sighed as he approached Hermione, running a hand through his hair, which was damp with sweat. "You know Ron, that's not such a bad idea…" Hermione teased as she pretended to consider it. "Crap, why did I say anything?" Ron laughed nervously. Hermione put down her book and stood up. "I'm joking!" she said. "Thank Merlin for that!" Ron sighed before pulling Hermione into a hug and pressing his lips against hers in a chaste kiss, which Hermione stiffly returned. Yeah, everything is still the same, all right, she sighed sadly, which Ron apparently mistook as a sigh of contentment. Hermione couldn't help but feel relieved when they parted. It wasn't that it was a bad kiss, hell Ron was actually a nice kisser, but there was something missing. Yes, it gave Hermione butterflies in her stomach and yes, it made her heart thump a little louder in her chest but she didn't get that intense rush that Ginny had so often described in regards to kissing Harry. She told herself that she was just being silly, and that her expectations must have been too high after harbouring a crush for Ron for so long. Harry, meanwhile, liked to think that she was simply having a hard time adjusting to the new dynamics of her relationship with him, and making that age-old transition from friends to something more. Still, as she looked up at Ron, and saw the affection and happiness reflected in his blue eyes her gut instinct kicked in, and she knew deep down that there was a reason why everything felt the same to her. "Look Ron…" she began as a quick glance around confirmed that everyone else was now out of earshot and heading around the front of the house to put their brooms away. She had attempted to tell him this many a time, and every time she did so she had made the mistake of looking into those eyes. How could she tell him that she wanted to end something that had barely started when he was so oblivious to her reservations? She didn't want to hurt him. "Yeah?" he responded. Hermione opened her mouth to take the plunge, having decided that the longer she went along with this, the more hurt he was going to be in the long run. But then he shot her that dopey lop-sided smile of his and she just couldn't bring herself to do it. Not yet. She was going to take Harry's advice and just wait it out a little longer, but the truth was that in her heart or hearts, Hermione knew that friends were all she and Ron could ever be. But then she would remember their sixth year at Hogwarts and how seeing Lavender Brown with Ron, touching him, kissing him, affected her. There must be something there… something worth trying for… "Nothing, it doesn't matter," Hermione sighed. Just then Harry came running up to them. "Guys," he panted. "Hogwa… Hogwarts letters… for us," he thrust an envelope into Hermione and Ron's hands. "Arrived… just now." "For a Seeker you sure get out of breath easily," Hermione joked as she broke the wax seal on her letter. "Running is kind of different from flying, Mione," Ron said. "I mean, take Andrea Alvey who was on the Ravenclaw team last year: she was a brilliant player but her broom constantly looked as if it was going to snap -." "Come now, Ron, she wasn't that fat!" Hermione replied absently as her eyes scanned the contents of her letter. "Oh!" she gasped as she reached the end. "How bloody fast do you read?" Harry blinked, having only just broken into his own envelope. "Just hurry up and read your letters!" she squealed. "I'm pretty sure it would be along the same lines as mine! I mean what else could it be if they're writing to us halfway through the holidays?" "What are you on about?" Ron asked, still yet to remove the parchment from the envelope. As she waited for her friends to catch up to the news she had just received, Hermione decided to read her letter again, just to make sure it was real if anything else. ' Dear Ms Granger, I am pleased to inform you that you have been nominated to become Head Girl of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry for the school year 1997 – 1998. Due to recent developments in the Wizarding World, the headmaster is keen to test out a new 'selection system' for the roles of Head Boy and Head Girl, in the hopes that it would be the beginnings of a new Hogwarts, whereby inter-house unity will set the foundation for a happier and more harmonious atmosphere amongst the students. This will be the first year the system will be put to use; therefore it is unknown exactly how long this would take. I realise that it isn't ideal to carry out such an event during the summer holidays, but the very purpose of the system requires a firm outcome by the time term begins. Please report to Hogwarts on August 1 st , where further details about the new system will be given to you. The apparition shields will be taken down between noon and two pm for those of you with a license, and Portkeys will be arranged for those who don't. It is likely that all nominees will be required to stay at the school until the start of term, but you will all be permitted to return home as frequently as the schedule will allow. Please send a return owl explaining if you require a Portkey, or if you are unable to participate due to a family holiday or commitment. Apologies for any inconvenience this may cause. Professor M. McGonagall.' "'Inter-house unity'?" Ron scoffed. "I'd hate to say it but I think Dumbedore's lost his marbles if he thinks some 'new system' is going to make us play all nicey-nice with the Slytherins." He paused, "Wait. Does that mean we're the guinea pigs for this?" "Looks like it," Harry confirmed. "Personally I think the idea is genius," Hermione said. "Voldemort was destroyed in the Department of Mysteries in our fifth year and the same old divisions between houses and blood status' are still there. It's like we're all still letting him win even though he's gone!" "Hate to burst your bubble, Mione, but those divides were there long before Voldemort," Ron said. "I know but he made it so much worse, don't you think?" Hermione replied, suddenly feeling incredibly passionate about the notion of their headmaster. "Besides why aren't you focusing on what's really important here? We're all up for Head Boy and Girl!" Ron's dubious expression suddenly lightened. "Blimey – Head Boy! Wait 'til mum hears about this!" Harry, meanwhile, didn't look so pleased at the news. "Aren't you excited, Harry?" Hermione frowned. He blinked behind his glasses. "'Course I am. I'm flattered, but I was just kind of hoping for a quiet year, y'know? The whole 'downfall of Voldemort' thing has only just started to settle down so I think being made Head Boy is just going to draw focus back to me again, and I don't want that." "Does that mean you aren't going to come with us?" Hermione asked, chewing her lip. Of course she would miss having him there, even if it was only for a month and they could visit him whenever they wanted, but being there with Ron without him made her nervous. Who else could she rely on for a second opinion if her doubts continued through the summer? She would never admit it, but this was a rare occasion where Harry knew more than she did about something. He had gone through the friendship-to-relationship stage with Ginny, and they'd been together for a few months now, whilst Hermione was completely new to this, and it scared her. Scared her that she'd do the wrong thing. "I am going to come," Harry nodded. "There's a really good chance they won't pick me anyway depending on how many other people got letters. Plus I'm very interested to know how they're going to go about testing us. I'll just need to owl McGonagall about needing a Portkey." "Unless you take your apparition test beforehand?" Hermione suggested. Harry's eyebrows shot up beneath his messy black fringe. "How can I? I've only had a handful of lessons, and even those were