Nico was actually excited for Chemistry class. He enjoyed seeing how different chemicals mixed together and what to look for, along with the fact that a single slip up could end up in an explosion (they had found that out when Leo Valdez somehow managed to drop burning magnesium in a test tube full of chlorine trifluoride, causing a sudden evacuation of the whole science department and the fire department coming to extinguish the whole room. The principal was extremely furious and the only reason Leo didn't get expelled was because the entire science department magically got new stools and desks a week later that were more efficient and actually made for science experiments. Needless to say, Leo was a lucky fucker). What was even more exciting was the fact that he was doing it a whole year earlier thanks to the science department allowing him to test out of biology and go straight into chemistry. The down side to all of this was that 1) he was the youngest kid in his class and 2) all of the upperclassmen that he usually avoided now had a class with him. It was his luck that his long time crush Percy Jackson was in his class. Somehow all of his friends had managed to get in the same class, making it impossible for Nico to avoid the group like he wanted. So, the first day of school, Nico walks into Chemistry groggily( hey, it's his first period, give him a break) to find that most of the tables are already taken by upperclassmen, leaving only a few odd seats and the very back table in the right corner of the room. Nico darted to it as fast as he could. Just because he was looking forward to the class didn't mean that he wanted to draw attention to himself. He busied himself for the next couple of minutes before the bell by pulling out his iPod and scrolling through his music. The first day was really just a blow off day where you got your supply list and a bunch of paperwork. The most he would be expected to do is say his name and participate in some weird 'get to know each other" exercise that they always had to do. The bell rang just as a flash of purple ran through the doorway. The teacher, Ms. Demenchi, gave the blur a disapproving look. "Mr. Grace, I hope you do not make tardiness a habit. There is an open seat next to-" she looked back towards Nico and smiled slightly. She was the teacher that gave him the test out for biology and insisted he be in her class. "-next to Mr. di Angelo. Please take a seat so that I can get started with my class." Nico glared at the approaching boy for a minute before he actually started looking at the kid. He was tall, with blonde hair that was cut very neatly and light blue eyes. He gave off the whole 'All-American Boy' vibe and Nico was pretty sure that this kid was planning on being the star quarterback for his high school goal. Great, now a jock would be sitting next to him. It could be worse, he supposed. At least it wasn't Octavian, the blonde hair junior that seemed like a psychopath. That kid had issues. The blonde plopped down in the seat next to him and slung his bag on the ground. He looked embarrassed, most likely from being in trouble on the first day of school already. Turning to Nico, he held out his hand. "Um hey, I'm Jason Grace." He introduced, giving Nico a charming smile that did not make Nico's heart skip a beat. Damn it, why were all the jocks attractive in one way or another? It wasn't fair. Nico stared at his hand until Jason slowly dropped it. "Nico." He finally responded before he put his earbuds back in. Ms. Demenchi had started passing out the syllabus while going over her policies. Nico had already gotten the spill when he passed the test and so he didn't pay attention much. "Nico's a cool name. Is it short for something?" Jason asked, still staring at him. Nico internally groaned and rolled his eyes. Apparently the guy didn't get the hint that Nico didn't want to talk to him. All Nico wanted to do was cool experiments and get through freshman year in one piece. The teacher shut off the projector and walked to the front of the room, getting Nico's attention enough for him to take out his earbuds. "As you know, chemistry is all about elements and chemicals and figuring out how and why things happen. Often times, I will discuss what chemicals we will be using in the next lab and ask for you to look them up and write about it. This leads to a lot of research and essays be expected, along with the major project that is assigned every nine weeks." Ms. Demenchi stated, earning some groans and scared looks throughout the class. Nico heard Jason groan and put his head on the desk in frustration. Nico snickered at everyone's dismayed. Bianca had told him about Ms. Demenchi and her obsession with research papers when she had her for sophomore year. The last year she attended public school before being accepted into that all-girls academy. It had been 3 years since then and Nico only saw her twice a year. Not that he wanted to think about that now. "However, I am going to try something new this year to take off the stress that comes with my assignments." She finished, sending a rather dangerous smile to Nico. "What is this crazy lady about to pull?" Nico mumbled under his breath, earning a snort from Jason. He turned to the blonde, surprised that he heard him, but Jason kept looking forward. The only sign that Nico hadn't imagined the sound was the amused smile on Jason's face. Nico shook his head and turned back to Ms. Demenchi. She still had that suspicious smile on her face. "You will are be partnered with someone for the rest of the year. There will be no trading partners or asking to work alone. Every essay, summary, and research paper that I ask for will be a shared grade. They will also be your partner for all of the four projects." Ms. Demenchi continued. That was when Nico verbally groaned. Why did she decide to do this when he had her? He was perfectly fine with doing all the assignments on his own. Someone in the front raised their hand. "Yes Ms. Chase?" Nico sank down in his chair at the familiar blond at the front of the room. Annabeth Chase, voted most likely to succeed, basically a genius, one of the most popular girls in school, and Percy's girlfriend. She was really nice to Nico, mostly from feeling guilty about inadvertently introducing Bianca to Artemis Academy for Exceptional Young Women and basically help send one of the only people to actually care about Nico across the country to New Mexico. Nico didn't really blame her anymore, but he could tell that she still thought he held it against her. In reality, Nico didn't mind talking to her since she could hold an actual conversation and had her own opinions instead of mainstream throw up. But Nico didn't interact with her much because wherever she went Percy went and Nico avoided the green eyed boy like the plague, even if it meant losing opportunity to talk to a rather interesting person. "Ms. Demenchi, will we be able to choose our partners or will they be assigned?" Annabeth asked, looking to her left where Percy sat. Nico couldn't tell if she wanted to be partnered with him or not. Ms. Demenchi chuckled slightly. "You have already picked your partner, Ms. Chase. You just didn't realize you did." She answered, waiting for someone to get it. Nico gave her a confused look. What did that mean? The only thing they had chosen so far was their- "Shit." Nico muttered, leaning forward and putting his head in his hands. Jason looked at him with worry. "What?" the blonde asked, putting his hand on Nico's shoulder. Nico tensed and quickly moved the hand away from him, feeling anger start to seep into his core. He can't get into a fight already. Eliana would kill him. "Don't touch me. I don't like being touched." Nico hissed, trying not to bring attention to himself while still getting his point across. Jason's eyes widened but he nodded. "Sorry, I didn't think to ask. Can you tell me why you seem like you're about to punch the desk though? I feel like you figured out what Ms. Demenchi is talking about." Jason asked again, moving over slightly to give Nico more room. Nico sighed and rested his head on only one of his hands. "The only thing we've chosen is our seats. Each table has only two seats. There is an even number of students in this class. You do the math, Grace." Nico explained, waiting for Ms. Demenchi to prove his theory. "Mr. di Angelo is correct, though I would appreciate if he would share with the class and not just Mr. Grace." Ms. Demenchi called out, causing the room to fill with laughter. Nico felt his face flush and he sank even lower in his chair. Attention was not what he wanted. "You're partnered with the person sitting at your table. Your first assignment starts today. By Friday of this week, I want you to go to each other's homes, meet your partner's family, join them for dinner, and then ask them these questions on this sheet of paper. I will also want a guardian's signature on it. Not yours, theirs. And don't try and weasel out of the meeting and just fill out the form and fake a signature. I will be calling your parents to confirm that they did in fact meet your partner." She explained, handing out the survey to everyone. Nico groaned while everyone else let out a sigh of relief at the fact that they wouldn't be bringing a complete stranger home. Lucky Nico that he was the exception. Jason turned to Nico and gave a small smile. "So my house or yours first? Forewarning, my stepmother acts like a 1950's housewife and will make dinner one of the most awkwardest meal ever if I don't give her any time to prepare." Jason asked, rubbing the back of his next. Nico sighed and rubbed his temples. Eliana was going to kill him for this. "You can come to my place. Let me just text Eliana and tell her to make something for four people." Nico answered, looking down at the sheet and grimacing. He was not looking forward to interrogation time. (Yes, he might be over-exaggerating things, but seriously? He is about to bring a random guy to his house and feed him for a school assignment. He had every right to be a drama queen at the moment.) Jason nodded his head as the bell rang. Nico quickly gathered up his stuff and started to head to the door. "Wait Nico!" He heard Jason yell before he reached the door. Nico stopped and turned around, urging Jason to go on so he could go to his next class. "Where do you want to meet up after school? Or do you want to give me your address?" Nico thought for a moment. "Meet me at the front of the school under the flagpole. My apartment isn't far from the school, so I usually walk home." With that, Nico rushed out of the classroom like a bat out of hell. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Nico regretted every decision he had made in the last 24 hours the moment him and Jason