Ringz Story Out line Two brothers and their dog find a ring. This ring has magical powers. This is the start of their adventure. It will lead them into an alternate universe where they encounter different characters, both good and evil. Their mission is to defeat the evil characters by winning their rings, which are the source of their power. Each evil character will present them with a ring challenge and if they win they collect their ring, and that special power that ring holds. Each ring fits together like a puzzle, and on the back of each ring there is letter that will eventually spell ringz, when the set is completed. Once they have defeated all the evil characters they will face the main evil character. Who ever wins this challenge will receive the others ring. These are the main two rings and the most powerful. When these two rings are put together the person in possession of them will have the power to either save or destroy the world. This is the story so far…… RINGZ Summer 1994 It was the first week of summer holidays and the Hughs brothers; Brody and Travis were sitting on the front steps of their house with their new dog Syd. They were bored, and trying to figure out what they wanted to do with the rest of their day. They started the day with a long bike ride down to the lake to take a swim. Followed by a trip to the local store for a refreshing soda. They rode over to their friends Patrick's house to say good-bye, before Patrick left for camp. After all that, they returned home. Now here they sit with not one good idea between the two of them. They complained to each other about how boring this summer was going to be. But little did they know this summer was going to be the most incredible one of their lives. After sitting there for about twenty minutes they decided to go ask their parents if they could think of anything for them to do. Mike and Caroline Hughs were in the garage. Sorting out all of the junk that had piled up over the winter. Travis and Brody go into the garage with Syd following close behind (as he has done since the day they found him). Brody—We're bored mom Caroline- Really! You can always help us in here. Travis- Ya right we're on holidays, can't you think of anything fun we can do? Mean while Brody is poking around the garage and stumbles across something he finds very interesting in the corner of the garage. B-Hey dad what's this? Mike- that's my metal detector, remember I bought it a couple of years ago, to find my car keys I lost in the garden B- Oh ya T- Does it still work? M- Well lets try it out and see. Mike takes a nail off of the shelf and places it on the floor. Brody brings the metal detector over to mike. Mike turns it on and waves it over the nail and it starts to beep. M-Well I guess that answers our question. Doesn't it? B- Cool dad can we use it? Please! M- I guess so; go see what you can find around the yard. T and B- Thanks dad. The three explorers leave to search for hidden treasures. They return 30 minutes later. M- Back so soon? T- We couldn't find anything dad. This sucks now we're are back to having nothing to do. Mike thinks for a moment M- I've got an idea. Why don't you take a ride up to old man Ortens place and see what you can find around there. I bet there is a lot of junk; I mean treasure up there. T- Are you crazy dad! He's old and creepy. And besides Patrick said that living alone up there all these years has made him crazy. He also said that if he catches you on his property, you are never seen again. C- Oh come on. He's just a lonely old man. Your dad and I have known him since we were kids. He's actually very interesting. Your dad and I would sit there for hours and listen to all his stories. . You'd probably really like him if you got to know him. M- Do you guy's want me to call him to see if it's ok if you go up there to look around? B- Are you sure he's not crazy? M- Ya I'm sure. Do you want me to call or not? Brody and Travis looked at each other, and then Syd gave a loud bark B- Well I guess that settles that. O.K. dad go call him. Mike goes to the house and makes the call. He returns to the garage. M- Well scaredy cats, it's all set up. He knows you're coming and he says it's fine. C- If you boys find anything up there, I want you to show it to Mr.Orten to see if it's okay if you keep it. T- Come on mom! Do we have to? C- Yes you do. And I don't want to here another word about it. B and T- Okay. Okay mom Mike grabs a packsack and puts a few items in it. M- here you might need these. Mike throws Brody the packsack. Brody catches it, puts it over his shoulder and they head for the door. C- Be back by five. We're going to grandmas for dinner. With that final word the boys and syd leave the garage, hop on their bikes and head up the road towards the old mans place. OLD MAN ORTEN They pull up to the front gates of the old farmhouse. They get off their bikes and lean them on the huge old oak tree that flanks the left side of the driveway. They look at each other and with some hesitation open the gate and walk through, up the long driveway. Travis turns on the metal detector and they get to work. This is a big property with many areas to explore. They head towards the fields; on their way they find a few things. A couple old bottle caps some coins and an old dog tag with the name Jake on it. Syd seemed especially interested in this particular item. They decided if it was okay with Mr. Orten that Syd would get this tag. Syd took off and started running across the field. Travis and Brody called after him to come back. When he didn't they started to run after him. They chased him until they came across an odd little fenced in area. Syd starts running around and barking very excitedly. B- What is it boy? T- I think he wants us to go in there. Syd barks again So they go in. They start to explore around the little area, the metal detector starts beeping loudly. Brody reaches into the packsack and takes out the spade mike had put in it. He starts digging in the earth. And then they see it. T- Brody what's that? Get it! Brody reaches down and picks it up. B-Wow! Cool it's a ring. Syd barks whimpers and goes up to the boys and gives them each a lick on the face. They give him a scratch. T- It's okay boy. They are really excited. They know they have finally found something good. B- Well what do you want to do with it? T- Mom said we have to show Mr.Orten what ever we found B- Ya, but he'll probably won't let us keep it. T- If we don't and mom finds out, she'll hit the roof B- Let's go then They head towards the old mans house. As they get closer they see old man Orten outside working in his garden. The old man hears them approaching and looks up. He sees the kids and takes special notice of the dog they have with them. The boys see him looking at them and stop. They feel afraid and are not sure if they want to go over to him after all. The old man senses their apprehension and calls to them to come over. Syd takes of towards the old man. The boys follow behind slowly. Syd runs up to him and covers him with wet kisses. The old man laughs and pets the dog on the head. The boys reach the garden and stand there stammering around nervously. The old man can't take his eyes off the dog. O- I didn't know you boy's had a dog. When did you get him? Feeling a little bit more at ease, Brody starts to tell him how they got Syd. B- It's really kind of a weird thing. About two weeks ago we were on our way to school and he came out of the bushes and ran over to us. We tried to shoo him away but he wouldn't go. He followed us to school and when we got out of school at the end of the day he was there waiting for us. He followed us home, and we've had him ever since. Mom and Dad made us put up signs to see if anyone had lost a dog, but no one called. So they said we could keep him. OMO- What do you call him? T- We named him Syd OMO- ah syd a good name for such a fine dog. The old man took his attention away from the dog for a moment to pull a weed. OMO- Your dad called earlier and said you boys would be over to look for lost treasures around here. And by the look on your faces, I'd say you think you found something good. Come over here and lets see what you've got in that bag of yours. They come over to the old man and open the packsack. They show him the bottle caps and coins first. He didn't seem too interested in them. Then they pulled out the dog tag. He takes this and looks closely at it. OMO- This was my dog, when I was a boy. His name was Jake. He reminds me a lot of this old guy here. I think he should have this. T- Thanks Mr.Orten we were hoping you'd let him have it. OMO- Any thing else in that bag? This can't be what you boys are looking so excited about. B- We did find one more thing. He reaches into the bag and pulls out the ring. When the old man sees the ring, he grows pale and his hands start to tremble. OMO-Where did you find this, how could it be? He seemed to be very confused. The boy's noticed that he seemed agitated. The boys tell him where they found the ring. OMO- That's the old pet cemetery. How far down did you dig? B- It was only a couple of inches below the surface OMO- That's impossible. I must have buried that ring ten feet under the ground. You boys better come with me. I've got something to show you. He starts walking towards his house with Syd by his side. The boys are feeling a little apprehensive but they feel the need to see what the old man wants to show them. OMO- You boys take a seat on that porch swing over there. I'll be right back The old man goes into the house. He returns ten minutes later with a tray with an ice-cold pitcher of lemonade and some ham for the dog and a very old book. He pours them all a drink, gives Syd a piece of ham and a scratch. He grabs the book and sits down between them on the swing. They sit there for a while in silence just drinking the lemonade. When the old man finally speaks OMO- I want to show you