Rating: M Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns all things Twilight - I just make Tinder profiles for them. Big love and thanks to my Tinder Roni's - Planetblue and Robsmyyummy Cabanaboy for prereading. And to my 2 Legit 2 Quit beta, M.C Grammar AKA Carrie ZM. All right stop, grammar time! And to my sister D - thanks for consistently (and unknowingly) providing me with material. "Bella?" Rose shouts from the front door of our apartment. "You here?" "In the kitchen." I wind the crank of the wine opener until the cork gives with a satisfying pop. "What's up?" she asks, eyeing the wine bottle while her boyfriend of two months, Emmett, trails in behind her. "Wine o'clock or just a rough day?" I toss the light pink, shimmery, square envelope across the counter. "Read it and weep." She carefully pulls the wedding invitation from the envelope and her eyes widen when she sees the name. "Shut up! He's getting married?" "Evidently." I pour myself a glass of pinot and propose a toast. "To happily ever after." "Are they for real with this?" I laugh. "Which part?" "Pretty much all of it, but this part right here especially," she says, pointing to the elegant script before mockingly reading it aloud. " Just like a page out of a fairy tale, the storybook romance comes true ." Looking up, she shakes her head at me and slaps the invite back on the counter. "Like – what even?" "Right? They've been together all of five minutes." Five minutes. Eight months. Same difference. Emmett looks between us, confused, holding up the invite. "Wait, who are Ben and Angela?" Pulling her bottom lip through her teeth, Rose answers tentatively. "Ben is Bella's old friend and sort of ex." "Sort of ex?" he asks raising a brow. "How does that work?" Swallowing my wine, I wave my glass in his direction. "Very astute question, Emmett. We were good friends in college—" Rose cuts me off. "But there was always that 'are they or aren't they' thing going on with them." "So you were more like 'friends with benefits?'" "You could say that." "Ouch." Emmett winces. "Did you know he was getting married?" I shake my head. "No, but it's been a while since we've chatted." "I ran into them a few months back," Rose confesses, looking down at her hands. "You did?" She nods once before meeting my gaze. "Well, what's she like? Is she pretty?" Rose shrugs and plops down on the barstool. "I don't know, she's all right I guess - tall, brunette with glasses. Kinda looked like Khloe Kardashian, I think—" Holding my hand out, I stop her mid-sentence. "Okay, wait. Khloe Kardashian as in cool chick with curves in all the right places or—" "Or Khloe Kardashian," Emmett interrupts. "The Adam's apple says 'dude', but the tits and ass say 'lady.'" I give him an enthusiastic thumbs up while his girlfriend smacks his bicep. "I like this guy." Rose taps her finger on one of the inserts. "They have a wedding website if you want to see her." And cue the eye roll . "Of course they do." "Let me pull it up," Rose says, pulling her phone from her back pocket. "Em, read me their web address." "It's www." He pauses, clearing his throat awkwardly before continuing a little quieter. "Www dot Ben loves Ang dot com." "Aaaaannd barf." "Okay, here we go." Rose swings the screen around so we can all see the collage of candid engagement pictures of the happy couple. There's a link on each picture, making it easy to find information about accommodations, venues, and their love story. Emmett scoffs, flicking the phone with his finger. "This guy looks like a tool." Snapping my fingers, I point to him, but look at Rose. "I'm telling you, girl. This one's a keeper." Rose blushes, smiling while Emmett continues ripping on Ben. "Seriously though, he's dressed like a JCPenney Father's Day ad." "What's wrong with how he's dressed?" Rose asks, zooming in on the plaid, short-sleeve button down shirt with pleated khakis ensemble. "Are you kidding me? No self-respecting man would ever dress himself like that willingly. That's an Easter Sunday outfit that your mom makes you wear to coordinate with your little sister." "Whatever Tim Gunn," Rose deadpans, waving a dismissive hand at him before looking at me solemnly, her finger hovering over the link to Our Love Story . "Do you want to hear it? I'll read it to you if you want." "Nope. I don't need a play-by-play. Just give me the highlights." Emmett makes small talk while she reads. I notice her rolling her eyes and making a gagging motion every now and again. When she places the phone on the counter, her expression is unreadable. "Well?" "I don't know, it's just a bunch of cheesy Hallmark, our lives are complete, love at first sight nonsense." I kind of want to hurl, even though I haven't thought of Ben romantically in ages. "They're one of those couples, huh?" Crossing her arms over her chest, she leans forward, propping her weight on her elbows. "But get this… the happy couple met on Tinder ." "Tinder? As in the dating app?" Rose tilts her head back and forth. "Dating app, hook-up app… whatever." Emmett grabs the bottle of wine and tips it in my direction. "Are you thinking about going to the wedding?" "I almost feel like I have to. We've been friends for years. Way longer than we hooked up. And it's not like I've been pining for him or anything." I empty the last bit of my wine. "And who knows if she's even aware how friendly Ben and I were back in the day. Like, I'm really not interested in going to a wedding where I'm going to get mean-mugged by the bridal party." "Good point," Emmett says, refilling my glass. "He wouldn't do that though." I shrug. "Guess I need to find a date." "Maybe I can set you up with one of my old frat buddies." "Bad plan, dude. Right now you're aces in my book, so let's keep this good thing going. I'd hate to have to hold it against you if your friend turns out to be a douche." "Yeah, most of them are douches. Maybe you should try Tinder." "That's it!" Rose smacks her hand on the counter, a huge grin spreading across her face. "You need a fella, Tinderbella!" They exchange a high five, then Emmett starts clapping and stomping, singing his remix of that Ke$ha song. "It's going down. I'm yelling Tindeeerrr!" "Come on, let's do it!" Rose pulls excitedly on my arm. "Let's make you a profile." I shake my head knowing that this is going to happen, even if it's the worst idea ever. "Fine. Sign me up." "Okay," Rose says without looking up from the screen. "It looks like we need three photos, but the first one has to be the best because it'll be your profile pic." "So should I do the standard bathroom mirror selfie?" "Gross. No, I'll take it." For the next fifteen minutes she takes pictures of me, barking orders as she goes. Hair up. Hair down. Smile bigger. Stare into the distance. Stop looking so constipated . The only thing that makes it bearable is that Emmett's behind her, randomly clawing the air and shouting Zoolander quotes at me. "Head down and chin out, Bella." I hear the click and watch her check it. "What do you think?" "Uh no, I look like someone stuck a tire pump in my mouth. You're taking it from too close and you need to get higher." She looks puzzled. "Higher?" "Yeah, higher. Get on top of the table." "No way." "Fine, get on Emmett's shoulders." Twenty minutes and 157 pictures later, we finally get the shot. Rose makes me pick a group shot to use as well because she thinks it'll make me appear fun and outgoing. She's marginally upset when I choose one where she has a slight double chin, but thankfully doesn't give me too much shit since I look great in the picture. For the last photo, we go with a snapshot of me on a beach in front a sunset. Apparently it gives off the girl next door vibe, and not in the banging Hugh Hefner way, which is good, I guess. "Finally." She stands and stretches before rubbing her hands together. "Let's polish these up and get your profile going." Rose moves to her laptop to edit, crop, layer, and add at least fifteen filters to each shot. "How do these look?" "Perfect." And they really do. "Seriously Rose, you're like the Annie Leibovitz of Tinder profile pics." "Okay so your Bio…" she trails off, sounding unsure. "How about, ' I'm kind of a big deal ?'" Emmett winks, sliding my glass in front of me. I snort. "Modest. I like it," I say sarcastically, but Rose types it anyway. "And what about your interests?" "Just make me sound effortlessly cool and fabulous." "Gotcha." She speaks as she types. "Pharmaceutical rep, fluent in English, Español, movie quotes and real talk." Emmett shakes his head. "Ay yi yi muchacho." I raise my glass to her. "Muy bien." "Now as far as your criteria, you're interested in males age 25-30?" "You should probably crank that up to about 35, chief. I like to better my odds." "All right. Looking for eligible bachelors within 5 miles… and go." She posts the profile and I feel shockingly okay with it. "Now to find Mr. Right Swipe," I say, wiggling my fingers as potential mates fill the screen. "What about this guy? Jacob B. Tagline: CrossFitter/Bad Ass MC." Rose scoots in to get a better look. "Eww, no, he's wearing sunglasses. It's like he's hiding something." "What? Like a lazy eye?" "No like a wife or girlfriend." I left swipe his picture and I feel like Jeff Probst extinguishing a torch on Survivor. The tribe has spoken. By the fifth profile, things are looking a bit bleak. "There's no way this guy is thirty-five." I left swipe the screen on a geriatric looking man named Aro. "Sayonara, Benjamin Button." Thankfully, the next profile has potential. "Well, hello there… how about James? Tagline: Volunteer firefighter, looking for some hot stuff." He's a cutie, all blue-eyed and blond-haired. He's shirtless in all of his pictures except for one where he's wearing a tank top that says ' I mustache you to blow me .' "Looks like a dirtbag." Emmett gives him a thumbs down. "Seriously Bella?" Rose looks appalled. "It's like you want your vagina to smell like shame." Forty-two left swipes, six right swipes and two glasses of wine later; I toss the phone into Rose's lap. "I can't anymore." Grabbing my wrist, I slump back into the couch cushions. "I've left swiped so many times; I think I have Carpal Tinder Syndrome." "Wait, wait, wait." She slaps my thigh a couple of times. "This guy looks normal. His name is Edward, age twenty-seven." I rub my temples and close my eyes. "Tagline?" "Six-foot-three, not a serial killer, and willing to lie to your friends about how we met." "He sounds kinda perfect. Let me see him." I'm pleasantly surprised at the green-eyed, crazy-haired hottie staring back at me. He's all-around gorgeous, but man, his smile is something else. Rose and I exchange a look before saying in unison, "Right swipe." The next morning, I wake up to four Tinder messages. The first three consist of cheesy pick-up lines and thankfully only two are accompanied by a full on dick pic. I smile when I reach the last one from the green-eyed, non-serial killer. E: Your tagline made me laugh – figured I should introduce myself. I'm Edward. I click on his profile wanting to take a closer look. Twenty-seven year-old consultant, Chicago born and bred, Chipotle and craft beer enthusiast. Now that