Rating M Disclaimer: Stephanie Meyers owns all things Twilight - I just make them sin with a grin. Huge thanks and big love to Carrie ZM for beta'ing this bad b and all the hours you spend helping me through the process and making my fics fit for public viewing. I think you get-off on commas. Thank you to Planetblue and Robsmyyummy Cabanaboy for pre-reading, your encouragement and advice. Special thanks to Ceci Lolypowski for the beautiful banner. I appreciate all of you ladies more than an A/N could ever say. "Pleasure's a sin, and sometimes sin's a pleasure." -Lord Byron Gluttony : noun \ˈglət-nē, ˈglə-tə-nē \ 1 : excess in eating or drinking 2 : greedy or excessive indulgence "Rosalie Hale to see Dr. Afton." The receptionist holds up her long, bony index finger telling me to hold on without even looking in my direction, pulling the microphone of her headset closer to her mouth. "Dr. Afton has two openings next week. He's available Monday at 9:00 AM or Wednesday at 1:00 PM. Would either of those days work for you?" Her voice is sweet and soothing and a stark contrast to the bitchy finger she's still holding up to me. "Alright, I have you down for Wednesday at 1:00 PM and thank you for being so understanding." She smiles at her computer screen. "You too, Mrs. Cope. Buh-bye now." She looks up at me, beaming like I haven't been standing here for the past three minutes. It also appears that she doesn't seem to recognize me which I find odd since I've been seeing Dr. Afton every Monday morning for the past couple of months. "Hi, how can I help you?" "Rosalie Hale to see Dr. Afton." Her eyes widen and I can't tell if it's in recognition of my name or my questionable appearance. Normally when I come in for my appointment, I'm dressed for work. I suppose it's a far cry from the dress I wore to the club on Friday night that I'm still sporting three days later. "Oh, I'm sorry Ms. Hale. We've been trying to reach you. Dr. Afton is ill." She gives me a quick once over. I must look worse than I thought. "I've penciled you in to see Dr. Whitlock in his absence, if you'd like." I'm torn. On one hand, I have a pretty decent rapport with Dr. Afton. We play chess while we talk. He's familiar with my history and I've come to appreciate his direct, zero-tolerance-for- bullshit approach. This Dr. Whitlock guy, I mean, who knows, he may have me committed or something like that. "He's new to the practice," she says, seemingly sensing my hesitation. With a wave of her hand, she directs my attention to a wall of portraits. I step forward to get a good look at the stand-in, and there he is, nestled between Dr. Weber and Dr. Yorkie is the very youthful Dr. Whitlock. "Um," I say, drawing out the word staring unbelieving at the young doctor. Chin length, bleach blonde hair frames his face, while his pearly whites offset his fake bake tan. "Yeah… He's like ten - is there anyone of age that I can see?" "He's a really great doctor," she says quietly and blushes. Apparently the pointy tooth, spiky hair, finger holder has a thing for the Cheeto-tinted doc. "I'm sure he is, sweets. But I need to talk to a real doctor who's been at this for more than a month. Is there anyone else you can squeeze me in with today?" She shakes her head slowly and mouths the word 'sorry' though I don't believe she's sorry at all. Fuck my life . "Alright, I'll see him." "Great, go ahead and have a seat. He'll be with you shortly." Sighing in defeat, I turn and face the thankfully empty waiting room. The overhead lights dance off the sequins of my dress as I walk, making pretty patterns on the light beige carpeting. I happen to catch a glance at my reflection in the mirrored glass coffee table and it's not pretty. Perhaps a trip to the restroom is in order, not that I'm particularly keen on seeing more of my reflection, but I showered and ran out of his place like my hair was on fire to get to this appointment. "I'll be right back. I just need to use the restroom." She nods and smiles, giving me the 'OK' sign before pulling her headset microphone to her mouth to answer an incoming call. "For fuck's sake" I mutter to myself and toss my clutch onto the bathroom mirror's ledge. To call myself a 'hot mess' is a severe understatement, wearing a strapless mini dress and sky-high stilettos on a Monday morning no less. I think I'll just call a spade a spade and say I look like a 'total fucking disaster'. I run my fingers through my ratty-ass, air-dried hair, all the while inspecting the pallor of my skin. I wish I could blame the harsh fluorescent lighting or the fact that I'm not wearing a stitch of make-up for my current condition, but I can't. Sadly, I also can't make myself feel guilty for the questionable judgment that has me in this situation in the first place. "Jackpot!" I pump a celebratory fist feeling like fucking MacGyver when I find a rubber band, a tube of mascara, and some lip balm in my clutch. Perhaps I'll be downgraded from a 'total fucking disaster' to 'quasi train wreck' yet. Starting with my hair, I pull it all into a messy bun on top of my head when I see them - faint light purple fingerprints along my neck. Turning my head, I find another mark hidden beneath my jaw. I continue feeling around my shoulders and twist around to see if there are any more across my back and down my arms. A sick satisfied smile crosses my face when I uncover ridges of teeth marks near my cleavage, just below the neckline of my dress. I can't help but revel in the evidence of him all over me. I feel him everywhere. He's there in the burn of my thighs whenever I bend to sit, and the dull ache between my legs that throbs both on contact and at the mere thought of him. The wicked grin stays firmly in place as I make my way back to the waiting room, giving the receptionist a friendly wave and a wink when I take a seat. I thumb through a nearby US Weekly, distracting myself with the sordid tales of the latest off-the-rails starlet when my phone vibrates through my clutch against my leg. My body begins to hum and buzz right along with it. It's him, and his text consists of one word. It just so happens to be the only word I ever want to see or hear from him. More? I pull my lip through my teeth as I type my confirmation. More. His reply is nearly instantaneous. When? Unsure of how to answer his question, I decide to go with the least committal response. I'll let you know. "Ms. Hale?" I look up to see the young doc coming toward me with his hand extended. "I'm Dr. Jasper Whitlock." "Dr. Whitlock," I say, taking his orange hand in mine and briefly wonder if his Bain de Soleil sunless tanning lotion will leave a residue on my skin. "Please call me Rosalie." "Rosalie." He corrects himself and directs me back to his office, but not before tapping the receptionist's desk, giving her a quick wave. Oh y eah, they're fucking for sure. His office is similar to Dr. Afton's. Cool gray colors against dark charcoal accents. I'm surprised to find a chessboard set up on the table. "Dr. Afton noted that you guys play chess during your sessions," he says, closing the door softly behind me. "I figured it may make things more comfortable for you." "Well, that depends," I tell him, taking a seat on the couch. "Are you a better chess player than Dr. Afton?" He shakes his head. "Not even a little bit. I'm a beginner at best." "Good, let's play." "Ladies first." He waves his hand, taking his seat across from me. I move my pawn to e4 before casually inquiring, "So you've read my file?" "I have," he confirms, countering my move with a pawn to c5. "And you know what I'm being treated for?" "I do." He rests his elbows onto his knees, propping his chin on his entwined hands, watching me play my knight. "How's that going for you?" I sigh deeply. "Not particularly well." He follows my lead, moving his knight. Beginner my ass, I'm getting hustled. "I think I'm relapsing." His eyes don't leave the chessboard, nor does his brow arch in surprise, concern or question. "You're relapsing or you've relapsed?" A humorless chuckle escapes my lips. "Have you seen my outfit today? What do you think?" He gives no reaction whatsoever. "I've relapsed," I admit quietly, pushing a loose tendril behind my ear. He nods, acknowledging my honesty. "How long have you been relapsing? When did it start?" "I don't know," I lie, knowing exactly when it started. "You don't know?" "Maybe a few weeks or so." "Have you broken your 90-day abstinence commitment?" My voice is barely above a whisper when I confess. "Yes." "When?" "A few days ago." "But you say your relapse began a few weeks ago." I shrug and watch him bring his next knight forward. "What triggered it?" he questions, his eyes meeting mine for the first time since our match began. Him. My mouth opens and closes, unsure of the words that may spill out of my mouth. "I met someone." His eyes go back to the chessboard while he bobs his head in understanding. "Is this a special someone?" The snort escapes my nose before I can stop it. "If 'special someone' is code for a spectacular fuck, then sure, he's a special someone alright." Apparently the f-bomb brings the brow arch I've been expecting. "No, this is not a romantic entanglement, doc." "I see." His voice drops as he considers this. "So he's not someone you're in a relationship with. Would you say you see him as a catalyst for your setback?" "Not really. I don't know. Maybe, I guess." I push another pawn forward on the board and sit back, crossing my arms over my chest. "Ultimately I'm responsible for my choices, but I don't know. He's um," I pause, choosing my words very carefully. "He and I are very similar." He advances his pawn one square. "How so?" "We suffer from the same affliction ," I say slowly, undoing the bun from the top of my head and nervously pulling my hair to one side. Several seconds pass before he speaks again. "So, he's been diagnosed with a hypersexual disorder as well?" I confirm with a nod of my head. "How did you meet?" "That's a long story, doc." "I've got time." "It's hardly PG rated." He laughs. "Good thing we're both grownups here." I resist the urge to bust his balls and ask to see ID. "I'm serious. The details are a little…" I trail off suggestively. "Risqué? Salacious? Obscene?" He rattles off the adjectives that don't even begin to describe our downward spiral into the depths of depravity. "I'm sure I can handle it." "You asked for it," I tease, swiping one of his pawns and placing it on the table. "We met at a Sexual Compulsives Anonymous meeting or outside of one I guess I should say." My mind flashes to the night we met as I begin to recount the sordid story to Dr. Whitlock. The words pour from my mouth while the memory plays until I feel as though I'm back in that moment, standing there on Rainbow Boulevard, taking that first deep pull from my pre-meeting