Rating M Disclaimer: Stephanie Meyers owns all things Twilight - I just like to get them dirty. Special thank you to Team DirtyLayLovinYummyMaven which consists of my favorite fiction enthusiast and fellow Triangle of Curls Girl Heather Maven, one of my absolute favorite authors in the fandom Robsmyyummy Cabanaboy, and my dear friend and lovely beta, Lovin Rob who jumped me into this fanfiction gang. This O/S was my entry into the Dirty Talkin' Edward contest. Huge thanks to TwiSNFan for selecting this entry as the Secret Keeper's Choice. "Sorry, we're closed," he shouts over his shoulder while wiping down the bar with his back to me. "How about just one drink?" I ask with a pout. I see his shoulders tense slightly as he recognizes my voice. "You know, for old times' sake?" He turns slowly and unleashes his signature smirk on me. "Long time, no see, stranger," I say with a grin and a shrug as I sidle up to the bar. "Have time for a drink with an old friend?" He nods and makes his way around the bar to pull me in for a hug. I wrap my arms around his waist, burrow my face in his chest and suddenly I'm eighteen years-old again. In an instant, all of the memories from our three summers together come flooding back to me. He squeezes me tight and places a soft kiss on top of my head before releasing me. We smile and stare, regarding each other for a few moments. He looks the same, but older and maybe a bit taller and fuller throughout his body. He seems a little worn and tired, but God Bless America he is still devastatingly handsome. He chuckles and nervously runs a hand through his hair. I realize that I may or may not be leering, so I try to regroup. "So how about that drink?" I ask playfully poking him in the rib. He catches my hand and rubs his thumb over my palm. It's embarrassing that even the most subtle gesture from him can render me a smiling, tingling mess. "You got it. Let me just lock up real quick." His body brushes against mine as I go to take a seat at the bar. I hear the flick of the switches, the click of the lock and my heart starts beating a little faster. I don't look at him as he walks back around the bar. Instead I try to focus on the sights and sounds around me, like the twinkling Christmas lights above the bar, or the buzz of the neon lights in the windows. I'll do just about anything to distract myself from the nervousness and anticipation that has my entire body on edge. "You still drink Boones Farm?" he jokes as he grabs a couple of glasses. "Or have you moved on to Mad Dog 20/20?" I laugh and shake my head thinking about my younger self and how little it took to get a buzz. "Let me make you something that I think you'll like." I nod and watch as he moves around the bar to make my drink. He is totally in his element as every movement he makes is confident, sure and slightly cocky. We start playing catch-up as he tells me about how he's been running the bar since Carlisle's heart attack last year. Edward's in the process of putting together the financing to buy him out. I don't miss when he looks up slightly to gauge my reaction. I guess this is Edward's way of letting me know he's putting down roots here in Forks. I smile brightly and tell him that I'm happy for him. This must please him, because I see him smirk as he drains the drink into a glass and tops it off with soda water. "Here, try this," he says, handing me the cocktail. I take a sip and the moment the cotton candy vodka touches my tongue, I know exactly why he chose this drink. I swallow it down and lick my lips as he looks on. "It's delicious. What is it?" "It's a Cotton Candy Collins," he says as he grabs a glass and a bottle of Johnny Walker and makes his way back around the bar to sit with me. "Do you like it?" Cotton candy will forever remind me of the Clallam County Fair. I remember dreading the arrival of the fair every summer, because it signaled the end of our time together. He watches intently as I drink, and I wonder if he knows that I've made the connection. The second our eyes meet, I know we're both thinking of the very last fair we spent together. The memories flash through my mind, and once again I am twenty years-old and looking over the brightly lit fairgrounds from the top of the double Ferris wheel. I remember climbing higher and higher into the starry night and opening my thighs for him. I can still taste the cotton candy on his lips and see the look on his face as his hand disappears beneath my skirt. I swear I'm still able to feel his fingers as they slip into my panties to tease my clit. My skin tingles at the memory of his breath against my ear and the gravelly timbre of his voice as he whispers filthy things that to this day make my nipples harden and my thighs clench. " Spread those legs just a little bit further, baby. I need to make sure that you're nice and ready for me. I can't wait to get you alone tonight. I'm gonna work that pussy over. You gonna let me, Bella? Huh? You gonna let me make you feel good?" "Of course I like it," I smile and take another sip. "Cotton candy reminds me of the fair." Images of foggy windows, sweaty limbs, and joined hands from later on that evening in the fairground parking lot invade my mind. "Been to the fair lately, Edward?" He lets out a small laugh, shakes his head and pours his scotch. "So, how have you been?" I give him an abridged version of the past five years of my life. I cover the basics like college and grad school. I skim over inconsequential things like my summers spent in Arizona and Jacksonville and hope he doesn't ask why I haven't come back to Forks until now. I regale him with tales of my mother and her much younger husband. He still gets a kick out of my Renee stories. God bless my mother, but she is a round-trip ride on the hot mess express. Edward makes me another drink as we move on to discuss Charlie and his recent marriage to Sue Clearwater. He tells me that he doesn't see them much since Charlie retired. I have a pretty good buzz going so I don't want to ruin it by telling him about overhearing my father and stepmother belly slapping this morning. I shudder as I remember hearing my father's gruff voice shouting out, " Yeah girl". I try to drown the memory by guzzling my drink like a lush. This causes Edward's eyes to widen slightly as he prepares drink number three for me. "Your turn," I tell him as he pours two more fingers into his glass. He gives me an equally condensed version of his past five years. He notes the important stuff like graduating from college, his two-year stint in New York and a nice overview of what his day-to-day life is like now that he's running the bar. He tells me that he bought the old Mallory place a few blocks over and that he's in the process of remodeling. My mind immediately wanders to how he'd look wearing a tool-belt over low slung jeans, wielding a power tool. I slip further down the rabbit hole when I start to recall all the fun I had with the power tool in his pants. I feel my eyes drop to his crotch and wonder if his dick is a little fuller and standing a bit taller these days as well. "Bella?" He sounds concerned as he waves his hand in my face. "Are you still with me?" "What? Yeah. Um," I stammer like a jackass. "I'm sorry. What were you saying?" "I asked how long you are in town for." "I'm not really sure," I pause awkwardly and measure the next words out of my mouth very carefully. "I'm just trying to figure things out." "Figure things out?" he asks as he leans in and raises an eyebrow at me. I nod hoping that he won't ask me to elaborate because I don't have an answer for him. In an ill-advised preemptive strike, I take a long unladylike swig from my drink, causing it to dribble down my chin. "Shit!" I spit, trying to catch it when I suddenly feel his thumb glide over my chin and brush across my lip softly, wiping the liquor up as it goes. His eyes are on my parted lips as his hand lingers on my cheek for a few moments. When he pulls back, I admit I'm disappointed. That is, until he slips his thumb into his mouth and sucks off the excess. I watch as he takes a long pull from his drink and slumps back into his chair, no doubt pleased with the effect he has on me. He moves his leg to prop his foot on the bottom of my bar stool. Although our legs are barely touching, it somehow feels intimate with his knee comfortably resting between mine. That's how every touch feels when I am with Edward. "Got anyone special waiting for you back home?" he questions while picking at the label of the scotch bottle, purposely not meeting my eyes for the first time this evening. "No," I reply quietly. I brace myself for impact when I get the courage to ask the same question. "You?" I see the corner of his mouth turn up as he shakes his head slowly in the negative. "Have there been others?" I blurt, but it comes out sounding like an accusation. I inwardly cringe because I sound utterly certifiable. "I mean, like, anyone serious?" I amend quickly. "As in marriage potential?" He brings the bottle to his lips and shakes his head again. He gulps down the liquor and clarifies. "No one special." What in the ever-loving fuck does that mean? "How about you?" He tilts his head and gestures towards me with the bottle. "Have there been others?" I notice he doesn't add the marriage piece to the question. I hate that I can't tell him that there have not been others over the years, so I tell him the same truth he told me. "No one special." He rubs his hands over his jaw as he considers this for a moment. He grins knowingly as he raises his glass for a toast. "To no one special." One toast turns to two, then three and four as we continue our drunken trip down memory lane. All of our stories seem to start with ' remember when' and ' whatever happened to' and become more elaborate and animated as we go. We laugh and laugh and inch closer to each other with every memory we revisit. His knee is now locked firmly between my legs and he's holding my thigh to balance himself as he leans in. "Do you ever …" he stops abruptly and shifts back in his seat. "Never mind." "What?" I say as I playfully slap the top of his leg and shamelessly slide my hand up. "Do I ever what?" "Do you ever think about us?" He questions quietly, catching my hand and bringing it to rest against his chest. All the time. I shrug indifferently and keep my eyes focused on our hands. "Answer the question." I quirk a brow at him, letting