My name is Marvel. I was born and raised in District 1, which is best known for its luxury products. Of course, only the people in the Capitol take real interest in our products: They want to stand out, no matter how. In order to show our area of expertise to the outside world any maybe have a career, we have to look pretty and well-cared for as well. It's how you sell products: Wear them. Only to a certain degree, of course. We care about our looks and hair but cannot necessarily afford more expensive products. Not that it matters. Growing up in District 1 means, that you could be reaped and consequently die. Just as in any other District. But we are not as poor as some of the other districts. Our products sell very well – as I said: The people form the Capitol are vain, so luxury products are most important for them. Nothing else is so much at the front of their minds than luxury products and how they could enhance their looks. Our parents can afford to hire tutors, to train us in the art of killing and fighting. We hardly ever send a child under the age of fourteen to the arena. Our chances of winning are not as sparse as the chances of the kids from the poorer Districts, such as District 12. They hardly ever win. As far as we've been told, they only have one surviving victor and never had many more. Not that I'd care. Why would I? I want to win, to live a life in riches in the Victor's Village. Caring about the inevitable fate of my fellow Tributes won't get me out alive. I trained since I can remember. As soon as I understood that I had to give it my all, that failing would mean my death, that slacking off would be my death, I trained, and trained, and trained some more. I do not want to die, so everyone else will have to bite the dust. Survival of the strongest, and all that. Right now I am being transported up to the arena to await the start of the 74th annual Hunger Games. I am excited, watching the clock count down is worse than I ever imagined it might be. Stepping off the platform to soon is not an option. The mines around us would blow me to pieces and all my ambitions to survive would have been for nothing. All the years I spend training to survive, to bring my accuracy with the spear up to where it is now... for nothing. I count down the seconds until it starts. 45. My parents are watching this right, as is mostly every person in Panem, except maybe those who have to work. Everyone sees what we do now, if we shake or cry. 20 seconds to go. I try schooling my face into an indifferent mask. If I look like I don't care it will seem to most that I am confident in my abilities. Which I am. 5 seconds. I get ready to run, tighten my muscles and crouching down slightly. I want a perfect start for the Cornucopia, where I will meet up with my allies for the time. 3. 2. 1. I run, the air whips past my face. I don't care for the backpacks on the outer edges. I want the weapons further in... a spear or something like that. I see a gleaming knife near one of a grate and grab it – a good start. Now... to even out the field... The boy from District 8 runs vaguely in my direction, probably concentrating on some of the supplies nearby. Then he sees me and his face takes on a determined expression. He runs at me. I remember him from the Training Centre. He had some good hand-to-hand technique, if I remember right and don't mix him up with someone else. Which I don't. He tries to down me with an upper-cut, his stance speaks of confidence. The boy wants to take out one of us, the Careers, as we are called by the Tributes from other Districts. He should have concentrated better... instead of staring at the supplies it might have come in handy to keep his eyes on the competition. I block his upper-cut, not as easy as I would have liked, but I block the blow. He looks mildly impressed – until his expression turn horrified when I slash his throat with my knife. He clearly had not seen my take it. Too bad for him. I turn away from the dead boy and move further in, closer still to the Cornucopia. My knife finds a save place in my belt when I spot a spear and pick it up. I'm far better with a spear than with a knife, after all. As soon as I take up the spear I feel in my element. Now I can get going for real. I see a boy take an axe and topple him over. It's the runt form District 3. I take the axe from him and kick him in the stomach for good measure. The axe stays in my hand for now, along with the spear. The girl from District 7 tries grabbing a backpack, not paying attention to her surroundings. I run at her and ram the spear in her chest when she finally, albeit far too late, looks up. Her eyes become wide and her mouth forms a little 'o'. I feel almost bad for killing her, almost. Still... I want to survive. I want to see my parents again. I let the spear where it is, telling myself that I do it because it looks cool. I even grin a little. My sponsors will surely like that. They want blood lust. They want ruthlessness and they want us dead above all else. So I will give them deaths, bloody ones. And I will seem unaffected. I take a new spear and look around. The others run around like chicken, grabbing stuff and running, dropping the stuff, fight, grab, repeat. A few have already vanished into the forest. I spot the girl from 10 as she tries to grab a backpack. Well... she will not go anywhere. I throw my axe at her and hit her in the leg. She screams loudly and falls to the ground. The girl starts robbing away, trying desperately to get away. She has not yet accepted that she will not even make it to the edge of the forest. I run to her, hop a few paces next to her, howling with laughter at her misery. She's even crying now. Pathetic. Can she not even die a dignified death? I happen to think that I'd die without crying, screaming and grovelling in the dirt. I roughly kick her in her side and she rolls over onto her back, whimpering pathetically. I raise the spear and she closes her eyes, tears roll down her cheeks. I stab the spear in her chest. Slowly the adrenalin leaves my system. I look around. Only my allies are left, everyone else fled or is dead. Oh well. "Whoo!" Cato howls and waves his sword around. I grin at him and we high-fife. This whole thing is so far easier than expected, even if I did not expect it to be so easy to kill someone. Clove and Glimmer come to us and we grin at each other. From behind the Cornucopia comes Zoe, the female Tribute from District 4. All seem elated and somewhat relaxed. We survived the Cornucopia! Behind Zoe comes the boy from District 12, though. Which I did not expect. At once all of us, Cato, Clove, Glimmer and me, bring our weapons back up, seeing as the boy has a spear in his hand. He seems nervous and Zoe waves at us. "It's fine!" she shouts. "He can help us find the girl from his District and he's strong!" She wants him in our alliance? Unexpected. Very unexpected. "You sure?" Cato asks. His face is stormy and he eyes the boy like a piece of meat. "Yeah." Zoe answers with a grin. "And here I thought you were in love with her..." Clove grins maliciously. "I am." the boy answers. "But somehow I still don't want to die, not even for Katniss." he looks down. "Only one can win. So... I guess I'd rather join you than tramp around alone and get killed early on. Why not join forces? Without me you'll never find Katniss. I know her and I know how she operates." Cato shrugs. I don't care either way. As soon as the boy isn't useful anymore, I kill him. Preferably in his sleep, while he cannot defend himself. I remember how he threw that weight at the Training Centre like it was nothing. "I'm for it." I say. Slowly the others nod. "I'm Peeta." the boy says. "We know." drawls Clove. "You're the Lover-Boy, tragically in love with Katniss Everdeen since forever – and now you will never have a life together, because only one Tribute can survive." she laughs cruelly and turns around. "Let's gather some weapons and go hunt. The Gamemakers will want to collect the bodies." So we leave the bloody grass of the Cornucopia behind and enter the forest. If we're lucky we'll find someone and loose some more competition. Peeta tags along. He seems totally unconcerned that we will turn against him. It makes me angry, oh so angry! How dare this no-one from District 12 to be so at ease while walking around with us Careers? Is he mad? Or does he really think he can take us on alone? Now that I think about it, I have no idea what he can do besides throw heavy objects around as if they were weightless. He and his partner have been very careful not to show their abilities while we were training together. Before the score had been announced revealing both Tributes from District 12 had scores around the Career perimeter I never even thought they might be tough. But maybe they had some talent. Zoe would not have tried to get Peeta introduced to our alliance if he were a weak talentless victim of the reaping. But, hey! Who am I kidding? There is no way we will let Peeta Mellarck, the male half of the "Star-crossed Lovers", win this. No. #-##-##- We have wandered around in the forest for hours now. It is already dark, the Fallen have been announced a while ago. "I never could stand Louis." Zoe muttered when she saw the picture of the boy from her District. "He was such a stupid little cry-baby! Not much of a Career in him." she then snorted while rolling her eyes. Cato grins again. He had been the one to off the boy. "Hey..." Glimmer whispers a few hours before dawn. "There's a light up ahead." Clove and Zoe start snickering while Peeta does nothing more than raise an eyebrow. "Seriously?" He then asks. "Who'd be stupid enough to start a fire in the dark?" "Maybe it's your girlfriend." Clove says crossly. "No. Katniss would never be this stupid. She's most likely hidden herself by now, preferably up in some tree." he even stares Clove down like it is nothing special. Totally fearless. I cannot stand this guy. As soon as he exceeds his usefulness, he's done for. We sneak closer to the fire. It's a girl – and she nodded off. She must have not gotten any warming supplies; she does have a backpack, though whatever was in there cannot have been of much use. She only wakes up when Cato is almost on top of her, sword raised in the air, ready to strike down. She screams, but only once. Glimmer laughs hysterically and imitated the girls high-pitched scream. "Her face! Hilarious!" tears run down