The night is all encompassing. It drowns out what I know to be real, that I know that I am safe, that I am home. It flashes the faces of loved ones I couldn't save and strangers whose blood still stain my hands. I moved in to the guest room of my Victor house, closing the doors to my room, my mother's, and Prim's had not been open since I arrived back in District 12. I couldn't even bring myself to walk down that hallway. The primrose bushes that Peeta planted started blooming two days ago. Although I had graduated looking at them, I still could not touch the small colorful flowers. The thought of them dying in the cold winter or the delicate petals falling put of my hands and to the ground bring the feeling of fire over my still healing body. Tonight is no different. I sit at the kitchen table a frigid cup of tea in my hands. I am in the same spot that Greasy Sae left me in. I have not moved or even attempted to bring the liquid to my lips. I felt lost and empty. Numb to the world around me. The only light in the house is the moon fighting it's way between the curtains. Out of the corner of my eye I see movement, not daring to look, my body tenses with the history of violence it has seen and done, I see the flick of Buttercups tail over the top of the table edge and I relax. I let my eyes wonder back and forth over the scenery of the kitchen stopping immediately on the plate of cheese rolls on the counter. I had not spoken to Peeta since he planted the bushes and even then it was brief. I am fully conscious of how selfish I have been when it comes to him, and I feel as if my heart burst into a thousand pieces, all searing and digging their way through my charred flesh. When I think of how Peeta will never be able to look at me the same, how the boy who had fallen in love with me is lost in this man, whose memories and psychological pain will never love me. He will never be by my side again and it's all my fault. I regret not swallowing those berries when I had the chance. It was hours before I heard the soft knock on my front door, effectively pulling me out of my stupor. I rub my eyes, no doubt deep bruises circle them from sleep deprivation. I push my self from the table, causing my tea to spill over the edges of my cup on to the table, I pull the largest knife from its container on the counter and pad my way to the door. The knife gripped in my hand so hard my knuckles turn white. I look through the peep hole in the door and see no one. Could I have imagined the noise? It was completely plausible as I had heard screams and shouts the day before, but I knew those were all in my head, all the screams and shouts belonged to those long dead. I unlocked the first two dead bolts and then the small one on the knob it self, poised the knife in a kill position and opened the door just enough that one eye could peek out. There he sat on the steps with his head in his hands, the moonlight bouncing off his hair like a halo of white light. His back rose and fell rapidly as if he had ran to sit right there. I open the door all the way and step out onto the stoop. The arm with the knife hanging loosely at my side. If he were having a flashback and tried to kill me at this moment, I would not stop him. I wouldn't raise a finger to defend myself, in all honesty, I welcomed it. "Peeta?" I whisper. He heaves a sigh before he speaks, so quietly I have to step closer to hear. "Katniss," He sighs again, his hands moving from his face and hanging over the edge of his knees, he turns to look at me, his eyes bloodshot, bruises under his eyes, which I'm sure are a mirror image of mine. "I can't close my eyes." I nod knowing the feeling all too well. I step down a step and sit next to him, our shoulders almost touching. I pull my knees up to my chest and rest my chin on them. I just sit with him in silence. I couldn't think of anything comforting to say, that was always Peeta's area of expertise. I am not comforting, or warm, or sweet, or even nice. I am cruel and cold, violent and deadly. But he doesn't press, he doesn't say anything either. We stay there until the sun peaks over the horizon, and watch it make it's slow decent into the sky. Peeta's favorite shade of oranges fills the cloudless sky. He sighs and looks down at his hands, fingers stained with dried paint, wringing them in and out of each other. The fidgeting bothers me, in away I can't quite describe. This moment seems so perfect and endless in our stillness and the movement seems wrong. I put my hand on his to still him, he entwines the fingers on his left hand into my right. It is the first time since I kissed him, before the explosion that we have touched. The electricity is not missed between us, but it is ignored. Neither one of us has the emotional capability to be able to put this in words or even a glance at each other. Our silence was broken by glass shattering in a nearby home, I don't have to look to know it's coming from Haymitch's house. In my peripheral vision I see Peeta glance at the house and sigh, releasing my hand, he makes a cuff on his right wrist with the hand that was just holding mine. The heat that he left still resonating. I watch as his grips his wrists, alternating each one, he had once told me that the pain brings him back to reality. The memory of him in shackles rubbing his skin raw pulls me back to the streets of the Capital. I close my eyes pulling my knees closer and burying my face in them. When I finally rise, Peeta is no longer next to me on the steps but walking away from me, his shoulders haunch ed, hands in his pockets. I sigh and stand, my bones protesting at the movement after being cramped for so long. I pick up the knife I had left on the stoop and open my door and lock it behind me, promising my self that I would not live long enough to recall this memory. That I would end this misery tonight. I sit back at the kitchen table and place the knife gently next to my forgotten cup of tea. I put my arms out in front of me examining my wrists and forearms, trying to decide the best place to start. I trace the scars there with my eyes, following the map of grafts that cover my skin. I watch my skin as the lines begin to dance in front of my eyes, the memory of each one bringing a name to mind. Finnick, Johanna, Boggs, Wiress, Gale, Peeta, Prim. Before my mind catches up with my actions the knife is in my hand and blood is pulling around my left arm onto the dark wood table. Seeping into the grain, staining it forever. I can feel my head becoming light and airy as the kitchen slips away and black consumes it. There are no morphling addled dreams that wake me slowly, only the banging of pots and pans from somewhere close by. I can feel the plush velvet of the couch beneath me and the fabric of a bandage around my left arm. Soon another scar will mark my failure. I hear water running from the sink and more banging of pots and pans. I know that it must be Haymitch. It has to be. Greasy Sae would not be coming today as she had told me last night. I was supposed to be alone today, able to die in peace, in away I know I didn't deserve. I deserved something violent and ugly. I finally open my eyes and see gray-silver Seam eyes staring back. "Oh, well look who's finally graced us with her presence." Haymitch says from behind the letter he was reading. The one from Plutarch that I have successfully ignored for weeks. I look toward the kitchen door to see who was making all that noise if Haymitch was in the living room with me. Peeta stands in the doorway kneading dough in his hands, watching my face. I roll my head back so I can stare at the ceiling. I was a complete failure. Not only couldn't I save those I loved, but I couldn't even leave this world the way that I had planned. "Katniss." He breathed in the melody of his voice that I had concluded I would never hear again. I close my eyes and try to shut it out. The chair under Haymitch groaned as he leaned toward me. "Thought you could get way that easy did you?" His question was entirely rhetorical but I felt the need to answer anyway. "And I would have gotten away with it a long time ago if it weren't for you." I hiss. I can feel the anger boiling in my stomach. Why couldn't they just let me die? If anyone understood why I would need to it would be them. "And you won't as long as I'm around to prevent it." He responds, my eyes lock with his about to argue, when I catch something I've never seen in Haymitch's eyes. Sincerity, one emotion that had lived in Peeta's eyes. I realize Haymitch has nothing left to lie to me about, nothing left to hide, no need to manipulate me, no need to push me in any certain direction, except life, and that seemed as if he was trying to make a genuine attempt. "Here," he drops an unopened envelope on my stomach. It's the letter from my mother that I had refused to read. "You should read it." Before I could protest he held up his hand to stop me. "Contrary to what you may think, you don't know everything Katniss." With that he grabbed a glass with some brown liquor I had never seen and walked into the kitchen, sitting himself at the table, staring out the door. I glanced at Peeta in the doorway. The dough still in his hands. We were all broken. I plead with his eyes hoping he'd give me some kind of hope at an escape from this sorry excuse I had for a life, full well knowing that I would get nothing of the sort from him. Even in his deteriorated state, he would still protect me with his own life. No matter how dismal and miserable I may be. He looks down at the dough in his hands and shakes his head, turning back to the kitchen. I would get no sympathy from him. When I'm finally alone in the living room I bring my self to a sitting position and flip the envelope in my shaking hands. I didn't want to open it. I knew what it would say. Why she couldn't be here, why it was too painful for her to come back to this place, it would be the same reasons I have for trying to take myself out of the picture entirely. But I knew Haymitch wouldn't let it go until I read it. My mother's careful scroll raced across the paper, the