FAGE 8: Soul Mates Title: Stand Upon: Secret Thoughts of Accountants Written for: Abbymickey24 Written By: 4CullensandaBlack Rating: M Prompt used: Prompt #1-The song Thinking Out Loud by Ed Sheeran and Prompt #5-Older man with younger woman (15+ year age difference) (Bella & Jasper) Summary: Bella discovers some inconsistencies with a few financial records at her new job; leaving her to question what is really going on at Whitlock Enterprises. If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange visit the facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps, or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox. community/ FAGE-8-Soul-Mates/ 93625/ "What? This cannot be right." I do a double check of the spreadsheet in front of me cross referencing the handwritten journal entries. "This makes no sense." I stand up from my desk and make my way over to my boss' office. "Hey, Paul can you take a look at this." He gives me a weird look before reaching for the folder that contains the documents. "What am I looking at here, Bella?" he asks, scanning the spreadsheet and journal? I clear my throat; I am not the best when talking to authority figures. "Either some receipts are missing or someone hasn't been reporting correctly." I whisper the last part, taking a step back and sitting in the chair parallel to Paul's desk. I have only been with Whitlock Enterprises, LLC the parent company of Hale Motors and Cullen Construction for the last three months. I was promoted and relocated to the headquarters in Austin from the Phoenix location of Cullen Construction. It hasn't been an easy transition for me. I am constantly being undermined by my subordinates. I feel that Paul, my immediate supervisor understands to an extend but still says, 'you're the new guy it's just a little hazing.' That's all well and fine when it comes to making sure that I am doing something correctly or, of course correcting me about it if I'm not. But I think it has to do with the fact that I'm technically an outsider that has been promoted over some older person who has been here longer. I cannot and will not apologize for my success; I have worked hard and am humbled to be promoted to this position. But of course that doesn't stop Lauren Mallory from walking into Paul's office as we are trying to figure out how far back this discrepancy goes. "What is going on here? Bel-la is something wrong?" She sneers my name while she makes googly eyes at Paul. Girl, the man is married and obviously from how he is looking at you; he is not interested. "Lauren, Bella has found some errors in our AP accounts." She comes around the desk to see the documents. It is not lost on me that her cleavage is now at direct eye level with Paul's mouth. I roll my eyes as she looks over the records in front of her. "It seems that these figures date back to before Bella came. You were actively working these accounts at the time, correct?" he asked a shocked Lauren? "Yes I was but I delegated these accounts to the temp that we had that is no longer with us." She seemed pleased with her answer. "She was highly trained I didn't think that I needed to watch her like a dog, but if there is actually an error or two, I do apologize." Paul seemed pleased enough with her reply but I was still a little skeptical. According to Jessica, the department gossip, Lauren is a micromanager and is always double checking everyone's work, even season veterans. She would have been watching that temp. "If you'd like I can handle the corrections, Bel-la" I'd rather punch you in the face. I answer before I say something that I will regret. "It's okay Lauren. I can handle this." I force a smile onto my face. "Bella, just to be on the safe side I need you to go and bring this to the attention of Mr. Whitlock." I almost pass out at this announcement. "Me?" taking a few calming breaths I ask. "Yes Bella." Paul hands me back the folder. "You are the Head Controller over these accounts now. I need you to handle this. We don't know how far these errors go. The temp was here for a while." "Yeah, Bel-la" Lauren decides to put her two cents in, "we may have to do an audit of the entire Accounts Payable department. What if it's a technology glitch; that would be over twenty-five accounts?" I accept defeat as I exit Paul's office leaving him and Lauren to do whatever; I can't believe that he is sending me to meet with the CEO of Whitlock Enterprises. I ride the elevator up to the thirty-eighth floor and the doors up to reveal a white marble floored waiting area. I lift my head up high and round my shoulders. I can do this. "It's time to put your big girl panties on, Bella," I whisper to myself. I walk along the glass walled corridor to the receptionist desk to be greeted by a very attractive young man. He looks to be about my age in his mid to late twenties. "Hello, Ma'am. How can I help you?" he says. "Hi." I clear my throat. "I am Bella Swan from Accounting and I need to speak with Mr. Whitlock," I finish quickly. "Oh, Ms. Swan our new CAE. It is a pleasure to meet you." He smiles as he readies himself to write something on a notepad. He never breaks eye contact with me as he says, "Unfortunately, with it being Friday and I don't see that you had a scheduled appointment, Mr. Whitlock left early for his farm in Taylor." "Oh, I am so sorry it was a last minute discovery that was made…" I was planning on continuing but he waved me off. "No, no, Ms. Swan I will handle this right now if you don't mind having a seat." He gestures to the area behind me. "I will have an answer for you shortly." I do as I am told, walking over to the set of gray colored fluffy looking loveseats a far distance away from the reception area. After a few minutes of whispered words and typing keys, Jacob Black, the receptionist whose name I discovered from the plate on his desk, starts walking towards me. "Ms. Swan I just got off the phone with Mr. Whitlock and he has asked that you join him at his farm." I am stunned into silence as he continues. "I informed Mr. Whitlock that what you had to speak to him about was very important otherwise why would you come up on a Friday?" True, I would have waited until Monday if it wasn't important and also I would have scheduled an appointment, so I nodded in agreement. "I took the liberty of printing out a map for you to the Taylor Estate" I looked at Jacob with confusion on my face. "I thought you said he was at a farm." I laughed "I was picturing a small plot of land." "Hmm, well off you go. He is expecting you within the hour and since it is almost two you shouldn't run into any traffic." He dismisses with his words and I rise from my seat and walk to the elevator with Jacob close behind. He waves goodbye as the doors close. "I really hope that I am not wrong about my findings otherwise this could really blow up in my face." I tend to talk to myself when I am alone, apparently. I feel as if I am going to the principal's office as I finally drove up the gravel road to the gate of the Whitlock Farm, at least according to the sign which acted as a mile marker behind me. I press the button on the intercom…"Hello?" a distorted voice came out of the speaker. "Hi…um my name is Bella Swan. I'm here to speak with Mr. Whitlock," I yell into the intercom hoping that the person on the other end of the speaker can hear me. Soon a loud buzzing noise surrounds me as the gate that I am parked in front of slowly opens. I press the button one more time saying thank you while starting the ignition of my car, pulling it forward. The driveway isn't that long, but that does not make the scenery any less beautiful. It is overwhelming to say the least, I am not a big nature person, but the leaves and trees that covered the area encompassed what a well-established wealthy farm would look like. I pull my car to a stop in front of the porch and look up at this massively beautiful two story house. The front door opens, as I continue to stare and a tall dark figure appears in the doorway. As I exit from my car I can only make out his shape. As I walked in front of my car the mystery figure comes from underneath the shadow and reveals the sexiness man alive. I think I may have died on the trip up here and am now entering the gates of heaven. The man is sex on legs; I want to climb on top of him and lick his body from head to toe. He looks almost forty, with darkish blond hair and a five o'clock shadow that seems to be settling in. He is currently shirt-less and sweaty like he has been plowing the fields all afternoon. He is wearing a pair of very loose, very worn out acid wash jeans that fall dangerously close to his man bits. Holding my breath I watch as he makes his was across the porch opening his mouth to address me. "Afternoon, Ma'am," he says in his thick southern accent. I just stare into his Mediterranean blue colored eyes as he gets closer to me. "Ms. Swan, are you alright?" "Um, yes I am here to see Mr. Whitlock" I say kind of breathlessly. Come on. Get it together, Bella. You are not slow. "I am sorry I didn't introduce myself, I am Jasper Whitlock." I blink at him raising my eyebrow in the process. Are you kidding me? Shit he would be, Jasper Whitlock: my boss. I guess there'll be no licking for you, Bella It sucks that I like having clothes on my back and food on my table because if I didn't I would assault him right now. Down girl I stretch out my hand towards him resigning myself to life of spinsterhood, because sadly, I can't have him. And of course me being me I end up tripping over some dirt coming face to face with the ground. "Ms. Swan" he screams in alarm as he reaches down picking me up. I feel a little lightheaded so it takes me a minute to realize that I am in his arms. Fireman Style! I am encased in is BARE MUSCULAR ARMS! I can smell the sweat and grass on his skin. I lean in closely towards his chest; it glistens in the scorching sunlight. "Hey, darlin" he laughs. "That tickles, Ms. Swan." I am confused for but a moment until I realize that I've done the unthinkable and licked his chest. He tastes so good! "Huh?" I try to play dumb as I look up at Mr. Whitlock, innocently. Maybe he'll think that the fall may have messed with my brain a little. "Let's get you inside, darling. The weather man said that we are under a tornado warning." He continues to speak about the report as we head to the porch which is when I notice that the sky is starting to turn rather quickly. I am sadly going to need to get out of his arms and get this meeting