Notes: Okay soo I really suck at summaries. I dunno what possessed me to write this fic, but anorexic Nico is just a headcanon I've had for a reallyyyy long time and no one else seemed to have it so idk this happened? I really didn't mean for this fic to turn out like it did, but I worked really hard on this and I guess I'm happy with the final result. Biggest thanks ever to my best friend and fellow writer Naz Carstairs, who beta'd this for me. There was something wrong with Nico. Percy hadn't seen much of the son of Hades since the final battle against the earth goddess and her ranks, and Jason had informed him, somewhat irritated, that Nico had left because he was tired of feeling like an outcast. Usually Jason was pretty easygoing with Percy, but when he'd said that, his tone sounded more than a little bit accusatory. After that, people rarely spoke of the son of Hades. Percy even began to forget about him unless he was recounting the different wars he'd fought alongside the other boy, at which point Nico would cross his mind fleetingly with the question 'I wonder where he went' . So he didn't expect to trip over the boy on his way out to see Annabeth three years later. Initially, Percy barely recognized him, but upon closer inspection, there was no denying it. Same sharp features, same black hair, same skull ring and bomber jacket even, although the latter seemed to at least have become more worn over the years. There was a note written in cursive tucked inside of Nico's jacket that read: 'Help him. -Persephone' Gee, that was helpful. What the Zeus was he supposed to help the kid with, anyways? He looked exactly the same as Percy remembered him, only taller and possibly more mature. He'd also grown more pale, probably owed to his time in the Underworld, and his cheekbones and jaw were sharp as a knife, giving him a fiercer look than he'd had as a kid. Mentally, Percy debated what he should do. He could just leave Nico here, or take him to some park or something so when he woke up he wouldn't even know he'd been at Percy's. He could even take him to camp, Percy supposed. He'd never been all too close to the kid, but he remembered that as much as Nico hadn't liked camp, he always seemed to like Percy less, so he probably wouldn't want to wake up to the son of Poseidon. Then again, why would Persephone drop the son of Hades off on Percy's doorstep in the first place? He decided on just taking the guy to camp and telling Chiron to watch over him until he woke up, but then Percy thought of all the times Nico had saved his ass and not even asked for anything in return and sighed, because he owed the boy this much. Defeated, he leaned down and picked Nico up, carrying the light weighted demigod bridal style into his apartment and laying the son of Hades down on the couch. He left the room to call Annabeth and apologize, telling her he couldn't make it and he'd explain later. When he returned to the living room, the TV was on. Nico had shifted his position such that now he was lying on his side instead of his back, and he was watching Tom and Jerry, the light from the tv bathing him in a blue hue. His eyes followed Percy as the son of Poseidon crossed the room to sit across from him on a recliner his mom and Paul had gotten him as a housewarming gift. The son of Hades sat up, and Percy noticed that his arms shook like crazy as he used them to lift himself up off the couch, as if they would topple under the weight at any second. The memory of holding the world up on his shoulders flashed into his mind, but he shoved it aside and pretended not to notice the other boy. Nico refused to look at him. "How'd I wind up here?" He asked, his voice flat and defeated, and just hearing that made Percy realize he was wrong . The boy had changed a lot since Percy had last seen him. He'd become broken. Percy gaped at him a little bit before Nico's eyes darted to him, annoyed, and somewhere in the back of Percy's mind a part of him, that sounded suspiciously like Annabeth, said 'Close your mouth, seaweed brain' . He shut it, his teeth clicking together, before remembering that he had been asked a question. "Uh, I found you on my doorstep." He said, ever intelligent and smooth. Nico's head dropped and he gripped the arm rest tightly, his knuckles paling as he attempted to lift himself off the couch. Percy watched, for a second, before he jumped up and eased Nico back down. Oh Gods, it wasn't even a struggle. As soon as Percy began to gently lower the boy back onto the couch by his shoulders, the son of Hades collapsed. Persephone was right. Nico really needed help. "I, uh. I should probably get going." Nico said quietly, his eyes downcast. He seemed ashamed that he hadn't been able to fight Percy's protests better, and honestly, the fact that he couldn't frightened Percy. Demigods couldn't afford to be so weak, especially one such as a Son of Hades. "Why, it's not as if you have somewhere else to be." Percy said, and when Nico's shoulders slumped further, he realized he may have worded that a bit too harshly. "I meant-when was the last time I saw you, Nico? And you're just going to rush out? Can't you stay a little?" Nico lifted his head, his eyes like a caged animal's. "Uh..." Percy gave him a pleading face, which he knew was exploiting the situation, (he could even get Jason to do him favors if he pulled that face on him) and Nico sighed, falling back against the couch. "Fine." Percy smiled in a way he hoped looked encouraging and started towards the kitchen. He'd made plans to have dinner with Annabeth, but now that that was off he realized he was getting hungry. "You want anything to eat?" he asked Nico, and when he didn't receive an answer, he turned, eyebrow raised, to the boy on his couch. Nico had paled considerably, shaking his head violently. Percy's eyebrows furrowed. "You sure?" Nico nodded, then, seeing as Percy was about to question his reaction, said: "My stomach's all messed up, I'm afraid if I eat anything it'll end up on your floor." Percy, as much as he really wanted to help Nico, wasn't too keen on the idea of cleaning up demigod puke. He nodded and entered the kitchen. His apartment was built such that the living room was the first thing you walked into upon entering the apartment, adjourned to the kitchen on the right side of the house. To the left of the apartment, the living room connected to the only hallway in the unit, which led to two bedrooms and a bathroom. Since Percy was living alone and attending a college nearby, (he was majoring in marine biology, and not only did he enjoy it, but he was good at it, too) he had converted the spare bedroom into a study. He hadn't seen the point in keeping a spare bedroom for someone; he didn't get too many overnight visitors, and it wasn't as if when Annabeth spent the night she slept in a different bed, let alone room. But now? He was kind of regretting not keeping a bed in there, or a futon, or something, just in case a scenario like this came up. He made himself a grilled cheese and retrieved a bag of chips from one of several pantries before pouring himself a glass of dr. pepper. "Hey, Nico?" "Yea?" "You want something to drink?" "Uh, water. Please." "You sure? I have dr. pepper and diet coke if you want." "No. Just water." His voice seemed strained, Percy thought fleetingly, before shrugging it off and filling a glass of water for Nico. He carried his food and their drinks out to the living room and sat next to Nico on the couch, handing him his water. "Thanks," the son of Hades mumbled, and out of the corner of his eye Percy watched as he sipped at the glass while they sat and watched Tom and Jerry. Nico fell asleep on the couch, and he seemed to have scooted away from Percy while they had been watching TV, because he was hugging the armrest and his head had adopted it as a pillow; the younger boy's body curled up into a ball with his legs tucked into himself. Usually, Annabeth would get irritated whenever Percy put his shoes on the couch, even if it was his couch and they were his shoes, so he instinctively moved to carefully let Nico's legs down onto the ground. Nico's eyebrows furrowed in his sleep and he began shaking violently. "N-no, no! No no no no no no please stop leave me alone please please please" Nico sounded hysterical, and Percy jumped away, suddenly remembering that Nico had gone through Tartarus too except, unlike Percy, he'd been alone. Percy's heart ached; as if the kid hadn't had enough to deal with he'd still had to endure that; it made his stomach churn thinking about the way he'd treated the boy before. He felt like whatever was going on with Nico now, it was his responsibility to help him out of it, especially because Persephone had basically told him it was. Although Nico hadn't shown any weird behavior other than that he was unbelievably weak. Percy exhaled, exhausted, and ran a hand through his own unruly black hair. That was a trait the two of them shared, thanks to their fathers. Percy left to his room to retrieve a pillow and two blankets for Nico, slowly removing the boy's jacket when he returned to the living room and, placing the pillow under his head carefully, covering him with the blankets before preparing himself for bed and falling asleep to thoughts of what Nico may have been up to for the past couple years. "No, it's not like that," Percy insisted into his phone, pacing the hallway outside the campus library. He'd left as soon as his phone rang, and, because he'd forgotten to silence it, had to endure a stink eye from the librarian as he rushed out to answer Annabeth's call. "It's not as if there's anything off about his behavior, it's like I said. He's completely normal except he's always tired, he sleeps a lot, and he's too weak to even support his own weight for too long." Percy positioned his phone so that it was propped between his shoulder and cheek so he could work the vending machine properly with both hands. It was incredibly useful, that demigods could use phones now thanks to an impish son of Hephaestus. Leo had been irritated with the fact that teenage demigods couldn't own cellphones because no one could figure out a way around this "puny little problem". He'd stayed up all night for about three days, tinkering and testing and trying again before he finally figured out a way to keep phones from attracting monsters. The smile on his face had been unbelievably wide, even for Leo, when he proved to everyone that yes, it actually could be done. Here they were, a year later, and Percy couldn't remember how he'd survived without his cellphone before. "Well, it has only been a few days since he got there, right? Maybe you just need time to be able to see it." Percy was frustrated. Honestly? He'd been frustrated since Nico had first shown up and Percy couldn't figure out