I've always felt the best surrounded by trees. The clean, crisp air biting at warm cheeks, the evidence of your life escaping from parted lips, the slow ache creeping into your body as you spend hours up here, between the pines… this is magic. This is heaven. This is what I live for. I wipe the sweat that has been collecting above my brows and wipe my hand on my father's old leather jacket. I breathe in the fresh mountain air. My eyes sweep the valley below me, marveling at the different shades of green and follow the black dots of birds darting between the tree tops. Yes, I think, eyeing the mountain lines barely visible in the fog. This is what my heaven would look like. "Yo! Earth to Katniss!" A sting on the back of my head follows the voice. I grimace, turning around to see Johanna picking up another pinecone. I draw my bow to her, eyeing her carefully. A smirk plays on her lips as she tosses it back and forth between her hands, amused by my actions. "Careful, Jo," I drawl, putting down my bow. She cackles and throws the pinecone behind her. "I could've easily told the police it was a mere hunting accident." Johanna laughs even louder. "Please, you wouldn't do that to me. You need me," she said, bumping her hips against mine as she stands next to me. Johanna whistles at the view. "Sure is pretty." I nod. My favorite place in the world was this spot- the trees opened up at the beginning of a round edge off the middle of the small mountain closest to our small house. You can see miles and miles out into the sea of trees and mountains before you until the fog swallows them up. It is the perfect spot to watch the sun go down between the two tallest mountains in the distance. The stars shine their brightest here. My father used to bring me to this spot after a hike or a hunting trip and we'd snack on the apples he would bring from home. We would wash up in a clearing just barely half a mile back and to the left. I try to visit this place at least a few times a week, schedule permitting. The thought of my father immediately constricts my throat and the threat of tears makes me stop. I swallow hard and shake my head slightly to bring me back into reality. A reality where Johanna stands next to me and not my father. "Why the pinecone assault?" I ask, finally breaking the silence between us. I shift my bow awkwardly onto my shoulder, turning slightly to face the twenty-seven year old, who was looking at me in a way that hinted she knew what was going on in my head. She quickly smiled and scratched the shaved side of her head. "I was calling your name for a good five minutes, Kat," Johanna said. "You were pretty out of it," she added, smiling slightly. "I can see why. This place never ceases to amaze me." I nod again. "Sorry, I guess I was. Hey, did you check the snares a few yards back?" I ask, finally tearing myself away from my holy ground. Johanna nodded and grinned, pulling two rabbits out of the hunting sack and wiped the dried blood from her hands before taking a large canteen of water from her backpack. "Surprised these little shits took to it. I suck at snares," she said before taking a large swig. Johanna Mason has been my friend since we met at the lumberjack competitions when we were teenagers. She hailed from the state of Arbor, where many girls competed in ax throwing and other lumber sports, especially if they were five and a half feet tall and could throw as far and as hard as she could. Johanna admired my archery, I the way she handled an ax. I never expected the then nineteen year old would ever talk to my awkward, sixteen year old self, but we quickly became friends over our love of competition and the lamb stew they used to serve to the winners. Johanna's brown hair was cut short, just above her ear. Lately she's been taken to shaving the side of her head. "It suits my barbaric side, don't you think?" she said the first time she tried it, her deep brown eyes gleaming with mischief. I can definitely see why Conall, her fiancé and old training coach, dotes on her so much. They were exactly alike. "See anything you like, Everdeen?" she winks at me, throwing the bag of game over her shoulder. I laugh, shaking my head. "Let's get these back home. It's nearly eight. We have to open up shop in three hours." Making sure all of our things are accounted for, I start my way down the path back to our small house four miles away. Johanna groans behind me. "Can't that Delly girl open? Isn't that why we hired her, to do the things we don't wanna do?" grumbles Jo, avoiding the tree limbs that threaten to trip her. After graduating from Mountain State two years ago, the university in town, I decided to open a gym/practice facility in a large abandoned warehouse. A space to practice my archery, relieve my stress, and provide a distraction from everything around me was a must, especially after my father's death four years ago. Johanna moved here to Blue Mountain, a large town located between the mountains in the twelfth district of the state of Panem, to help me start it up a year ago and to instruct the kick boxing classes that was one of a few classes provided at Panem Fitness. Johanna was right- we did initially hire Delly to do the things we didn't want to do (mainly paperwork and customer service while we held classes). Delly Cartwright was a simple minded girl, nice, but not that reliable. She had texted this morning saying she was sick and couldn't make it, which had me stuck with receptionist duties all day, along with the bookkeeping duties that usually fall upon me on Sundays. "Called in sick," I grunted as we got closer to the house. I wasn't too excited to be behind a desk all day, but I would be better at it than Johanna, who would surely scare the customers away. "But that means you get to do classes all day," I add, turning my head to see her scowl and laugh. I knew Johanna secretly loved teaching the kickboxing classes so she could have an excuse to yell at people and kick things all day. "Whatever, Everdeen. Let's get these inside. I'm starving." I inherited my father's old hunting cabin when he passed away. It's been in his side of the family for generations. It was the size of a small house, painted a dark brown and was nestled in between the trees. A large porch was home to two rocking chairs that belonged to my parents. Upstairs held the two bedrooms and a bathroom Johanna and I shared, and downstairs had a cozy living room and a small kitchen. It was close to a hiking trail and a few miles out of town. I spent many summers running around with my little sister Prim up and down these stairs and around the land, swimming in the creek that ran not too far from the backyard and catching fireflies. It took me a couple years after my father's death to step back into this house, but I finally got the courage to do so. I couldn't abandon one of the few things my father left me, no matter how painful it was to be here without him. Johanna and I took our time cleaning the two rabbits we managed to acquire. It wasn't a great haul, but a haul nevertheless. I did not expect much out of this trip, but I needed some fresh air and to my surprise Johanna joined me. After breakfast I ran up to the shower, having called dibs first, to Jo's dismay. I stripped off my dirty hunting clothes, avoiding glancing at the mirror. I waited impatiently for the water to turn from cold to hot, cursing myself for not doing this first. I felt the tiny thin hairs on my arms stand on end at the cold, the goose bumps suddenly appearing all over my body sending a shiver down my spine. I loosen the long black braid that I usually don, letting the waves fall over my face and shoulders. Steam rises from behind the shower curtain and I sigh as the hot water hits my cold skin. Running my hands through my hair, I think of today, hoping it won't be too busy. I hum quietly to myself, lathering my body with the lavender scented soap Prim brought for me the last time she was home. I let the water rinse me off and turn to stand facing the stream of water, allowing it to hit my face. "Hurry up, Katniss!" Johanna whined, banging on the door. I sigh and turned the water off. It was good while it lasted. I wrap my hair and body with towels and open the door. Johanna stood there with arms crossed, her towels draped over her shoulder. "Finally. I was about to chop my way through the door," she said, winking playfully as she passed me to get into the bathroom. "I hoped you left me some hot water to work with!" I hear her call out, shutting the door behind her. I change quickly into black, spandex tights and my Panem Fitness t-shirt, haphazardly hopping around my room, pulling one shoe on and struggling to find the other. Dressed, I brush my semi-dry hair, styling it into my usual braid. I let if fall back and finally make myself look into the mirror. I'm not a confident person. I've always thought myself to be a bit plain. My formative, pubescent years weren't so wonderful. I inherited my father's steel grey eyes, black hair, and olive skin, not my mother's blonde hair and blue eyes, like my sister. I hardly ever wear makeup, never really seeing the need to unless it's forced upon me (my mother or sister begging me until I'm annoyed to the breaking point usually does it). I look away and grab a light sweater from the pile of clean clothes off my bed and run down the stairs. I spot Johanna filling a water bottle, her gym bag resting on the counter. Grabbing the day's essentials (apples, keys, phone, my own water bottle that Johanna kindly filled, granola bars, and my files for today); I fill up my own bag and head out the front door. The late morning air had a chill to it. I pulled my sweater tighter around me as I throw my things in the back seat. I slam the door behind me, nestling into the passenger seat of the large SUV. I see Johanna locking the front door behind her and running to her car. "Fuck it's cold," she mutters, turning on the engine. "Ready?" she asks, the feeling of the familiar anxiety spill into my gut as I glance out of the window. I drum my fingers against my knee as a distraction. Johanna smiled kindly and handed me her iPod. I nod gratefully, thanking her silently for a much needed distraction. I close my eyes and crank the volume of the music as I feel the car leaving the driveway and my stomach drop to me knees. "Ready." Panem Fitness has your basic gym equipment for all your different types of gym goers, divided up in sections in an open floor plan to provide easier transitions from one type of workout to the next. For the strength training types, the barbells and the racks were conveniently located by