Friends to Lovers Contest Pen name: TiramiSue84 Title: Sweet B Summary: Some people are so dense; they lose sight of the forest for the trees. Well, how was I supposed to know that everything I've ever wanted has been right in front of me all along? Pairing: Bella/Edward Beta: Regina S. (EBS), Bigblueboat Rating: M Prompt used: 30 (The One with the Nap Partners) Word count: 9407 . . . It's Friday night, and while my peers are out to get shitfaced and lucky, I'm faced with a rather tough decision: to order some food and do some much needed cleaning around the apartment while it's delivered, before jerking off and calling it a night, or to just jerk off and hit it, leaving the chores for another day? Yeah, college life sure is sweet. I'm usually not all that lame, but working on top of studying, term papers and exams really have been leaving me beat, and I need to refill my batteries. Deciding that I wasn't a complete bum, I order a pizza and then get going. I stuff an armful of dirty clothes into the washer before working on the mess in the kitchen: washing and then towel drying a good couple of days worth of dirty plates and utensils, wiping down the counters and taking down the trash. I can't be bothered with vacuuming, and the roomie is on bathroom duty. So I leave those alone. I do, however, change the sheets and bedding and collect some more stray clothes from my bedroom floor to refill my laundry hamper with. Grabbing a beer from the fridge to reward myself for my mad skills and proficiency, I down half of it in three gulps. Seeing as getting the chores done has only taken me a good thirty minutes, I'm debating whether to get a quick shower in as well, when there is a knock on the door. Expecting it to be the delivery guy with my food, I'm quick to grab my wallet from the coffee table as I make over to the front door. Upon opening it, the smile I carry from anticipating the greasy goodness widens instantly due to the sight I'm met with. Casually leaning against the door frame with a shit-eating grin on her face stands one of my favorite people in the whole world. "Sweet B! What a nice surprise." Bending down a little, I kiss her cheek in greeting. "I hoped you would think so. Thing is, I didn't feel social enough to go to that frat party with Jess, but not anti-social enough to spend the whole evening alone in my room. That's why I picked up some chinese and beer in hopes you would fall for the bribery and take in this sorry-ass girl for a few hours." Rolling my eyes at her antics, I step aside to let her in. "You never have to bribe me to spend time with you, you know that." "I do." She smiles at me. "You don't mind that I just showed up here, do ya? I mean, if you've already booked yourself a hot date with someone else, I'll just leave the beer with you for another time and be on my way again." "Oh no, you don't. First off, there is no hot date—well, there wasn't until now." It was her turn to roll her eyes then. "My plan for tonight consisted of pizza and sleep. That's it." No need to tell her about the self-loving part. "And even if I had had plans, I'd have canceled them in a heartbeat because I'd always much rather spent my time with you." "God, you're such a fucking sweet talker, Edward. You should make use of these powers on some of the girls around campus just dying for you to pay them attention." "Now, why would I do that?" "Oh, I don't know. To get out, meet a nice girl, perhaps. Get laid. I heard some of these girls are so smart, they even know how to tie their shoelaces!" She mock-gasped. "So cheeky." I reach out to pinch one of her cheeks, but she is quick to slap my hand away. "And who said I'm not getting laid?" The look on her face is too comical; all wide-eyed and caught off guard. "What? You met someone? When? How long have you been dating? Do I know her, and if not, when do I get to meet her? Is it a fling or something serious?" "Jesus, calm down, will ya." Realizing that she was still dressed for outside, I take the bags and six-pack from her. "Whatever, jackass. I'm just surprised. That's all." Her gaze travels down to where her fingers are fumbling with the buttons on her black coat. "I just thought we were close enough to share important things like having a girlfriend with each other." Well, that went downhill quickly. "Hey now! We've known each other for three years, and you've been my best friend ever since. Of course we are that close. Hell, you know shit about me not even my own brother knows, and that's saying something. You are the first person I'd tell about having met someone I fell for. I never said I did, though. Did I?" It's the truth; ever since that fateful day on campus when that group of dudebro assholes got a bit too boisterous as they shoved and mock-wrestled each other. Walking by, Sweet B tripped and then knocked right into good ol' Pete's back when she tried to avoid getting pulled into the middle of their idiocracy. After making sure she was okay—and having a few not-so-kind words with jackasses—we got to talking, and we hit it off right away. All three of us. Being a transfer and therefore new on campus, Peter and I took her under our wing, showed her around and introduced her to our friends. The thing about Bella is that she's a conniving little shit, a swindler. Upon meeting her, you are tricked to believe that she is this pretty, shy little thing; those big brown eyes set in that heart-shaped face of hers, and the petite frame she likes to cover in her standard uniform tights or leggings under a skirt or dress, it all makes her seem a little younger than she is and bestows this air of innocence on her. Coupled with her initial shyness when she's met with new people, and the fact that she's one year my junior… everything together kind of awakened this certain kind of protectiveness over her in me. Not that I ever thought her naive or helpless or anything—she's not. But once she gets to talking, there's just no stopping her, and you realize that she's really a smart-mouthed little firecracker. A sweet and rather cute one at that, but smart-mouthed no less. "I guess not." She shrugged and then turned to drop her coat and purse on a nearby chair. "It's just that... That would really hurt, okay?" The air around us was heavy and filled with unfamiliar tension, a stark contrast to how it usually was, and it makes me uncomfortable. The fact is, for the very first time, it feels like she's putting a wall between us, doesn't help matters at all. "Sweet B," I start and move over to where she is standing, my free arm going around her shoulders. "I can't exactly promise to never hurt you. As much as I want to do it, I'm a guy, and guys screw up—intentionally or not. What I can promise, however, is not to hurt you over something like that. I meant it when I said you'd be the first one I turn to when I find the girl that weasels her way into my head and heart." When she turns to face me, there is a smile on her face, but then again there isn't. Not really. I can't explain or identify it, for I have never seen that particular look before. There's something there that keeps the usual vibrance from spreading fully. And whatever that something was, I want it gone; it doesn't belong with her—or us. "On my honor, you have my word. I'll let you call my mom and tell her what I've been hiding under my mattress since I was thirteen, should I ever break it." She lets her forehead drop to my chest. "Dammit, Edward, that's all you're giving me? Knowing Esme, she was well aware of the filth you've been hiding under there. Also, gross. I sure hope it's not the same mags ever since." I pull a face at her. "Can we please stop mentioning my mother and the filth under my mattress in the same sentence? That's just wrong." The chuckle she emits lets me hope we were getting back on the right track. "We are good, right?" Her hands tighten the hold they have on the back of my shirt as she nods her head. "Of course. You're not getting rid of me that easily." "I don't ever want to get rid of you, B. Now let's stop with all the sappy business so you can focus on bossing me around. Wanna eat here or in the kitch—ow!" Though I expected my comment to earn me some kind of bodily harm, it doesn't hurt any less when the little minx actually attacks. "Must you always be so mean to me?" I mock a pout, jutting out my bottom lip for full effect, as I rub the throbbing spot under my ribs she had just pinched forcefully. "Only if you deserve it—which you do most of the time," she says with a small smirk. "Now move that flat ass of yours and get to work." There's my Sweet B again. Well, a glimpse of her usual self, that is, but it's a start. Beggars can't be choosers, right? So I move my 'flat ass' and grab plates, cutlery and glasses from the kitchen to set the living room table with. Bella, meanwhile, has already moved the extra seating-slash-footrest back to its place in our oversized couch and is now spreading out the pillows and blankets she stole from my bed, turning the whole thing into a 'nest'. "Some people need popcorn to watch a movie, I need a nest," she told me when I learned about her little quirk on the first movie night we had shortly after we met. I guess over time, I adapted that little habit of hers because, really, it's the best way to watch a movie. Actually, it was B's favorite way to do anything, really: watching movies or TV, eating, studying, working on her laptop, twiddling with her phone. I've lost count on all the times I found her lounging in that spot right there. She would live on that couch if we'd let her. Peter and I have a bet going on whether she'll end up in a job she can work from home just so that she can spend her day nestled into cushions, or not. Not that Sweet B is lazy or anything, just one for the coziness, I think. She's an ambitious student I have yet to see fall behind on her coursework, who also works a few evenings a week waiting tables in a diner just a few blocks away from here—one of the many reason's she spends more nights here than in her own apartment. "Can we watch a movie or something?" Sitting down on the edge of the gray over-the-top monstrosity also known as couch—a gift from my parents—she crosses her slender legs to first unzip and then take off her boot. Switching legs, her eyes, once again, remain fixed on the movements of her hands. The doorbell rings. It's then that I remember that there's a pizza waiting with my name on it. "Yeah, sure. Your pick," I call over my shoulder as I scurry toward the door. It's thirty minutes