A/N: Based on a prompt from tumblr user h0lyheadharpies about Sirius falling through the veil into a parallel universe. Don't really have any other notes. Reviews are greatly appreciated. Hope you all enjoy! Bellatrix sent a jet of red light at Sirius head and he ducked, laughing. He knew it would infuriate her, his dear cousin had always hated being mocked. Sirius also knew that while fury fired Bellatrix up for a fight, it also made her erratic, and if he could just throw her off balance… "Come on, you can do better than that!" he taunted, loud enough for everyone to hear. Bellatrix growled in response, and Sirius smiled, he was so close, any minute now she would lose it and start fighting more like a rabid animal than an intellectual dueler. Sirius opened his mouth again, another taunt bubbling on his lips, but another jet of red light hit him squarely in the chest before the words could spill forth. He felt himself lose control of his body as the stunning spell took effect and he fell backwards. He passed through something very warm, like a curtain of steam, and then hit the ground hard. Sirius felt pain spread through his tailbone, and instinctively rubbed his hand over it as he sat up. It took a few seconds for him to realize that he should not be able to run his hands over anything. He had been stunned, he shouldn't be able to move. Alarmed, Sirius looked at his surroundings, even more surprised to find that he was no longer in the Department of Mysteries. He recognized his new surroundings immediately, and they sent a pang of sorrow through his heart. It was Godric's Hollow, the fountain in the center square to be precise. Sirius looked around in confusion. How had he gotten here? Perhaps something in the Department of Mysteries had been a portkey. But then how had the stunning spell been lifted? A portkey would not do that. Sirius pushed himself to his feet and stepped closer to the fountain, staring at his reflection in the water. His face looked younger, with fewer lines and softer edges, as though the weight of grief and sorrow had been lifted from his body. "Hey, you okay?" a voice said from behind him, and Sirius closed his eyes as he recognized it with ease. He turned to look over his shoulder and saw that Remus too looked younger, less troubled. "This is wrong," Sirius said, gesturing toward the fountain, and he turned to look at it once more, as Remus slid his arm around his waist. "This shouldn't be a fountain, they took it out. They were going to build a monument, I read about it in the Prophet." "I didn't see that, but I suppose they just haven't started construction yet," Remus answered, and Sirius saw Remus' reflection give him a curious look. "No, it was thirteen years ago, after the first anniversary," Sirius insisted, running a hand through his curls. "I don't know, love, maybe they just decided not build it after all," Remus shrugged, and Sirius flashed him an odd and somewhat irritated look. "Come on, we're going to be late." "Late for what?" Sirius asked, his confusion mounting. "Where's your costume, mister?" a little boy asked as he ran by, pausing to cock his head at Sirius. "He's going to put it on at our friend's house," Remus assured the young boy, and he ran off, seemingly satisfied. "You did bring a costume, right?" "A costume? Why would I have a costume? Remus we were just fighting –" "I know we were, but I thought we could put that aside tonight for Harry's sake," Remus hissed. "Can't you just enjoy taking your godson trick or treating?" Sirius looked around him again, taking in more details than he had before. In addition to looking younger, he and Remus were wearing different clothes than they had been at the Department of Mysteries. The air was cool and crisp, far different from the heat he had felt when he'd left for the Ministry. Leaves rustled as they skipped across the ground in the wind, and down one of the side streets, Sirius could hear the sound of excited children. "It's Halloween?" Sirius said, more to himself than to Remus, as pieces of the puzzle began to fit together in his mind. "Yes, of course it is, stop acting strange," Remus answered. "Come on, James and Lily are waiting for us and if we don't go soon, it'll be too late to take Harry out." Remus didn't wait for Sirius to reply as he turned and began walking down the street that led to the Potter's cottage. Sirius considered all the evidence in front of him and came to a conclusion that distressed him more than he could say. He must be dead, and this was the afterlife. Sirius had never really believed in heaven and hell. The Black family was not particularly religious, and even if they had been, how could Sirius ever believe in a god after the kind of childhood he'd had? It was the only thing that made sense, the only way he could possibly be with James and Lily. He wasn't sure how it had happened, clearly not the stunning spell, but perhaps he had hit his head hard enough when he fell… Oh god, Harry, Sirius thought, and his heart clenched painfully. His godson would be devastated at his loss, and the fifteen-year old had already been through so much. The idea of Harry suffering made Sirius' heart ache, and he felt an almost desperate desire to get back to him. How did one become a ghost? He had never much liked the idea of becoming a ghost, but if it meant not leaving Harry alone, it would be worth it. And Remus too… Sirius realized, if Remus was here, it must mean that something had happened to him too. There was something fitting about Remus dying moments after himself, in the same battle, but thinking of Remus' death made him hurt in indescribable ways. He wasn't sure whether or not he wanted to know what happened to Remus – he could imagine well enough, Remus charging Bellatrix when he saw Sirius fall, leaving himself vulnerable to a killing curse. Remus stopped walking at the gate leading to James and Lily's house, his hand resting on the wood. It was exactly as Sirius remembered, and yet not. The hedge was about shoulder height, perfect to keep prying eyes from seeing little Harry flying around on his training broom. The stone of the house was neat, though here and there ivy climbed the cracks. James had hated the ivy, always saying he was going to take it down, but Lily loved it, she had thought it made the place feel more homey. The house looked different from the last time he had seen it though. The gate was hanging properly, not from its hinges, latched closed, and the door was not blasted ajar. On the second floor, the walls continued normally, when Sirius vividly remembered the wall of the nursery having been blasted apart, leaving broken studs visible. Perhaps the biggest difference, however, was the three individuals sitting on the front doorstep. James, with his messy black hair, was holding Harry, and Lily sat beside them, one hand resting lightly on James' thigh as she smiled at her son. After a moment, she looked up and waved warmly at them, her green eyes sparkling welcomingly. "You made it!" she exclaimed, rushing forward to hug them as Remus pushed open the gate. Sirius felt his eyes well up as Lily's arms wrapped around him, the familiar scent of her perfume wafting over him. It had been so long. "Sirius? What's wrong?" Lily asked him, suddenly alarmed. He hadn't even realized that a few tears had fallen. "I've missed you so much," he answered, nearly whispering. "Missed us?" she replied, shooting Remus a concerned look. "You were here a few days ago, Sirius." "It's alright, Lily, you don't have to pretend to ease me into it or anything, I know what's going on," Sirius stated, pulling away from her and looking at James. "I know I've died. I just don't understand why it's like this." "Died? Sirius, no one's died!" James interjected, alarmed. "It's fine, James, really," Sirius insisted. "I don't regret it, I was fighting to save Harry from the Death Eaters, there's no more worthy cause –" "Death Eaters?" Remus interrupted, and he, James and Lily all exchanged confused and concerned looks. "What are Death Eaters and why would they be after Harry?" Sirius stopped and looked at his friends, noting the concern that laced their features. They were all regarding him as though he was a bomb about to go off, something alarming and unpredictable. "How can you not know? Voldemort, he killed you, and now you can't even remember who he is?" "We're not dead, mate," James said, holding onto Harry a little tighter. "I don't know what's gotten into you, but no bloke named Voldemort's ever tried to hurt us." Sirius paused, looking at everything in front of him. It made no sense – if they were all dead, James and Lily should remember everything that had happened still, just as he did. And why would baby Harry be in the afterlife, when he had very clearly survived the attack? Something wasn't adding up. "Are your parents joining us?" Sirius asked James, testing a new theory. "No, of course not, mate, my parents… they've been gone for a couple months now," James answered, his voice catching a little bit, and he looked down at Harry, running his hand over the infant's head. That settled the matter – he couldn't possibly be dead. If this were the afterlife, then anyone who was dead would be alive to them. James' parents had indeed died a few months before their son, so they would have to be here if it were the afterlife. The fact that they weren't, that this James' parents were dead too, meant that something else was going on. "Right, yeah, I meant Lily's parents," Sirius recovered quickly, and Lily took a deep breath. "No, Petunia convinced my parents that they should spend Halloween with their son," Lily said, sounding slightly bitter. "I'm sorry, Lils," Remus replied, stepping forward to hug his friend. It seemed that even in this reality, things between Lily and Petunia were quite tense. "Hey, you guys don't happen to have a copy of today's Prophet, do you?" Sirius asked, trying his best to sound casual. "Not today's, but I think we still have yesterday's paper," James shrugged, handing Harry off to Lily and leading Sirius inside. They went to the kitchen, where James dug through a pile of parchment and extracted the previous day's Daily Prophet, handing it to Sirius. He looked at the headlines, flipping through quickly. Every article looked benign, nothing that he remembered seeing, no sign of the events he remembered happening. In the week leading up to his Lily and James' deaths, the wizarding world had been buzzing about the disappearance of Benjy Fenwick, but there was no mention of it in this paper. There was simply no way this could be the same reality that he had lived in. "James," Sirius ventured cautiously, unsure of how his friend would react, "do you believe in parallel universes?" "You mean like a place where everything is the same except for one thing?" James clarified, sitting down at the kitchen table. "Yeah, only one change can have a huge effect," Sirius persisted, and James nodded. "The butterfly effect," he agreed. "I guess it's possible, I don't know, mate. There's no evidence of it, but that doesn't mean it couldn't happen." "I think… I think I'm the proof," Sirius said, his voice dropping to a whisper. "What?" James gasped. "I think I'm from a parallel