A/N: I always wanted to know more about the supporting characters of The Hunger Games series, how dangerous Snow can be, and give more strength to characters like Peeta, Gale, and Madge (who tragically was cut from the films). So what better way to delve "behind the curtain" than write a fic about it? This fic will be as canon compliant as possible but will take elements from the films that weren't in the novels (or did it better than the novels). *Usually, I will have an A/N at the end of each chapter, my version of "translator's notes," so check it out if you would like. Also, be forewarned, there will be slash, rape/non-con, harsh/coarse language, violence, etc. After all, Panem is not a happy place. That should be the last bit of house cleaning, so enjoy. Disclaimer: Everything belongs to Suzanne Collins. I don't own anything. Any text directly taken from the novels is also property of Suzanne Collins and I do not claim ownership over it. THE HUNGER GAMES – PART ONE The Tributes Chapter 1 District 12 was unnaturally silent. Usually, by this time it was much more active, with the streets crowded with tired and worn-down coal miners heading to work or the Merchants opening up their shops in Town. Even the Hob would be setting up for that day's "specialty items" (aka black market items). But it wasn't a surprise, as this was the day that the majority of the population feared every year. It was officially known as The Reaping, but most saw it as a mandated death sentence by the Capitol. At least in District 12, you could die in safety. Lack of food and resources notwithstanding, even dying from "black lung" disease (caused by long exposure to coal dust, something that easily covered most of the District) was a nicer way to go than being reaped for the Hunger Games. Margaret "Madge" Undersee, the daughter of District 12's mayor, knew this from family experience. She was currently sitting at her vanity, tying a pink ribbon into her traditional braid. She paused as she looked down. Her hand slowly ghosted over the Mockingjay pin that lay on the table next to her mirror. She remembered receiving it the night before her first Reaping. Her mother, Marion, had given it to her. In hushed whispers, she told Madge that the pin was the former token of Maysilee Donner, Madge's aunt and Marion's twin sister. Maysilee was the District 12 female tribute who died during the 50th Hunger Games (the second Quarter Quell). It was the same year that District 12's male tribute Haymitch Abernathy won. Initially, Madge felt the pin was like a bad omen. If it didn't help her aunt's odds, how would it help her? It also served as a painful reminder to the entire family that Madge looked like a carbon copy of her dead aunt. In fact, she looked so much like her aunt that her mother would treat her as if she was Maysilee during her "bad days." Her "uncle" Haymitch was just as bad. In fact, it wasn't until Madge's father had subtly explained the true significance of the Mockingjay that she began to wear it with a bit more pride. She carefully pinned it to the lapel of her pearl white dress, frowning as she examined herself. To her, the dress was yet another reminder of how well off she was compared to the poverty that ran rampart through most of the District. And another reminder of how much those in the Seam blamed her for it even though there was no way she had any say in how District finances were allocated (that was left up to the Capitol). Thankfully, Katniss Everdeen (one of her few friends, if she was honest) ignored all the gossip and instead treated Madge like there was no difference in class between them. And speak to 13's ashes, she hears the knock on the front door. Based on the time, she knew it was Katniss with her spoils from the woods. "I got it!" she yelled as she headed downstairs, in part because she didn't want her father to take time out of helping her mother get ready for the Reaping. Due to her mother's "delicate" condition, it took her a lot longer to do things without assistance. The other part of Madge was just hoping to see if Gale Hawthorne (Katniss' best friend) would be with her. Madge has been pretty much been in love with him since she was twelve. Madge reaches the door and putting on the nicest smile she can, she opens it to see Katniss and Gale. Katniss gives her a small smile, holding a box of strawberries in her hands. However, Gale's expression immediately turns cold as he takes in her Reaping outfit. "Pretty dress." says Gale, his words coming out slightly biting. Madge's expression falters a little. She's not sure if he was insulting her or ironically giving her a compliment. Something that seemed to always happen every time they interfaced. Mentally shaking herself, she presses her lips together and smiles. "Well, if I do end up going to the Capitol, I want to look nice, don't I?" From the corner of her peripheral vision, she sees Katniss gives Gale a confused look, one that mirrors his own face. It takes Madge a second to realize that they don't know whether she's serious or messing with Gale. She's about to speak, but Gale pipes up. "You won't be going to the Capitol. How many entries do you have, Five? I had six when I was twelve." He said coolly, eying the Mockingjay pin. Madge resists the urge to cringe or petulantly cross her arms. She knows he's assessing the value of her pin and how much it could feed his family if it was sold. She hates that he thinks of her as just some stupid little rich girl. She's tried to show him that she's different but he is just…so stubborn. Thankfully Katniss steps in, no doubt sensing the simmering tension between us. "Gale, that's not her fault." She says, laying a hand on Gale's arm. "No, it's no one's fault. It's just the way it is." Gale says. Madge's face becomes closed off, stung but trying her best not to show how much the words affected her. She sighs, not wanting to escalate the argument, and gives the money to Katniss and grabs the strawberries. "Good luck, Katniss." Completely ignoring Gale, she closes the door after Katniss responds in kind. She hears Katniss scolding him through the door. Madge takes in a few deep breaths to calm herself. Seeing Gale always put her off balance, something she hated because she had always prided herself on keeping her emotions in check. Half the time, she doesn't know whether to smack him or kiss him. But no one said being in love was easy. A few miles down, Peeta Mellark was doing last minute touches of frosting on the cake made for the "Mellark's Bakery" window display. Already in his Reaping clothes, he had rolled up his shirt sleeves and donned an apron to keep the mess to a minimum. "Why are you still working? Shouldn't you getting for the Reaping?" Peeta's oldest brother Maze said as he walked in. Unlike Peeta, Maze was no longer eligible for Reaping, having made it through unscathed. As quickly as he was able to, Maze had moved out of the Mellark house, not wanting to deal with the family drama mostly cause by their mother. Now 23, he was currently "living in sin" with a young Peacekeeper named Max (who like Darius, was one of the youngest Peacekeepers in District 12) and was attempting to jumpstart his own business ventures. "It calms me. Plus, I am ready." Peeta said as he finished the cake. "What brings you here?" "Can't I come check in on favorite little brother?" Maze said as innocent as he could. Peeta smirked. "Max left early, didn't he?" Maze gave Peeta a mock hurt expression. "How could you think so low of me, Peeta? It's been too long since we've really hung out, with you being in school and all that." Seeing Peeta smile, Maze continued. "So I wanted to see how you were, and invite you over to dinner tonight – 8 o' clock sharp. Max is cooking tonight." "Sure. Sounds nice." Peeta said, letting out a small laugh as he began to clean himself up. Suddenly, the front door opens and Barm, the middle Mellark child sauntered in. "Peeta? What the fuck is taking you so long?" he said with haughty derision. Unlike the close bond between Peeta and Maze, Barm was the odd child out. Part of this was due to being Mrs. Mellark's favorite, thus was placed on a pedestal in the Mellark family at an early age. This in turn led to Barm growing up very arrogant and self-centered, causing friction between the three brothers. "I'm..." Peeta says, unsure what to say without getting himself in trouble with their mother. Maze thankfully steps in. "Barm. I would say it's nice to see you, but we both know that's a lie." Barm turns his attention to Maze. "Well, well. If it isn't the disappoint of the family. Back with your tail between your legs?" Maze's warm expression immediately soured. "Not that it's any of your business, but I came over to talk to Peeta." he sneered. "Not hear to convert him to your little cult are you? Not like it'll matter. No girl would want him anyway." Barm said. "Go fuck yourself." Peeta said, speaking up for the first time. Barm looks at Peeta for a moment, before laughing. "Well, look who's finally grown a backbone? Maybe there's hope for you after all." He eyes the display cake on the table. "Someone's going to get in trouble..." Peeta is about to respond when Mrs. Mellark's voice rings from outside the Bakery. "Barm! What is that blasted brother of yours doing in there? Peeta! Didn't I tell you to be ready?!" Maze tensed as he noticed Peeta immediately paling while Barm looked excited to see what was in store for the youngest Mellark. Mrs. Mellark slams the door open and immediately notices Peeta's slightly disshelved look and the cake on the table. "Dammit, boy! Didn't I tell you not to mess with the display cakes?!" She raised her hand to strike Peeta but she stills in surprise when Maze quickly stepped in between them. "Hello, Mother. Nice to see you haven't changed. Still a raging bitch, I see." Maze said, hoping to invoke his mother's ire so she could forget about striking Peeta . It worked. Mrs. Mellark diverted her attention to Maze as she glared at her oldest son. "Go die in the ruins of 13, fag fucker. You're lucky you father still likes you. If it were up to me, I would have barred you from polluting my house the moment you left." "Small mercies that it's not your house then." Maze said, taking a step closer. "Now how about you and Barm run along now? Stay any longer and I might infect you." He smirks as their mother's expression turned furious. Knowing she can't hit him, she gives Maze one more glare before turning her attention back at Peeta, who takes a step back out of reflex. "Put the cake in the window and fix yourself up. If the Peacekeepers come and punish you for being late, it's your own fault." She grabs Barm's arm as they exit the Bakery without sparing Peeta and Maze another glance. A few moments go by before Maze speaks up. "…That might be the nicest thing she's ever said to me." Maze said completely deadpan, attempting to alleviate the awkward silence that had fallen over the room. It worked. Peeta let out a choked laugh, looking at Maze like he lost