Jumping Into "Arda" by MIX400 Dedicated to everything that let's yourself be imaginative. §§§§ [A/N] This in in no way a crossover or associated with the film Jumper. The idea does not come from it although it seems similar it is purely coincidental. Please note that this story is purely fan-made and written for fun. I hold no right to the characters or anything else held by copyright in this story. The cold washed over me. I felt devastated. The hair on my neck raised. But my face told another story. My heart clenched painfully, as did my stomach. I wanted to crumble down to my knees, hide my face in my hands. But my body stood straight. Hands hanging relaxed down. I wanted to cry and scream. But my eyes stayed dry and my mouth uttered no sound. I was scared. Scared out of my mind. But my control was strong. And my control over my body and heart kept me calm. My control cooling my emotions. Prologue Every time I was travelling I knew the risk. The risk of jumping to the wrong destination . The wrong … reality … or well … world. Maybe, I thought it would free me of the responsibility and I could sleep. Too often I found myself tired but the reason was too painful to name. Maybe I even relished in the feeling of the escape it brought forth. The escape of leaving my world behind and return only to escape it again. But the guilt of staying in another … world was to big. I felt guilty because I wanted to stay and I wanted to escape and I wanted too…. But life itself is not so nice. It kicks you then when you least expect it. The run I ran. I ran through the night and through the stone, the trees and the dirt that made out the forest which made out my surroundings. My heart beat fast as if it wanted to jump into my head so loud was the sound and even tighter it's grip on my breath. Further into the forest I saw an opening of the trees and the a glade before me. I stopped to orient myself where I had to go next. The moon giving me enough light to see. Left it was and with every step I tried to overcome the small time difference I had lost while pausing. Emotions still ran wild in me and I barely missed the mark I had set for myself. It seemed taking left was right, because I could see my camp now. I didn't even stop to gather my things because they have already been before I left. Beside the fire and the tent which was far to small for myself laid my bag with all my belongings. With a quick sweep of my hand I caught it in the middle of running through the camp jumping over a fallen tree which I previously thought big enough to protect my camp, while I had been away. It proved right and landed on the other side of the fallen mammoth tree. Branches and bushes were surrounding it and right after I had broken through the bushes and the smaller trees was a marsh. It was enormous with small islands that had solid rock paths between them or the on or other tree. It was perfect to loose my pursuers in this labyrinth of islands and deadly sticky moor. The water was clear but one wrong move and you would be without hope of rescue. That is if you came as far a to scream for it. Luckily I had never had to fear to fall in the water. The bodies,of those foolish enough, could still be seen and were preserved with the mud and other substances in it. What they were nobody dared to find out. I had the pleasure to witness it when I had landed here. Or jumped as I would call it. Because that was what I was. A jumper. An arrow had missed me barely by inches and I was grateful for it. With a quick turn of my head I saw that it was only one person standing not to far away from behind me. But that gave me no reassurance that he would be alone. The others would follow and quick. Another arrow I heard was flying through the air and I ducked. It missed. Now more than ever I had to reach the end of this blasted moor. Another arrow another miss. How could that be? He was at least 300 feet behind me. Never minding that I ran further and deeper into this labyrinth. I followed the markings I left every once in awhile when I had explored it. The smell was still fresh and only I would know what kind of "flavour" it had. Cries of anger became louder and soon there where gun-shoots to be heard. The Archer behind me still missed and I had enough. I took out on of my throwing knifes and turned around. I didn't even look if it had landed on it's target and instead went back on my track to escape this insane godforsaken land. After balancing through the rock paths and sniffing out the marks of where to go and where not to I soon saw the end of the deadly moor. The angry cries of the people pursing me were also nowhere to be heard. But I didn't slow my pace, still running like mad and hoping to leave a soon as possible. A corn field stretched out in front of me. When I saw a small wall of men blocking my way after I passed through it, I still ran. My face had to be frightening for some of them to back away but not enough to let me through. I grimaced and let out a war cry. Arrows where aimed at me as were the few shot guns. They were only a couple of feet away. I ducked and dodged as much as I could but some arrows and shots still grazed me. I rammed into the first person that stood in my way and used the fall to roll out of another line of shots and quickly stood. I drew my own gun and shot some of the men in the legs and arms. When I had some of them down on their knees ,I didn't think much more and escaped. I barely escaped their line of sight to shot. This time I saw what I first wanted to after I passed the corn field. A gate. Big enough for one person to slip through. Sure it was only me who could see it but what laid beyond was more important. I had a couple of more feet to pass till I reached it when arrows shot through my left arm and right calf. Pain obscured my mind for a short moment and my leg gave away. But I had to reach the gate. It was my only chance to survive. I ignored my pain from my arm and leg. Put them away in a box. And made it to the gate, limping as fast as I could. But my pursuers had crossed the ground that separated me from them fast and I was too slow. Again where the guns and arrows aimed at me, fewer than before and I knew I had to move if I wanted to reach the base. I stood only one step from the gate. I hoped that if I would jump from here that would also work. With a quick move I jumped into the gate and was whisked away. A pressing sensation and then as if I would be floating I was led away. My pursuers only saw me how I have left, jumping and then a glow of dark green, blue and purple light came out of nowhere. For them I was gone from the world and they would ask themselves many times how I had made it out of there. Some even thought I died through the hand or will of a god of theirs. And yet again I lived to tell the tale. Unexpected Landing I should have known it as soon as I have felt the pull, ripping me from my original stream, while I was travelling through it. I was already travelling at a fast pace but it gained on speed the longer I went down the stream. I knew once I left the stream I would land hard and prepared myself for the coming fall. Injured as I was, it would be a hard fall. Whenever I jumped through the worlds I would take my weapons and provision with me that would last at least a couple of weeks. In the last one it was barely enough. I held my bag tight to my chest as strong as I could, so I would not lose it when I landed. My heart speed up as I saw the end of the stream approach. Bright light encompassed me as I passed it and immediately felt the air tighten and shoot me out of the stream. A cry escaped my lips as I did not expect to find my self surrounded by air and the earth beneath me at least a couple of feet away. I felt dizzy and nauseous because of the abrupt halt but then again I felt a pull only this time I could control it to a certain extend how I landed. I was not lucky though. My mind was still to clouded with nausea, dizziness and pain and it interfered with my landing. I tried to twist my body to land on my hands and feet but the nausea, dizziness intensified so that I could only turn half the way I actually wanted. I landed on my left side. Hard. My bag rolled away from me. A small surprised scream left my mouth as I felt my left shoulder dislocate and the pain from my right calf increased, which was weird because I fell on my left side. My right hand also hurt. Probably because I landed on it but I could not concentrate on it as I heard surprised cries. At once I tried to stand up as instinct kicked in and once again adrenalin rushed through my veins. I soon stood on my feet. I held my left shoulder and tried to push it back into the socket with my right hand. It gave a sickening sound but I could almost instantly move it without problems. My back was hunched and I tried to get my thoughts straight. When the dizziness dissipated I looked around. First I recognized the white plastered ground. Columns of white marble decorated the entrance to the pavilion like place and the group which sat in the middle of it. The people were what I recognized next. All of them were men garbed in middle aged clothes. Especially one who had a long grey beard and hair and also wore a grey cloak and a fitting pointed hat. He also had a long staff in his hand. I was no fool when I looked at him straight in the eyes. He was one of spiritual awareness. Better yet, when I looked around I have felt that most of them also had that awareness excluding only the ones who did not have pointed ears or a short stature. I could tell they were not from the same race. They all looked fairly similar, where there not the before mentioned small stature and pointed ears. The ones with the pointed ears also had differences. One was small like a child but had an old look in the eye. The other ones also had that look but their being expressed more otherworldliness than the smaller one. And also more knowledgeable. The ones of small stature had all beards