This oneshot was written for ForeverTeamEdward13, the winner of my latest drawing over at The Sweetest Mockery. The prompt was to expand on an instance in SM, when Cato mentioned how he saw Ember on TV from time to time as they were growing up and he developed a bit of a crush on her. For those who have not read SM, the premise of that fic is that both Haymitch and Maysilee won the 50th Hunger Games, and they ended up getting married and having kids together. The main character of SM is their middle child Ember, who goes into the 74th Games with her younger brother Cedric instead of Katniss and Peeta. SM is mostly about her relationship with Cato and her developing friendships with the other tributes of the 74th Games after they escape from the arena. It's not entirely necessary to read SM before this oneshot; you could even describe this short story as a prequel of sorts to SM. But of course, I encourage everyone to hop on over to read SM after this, since SM is my main work-in-progress. Note: ADD = After Dark Days. Like how we use A.D. to indicate the date, I decided to use ADD to indicate date in Panem. December 57 ADD He doesn't even remember the first time he sees Ember Abernathy. After all, Cato only just turned two, and she's just some boring baby on the TV screen. He's more interested in his new toy soldiers, and he blissfully ignores his father ranting about how pathetic it is that some Outer District scum won the Games this year, and now they have to watch the Victor from District 11, the second worst district, fumbling along on his Victory Tour stop in District 12, the worst district. Then his father shifts to ranting about the A-ber-na-thees and how they're force-fed their apparent fairy tale lives twice a year. Cato briefly looks up at the television. He doesn't understand what his father is so angry about. All they're showing right now is a squirmy, squishy baby who doesn't even look like she can sit up yet. Cato goes back to playing. June 61 ADD The Abernathys are featured every summer and winter, at the beginning of the Hunger Games and the Victory Tour, respectively. But Cato doesn't really start to pay attention to Ember Abernathy until she's three, he's five, and she's somehow managed to smear ice cream all over her older brother on live national television. Cato bursts out laughing. If he ever did that to Ty, his brother would murder him. Ashton Abernathy, on the other hand, while looking very chagrined and irritated, manages a grin. Then he retaliates by pulling Ember into a bear hug, refusing to let the squealing girl go as the ice cream also smudges onto her clothes. Lorraine Abernathy is laughing at them both, and their parents look on indulgently. Cato's father calls the whole lot of them an embarrassment. The next time Cato gets an ice cream cone—a rare treat—he has to try hard to resist the urge to dump it on Tiberius's head. December 61 ADD That winter, the Abernathys are proudly showing off a newborn Cedric. The cameras show Ember pouting in a corner. When the interviewer questions her, she sulks about how her parents only pay attention to the baby nowadays, how her siblings prefer to play with him, and even how her own friends want to see Cedric first thing whenever they visit. "I'll play with you," Cato volunteers, alone in the living room. Ember, who can't hear him, doesn't respond. June 62 ADD By the time summer comes around, Ember seems to have developed an attachment to her new brother. She's all smiles now, happily holding baby Cedric and reluctant to let anyone else take him. "I'm trying to teach him how to say my name, but he just babbles right now, " she informs the interviewer as she gently pokes Cedric's chubby cheeks and makes faces at him. Cato doesn't see any more than that before his father drags him away to train, scolding him for wasting time on that family. December 62 ADD The last half-year has been terrible. Cato has begun training at the Academy with the rest of his age group. He quickly stands out—because of his father, because of his size, because of his advanced combat skills, due both to natural prowess and to Father's extra-early training. The Academy's instructors push him that much harder for it, telling him that he has to live up to his family name. His peers hate him for it, green-eyed with jealousy and full of spite. Every so often they'll try to gang up on him, but Cato proves again and again that he's better than them and not just in one-on-one combat. Still, it's tiring, and Cato doesn't think he likes being the best if it means he's so alone all the time. When he tries to tell Father, his father sneers at him. "What do you care for the opinion of your inferiors? They won't be in the arena with you. This is what it costs to be a Victor. Don't let me see you crying about something so pathetic again. Or crying period." So shortly after his seventh birthday, Cato learns to never cry. As usual, the Abernathys feature during the District 12 stop of the Victory Tour. For some reason or other, Ember ends up bursting into tears at one point. But her father doesn't scold her for it. Instead, Haymitch Abernathy picks her up and soothes her until the tears dry and she's giggling again, as if nothing happened in the first place. There's a peculiar feeling of want and envy in Cato's chest. June 63 ADD Father is confident that someone named Enobaria will win the Games this year. So confident, he's offered to mentor this year—services that Attilus Wolfwood does not offer lightly. And with Father gone to the Capitol, Mother is a lot more lenient about allowing him and his siblings to watch television. Tiberius and Vespasia are only interested in watching when Father, one of the tributes from Two, or even someone from another Career district is onscreen. But the instant the cameras change focus, his brother and sister are out the door to practice beating each other up. It's good for Cato, It means they won't be there to watch him watching Ember playing with her brother at their parents' feet, as Haymitch and Maysilee Abernathy are interviewed about their tributes, who are so scrawny and weak that they won't last two seconds at the Cornucopia. "She's a cute girl, isn't she?" Mother remarks from the sofa behind him. Cato pretends he doesn't know what she's talking about. December 63 ADD As predicted, Enobaria won this year, so the Victory Tour is supposed to be all about her. She greets the Abernathys in Twelve, as is the custom for every Victor, but she doesn't look all that pleased about it. Ember is staring up suspiciously at the older girl. Enobaria notices, and the camera catches her grinning down at the six-year-old, baring her teeth—the teeth that gained her renown in the Capitol and infamy in the Districts, for tearing out someone's throat. Instead of cowering behind her older siblings, Ember scowls and sticks out her tongue. Funny. Cato's never liked Enobaria all that much, either. One of the reporters must have gotten tired of Enobaria's preening, because she decides to chat with Ember for a few minutes. The conversation turns to two-year-old Cedric, and that's when Ember begins gushing. "Everyone says it's too early, but I know I'm right! I know that Ced's started learning how to read." "But isn't he still having trouble talking?" "That's not because he can't talk but because he doesn't want to," Ember insists. "But he wants to read, so he's doing it. He's really smart. He's going to be one of the smartest people in the world one day." And she smiles, a would-be toothy smile if it weren't for her two missing front teeth. Cato really, really, really likes that smile. June 64 ADD The entire Abernathy clan is ashen-faced this summer, with every reporter in the Capitol desperate to snag a conversation with one of them. After all, it's not every day that twelve-year-old Ashton Abernathy gets reaped for the Games. "What a loser," says fifteen-year-old Tiberius. The Reaping recaps are playing, and Ashton is visibly trying not to tremble as he climbs onstage. "If I were in the Games this year, he'd be dead meat in seconds." Ember and her little brother are with their parents on the stage. The prematurely grave expression on her face makes it obvious that she knows—to a degree, at least—exactly what's going on, that her older brother is in bigger trouble than she can comprehend, that the Golden Age of the Abernathys has drastically darkened. Cato tries and fails to imagine how she's feeling. Both Tiberius and Vespasia would be raring to go into the Games at Ashton's age, not turning whiter than paper like the blond boy. And both Ty and Ves can be really annoying, so if they were going, part of him would be saying good riddance. Still, he wishes he could do something about that sad look on Ember's face, as if she's already planning to attend her brother's funeral. He much prefers it when she's laughing and getting ice cream all over her brother. One unexpected bonus of Ashton Abernathy's Reaping is that the rest of his family shows up on TV a lot more often that summer, including Ember. She manages to keep up her smile most of the time in front of the cameras, but Cato can tell it's forced. It's only ever real when she looks down at Cedric, who's too young to be interviewed but who's usually with her anyway, and pats his dark curls. Cato doesn't like that fake smile. The pool of tributes continues to winnow down, but Ashton Abernathy remains, and interviews with his family skyrocket. "Ash is going to win," Ember tells the interviewer. "How do you know?" "Because he's my brother." Cato puzzles over that answer for a long time. He wouldn't have such confidence in Tiberius winning the Games simply because he's his brother. For the first (but by no means the last) time in his life, Cato wishes he knew what went on inside Ember Abernathy's head. Ashton wins. In the interviews following the Games, Ember has a huge, relieved smile on her face, but it's also tainted with sadness. Why is she sad? Her brother won. Her brother's alive. What is there to be sad about? As Ashton Abernathy's problems become publicized over time, Cato learns the answer. December 64 ADD The Abernathys come to District 2 for Ashton's Victory Tour. Father and Mother attend the party hosted for them, but Cato and his siblings have to stay behind. When Cato tries to sneak out, Ty and Ves catch him. Cato is seething when their parents finally return home, and Mother unties him from the bottom stair railing. He seeths even more when the party is finally broadcast, and Ember Abernathy looks every bit as downcast as he expected and feared. What were you going to do about it anyway, if you had gone? Cato doesn't know. June 65 ADD Everyone at the Capitol is so busy talking about new fan-favorite Finnick Odair that the Abernathys barely show up on TV. When they finally do, Cato notices that Ashton arguably looks worse than he did in the arena, that Haymitch and Maysilee's smiles are forced, that Lorraine isn't even trying to smile, that Cedric is exceedingly quiet (then again, Cato doesn't think he's ever heard the three-year-old talk), and that Ember looks mad. Mad at Ashton, mad at her parents, mad at Lorraine, mad at the interviewer, who wisely decides not to ask