Shout-out to my best friend and beta ProudAthena13! One: My father deals a bruising blow to my arm. I yelp and nurse the battle wound, pouting. "Dad, I wasn't ready!" "Do you think the other tributes in the arena are going to wait for you to be ready?" Dad growls. "C'mon, Ember, what do I always tell you? What do I tell you all the time?" "Always be ready," I mumble. "Exactly. That was, as you said, not ready. If this were the actual Games, you'd be short one arm and dying from blood loss, sweetheart." He taps his wooden sword against his thigh, contemplating if he should extend our sparring session. But he relents and dismisses me. "You're done for the day. Go clean up. Your mother should have brunch ready soon." Dad whirls around and pins his glare on my little brother, who is unsuccessfully trying to remain unnoticed behind his book. "Cedric! You're next." "Dad," I hear Ced whining while I dart into the house, grateful for the reprieve. The smell of coffee and the sound of my baby sister's nattering drift from the kitchen as I dash upstairs. For Summer, this day is no different from any of the others she's experienced in her six years. We'd like to maintain that illusion as long as we can. I disappear into the bathroom and lock the door before stripping off my sweat-drenched clothes. My saint of a mother, bless her, has already anticipated my needs and filled the tub with hot water and—am I dreaming?—bubbles. God, I can't remember the last time I had a bubble bath. It's a huge luxury, because bubble baths serve absolutely no functional purpose whatsoever, except to be fucking amazing. Today might be the last time I ever have a bubble bath. I slip into the tub with a fervent determination to enjoy my soak. But now that the thought of the finality of it all has entered my head, I'm too tense to really luxuriate. I scrub myself clean from our rushed training session that morning. Dad wanted to prepare Ced and me as much as he possibly could in the last moments before the Reaping, even though he knows we'll have more opportunities to practice at the training center in the Capitol. Personally, I think he was just using it as an excuse to squeeze in what bonding time he has left with us. You know, if you consider whacking each other with fake weapons to be bonding time. Kind of is in our family. I should have been reaped when I was twelve. I had expected it. Mom and Dad had expected it. The whole world had expected it. That was what always happened with the children of a Victor, let alone two, let alone two who emerged from the same Games . But a Seam girl had been chosen for the Seventieth Hunger Games instead. Now I'm sixteen, and my name has still yet to be selected by Effie Trinket. My time, I am sure, has run out. Because Ced is twelve now. His name is only in the bowl once, one out of thousands—but how can the Capitol possibly resist the opportunity to pit two siblings, two Victors' children, against one another? This is what they have been waiting for, and if both of us aren't called today, then I have severely overestimated the Capitol's capacity for cruelty. Whatever happens today, Cedric is coming home. One way or another. I dunk my head underwater to soak my hair. As I sit there, submerged, I fleetingly wonder...what if I just stay here? Force myself to stay under. Make it so an Abernathy family tragedy won't have to play out in the Games—only in the privacy of our home. But...no. Although Summer is only six, there are only six years separating her and Ced. They would both be in the Reaping bowls at the same time, when she is twelve and he is eighteen. The Capitol will just have their fun then. I will not force Summer to take my place. I will not force Cedric to have to sacrifice himself for Summer, years down the road. I sit back up, gasping for air. Just then, someone bangs on the door. "Ember, hurry up!" Cedric yells from the other side. "I want to shower before brunch!" "Chill out, pipsqueak. I'm finishing up," I bark back as I stand and drain the tub. Then I pat myself dry as much as possible with my favorite fluffy towel before wrapping it around myself and throwing the door open. "All yours, doofus." Cedric makes a face and slams the door shut. I grin to myself as I flit to my bedroom to change. Mom has laid out one of my good dresses, a soft lavender one that won't make me stand out too much from the other kids in Twelve, who will all be adorned in varying shades of gray and brown. At least, that's the theory. In reality, I know the cameras will be pointed at me and my family more often than not, because we're the Abernathys. And everyone wants a piece of the Abernathys. It's a simple fact of life. I put on the dress and run a brush through my tangled tresses. Hair looks presentable enough. I hurry downstairs, passing Dad on the stairwell as he clomps up to shower as well. "You look nice, sweetheart," Dad mutters. He claps his hand on my shoulder, looks as if he's about to say more, but then changes his mind and continues his way up. My mother has set out the spread on the table. I ask if she needs help, anyway. "No, thank you, Ember." Mom kisses my head. "You can start eating. No point in waiting for your brother and father—God knows they'll inhale everything in seconds." I sit beside Summer, who has a napkin that's almost as big as she is tucked into her collar, undoubtedly to keep her pretty yellow dress stain-free. Summer garbles something around the heap of pancake she just shoveled into her mouth. "Don't talk with your mouth full, Summer," Mom chides gently. "Chew, swallow, then speak." Summer looks disgruntled. I side-eye Mom to make sure she's turned back to the stove before stuffing pancake into my own mouth and grinning grotesquely at my baby sister. Summer squeals in delight, but by the time Mom turns around, I've already gulped down and am demurely cutting my next piece. Mom looks suspicious but leaves us be, and I wink at Summer. Dad and Cedric join us at last, and brunch is a deceptively merry affair. The usual teasing and mischief-making is tossed back and forth over the table, but everyone except Summer can see the tension in our family's shoulders and eyes. This is probably the last pleasant family meal we'll have. After we finish eating and cleaning up, Dad and Ced tromp off to go over some survival books. Summer plays with her dolls on the floor while I sit still so Mom can fix my hair. She is thorough as she combs my inky black locks, then braids a few strands into a facsimile crown around my head. I can do ponytails and simple braids well enough, but I've always loved the feeling of my mother's fingers in my hair—the touch in the entire world that I know best, that I would recognize anywhere. I coldly comfort myself with the reminder that, unlike most tributes, at least my mother will be with me until the very end. "There," Mom whispers. "You look lovely." "Wait!" Summer toddles to her feet. "You're not done!" We watch her run to the kitchen counter, stretch, and swipe a bunch of slightly crushed white violets. Plucked not from my treasured garden, but from the wild. "Put these in Em's hair!" I lean down to rub my nose with Summer's. "Thank you, Summer. They're lovely! You're so thoughtful." In the hallway, the phone rings. I hear Dad pick it up and conversed muffledly with whoever's on the other end. Mom smiles as she tucks the flower stems into my braided coronet. Then she checks the time, and her face falls. "We need to go." Our family walks to the town square, resembling a funeral procession. We're halfway there when Cedric tugs on my hand. "Is Ash showing up today?" Oh, Ashton. The prodigal son, if there ever was one. And with good reason. Our eldest sibling and brother has lived in his own house in the Victors' Village ever since he won the Sixty-Fourth Hunger Games, when he was only twelve years old. And he is expressly forbidden from stepping foot into ours when he is or has recently been drunk or high. My older brother, like so many Victors, did not escape his Games unscathed. "He has to be there," I say wryly. "The Peacekeepers will probably dig him out of his sty of a house if he tries to hole himself in." Even if it weren't required for all Victors to be present at the Reapings, the Capitol still loves to see the entire Abernathy clan all at once. It's a rare treat, since Ash is usually doped up on something and unfit for public consumption, and Rain is— I scowl and shake Lorraine Abernathy out of my head. Ash's twin sister isn't worthy of my thoughts. "Ash?" Summer's high voice pipes in. "Who's that?" Well, that just goes to show how frequently our brother has been clean in the last few years. Which is to say, not frequently at all. "Your brother, sweetie," Mom murmurs. "I thought Ced was my brother." "Ash is your other brother. You have two." "Oh." Summer wrinkles her nose. "Then why doesn't he live with us?" "He has his own house. The one down the street." "The scary house?" I look back down at Cedric, who's downcast. He's old enough to remember a time when Ash wasn't perpetually trashed. And he misses that big brother, not the frightening, half-mad, drunken addict. I squeeze his hand in commiseration. We reach the square, and I can see the cameras all swiveling to ogle us. The Mockingbird, the Jabberjay, and their nest of Mockingjays—most of it, at least. Panem's favorite family, even if the Capitolites do have to sometimes cover their eyes while a not-so-little Mockingjay pukes up vodka and absinthe. Mom hugs Cedric and me, and Dad pats us both on the shoulder. Then we part ways: my parents for the stage, with Summer in tow, and Cedric and me to the pens that hold the sacrificial lambs. Cedric knows how it works, so I don't worry about him while we check in. A prick of the finger and a blood sacrifice are no big deal. It's what comes after that's the worst. My cousin Madge is already in the holding cell for the sixteen-year-old girls, as is our friend Katniss. Madge's and my mom are twins, and Mrs. Everdeen might as well have been a third sister. I start toward them, but a Capitol reporter and her cameraman stop me first. "Hello, Ember! I'm Cornelia Applewhite, with the Capitol Report. How are you feeling today?" Cedric and my parents are getting the same treatment. Mom will do most of the talking, while Dad will just look grumpy as usual, and Summer might get in a few cute remarks that'll make the Capitol go aww. Cedric, I'm sure, will use plenty of big words so the reporter will go away as soon as possible and he can get back to the book he has tucked inside his jacket. I decide to go for honesty, with a touch of drollness. "Hot." Cornelia looks confused—she was expecting a "great," or "excited," or even a "fine"—but finally gets it. She titters, as if it's the funniest thing she's ever heard. "It is very humid today, isn't it? And, of course, I'm sure you must always