Written for Arianna Le Fay. This story is an AU of my already AU fanfic, The Sweetest Mockery. If you haven't already been reading it, then I highly recommend you check that out first before reading this fic. But either way, the premise of both stories is that because Haymitch and Maysilee pulled off the star-crossed lovers routine during their Games, both of them became Victors, and over the years they've had several children. Both Sweetest Mockery and this fic focus on their middle daughter and child Ember, and even more specifically on her relationship with Cato. Unlike Sweetest Mockery, this fic ended up being told completely from Cato's POV. This first section is the least angsty section of the entire story. I apologize in advance for any heartache you may experience. You may want to have some tissues at hand. ACT ONE: PASSION Song Suggestion: "Fix You" by Coldplay I. Cato is just as surprised as everyone else when Ember Abernathy waltzes up to him during training. The sword he is practicing with purposely slices dangerously close to her, as he decapitates yet another dummy. She doesn't flinch. He ignores the sweat running down his face. "What do you want, Twelve?" "Pretend to be friendly with me." The strangeness of the request gives him pause. "Why?" "I'm trying to piss off a Gamemaker." He wonders if she's entirely right in her head. "And you want to drag me into this stupidity?" "She won't retaliate against you, just me. It's a personal dispute." Cato is intrigued, despite himself. "Give me details and I'll play along." Ember Abernathy considers his offer. "Fine," she agrees. "Don't make it obvious you're looking, but one of the Gamemakers is my sister." He glances at the balcony out of the corner of his eye. A Gamemaker, young and blond and bearing a stunning resemblance to Maysilee Donner, is watching them. The Gamemakers' identities are usually kept secret from the general public, for fear of corruption and bribery, with the sole exception of the Head Gamemaker, who is the face and voice of his or her colleagues. Cato, like everyone else in Panem who's endured broadcasted feature specials about the Abernathy family for his entire life, knows that the eldest Abernathy daughter (Lorraine?) ended up at the Capitol somehow, but he never knew specifically that she became a Gamemaker. "And you want to piss her off." "Yes." "Any particular reason, or just sibling rivalry?" Cato wonders why she isn't milking her familial relationship, to increase her odds (or rather, her little brother's odds; everyone in Panem heard during District 12's Reaping about how she volunteered for the sole purpose of ensuring Cedric Abernathy lives) of winning. "I hate her." There's something strange in her voice that Cato can't identify—but it doesn't sound quite like hatred. "She told me to stay away from the Careers, you in particular, to stay out of trouble, yada yada. So obviously, I'm going to do the exact opposite." Cato can't help his gruff laugh, and he feels the force of many pairs of eyes burning into him. Ember Abernathy has a forthright, brutally honest kind of charm, and against his will, he feels it winning him over. This could be fun. She places her hands on her hips. Ember Abernathy, he decides, is one of those girls who looks extremely attractive when angry, or on the verge of it. "So I told you the details. Now it's time for you to uphold your end of the bargain. Pretend to be friendly with me." Cato smirks. "I can do better than friendly." Her blue eyes grow suspicious. "What do you mean?" "Humor me." He can see her visibly struggling to heed his request, but in the end, she nods. So he swoop in and kisses her hard. Cato thinks he hears a feminine gasp from the Gamemakers' balcony, but he's too busy discovering the pleasure of Ember Abernathy's lips to give it much thought. II: Ember Abernathy loves her brother. This is a fact. And normally, Cato isn't the type to complain about familial affection. He himself is in possession of it, after all. But it's hard to enjoy kissing a pretty girl when her twelve-year-old twerp of a brother stares at you in disgust while you're doing it. Since Ember has yet to call off her scheme to get on her Gamemaker sister's nerves—and she herself isn't complaining about it—Cato has taken to publicly kissing her, in full view of the Gamemakers and the other tributes, as often as he can get away with it. Everyone else's attention doesn't bother him. Just Cedric Abernathy's, for some reason. The little nerd's death glare makes him feel like he's doing something pornographic, not just making out with his sister. Anyway, the reason Cato is complaining about Ember's attachment to her brother is that she almost never leaves Cedric's side, which means if Cato wants to kiss her so they can maintain this plot to drive Lorraine Abernathy insane, he has to endure Baby Abernathy's almost tangible resentment. One day, Cato is stealing one last kiss from Ember before they part ways for lunch—he always sits with the other Careers, and she refuses to sit with them—when a glob of mashed potatoes splats the side of his head. He turns to catch the culprit, and he spots Cedric standing on his chair, spoon still poised in his hands, distinctly unrepentant. Somehow, instead of fury, all Cato feels is amusement. "Good aim, nerd," he says, to the surprise of all the other tributes, including Cedric, including Ember. As he wipes potato off his face, he catches the expression on Ember's face. She's smiling, the first genuine smile she's given him. Food still on his cheek, he can't help going on for one last kiss. For real this time. III: It's when Cato begins to actively seek out Ember, and not just to make out with her, that he realizes he might be in trouble. He learns from somebody or other that Ember likes to hang out on the rooftop garden. He prowls around up there one evening and comes across her reading a book while sprawled on a blanket. She startles when he plucks it out of her hand, intentionally obnoxiously, to see its details. "Did no one ever teach you not to take other people's belongings without permission?" Cato smirks as he returns it. "How do you have the time to read right now? Shouldn't you be making plans with your parents about the Games?" "Probably," she admits without sounding too troubled. "But once I'm in the arena, I'm going to have zero privacy. Cameras 24/7, you know. I'm going to take advantage of any alone time while I still can. We all know I'm never going to have it again once the Games start." He remembers how Ember has publicly written herself off in the Games. Not because she has no chance of winning—because honestly, she could be a top contender, considering how her parents have trained her since she was young, like the Careers but not quite—but if her brother Cedric is to live, then she must die. Cato is not happy with that thought. He tells himself it's because he might never find as good a kisser as Ember after the Games. (He tells himself that.) Then Cato makes the mistake of asking Ember what her book is about, and he idles away at least an hour with her, listening to her talk, and to his horror (but not really horror), he finds that he enjoys it. IV: During his interview, Caesar Flickerman directs their conversation toward the topic of Ember. "So, Cato, a little birdie told me that you're rather, ah, amorous, with a certain Miss Abernathy. What drew you to her?" His attention flies toward Ember, whose interview dress makes her look preternaturally radiant. Her face is an attractive shade of pink as the cameras follow Cato's gaze toward her. Never looking away from her, he hears himself say, "Ember Abernathy is a force of nature. Trying to turn your back on her is just as impossible as trying to stop the sun from rising." The Capitol swoons. Cato doesn't give a fuck about them. That night, after the interviews, he goes up on the off chance she's there instead of spending what little time she has left with her family: with Cedric, with her mentor-parents, with the baby sister (Summer?) they tote around. His gamble pays off. She's still in her interview dress, but she's scrubbed off her makeup, and her hair is awry around her head. Cato's blood runs hot, and soon he's pressing her against a trellis. He doesn't want to lose this tomorrow. "You should join me," he tells her in between kisses. "At the Cornucopia. Stick with me and the Careers." Her eyes are sad as they entrap him. "The others wouldn't accept Cedric." She's right. Clove would sooner kill the boy from Twelve than ally with him. They don't say goodbye. As Cato turns his back on her, he can't decide whether or not he wishes to see her in the arena. V: Four days into the Games, he runs into her. Her face is covered in soot from the Gamemakers' firewall, her hair is a mess, and she's overall filthy from the Games. She might be the most beautiful thing he's ever seen. (She's alive.) They eye each other warily. He knows she's trying to decide if he wants to kill her (no), if killing him would increase her brother's chances of winning (yes), if she wants to kill him (uncertain). (The world watches with bated breath.) He puts down his sword first. Her knife soon follows. "Where's your brother?" he asks, seeing no sign of Cedric in the vicinity. "He's safe." They both hear it at the same time: the other Careers drawing near, wondering where Cato went. "Go," he hisses, and then she's gone. Somewhere in the Capitol, his mentor is probably bashing his head against the wall for his "weakness." VI: Soon after the Careers' supplies are destroyed, Cato comes across them . He arrives just in time to see Cedric Abernathy shooting Marvel in the neck. There's a heavy feeling in Cato's chest. He liked Marvel. Given the chance, he even thinks they might have been friends. Ember is crouched over a tiny body, tangled in a net, one of Marvel's spears straight through the little girl's middle. Cato barely has time to comprehend what happened when Cedric turns his next arrow toward him. "Ced," his sister says softly. "Don't." "Why not?" the little boy demands. "He's just like him. " The vitriol is targeted at Marvel's corpse. "He would've killed Rue, too." "Cato let me go." Cedric's arms tremble. The bow lowers. Cato feels like an intruder as he watches the Abernathys waste precious time organizing an impromptu funeral for the little girl. Cedric cries as he places flowers around the girl. Ember, although solemn, is dry-eyed. He wonders if it's because deep down, in a very dark part of her, she's grateful that it wasn't Cedric who died. Cato watches them grieve for the girl from Eleven, so tiny and young, a girl whom, if she were from Two, the Academy would never have thought about sending into the Games, for lack of experience and age. So why is it okay when the other Districts send them? He sees Marvel's body being picked up by the hovercraft, and he realizes no one has mourned him. In the Games, it's normal not to mourn dead tributes, especially not ones from your district, especially not ones you yourself have killed, as is the case with Cedric. But somehow, it feels wrong now not to do so. Cato watches the three-finger salute that Ember and Cedric give to the little girl in farewell. And although Marvel is within the bowels of the hovercraft now, he does the same for