The Dark Days- The Winds of Change a fan written novel based on Suzanne Collins Hunger Games series. Written by: Angela M. Watson Teacher, poet, avid reader, mother, and writer 2013 Copy written by: Homestead 2012 Office of Copywrite 2015 Dedication: I would like to dedicate this book to my son Bobby who always believes in me no matter what. I would also like to thank my brother Jon, who helps to edit my work and whom I am still mad at from College because he qualified for poetry class and I only qualified for writing! Also to my late mom and dad who loved to read my writing and always encouraged me to follow my dreams wherever they led. My tutoring students have inspired me in my writing, and the introduction below began as an exercise in personification where I was showing a student how you can take two non-human nouns, like wind and a tree, and make them have a human relationship. Introduction: (A brief glimpse into the world of the Dark Days, occurring approximately 80 years before the events depicted in Suzanne Collins epic tale The Hunger Games. I envisioned this book to be the start of a Pre-Quell series of stories revolving around the original dark days revolution and the love stories that started all those eerie and interesting songs we hear Katniss sing, yet we don't know where they originate... I invite others that love the Hunger Games series to also write about the Dark Days...) The wind meets a tree... Ever moving, never stopping, whistling and whipping, sometimes slowing, wind moves, and by chance encounters a lone tree. Winds' motions give life to the leaves, and the outer limbs of the lonely tree, standing in an open field of trampled grass. Triangular leaves jump and dance to the winds whistling tune. The breeze instantly changes to a scream, pushing the slender outer branches back and forth almost breaking them under the screaming pressure, while the stronger limbs within remained steadfast against the wind. I saw hatred there, whipping in the breeze. Hatred in the form of intertwined cords of nylon. Or was it love, love I saw there; The deepest, truest love, the sacrificial love of one trying desperately to save another. The cords feel like they are tightening around my neck, but I had to come. I had to see it. I stumbled out from the bush I had been immobilized behind for almost an hour, my limbs tingling and barely coming back to life. The wind tore at my tattered garment and I felt pushed by it; Was it my imagination, or was the wind pushing me towards that tree too? It lifted my sleeves and blew my hair all about my face, making me feel as if it will grab me, and I will fly. But fly where? To meet him in the silence, to be at peace, and free from the threat of something worse, or to fly to the safety of some place so dark, dark like the grave, underground, damp, dank, and cold. Someplace so very different from the green meadows and forests of my youth. I feel that choking feeling again, strangled by the thought of fields flattened to ash. Dust floating in the yellow dawn, and fires still burning in the forests that I had just danced in 48 hours before the final bombs started to fall. I felt the stirring then, the stirring that quickened my heart and led my hands over the child growing within me, in a futile hug of protection. The bitterness that swept over me, doubled me over in shaking sobs and brought me to my knees before the tree. One hand rested on my belly, and the other on the rough, unforgiving bark of ... "The Hanging Tree." Chapter One: Reality "How are you doing, Melinda?" My mother's voice soothed me out of my daze. "Fine, just a little tired." "Well, that is normal for a girl in your condition," she said brokenly while averting her gaze to the folding of our few tattered clothing items we saved from the house before we left it. "That's your answer for everything!," I snapped at her and immediately regretted it, when I saw the look of sadness sweep across her face ... she too lost many things in the bombings and through the Capital's punishment of us. She had her gardens, roses blooming every August, and perfuming the air with their fragrant scents. Being the mayor's wife, she could have sent for special genetically enhanced roses from the Capital, but she insisted on growing them and improving their scents the old fashioned way, by cross breeding one type of rose into another through cross pollination. Her roses were stunningly beautiful, just as my mother once was before all the gray ash, smoky air, and stress traced their lines into her face and took the fire out of her eyes. She was aptly named, "Belle," as it comes from a very old term "Southern Belle," which comes from the before times. The times before global warming took our coastal cities in what used to be called "North America," and nuclear warfare forced our ancestors underground into this metal grave with it's arsenal of still active nuclear warheads, which we now claim as our sanctuary. Those warheads are the only reason we are still alive. Belle had her roses, while my father Stanley had his position that took him away from home so often. All that was gone, up in flames, and our father is still among the missing (my father, her husband, gone without a trace). The area by the Hall of Justice got the worst of the bombings, but the fires spread quickly with no one to fight them, and overtook the entire town. My sister Brianna is still unheard from … she was talking with me, through a veil of her dark wavy hair and tears, a few weeks before the bombings about running away into the forests or to another district. Her beloved Anthony was one to break the rules and go outside the fence to hunt or fish. He said he would protect her and care for her. I hope they were successful at getting to another district. Maybe somehow they will survive and get word back to us. How I wish I could hear her beautiful singing voice again, and the melodious songs she would create. Now we are forced to live underground, and out of sight, part of the despicable Treaty of Treason! What kind of a treaty would allow for such cruel and brutal punishment? Us, trapped underground in a mechanical metal grave, and the other districts under the thumb of oppression worse than ever. Now they are calling for the blood of our children in what they call the "reaping," for the first of I suppose hundreds of years of "hunger games," since so many of theirs died in the attacks and bombings. I fear for the districts, having to give up a teenage boy and girl every year to be KILLED or worse ... to have to kill each other. It is horrid, despicable, and intolerably harsh punishment that they made us agree to or die! I almost wish now we had chosen to push the button and let some better species eventually take over the earth. For how can we deserve it when we allow THIS to happen! The bitterness overwhelms me and I feel the need to escape. I find myself running down the halls, with the sound of my mother's voice saying "Melinda, where are you going?" diminishing as I stumble down our metal corridor, and climb each and every stair I can find. My legs are aching by the time I reach the level with short rectangular windows. I run to one and grab a crate of artillery to stand upon and gulp in as much cool autumn air as my lungs feel as if they could hold, and exhale it slowly. I sag down and sit on the crate feeling its cool wood and metal latches on my legs. In the dawning light creeping through the rectangular window and illuminating a small rectangle against the opposing wall, I close my eyes and force myself to remember the last time I saw him. Feeling somehow this will draw him close to me. It was late in summer, and we had just came from meeting with President Xavier Pine. We had signed the treaties and Jonathan confessed to the murder of 3 high ranking officials before the revolution begun just to protect me from a similar fate. The war tribunal wanted to make an example of him, to show how much power they had to hurt and control. However, they could not control my soul. Only I could choose how I would react and that is the last freedom any of us has is the right to choose their own actions and feelings. Only we in the meeting thought that Jonathan's sacrifice for me would be enough, but when the bombs started falling we knew that our whole district was being made an example and only our lives were spared because of the powers we possessed. That day, I was forced to watch with all the members of all the other districts as they cuffed him and dragged him away, "I love you, Melinda," mouthed by his quivering lips, as I bravely stood tall with one lone teardrop un-wantedly making its way down to my lips. I still remember the taste of salt, as I reached my three fingers up to touch my lips and extended them out to him in the last kiss I would give him on this Earth. Belle next to me holding me up with one arm around my waist. Amazingly those around me did the same, reaching 3 fingers up to give him a farewell whose meaning could not be missed by Pine. First one to my right and then another to the left. An old man close to the tree and then it spread like wind through the wheat. I still remember Pine, calling "cut the feed … cut it," but I know all of Panem saw it, and they all felt with me the unfairness of that moment. Maybe it was that kiss or the unity it signified when it spread that brought the destruction to my district. Hadn't we given enough … surrendered and offered the best of what we were up to die as an example. How my heart burns for him! My arms long for him. Every day I walk, I feel farther from him, and his face blurs in my memory although his eyes, piercing blue, are etched forever into my memory. His eyes that saw beyond his times and circumstances; they will always be with me. I am taken back to a green hillside, overlooking a beautiful green meadow, grasses waving in the wind, and glistening with dew, a memory of over 5 years ago... and the start of what would eventually put out the light in his eyes and still his form forever … Chapter Two: The Book The tall grasses swayed in the wind of our favorite meadow. His golden hair was tousled by the breeze and my blue dress flapped about my ankles as I sat on our rock and listened. Jonathan was excited about another book found by his friend Marco. How he loved reading about the thoughts of others so far removed, yet with feelings so much like ours. I remember him leading me out to the field we loved to lie in to talk and pulling out a worn diary of a man who would write each day about the growing hostilities in the world and about missing his wife. "The fear permeates every page Melinda. The fear of losing his wife and his children to this force that was going on around