For reference, this story won't be very long. Around 15 chapters at most, depending on how I decide to split it - I've also already finished writing it, so it's going to be updated fairly quickly. I posted this story a while ago, but accidentally took it down before I posted the end of it and thought it was lost forever. Alas, I found a backup of it today, so here we are. Since he remembered, Harry's reading habits had been very light. The idea of losing himself within a world different from his own, as his teachers promised him reading would allow him to, seemed very appealing. But Harry could never quite get into any books. It wasn't that they were too difficult for him to understand―he was almost ten, and could read any of his school books without difficulty, just like the rest of his class. It was just hard to get excited about anything when you lived with the Dursleys. Harry's only living family, they sucked out the fun from everything. It always seemed like it was going to rain even when the sun was bright outside. Besides, the Dursleys would never buy Harry anything, not even books. Harry knew to separate good days, when the Dursleys didn't do anything bad to him, from days that would never happen, when the Dursleys would do something nice for him. Even so, or perhaps because he was aware of its impossibility, he couldn't help but daydreams that the Dursleys would acknowledge him a bit more, that they would not only stop yelling at him, but say nice things to him. Harry knew that they weren't very fair to him, but they were all he had. Sometimes he wondered if it was his fault, if he was really as bad as they said he was. He asked them multiple times about how he could change, but his Aunt Petunia always answered his question the same way: by explaining he was born a freak and nothing he did could change that. But even so, he still caught himself thinking about what he could do to change their opinions. One of those times happened while he was in class. "Does anyone want to volunteer to help me organize our books after class? Ah, how about you Harry?" she asked kindly at Harry, who had been staring out of the window. The other students, who didn't like him, giggled. "I would love to," he said, trying to pretend he was paying attention, though it was obvious to everyone he wasn't. "But my family―they wouldn't like if I... ." Harry trailed off, hoping he didn't have to explain much. "Then how about this?" his teacher asked. "You and I will go organize the books right now, and Lara will take over the rest of the class. How does that sound?" Lara, the teacher in training, nodded enthusiastically at the notion of having a class all for herself. Harry didn't really have a saying on whether he wanted to help or not. Two minutes later, he was at the library helping his teacher organize the books before the term ended in four days. Placing books in their respective shelves wasn't hard, nor was it annoying when compared to the tasks the Dursleys made him do. For his lack of complaining, his teacher had a lot of shallow praises. "You are a very good helper. Maybe I should ask you to help me more often," she said. Harry didn't reply. Then, with urgency in her tone, "Catch it!" Harry noticed a book he had hastily put back on its shelf start to slide off of it. Harry had always had a keen instinct for catching objects, something that would one day be very useful when he started to play Quiddich, even if at that moment he still had no idea the sport even existed. His abilities would have allowed to catch the book before it fell and put it back on its shelf nine hundred and ninety nine times out of a hundred. This was the thousandth time. The book slipped through Harry's fingers and it fell on the ground. He knelt down to pick up the book, and stopped himself to stare at the cover for a moment, sitting―though at the time he did not know―on the brink of his fate. His first glance was discouraging, for it portrayed what Harry had assumed to be a love a story. A Scandal in Bohemia was printed in large, friendly letters. Underneath it, there were a few other titles, suggesting that there was more than one story in the book. "Are you interested in the book, Harry?" asked his teacher, kindly. "What?" he answered, surprised. How long had he stared at the cover for? "No―yes―I mean... ." Harry wasn't sure what to say. Would his teacher get angry if he said he wasn't interested in the book? His teacher giggled. She gently picked the book off the ground and handed it to Harry. "Since you helped me organize our new books, why don't you keep this one for a while?" "I...thank you," said Harry, not wanting his teacher to get angry. When the day ended, he hid his book inside his bag as well as he could(what if the Dursleys didn't approve of him having a book to read?) and headed home. It was with an uneasy heart that he ate dinner. He wasn't used to having something to look forward to, even if only vaguely. Aunt Petunia seemed to have noticed this, and was sure to try to punish him for his positive mood by giving him less food than normal. Harry didn't complain. That night, when Harry was inside his cupboard, he didn't know what compelled him to struggle with a flashlight he had borrowed from his teacher to read through the first story in the book. But he did read it, and once he had done so, he felt strangely interested. It had been an interesting story, but he wasn't hooked yet. It happened when he glanced at the next story's title. The Red-Headed League. That strange, almost bizarre combination of words skewered the mind of the nine-year old Harry Potter like nothing had been able to before, and opened the gates the Dursleys had worked so hard to keep it locked―the one that hid all of his excitement. Harry glanced down at the other titles. The Man with the Twisted Lip, The Adventure of the Speckled Band. A sense of exhilaration Harry couldn't quite explain went through his head. Before he knew it, he had finished the entire book. He didn't know how long it took him to read it, but he didn't care. If Harry slept at all, he simply went from one world of dreams to another. The next day, he came up to his teacher and asked if there were more books from the same author. The teacher, delighted, took him to the school library and helped him take as many books by that author as he could carry. Harry couldn't keep the books forever, of course, but he read them so often he had them practically memorized by the time he gave them back. He was obsessed with them. Vernon Dursley wasn't an ideal role model. For the longest time, all Harry had as a role model was a vague idea of being as unlike the Dursleys as it was possible for him to be. He thought it was a little pathetic, but he had finally found an example to follow in the book he had just read. He met, for the first time in his short life, even if only in fiction, someone he wanted to be like. Someone who was clever and just―but not to a fault. Perfect in his imperfection, that man became the role model Harry never had. That man who was so excessively tall he seemed even thinner than he already was. His face as flat―yet just as sharp―as a blade and his nose similar to the animal with eyes as acute as his, the hawk. The curved pipe, the deerstalker(which Harry would later discover he did not actually wear outside the book covers save for one story). The manner he moved around the room to get his magnificent brain functioning and then sunk his head against his chest to lose himself within his thoughts. The seemingly insane, yet overwhelmingly methodical way he examined a crime scene. His razor-sharp wit. His loyalty to the queen proclaimed with bullet holes on the wall, his musical talent proclaimed by his violin. And that figure that disappeared within the fog of nineteenth century London, with some nine-year old boy who had read about his adventures running after his dashing, shadowy figure, fighting against all odds...Harry had met Sherlock Holmes. The change was immediate, but Harry doubted the Dursleys ever noticed it. They never paid attention to him if they could at all avoid. Harry became more confident, more sarcastic―or at least as sarcastic as a nine-year old could be. The biggest change in him was that their words didn't hurt him as much as they did before. They didn't make him doubt himself. Every time they sneered and mocked him, Harry, in the corner of his mind, asked himself what Holmes would think of that situation. That always helped him to make it all bearable. The Dursleys could no longer trap him within a life of infinite boredom. It didn't matter if they didn't buy him anything, let him watch TV, or do anything fun. Whenever they tried to lock him in meaningless tasks, he found refugee in his mind. He practiced the art of deduction as often as he could. In the books, Sherlock had explained it, and Watson had elaborated on it, giving Harry a fairly good understanding of what it was supposed to be. Like an exact science, a person's clothes and habits would give you an accurate picture of what that person did the day before, perhaps even years before. Of course, Harry wasn't as good as Sherlock. He was ten-years old now, but he still made many mistakes when trying to apply the art of deduction to people he knew. Once, he had mistakenly believed that Dursley had gotten mud on his shirt from a fight, when he had actually just tripped and fell. It was very hard to separate coincidence from fact. But he still did manage to deduce that Aunt Petunia had hurt her neck by trying to spy on the neighbours―something she punished him for, assuming he had done some "freaky business." If the art of deduction was a "freaky business" as she referred to it, then he didn't mind being a freak. He didn't know for how long he would model himself after Holmes, but he was sure that he would remain a fan of his for his entire life. There was something in his methods that gave reason to the most chaotic, irrational things in life. Harry needed those reasons to remain happy. Everyone who came in contact with the Dursleys did. "Get the mail, Harry," said Uncle Vernon from behind his paper. He did not attempt to hide his ever growing contempt at Harry. He never did. Harry didn't argue with him. He had learned, from observing his behavior, that the easiest way to live with the Dursleys was to obey them without saying a word. He learned to ignore his feelings, or at least to hide them. It was clear that Holmes thought that feelings interfered with rationality, but he did display them numerous times. So it was fine to have feelings, just not to let them interfere with your reasoning. Because of that, every time he felt like replying to the Dursleys, he kept his feelings under control. The mail was a bit different from the usual. A postcard, a bill, and a letter to Harry. Harry bit his lip. He couldn't let any