Okay, here is the long-awaited first chapter of my sequel to Forging Destiny. I can't promise really fast updates as I don't have that much pre-written thanks to not having that much time with working, but I have enough to start the story. The normal disclaimer is valid which is I don't own anything of the Potter-verse, only my ideas about the changes. Happy reading. New Ideas and Quidditch Harry sat in a room with some of his friends from different houses at Hogwarts. He and his father had just returned from their summer vacation in France two days ago and now his father was busy with his duties as Minister of Magic. Thanks to over a decade of mismanagement there was still much to do at the Ministry, despite having had four months of cleaning up. One of the major projects was Hogwarts and that was the reason why Harry and nineteen other students were here in this room. From each house of Hogwarts there had been five students chosen to tell honestly where the major problems lay. First each of them had written down their opinions on each subject, the teacher and the resources used to teach the subject. Next had been a brainstorming session how the students thought a certain subject could be improved, how a teacher could make the students easier understand a subject, what they wished to learn next to the existing subjects and so on. The results were surprising for the Educational Commission to say the least. Most students complained about Professors Binns and Snape, which wasn't that surprising, nearly all praised Professors Lupin, Hagrid and Flitwick and even the Slytherins wanted to add more subjects to the teaching plan and have more teachers to offer more individual support as the heads of houses were so busy that they never had time for things that interested the students like setting up a duelling club or a traditions club. The research papers had been read as well and the members of the commission agreed that many suggestions were good and worthy of being implemented at Hogwarts. The Ministry had freed one hundred thousand galleons for this year to get things started at Hogwarts. Thanks to the goblins now properly managing the Hogwarts vault with Harry's permission the fund that the founders set up to keep the school running provided them with fifty thousand galleons more per year than it had in the past. That was only one change that had been made possible by Sirius acting as proxy for Harry. Others were also in progress. All students of Hogwarts had been sent a pamphlet with suggestions for new school uniforms. That had been an idea the girls in Harry's year had come up with and that had spread through the other girls at Hogwarts. They found the standard robes to make them look undesirable and plump. So they had thought that they should simply come up with a school uniform that was looking better, still comfortable and much more modern. Sirius and Harry had agreed with the idea and after seeing suggestions for the school uniforms that were still practical, but looked much better than the robes, Harry as heir of three founders, even if only two were public knowledge, had okayed the pamphlets. Now all students had time till the end of July to make their decision so that Madam Malkin and the other outfitters for Hogwarts could stock up on the new type of uniform. The teachers had been hesitant to go with it, Dumbledore had thrown a major stink, but in the end it was a decision of the students that was backed by the founders' heir Harry Potter-Black. Back to the Educational Commission. They would analyse the results and hire teachers for new subjects and some for existing subjects like Potions, Transfiguration, Charms, Herbology, History of Magic and Defence Against the Dark Arts. While Remus Lupin had broken the curse on the DADA position by coming back to teach for another year, there was much work to do in the subject that a second teacher would be more than needed. Especially as the students needed to catch up after years of incompetent teachers, Professor Lupin being the exception. On top of the existing workload the next years were of higher numbers. There had been more children born after the war had ended. Many couples had decided that it was finally safe enough again to have children after Voldemort was gone and the worst Death Eaters imprisoned. It would still take time to get the numbers of witches and wizards back to a level that was enough to keep the population in Britain stable as many young witches and wizards had been killed by Voldemort before they could have children or they only had one like in Harry's and Susan Bones' cases. Finally the members of the commission thanked the students for coming and cooperating with the questioning. The students had been from all years third-year and up and five of each house. This ensured that they wouldn't get a too biased opinion of the state of things at Hogwarts. The chosen students were mixed of all origins and ranked from average to good in their classes. This had been done to get ideas how to improve the way classes were taught. After all, the average students would be able to better tell which kind of support they needed to become better at school. A genius like Hermione who could learn easily from books was simply no measuring means for normal students. Sirius sat in another meeting concerning the security precautions for the upcoming important matches of the Quidditch World Cup. So far only the qualifications had been held and those had been all over the world in the nations that participated. Only the best thirty two teams would play on English ground. And those matches were to be secured. After all, with the TV now recording all the matches a security breach would be published really quickly. Thankfully he had managed to let Amelia hire more aurors and hit-wizards for the DMLE already. The force had been increased by half the existing numbers and the goal was tripling the original numbers. It would take time as the cadets needed to be trained first, but for now it was enough. As mass events were uncommon in the wizarding world, Sirius had looked up experts that lived in the muggle world and had them teach the DMLE the basics. A signed magical oath was after all a perfect measure to prevent the magical world being revealed to the muggles. Sirius had met with the Prime Minister already and had introduced himself as the new Minister of Magic one week after being sworn into office. He found the Prime Minister to be a very good conversationalist and they had exchanged ideas over a few hours. The fact that Sirius contrary to Fudge wasn't an arrogant jerk in the Prime Minister's eyes was a massive bonus for him. Sirius finally explained certain things to the Prime Minister like how the magical world concealed itself, how little most wizards were able to blend in with the muggles and how he intended to lessen the rift between their two people. They worked out ideas how to ease the cooperation between their two law enforcements and agreed on meeting once a month to exchange news. The Prime Minister found it really ironic that the escaped convict that had been wanted only a year ago was now the British Minister of Magic. Sirius had to admit that it was quite unbelievable and humorous. Amelia explained the plans on how the camp site would be organized and how problems with the muggles would be prevented. They would make sure that the muggles that normally led the camping grounds were sent on vacation during the time of the World Cup. Otherwise the obliviators would have to work overtime and it was much easier to simply put the whole area under muggle repelling charms. Sirius suggested having the Department for International Magical Cooperation take care of setting up the site to avoid conflicts among the Quidditch fans from all over the world. They could set up maps where each booked camp-site was shown and hand out small guides in the language of the visitors to them. It would be best to group those speaking the same language together. That way they could minimize misunderstandings. The others agreed and the new head of Magical Cooperation promised to take care of the organisation. Next point on the agenda was managing the masses before and after a match. While in the stadium it would be quite easy to calm whole areas down with runes embedded in the seats if necessary, but after a match was a different story. In the end Rufus suggested storing massive supplies of sleeping potion that could be thrown into pulps that were out of control and simply make the fighting parties fall asleep. It would minimise injuries on side of the DMLE officers and the fighters. The suggestion was also accepted. Harry cheered for the Irish team when they won the semi-finals. This was so great. He had had to accompany his father to the matches of England, which had been taken out too early really by Transylvania of all opponents, that was embarrassing, Scotland, a bit better, but still already out of the equation, Wales who had lost because Bulgaria's seeker Krum had caught the snitch before they could score enough goals to go on, but otherwise the team had played well, and Ireland who were now progressing to the finals. And of course he would get to see both semi-finals and the finals no matter who was going to play. Next to Harry his friends cheered for the victory of Ireland against Kenya. Harry had offered the tickets he had got through his father to all of his friends and to make things fair he had simply drawn the order in which they would be able to come with him. The Weasleys, Hermione and Neville had tickets for the finals through Ron's Dad who had got them from Ludo Bagman, so Harry didn't have to worry about that. He had got four tickets next to his for each match and so for the matches he had enough tickets to let them all see at least one match. Of course tickets for the later matches were more desired. Harry knew that after the finals, which would be held between Ireland and Bulgaria, as the first semi-final between Bulgaria and Argentina had gone in favour of Bulgaria; there would be a get together for some important guests. He was expected to represent his country next to his father and be on his best behaviour. It was a small sacrifice, but he would get through this. He had learned French, German, Spanish, Italian and Bulgarian through magical courses that could be bought at Flourish and Blott's for two galleons per language. It was a neat trick to quickly learn a language through magic, but it was limited to one language per week and eight in six months. The brain simply couldn't take too much information at once. But for the World Cup it was perfect and Harry now could converse with guests from other nations fluently, which was important. He didn't know why so few actually used the option. While it was a bit pricey to buy the courses, two galleons for fluent speaking of a language wasn't too much, especially as you didn't lose the knowledge over time. Once you went through the course, the information was put into your mind over night while you slept; you had the knowledge for the rest of your life. Hermione predictably had been angry that she hadn't known about the possibility before. She then had proceeded to also learn French and German. More her parents didn't allow her, but it was a good