Dislcaimer: I do not own Harry Potter! This is inspired by Miranda Flairgold and her incomplete (though I wish it wasn't) trilogy. I dearly hope you'll like this story! Chapter One The moment kept replying in Jasmine's mind every time she shut her eyes. Sirius pushing her out of the way when a spell she hadn't even notice was shot towards her. Tripping a bit as she swung around only to see Sirius attempting to keep his feet not even an inch from the fluttery curtain of the veil. Jasmine could only watch as a spell slammed into his chest and sent him falling into the veil. The smile that had been on Sirius' face sliding off it slowly as he realized what had happened and then, he was gone. Jasmine covered her mouth as a sob tore its way out of her throat and she curled in on herself. The shudder that ran through her as the memory swirled through her mind and clawing at her heart. She closed her eyes while struggling to keep herself from screaming and sobbing. Hedwig hooted from the cage in the corner as Jasmine lay on her rickety bed. It was only when she heard a low call from the window that Jasmine managed to focus on something other than the soul searing grief racking through her body. Slowly, Jasmine managed to force herself into a sitting position and turned towards the window. To her surprise, a dark shape peered at her from the window with bright golden eyes. Jasmine held out a hand and the dark shape jumped into the air revealing it's huge wing span. It landed on her outstretched arm and Jasmine was surprised to find that it didn't weigh much more than her pillow did. She was surprised when it dropped a thick parcel onto her lap before taking off towards the window where it settled down. Carefully, Jasmine opened the parcel and found a letter inside along with a few pamphlets. A rather odd looking rune covered pyramid sat inside. It gave off an inner glow that made her eyes ache. Picking out the letter, Jasmine set the parcel down and grabbed her trusty flash light. Even if it was over four years old, it still worked just like it had back when she got it during a small trip into the mundane world. She opened the letter and began to read what it said: Dear Ms. Potter, My name is Zane Mulnic headmaster of High Alter magical academy on Drago island. It has recently come to the attention of my facility that you're a magical of the Evans family who is due to turn sixteen in a matter of weeks. As a result, I have decided to offer you a place among my students. You probably wouldn't have heard of us as our school is very selective of who our students are and the fact that the UK magical community disliked us. Due to this, I am willing to send a representative to your residents or another place of your choosing in order to answer any questions you have. I have sent along some pamphlets and a rather curious magical object that will allow you to get an understanding of the school until you're able to meet our representative. Until you've met the representative, I ask that you do not make any decisions in regards to my offer. Please write your reply and give it to the messenger, Avira. Sincerely, Zane Mulnic. Jasmine stared at the letter for a few moments as multiple emotions ran through her. Shock was the most prominent which, after feeling only grief and anger for the last few weeks, caused her a bit of relief. Confusion as to why they would send her a message like this along with the whole sixteen and being an Evans thing. Leaning back against the wall, Jasmine could only ask herself, "What am I going to do?" The offer was tempting in the same way that being a witch was. She wanted, no needed, to get away from England. She needed to get away from the bad memories it caused her. She needed to get away from the bullshit the wizarding world was piling on top of her. She needed to get away from Dumbledore and figure out her own path rather than what he seemed to think was good for her. Jasmine needed to get away from the memories of Sirius and grieve properly rather than just stew in this stupid house where her relatives hated her. It would be an escape away from Voldemort, the Ministry, and so many other things. The other school would give Jasmine a lot of opportunities that she couldn't get in England. She wouldn't be compared to her parents almost constantly. It would allow her time to figure out how to deal with Voldemort without worrying about him finding her. Jasmine might actually be able to completely start over and perhaps gain some new friends along the way. Jasmine knew that she'd focused a bit too much on Hermione and Ron, but she wouldn't make the same mistake this time. Jasmine shook her head and reminded herself that she didn't even know anything about this school yet. She needed to reply to that letter and study the pamphlets. She also needed to figure out what to do about the meeting. She couldn't meet with any representative in the house due to her relatives and the watchers Dumbledore has set up. She couldn't use the Leaky Cauldron either as Dumbledore would probably look there first. After thinking about it for awhile, Jasmine decided to see if the goblins would mind her using one of their meeting rooms. They would charge her, but it would be worth it. Besides, she could get their help in finding a good place to stay for the rest of the summer where Dumbledore wouldn't find her. Even if she didn't go to High Alter, she wouldn't be staying at the Dursley's any longer. She could probably use the rest of the summer to find another school in a far away country as well. With that in mind, Jasmine got up from her bed and walked over to the desk. Grabbing one of the pens she kept, she wrote down her reply on a spare piece of parchment before handing it off to the messenger. It took off with a low cry and disappeared into the night. Glancing at Hedwig, Jasmine frowned at the locks on her cage. Perhaps, it was time to get her lock picking skills back up to snuff. Zane Mulnic stared out of his office window with a frown on his face. He ran a tired hand through his curly grey streaked blue hair as his tawny eyes looked to the sky. A smile appeared on his youthful face and he opened the window allowing the shadowy falcon to sweep into the room. Landing on the back of a chair that sat in front of the great red wood desk, the falcon turned it's fierce golden eyes onto to Zane. With a low chuckle, Zane took the rolled up parchment from the falcon and watched as it took off. It shimmered and expanded until a dark skinned man with whiskey colored eyes stood in front of Zane. The man stood taller than Zane, but most like the man always did. He wore only a pair of simple dark brown pants and a light brown vest. Moving around to his leather office chair, Zane asked, "What did you see, Avira?" "She is far too small even when you consider how tall the female Evans clan members usually turn out," Avira rumbled darkly as he sat down, "She is far too skinny to be healthy and she is grieving without any help," "Her magic?" Zane asked him curiously. Avira lost his perpetual scowl and smiled a light as he spoke, "It flows freely like the wind and feels like a warm caress. The smell of it reminded me of the mountains and the jungle where I spent much of my childhood." "Do I detect a hint of longing?" Zane teased earning a scowl from Avira. Avira grunted softly and leaned back against the chair, "Zane." Zane rolled his eyes before saying, "I am glad that they didn't manage to ruin her magic. I'm still pissed at them for doing it to Lily," Avira scowled at the reminder and Zane shook his head with a mournful sigh, "Regardless, I suppose we need to see what she said." Zane opened the letter as Avira leaned forward slightly. Zane read aloud: Dear Headmaster of High Arch, I am very interested in what you have to offer and would like to meet this representative of yours. As my residence is unsuitable for a meeting like this, I have decided to contact the goblins. I will send a message once I secure a meeting room and a date. Until then, Jasmine Potter. Zane grinned brightly, "Smart girl! I'll have to send a message to the clans and ensure they know what's going on. Even if she declines our offer, she will need to meet them." "Do you think she will?" Avira asked as his usual scowl deepened a little. "I believe that Ms. Potter will be full of surprises," Zane answered making Avira's eyes narrow. Zane knew that the man disliked it when he gave answers like that, but didn't really care at the moment. Avira grunted lightly, "Will you require me to deliver the message and wait for a reply?" "Only deliver the message," Zane replied while grabbing some writing supplies. He wrote a short letter as Avira returned to being a falcon. Handing it to man turned falcon, Zane stood to watch him go off. As he stood in front of the window and watching the sky once more, Zane could only grin. Ms. Potter would be quite an interesting student and he couldn't wait to see the chaos she would cause. The time she spent here would be most interesting for all involved. Two days after she sent her reply to the headmaster of High Arch, Jasmine found herself eagerly waiting for Vernon to fall asleep. She had already picked the lock on Hedwig's cage and sent a letter to the goblins last night. In reply, they sent her a letter containing the date and time she could meet with the representative High Arch was supposed to send. They also sent the name of an inn that she could stay at for a reasonable price and wouldn't give her away to Dumbledore. Jasmine checked her pocket's once more in a fit of nervousness. Hedwig's cage was in her pocket and Jasmine felt her heart ache a little as she felt it. Sirius had helped her enchant it in order to make carrying it around easier and offer Hedwig more comfort when the owl used it. Pushing away the reminder, Jasmine felt for her lock picks and sighed softly. The twins had been quite insistent that she learn how to pick locks after they rescued her in second year. The memory still made her smile fondly and laugh softly... "Listen up Jazz," Fred pulled her into the twins room with a grin. "We want to give you some help," George said from his seat on one of the bed. "Those relatives of yours are quite fond of locks," Fred continued as he dragged her over to the other bed and sat down while pulling her with him. "That shouldn't be where they are," George pulled out a small bundle and unfolded it revealing some odd looking things. "So, my dear brother and I," Fred grinned at her as he waved a hand towards George, "Have decided," "After much thought and consideration of your rather troublesome," George smirked at her. "And horrid relatives, you will be learning a time honored," Fred reached out and George handed him some