DISCLAIMER THE FIRST: It is by JKR's writing alone I set my mind in motion. It is by the grace of coffee that thoughts acquire speed, the back acquires strains, the strains become a warning. The warning is that I make no money from this. It is by JKR's writing alone I set my mind in motion. PITHY STATEMENT RELATING TO THIS CHAPTER : " Reality is whatever refuses to go away when I stop believing in it ." – Philip K. Dick – American writer – 1928-1982 LAST UPDATED ON : 05-04-2017 XxXxX CHAPTER ONE – WHO IS THE BOY-WHO-LIVED? XxXxX HEADMASTER'S OFFICE, HOWARTS, SCOTLAND – MAY 2 nd 1998 – EVENING Harry couldn't believe it. After all this time, he had survived only to have to die at the proper time. He wished he could hate the Headmaster but he was too numb to care. Harry sat in Dumbledore's chair and was silent for a moment trying to process it all. Finally with a sigh he got up. There was only one thing to do, the only thing he could do. It seemed he never really had many choices in his life and now he knew the reason. Harry now saw why Dumbledore was always so insistent he try to have a 'normal' life or let Harry get away with so much: he knew Harry's life was going to be a short one. He left the Headmaster's office and right as he stepped off the rotating staircase it occurred to him he should put on his invisibility cloak. The last thing he wanted to deal with was seeing Ron or Hermione. Especially Hermione! He threw the cloak over himself and opened the door… …to find Luna Lovegood staring right at him. "You can take that off, Harry. I know it is you," she said in a determined voice. Harry paused while he tried to figure out how she knew to be waiting for him at this moment. Luna frowned and reached out and pulled the invisibility cloak off him. Her frown faded as she smiled up at him, "You do not need to hide from me. I am here to help. Harry blinked at this,. "Luna, you can't help. This is my burden and so I need to go…" "…go to your death? Yes I know that is what you think you need to do. However you need another perspective on things. Come along with me." Luna said as she threw the cloak over her shoulder and started the staircase moving back up towards the Headmaster's office. Harry could only stare as Luna was carried up the stairs. She seemed much more lucid than she'd ever been before. Harry hurried up after her only to find her humming to herself as she examined the silvery instruments Dumbledore must have repaired after Harry's explosion of accidental magic after Sirius' death. "Luna, I…" Harry began. Luna held up her hand to stop him, "This is the end-game, Harry. It has all come down to tonight. I have tried to help many time before but somehow I am always shunted away from you. It had been so difficult but with so many things going on tonight, I believe I can finally help you see the truth." Harry frowned, "The truth? What truth" Luna smiled sadly, "A truth which I sadly cannot tell you. I can only show you the door, Harry. You must walk through the door on your own. Enlightenment will bring you the realization of what needs to be done. The truth is not something which can be revealed; you must find it within yourself." "You're speaking in riddles!" Harry said angrily. Hadn't he had enough of that shitte from Dumbledore when he was alive and even after death with his will? All the magic in the world and Dumbledore couldn't figure out a way to secretly tell them about the likes of the Deathly Hallows among other things? "Of course I am. It is the nature of the magical world. Nothing is real because magic can unmake reality to suit what is desired. Magic is a focus of will," Luna said serenely. She pointed to the wand in Harry's hand, "That is a focus but what is focused is a lie. Hogwarts is a lie. You are a lie just as I am. Yet every lie holds a portion of the real truth. Finding the truth in the lies will allow you to escape the rabbit hole you have fallen into." Harry was about to make another angry retort but something in the lithe blonde's protuberant eyes stopped him, "I have to die so that Voldemort can be killed. Death is the only freedom I am going to get." Luna laughed, "So you have been told. You have been told many things which somehow you never seem to question. So many things you should have questioned." Harry frowned in confusion, "What do you mean?" "Your life is an enormous contradiction; a collection of supposition, obfuscation and deceit. Yet you never question it. You are the only remaining heir to House Potter, a pureblood house, yet somehow no other house could take you in. You are supposedly the defeater of Voldemort yet no one, not even the Purebloods seemed to care you were raised by Muggles even after starting at Hogwarts. Your godfather is jailed and even when his innocence is revealed, he is kept away from you. As freedom nears, he is killed ever so conveniently," Luna said calmly. Luna made an airy gesture. "Your life has been a series of events. Bits of life supposedly bright against the ennui of day-to-day living. Yet is this really true?" "I don't understand," Harry said. And he didn't. Luna was being cryptic but still more focused than he'd ever seen her. "Tell me Harry, since you did so well on your Astronomy OWL before being interrupted, tell me which constellation is the Hunter?" Luna asked pleasantly. "What? I…uh, well…I'm not sure," Harry said. He found himself surprised he didn't know given how he seemed to feel he should. "What about Sirius? What constellation is Sirius in? Surely you would have remembered the constellation containing your godfather's name!" Luna asked in a biting tone so unlike her. Harry opened his mouth to reply when he realized he didn't know. He racked his brain but all he could remember was various nights on top of the Astronomy Tower looking through telescopes. Luna seemed to read his mind. "I could quiz you all night. However we do not have the time. Suffice to say you do need to confront Voldemort tonight. On your way, all I ask you is to think hard on your life. What do you remember going back to before you were eleven? Do not think of the big things. Try to remember any normal day. Pick any semi-normal day like your aunt's birthday three years ago. Or even here at Hogwarts. What did you do most days during the Tri-Wizard Tournament since you did not have to attend classes as a champion?" Luna stood up and walked over to where the Sorting Hat seemed to be sleeping on a shelf and gave it a pat. "I suspect you will be unable to because these days never truly existed except as a part of the overall deception. They are part of the lie but their nonexistence reveals a truth." Harry just stared at her as he tried to think on what she had said. What had Aunt Petunia done on her birthday that year? It was between his 3rd and 4th year and he was certainly home for it. Yet he couldn't even remember cooking for it which he certainly would have been made to do. Most of his 4th Year seemed rather blank as well. Luna cocked her head to the side. Her face again graced by a sad smile. "When you leave here you need to ask yourself the central question. Who is Harry James Potter? Why is he the Boy-Who-Lived? Because the answer to everything is wrapped up in this question." Luna picked up the Sorting Hat and to Harry's surprise tossed it to him. "You should be able to pull out the Sword of Gryffindor. While most things here are a lie, much of it is of your creation. Even in deception, you cannot help but try to provide the means for you to survive. Did you not notice that when death seemed certain, something always happened to keep you alive?" Harry continued to stare at her for a moment before nodding. He had noticed this and it had bugged him quite often in the dead of night when he could not sleep. Luna's smile became more of a grin as if she was reading her thoughts, "Yes, I thought you might. Some of it was by design but some of it was you. You are you biggest enemy but you are also the only one who can save you. I can only show you the path to the truth. You must be the one to walk it." She gestured to the Sorting Hat in his lap, "Take up the Sword, Harry. You can trust it unlike any wand except for the Elder Wand." "Why can I trust the Elder Wand? Besides Voldemort has it," Harry replied. Luna shook her head, "Who has the wand does not matter. It is not there for you to use but for you to remember. The Deathly Hallows are something people have quested for and killed for or so you were lead to believe. The story was just a deception to hide the fact my father and I were trying to get information to you. Your secret enemies acted quickly to quash interest in them. However the Hallows are only a part of a larger puzzle. A puzzle whose answer is in your head. Reunite the Hallows will help you see what the puzzle is. When the question becomes known, all will be revealed." "The answer will solve everything?" Harry asked. Luna shook her head again, "No Harry. The answer does not matter at all. Find out what the question is and everything will make sense. Mark my words and remember for it is through remembering that you will triumph. But before you can do that you must solve the riddle of the Boy-Who-Lived." Harry put his hand into the Sorting Hat and sure enough he was able to pull out the gleaming Sword of Gryffindor. He pulled it out of its sheath and admired it for a moment before looking at Luna. "A sword can kill but it can also cut. Cut away the deceit and you will triumph. You must go now and I can only say one last thing to help you," Luna said in a voice more serious than he had ever heard her use. "What is that?" Harry asked as he sheathed the Sword and buckled it onto his belt. "The riddle of the Boy-Who-Lived is about who he truly is. Divining the answer to this question will open the door and allow you to go up. All I can do is impart this simple fact," Luna intoned. "And that is?" Harry asked. "Harry James Potter is truly the Boy-Who-Lived." Luna said simply. Harry scowled, "But I've never, ever felt I was the Boy-Who-Lived!" Luna smiled enigmatically, "Then there is a disconnect in the equation. Balance it out to find the truth." XxXxX HIDDEN GROVE, FORBIDDEN FOREST, SCOTLAND – MAY 2 nd 1998 – EVENING Harry could hear voices coming from up ahead. He knew it must be the Death Eaters camp. Yet he made no move towards it. His mind was a whirl with questions. Just as Luna had asked him to, he had thought on his life and he realized he could remember many things quite clearly. Killing a basilisk, kissing Ginny, Ron's betrayal, Dumbledore's funeral, the cat on the desk turning into