DISCLAIMER THE FIRST: It is by JKR's writing alone I set my mind in motion. It is by the grace of coffee that thoughts acquire speed, the back acquires strains, the strains become a warning. The warning is that I make no money from this. It is by JKR's writing alone I set my mind in motion. Dr. Who is owned by the BBC. PITHY STATEMENT RELEVANT TO THIS CHAPTER : " No matter where you go; there you are. " – Buckaroo Banzai – Modern-day renaissance man, top neurosurgeon, particle physicist, race car driver, rock star, and comic book hero (fictional) LAST UPDATED : 05-05-2017 XxXxX STORY BU NNY NOTES : Instead of Voldemort killing Harry like he does in Book 7, he drops him into an alternate dimension in the same way as Harry was in Harry Potter and the Distaff Side ( FFnet story ID: 3894793 by Clell65619 and used w/his permission ) Harry ends up with the 11th Doctor and Igdis right before they attempt to jump to the TARDIS in the episode The Doctor's Wife . Doctor Eleven, the Ponds and Harry have a bit of an adventure before dropping Harry off in London sometime in the 1970's to coincide to a Doctor Four episode to be determined later although it will be during the time when the Doctor was without a companion. Obviously this story bunny happens early into the story. Working title is Harry Potter and the Magical Blue Box . CHAPTER ? – A FIXED POINT "Are you sure you do not want a jelly baby?" The Doctor asked. Harry smiled. This reminded him of how many times he had refused Dumbledore's offer of a lemon drop. This smile slide off his face when he realized that he would never have the chance to accept again from his old mentor. "Come to think of it, I think I will." The Doctor smiled and gave him a few. His face, which normally had a look which reminded Harry of Luna or her father, turned grave. "Now Harry, I do hope you understand why we have to go to this point." Harry nodded, "It's a spacey-wacey, timey-whimey thing isn't it?" The Doctor chuckled, "It is at that. Just as Time Lords are constrained by certain fixed points in time and space, so too are people like you." Harry frowned, "Children of Destiny." The future Doctor had explained it to him. Harry thought it was bad that Rory, a man who waited 2,000 years to see his love again, felt Harry had gotten a raw deal. Of course it was difficult to wrap one's head around a lot of the apparent paradoxes surrounding the Doctor. Like how the Doctor he first meant couldn't be the one to take him to where he needed to be. There had been talk of time-loops, temporal energy and just as the Doctor had just mentioned, fixed points. Regardless of the why, it was interesting to meet this younger version of the Doctor (even if he looked older than the actual older Doctor he'd met) and at once see how he was almost a completely different person yet Harry could now see aspects of this Doctor in the one who thought bow ties were cool. The Doctor nodded as he adjusted one of the many incomprehensible devices on the control panel of the TARDIS. "I wish I could take you some place more pleasant. However your body is filled will inter-dimensional energy and the where I'm taking you is the only place where you can go. In fact, it is the only when place I can take you." "The when of when this version of me died," Harry said hollowly. That was the other thing that still rattled around the edges of his thoughts. Voldemort had actually succeeded in casting him into a different dimension, a dimension where Harry had been killed during the fight in the Department of Mysteries. A dimension the future Doctor had felt he was most certainly stuck in now. Even if there was a way to return to his original dimension, the Doctor had warned how such travel damaged the fabric of time and space in both dimensions involved. Harry had to admit, it would be incredibly selfish to risk the lives of every being in two universes to try and return. Voldemort may not have cared what damaged his actions caused in getting rid of Harry but he certainly cared not to make matters worse. The Doctor paused before fixing Harry with a stare which again reminded him strongly of either of the Lovegoods. "Yes. I do believe this magical prophecy your life-line is tied to demands it. The fact that you're another dimension's Harry Potter doesn't seem to matter. It is suspicious that you fell into this dimension just as your counter-part went through the Veil. Again one can only supposed there is some higher order at work here. Sadly I never had much desire to study magic and its ramifications so there is little I can do but make educated guesses. Maybe by the time I might meet you again I may have found the time to do so. Of course by then it won't matter to you." Harry shrugged, "You have the whole universe to explore, Doctor. If I had a magical blue box which could go anywhere in time and space, I wouldn't just hang out around here either. Don't worry about me; if there is one thing I'm good at is surviving." The Doctor smiled, "Yes, you do seem to have an a knack for avoiding death; almost as good as mine! Although I must admit it might be interesting if I could keep your around. Rather odd to be in the TARDIS by myself. I hadn't realized how quiet it could be." Harry laughed, "I'd love to be your sidekick Doctor but it seems Fate hates me." A beeping caught the Doctor's attention, "Companion actually. He threw a switch and the wheezing, grinding sound of re-materializing filled the TARDIS followed by the gong. "Alright Harry, we have arrived at the focal point. Are you ready?" Harry shrugged, "Ready or not, I've never been one to delay the inevitable." He already had his invisibility cloak out. "Now you are sure this is where you want to be left?" The Doctor asked. Harry nodded, "If things play out the way they should, being here will allow me to right a wrong which has been a long time in coming!" The Doctor continued to read a screen for a moment; his face lit blue by the reflection from the screen with a look of concentration. He straightened up and came over to Harry. Never a tall boy, the Doctor towered over Harry. The Doctor put his hand on Harry's shoulder, "Harry, as you know, a Time-Lord's later incarnation cannot remember many things which have happened till it happens. In many ways, we of Galifrey live our lives concurrently . If there is one mistake people make in regards to Time-Lord's is to think of us living linearly. In a way, you didn't meet a 'future' me but an 'adjacent' me who just happens to have many of my memories." Harry nodded. He didn't understand where the Doctor was going but being around the future/adjacent Doctor had taught him pretty quickly that the Doctor rarely made a point directly. "Once you step out of the TARDIS, it is likely we shall never meet again. Yet I find myself feeling that we shall meet again. Perhaps it is because you have already met one of my other selves but I cannot shake the feeling that somehow I or one of my other incarnations will see you again," the Doctor said. Harry looked surprised, "But I thought with all my temporal energy I was sort of dangerous to the TARDIS and you?" The Doctor made a face, "Danger is a relative thing. It is more that you are a fixed point. For time-lords, such things almost seem unnatural. To be frank, it sometimes is difficult to look at you. Too often my companions forget that while I look human, I'm obviously not and thus I not only have major physical differences like say two hearts, but I also perceive time and space differently than you do. So there is a sort of aura of wrongness about you. It comes and goes but it can be very distracting." Harry frowned, "Then why did you tell me you thought having me as a companion would be interesting?" The Doctor chuckled, "Harry, if there is one thing I'm known for is breaking the rules; even when it can sometimes come back to bite me. Yes your aura can be an issue but you are a fascinating entity and to time-lords with all of time and space at our disposal, interesting things are actually much more rare than you'd expect. So for that, I'd be willing to break a few rules." The Doctor clapped his hand again on Harry's shoulder before moving off and gesturing towards the door to the TARDIS. "Remember that Harry; never be afraid to break the rules. The Universe itself delights in breaking its own rules. When all is dark and there seems to be no hope and evil will triumph over good, break the rules. Do the impossible! The Universe seems to appreciate and reward surprises. You being here, I think, is evidence of that," The Doctor's face broke out into the silly grin which reminded Harry so much of Luna. A pang of loneliness gripped his heart. Pushing away the thought of his friends struggling against Voldemort without him, Harry nodded. His mother had done the impossible and how it enabled him to do the same in regards to the Killing Curse. "I will remember, Doctor." The Doctor clapped his hands together with a silly grin. Suddenly his mood shifted as it seemed to do every five minutes or so, "Now, off you go. I think I shall see about finding some of these lemon drops you speak of! No time to dawdle! Things to do and places to go." Without a second glance, the Doctor went back to fiddling with the instruments on the console leaving Harry to look at the door which seemed to beckon to him. He put on his cloak and readied his wand as he went to see his new home for the first time. What would be different? What would be the same? XxXxX DEPARTMENT OF MYSTERIES, LONDON, UK, JUNE 4 th 1996 – EVENING Hermione coughed some dust out of her lungs and quickly looked around. The Death Eater who had had her by the throat lay stunned next to her. All around her were the sounds of spell-fire and taunts. She wished she could just lie back and have a kip since the adrenaline rush of being chased was quickly wearing off and she felt like she'd expended too much of her magic already. Out of all the chaos around her, a motion caught her eye. Luna's wand was bobbing back and forth as if tracking for targets. The lithe blonde seemed oblivious to a wound which was rapidly staining her school robes with blood. Hermione quickly crawled over to the oddly shaped stone obelisk the Ravenclaw was hiding behind. A muttered charm and the blood flow stopped. Luna glanced down for a second as if she had just realized Hermione was there. "Oh my; that is ever so much better. Thank you Hermi… Reducto! " It was odd, Hermione thought, to hear Luna's sing-song voice change to one of confident action in the span of seconds. A Death Eater fighting a witch Hermione thought was Hestia Jones gave out a cry and dropped to the ground like a puppet with its strings cut. Hermione had a sinking feeling she'd be able to see thestrals if she ever made it back to Hogwarts. Looney