The wake of the boat glowed silver in the moonlight as we approached Isle Esme. I was as nervous as any new husband on the first night of his honeymoon. More probably, I admitted wryly, since most husbands, at least in these times, had far more experience in this area than I. I almost wished I had taken Tanya up on her many offers, simply so I'd have a frame of reference to guide me. I sighed. I wanted this more than I've ever wanted anything in my existence, and equally feared it. What if it didn't work? What if I actually hurt Bella? Or worse. I found it especially difficult to keep her safety in mind when she kissed me, when her hands twisted into my hair, when she pressed her soft body so eagerly against mine. Her trust in my self-control was absolute. I wished I could be so sure. "Bella, look there." I directed her attention toward the looming landmass ahead of us. She leaned forward, eagerly scanning the dark horizon. It took her a few moments to discern the silhouette of the island against the night sky, palms swaying in the tropical breeze. "Where are we?" she asked as we pulled up to the jetty. I had hoped that she would like my surprise and her very apparent delight pleased me a great deal. I had, after all, put a lot of thought into this. "This is Isle Esme," I explained. "Isle Esme?!" she gasped. I was amused. Her aversion to even the most modest of gifts was part of her charm, so this should entertaining… "A gift from Carlisle to Esme. She offered to let us borrow it." I explained, suppressing a smile at her shock. I put the suitcases onto the dock then turned back and swept her up into my arms. I had been waiting for this moment for a very long time "Aren't you supposed to wait for the threshold?" she whispered, breathless. "I'm nothing if not thorough," I grinned. It was no task to carry her, and the luggage, up from the dock to the brightly lit house. I had been, as I said, thorough. The house was fully stocked with all the comforts that a human might want…including light and food. This night had been in the planning stages since the moment she had said the final "Yes" to me. Despite all the preparation, I still found myself feeling painfully awkward. Bella's thoughts were, as usual, hidden from me. What wasn't usual was her steadfast refusal to look into my eyes. I could feel how hard her heart was pounding, how quick her breaths came. What was she thinking? Was she just nervous, as any other young virgin on her wedding night? I certainly understood that! Or was she scared of all the things that could go wrong? That, too, I could understand. It terrified me also, even as I yearned toward it with the longing of almost a century of pent-up desire. I was too nervous to ask. I dropped the bags on the porch and pushed open the door. One deep breath, and then I looked down at the girl in my arms. I waited until her eyes finally flicked up and met my gaze. In that one look, I saw all that I had been waiting to see. Her love, her trust, and her stubborn refusal to be afraid of what I was. With her eyes on mine, I stepped across the threshold. NOW it felt it official. Mrs. Edward Cullen. Isabella Cullen. I liked the sound of that. Only one human technicality still needed to be fulfilled before the law declared me to be hers, and she mine. I slowly carried her through the open public areas – the living room with its well-stocked DVD selection, the kitchen, the dining area – showing her the comforts of the house, before taking her down the one short corridor that led to the private spaces where I set her gently on her feet. I still heard the hammering of her heart, the quick breaths… I wanted to give her a minute. Time to collect herself. Time for ME to collect myself… "I'll…go get the luggage" She didn't seem to hear me as she slowly walked toward the massive bed that held pride-of-place in the room. I fled. What was I thinking?! Jacob was right. This was madness. She was fragile, breakable. I would hurt her. We should wait until… But I promised. In its own way was what she wanted any more difficult for me than what I had demanded of her? I had asked her to put aside her fears and marry me, asked her to endure gossip and public speculation…I knew how difficult it had been for her. And all she had asked of me in return is that I try . It tormented me. I wanted this. I wanted to try more than almost anything. But...if I lost control of myself….. I walked slowly to the veranda and retrieved the baggage. I had thought this through a thousand times, and still I hesitated. If I lost control, what then? I might hurt her. I might break her bones. If I forgot myself and held her too tightly, I could crush the life out of her soft body. I could picture that happening all too easily. Agony pierced me. And then there was the thirst. Every moment of every day I felt the call of her blood. The pain of it didn't bother me anymore, I had known worse. It was almost instinctual now to ignore it. But once I let go, freed the very human passions that I'd kept pent for a century, would I still be able to resist? Panic clawed at me. I closed my eyes, jaws clenching. I had to get a grip. She was waiting. I carried the bags to the room. The heat had already dewed Bella's forehead and neck with tiny gems of moisture. She didn't notice. She was still lost in thought, slowly running her hands down the netting of the canopy. As always I was struck by her beauty. I slid up behind her and gently wiped a small rivulet of sweat from the back of her neck, turning the motion into a soft caress. Her heart was pounding so hard that I could feel it shaking her body. I wished I could see into her mind, to see why her heart beat so fiercely. Perhaps she was reconsidering this rash course of action. I hoped (and dreaded) that it was so. Probably not, I thought wryly. She was so stubborn. Well, so be it. I took a deep breath, ignoring the ever-present burn in my throat. It was time. "It's a little hot here" I apologized, "I thought that…would be best." "Thorough." She murmured. "I tried to think of everything that would make this…easier" I admitted. The tropical heat to warm my icy skin, the ocean breeze to cool her body, and the gentle sound of the waves to soothe the nerves. Well, at least one of those was working. I could already tell that my temperature was several degrees higher than it was normally. The rest, maybe not so much. Never in almost a century had I felt so unsure of myself. Bella wouldn't look at me, she just stood staring at the bed, her pulse racing. I didn't know what I should do, how to make this less awkward. Maybe it would be easier if the bed wasn't so imposing. There was no way to ignore the fact that in a house for those who never slept, a bed served only one purpose. Perhaps getting out of this room would be the best way to start, I decided. Get her away from the immediacy of the act. "I was wondering if, first, you'd like to take a midnight swim with me" I said softly. Yes, that was a very good idea. The water would further warm my body. And though the night was not dark to me, Bella would probably be more comfortable if she felt less…exposed. I felt better now that I had a course of action. "The water would be very warm." I coaxed, "This is the kind of beach you approve of." "Sounds nice." She agreed, her voice trembling. She still would not look at me. I wanted to lift her face, to see her eyes. Since her mind was closed to me, it was the only way I could guess at her thoughts. No, I would allow her this privacy. Besides, I wasn't sure if I wanted to know. Not tonight. "I'm sure you'd like a human minute or two…it was a long journey." I whispered. She nodded and I leaned down to press a kiss to her moist skin, "Don't take too long, Mrs. Cullen." As my lips brushed against the silk of her throat, I felt anticipation coiling in my belly. She had always excited me, always tested my self-control. Tonight I would finally permit myself to relax that control. I would act out all the fantasies I'd envisioned. The slow lingering caresses, the fervent kisses, the gentle strokes along every secret line of her body. I would touch her as a husband would touch his wife. The thought filled me with an odd, fluttery trembling. I couldn't tell if I was excited or scared to death. "I'll wait for you in the water." I promised. I released her and walked out the French doors onto the beach, letting my shirt slip off onto the floor as I left. I could feel her watching me as I slid into the darkness. I stopped at the water's edge and looked out at the moonlight sparkling on the waves. I heard the shower come on in the house. I sighed. It seemed Bella would be a bit longer than I had expected. That was fine. It would give me time to prepare myself. I slipped out of the rest of my clothing and entered the sea. Yes, the water was as warm as I had hoped. I closed my eyes and lay back into its gentle embrace. I tried to relax, to free my senses. But that just made me more tense. The only time I allowed myself this kind of freedom was when I was hunting. I had to find my balance. I could already feel the wildness building inside me. My senses sharpened. I could see the striations in the bark of the night-cloaked palms. Even under the water I could hear the chirping of insects, the call of the jungle birds. I could hear the whisper of fins as small fish darted through the sea grass. The heavy smell of brine in the humid air could not mask the scent of tropical flowers, the damp jungle, the sweet smell of Bella's skin as she stepped from the shower…that last one jolted me back to reality. No matter how much I wanted this, no matter how much Bella wanted this… it had the hall-marks of impending disaster. It was too easy to picture all the ways this could go wrong. I wanted her in every manner that a man wants a woman, but I was NOT a man, and she wasn't just any woman. She was the reason I could exist at all. And she was so fragile. I was terrified I would break her. And even if everything went well, I would still hurt her. It was unavoidable. Carlisle had spoken to me about that, about what to do. " In this, Edward, you must be as patient and gentle as possible. She will experience some discomfort of course, perhaps even pain. But this can be minimized, to an extent. Sexual arousal will increase her pain tolerance, so definitely take your time working up to the act. You must also be very patient and go about it