Welcome to the first chapter to The Warriors of Olympus. There are many stories out there where Percy joins the hunters in various ways, and even some where Perce starts a group similar to them. This is my version of the latter. But this isn't just "Percy gets his heart broken and vows to follow the path of the hunters and start a group that is opposite in gender." The idea of that didn't progress far in my head. However, this did. Percy will be a smarter and calmer version than that in the novels, but he will be more serious than that in the Betrayed and Forgotten series of mine. This story may or may not become a two parter. It may even branch into a third, but that depends on what I see for it in the future. For now, this is but an introduction two some of our main characters. For those of you who do want to see Annabeth in this, she will be more prominent than she is in my other stories, where she is a character a bit off from the main group they follow. And this will be a Pertimis story, but how they grow will not be in the "she's had a thing for him for a long time" style of these kinds of stories. I'm going to approach it differently than what may be anticipated. Now that I've revealed enough, have fun plotting out these future chapters for me. I like vague writing, and then revealing it over time, and I'm curious to see what you people believe the threat in this story is. Good luck and good read. What you believe of this chapter will decide on whether or not I actually continue with this story in the future. (I) Hope it's good enough. Thalia Grace hummed quietly as she sat on the shore of the lake close by to the Hunters' camp. Any Green Day song that came to mind had its time to shine as best it could as only a sound. For the daughter of Zeus, the day was abnormally quiet. No monsters were shoving each other aside as they ran to tear her apart. Her mistress Artemis did not ask for her presence, and even allowed her lieutenant to relax near the campsite. Despite how calm the air was, Thalia was mildly scared, for the child of any powerful entity to have a quiet day was never good. Impending doom was usually a follow up to peace and quiet for her kind. The fact that her mistress had not been given hunting assignments from their father in the past week added to the pressure of an anomaly. Thalia sighed in frustration as she fell backwards and watched the clouds roll by, something she hadn't done often, given her position. Thinking back several years ago, almost a decade, she believed, peace did seem common these days, though not to this extent. Ever since Gaea was defeated, life for Thalia and her friends had calmed down drastically. Minor monster attacks were considered their biggest threat, for they were genuinely all that happened. Both camps, Greek and Roman, lived in peace with one another, though they kept their distances on opposite sides of the county to avoid a skirmish with the potential to grow. The clouds of destruction and despair that shadowed the camps had evaporated thanks to the return of Athena's statue. With the help of Annabeth and the rest of the Athena cabin, with minor help from Hephaestus' children and the two parent deities themselves, Camp Half-Blood and Camp Jupiter were rebuilt, and with it came new physical changes. All the cabins at the Greek camp were doubled in height, to add a second set of rooms for their Roman siblings or newly found ones. Everything the Argo 2 destroyed at the Roman camp was not only rebuilt, but replaced with sturdier and stronger material, as to deal with attacks better than before. Though distant, the camps stayed in connection, a mutual friendship placed between the two. Thalia applauded Annabeth for her growth and progress. Out of the seven that flew to Greece, she was the one that matured the most. Though she had been through Tartarus, and that Frank had apparently gone through a sudden growth spurt in the middle of their journey, her humility and pride had died down, and her composure and attitude became more welcoming. The daughter of Zeus, for a short time, wondered how she had grown so fast, until she learned about Percy. While Jason had gotten glasses and stayed with Piper, Frank and Hazel had survived the whole fiasco, Nico found someone to be with, and even Leo got a girl, the daughter of a Titan, no less, Annabeth and Percy's relationship didn't last long. According to the daughter of Athena, the two saw themselves both going different ways, ones that would draw them apart anyways, and decided to break up. Neither seemed too hurt about it, but Thalia could see that it stung her old friend. Annabeth had even put off dating since then, and had turned down the offer to join the hunt. She had no idea how Percy felt. Before she could find and confront him about their separation, he had left. According to his father, he went with a friend (and he had to mention it was a male and not interested in him that way so Thalia didn't think he was running away with another person already) on an expedition. She guessed Poseidon knew were his son was, but he refused to tell, opting instead to say that Percy could be anywhere. Why Percy decided to leave so abruptly was a mystery to the lieutenant of Artemis. He wrote no note, gave no warning, and just up and left without a sound. It made Thalia furious he would do something that seemed so cowardly to her. She wanted to hunt him down and give him a piece of her mind, but she wasn't allowed; neither her father or her mistress gave her permission to search for him. Zeus said Percy would return, but the god had no idea when. When, and not if, Kelp Head did return, Thalia wouldn't hesitate to jump him. All these thoughts riled Thalia's anger, and she began to pray for something to come by for her to release her frustration upon it. As if the gods were listening, which she believed they always were, Thalia jumped to her feet when she heard a bunch of splashing and a gasp for air. Not too far to her left for her to hear, there was a man, waist deep in the lake, wearing a bronze breastplate, gasping for air. Before Thalia could look him over again, his torso plunge back into the water. Seconds later did he reappear above the surface, crawling across the sunken floor to that of which the light touched purely. He flipped himself to his side, facing away from the huntress, throwing up water by the sound of it. As Thalia readied her bow to attack the man in the Hunter's vicinity, the head of another man appeared. Not too far away from the struggling man was the head of another, with his eyes closed, slowly making its way towards the man in the grass. His body slowly rose from the lake, until he came causally walking out, soaking wet. He wore a stranger uniform, consisting of a big white shirt and a black dress. Thalia was tempted to mock the man for his attire, but seeing as he possibly couldn't hear her from this range, and that she didn't want to shout, she moved quietly towards the two. She needed to release her anger, and she found the perfect targets. Once a few trees away, Thalia hid and notched a bow at the still standing man. Said man turned to the one lying down and opened his eyes, a stoic expression still covering his face. "How was it?" the huntress could hear him say. "One of these days, your sass is going to get you killed." The man on the ground spat out some more water before picking himself up, glaring at the man in the dress when he found his footing. "What sass?" "Shut up." Now with both men on their feet and their bodies facing in her direction, Thalia could get a better look at the two. The man who appeared first wore clothing that represented armor of old. Along with his breastplate, which had bigger arm holes that she thought were necessary, he wore the sandals and skirts Greek warriors use to wear. The sandals strapped around his legs, stopping below his knees, whereas his skirt stopped right above them. On his right side hung a sword, sheathed away in a leather case. His hands and forearms were wrapped in material similar to that around his legs. His hair was short, most likely recently cut, and he wore no facial hair. The second man, along with his unusual attire, wore no shoes, and by his waist was a long, thin, curved sword, not one commonly carried by Greeks or Romans. His hair was much longer, pulled past his shoulders and tied in a ponytail. He, too, had no facial hair. With the two men facing each other, it was hard to see their eyes. The Greek man wore a harder look compared the calm one plastered on the weird man's face. As Thalia pulled back to shoot them down, the weird man turned to face her direction. "Hello," he said, before Thalia released the arrow. Not bothering to watch it connect with the target, she spun back around the tree to the other side, grabbing another arrow before releasing it at the other man. Instead of making contact, two clinking sounds made their ways to Thalia's ears, and her two arrows fell to the ground, at the feet of the two men. Held out in front of the Greek man was a long and thin silver sword, the hilt grasped in the hand of the other man. The two men looked at her through the trees as she tried to compose herself. Now, however, she could see their eyes: brown and green. No, wait; blue. No, green. Thalia couldn't tell the eye color of the Greek-looking man. They seemed interchangeable between the two colors in her mind. "We mean you no harm," the dress man called out, breaking Thalia out of her thoughts. "We apologize for trespassing; we did not know where we would appear. If you will allow us to take our leave, we will do so in an instant." The other man, looking down at the two arrows, placed a hand on his friend's chest. "No," he said aloud. "She's one of them." Taking matters into his own hands, he stepped forward, raising his hands. "You are a huntress, correct?" Thalia notched another arrow in an instant. "What does it matter to you, boy?" she hissed in his direction, putting on her huntress routine. "I, too, am a demigod," he told her. "I seek council with the Olympians on an urgent matter." "And why should I believe you?" "We just walked out of a lake in abnormal attire with swords strapped to our sides, one of which deflected your arrows with ease," the man in the distance reasoned. "If you don't believe we are freaks yet, maybe I should shoot a-" "J, no." The man closest to Thalia turned to face the now named J. "You are not setting her on fire." "I wouldn't set her on fire; I'd just singe her hair a bit." "I'd like to see you try." J turned his head to face Thalia as he sheathed his sword. "Gladly," he responded, pointing a fist in Thalia's direction. Before anything could happen, the other man moved to his friend and lowered his hand. "What did I just say?