She walks in beauty, like the night. Of cloudless climes and starry skies; And all that's best of dark and bright Meet in her aspect and her eyes: Thus mellowed to that tender light Which heaven to gaudy day denies. Isabella lounged on a loveseat beneath a window, a gentle breeze playing lightly with the collar of the shirt under her vest. The moon and stars over head shone brightly down on her face pale face illuminating it even more in the dark of night. She noticed that the winter of '99 was proving to be much colder then any other and even though she couldn't care less about the temperature anymore she could still see its effects on everything around her. Drawing her gaze away from the book in hand again, she looked out to see the trees around the estate were all but lifeless in a snow drenched state, and she hadn't smelled or heard any wild life all night due to them off hibernating somewhere. Thus, the famous Scotland rolling rolling hills outside her perch were all deathly silent on this night. The stillness never seemed to bother her much in the past but tonight was different. She felt this itch to break the silence by doing something which was odd for her because vampires are usually fine staying completely still. In fact, she was sure that becoming statue like was completely normal for her kind. The inkling to action never stopped or went away though as time passed on. The mansion's ambiance was starting to become stiffing to her. She placed her book of poems down on the windowsill, and left her seat to venture towards the meadow out back of her home. On her way out she noticed off to the side of the room that her old violin was on a table, seemingly forgotten there for quite some time judging by the dust on it. She decided to quickly wipe the dust off and fix it up to bring along with her. She loved to play for her family back in the day, and tonight she decided was the night she'd resume playing it again; the reason why exactly she wouldn't think of for the time being. The ground was covered in a deep layer of snow upon her arrival but it didn't tamper off the need she was experiencing to do something. She quickly cleared out a area to stand in with her foot and took a unneeded breath to ready herself afterwords. Carefully she lifted her chin slightly up and placed the violin up upon her neck as she raised her elegant arms with the bow in one hand to play with. Isabella could recall every song in her repertoire due to her perfect memory and suddenly she felt the strongest desire yet to play again... Already flexing her hands in anticipation of the sensation of creating music through a touch she glided the bow over a string to strike the first cord in a song she remembered from very long ago. Nocturne in c-sharp minor like this was a piece she held dearly to her heart and she felt herself swelling with sadness at playing it again; only this time by herself. As she carefully moved threw the cords with a beautifully crafted artistic flare she swore that she could faintly hear her brother in the distance playing with her on the piano again. She pictured him then in his nice set of church clothes, sleeked back short blonde hair, and the ever present small smile on his relaxed face as he tapped away at the keys along with her tune. She knew Charlisle always loved to play with her like this even though he didn't particularly care for the piano itself. He just liked to be in her company and enjoy hearing the music they made together. It was one of the few times they were able to make peace with each other; the sounds dealt with drowning out all the differences they had. As she precisely danced threw the cords of the sorrowful song she wished for the first time in ages that vampires were able to feel the release of crying. She wanted to see and feel the existence of mourning she felt for her long passed brother. If only they could play like this together again. She would give up anything even this damning self imprisonment to be with him just for a fleeting moment again. Charlisle, why did everything have to go wrong for us? As the song began to close and she held the cords to let it fade out of existence she felt snow starting to fall down on her. She stood locked in place with her arms still in position to play as silence once again came to overtake the meadow. She couldn't bring herself to move away from this moment of reminiscing; she felt terrible for not thinking of Charlisle in all this time. She tried to rationalize it to herself by saying it was best that way, she had to move on from him but she couldn't truly accept it. She couldn't completely move on from someone who was family, she just tired to carry on with the hole he left in her heart. What choice did she have but to do that though? It's not like she could die and end this charade. Growling out loud at her thoughts, she started to play the song again only this time she put more textures and notes into the piece to make up for the piano not being present. Soon enough she shifted away from the piece entirely and started playing the more emotionally tied melody of Love's Sorrow by Fritz Kreisler. She started to move her upper body more to suit the ups and downs of the song and soon enough her whole body was shaking off the snow to move along with the tune as she played. She could practically feel the sweet memories and tinges of regret this song was filled with; it matches her perfectly then. Like both songs she played though this one was soon drawing to a close and she quickly plucked the last cords with a small bitter smile on her face. She finally looked up from the violin then to see the sun was beginning to rise over the hills. It was time to retire back into the manor for the safety it provided from the sun's beams and the people that might by chance wander past here to threaten the exposure of her unnaturalness. She hated to hide away like this but she didn't want to even chance people finding out about her. It wouldn't do her any good to have humans or worse the Volturi arriving on her doorstep demanding answers. All it would do is bring the memory of headaches she experienced as a human to mind and she would quickly lose patience. So, yes it was the right thing to do for everyone by retreating back inside until nightfall again. As Isabella walked back inside to put away her violin she noticed that on the table where it was previously stored a envelope was placed as well. After quickly opening it, she pulled out a sheet of paper to read what it said. It didn't say much, Garrett is still quick to the point it seems, but usually he'd give a bit more information then this. All the letter said was that he would be visiting her in a few days time to discuss something. She frowned at the brief message and crumbled it up to throw away later. How odd. Garrett hated being the messenger for others. It might be a role he was familiar with due to his past involvements in the American war's but he always thought his vampiric life would be different from his human one. Here he was though running like a good ol' boy threw the Scotland hills to his dear friend's house to deliver a summons to a place he loathed more then anything. Volterra wasn't a place his kind wanted to ever visit due to the Volturi's iron clad rule but alas he was pressured by the Kings into dragged Isabella there. For some reason the Kings got it in their skulls that they should host a gathering that every noteworthy vampire must attend. He wasn't told much besides that and honestly he didn't care to know more. Getting mixed up in the Volturi's business was always bad news and as soon as he delivered Isabella to Volterra he was going to get the hell out of there. He would feel a tad bit guilty afterwords for leaving his friend in their clutches but damn self preservation came first sometimes. As he drew closer to Isabella's house he slowed his speed down and halted at the front door; his friend would have heard his arrival. Sure enough the woman of the hour opened the door and smiled a little at seeing him. She was dressed to pristine as always in that black vest, white undershirt, and black dress pants. By contrast to her Garrett knew that he must look like a real mess with his trench coat torn up, shoes messing, and every inch of him muddied to hell but he couldn't care less. Even under these circumstances he was pleased to see his friend again after so long apart. "It's nice to see you, stranger." Isabella voiced. "Same to you," He answered with a smile of his own, "Are you going to invite me in or am I going to stand here all night?" He joked. She raised a eyebrow while looking him over again with growing displeasure at what she saw. She had some cleaning tendencies to uphold. "Take off the coat first; I don't want to much mud dragged into my house." "Whatever." He laughed and briskly tossed the coat off to the side. He didn't care much for it anyway, it was just something he stole from some unsuspecting drunkard at a bar a few days back. He could always get a fresher outfit by raiding one of Isabella's wardrobe's later when she wasn't looking. They entered the mansion together then and he saw that nothing had truly changed since he was last here forty years ago. The foyer was still deserted with only a few paintings in sight and every room they passed by only had books or old furniture kept stored away. His friend still didn't care much for making a place lively it seemed. Maybe one day he could get Esme (one of his other old friends,) to come help her redesign the place; it was certainly in a desperate need of updates. "Take a seat if you want." Isabella said, pointing at the chairs stationed in front of her desk. She always did like to have conversations in the study for some reason, Garrett thought. Maybe it was because she felt the most comfortable and in her element here surrounded by books. "Now, why have you come here?" "What, I can't come see a old friend?" He tried to laugh the question off but Isabella wasn't having any of it. "Not at all; I'm merely inquiring why you suddenly decided to show up with only a brief note in advance." Her eyes narrowed at him in suspicion. "Fine," He sighed, dropping the act. "I'll cut to the point then." "Please, do." She nodded along. He grimaced slightly at what he was about to say. "The Volturi King's have asked for you and I to come visit Volterra. I was told to bring you straight to them after we arrive." "Why?" Isabella clutched the arms of her chair to the point Garrett heard it cracking under the force. He choose not to comment on it for now though; brushing it off as a simple anger at not wanting to be away from her territory. "I