Disclaimer: I do not own any aspects of The Lord of the Rings series, and do not seek to make profit from this story. I only write this for my own entertainment and that of the LotR fanfiction community. A/N: Hello all! As a LotR fan, I have long wanted to write about those who are left behind when the men of the North leave for war. It seems that there are few stories written on this topic; this confuses me, as there are plenty of opportunities for creativity in this sense. The action does not simply reside with the main characters (beautiful as that side of the story is.) As mentioned in the summary, this story will contain dark themes and some violence which may be uncomfortable for some readers. Chapters with content that may contain M-rated material will have a warning at the beginning of the chapter and a summary will be provided for those who wish to skip such material. I intend to avoid gratuitous content. I would appreciate any and all constructive criticism you might offer me on this subject, or on any other subject regarding this fanfic. Note about the Chapter Title: I borrowed this line from one of my favorite songs by Enya, called Ebudæ. Thank you for reading, and enjoy. :) Chapter One: A Long Way Back and Forth Forever "Celaireth! Come inside dear, it grows dark," my mother calls from within my family's small abode. She leans out the open doorway, a somewhat anxious expression on her creased, strong face. "I do not fear the dark," I mutter crossly, too low for her to hear. "Coming, Nana!" I call back. She nods once and disappears back inside. The warm evening air of summer is far more pleasant than the air inside. The house still holds in the heat of the day, despite my mother's best attempts to air it out. From my seat on the fence surrounding the paddock, I can hear crickets chirping loudly and happily. The sweet scent of hay fills my nostrils. I long to stay outside, but I know I must go in. Even our two horses do not get to remain in the paddock like they do most summers – they are barred inside the barn, only ten or so lengths away from the house. At night, we bar our doors shut and draw the curtains. All must be protected – there are evil men about and orcs too… or so I have heard. I have no real reason to doubt the words of those far older and wiser than I. It is just that I feel so safe here. It seems that nothing could touch me here. We live in a secluded area, one far from the commonly travelled East-West road. Our land lies south, along the Gwathlo River, at least six days from both Bree and Imladris. My people, the Dúnedain, live spread out around the area in settlements much like my own. Most live between the Mitheithel and the Bruinen rivers, in the area called the Angle, but some, like my own family, have settled farther away from the others. Who would bother disturbing us? We have no riches, and we are far from the roads most travelled. I cannot help but think that my elders worry over much. "Celaireth!" calls my mother's commanding voice. "Coming, Nana." I sigh and swing my legs back over the fence and hob down from my perch, my long brown dress and white shift swishing around my ankles. When I reach the door, I stop and glance up at the heavens only to see Eärendil twinkling merrily. It almost seems as if he is taunting me from his place in the night sky. I narrow my eyes at him, and when he deigns only to sparkle even brighter, I huff and flounce inside. Nana sets a bowl filled with steaming venison stew in front of me. It smells delicious, but it is much too warm a meal for a night like this. I look up at her, about to voice my complaints, but when I notice the wisps of hair escaping from her normally tidy bun and the sweat glistening on her tired face, I swallow my words. She has worked hard all day to prepare this meal for us. I saw her butchering the deer my elder brother Haeronor brought back this morning. It must have taken her hours to do so. All day, she has been smoking the rest of the meat so it will keep. "Thank you, Nana," I tell her. She fondly brushes my cheek with her hand. "You are such a sweet girl. You are most welcome," she tells me in her rich, deep voice. "Even if you do not always obey me." Her face is now stern, yet her grey eyes dance with mirth. I am relieved – I am not in trouble. Her attention is diverted from me, however, so she does not see my guilty expression. Surely she does not know that I snuck out last night for a brief walk in the woods to escape the stuffiness of the house? "Maenor! What do you think you are doing?" She scolds, hands on her sturdy hips. I glance at my eight year old brother and hold back a laugh. Clearly, he has been rolling around in the dust all day. His tunic is positively filthy, as are his hands and face, and his dark hair sticks up in all different directions, entwined with twigs and leaves. He is seated at the table, reaching for his own stew, which my mother promptly snatches away. "Go wash up this instant! There better not be a speck of dirt under your fingernails when you come back!" Maenor is already bouncing down the hall to the washroom. He is obviously too hungry to respond to her scolding, and wishes to get his food as fast as possible. Nana places the steaming bowl back on the square table at my younger brother's vacated place on my right. Haeronor seats himself on my left, on a side of the table perpendicular to mine and opposite Maenor's. After a long time away from home, he seems glad to be eating a proper meal at a table. His hair is glossy and clean-looking – he must already have bathed today. I am not surprised. Rangers have little chance to wash while on duty. Especially these days. They are away from home for far longer, with little respite from their duty of protecting these lands. When Lord Aragorn – King Elessar by now – called the Rangers to fight for him in the war down south, few were left behind to protect us. Now, those few that remain must work longer and harder. I spoon some stew into my mouth and immediately wince; the hot liquid has burned my tongue. I chokingly swallow it down. Haeronor looks at me at just the right moment and sees my pained expression. The corner of his mouth twitches upward. I glare at him, though it does not have the same effect it normally does – my eyes are not quite as ferocious when they are watery with pain. Haeronor only smiles wider, eyes twinkling with amusement. However, he wisely does not utter a word. My mother turns back around, a bowl of stew in each hand. Thankfully, by now, my face has resumed its normal expression. Nana sets one wooden bowl in front of my brother, then takes the seat opposite me and begins to eat her meal. Apparently, the hot stew has no effect on her tongue as it has mine. Haeronor too, begins eating, though he carefully blows on it before he places a spoonful in his mouth. He glances at me, the skin around his eyes creased in his amusement. I stick my tongue out at him. "Celaireth! Where are your manners? Would you stick out your tongue at your brother were King Elessar to dine with us?" I mutter my apologies. "I thought as much." Nana turns her attention back to her meal and strikes up a quiet conversation with Haeronor. I pay little attention – they are speaking of naught more than the dryness of the season and what we can expect from our grain crops this year. Such topics bore me. Instead, I examine the table we are seated at. The surface of the sturdy, oak table is smooth from generations of use. The legs are carved elegantly with vines, flowers, and swords. Every so often, I find myself wondering about my ancestors. They must have sat at this very table, sharing stories and jokes, laughing and crying, eating well-made food… and today, I sit here with my family – or part of it, at least. I am brought out of my reverie when Maenor returns to the table. His valiant attempt at washing up has been mostly unsuccessful. He has changed clothes and brushed his hair, though there are a few bits of undergrowth still trapped in his dark, curly locks. The dirt on his face is now smeared over his cheeks. It seems water did little good in washing away the light coating of dust he wore earlier. His fingernails, though, are miraculously clean. Nana spares a glance in his direction and sighs hopelessly, but lets it go. I suppose Maenor has been spared a second washing because he at least attempted to make himself presentable. I grin at him when he looks at me and lean over the corner of the able to pick a twig out of his hair. "What were you up to today, to get so positively filthy?" I teasingly ask him. He grins back. "I was fighting the orc armies to defend our home," he explains self-importantly. I glance over at the front door. Sure enough, there lies his wooden toy sword. "I presume you reigned victorious?" I query seriously. "Yes, I did," he says as he reaches for his bowl. He pulls it closer to him and takes a huge bite of his stew. He doesn't have the same problem I had – his meal has cooled down enough by now. I cautiously taste my own stew. It, too, has cooled some. I take another bite, savoring the potatoes, carrots, onions, and seasonings mixed in with the venison. Despite my misgivings about the heat of the meal, it is actually quite enjoyable. "I am glad there are some brave souls who can protect the women and children when we men are gone," Haeronor tells him gravely. Maenor sits a little taller in his seat at being called brave. He doesn't seem to notice that Heronor did not include him as one of the 'men.' "I do my best," he remarks. I share a small smile with Haeronor and my mother. At only eight years old, my younger brother is so precocious. Nana continues to eat calmly and politely. I subtly watch her, trying to mimic her movements. Oh, if I could have half the grace my mother has! Then surely Belon would pay attention to me. How handsome he is, with his sturdy shoulders and strong jaw… I am sure he will have already met plenty of beautiful women in Gondor by now, though. How I wish he had been one of those who stayed behind! No boy my age has paid much attention to me as they do to Lothwen, that annoying, flirtatious, beautiful, stuck-up… I tamp down my jealousy, only to be left with one last defeated thought – at this rate, I will never find a husband. I am brought out of my misery by Maenor high-pitched child's voice. "Nana, when is Ada coming home?" he asks. Nana's face looks sad for a brief moment. This sadness is replaced by a sure, loving smile. She reaches out and takes Maenor's hand in her own, gently rubbing the back of it in her instinctual, motherly fashion.