I woke up early in the morning to the smell of smoke. The kingdom of mixed races, the city I lived in, was burning. I sat up as soon as it registered, and heard the sound of screaming. I looked out of my window, and was horrified to see hundreds of the Uruk-Hai orcs swarming the city. I went out of my room, and went into the hall. Then I heard a loud creak. The front door opening. I knew the sound well, because someone was always going in and out. Heavy footsteps followed, and I silently went back into my room and listened intently as heavy footsteps went past my door and down the hall- to my parents' room. I froze as I heard a slam, and then I ran out. I heard my dad yell- and then my mom screamed. I ran down the Hall and looked in the doorway- and a huge Orc stood over my mom while she fumbled to grab the sword that she always had on her side of her bed. She looked down once. Then the Orc swung its sword and split open her head. My dad was nowhere to be seen. I screamed, and the Orc looked around. I ran as fast as I could down the stairs and out into the street. The orcs were killing the elves left and right, and I was soon grateful for the calico fur that I had, and that I was not fond of wearing light colored clothing. For the most part I managed to stay hidden, and I made it to the castle where I thought I would be safe. My friend's family lived in there. They ruled the kingdom of mixed races, and one was a human. The other was an elf. The fighting was much worse near the castle gates, and behind that, the castle was being demolished. Brick by brick, the orcs tore down he bottom of the castle. I backed away into an Orc, and it spun around, swinging a huge sword. I ran into the nearest house, wishing that it was empty. The Orc followed me, and I ran upstairs in the house. There was a bow in a room, and a single arrow beside it. I picked them up. I knocked the arrow and drew it back. I could barely pull it back, and as the Orc came into the doorway, I let go. I hit the Orc's arm, and the Orc yelled and charged. It had let go of its sword, so when it ran at me, I dodged to the side and picked up the sword as I heard a crash. The Orc had run out of the wall. I locked the door and sat on the ground and cried. My family was gone, and it looked like my friend and her family was also gone. When the sun rose, I looked up with red eyes and saw the damage to the city. The streets were cracked and torn apart, and the houses were now ruins. The small surplus closet in the middle of the town had become ashes, and the castle was a pile of bricks on the edge of the town. All of the dead people had been stacked in the center of the city. I ran over to the pile of bricks and began to walk over them, until I saw a small blue thing in the pile. I hurled bricks aside as I unburied my friend. Dakota, my friend, was under the grey bricks, and her arms were scratched and bruised, while her wings (yes, she had them) were surprisingly okay. Dakota was alive, but unconscious, so I left her on the bricks while I went to see who else was alive. The first house I went into was destroyed, and the walls were blackened with ash. I walked up the stars and called "Is anyone here?" I heard a faint cry from somewhere, and I went into each room to see who it was, but nobody was there. "Hello?" I called again. I heard it again, but again, nobody was there, so I left quickly. The next couple of houses were the same, and I could feel my fur bristling at the creepiness. They were dark and gloomy, and the worst part was that I had known these people who lived in houses, and they had been bright, happy people. The next one I went into, when I got about five steps in the room, the floor collapsed. I yelled as I fell underneath the house. There was nothing down here to get me out, and that was when I heard unsteady footsteps. Somebody walked up to the hole, and it wasn't Dakota. It was one of the few city guards, and he looked like he was drunk. "Who are you?" He asked. My temper flared. "I'm Ra, the same person who kept you from getting fired that time when you set a house on fire." I answered impatiently. "Who?" He asked again. I picked up a rock and threw it at his face. It barely hit him. The guard blinked slowly. "Can you get yourself out?" He asked. "Oh, stupid me," I said sarcastically. "There's a ladder down here." "Really?" The guard asked. I threw another rock, aiming for his face. It hit the top of his helmet, and it seemed like he FINALLY got some sense. He lowered his hand and helped me out of the hole. I didn't look through the rest of the house. When I went outside, the sun was higher in the sky, and the heat was incredible. Even on the north end of Mirkwood, the summers were still sweltering. The sky was a strange purple color, and one person was standing by the Butterfly Fountain and staring up at the sky. The guard went off to talk to the person, and I walked back to Dakota. This time I tried to wake her up. First I tried shaking Dakota. Nothing. Then I tried water and various other methods, and she was still asleep. I wondered if she had died, but she was still breathing. I stood up again and went off to the gates at the South end of the kingdom of mixed races. The gates had been thrown apart. I went up to the north end. The gates there were covered in spider webs. Then I heard a low moaning sound. I looked around and saw someone lying on the ground, with their hands and face covered in blood. They were scratched up and bloody, and they had an arrow in their stomach. "How are you still alive?" I asked. They groaned and died. The walls around the town were torn apart in places, and in other places ladders had been placed outside the walls. The tops were visible over the parts of the wall still standing. I went back to Dakota, and this time her godmother was with her. She was standing over Dakota, and her face had the same expression it had before the invasion: anger and disgust. I came up silently and checked on Dakota. As I confirmed that she was still alive, her godmother snorted. "She's dead. She should be burned with the rest." She jerked her head back to the pile of dead bodies. "She's alive, and we will NOT burn her unless she stops breathing forever." I countered. Dakota's godmother snorted again. "Aren't you concerned that this place got ruined?" I asked, my anger flaring yet again. "Everything had changed. Why are you still so disgusted by everything?" "I'm not concerned at all. I will go out northeast, and start my own kingdom there." She answered. "The northern wastes?" I asked. "Seriously? Nobody's been able to survive there in centuries, except the goblins and orcs. We would have better luck in Mirkwood." Dakota's godmother tried to hit me. I ducked just in time. She hissed,"Do not speak that evil name to me!" That was when I remembered that Dakota's godfather had died in Mirkwood (or so her godmother said). "Mirkwood." I said again. "Get used to the name. We live right next to it." "Not anymore!" Her godmother shrieked, and tried to stab me with a knife that came out of nowhere. I ran a little off, but I didn't trust Dakota's crazy godmother to leave Dakota when I left. However, Dakota's godmother left, and once she was out of sight, I dragged Dakota into the nearest standing house that wasn't broken up. Dakota was still sleeping, and I sat in the dark house with her all night. The next morning Dakota was STILL asleep, and I tried yet again to wake her up, to no avail. When she didn't wake up after I poured a bucket of hot water on her, I went out of the house in search of something to eat. I noticed that Dakota's godmother was talking to the small group of survivors, and when I walked up to them, they ran away. I ignored it and went into the ruins of the market. There, out of the Whole market, was just an apple and a couple of oranges left that were still edible. So I checked some of the other places. The old bakery that used to have the absolute best pies imaginable was still standing (probably because nobody felt safe hiding in a bakery) but the food inside was almost all gone. I picked up the muffins off the ground, because they were the only food left. Then I walked back to Dakota, and as I was setting all the food out, she woke up and sat up. "What happened?" She asked, rubbing her head like she had a headache. "Orcs invaded." I answered. "The stupid guard is still alive, but I don't know how. Your godmother survived, and she still looks as angry and disgusted as ever. There's also somebody else I don't know. I have no idea where your parents are, though." Dakota sat in silence for a while as I raided the house. I found a kitchen knife in a back room, and a bow in what looked like an attic. I gave Dakota both. She still didn't talk. I went over to the pile of dead bodies. Even though it was completely obvious- look for the king and queen first- it had completely slipped my mind. So I checked through the pile of dead bodies. The smell was terrible. It was the smell of one dead body sitting outside for a couple of days times 300. Yes, at least 300 people used to live in the kingdom of mixed races. In those 300 bodies, I didn't see Dakota's parents. It was like they had vanished, but in the middle of a bunch of dead people, as dead people. When I turned to walk away, I saw the stranger and the dumb guard right behind me. "What?" I asked them. "The princess's new mother says that you are trying to harm the princess." The dumb guard said. The stranger nodded. "She said that you would dig through dead bodies to find the king and queen to use them to rule everyone. Here you are, going through dead bodies." "Don't you know not to trust her by now?" I asked. "She's been trying to take over the kingdom for years, and I don't know how the king and queen missed it." I went to walk past them, and I heard them the stranger say,"It's a good thing that the regent is rescuing the princess now." My blood went cold for a second, and I ran back to the house. Dakota was still there, alive and miserable. "Did you find the bodies of my parents?" She asked. "No. They could still be alive. But we have to leave now. Your godmother should be coming soon to take you into the northern wasteland. She has a crazy idea about starting her