I don't own Hunger Games, wished I did though. -Hayffiex3 Chapter 1 Blurs of candy pink flock into the sky. Their long, thin beaks dripping with fresh blood. Her blood. Maysilee's blood. He runs, but never seems to get closer. When he finally does, the life in her eyes seem to dim faster than her heart is pumping. He grabs her hand, already finding it cold. He has tears in his eyes that will never fall for his ex-ally. His friend, one that will never see the next day. He then notices that she's mumbling a word. A name: Effie. Effie. Effie. He doesn't recognize the name. The name seems to flee to the back of his mind when she mutters "Save her," with her last breath and becomes unresponsive. He awoke with a start. He's didn't scream that tonight, his throat didn't seem to hurt. That was an improvement. No matter how much he drank the night before, the horrors sometimes seem to follow him into his dreams, his sleep. Haymitch ran his hand through his dirty blonde hair. His steel-grey eyes shut for a second before he felt the pounding in his skull. Fuck, I seemed to drink enough to get a hangover but not a good night sleep. His thoughts seemed to bring more bad luck. He ran out of those blasted small red pills. The one good thing the Capitol has provided, besides the liquor, has run out. He would have to get some soon. Drinking provided a relief but the after effects are a whole different situation. It felt like someone was trying to drill a screw into his head. He rubbed his hands over his eyes to get a clearer focused view of his room. The afternoon sun showed his room to be a mess as usual. He'll clean it sooner or later. It wasn't like he had anybody banging on his door every second of the day to have a chat. He rarely ever talks to anyone. Knowing you might have to mentor someone's kid to help them survive the Hunger Games when chances are you'll probably be bringing back a casket instead, puts a real downer in a conversation. So he just steers clear. The only one he talked to is the old victor's wife, Celeste. She was from the seam. Since her husband died, she came by a couple times a week to bring him food and to make sure he was still alive. Her husband left her a sum of money that left her living comfortably. Haymitch finally decided to get out of bed. He really needed a shower. Celeste usually came over on Mondays. Walking into his bathroom, he finally looked at his reflection. His body seemed to still be in the shape it was when he was sixteen. He was twenty-six. He looked away from the mirror, knowing the haunted look he has on his face was there since he hadn't had a drink yet. Brushing his teeth seemed to be a waste, since he was going to get a flask filled with whiskey right after this, but he still did it because he's not as much of a slob as everyone thinks he was. He finally finished and relieved himself of his bladder and got in the shower. He washed his body quickly, seeing the scars that he still had bothered him even after ten years, killing people and almost dying isn't something you can forget in a couple of years. Wrapping a black towel around his waist, he went into his room and began to get dressed. Climbing down the stairs quickly to his kitchen, he went to the cupboard to get his drink. Sitting in the big kitchen filled with dirty plates and leftover food didn't seem to bother him as much as it should have. With him and his flask securely in his hand, he couldn't help but think back to the dream. Who the fuck was Effie? It sounded vaguely familiar to him. But what reason did he have to make dream Maysilee say her name, and why would she wanted him to save this Effie. After thinking about the name for a minute he went to open the flask, right when he was about to take his first sip, a knock on the door resounds throughout the house. Haymitch groaned. "Nobody's here! Leave a note, but don't expect a response." Haymitch yelled. The person who had enough balls to come and knock at his door that early in the morning seemed to get the message, but again when he went to take a shot of his alcohol, the knocking continued. Haymitch knew it wasn't Celeste since as she had a key. He growled out in frustration, he walked to his front door, and yanked it open to see someone he didn't expect: Mayor Undersee. Maysilee's brother in law. "Uh, hello Haymitch. So nice to see you again." Mayor Undersee said in a polite voice. He didn't hide his distaste for the mess well. But he didn't dwell on it. "Nice to see you too Undersee. What do I owe for this lovely visit?" Haymitch said sarcastically, wanting to get straight to the point. He did not see a reason to dance around the topic of this unfortunate visit. Mayor Undersee rubbed his neck, feeling pressure was never something he could handle, but it was his job to be under pressure. "Well the thing is, it's been ten years since the Quarter Quell, and you aren't married yet." Undersee says. Haymitch flinched with the mentioning of his own Hunger Games. "Yea, so what? Is that a crime nowadays?" He said in an agitated voice. He started to get pissed off that the Mayor wasn't saying the reason he had come all this way for. The flask still in his hand, feeling heavier than it should have been at the moment. He opened the flask to take a couple of gulps. "Well, you are going to have to get married." The mayor muttered in a low voice. But it didn't stop Haymitch from hearing it with his trained ears. He spat out liquor in the direction of the mayor. A few drops landed on his face. He didn't flinch, knowing that a reaction like that was going to happen. He merely just toke a handkerchief and wiped his face. "What the fuck you mean I'm going to have to get married?" Haymitch yelled. "Well, it's a law set by the Capitol-" Haymitch interrupted. "What law? I didn't hear about this." "Please just let me explain." He begged. Haymitch started to say something but then decided it would be better to get all the facts straight. Undersee must have planned this, knowing he would have just been waking up and sober at the time, so he just bit his lip and then nodded his consent for him to continue. "Quarter Quell victors have different sets of rules than normal victors have. If you're a victor from the Quarter Quell, you are to be married in a span of ten years, if not a wife is to be reaped for you in honor of the Capitol picking a victor in your reaping. The women who are to be reaped are women who are not yet married after their first eighteen years of life. In the Capitol, this is considered a disgrace. So their names get put into a reaping ball, just like the Hunger Games. But it's to be your wife. There will be two names picked, no one can volunteer. One of these women will be your wife while the other is to condemn her life to working for President Snow as a servant. Well until not needed. Your wife is expected to live with you and be the new escort since you are a Quarter Quell victor, and the current escort is getting to the age of retirement so she would have to be at your side most of the time. You have to fall in love with her, or at least look like you have." At the end of his speech Haymitch started to laugh. Beginning as a chuckle, then it became a full body shaking laugh. "That is the stupidest shit I have ever heard in my fucking life. Do you know how ridiculous you sound? Oh my god, I can't even believe you said that with a serious face. I would've shit myself saying that to someone." Haymitch continued to laugh. When he noticed that the mayor wasn't laughing with him. His face slowly began to grow serious. "You aren't kidding?" Undersee shook his head. "Are you fucking me? I give my life away, my family, my friends. Now they want to have me marry one of them? Those prissy Capitol bitches. The ones that only worry about what shoes to wear to match their purse. The ones who have those ridiculous painted rats on their head. She would stick out like a sore thumb. Let alone she won't know what it's like to go hungry. She'll never fit in here. They really want to punish one of their own to this life?" Haymitch yelled. Undersee understood where he was coming from, but it was law, and Haymitch needed to do it whether he liked it or not. "No, I'm certainly not "fucking you," and please you can't use that excuse, you barely talk to anyone anyway. She may have a better chance at fitting in than you do. You will have to do this. Reaping is tonight. Unfortunately you won't have as much time to let this sink in as you would have liked, or at least to make an escape plan; you'll have to get on a train in a couple of hours. Get dressed, nicely please. I'll get Celeste to help you. Have a good day. Oh and Haymitch…May the odds be ever in your favor." With that Undersee left the house with a quiet chuckle. It wasn't long before Haymitch reacted. He threw everything he could get his hands on. The flask hit the window with a crash. A chair was flung at the wall. The table was flipped over. Dishes were being broken by the force of the telephone being slammed into the sink. Well what did he really expect? For them to leave him alone? He outsmarted them. Made a fool out of them. They weren't just going to let him live in solitude, no they are going to add the one thing he despised the most into his life. Capitol. He needed something to drink. Finally looking at the mess he had made in his rage, he noticed the broken liquor bottles strewn across the kitchen. FUCKKKKKKK, can life really get worse? He thought while letting out a groan. "Well who knew a day was to come where Haymitch wasted valuable liquor?" A voice sounded behind him. Haymitch whipped around and flung the knife that was in his hand. Celeste didn't even flinch. The knife whipped right passed her face as she moved just in time. Have been married to a victor gave her certain skills when dealing with them. Like not dying. "Ugh, not now Celeste." Haymitch grumbled. "What's wrong with you now?" "Undersee just came to see me." "Yes, I saw him when I was coming down the road." "Did he tell you already?" "What do mean?" "I know that you know." "Alright yes, I know." "Are you here to get me ready?" "Yes Haymitch." "Did you bring anything to drink?" "Another yes." "Thank you." Haymitch said, but was disappointed when he saw so little. "You only brought this?" "Of course, we can't have your new wife seeing you at your worst." "Please, when I'm drunk, is when I'm at my best." "True, true. We'll have more on the train than." "We? You're coming?" "Yes, since your mother isn't with us, I am to step in." "Celeste." "Yes." "Thank you." "No problem,