Dust By: Cerise Amberwood Disclaimer: I do not own or have created the Percy Jackson or Heroes of Olympus series. These series, plot, and most of the characters were made and owned by Rick Riordan. Praise the Rick Lord! Hello! I'm the author of this fanfic, the name's Cerise. SO, this is my first attempt at a fanfic, so please don't judge me too hard :3 I actually already wrote this once, and it never saved, so that sucked. But I'm determined to get this chapter finished so here we go again! Hope you enjoy! ~ Cerise Amberwood Note: SO Dust is placed about a year or so after the war with Gaia. Demigods are finally settling down, and thinking of the future. Camp Halfblood is rebuilding, and with help from the Romans is now more fortified than ever! The beginning of this starts with Frank, and a startling discovery that all is not what it seems with the world. Gaia's... remnants? Are stirring, and a warning from Mars threatens that the end of the world is near. Can the original Seven come together again, and find Leo, who is still missing, and fight one last battle? And will Romans and Greeks band together just like last time, or will fights break out again? Gaia has a chance to take over the world again, and the Seven have a chance to stop her, all in Dust, a Heroes of Olympus fanfiction, based on the real series created by Rick Riordan, Master of Everything Awesome. Chapter 1: The Awakening Frank's POV: " Praetor Zhang!" Frank Zhang was walking up Temple Hill, heading for Mars Ultor, when Mia, a centurion ran up to him, talking a mile a minute. " Praetor! Praetor!" Frank sighed, " Calm down, I can hear you just fine." Mia flushed bright red. " Oh, well yes, ahem. Praetor Reyna is already in the forest-" " The forests? Past the Field of Mars?" " Yeah, that's the one. There have been signs of several monster attacks in there. We have a wounded girl from the Fifth Cohort. She claims she saw a girl with a… goat leg, who burst into flames." " So what you're saying is there's an empusai in the forest." " Yes, Centurion Hazel Levesque and the two graceu- ahem, greek demigods await you." Frank heard the beginning of her insult, and clenched his jaw subtly. " Tell them I'll be there in five. I have things to do." Mia sighed and batted her eyelashes at him, resting a hand on his arm. " Whenever you're ready Praetor Zhang." Frank stumbled away, mumbling something about Mars, blushing bright crimson. Mia giggled and strutted away, but not after she squeezed Frank's biceps and giggled some more. Frank could feel her eyes on him as she turned around and walked away, turning back around to stare at him several times. Frank sighed and turned around, trying to ignore Mia's burning gaze, as he walked up to Mars Ultor. Frank shuddered and rubbed his eyes. Ever since he had returned to Camp Jupiter as a Hero of Olympus, and had become Praetor of the Twelve Legion after Jason gave him emergency promotion during the battle at the House of Hades, girls kept on hitting on him, or flirting with him. I mean, sure, he had changed a little in appearance, okay, maybe a lot. But it wasn't that big a deal! ... For him at least. He had recently turned sixteen and a half, and had grown out of his baby face. Due to all of his training and war games, he had grown kind of buff, and finally gotten tall enough so that he felt relatively normal in his own skin, better than he did on the Argo II. Piper and Jason were visiting Camp Jupiter, along with Nico Di Angelo and Will Solace. Frank recalled a conversation he had earlier with Jason, which had made him feel extremely awkward. It was also what had brought him to Temple Hill. They were walking through New Rome, two old friends taking a walk, and Jason had been commenting on Frank's appearance the entire time. " Dude," He had said, disbelief shining in his eyes. " Yeah?" Frank asked, tilting his head to one side in confusion. " Dude, you got buff! What the heck Frank! As Leo would say, you're a walking chick magnet now." They both smiled and laughed even though Frank was extremely embarrassed. " Nah, Jason. I just spend a lot of time training, I've been practicing my shapeshifting and archery. Besides, we all know you and Percy are the better looking ones." Jason laughed, " Frank in all seriousness, I can understand your problem." Frank turned around, wrinkling his brow in confusion. " What problem?" Jason raised an eyebrow. " On the way here five girls have winked at you, three have written their names and cohorts on their arms and waved them at you, and about six groups of girls have all simultaneously sighed and whispered about you as you walked by." Frank flushed bright red. " Pretty sure they were doing that for you too man, not just me." Jason laughed, " Oh no, Frank. They had your name written on their arms, and I heard the names ' Frank' and ' Zhang'. Accept it dude, you're officially wanted." The two passed a Venus dedicated altar, and Frank muttered a silent curse at the annoying, self absorbed goddess of love. Jason snickered and nudged him playfully, silently warning him to be careful. Frank rolled his eyes and smirked. He didn't mind his looks but he wished Venus would kinda, lay off on all the fawning girls. Jason interrupted his thoughts. " The Venus Festival is coming up soon, in about two and a half weeks? I'm pretty sure all the girls will be asking you to go with them." Frank was flustered, " But I'm with Hazel!" " I don't think they don't care that you guys are dating, and so if you want to make them stop flirting with you, then you have to make it clear that you're with Hazel and you don't want to date anyone else." Frank and Jason spent the rest of the walk mostly in silence, Frank still pondering about Jason's words. What could he do to make the girls go away? It's not like he could directly ask, that would be kind of mean... Frank sighed, slightly wishing he didn't have such a strong cinnamon side. Jason was about to say something when Frank doubled over, grabbing his head in pain. He heard his father, Mars, for the first time in almost seven months, shouting in his head. Each word left a ripple of pain, but his words were muffled, as if he was underwater. Frank could only make out two words, Mars Ultor. His father was trying to tell him something, and obviously his altar/temple would be the place where he would have the most power to appear. " Ow… Woah, something's wrong…" Frank gasped, trying to stop the migraine. Jason grabbed Frank's arm, " Hey, what's wrong! Frank, hey can you hear me?" " Yeah," Frank gasped, " Jason, go gather everyone, you, Piper, Nico, Will, Hazel, everyone. Meet me at the Mars Cabin, 'kay? I'll be ten minutes, I have to check something." Before Jason could say or do anything, Frank transformed into an eagle and flew away to Mars Ultor, in search of what was wrong. So here he was, climbing up to his Father's altar. Finally, after a few minutes of pondering and walking, he made his way to the place right in front of the altar. Strangely enough, there was a man standing in the altar, dressed in a Canadian Special Forces uniform. " Father?" The man turned around, revealing himself as Mars, the Roman god of war, also Frank's father. Strangely enough, Mars's eyes weren't their usual fireball red, they were deep brown, just like Frank's. He had golden ichor stained bandages wrapped around his arms, and more peeking out of his uniform. Frank had never seen his father looking so… defeated. He looked as if he had travelled through Tartarus and back, without his godly powers. " Hey kid, bet you're wondering what's happened huh?" Mars spoke up, coughing after he spoke. " Dad, what happened to you?" Frank was concerned, and a little more frightened than he'd like to admit. Mars knelt over his altar, examining something in the ground. " There is something awakening, kid. Something dark. I've been taking all the weight I can, but I know even if I don't wan't to admit it, I can't hold on forever." " What? What are you talking about?" Frank yelled the question, a tightness forming in his chest. " It's attacking us Frank, both of us, me and that Graceus god, Ares or whatever. We've been taking most of the damage, trying to protect the others, but we're losing. I can feel it in me, slowly chipping away at me, and I've- we've been fighting it day and night but she keeps coming back stronger and stronger, every day. Every night. She can't be stopped." " Who is she? Tell me!" Mars replied slowly, seeming out of breath. " Earth… Mother's, remnants…" " Earth Mother? Do you mean… No, we defeated her! We killed her!" " Frank listen, all of us, Roman and… Greek, are both being affected. We may not last as long as we hope, so it's up to you, Frank, and your friends. You have to be prepared. There will be betrayals, and deaths. I wish this wasn't true but you are strong, you are my son and I know you can do thi-" He gasped, doubling over in a groan. " Woah! Mars! What's wrong!?" Mars stared up grimly at his son, wishing this wasn't happening now. He cared about his children more than he let on but this boy, this boy he loved with all of heart. He was proud of Frank and knew that he could make it through this. " I am so sorry son. This is going to hurt but you're strong. You are your mother's son. I know you can make your way through this. Remember what I said. Emily would be so proud of you, Fai." Frank stared up at his father in surprise and worry. His father never got sentimental, and he definitely never called him by his real name before. Frank stared in horror as his father collapsed to his knees, golden ichor streaming out of his newly opened wounds. Something was definitely wrong. He couldn't do this now! The great prophecy had just ended, he was beginning things with Hazel, he was living his life! He thought hard, scrambling over Mars's words, trying to make sense of what was happening. A wet, earthy smell hit him as Frank ran forward, grabbing his father's arm. The breeze picked up around him, swirling thousands of dead leaves around Frank and his father, leaving Frank cold and alert. His father's words bounced around his head. This is going to hurt. You are strong. I am so sorry. Emily would be proud... For a few seconds, Frank thought he would be okay. What a dumb thought. Spoiler, he was wrong. An earth shattering pain hit him and sent him flying, falling backwards and away from his father, who disappeared with a scream, surrounded by a ring of green fire. Frank could barely see through the red clouding his vision. He felt something slash into him, hitting him over and over again. He turned around, catching glimpses of his opponent as they dodged and weaved through his attacks, avoiding them. Frank turned into a lion, roaring and slashing at the air with his sharp claws. An ungodly fast attack sent him spinning towards the ground. He turned back into human, feeling several bones break as he hit