A/C: I really need to stop writing new fan-fictions while my other stories are still pending. I promise they'll be done soon, I just couldn't stop myself from writing this one. I got the idea from watching an episode of Family Guy, and it sort of stuck. I also wanted to try out the suspense/mystery genre since most fanfics I've written are romances and/or tragedies. With that being said, there will still be a lot of Everlark (because I am Mrs. Peeta Mellark after all :D) and some Gadge, Odesta, and Clato. So yeah, that's all! c: Enjoy! All property belongs to its rightful owners. "I don't think we should go," I mutter as I check the weather on my cellphone. "There's snow storm in the area, Madge. Shouldn't we postpone it for another day?" Written in bold, red letters is an extreme weather alert in Panem, which is where our cottage is located. Apparently, there will be over 50 inches of snow and a whopping wind speed of 40mph. We would practically be locked in the cottage the entire weekend if we decide to go. It would be a waste of energy, gas money, and also my precious time which could have been spent watching Netflix and eating Captain Crunch cereal. And to be honest, even if the weather conditions weren't so bad, I would still not want to go. I couldn't care less about skiing or roasting marshmallows over a bonfire with people I barely know. I could make s'mores just fine with my toaster oven in my dorm room without the social anxiety involved. Madge glances up at me. "We've endured far worse weather here in Denver, Katniss. Besides, everyone else is on their way to the cottage," she says tiredly. She has been dealing with my complaining all day, and I can tell she is losing her patience. "But Madge," I whine. I'm not much of a complainer, but my friends' insistence got me resorting to desperate measures. "If you want to go, that's fine. But I don't!" The golden haired, crystal blue eyed girl lifts herself off the carpet. She eyes me as she throws her backpack over her shoulders. "You already accepted Finnick's invitation. You can't let him down now. And I know you're trying to make up excuses not to go." Madge then walks over to my bedside and picks up my suitcase. She rolls it across the floor, and sets it at the door. She takes a moment to wear her violet pea-coat before tossing my jacket to my face. "Let's go." Scowling, I pull it over my shoulders. "You'll regret dragging me to this stupid thing, Madge." I huff as I take the suitcase in my hand, giving Madge an irritated look. She seems unfaltered. "I might, but we won't know that for sure," she quips. She holds the door open for me as we leave our shared dorm room and enter the elevators. After two weeks of nonstop studying for our exams, we are finally able to breathe. We've completed our final examinations with fairly decent marks, and it is about time we "celebrate". However, it is clear that their definition of celebration is quite different compared to mine. They are very persistent in forcing me to come for a weekend full of winter sports, bonfires, partying, and drinking. Apparently Finnick booked this massive, upscale, yet older cottage in the outskirts of Panem. We will be surrounded by forests and mountains. Although I do love nature, I declined the invitation almost immediately. Due to my very reserved and introverted nature, I can't stand being around outgoing individuals for more than a couple hours at a time. But then all my friends began hounding me to attend their little weekend getaway. After tolerating their pestering for over a week, I finally agreed only to shut them up. However, I then discovered there would be an additional 11 people coming. The only friends I know that are going are Madge, Gale, Finnick, Annie, Johanna, and Blight (whom I rarely ever speak to, only knowing him due to his relationship with Jo. The other 5 people will be complete strangers. Why should I suffer for 3 hell-bent days just to please a few acquaintances? But I already promised Finnick I would come, and he has already made all the living arrangements for us. It would be unfair to ask for a rain-check when it's the day of. Despite this, I still ended up calling Finnick this morning to convince him to postpone it for another weekend, but like Madge, he insisted I could handle a bit of snow. We exit the elevator and walk to the main doors. The atrium is silent, not a single student found lounging in the open space. Near the benches, a small Chritsmas tree decorated with red and gold ornaments is set up. There are colourful light strewn on the walls, illuminating the atrium and offering a festive feel. The fireplace near the worn-out leather sofas is adorned with pine and ornaments. "Festive," I mumble as I scan the premises. In five days, I will be returning to my hometown to celebrate the holidays with my mother and my sister, Prim. In all honesty, I don't care much for Christmas and I treat it like any other day. However, I can't help the giddy feeling of meeting Prim again. As soon as we pull the doorknob, we are met with an unwelcome blow of snow. The wind slams into our faces, and we have to squint to see the horror ahead of us. Bucketfuls of snow is piling onto the ground; it is a complete white-out. I cannot imagine how difficult it would be to drive in these conditions. "You still wanna go?" I ask. Madge rolls her eyes and marches onto the street. I begrudgingly follow her in suit. "Katniss, hurry. Jo and Annie are waiting for us to pick them up," she tells me as she waits for me to take a seat in her old Mazda. It takes nearly 15 minutes for the car to warm up. We are rubbing our gloved hands vigorously, trying to retain the little heat the friction offers. Once we deem the car ready to drive, Madge starts up the car and we exit the parking lot. Madge has to set the windshield-wipers on full speed due to the rapid falling of snowflakes. Fortunately for us, the roads are vacant. Although we have to drive very slowly, we are comfortable knowing we won't be stuck in traffic. Eventually, we reach Johanna and Annie's apartment complex. I give Jo a quick call to come outside. "Why is it so fucking dull in here?" Jo huffs as she slams the car-door shut. Annie comes from the other side of the car, and settles herself on the seat. She bids a hello as she wears her seat-belt."We're going on vacation, for god's sake. We're not going to a funeral." "Tell Katniss that," Madge says with a chuckle. She turns the steering wheel, and we merge onto the highway. "She spent the entire day sulking and trying to convince me to let her stay at home." I groan. "Why do you guys even want me to come?" Annie laughs lightheartedly. "Because we want you to enjoy life for once, Katniss. You have no excuse not-" "I actually have plenty," I interrupt. "Anyway," she continues, "You're finished with college for three weeks. You can't spend three days just relaxing with us?" "Hey, brainless," Jo says. "Maybe we can actually hook you up with a guy. Finn invited a bunch of his friends, and some of them might be hot." Jo, Annie and Madge laugh as I sink into my chair. They know how much I despise dating. I haven't gone out with a boy since Gale asked me out for junior prom. Back then, Gale supposedly had a crush on me. However, I did not reciprocate his feelings, which strained our simple friendship greatly. I only agreed to go out with him because I felt guilty for breaking his heart numerous times. Eventually, Gale finally realised we just didn't work as a couple. Now, he and Madge are together like peas in a fucking pod. It is far more comfortable to be in the same room as Gale now, and we can finally be just friends. "I don't date," I mutter. In my opinion, dating is just a waste of time. There's no point in getting attached to someone who will eventually leave you with a broken heart. That's what happened to Mother. After Father died in a car accident, Mother fell into a deep depression. She left my little sister and I to fend for ourselves in the ripe ages of 7 and 11. I had to bring food to the table, clothe my sister and I, and make ourselves presentable so we can attend school. Over time, Mother came back to us. But things were never be the same again. "I heard of a really cute blonde guy that might be coming," Jo says. "I think his name is Peter or something." I turn my head to sneer at Johanna. Her dark eyes are lit up with amusement, waiting for me to respond. "I don't care," I spit. "Katniss, we're not saying you to date the first guy you see. We're just encouraging you to open up more," Madge says. Her blue eyes are fixated at the long road ahead of us, but they flicker over once to look at me. I remain silent for the rest of the road-trip. I am convinced that the GPS must be outdated as it seems we were in the middle of nowhere. The wind blows stronger than ever before, and I am paranoid that it might toss our car over. We are surrounded by trees, and the road we are driving has pot-holes. And there's no streetlights; the only thing giving off any light are those worthless reflective traffic signs. On top of that, we can't see anything beyond two metres even in hyper-beam. But luckily for us, we haven't seen a single car since an hour, so we have no worries of getting into a collision. "Jo, how far are we from our destination?" Annie asks before yawning. We have been taking turns driving, and now it's Johanna's turn. "Only a kilometre left," Johanna grunts. "No offence Madge, but I don't trust your GPS," I mutter. "Where the hell did Finnick book this cottage any way? It's so secluded from the rest of the city." "I was telling him to book the one in Montana," Annie says, baring her annoyance. "Apparently it belongs to his friend's father." It's more of a mansion than a cottage. It is two stories high and quite wide, surrounded by pine trees and hills covered in a blanket of snow. The windows emit a warm glow of orange, signifying that the cottage is occupied. However, there is a tall, extravagant gate that prevents our entrance into the residence. Jo drives up to the buzzer, and she rolls down her window to press the button. We hear a gruff 'hello' from the other side, to which Jo immediately screams 'let us the fuck in'. A few moments pass before the gates are automatically opened. My eye catches Finnick's truck parked in the long driveway, along with a few other sedans positioned behind it Fortunately, we're not the last to arrive. Jo drives along and takes her spot beside Finn's vehicle. "Let's get this party started," Jo says, putting the car into park. I turn off the heating and pull my coat over my shoulders, expecting a blast of cold as soon as I open the door. And as expected, once we step out of the car, we are crossing our arms over our chests and huddling together. We trek through the thick snow, and then climb the steps while holding onto