SHADOW'S REBELLION CHAPTER 1: I HAVE A VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY ELENI Thursday, June 23 rd , 2033 Today had been the last day of testing for the end of my sophomore year. It was also my sixteenth birthday. After I got out from my last test, my mom and I were going to go out to a restaurant to celebrate. Mom even said my dad, who I hadn't seen since my last birthday, just like every year, was going to meet us there. So it was an understatement to say I was relieved when I left Goode High School. I would have to catch the bus to ride home, seeing as the school buses weren't running and my mom wrecked her car in a mysterious accident last month and the insurance didn't pay to replace it. We barely had enough money as it was, so my mom wasn't able to buy a new one. The air was hot and humid as I stepped outside, and glancing up at the sky, I saw that heavy storm clouds had gathered over the course of the few hours I had been inside. Great… they looked like thunderstorm clouds. I hated lightning so much… Thunder I could handle, but lightning? I just hoped I could get home before it started raining. Shivering a little despite the humidity, I adjusted my purse over my shoulder and started walking. The sidewalk was surprisingly empty, though I guessed it was because of everyone heading inside because of the incoming storm. In a few minutes, I reached the bus stop. There was already someone waiting there. Trying to avoid eye contact, I hastily moved to the other side of the stop. It would have been less awkward if it wasn't a boy who looked around my age. But he wasn't familiar—not someone from Goode. He was tall, probably only a couple inches shy from six foot. But he was kind of gangly, having that look that said I just had a growth spurt . His jet black hair was shaggy and sort of messy, and his eyes were bright electric blue. He was wearing a black shirt under a short sleeved white button up shirt, jeans, and black and blue sneakers. A bronze chain with a lightning bolt hung around his neck. I tried to avoid eye contact, but looking at him when he happened to look at me was not helping. Ugh, bus please come faster! This was awkward . At least he wasn't trying to talk to me. Thunder boomed in the distance, but closer than I expected. For some reason, the boy let out an exasperated sigh, looking up towards the sky. He muttered something under his breath that sounded like, "Of all days to throw a fit, Dad..." I had to have misheard him. There was no way his father had anything to do with the weather. I wondered if Mom would even want to go out now… She never took me out when it was thunderstorming. I always figured it was because of my fear. Then I spotted someone else walking down the sidewalk. It was another boy, but I vaguely recognized him from school. He had been in one of my tests today, but I couldn't remember his name for the life of me. But then, for some reason, the strange boy with me stiffened, his hand darting up to finger his necklace. I frowned, wondering what the problem was. Did they know each other? The other boy tilted his head, a sinister smirk forming on his lips. Um… that was weird- "Get down!" the dark-haired boy shouted right as a bolt of electricity blasted from the other boy's finger. I barely had time to duck down as the lightning bolt struck the back of the bus stop, ripping it right off the pavement and sending it flying right into the street. There was screeching from tires behind me as vehicles tried to swerve to avoid hitting it. Oh my god —I was frozen, my hands clamped over the sides of my head from when I ducked. What… What was that thing?! There was no longer a human boy standing a few yards away, but some kind of… creature . It was shaped like a boy, with smoky wings coming out of its back and eyes sparking with voltage. "An Anemoi Thuellai ..." The black-haired boy was suddenly in front of me, now holding a bronze spear in his hand. "What are you doing here? Who put you up to this?" "She should not exist," the monster, the Anemone-whatever, hissed. "Well, you know what? You shouldn't exist either." He then hurled his spear at the monster. The weapon pierced right through it, and the next thing I knew, it screeched in pain and dissolved into dust. The spear hit the sidewalk once it was gone. That.. That was… fast… "Are you all right?" I glanced up to see that the boy had turned back around to face me. I stared at him for a moment, still very confused and frightened by what just happened. "...I'm fine." He let out a sigh of relief, a smile forming on his lips. "Good! Here, let me help you up." He held out his hand, and I accepted it after a moment, letting him pull me up onto my feet. I looked around, seeing all the aftermath clear as day. The street was in chaos, and sirens were wailing. People were shouting at each other, saying something about a teenager with a gun. That made no sense. No one had any guns! But before I could say anything, he looked back at me. "We have to get out of here. The Mist is covering everything up, but the cops may think we're the criminals. And I don't need my mom bailing me out again." "...Wait, what ? I have no idea what's going on!" I took a step back, my hands clenching into fists at my sides. "Who even are you?!" His eyes widened. "Oh crap, I didn't even introduce myself. I'm Lee. I'm, uh… a demigod. And if that Anemoi Thuellai was after you, you're probably a demigod too." "Are you crazy?! " I demanded incredulously. "You expect me to actually believe that? Okay, Mr. Demigod , which god is your parent?" He grimaced, reaching up to run a hand through his hair. "...Zeus." As soon as he said that, thunder boomed and a wicked bolt of lightning zigzagged through the sky. I jumped nervously, whipping around towards where it came from, accidentally taking a step back again and nearly bumping into Lee. "My dad is angry for some reason," he said as I quickly moved away again. "I… have a bad feeling about this. If that Anemoi Thuellai —er, storm spirit —tried to kill you, your family may be in danger." My eyes widened. "My mom—she's home alone, waiting for me to get back! We were supposed to go out and meet with my dad… to celebrate my birthday." His eyes widened too. "It's your birthday? Well, happy birthday… uh..." "Eleni," I sighed. "My name is Eleni." "Right. Eleni." He frowned. "You're supposed to meet your dad? Gods, this could be why Zeus is angry. We need to get to your mom ASAP-" He was cut off by familiar barking. Turning around, I saw none other than my black German Shepherd, Misty, tearing towards us. We got her as a puppy for my sixth birthday—a gift from my dad. He wanted us to have a guard dog to protect us. Growing up, I never understood why my dad couldn't just marry my mom. He still took care of us and visited every year, but… I felt cheated. But if my dad was a god… it suddenly made sense. "Misty!" I gasped, a million questions running through my head. Why was she here? Was something wrong at home? How did she even find me? Oh no… did something happen to Mom?! "Wh-Whoa!" Lee exclaimed as Misty jumped up on me and I began to pet her. "Where did you get that?!" "What are you talking about?" I looked over at him after scratching my dog's ear. "This is Misty, my dog." "You… You have a pet hellhound? " I gave him a weird look. "She's a German Shepherd. My dad gave her to me for my sixth birthday." "Uh… I hate to break it to you..." Lee said slowly. "But that's not a German Shepherd." Frowning in confusion, I looked back down at Misty. Her appearance seemed to ripple, and suddenly, standing before me was no longer the German Shepherd I knew and loved. She was now a mastiff the size of a grizzly bear, with thick, shaggy black fur and glowing red eyes. Somehow, the pink collar around her neck still fit, with the silver heart-shaped tags hanging from it. Everything Lee had told me… had to be true. I covered my mouth with my hands. Oh my god… I mean gods … Why did this all have to happen today of all days?! "M-Misty… is something wrong?" I asked. "Did Mom send you to find me?" The hellhound barked, and it was so loud the ground shook. She turned around and started heading back down the sidewalk, before pausing and looking back at us. "We need to hurry," Lee said, and I noticed his necklace was back around his neck, and the spear he had had disappeared. "Lead the way to your place, Eleni." I don't think I ever ran as fast as I did while following Misty to our apartment. By the time we got there, I was sweating and breathing heavily. I wasn't used to exerting myself. Our apartment was actually part of row of townhouses owned by the same land lord. They were near the hospital my mom worked at as a nurse. Ours was the first on the right side of the row. As soon as I saw that the front door was wide open, I was stricken with panic. Misty and Lee followed me as I scaled the front steps and rushed in. I was sort of questioning how she fit in here, but Misty went ahead of me, so I went after her. I was guessing she would take me to Mom. She led me to the kitchen, and there she was, tending to what looked like a gash on her upper arm. "Mom!" I exclaimed, a wave of relief rushing through me. My mom was still fairly young for having a teenage daughter. She, after all, was only a college student when she had me. Her name was Korina Spiros, and she was the daughter of Greek immigrants. Because of this, she look very Greek—a trait I had inherited from her. She had thick, curly dark brown hair she usually wore in a bun, light brown skin, and dark brown eyes flecked with green that you could only notice up close. She was all dressed to go out, wearing that pretty black dress she bought about a week ago with the late birthday money her parents sent her. She was beautiful, which brought her more trouble than good. I admired my mom so much for everything she did. Mom looked over at the sound of me calling to her. "Eleni! Thank the gods you found her, Misty!" Her voice had a clear Greek accent, despite being born and raised in America. It was from growing up in Astoria, Queens, which some call New York's Little Greece . "Oh, you're… Wait… You're a demigod, aren't you?" Lee's eyes widened as he realized she was addressing him. "Y-Yes, ma'am! I killed the storm spirit that attacked Eleni. I'm Lee." Mom sighed, but finished wrapping the bandage around her arm before continuing. "I was afraid this would happen… Thank you Lee, for saving my daughter." "Mom… what happened ?" I asked. She winced. "I was attacked by a storm