Warning, this is another one of my 2 a.m endeavors. It's short and thankfully I had the common sense to wait until morning to actually post it. Day Dreamers Ophelia The answer came to him unintentionally. Just as he was mulling and praying for a proper answer. His pencil tapping nervously against the desk while his hand buried from frustration in thick dark locks. The black words on the page swam and swapped liquidly, sometimes floating away as if they were soaring up to his emerald eyes. Ophelia, Hamlet's lover, ends up going insane by the end of the play. She drowns herself. Percy blinked in confusion. Hovering his pencil over the page uncertainly. Those words, that thought. It just wasn't his. It was a feminine voice. Smooth and elegant while very focused. Somehow clearly spoken in his mind like something had answered his prayers to bring up his English mark. Of course Hamlet's Stepfather/ Uncle/ King murdered Hamlet's father with poison to the ear. But is the question asking about where or when? There it was again. The voice. Not only in his head but answering question six. He wasn't even on question six. Heck, he wasn't even done looking over the test. What the hell?! Percy reacted internally. Knowing the punishments for disrupting a test. A few desks in front of himself, Annabeth flinched in shock. Sun dosing her curls in gold as she turned around warily to shoot him a bewildered look. Percy?! ANNABETH?! How? What? Is that really you?! Wisegirl, i'd be a bit weirded out if it wasn't me. As if you're not weirded out now Seaweed Brain? How is this evening happening?! You're the smart one here! Doesn't mean I know everything! Well you should! looked up from his desk and cocked an eye at the staring contest going on between them. Suggestively he cleared his throat as a warning. Annabeth swiveled back in her chair with an apologetic shrug and set her gorgeous grey eyes back on the page. Nevermind Perce, we'll figure this out later. I need to finish this test. ARE YOU CRAZY?! What? Heelloooo, we are communicating with our mother fudgin MINDS! Percy nearly snorted to himself. That Annabeth. Even in a situation like this, she was determined to get a good grade on her test. Ignoring the fact that they were going against scientific law. Seaweed Brain. I said we'll discuss this later. This test mark needs to bring me up a percent if I'm ever going to impress the suitable universities. Percy rolled his eyes and puffed some air out of his cheeks in exasperation. You've got like a 98 in this class! And still room for improvement! Annabeth retorted with a hint of agitation. So please, let me finish it! Fine, but we are totally talking about this during your spare. For the most part, Percy distracted Annabeth. His ADHD mind commenting on the way Travis was slouching and how bad that was for circulation, how the projects pinned to the cream brick walls were crooked and messy, wondering who made the lightbulbs in the ceiling and how much they were paid to make them. But no complaints were even thought of. Percy focused enough to listen in on most of the answers Annabeth conjured up. Answers that would probably give him a wonderful score. When he started thinking how thrilled his mother would be he could practically hear Annabeth rolling her hurricane eyes. Her mind buzzing with comments too quick to grasp. It was when they were released from english class and into the crazy frenzy hallway that Annabeth grabbed his hand tenderly and shot him a serious look. Come on, parking lot. It wasn't a full thought. But somehow, Percy could see the parking lot in his mind's eye. Knowing exactly where his best friend wanted him to go. And so he went. Following obediently while trying to rein down the thoughts and imaginations of what she might say to him alone. What he hoped she'd say at least. She sees one of my day dreams and I'm a dead duck. Which one of your day dreams? Annabeth's curious voice nosed back into his mind. Percy's neck bristled while sweat gathered at the base of his neck. Er... nothing. He was able to battle down the ideas of Annabeth's hand snaking around his neck. Of him pushing her against the lockers passionately and kissing her slowly. Her complying. Thank heavens he didn't think of those hour long thought of daydreams still locked in his mind. Humiliation is what he would be forced to deal with if she caught even the slightest whiff of those. The breeze outside was cool and a tad bristly. Hinting at the winter facing them ahead. Oranges, reds, yellows were meshed and woven into the foliage of the leaves that rippled in each lashing of the wind. Waving and shivering at him while the crunchy brown leaves already littering the ground danced and twirled in the unseen force. Scratching against the pavement with a rustle of dry sounds. It was a beautiful day out. The sun bearing down through the puffy white clouds that blotted the sky artfully. Radiating off Annabeth's curls that swayed and tugged with each gust as he followed her mesmerized. With wonderment Percy couldn't help but imagine what it would feel like to run his hand through those luscious locks, how soft they would feel on his fingertips. Annabeth stopped short, only to spin around on her heels and stare at him accusatively. "Did you just think of running your clumsy hands through my hair." It was a statement rather than a question. Heat bloomed on his cheeks. Obviously a vigorous shade of red had overtaken his face as he glared at the crisp grass in a pout. With his hands shoved deep into his pockets sheepishly, Percy shrugged. "Is it my fault that your hair looks soft?" he huffed without meeting her gaze. The idiotic blush on his face refusing to cease. Annabeth rolled her eyes while crossing her arms over her stomach. "That's like thieves blaming the bank sign for their robbery." "But I only thought it." Percy defended weakly while seating himself on the curb with a groan. Briskly, Annabeth plopped in beside him. "I guess." she relented. At least she doesn't suspect. He could refrain from thinking in relief. Suspect what? Her mind voice startling him half to death. Percy just wanted to wither up and die. At this rate, Annabeth would know by the end of the day. How many times a day did he just think of her? Thought about her laugh and smile? Her eyes, her lips? Sometimes he just couldn't get her out of his mind. She was just too… perfect. Nothing Annabeth. Percy groaned internally while shooting her a dying look. Y'know. She met his gaze out the corners of her eyes. A suspicious glint in her grey orbs. I have reasons to believe that you're trying to hide something from me. Percy chuckled nervously while scratching the back of his neck. "That's ridiculous… now uh.. Why are we out here again?" his attempt at the change of subject was met with a pair of skeptical eyes. Annabeth let it pass. "Do you have the slightest idea on how this happened?" Percy shook his head dubiously. "Like I said earlier. You're the smart one." "You never said that Seaweed Brain." Annabeth corrected with a mellow sigh. "You thought it. Besides what could we have done to brought this on? How are we doing it? This?!" she gestured between them widely. The neurological structure of our brain makes this impossible. Unless their was some sort of physical connection between each organism that was composed of some sort of neuron chain. But seeing as there is none this is not only a medical mystery but a miraculous event. Her mind babbled on thoughtfully. Percy blinked at her a little perplexed. English please? Nevermind that now Perce. Should we tell someone? Maybe a doctor can do something? "No!" Percy automatically verbally expressed. His dislike for doctors shining through. "Besides, who would believe us? This has probably never happened before." "Telepathic Communication." Annabeth muttered. "I suppose you're right." "Well that's a first." Annabeth shoved him playfully. "You have your moments, ya goof." she chortled. Percy attempted to hide his bashful blush. "Well uh, ya… I guess." "Should we tell our friends? Maybe they could help?" she suggested with a doleful look of her big grey eyes. Percy swallowed. "Would they even believe us? They'd probably think I looped you into a practical joke or something." Annabeth groaned and rested her head on her palms. "Then what can we do?" Don't think. Percy was chanting in his head. Don't think, don't think, don't think. Don't think of what? Annabeth looked at him startled. Percy opened and closed his mouth like a brainless fish. "Euh…. just don't think?" he managed to make its seem like a suggestion. Really he was desperately trying to keep his mind blank. To not think about anything Annabeth, because sooner or later his teenaged boy head was going to think something that Annabeth would look at him oddly for. Or just plain figure out his heart wrenching crush on her. "Why not think?" Annabeth raised an eyebrow, looking unimpressed. "That's all I ever do." "Because…. Because…. If we both try and think at the same time it's going to get awfully loud in both of our brains." It's like a telephone line. Annabeth sounded like she just realized this. Even if we try talking to different people at the same time we'll get muddled and confused. Our brains just don't have the functionality to comprehend more than one line of waves at a time. In fact this could render us to become useless, our only capability being able to give our attention to only the other person's thoughts. I won't be able to talk to anyone with your thoughts buzzing in my head! Percy nodded as if he understood everything that she said when really his eyes were already starting to glass over. "So one of us needs to just not think at all." Percy concluded. "So the other person can get at least some things done." That's going to be basically impossible with Percy's ADHD and my overly active brain. "Sure." Annabeth apparently opted to say instead. Smirking at her slyly, Percy clucked his tongue. "Ah ah ah Annabeth. You think it's impossible." "This is going to be hell." she muttered as her lie was uncovered. He'll literally know everything! Ooohhh what is this 'everything' you're thinking about? Percy grinned at her mischievously. Annabeth pursed her lips as a cherry blossom blush seeped into her skin and glowed prominently. "Nothing." she said defensively. Her voice nearly squeaking in the cutest way. Percy wiggled his eyebrows suggestively. "Ooohh. I'm sure it's something." Perseus Jackson, you wouldn't want me probing you for answers. This is already an invasion of privacy as it is. Uh oh, full name. She must be serious. Percy teased with his signature smirk. Annabeth sent him a scowl that could freeze fire. Not funny Percy. She deadpanned. Now can we at least set some rules down for this weird phenomenon happening to us? Percy nodded in all seriousness. Alright he agreed. What rules did you have in mind? No questioning or judging eachother's thoughts. Annabeth declared immediately. No teasing each other about the thoughts they have and no telling anyone else about the thoughts they have. Got it? Annabeth tilted her eyebrows at him earnestly. Percy nodded. Satisfied, Annabeth stood up and brushed off her jeans. "I'm driving home. No use staying for spare. You better get to Math." "And get executed by the Dodds." He grunted, already accepting his fate. "Well have fun with that." Annabeth waved even though Percy could tell that she was mentally laughing at him. Percy watched her walk towards her