Revenge Annabeth smiled to herself feeling the same tingling sensation in her lower abdomen as the thought about it reappeared in her brain. She and Percy were finally going to have a baby. They had been trying ever since they got married two years ago hoping and praying that they would one day finally have a child to love and teach. As Annabeth pulled into their driveway and hopped out of the car excitedly she approached the front door and she tried to wipe the smile off her face, expertly mastered the calm looked before entering the front door of the small blue house. "Percy I'm back" she yelled out and headed toward the kitchen struggling to keep a straight face. Percy appeared around the corner holding a peeled banana in one hand and a pair of swim shorts in the other looking as dashing and cute as ever. "Hey hon," Percy smiled and planted a sweet kiss on her forehead. She looked quizzically at the odd choice of objects in his grip. Percy caught on "Oh I was hungry" Percy paused and bit the banana " and Oi wuz goin to goo voluntier too teach swumming lesuns this afternoun" He finished with his mouth full. Annabeth smiled and walked past him into the living room while he followed finishing the Banana and putting the trunks on a chair. "So how was the doctor's appointment?" he asked casually while plunking down in one of the lazy chairs. Annabeth pretended to wither a bit and look shaken "they uh they" she stuttered. Percy sat forward and looked at her with worry "is anything the matter?" he asked softly yet calm. Annabeth shook her head covering her mouth with a hand to mask her smile and gave a fake sniff "Percy, they discovered a growth on me today" The color drained from Percy's face and his mouth opened "Oh Annabeth this is dreadful, awful. Is it Cancer? a Tumour or a Cyst? this is terrible" Percy stood up and pulled her up into a hug and she noticed the slight tremble in his body. She had to let it out she couldn't contain it anymore "No, No Percy" sobbed happily this time as a few gleeful tears pricked her eyes "We can finally use that extra room we bought this house for. We can finally fulfill our dream! Percy I'm Pregnant. That growth is a baby, a tiny baby. Percy we're going to have a baby!" Percy's breath hitched and he stumbled back into the chair staring at Annabeth mouth agape. Annabeth just looked back at him gleaming while the happy tears glistened on her cheeks. Percy grabbed the arm rests and breathed heavily "what?" he said hoarsely "We're going to have a baby" she repeated through the massive smile. Percy jumped up and gave her a kiss that she was sure tickled the baby with the amount of giddy butterflies in her stomach while intertwining his hands with hers. When they parted both gasping for air Percy grinning madly at her and Annabeth staring into his sea green pools. "We gotta tell every one, Mom and the rest of the seven and your brothers. Baby names we need baby names also you being the archaeologist of Olympus the baby's going to have an awesome room and-" "Percy" Annabeth cut in calmly but still smiling "in time, the baby's not coming until 9 months from now so in July" Percy sighed "too long" he whispered .o0O0o. Annabeth sat at the kitchen table while light flooded in from the window making her cascading golden curls glow like they were part of the sun. She opened a fresh new page to her Baby diary passing many pages filled with writing and dipped her calligraphy pen in the flask drenching the tip. Month 2 ⅓ You're just starting to show, a little bump in the middle of my stomach, I had to go out and purchase maternity clothes today. The lady at the shop showed me so many clothing items. But that's the least of what's happening concerning you. We decided to tell our friends and family about you yesterday at the brunch we had with your grandparents and uncles Bobby and Matthew and the 7 and Calypso. Oh how I thought about what you would be like when I saw Hazel and Frank's toddler ,Sammy, and Jason and Piper's 20 month old daughter, Silena. When we told the news Leo being Leo spewed coffee all over Jason resulting in a laughing Piper. Tomorrow is the day me and Dad will have a painter come in and paint a Greek landscape on the walls of her room. I have your room already painted a light robin blue and white billowing clouds have been sponged on the top portion of the walls. My darling even though the world is wrought with monsters know one thing. Your father and I will do anything to protect you, we faced Tartarus once and we'd be willing to do it again if it meant saving you. Much love xoxo Mom .o0O0o. "Next" the bored Nurse called out to the customers eagerly waiting for their turn. Annabeth closed the magazine and placed it neatly on the table beside her poking Percy in the shoulder to wake him up "our turn" she hissed in his ear. Percy groggily sat up and wiped the drool off his chin with the back of his hand following Annabeth into the dark room. "Good morning" a wrinkled old doctor in a turquoise outfit smiled cheerfully at them. Annabeth smiled back "lovely day" she answered "Lets get started. Lie down please on the bed here" he said gesturing over to the hospital bed. Annabeth crawled on and flipped on her back and exposed her belly from under her shirt. Soon Annabeth was hooked up to the ultrasound machine. The Doctor hit a switch a soft quick ba-boom ba- boom filled and echoed around the room. Annabeth's breath hitched "is that the baby's heartbeat?" Percy asked softly in awe. A smile crossed the old Doctors face as a black and white image appeared on the screen "yes that's her heart beat" he answered. Annabeth's face lit up "it's a girl?" she asked. The doctor nodded "Yes and she has a strong heart and healthy as far as I can see, a beautiful baby" Percy smirked "gets it from her father no doubt" Annabeth rolled her eyes "seaweed brain" she murmured happily. The Doctor showed the positioning of the baby and Annabeth almost cried from joy seeing her child on the screen for the first time. .o0O0o. Annabeth found herself back at the kitchen table with the Baby diary and calligraphy pen again making sure to note every detail in the happening. Month 5 ⅘ Today we went for your ultrasound. The Doctor said you were a beautiful healthy baby. A girl! you're our little daughter. I heard your heartbeat for the first time and I was proud at how strong you sounded, just like your father. We threw a few names around the car on the way home and frankly I was too happy to argue with you stubborn Dad. Dad wanted Jessica or Amber I wanted something more Greek related like Zoe or Helen after Zoe Nightshade and Helen of Troy. Whatever your name will be I'm sure you'll like it or at least I hope so. I know for sure that as soon as you come you'll be spoiled as ever from your father. Since your birthday will be in July we planned our vacation this summer. Two weeks after your born we'll be heading off to Camp Jupiter to relax around the city and show you what your life is going to be like. Another reason why we are bringing you there is that your scent is going to be so strong that we need to help protect you and what better way then surround ourselves in demigods? We decided that when you're old enough we'll send you to camp half-blood for summer camp and when you're even older you'll go to camp Jupiter's University. I know I know a bit rushed, you're not even here and yet we are planning your university years. But your getting bigger and bigger by the day. You're already like a cantaloupe perched on me and I must be honest its rather exhausting to do the things I used to. I keep finding myself in your room wondering what it is going to be like having a baby to care for and nurture, to put to bed and feed. Just know that Daddy and I can hardly wait for you! Much Love xoxo Mom .o0O0o. Percy stood on the shopping cart and pushed on the floor rocketing down the aisles as Annabeth followed rolling her eyes at her husbands childish behavior. "Percy Jackson!" she yelled menacingly. He stopped and turned around "Yes Mrs. Jackson" he answered with fake accent "stop acting like the 4 year old you are at heart and get to the baby section. The rooms not going to furnish itself" Percy saluted and marched down the aisle shopping cart in hand "Target acquired!" he called out. Annabeth sighed then walked into the section heading straight for the cribs. She examined all the brand names, the type of wood, the durability of the legs. She finally decided on a white varnished wood crib with sides that pushed down when the two buttons on the sides were clicked which would be enormously helpful in the toddler years. "Percy" she turned to find him carry a large box to the cart "baby dresser" he said strained. She frowned and looked over the box noticing that it was made from the same company as the crib and it was also white varnished. Annabeth smiled "you found the matching dresser to this crib I wanna get" she said excitedly. Percy smiled "I know, I saw your face as you overlooked the crib" Percy looked around "there must be a matching changing table somewhere" Annabeth rested a hand on her stomach "Percy! we can put that blue and white blanket Sally knitted for us in the crib beside the baby blue teddy Piper dug up for us!" Percy smiled happy that they were keeping the blue everything joke running in the family. Annabeth smiled too "I can't wait until she here" Annabeth whispered and lightly pecked Percy on the lips. .o0O0o. Month 8 Your coming next month! everything is laid out and waiting for you! Your room was finished right down to the toy chest and book shelf for future years with you! The doctors say you're the strongest baby they've ever seen and healthy. Hopefully one day you'll be reading this and we'll be remembering the gloomy time before you came. Your Uncles are excited to meet you and so are your loving grandparents who will all be waiting in the waiting room until you come. Your Grandma Sally bought you a deluxe baby bath seeing as you're the grandchild of Poseidon, Dad got super excited over the bath. Luckily no monsters we're able to scathe me these past few days thanks to your Dad, because of your accommodation I barely have the mobility to swing a sword. We replanned what we are doing this summer with you. Because the monsters found me and Percy and want revenge for us saving Olympus twice they constantly come. They come as the pizza delivery guy, one of our doctors, the doorman anyone just to attack us and to my terror they aim at me because of you. They want your blood to get revenge on your father and I so we decided that a week after your birth we are going to camp half-blood for a week then Camp Jupiter for another week. Leo and Calypso just announced their engagement! They declared that they are going to be married next July around the