MUGGLE AT LARGE +- Author's Foreword -+ TRIGGER WARNINGS: gore, language This canon-compliant adventure explores the universe of Harry Potter, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them , and the lore of Pottermore. Despite the temporarily misleading use of 'Muggle' in the title, this story begins in the United States . It will not stay confined to the United States, but the first few chapters will take place there. For anyone " on-the-fence " regarding this story, I strongly recommend reading through at least the second chapter . Action , and plot pacing will increase with each chapter, as the bland world becomes more magical. Character backstories will unravel slowly, as the story progresses, but I encourage readers to imagine their own backstories, if desired. More than anything, this story is an exploration of what happens when one of us "muggles" (or "No-Maj") encounters J.K. Rowling's magical Harry Potter universe. Lex has plenty of personality, but she's still our conduit. One ~ Of Pumpkins Predictability Alexandra Austin began the thirteenth of October with the distinct lack of vigor that marked every day, as far as she was concerned. Briskly exiting through the North entrance of Avalon Lofts, a conveniently located downtown apartment complex with about as much in common with King Arthur's Camelot as a conclave of tyrannical penguins, Alexandra or Lex, as she preferred, plodded thirteen feet down 13th Street and through the front doors of her regular coffee shop. She knew of at least three other coffee shops within a single block and had considered patronizing one of these other entirely equivalent establishments instead, if for no other reason than to break up the monotony that had become her life. However, what would be the point? She reasoned that an overpriced coffee from the coffee shop on the corner of 13th and Elm would be just as mediocre and overpriced when purchased from the identical store on the corner of 14th and Birch. Liquid consumption, like everything else in her life, had become completely redundant. Approximately seven minutes after entering the shop, Lex stepped onto 13th Street once more, allowing the door to slam shut behind her with a predictable jingle. As she did practically every morning, Lex had ordered ahead to avoid standing idly any longer than was absolutely necessary, but Harold, an apparent new hire, had taken twice as long as necessary to make her the wrong order. After a mildly frustrating exchange in which they each competed to be the most agreeable about this coffee mishap, Harold finally allowed Lex to accept a nearly-scalding and ultimately free cup of Pumpkin Spice Latte. Lex gave him a 50-cent barista tip anyway. After all - it was her birthday. Sipping her latte slowly in order to avoid burning her tongue, Lex stood idly at the busy street corner. She stared so intently at the pedestrian crossing signal that an outside observer might have thought for all the world that the crossing signal's illuminated red hand was the most interesting thing in Lex's life. You see, Lex had developed an unhealthy habit of withdrawing from the world until the insistent world once again dragged her out of her reverie. Between point A and point B, Lex would escape into the numerous fantastical stories within her head, only resurfacing when some course-correction or mindless social interaction was needed. Indeed, at some point, the worlds within her had become more rewarding than the world without… She hadn't always been so detached from reality, of course. Once upon a time, Lex had been arrogant and proud, with a talent to back it up. She had been raised to believe in the spectacular rewards that hard work and genius might provide, and, more importantly, she had been raised to believe that it all mattered . Her father had once remarked that she had a 'mind like a bulldog,' because when she a had a goal in mind, she latched on and wouldn't let go. No one said that about her anymore. As her thoughts lazily wandered back into more realistic territories, she mused over her current mental state. When had she become this zombie? When did life become this bleak, bland haze? Her thoughts quickly spiraled downward into an abyss of hopelessness. She thought of all the illusions that had crumbled and all the nightmares that had taken their place. More than anything she wanted something to believe in again. There has to be something more than this. A fleeting moment of pain struck her as she thought of all she had lost. Please, let there be something more , she cried soundlessly. She imagined the plea being released from her aching chest, flung through the atmosphere, and achieving escape velocity only to forever drift through the endless universe beyond. A plea… Almost like a prayer… Lex thought but quickly swatted that analogy aside. Spirituality was yet another casualty of her tortured existence - and, for God's sake, she didn't even know if she had a soul! Her face contorted as she held back tears. Any passerby would have simply assumed that she found her Pumpkin Spice Latte distasteful rather than her own existential ignorance of the meaning of life. Ugh - she'd only been waiting a few minutes for the traffic lights to change, and already she was lost in her inner anguish! This is why Alexandra Austin didn't idle any longer than necessary. This is why Alexandra Austin's mind was now less like a bulldog and more like the bulldog's tender chow. Lex had once believed that reality mattered and that she could change it, and then… reality bit back. At 9:13 AM on October 13, 2016, a young, lean, auburn-haired woman crossed Elm street as she begged the universe for, perhaps, the millionth time to let there be something more . And on that day, which she considered just as mundane and unfulfilling as the last, something spectacular happened… the universe answered. Mike Herrera began the thirteenth of October in a characteristic fit of rage. In fact, none of his acquaintances would have been surprised to see his glowering face speeding down Elm Street in his ruby red Ferrari, rudely gesturing at his fellow drivers as he committed at least 3 separate traffic violations. One police officer nearly flipped on her car siren, before recognizing the fuming man currently holding up a single, thick middle finger. Mike Herrera was not someone you messed with on a good day, and today was clearly not one of his good days. Wisely, the young officer quickly decided that dealing with Mike was not worth the relatively small monetary donation that a speeding ticket would raise for the police department. Thus, the officer rolled her police car back into the shadows of a small alley, which was perfect for ambushing unsuspecting vehicles, and returned her attention to her coffee, where she felt it most belonged. While savoring a sip of warm, velvety, caffeinated goodness, the officer justified her actions with the earnest thought Coffee doesn't cause migraines, but Mike Herrera certainly does ! Mike had received some rather unpleasant news just that morning. Apparently, his soon-to-be-ex-wife felt it was not enough to take a large sum of his income in the divorce settlement, but now he must also pay extra damages for alleged spousal abuse and infidelity. This did not sit well with Mike. There was nothing he hated more than being forced to take responsibility for something he didn't do - and Mike Herrera was never guilty. Flooring the gas pedal less than half-a-second after the traffic light turned green, Mike flew past the silent police car and across 12th Street. Though it shouldn't have been possible at his current speed, Mike somehow managed to sneer effectively at every worn urban building and its inhabitants. This neighborhood was not up-to-par with Mike's usual demanding standards, and he intended to make it known. In fact, the only reason Mike had graced a visit to this wretched place was to visit his soon-to-be-ex-mistress. After their rather violent spat this morning, he planned to have her evicted from the apartment he'd been renting for them. She had quite annoyingly blamed him for some grievance or another. What was wrong with everyone today? Everyone kept telling him to take responsibility, and, no, Mike Herrera did not do responsibility. So this is all the gratitude I get from those dirty hoes, Mike spat bitterly as he pumped hard on the gas pedal. WHAM! At 9:13 AM on October 13, 2016, an angry, albeit handsome, Panamanian man with a Bluetooth tanline accelerated straight over a young, lean, auburn-haired woman crossing Elm street as she begged the universe for, perhaps, the millionth time to let there be something more . Mike Herrera's engine idled for exactly three seconds, while an expression of bastardized fear and sympathy flitted across his features. This rare moment of concern plastered upon the face of a man, whom Alexandra Austin would, no doubt, dub 'completely predictable' lasted for exactly two seconds before Mike Herrera finally remembered the kind of day he was having. Mike decided that ' two bitches worth of problems ' was already enough, thank you very much. In fact, he had reached his quota for the foreseeable future, and, if there was one thing Mike Herrera knew, it was that he did not do responsibility. Mike sped away, Ferrari tires squealing, while clouds of muffler exhaust floated over the gruesome scene he left in his wake. Deep crimson pools of blood swirled into the scalding-hot puddle of mediocre Pumpkin Spice Latte splashed across the pavement. The gory mixture soaked into the broken woman's jagged bones, matted auburn hair, and torn golden skin, but little did Mike know that the universe had just granted him a supporting role in what was, perhaps, the most spectacular event of Alexandra Austin's soon-to-be spectacular life. Lex retained just enough mental awareness to silently observe through blurred vision, the stereotypical position in which she found herself. Hospital staff leaned over her, fussing as they anxiously wheeled her down a bland hospital corridor. Wheels squeaked over what was most likely linoleum flooring, while beige ceiling tiles flew by overhead, partially obscured by three masked people draped in mint green scrubs. A man in a white jacket hovered about her feet as he trotted after the cart on which she laid, periodically glancing down at a clipboard. "Let's see… Alexandra Austin… Oh, no! It's her birthday," a silky, male voice crooned. Despite the searing pain in what she could best identify as her "bones," Lex inwardly groaned at the man's comment. Was it ever a good day to get hit by a car? Gee, you see a broken, bleeding body and naturally the most disturbing part is that it's her birthday… By now Lex had grown accustomed to pain, but it had been quite awhile since she'd experienced pain so overwhelmingly physical. Agony enveloped her like a heavy blanket, and she felt that the most accurate description of her current sensory state would probably be "suffocating while traveling through a wood chipper." Meanwhile, amidst the background noise of the extremely-plain hospital, someone was gasping on loop. It was a horrible, desperate, sucking noise that she wished would stop immediately. However, about a minute later, she realized that the sucking someone was her. Lex's chest was shuddering uncontrollably against a plastic-wrapped cushion, the flimsy whooshing sound mingling in morbid symphony with her hyperventilation. Her body had seemingly abandoned her mind and taken on one of its own, but it didn't bother her quite as much as the growing numbness. Where her body wasn't screaming in terror, there was a cold absence spreading across her limbs. As the lack of feeling spread, the sensation of pain draining away with all the rest, her heart sunk in her crushed and flattened chest. Through some quirk of evolution, her body knew. It just knew - she was dying. Vaguely aware that the