The Chalice of Jade Sort of crossover between White Collar and Twilight. It is a White Collar story with the characters from Twilight stepping in. Timeline-wise, Twilight is after Book 3, White Collar is season 4 when Neal and Sara are back together. A surprise character will also step in.… Written by Arches67 and Yellowstone69. Our first fan-fiction together; please let us know what you think of it. Finally beta'd for English by The Fictionist Aura (thank you very much, this was long to read). Forks, Washington After the harsh times they had gone through, with Bella finally having chosen Edward over Jacob, life in Forks was peaceful again. The Cullen household was eerily quiet. Alice, Jasper, Rosalie and Emmett were traveling abroad, enjoying life. Carlisle and Esme remained there, ready to protect the humans if the vampires were to come again. Edward was enjoying Bella's presence again after all the difficulties they had gone through. That morning, Edward was playing the piano, finalizing a new melody for Bella; Esme was deeply involved in the plans of the house meant to be Edward and Bella's wedding present. Carlisle was in his office, busy sorting through papers and tidying up his countless books. The TV was set to CNN on low volume. Suddenly, the news report caught his attention. "Next July, New York will see the opening of an exceptional exhibition devoted to chalices..." The report went on. "One of the most startling pieces will probably be a surprising chalice of jade, found in Volterra, Italy, a few months ago. It is made.…" Carlisle wasn't listening anymore. Memories, buried deep in his mind, were rushing up as a giant tidal wave. One floor below, for the first time in over a hundred years, Edward lost his tune on the piano, overwhelmed by the strength of Carlisle's thoughts. They were puzzling, bringing forth a hope he had never envisioned in his wildest dreams. A few seconds later, he was in his father's office. "Carlisle, is it true? Could it be?" New York , 3 months later 'Chalices: Prayer and Power'. The banner was lightly waving in the morning's breeze. Neal glanced at it and entered the building. Saturday morning, he was enjoying his free time by visiting one of the museums within his radius. He had already seen them all since his release from prison, and he was glad for the new temporary exhibits. A two-mile radius didn't allow him to visit as many museums or galleries as he wished. Furthermore, some places were even banned unless he had a chaperone. Convincing Peter to take him to some exhibitions required more persuasion skills than even the greatest con man on earth possessed. This exhibition was devoted to chalices. The curator had gathered pieces from all over the world, thereby creating a varied patchwork of chalices that put forward the deep symbolism of the chalice since the first cup of the Christ. The cups were shown in glass cases. Some, hundreds of years old, were surprising in their sheer simplicity: plain religious objects, their sole value was their history. Others were real pieces of art, with precious gems worth a small fortune. Neal couldn't help glance at his anklet, almost expecting it to alert of his presence so close to such a fortune. ((Just a suggestion, you used fortune in the previous sentence- might want to look for a synonym)) His brain surveyed the room, the visitors, the guards. Without consciously realizing it, he was casing the place. He couldn't help it, it was second nature. Sometimes, he wasn't even aware he was doing it. That's why he was surprised by the behavior of a young man: he wasn't moving like the other visitors. He had gone through the exhibition, studying the pieces, and was now going back for the third time to the same chalice. Neal got closer. It was a chalice of jade. Carved from a single piece of jade, it was beautiful, and the craftsmanship incredible. It was a unique piece for sure, but not even close to some of the other cups as regarded value. He read the tag underneath the glass again. "JadeChalice – 12th century (?). Carved from a single piece of jade. Origins unknown. Inscription language unknown." "Now, that's mysterious," Neal murmured, glancing at his neighbor. They were alone by the chalice. Most of the visitors—still few on this opening day—were gathered by the most valuable pieces. "Hence its value," the stranger answered. Neal looked at him closely. He was very young, barely over eighteen, his skin surprisingly pale, his hair an unusual bronze color. He moved with an almost catlike grace.… "You seem knowledgeable," Neal started the conversation. This stranger intrigued him. Who wore a hooded sweat shirt in July in New York? His instinct was telling him he wasn't here just to admire the chalice. What intrigued him even more was that he couldn't pinpoint which of his instincts had just awoken: the criminal or the FBI consultant? "Chalices belong to the Christian sects. From the first cup of the Christ, which has never been recovered, men have been creating splendorous objects to honor their God. Personally, I find that some simple chalices are far more moving than the ones covered in gems.…" "Built to show the power of the church they belonged to. Religion has always been linked to power," Neal added. The stranger smiled. "Which makes this exhibition particularly interesting, gathering such different pieces." He extended his hand. "Edward Cullen." "Neal Caffrey," Neal answered, shaking the hand. They kept discussing the chalices. Neal soon realized that Edward avoided talking about the story of the jade chalice, yet he seemed to know a lot more than the few lines in the exhibition brochure. He promised himself to do some research. The object was quite interesting and Edward was even more fascinating. The young man was hiding something; Neal would have bet his treasure on it. After a last walk through the exhibition, they bid farewell and left the museum. Neal went back home for lunch and to enjoy his weekend. Sara was coming later; they had decided to have brunch together in Central Park on Sunday. He had the whole afternoon to research the chalice. Monday, FBI office Monday morning, Neal was sitting at his desk, finishing a report. Peter had been in a meeting since eight o'clock and Neal hadn't seen him yet. He raised his head when he heard some noise up the stairs and smiled when Peter waved to him. A friendly gesture, not the two-finger point: an invitation, not a summoning. He could go with his mind at peace… for now. Despite the years and the trust that they had established, Neal knew that he had enough hidden secrets to never be free from something coming up then being lectured thoroughly. Neal entered the agent's office and sat without waiting for an invitation. "Morning, Neal. You had a nice weekend?" Peter asked. A bit surprised by the opening, Neal opted for a polite answer. "Yes, thank you." "Did you see Sara?" Neal frowned, slightly ill at ease. Where did that particular interest in his private life come from? He hadn't done anything special; he had remained well within his radius, and the museum wasn't on the forbidden list. He racked his brain wondering where Peter was going with this. "Yes.…" He added then as an afterthought, "We actually had a picnic in Central Park on Sunday." Peter tried to hide a smile. "I guess you would appreciate someplace quieter than Central Park?" the agent asked mysteriously. "Yes.…" Neal answered carefully. Seeing his associate's troubled face, Peter couldn't help laughing. "Relax, Neal, you're not in trouble." Although he had been pretty sure of it, Neal let out a small relieved sigh. "I have a present for you," Peter announced, handing him an envelope. Neal raised a questioning eyebrow and reached out carefully. Peter burst out laughing, glad for the confusion he had created. He didn't get to surprise the con man that often. Neal opened the envelope and read the documents. He understood the words but had some trouble getting the whole meaning. "Peter?" "As that document states, you have been given an exceptional authorization to leave New York next weekend, a sort of 4th of July gift." The light that illuminated Neal's eyes could have lighted MadisonSquareGarden on game night; the thousand-watt smile certainly warmed the room by several degrees. He opened his mouth to answer but couldn't manage any words. "Incredible! Neal Caffrey speechless. I thought I'd never live to see that.…" "Peter…. I don't know.… Thank you.…" Neal stammered, both dazzled and happy. "I sent in a request several weeks ago. The higher-ups have agreed that as a thank you for your help and your impeccable behavior, you would be allowed a special favor. You do realize though that this is not a 'Get Out of Jail' card." "Yeah, I can imagine.… Marshals at my door the whole weekend.…" Neal mumbled. "No, nothing that harsh. You are allowed a one hundred and fifty miles radius, nothing near the coast. You are not allowed to be anywhere near an airport, train station, bus terminal…" "Okay, I get it. No boat, no train, no plane. Am I still allowed to travel by car?" Neal asked his voice dripping with sarcasm. Peter gave him a reproaching stare and went on with the restrictions list. "A two-mile radius from your lodging.…" "Two miles.… but if I'm in the middle of nowhere I'll be actually stuck in the house…" Neal moaned. "Would you rather be entitled to two hundred yards?" "No. Two miles is just perfect," Neal hastily replied with a fake satisfied smile. "Once you get to your lodging, you give us a call and we reposition your GPS. You will be monitored 24/7. The slightest misstep and you will be wearing orange so fast, your head will spin. Clear?" "Peter, you do realize that a threat has to be credible to have any effect?" Neal asked with an amused smile. "Because you're so sure I wouldn't send you back to prison if you pushed too far?" the agent shot back. "I won't deny that you would probably want to, but would you actually carry through.…" Peter shot him a dark glance. "Try me and you'll see." "Peter, how long do you figure it would take before I'm found in the showers with my throat sliced?" Peter felt himself pale. Not because of Neal's comment: he did know that his CI had sent too many people behind bars to be safe in prison anymore. What petrified him was the quiet knowledge with which Neal said it. As if he had accepted that and took it for granted. Still, Neal forgot all too often the real meaning of the anklet he wore. Peter needed to remind him who was in charge; he still had an ace. "We could put you in solitary confinement." It was Neal's turn to pale. He hadn't thought about that. Not at all. Because he knew that Peter knew that he couldn't face solitary. He frowned, looking at the agent, then smiled. Peter was just pulling on the leash, reminding him who was holding it. He raised his hands in surrender. "I'll be nice, I promise," he said softly. "You have all the details in the envelope. Please do not make me regret posting this request." "You will not," Neal answered with dreamy eyes. He was going to take Sara to a cottage in the Catskills for a wonderful lovers' weekend. He hoped the cabin he knew was available. "What are you still doing in my office? Shoo, get to work before I change my mind," Peter growled mockingly. Neal jumped out of his chair. "Thank you, Peter. Really, I appreciate it." He left the office and went to his desk with a happy bounce; the smile on his lips remained there for the rest of the day.