Title : Wanting the Unattainable Author : Lemony Sickness Category : Books » Lord of the Rings Language : English Rated : Fiction M Genre : Romance/Angst Character Pairing: Aragorn, Legolas Published : Mar 21, 2007, Updated : 8/9/2016 Status : Complete DISCLAIMER : I do not own 'The Lord of the Rings' and never will, because I am poor, so suing me would also get you nowhere. Please read and enjoy! Warnings! : Spoilers within if you have actually never watched all the movies - which would be weird since is it 2016. Notes : Name = That character's POV; [ blah blah blah ] = Flashback Wanting the Unattainable By: Lemony Sickness ::: CHAPTER 1 ::: Legolas The orc in front me laughed harshly, his breath coming in gasps. Aragorn had disappeared sometime during the fight with the wolves of Isengard; noticing his absence, I called out his name but received no answer in return. The other members of what was left of the fellowship began calling in earnest. I glanced around, my eyes seeing farther than anyone else could possibly see, and my gaze landed on the cliff's edge. I ran towards the edge, a foreboding feeling invading my senses, but on my way, I was greeted with the laughter of a 'thought dead' orc: harsh and full of malice and pain. I knelt beside the fallen creature, and it looked up at me and spoke, "Your friend has taken a fall over the cliff." The hateful thing in front me opened its left hand, and shining silver light caught my attention: it was the Evenstar. I gasped and watched as the orc cackled out its final breath, and then I jumped up, grabbed the jewel, and ran towards the cliff, the King of Rohan close at my side. I stared hopelessly down at the jagged rocks below, and the sweeping torrent that flowed dangerously around them. I had known from the moment I saw Aragorn kiss the forehead of Boromir's dead body, and stood beside him singing as we watched the boat carry away our faithful and pride-filled friend over the edge of the Anduin River, that I was quite taken with the son of Arathorn, true King of Gondor. I wound my fingers around the necklace and kept scanning the depths below me, barely taking notice of the male voice next to me telling everyone that we needed to continue on to Helm's Deep. I looked over at the King; his blondish brown hair tinted with gray catching a glare from the sun, my eye's filled with disdain. We couldn't leave without Aragorn, but apparently, the Théoden didn't agree. "Leave the dead!" The King looked at me sadly, and placed his hand hesitantly on my shoulder in what was suppose to be of comfort, but the three words he uttered rang like a bell in my head, ' Leave the dead !' I looked over at Gimli; the dwarf looked back, his small beady eyes surrounded by red bushy hair pleading with me to come along. Sighing, I cast my eyes back over the cliff's edge, then turned around and followed the King, his army, and my short friend. It was only Gimli and I left, and we had to make the most of it. Pippin and Merry were off somewhere away in Fanghorn with the Ent's. Gandalf had told us that they had met something that they hadn't quite expected and looked at me knowingly. I, being the Prince of Mirkwood, only heard rumors of what lay beyond the boundary of Fanghorn, but I was quite taken aback when I had heard about some of the creatures, preferably Ents. I had smiled back then, which seemed like ages ago, for Gandalf was alive and more than well, the two friend's of the Ring Bearer were safe, and I, Legolas Greenleaf, Gimli, and Aragorn were all together, but that was no more. Aragorn I felt myself being swallowed up by the freezing waters below. The wolf-like beast had hit its head upon a rock breaking the animal's neck. My hand was still trapped in the leather saddle that an orc used to be seated upon, and I was dragged under the raging current of the ice cold liquid. I struggled, the impact of my body colliding with the surface of the river had made me dizzy, and I was quickly losing my eyesight. Finally freeing myself, I floated to the surface gasping for air, and then promptly passed out. "Aragorn!" I don't remember how long I had been floating. I remember intervals when I would wake up exhausted, hitting rocks and going under water, which would be the reason I kept waking up. Like a log, I was swept underneath the surface and being asleep, I'd try to take a breath and my lungs would fill with water, waking me up and causing me to choke and try to get myself to float upwards. Now, as one of my arms is lying across my stomach, and the other dangling in the water, I feel the sand beneath my fingers, and soon after, my body slides onto land, head first. Still unaware of my surroundings, I lay there, eyes closed. I feel lips press lightly against the edge of my own, and I slowly awake to find no one; only myself. Closing my eyes, I must have drifted off, but then I was yet again awakened to open my eyes and see inside the nostrils of my brown stead, Hasufel, given to me by the banished Rohhirim. The horse lay down next to me, and I whispered her name as I realized what she was trying to communicate to me. I dragged myself forward, fisting my hand into the sand and pulled myself onto her back. I clung to her as she stood up, silently thanking her as we started off. What seemed like days was merely hours, but the next thing I knew, we rounded a huge boulder and I saw the last thing expected, and my eyes widened at the mass of orcs marching towards me away in the distance. ' Dear god, ' I think as I urge Hasufel backward, and I gallop in the direction they too are going, ' I must get to Helm's Deep. I must warn them. ' ( Aragorn! ) I started as I realized I must have drifted off into a daydream; the voice, so strangely familiar, still echoed in my head. The voice definitely belonged to a male, and it was coated with worry and despair. Then it came back to me: blue eyes clear as glass surrounded by silky blonde tresses; Elvin features of a prince who had lived many years before me myself, yet still maintained the look of innocence. Aragorn could no longer deny the fact that the elf was beautiful. Aragorn's hand automatically went up to caress the Evenstar given to him by Arwen, thinking of the fact that Legolas also seemed to shine with the inner strength of the star; then he remembered, the orc had ripped it from his neck. He also remembered the fateful night of his and Arwen's meeting in Rivendell. [ "Do you remember when we first met?" she had spoke is her native tongue. "I thought I had strayed into a dream," I replied to her in the same way. "Long years have passed. You did not have the cares you carry now. Do you remember what I told you?" Aragorn switched back to common speech, "You said you'd bind yourself to me, forsaking the immortal life of your people." "Onto that I hold. I would rather share one lifetime with you than face all the ages of this world alone… I choose a mortal life." "You can not give me this," Aragorn replied as she laid the Evenstar that was around her neck into his hand. "It is mine to give to whom I will… Like my heart," she retorted using her fingers to wrap his around the ornament. He had kissed her that night, standing there on the log. No regrets, not knowing of the complications to come, and the person he was to come to know on his next, and maybe his last journey .] I sat upon my horse and stared out into the distance. I had regretted my actions afterward and had told Arwen's and my foster father, of our relationship. Elrond was upset and angered at her actions. She was an elf of noble blood, and his blood daughter and her actions proved her to be selfish to him. I knew I had betrayed her, and I really did love her, but not the way that she deserved. I was merely human, and after the council meeting, I had found myself quite defected. I was having feelings for another person, who I had just come to see for the very first time, also of nobility. It wasn't the fact that I was having feelings so soon for another person, that not of Arwen, but the fact that this person was, in fact, quite male. But then it wasn't that that just bothered me, it was the fact that I knew that someone of his stature and blood would never have seen me, another male, as anything but a companion in war. [ "Strangers from distant lands, friends of old, you have been summoned here to answer the threat of Mordor. Middle-earth stands on the brink of destruction, "Elrond had stated firmly. I looked around at the rest of the people in the circle as Elrond continued and something or someone had caught my eye. An elf, obviously the Prince of Mirkwood, Legolas Greenleaf, sat almost across from me and was gazing at me interestedly; like he could see right into my soul. I held my breath and quickly averted my gaze back to Elrond, and pretended to not have noticed him. "Bring forth the ring Frodo." A hobbit stood up, and I look upon the short boy with pointed ears in awe, for it was rare to see a Halfling. The curly brown haired hobbit, Frodo, had stepped forward and placed a thick golden ring upon the small circular stone table in the middle of the circle almost unwillingly. Everyone began to talk excitedly among themselves, the exception of Legolas, the dwarf Gimli, the wizard Gandalf the Grey, Elrond, and myself. "So it is true," I hear the man two seats away from me whisper to himself, his voice gradually growing louder as he stood up to address the council, "It is a gift, a gift to the foes of Mordor. Why not use this ring? Long has my father, the steward of Gondor, kept the forces of Mordor at bay, on the blood of our people; all your lands kept saved. Give Gondor the weapon of the enemy; let us use it against him…" "You cannot wield it. None of us can. The one ring answers to Sauron alone. It has no master," I said leaning forward in my chair. "And you, what would a ranger know of this matter? The elf I had recently admired from afar had stood up at this looking pointedly at Boromir, "This is no mere ranger, he is Aragorn, son of Arathorn. You owe to him your allegiance." "Aragorn?" Boromir questioned disbelievingly, looking towards the straggly haired man, "This is Isildur's heir? "And heir to the throne of Gondor," Legolas added. "Sit down, Legolas," I ordered the elf in his own language. He looked at me with those breathtakingly beautiful eyes, the rest of his face expressionless as he sat down. Boromir growled as he returned to his seat, keeping his angered eyes on me, "Gondor has no King. Gondor needs no King." Thankfully, Gandalf decided to speak up cutting through the tension, "Aragorn is right, we cannot wield it." "You have only one choice. The ring must be destroyed," Elrond stated solemnly,