A/N: WARNING: As you can already tell from the character description, this is NOT a Jeyna fic. BUT it will be in Reyna's point of view. This is just a little different from what I normally write, but I'm giving it a shot so bare with me. This is a JASPER fanfic, but with a Reyna twist to add in it. This is just a little something I wrote because I really don't know when I'm going to be updating Rough All Over next, so this is an apology-in-advance sort of thing, I guess. This takes place after the Giant War has ended. Disclaimer: I do not own the Percy Jackson characters at all. Or the song and the lyrics to La Da Dee by Cody Simpson. After signing off the last payment for rebuilding New Rome, Reyna stared at the rightful check that needed to be given to Leo Valdez for helping them out. He was the son of Vulcan-er, Hephaestus (she still had trouble learning the appropriate name for the appropriate person)-after all, and he owed it to her and her Legion (though he was still sort of getting paid) to help them, since he was possessed to, you know, bomb the entire freaking camp! Reyna was never one to resort to bitter humor, especially not at a time like this, Post-War or not, but right now, she was in no means to keep her sanity intact. During the war, some of the Giant comrades had bustled inside of the camp, and the ones that had stayed behind to watch the camp had to fight them off. Eventually, it turned to be successful, but she knew that all good things had to come with a price. It was a simple policy that everyone in the Legion had to learn and act upon once they joined. It was a reminder. A rule that blazed in her head every time it was necessary to be thought of. In this case, the price was the very Legion that taught her this and all the other wonderful, curious things it had left to teach her. She wasn't done yet. She was still Praetor, and that meant something to her. She wouldn't throw it away for her own selfish reasons. She would never. Being Praetor became a part of who she was. So why wasn't it the same for him ? "Er...Reyna? Um...I don't mean to sound pushy or anything, but...can I have my check now? You've been staring at the desk for a while now, and I'm a little confused about what's going on," the fire-user in front of her desk said slowly. Normally Leo wasn't one to be so cautious about this, for he was said to be absurdly cocky at random times, but she had spent enough time with him fixing up her camp for him to know that she normally just blanked out into her own thoughts for a while. In other words, he knew when to shut up and quit bothering her, just like how he was trying (thankfully) to do now. Reyna simply nodded in apology and handed him the needed money for helping her. "Nothing's going on. I'm fine. I swear," still seeing the confused expression implanted across his face, she continued, "just that the war ended, and I'm still a bit shell-shocked by it." Leo offered an understanding smile to which she gladly returned. Reyna and Leo's relationship was definitely a rocky one. When Leo and the rest of the Seven returned back from Camp Half-Blood a month ago, she had admittedly despised him for doing all that he had done to the Legion. After being told what really happened by firing on the ballista, she was still a little edgy around him. Now, another month later ever since being told about it, they had grown much closer, especially since they had spent so much time together building up the place. But that was where it stopped there: friendship. Nothing more. And personally, Reyna never felt anything supernatural as a thing like love towards Leo. And even if she had, Leo had a girlfriend, Calypso, whom he loved dearly and saved from her previous island/home during the closure of the Giant War. Great. Just add him on the list of guys who had rejected her, even if Leo wasn't really one of them. The thing was though, Reyna understood why Percy refused her. When he had come to camp a couple of months ago and Juno had taken away his memories, he refused her because he still remembered the one thing that actually kept him going. The one thing that actually connected himself to his old life. His Greek life. Annabeth. Smart, beautiful, and confident...all the qualities that Reyna knew Percy loved in the blond girl. Yes, she understood why Percy let her go immediately. And she did the same with him, almost just as quick. But with Jason Grace? That was a whole different story. "...So what do you say, Reyna? You coming?" she vaguely heard Leo say to her. She shook her head from the lingering thoughts and looked up at him curiously. Probably looking at the distracted face that she had on, he sighed and repeated himself, getting used to this drama that was constantly expected from her. "I'm gonna go meet up Frank and Hazel and all of the others for ice cream in New Rome. You wanna come?" He looked tired, fatigued even, due to all the work they had put into that day. It was clear that he wasn't in the mood to repeat himself again, though he was trying his best to cover it up for her sake because she hoped he well knew that she was equally exhausted as he was. But either way, she said what she hoped to be playfully, "yes, I'm coming. Don't get your tool-belt in a twist." He looked surprised by the new tone in her voice, it was obvious, but he didn't question anything and just opened the door for them to walk out into the fresh sunlight. As they neared their friends, she immediately noticed that they were all preoccupied with nothing and everything. All of them in their own little bubbles. Some of the couples were sitting by the fountain and some on benches. Percy and Annabeth were sitting near the fountain, and Percy, being the son of Poseidon, was shape-shifting the water as it sprung out from the faucet to make shapes that Annabeth occasionally laughed at and rolled her eyes to, muttering to Percy at times, "Seaweed Brain." Whatever that meant. Her eyes moved to the next couple to the right of them. Hazel and Frank were sitting on the benches, talking quietly to one another with small secretive smiles tugging against their lips, their hands clasped together. And them, like Percy and Annabeth, had barely even touched their ice cream. Just an occasional lick here and there, but nothing really more. "Hey, guys!" Reyna's eyes darted to the pretty Greek caramel-haired girl that was off to the side, and she waved politely in greeting. Leo returned the hug that Calypso entrapped him in, and he kissed her. "Hey, beautiful. How has your day been?" he asked her, each others' arms still snaked around each other tightly. Calypso beamed up at him and bounced her head in reassurance before eagerly locking lips with him again. Reyna stared, secretly amused by their behavior, before Percy threw something blindingly white compared to the sunny day to a couple on another bench that was hidden by the tall roar of the fountain. A crumpled-up piece of napkin. "Hey, lovebirds! How's the ice cream?" Percy shouted in a teasing manner to the still hidden-from-her-view couple behind the fountain. Percy threw another ball of paper napkin at them, even though Reyna wanted to scold him for the litter that he was now creating. There was about ten...no, fifteen, she mentally counted, rolls of napkin scattered on the ground. Whoever Percy was bothering this time, was clearly too distracted to care at all. Annabeth smacked Percy near his upper arm and said harshly, "leave them alone, for once, gods! Honestly, it's like your life nowadays depends on picking on theirs!" Though while she said it, she reached for another paper napkin and helped Percy ball it up, so he could throw it again. Leo, being the curious twit that he is, walked around the fountain with Calypso by his side so he could see what was going on better. He looked surprised for a moment, and then he laughed at the unknown people on the bench. "Get some, Grace!" he yelled, taunting them like Percy had been doing, earning a shove from his girlfriend. At the mention of the name, Reyna's heart jumped as she slowly but dreadfully put the pieces together. She walked heavily around the other side of the fountain Leo and Calypso were standing at to see what exactly the big deal was, though she already somewhat knew. Looking at the mass of blond and brown hair that almost looked to be mixed together because their bodies were so damn close to each other, her suspicions were confirmed. And she watched as the love of her life, Jason freaking Grace , practically inhaling Piper McLean. It was sickening, the way his body was pressed against hers. The way his hands and arms were locked all over her back and waist. The way that the chocolate and vanilla ice cream that they had obviously tried to eat before eating each other was crashed in a sugary mess on the concrete beneath them, completely forgotten. And it was damn sickening that while they seemed to be sucking the life out of the other, they still managed to have smiley, lovey, dopey smiles plastered on their faces. From the corner of her eye, Percy, proving to be the most stubborn person in the world, rolled up another napkin and threw it at the intimate pair. This time the reaction was different, judging by the shocked look on Percy's face. Piper, still kissing Jason, caught the napkin with her hand and tossed it with as much force as she could using her left hand back at the son of Poseidon. She then shortly stuck up her middle finger at him, earning a mischievous cackle from the said boy, and she dug her fingers back in Jason Grace's golden locks, making Reyna's frown drop in an increasing speed. The couple, as oblivious as they were with each other, still hadn't noticed the addition to the company that was currently at the fountain. Which, of course, sent Reyna straight back into her meaningless thoughts. The difference between Percy and Jason was that Percy actually remembered Annabeth. She was the one thing that kept him from going insane, all those months he was spent alone without them. She brought him life . At times, she heard some of the Greeks call Jason the "Roman Percy", and as much as she'd like to tell them off for such incredulous thoughts, she could see where they were coming from. Annabeth and Percy spent around five years together as friends. They fought in adventures together, saved each others' lives numerous times, and through it all, they ended up together. And they were truly, really happy together. Why was that? Key word: history. They had history with each other. And that was how it was exactly with her and Jason. They had history together. So if what the Greeks were saying, about Jason being a "Roman Percy", if that were true...how come Jason didn't remember Reyna? If Percy remembered Annabeth, how come Jason didn't remember her? How come he found himself a whole other life to be a part of, and just...just abandoned her like that, with no other reason? He left her for some Venus girl that she would never possibly get how the hell that even happened the way