A/N: The idea for gender-swapping Jason and Piper (along with basically everybody else) goes out to ObeliskX . Thanks for the great idea! Just so you guys don't get confused, here are the characters names with who they really are: Peter (Piper), Jessica (Jason), Lea (Leo), Rico (Reyna), Paris (Percy), Andrew (Annabeth), Henry (Hazel), Faith (Frank), Clayton (Calypso), Drake (Drew), and Demi (Dylan). Hope this doesn't confuse you too much ;) Disclaimer: I do not own the Percy Jackson characters at all. Or their genders. Gah, just read it. To get things straight, Peter never wanted to talk to Demi in the first place. He just didn't like girls who threw themselves at him. It wasn't his way of rolling like that. He preferred girls that were more reserved, more secretly interested. It made it a lot more amusing to him, and honestly, a lot more challenging. Girls like Demi just sickened the shit out of him. That's why he did his best to swerve his intentions away from them, knowing that if he dared led them on just by a little, he'd be screwed for sure. The last thing he wanted on his mind was for another annoying girl to cling to him. Peter rehearsed these thoughts as soon as the idiotic blonde was in sight. His eyes widened horrifically and immediately stepped back around the corner before she could see him like that. When Peter peered his eyes at her again, just to see if it was clear for him to go through, he saw the girl pushing her way desperately against his older brother, Drake, and he snorted. Little slut. This was probably exactly another reason why he didn't like girls like Demi. Once they got clingy, they let go just for a moment before rubbing against the next dude behind the other's back. Not that Peter cared, of course. He hated that girl. And it wasn't like Peter didn't understand. Drake was hot, in an objective way. Almost what any girl would want, if they were terminally ill. Which, by the way, Demi was. Reaching school at last, he walked immediately to his locker, feeling prying feminine eyes gaping at his body like they normally did, and Peter even winked at a few to get them off his back. He knew for sure that he didn't like the surplus attention being thrown at him, but he knew since he couldn't do anything about it, that he would have to live with it. Once he reached his locker, he found his best friend Andrew there too, and when he saw him, he laughed out loud, making his blonde curls bounce a little on the top of his head. "What?" Peter said distressingly. All he wanted to do was get his books and head to class, and not be in the pissy mood he almost always was. "Nothing. It's just that those girls over there," Andrew pointed to a section of gossiping girls in a corner, poking their heads out over their shoulders occasionally to search for other victims before returning to their clique, "They've been talking about you nonstop since the beginning of the school year, and all you've been doing was ignoring them." "So?" Peter snapped, slamming his locker shut. He turned to look at Andrew straight in his eyes, trying to figure out what the big deal was. "When they saw you winking at them on the way here, I saw one of them almost collapse. It was hilarious. And now all you look like you want to do is puke," he explained to Peter before taking out his phone and scrolling vigorously through something. "Glad to see you're enjoying my misery," Peter rolled his eyes, eyeing Andrew practically ripping his cell in half before speaking again. "And what about you? Paris still not calling you back?" Andrew's gray eyes shot up from his phone and glared sharply at Peter, only highlighting the storm in his orbs even more than what Peter would have liked. Paris was Andrew's girlfriend, and for the time being, they were sorta calling the outs right now. But that's how their relationship had always really been: an on-and-off thing. That was basically why Peter didn't really care that much about it, because for all he knew, the next week, they'd be fucking in the bathroom all over again. It was Andrew's turn to roll his eyes, dismissing the conversation immediately, and Peter felt a wide smirk appear on his face, only slightly making his day better like that. The only reason why his lips shifted downward all over again was when she walked in the hallway, along with her other friends. Next to him, he saw Andrew stiffen a little, catching Paris in sight right next to the blonde girl, and he only glanced sideways to see Andrew cup his hands on his mouth to smell his breath before relaxing again when he was satisfied with it. For Andrew, the sight was satisfying, for the person who he was trying to get back together with was walking so near to him in another group. For Peter, it was a whole different experience. He felt his heart race faster again, his breath become shallower, and suddenly, he didn't know why the hallway became so hot. And, no, Peter was not checking out Andrew's girl. He didn't roll that way. To be honest, Peter really didn't like blondes. He found them all repulsive. They all brought him to the idea of Demi all over again. But for that one, actually talking to her and knowing her for all of his life, he knew she was different in a whole other way. Anyone could tell it just by looking at her. With her tight jeans and T-shirt and flats covering her body humbly like that, her straight shoulder-length hair stuck in a tight ponytail, and golden glasses perched on her nose, it was obvious she wasn't like the rest. And Peter didn't know if he was disgusted by the change or admired by it (though a gutting feeling felt the pleasure of the latter). When their group reached the two of them, Peter did his best to hold in his breath and turned around to his locker again, fumbling with the lock a bit. In that selection of time, him and Andrew were only on mutual terms with two of the people in that group: Lea and Faith. Faith was another reserved girl, someone who Peter even flirted with for a while in the beginning of high school but was soon stopped by her boyfriend, some muscular African American guy named Henry, and he eventually gave up. Lea was more of a troublemaker. Someone who was so out of control, that Peter could read her perfectly. She was so relatable to him, that he really only thought of her as a sister. Plus, his partner in crime at times. "Hey, guys," Lea said perkily, her toasted brown curls jumping a bit at her shoulders. "Hey," Andrew answered monotonously, really only having eyes for Paris at that moment. Peter pursed his lips but didn't say anything back. "There's a new movie comin' out tonight. I heard it's gonna be disgusting as hell. There's shit coming back from the dead all over the place. Vomit guaranteed," Lea explained, earning a slap and a glare from Jessica, that blonde chick he'd been talking about, and a couple of hisses of why did you invite them and you're so stupid . Peter, on the other hand, did nothing but stare before finally forming his lips into a smirk. Out of all the people there (besides Jessica, of course, there was always something exceptional about her), he was pretty sure he liked Lea the best. She was just so crazy and tom-boyish that it made him smile. He couldn't think of one reason why Lea didn't like these things. It was pretty much utterly hilarious. Next to her, Paris shrugged a little, forcing a smile on to her face despite Andrew's wistful one. "Yeah, I'm gonna go, too," she said, her green eyes sparkling brightly in a menacing way toward Andrew. To him, their entire relationship seemed pretty much immature in his eyes, and he really didn't get them at all. All they threw at each other were scornful looks and insults, but behind it all, Peter knew they shared something different. Besides the whole sex bit, that thing they shared was the main reason why they always ended up together in the end. Behind Paris, Faith nodded quietly, not really caring that much. "Me too, I guess," Peter spoke up finally, mostly just to cut the tension between Paris and Andrew. Then, smirking once again, he turned to Jessica and spoke straight to her, knowing it would bug the hell out of her. "Are you going to come, too? Finals aren't until the end of the month, you know. Your sweet little brain can take a night off, can't it?" Jessica shot him a glare so sharp, Peter internally winced, but kept his grin on. If anything, Jessica's replies always made everything more challenging, and honestly, left him slightly turned on. "What? So eager to see me again?" "Feeling's mutual, hon, don't flatter yourself," Peter said, pretending he had other better things to do than talk to her. He visibly saw her breath a little out, that huffy thing she always did when she was annoyed, and straightened her glasses out a little more, just enough for him to see. "Can't you go one minute without bothering the crap out of me?" she snapped out, glancing at the clock, probably begging for it to tell her when to go to her next class. "Wait 'till tonight and we'll see how it goes," he even winked at her for more measure, and got even more satisfied when she pursed her pink lips in irritation. Despite how much she irritated the crap out of him, there was no denying that she made one hell of a fine girl, insults or not. It was hard to get mad at her, her with her straight back and confident strides and her basic innocence. He supposed that's what made him so attracted to her. Though that was something he would never tell Andrew or his other friend Clayton or even Henry, who despite everything, had still become one of his closest friends ever. Heck, he even got somewhat along with Rico sometimes, although he had an undying crush on the same person Peter really, really felt attracted to. And yeah, blondes were most definitely not his cup of tea or whatever. But thinking about what could possibly happen that night, how Peter could actually get closer to Jessica, he caught himself smiling at the now empty hallway. At times, Jessica really hated it when that girlish part came out of her, like a swirling tidal wave just waiting for destruction to happen. She was a girl, after all, and they really do get like this, the more she thought of it. But to defend herself even more, she decided that it would most appropriately be blamed on that idiotic boy who stole her heart a long fucking time ago. Truth was, her and Peter had actually used to get along buddy-buddy like that before they reached high school. Now that they were actually living through it, it was like hell erupted. New stress, new studies to worry about, new friends, and...new options of girls. New life. Admittedly, Peter had turned into somewhat of a player, no doubt. Girls chased after him; and who wouldn't? He had pretty good muscular arms, he was dark in a tanned sort of way, his chiseled jaw only made it more annoying for her if anything, and his brown hair had grown out a little, making a rebellious strand stick out, covering his strangely multicolored eyes. And if that didn't catch her eye enough, he had an