Warning: Rated T for a reason. Happy birthday (more like a couple days ago) to me, my fellow Jasper idiots. I got inspired because...I don't know, I guess I'm too lazy to think of another chapter for Rough All Over. Hope this makes up for it? Disclaimer: I do not own the Percy Jackson characters at all. That day was a sunny Friday. Jason's friends - Percy, Annabeth, Leo, Hazel, Reyna, and Frank - were all at their own places, and for some reason, he couldn't quite figure out why he didn't mind that much. It was like all of his concerns and thoughts about them had completely disappeared straight out of his mind, and there was no way in hell that they would be returning. And he had no idea why. And then he looked back to his right side to see his only friend that wasn't not with him, and he found his answer. "And then, Leo basically set off the entire thing! The entire thing - curtains, the couch, even the pizza was smoked 'till it looked like one of Percy's overcooked cookies. Smoke was fucking everywhere!" Piper, the only thing he had been having on his mind for...well, the longest of time, before he could even think of something he hadn't thought before she came in his life, explained to him, using gestures until her hands looked like they would pop out of their wrists. Jason's face broke out into a grin before he tilted his head back and laughed full-heartedly. "And what the hell were you doing during this whole time?" Her full red lips gave the same impression that his did, though with a more expressive mischievous angle, and he caught himself staring at them for a beat too long before snapping his eyes back at her colorful ones, scolding himself for doing such an unfaithful thing. "I was laughing, you dolt. What else would I be doing?" Their footsteps were echoing now in the dark hallway of the conference room's corridors, though he only vaguely heard it. "How have you not told me this before?" Her smile flickered for a moment, as if she was remembering something, and she chuckled guiltily. "Um...I actually promised Leo I wouldn't tell anybody. He told me that I owed him one from the last time something exploded, so... Whoops." He shook his head, clicked his tongue disapprovingly at her, and he felt himself shift his body a little closer to her and opened the door out for her to walk through. She may have not noticed it, but she flung a piece of her chocolate locks behind her shoulder, letting him have a whiff of her flower-scented hair, and he did his best to divert his thoughts. "How am I not surprised. You can't keep a secret if your life depended on it." "Yes I can!" She said firmly, indignantly. "I keep many secrets. For instance, I haven't been telling your girlfriend that you've been dropping me at my home every Friday night. What would she think of that?" She was referring to Reyna, and strangely, that term that Piper used to describe Reyna as, seemed confusedly unfamiliar to him, and he frowned. "She already knows." He held out the door for her, a gesture that she had gotten quite used to, that she didn't even complain about it anymore, and she climbed in. "Okay, then, you can't keep a secret," she stated with a smirk as he got in with her. "I rest my case, Pipes," he told her, and he started the engine before she could continue on with her rambling. She still did, of course. It was like she had no end button. Like she would keep on talking no matter what, and she never followed what anybody told her. Especially with him, for some reason. Like he was some kind of signal that told her to keep yapping her mouth in a way that annoyed Jason to the fullest extent, and he wanted to scream. But it was moments like those (and all the other moments that he spent with her), that made him guilty for stringing Reyna along, like some dog on a leash. Reyna would never be some dog on a leash, especially in his opinion. But she would also never be where Piper was in his view point, and that was something he would never be able to forgive himself for. Belly dropping guiltily, he focused on what Piper was saying and only barely caught a handful of words nearing to the end of her sentence, "and freaking Dylan comes along and decides that he wants to tap blonde chicks this week, and so you can understand why Annabeth was in such a bad mood," before getting lost in the conversation and cursed in a way that Reyna would disapprove and laughed along with her when she shot him a look. As they finally pulled up to her driveway, she gave him a quick smile and a peck on the cheek before walking out of his car, only looking back to wave slightly at him, and then she was gone. He sighed before pursing his lips for the countless time since he'd met her, and he wondered why he was so wrapped around her finger. It was only moments that were spent with Piper that he wished he could say "I love you" instead of "goodnight" so openly. It was about a month after, where he got flustered around her again , but this time it was very rare. Normally he could control himself, especially when it came to public occasions, but he didn't know why he slipped up so badly. If it wasn't for that fucking dress, he wouldn't have been glared at by a very angry Reyna that looked like she could explode any given moment. It actually happened to be Piper's birthday that day, and they threw a surprise party at Percy's house (since that was the least expected house to be thrown in), and by that time, all of Piper's friends and a couple of other weirdos that he had no clue why they were invited, and he was slightly (okay, really ) miffed at them for even glancing at the birthday girl in the wrong way. He remembered he had gripped his wine bottle as Reyna kept on explaining about her plans for the future and what she was going to do with her life, and he excused himself abruptly from her and thoroughly chugged down the entire remaining liquid just so he could have enough strength to look away from Piper's smiling face at the geek that had his arm wrapped around her tightly. (Though he found himself staring at them, stalking every move they made on each other, before deciding that he desperately needed another bottle or he could possibly get arrested for criminal activities that Reyna wouldn't approve of, though by that point, he really couldn't care less.) Anyway, by the end of the party, Jason was somewhat sober (though he reflected later on that he wasn't really, or else he would have never let himself get out of control like that). Annabeth decided that she wanted Piper to open her presents, and Piper, knowing that she wouldn't take no for an answer, agreed reluctantly. The presents that she had received were numerous, but there was one that Piper pulled out that made Jason's eyes feel like they were ripping out of their sockets. "What the fuck is that?" He said, looking at the tiny piece of cloth that she pulled out. "Jason, be nice," Reyna said, like that would solve all issues; it wouldn't, because he was sure that whatever Reyna was thinking that he was thinking would never come near to what was running through his head at that moment. "It's not that big of a deal, really. Wear it. It's the first dress I've ever seen that you've gotten so far. It really doesn't seem that bad." Piper roamed her eyes at everyone's expressions: Annabeth shrugging, Hazel nodding her head approvingly, and Percy and Frank pretty much zoned out of the conversation a long time ago. Jason too was trying his best to not make eye contact. "Okay, fine. If you say so, I guess." She disappeared into one of the guestrooms, and the tension (at least for Jason) was incredibly pressing. He gulped down thin air, and he felt his head going dizzy. Those drinks that he had previously had were a really bad idea. At least, he should have saved his alcohol tolerance for a time like this . A couple of minutes later, Piper returned, and he was pretty sure that he had a heart attack right then and there. Though he heard that nobody was calling 911 for any health reasons, he figured that he had enough alcohol tolerance not to actually follow through with that. To cut down too many delirious descriptions, let's just say that what Piper was wearing was incredibly tight. And short. And hugging. Not to mention hugging . Yes, he meant to repeat that twice. The length of the deep red dress made Jason's eyes roam to her barren feet and back up her illustriously tanned legs, only putting more emphasis on her curvy hips before he gulped down roughly again. How he almost tried his best to never notice her chest before, completely erased from his mind, and he caught himself thoroughly staring, and he did his best to cross his legs naturally, though he could have sworn that Hazel looked at him weirdly for a second. Her outfit wasn't a dress. It was a freaking lingerie. "Well, fuck," Percy said, snapping Jason out of his thoughts for a brief moment to notice everyone's expressions. Percy snapped his head away from Piper, having the better sense than to keep looking, and Frank followed, which was something that he grudgingly had to admire them for. At least they could look away. Percy awkwardly scratched the back of his neck, and Frank gave one glance to the ground, and he didn't look back. As for Leo, he was pretty much zonked out, his head practically falling off the couch from his nap and mouth gaped open, but his eyes were tightly shut. It was a good thing, too, because Jason was sure that he would have killed them if they were doing the same thing as he was doing. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Reyna watching him with those deadly brown eyes that Jason feared so much, especially coming from her. But for once, he couldn't retaliate in the way he knew she wanted him to. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't lift his eyes away from Piper just like usual. "Tell me about it," he muttered clearly, despite his dreamy thoughts. "Pipes, you're a knockout. You've always been, and you always will be." He indistinctly heard a gasp from behind him - most likely Hazel - but he was too busy watching the reaction of the beautiful (though slutty) girl in front of him. She glanced down at the ground insecurely, rubbing her arms gently like she desperately wanted to cover up, and he was sure she was blushing. Just from that, it was enough to make him fully smile at her. "Uh...thanks, I guess," it was only then that he realized that she had been watching his reaction the entire time as well, and he suddenly felt ashamed, and he tried his best to look away. Of course, once again, his efforts failed when it came to her. She eventually did leave their viewpoint, going to change because she claimed "whoever sent me this must be a fucking pervert if they think that I'm actually going to wear this anywhere", and he couldn't just not agree. It was also then that he realized that Reyna was still glaring at him, even more