Disclaimer: I do not own the Percy Jackson characters at all, or the lyrics to the song All This Time by OneRepublic. ~" Six on the second hand till new year's resolutions There's just no question what this man should do Take all the time lost, all the days that I cost Take what I took and give it back to you "~ "That's your brother Tyson?" Jason asked, pointing over to the crowd of kids hustled together by the school bus. The dark red brick elementary school loomed behind them, giving him back all his memories of the place since he was little and he went here. Judging by Percy's annoyed face, he could tell that he felt this too. Or it could also be the fact that the only reason why they came back there was because Percy was sent by his mom to go pick up his brother for the weekend. "Yep. That's him," Percy answered monotonously, and Jason laughed. The kid they were talking about looked around four feet above the ground, had a head full of curly dark hair, and had the most goofiest expression he had ever seen in a while. He was a walking hairball. "How can you hate him? He looks like a lot of fun," Jason told him truthfully, rolling his eyes, partially annoyed with his friend's behavior. Percy snapped his head back at him, green eyes blown wide, and he had to bite back down another laugh. "He's a freak . Just last night, he spread macaroni and cheese all over my bedroom walls, and don't even get me started on what he did to my mother's room." Jason shrugged. "Whatever. So how are you the one who's getting punished tonight again? If you hadn't even done anything?" "I don't know! It's not even fair! Every time my mom comes home, she always ends up blaming whatever he did on me, and I'm freaking sick of it. And now mom doesn't even trust me enough to watch over my own brother," he began to explain, though Jason began to doze off to the conversation. He'd heard this story so many times, he about memorized it. "I'm not complaining though, trust me. It's just someone else who has to put up with him and not me. I'm perfectly okay with that. My God, I can't wait to meet whoever the hell is gonna get that burden off my chest." Jason snorted. "Yeah. Then you'll probably have to live with what will probably end up being some old geezer off the street trying to pick up some money for, what? Every Friday?" "If it occupies him?" While he said it, Tyson, Percy's brother, finally noticed his brother's car and waved goodbye to his friends while clambering on after them. "Hell, yeah," Percy finished right in time before Tyson could meet up with them. "Finally, you came. What took you so long?" His kiddish voice said a little loudly, loud enough for it to make Jason wince a little, and then his face turned to him and he immediately frowned. "Who's that? You finally got a boyfriend, Perce?" "Shut up. He's a friend from school. Get in the car," Percy said, opening the door for his brother while hitting his head while he was going through the door. "Do you always like keeping your conversations short with him?" Jason asked him, going in the passenger seat, eyeing the boy in the rear-view mirror particularly. "When it comes to him, then yeah." The ride to Percy's house was short, and before you'd know it, Percy's mom already forced Percy to stay in the house while the babysitter watched over Tyson. He'd complained about it, but Sally Jackson never took no for an answer. Even Jason was pushed around a little as soon as she left the house. "Dude, you gotta stay with me. I can't handle it if you left," Percy pleaded with him, just as Jason was going to walk out on him. He even had his coat on and everything, ready to go back to his own home where his own family was waiting for him. ~" All this time we were waiting for each other All this time I was waiting for you We got all these words, can't waste them on another So I'm straight in a straight line running back to you "~ "Why? The babysitter can't be that bad. And if they are, then you can just, like, watch TV or something. You've been home alone so many times," Jason said, not getting the big deal on his whole play he was putting on. "I don't even know the person! It could be a rapist for all I know!" Jason threw his head back in exhaustion and frowned even deeper. "Don't be ridiculous. Your mother would never hire someone she didn't know. Or like. Or, well, I don't know what your mother thinks. Whatever. You'll be fine." "No!" Percy gripped on to his forearm - right when the doorbell rang soundly through the house, and the two of them flinched. "Where's Tyson?" Jason talked lowly. "I don't know. Upstairs, maybe?" He answered back, in the same tone as he was using. "Here's what I'll do. If the person is someone I know you won't be able to handle, I'll stay," Jason tried to negotiate, "but if you're just tripping, like I already told you you were, then I'm out the door three seconds flat." The black-haired boy looked at him murderously in the dark, and Jason actually started to feel intimidated by the glare a little bit. But he shoved it down and crossed his arms and stared back. Percy finally grit his teeth, "Fine," and made to get the door just as it rang again. Jason smirked while walking towards the kitchen and decided to make himself some hot chocolate while he was at it. The place was so familiar to him, he could say all what he knew from the back of his hand. Suffice to say, Jason knew exactly where all the food was at. He took out the packet and dumped the powder into the glass, shortly followed by some hot water in a faucet he knew Percy had. While he was in the middle of pouring some water in the cup, he started to overhear what was going on by the door, wondering what was taking so long and why Percy hadn't come back with some probably middle aged person already. The first voice he heard was feminine, which sort of confused him. Then he rolled it off, figuring that of course, the babysitter could have been a woman, but it wasn't something he had considered at first. The next voice was Percy, and that was something he could hear quite clearly. "Uh...uhm...yeah. Yeah." The other voice spoke again, something that sounded a lot like, "What's your name?" And when Percy spoke again, Jason flinched from how flustered he sounded. How was this person affecting him so much? "It's...it's, uh..." The woman giggled, and something about the voice seemed so familiar to his ears that it made his stomach start to do flops, and suddenly, Jason didn't like how things were turning out to be. "Did you forget or something?" He vaguely heard her say teasingly. "Wha...no, no of course not. It's..." Jason sighed and decided to save his best friend from his obvious looming failure with a girl, while having one last sip of his hot chocolate before throwing the empty foam cup away. ~" I don't know what day it is, I had to check the paper I don't know the city but it isn't home You say I'm lucky to love something that loves me But I'm torn as I could be wherever I roam "~ "His name's Percy..." Jason spoke aloud, though his words immediately faltered while his thoughts vanished at what he was seeing at the door. A tanned and curvy body with long wavy cocoa hair and the most colorful eyes he had ever seen with complete red lips stood before him. A freaking girl stood right there , right in front of the both of them, and he didn't know how to answer to her at all. And she wasn't just any girl, either. That girl was Piper McLean, the most beautiful girl in his school, and Jason was pretty sure that she was the most beautiful girl about ever , really. He didn't know how he knew it, but he knew it. There was just no other explanation. He stared at her, no doubt, throughout his days at school, not being able to look at anything except her until his friends had to force him out of it. She probably thought that he was some freak by now. He wouldn't blame her. He'd do anything for her, and he barely even knew her. He'd been stalking her since they were little and he first saw her. It was pretty much disgusting how much he adored her. "Right," she answered back. She looked back down at her phone in her hands and read something off of it. "I'm sorry, but when I called earlier I talked to a woman named Sally Jackson. Is she here right now?" Jason shot a quick glance at his friend who seemed to be at a loss of words at the moment, his face looking like it was trying to gulp up air, and though Jason's wasn't any better, he still answered for him. "Yeah. That would be his mom. She's not here right now, 'cause she left. He's..." - Jason gestured to Percy - "gonna be here every Friday night, too. If that's okay with you, of course." Piper answered, nodding her beautiful head, "Yeah, that's fine. Guess I'll be seeing more of you, then." She pointed her finger onto Percy's chest, making his eyes widen at her, and she smirked knowingly. At the mere exchange that Jason saw happen, he immediately regretted that he did see it because of that sharp twist of annoyance that rang through his belly, and he wished he knew why he was so attracted to this girl he barely knew. As soon as Piper walked in to the living room (which, for some reason, Tyson had magically appeared there), Percy walked up to him and said hastily, "Nevermind. I'm not bored. You may leave." "Hey, hold it," Jason gripped the back of Percy's shirt, secretly forbidding himself to leave this place now that he knew who was in it. "I'm not going anywhere." Okay, so maybe not so secret. The other boy raised his eyebrow questioningly. "Why? Just a second ago, you were practically begging to leave." "I'm not leaving you alone with her, and you already knew that. So I'm staying," he said to him stubbornly. Percy's eyes twinkled with mischief, an unsettling feature which was exactly why Jason didn't want Piper to stay with him. "You're afraid I'm going to steal your girl, even though she doesn't even know you exist. You have nothing on her." "Don't you think I know that?" he hissed back, but walked ahead of Percy toward the girl and Tyson. He was half-way there when he heard Tyson say to Piper, "Do you like video games?" Jason wanted to roll his eyes at the kid's stupidity, knowing full well that that wasn't the first question or way you were supposed to treat a lady, but instead to his surprise, she answered, "Of course I do, kiddo. Whatchya got?" So him and Percy were about stood up as the elementary kid seemed to be getting more moves on than the both of them combined on Piper. ~" All this time we were waiting for each other All this time I was waiting for you Got all these words, can't waste them on another So I'm straight in a straight line running back to you, yeah "~ The next