A/N: So...another smut fic? Prompt: Piper just got a tongue piercing, and it ain't doing Jason any justice. Shout out goes to fangirl2048 . You should really check out her stories; she's pretty darn talented. Side note: it actually takes fourteen days to heal a tongue-piercing, but in this, just pretend it's not that big of a deal for a demigod and heals much quicker. Barely edited. Disclaimer: I do not own the Percy Jackson characters at all. All Jason had to do was stare down at his unfinished paper for a second before he flopped backwards on his rolling chair and sighed, giving up immediately. He'd been working non-stop since he started college a few weeks ago, and he felt right about ready to drop dead. Though he had a feeling Piper wouldn't appreciate it as much as he might. Ever since the Giant war and that moment up on his rooftop of what felt so long ago, him and Piper have been about inseparable. He remembered waking her up day after day after that because he found himself wanting to talk to her more , and he briefly wondered if he was bordering on obsession towards her. It never really caught in his mind just how annoyed the rest of Piper's cabin was when he accidentally woke them up on his way to take Piper. They even blamed him outwardly that because of him, Piper was lacking her job as cabin leader. Ever since then, he'd been careful about picking the days in which he would steal Piper from her cabin at night; he couldn't do it every day then. Though it made him disappointed, he also had to admit that the days he did meet up with Piper were a lot more...arousing. He remembered one night especially when they'd talked about nothings on his rooftop again when Piper mentioned something he never considered to voice out loud before. "The tension between Percy and Annabeth is pretty stiff, don't you think?" Piper had said to him. Raising his eyebrow at the time, he was confused with her statement. "What do you mean?" he had asked. "I thought everything was going fine with them." Piper rolled her multicolored eyes at him, muttering something along the lines of 'oblivious as ever, really'. "I'm talking about their sex life, silly. It's like they can't even touch each other without building tension around themselves. They need to...loosen up, especially Annabeth. But then again, I can't really blame her...she's always been the type to be shy about those things. But she should know that Percy wouldn't hurt her like that." He felt himself chocking up, to say the least. It was the first time she had ever said the S-E-X word out loud in front of him so openly. He really was innocent, now that he thought about it. Sure, he thought about Piper a lot in that specific way. He wondered how flushed her skin would be when he kissed all of her sensitive spots, how husky her moans would get under his touch, and how nice and fitting her breasts and thighs would feel when they...er, danced with no pants. One could totally tell he was a virgin. Piper seemed to notice his abrupt silence because she had muttered at the time, "What? What's wrong?" He shook his head. He wondered how Piper could be so concerned with Annabeth and Percy's sex life when they themselves didn't have any. Not that he was complaining, of course. He loved Piper to the depths of the earth and back – too much to even consider forcing her into doing something she didn't want to do. But gods , if he hadn't thought about it. "N-nothing," Jason stuttered. Then, feeling a sudden rush of braveness, he added, "It's just...I think there's, uh...tension between us too. And that's perfectly fine! I'm not gonna...er, you know...push you or anything, but I'm – " So fucking brave. Piper, thankfully, cut him off before he could embarrass himself further. "You wanna get off the roof for a bit?" Jason glanced hesitantly at her before nodding and standing, spreading his arms out for her so they could jump off. However, when she stood she refused them. "I meant...downstairs. Into your bedroom." Jason only stared at her, feeling a rush of heat swim on his cheeks. He caught her gaze with his, unsure, and scrutinized her. Her eyes, unlike his, stared straight at him, her stance steady like she knew exactly what she wanted from him. He envied that. He wished he could be as straightforward as she was. He tried not to let unwelcome thoughts enter his brain, but it was already too late. Images flashed beneath his eyelids: of her moaning and writhing beneath him, fingernails digging into the skin of his back, and hearts beating fluidly as he entered – "Jason," Piper said, looking at his arms that were still held up for her, confusedly. He dropped his hands to his side as he still found himself incapable of doing anything right in front of this woman. "Yes," he said, shoving all heavenly thoughts about her aside. "We can go downstairs." And they did. A few minutes later, as he was still not able to say the right words to her except emitting sounds he didn't even knew existed, he figured out how earth-shattering a blow-job could be. The present day Jason, not the gawky and awkward sixteen year old that first experienced a blow-job, groaned as he rubbed his hands over his face in distraught. He had to do a paper, he scolded himself, not think about Piper's mouth and hands. As he consoled himself this, he gripped his pencil in determination and set back to work. About five minutes after he was doing so well in concentrating, his phone rang loudly, making him stumble in his chair. He groaned as he read the Caller ID and the picture he took of Piper when she was sleeping and her hair got caught in her mouth. Just the person I was not thinking about , he mentally grumbled. "Yeah, Piper?" he picked it up. "Am I disturbing you or something?" her voice came through the speaker, and he stared longingly at his paper, yearning to get back to it before he seriously regretted it. "I was actually in the middle of writing up an essay for class tomorrow," he said reluctantly, sighing and once again, resting his back against the chair as he stared into space. "But I suppose I have a few minutes." "Great," Piper said flippantly, causing Jason to roll his eyes at her, though she couldn't see him do it. "So I was walking down the street, right?" "Right," he grumbled back. "And I saw this guy by the post, and I stared at him – " "What guy?" Jason's over-protectiveness had gotten the better of him as it spoke for him. "That's not the point," she said, not noticing the irritation he spoke his words in. He refrained himself from pointing out 'well, what is?' and kept quiet, curious himself. "He opened his mouth to talk to the store clerk, and that's when I saw it." "The raging case of Xerostamia that he proudly displayed?" he smartly stated back, making Piper groan from the other line. "No, you – nevermind," she said passively. "A tongue-piercing! He had a freaking tongue-piercing, and come on, just think of how brave someone would be to actually willingly inject something like that into their mouth. Sure, it must hurt like crap, but hey, there are worse things, aren't there?" "Oh," Jason said, not really sure where she was going with this. And when Piper didn't reply back, it was then that he sat upright into his chair abruptly before his senses sharpened. He mentally prepared a lecture within those few seconds already. "Oh, hell no , Piper McLean. You are not going to damage your tongue like that. If you dare – " "Too late!" Piper said gleefully from the other line, making all blood rush from his head as he felt himself go pale with shock. "It's already on me, and there ain't nothing you can do about it." Silence. Then: "PIPER. WHAT THE FUCK . SERIOUSLY." He could almost imagine her wincing and back-tracking as she sighed. "I knew you would react like this." "NO SHIT, WOMAN." And to think. His latest problems were on his essay . This woman would surely be the death of him. "Look," Piper calmly tried to console him, letting her voice soothe him though it didn't do much. Charmspeak tended to be in effect to a lesser degree when on the phone than in person. At least that he was thankful for. "If it makes you feel any better, it takes a lot less time to heal and it doesn't hurt as much because I'm a demigod. You think I didn't do any research on this before I got it? Well, I did. It actually took me two hours to heal, and even less so because Aphrodite did some voodoo on the piercing before it would cause any particular health damage." "Wait, wait, wait," Jason's brain seemed like it was functioning over-time about now. Like he couldn't believe the sudden turn of events. Just a few moments before he didn't have this on his plate to think about, and he envied that. "You're telling me that not only did you get a piercing without telling me...but your mother put it on you as well?" Again, he was received with only silence. Though he had to admit (not out loud, of course) that he was thankful that the piercing wouldn't be causing any negative health conditions on his girlfriend. Sure, it was one less thing to worry about, but a tongue-piercing . She couldn't have dyed her hair or something? That would have been a lot less nerve-racking, at least. "...Yeah." He sighed in the end, knowing there was nothing else to it. "Whatever, Pipes. Keep me in your prayers, that's all I can tell you at this point. See you at home." "Bye," she said, a twinge of guilt to the edge of her tone that made Jason frown suddenly, before hanging up on him. Why should he care anyway? It's not like he owned her to tell her what to do with her life. They were nineteen; they could make their own decisions. But still...a piercing? Yes, she could get it out if she really wanted to, but...if there were no health conditions and she's not in pain and was happy with it...then why did he care so much? Sighing and shrugging it off finally, he set himself back to work, though it was clear his mind was not on the task at hand at all. As he was in the middle of typing and erasing the third paragraph again and again and again, he felt his eyes grow heavy until he didn't even feel himself drift off into a slumber. A couple of hours later, when he was in the midst of sleeping but not really dreaming, he felt something light and soft brush across his temple. It feathered around that area for a while before shifting downwards slightly to the edge of his cheekbone and even more decreasing in length. To the corner of his lip, to the edge of his scar, to the turn of his jaw, to the crook of his neck, and finally to his Adam's apple. He released a groan, though he didn't know why. Whatever was causing him to feel this way was hazy yet...familiar. He knew what it was, but he wanted more. It wasn't until he felt pressure on his thighs and something else grip his hair that he realized what was on him. Or rather, who. "Mmm..." Jason mumbled, subconsciously shifting his hands to rest on Piper's waist to bring her forward to him so that their chests