A/N: So...I was asked for smut? Just letting you know, I'm completely new at this; as in, never written this type of thing ever. I've been close – but not this close. So...read and review, I suppose. ...Yeah. Excuse me while I rid myself in holy water. ObeliskX , sorry for the incredibly long wait for this. Disclaimer: I do not own the Percy Jackson characters at all. You'd think a couple of innocent throwbacks directed to a fiery young lady like Piper herself would just earn another equally as witty remark along with a couple of slaps and kicks sprinkled here and there, but never an actual lesson being physically taught to him before. Granted, they've done the deed before (in countless positions in various angles), but this was undoubtedly new. Well, not entirely. The first time this happened included whipped cream, an empty house, and Jason was actually allowed to move his hands. Piper, however, had different thoughts this time. And before the whole exchange even happened, he had honestly thought it would be pleasurable for him, and he even challenged her with a cocky smirk, which she only spat back at him before punching his mouth in frustration and indignation with her lips. But this – this was absolutely, wholly, utterly, one thousand give-or-give (yes, he meant to say that) percent torturable . Sure, he'd always been aware that children of Aphrodite always had the upper-hand in love, lust, rape, or in this case: all of the damned above. But gods , did he wish he could move right then. Touch her, or do something , other than lay down there moaning like a sun-baked pansy on a Friday night. However, this situation was much more different. You see, he had come there for Thanksgiving break, the most inconvenient of times to be doing this right then, when he had noticed something at the dinner table whilst Piper's relatives rammed out on some serious stuffing and gravy. "Woah," he had not-so-smartly acknowledged when Tristan and the others were for once not judging him for, and he quote: 'taking our little girl away from us' and were doing their own thing for the time being. "What?" she had asked then, her sparkling eyes staring at him acquiescently. She'd just finished gulping down her remaining cider, licking her lips at him unknowingly provocatively. "Everything alright? I know the whole family's a bit overbearing at times, but you've met them before." He nodded his head, half-agreeing with her but at the same still focused on the flash of something bright and looked silver that gleamed across her tongue as she talked. "Yeah, it's not that; your family's great, and despite the fact they all seem to hate me – it's all good. Especially that kid Darren over there, he totally seems to love me." She grinned sheepishly, glancing over to the dark-haired boy in the corner who was glaring in their direction – more specifically Jason's. "He's the neighbor's son, and he just so happens to have thanksgiving break as well." Jason looked between the boy and Piper before scrutinizing his eyes. "Just so happens, I guess. He's looking at you like it's something more." "My, my," she smirked, her eyes now shading into a bluer hue. He wondered offhandedly if any of her relatives, or Darren in that case, noticed just how alarmingly sharp her eyes changed color. He wondered if they thought it was a beautiful genetic mishap, or something of the sort, because honestly, how could something so strange but gorgeous happen all at once and on the same equally fantastic person, and not one being question anything about it? It was like watching a chemical reaction formulate to something astounding and contrasting, but not finding any way to question how on earth it happened. "They do say green is for the gay. You want to tell me something, Sparky?" He tried to resist rolling his eyes at her remark, but he couldn't help but be amused. "Envious. Green is for the envious ," he corrected as she slanted her lips while raising her eyebrow at him. "And no, I'm just saying that clearly, you've led him on or something, I don't know. Before we started dating and all." "Before we started dating, I was barely fifteen, so no, you couldn't exactly say I was leading him on all that much," she pointed out, looking over thoughtfully at her empty cider glass. It was presumably clear that she wanted more. "But, I guess I do see your point. He liked me when we were younger, and he's even tried to kiss me a few times, but it's no big deal." At this, Jason's strained smile cut short, letting confusion mixed with mild irritation set in. "Wait, he what?" he voiced out a few silent but uncomfortable moments later. "Where was I when all this not-really-kisses happened? Before or after I claimed you as mine and desensitizing you both on my bed and your whole cabin's beds ?" Piper's eyes widened before snapping her gaze back to his and loosely letting out an awkward laugh. "Woah, there. Calm down before you overreact, Jason," she teased him, releasing a reassuring smile in the direction of those who were now starting to stare at the couple wearily and whispering to their fellow gossiper on what the two could possibly be saying. "It's not like it was all you anyway; I'm pretty sure I contributed as well, I recall and I'm sure you do too." He snorted. "Please. You know I do all the work anyway." Piper stared at him with a shocked look on her face. He smirked. What he said wasn't true, and they both knew it – Piper was able to handle him fairly well, and while that was undeniable, the challenging look on Piper's was too, so to speak. " What ," she hissed, though he could see the highly amused tone she used as she spoke the word. "You really want to go there ? When I could easily tear off your shirt and show my entire family, including poor little Darren over there, all the scratch marks blanketing like mosquito bites all over your back from previous nights ago?" Uh-oh. He felt heat start to rush to his cheeks, but he turned his face from her at the last second before turning towards the rest of the family. "Just discussing about school," he addressed the relatives who had fully spent their attention on them now, and some of the ones nearer to where they were sitting shot knowing stares at them. At least those were the teenager cousins, he thought, rather than the adults. Because if the elders knew what type of things that were going on through his head at that moment, he would have been barbecued for. "Yeah," Piper agreed, but even he caught the mischievous edge she held as she consoled her relatives. He vaguely wondered what on earth she was planning right then. "And we're spent. I think we're going to head to sleep now. See you all in the morning." She said one word in her native language which he presumably thought meant 'goodnight' because all of her relatives synchronized the same back to her. Except Darren, whose glare sharpened their razor at the sight of them walking towards the massive staircase together, hands held in a tangle. When he was angled at a certain position away from the family but towards Darren, Jason flipped the shorter boy off with his finger. Darren's eyes only heated, and Jason smirked. "Pipes," it was Tristan, Piper's father, who spoke next. Jason stared back at him, trying to avoid the strange look he was sending him. He remembered his first day meeting the man: it was nerve-wracking and he didn't know how to start a conversation with the guy, and he had been trying so hard to impress him because he was sure that that was the only meet-the-father-for-the-first-time chance he'd ever get because...well, Piper was pretty much the one for him. But now, he'd grown a lot more confident around his girl's father, but even he knew his boundaries towards the man. "You sure you want to sleep right now? It's only ten." "Yes, dad. School was a mess," Piper explained in the tone she used whenever she wanted something from Tristan. She knew that she'd almost always get it, but she never did ask for much. Except now. "And plus, all the demons there pretty much wore us out," she shot her father a knowing look, aware of all the prying eyes of her relatives on them. He reflected inwardly that though Tristan knew about demigods and the whole gist, it was a whole new and unrelatable topic for the rest of the family. Tristan nodded once, telling them that he'd got the inadvertent message, though it was a bald-faced lie; they haven't seen one monster in a week. Piper had grinned at her father before sprinting up the stairs with Jason lightly in tow after her. He was still confused as to what exactly was going on, and he found himself getting drowsy by the second, but once the door was shut close and Piper's small hands hooked around his wrists and flaunted them tight to the wall, and suddenly, her lips could not come soon enough flushing against his, he found himself not so tired anymore. And that was precisely how a few minutes later he was bare from the waist up, her being straddled unbearably close to his body but not quite touching his except for her tongue which was legitimately attached to his abdomen, letting it trail upon each plane and carve before biting softly at the hollow of his neck, releasing a very intimate gasp escape from him. At the sound, she grinned before tightening her hold on his wrists and pressing them harder into the bed sheets below them both. Her hot breath left sparks of electricity crackling like fire against the skin she passed, and literally too, him being the son of electricity itself. As for Piper, as he had described, only her thin long legs was the thing that kept him pinned to the bed and not floating (again, literally) to the ceiling of pleasure. She was doing plenty of things with her tongue, teeth, lips, and just with her simple presence, but he wanted so much more from her. She was barely even touching him; there was no friction, and if he ground his hips one more time desperately against the bed sheets, he was sure to get some sort of rash. He knew he had the strength to overtake Piper if he had the right mind to focus – years of training tended to do that to a person – but not when she had him under her grasp so overwhelmingly easy like she right now did. His breath once again hitched as her long eyelashes tickled against his cheek as she spoke, strangely sultrily to him, making him shiver in anticipation. "This has been going on for about ten minutes now," she informed him, breathing rather lightly compared to him. He couldn't find the goddamned breath in him to reply back after a long while of panting and gulping oxygen that just did not want to reciprocate the method back. He could feel Piper's smirk on his skin. Her tongue brushed along his collarbone right then, and he felt something almost metallic against him. He remembered vaguely when they were talking just minutes before and he had spotted something gleaming across her tongue. She'd gotten a tongue piercing and he just noticed. This only made his breathing get shallower and shallower. Eventually, he formulated: "W-why...why are you..." he gulped, "telling me this?" She grinned with malice. "You said I don't work for your attention, basically. I'm just proving just how wrong you are, which would explain the no touching on