You Will Be Loved No. No mum. Please say you are kidding me. That is what Katniss Everdeen thought when her mum said the news. "Katniss, I talked with your father..." her mother said. "Why would you talk to him?" Katniss interrupted. "Katniss, he is your father. You have to give him a second chance." "He left us, mum. He LEFT us for a singing career he doesn't have! Singing was more important to him than his family!" "He just wanted to follow his dream..." "Without us? Aren't we a part of his dream?" "Katniss, enough! You are going to spend this summer with John!" her mother shouted and Katniss walked away and slammed the door behind her. She just had to leave. She just had to go to her woods and hunt. Look, if it was for a few days, she could handle it. She could shut him out and stay at her room. But it is for a few weeks. Now she is at her hill, watching her view, with her bow and arrows next to her. Prim would like it, to spend the summer with her father. She forgives easily and is always happy. She even went a few afternooms to him. Katniss is, on the other hand, not a kind of person who forgives easily. And when someone hurt her deep, like her father did, she shuts people out. She cannot use pain. Why is she still seventeen. In two months, she will be eightteen, and an adult. Then her mother cannot push her anymore, or her father. Katniss sighs and takes her bow and arrows. No animal to see. Just singing birds. Birds. Singing. It reminds her of her father. She used to sing a lot when she was little. It was something she did with her father and she actually liked it. But now, singing is the reason her father left her and she hates it. She hates her father. She hates singing. And she will never sing again. Katniss walks to the village where she lives. She has no choice. She can't leave Prim alone with her father. She loves Prim. "There you finally are!" her ten year old sister says with a smile on her face. "Yeah," Katniss mumbles. "Mum, Katniss is home!" Her mother walks to her daughters. "Finally. Katniss, your suitcase is still inside. Can you bring it to the car? Oh, and you leave your bow and arrows here." "What!?" Katniss shouts. "Are you insane?" "Katniss, please stop making all this drama! Just leave it here! You cannot hunt at a beach! Listen to me for one time for Gods sake!" "This is torture!" Katniss yells and she runs inside. "Katniss, come on! Take your suitcase, leave your weapons and get in the fucking car!" her mother screams. Katniss feels tears in her eyes, but she won't, she won't cry. Six weeks with her father at a place where she don't know anyone. Six weeks at a damn beach. Six weeks without a bow. It is torture. And she is still seventeen. Goddamn seventeen. She grabs her suitcase, throw it in the car and gets in. She is not going to say a word to her mother again. Prim also gets in the car, next to her mother, who also gets in. "Katniss, please look a bit more happy," her mother asks. Katniss starts to look even more angry and put in her earphones. Her mother sighs and starts the car. 5 hours in the damn car for her damn father. Damn, damn, damn. After ten songs on her iPod, Prim breaks the silence, as she always does. "So mum, dad asked us to spend with him the summer?" "He did, and I agreed." Of course you did. So you can go to a wellness center with your friend and leave us by that asshole. "Do you still have a lot contact?" Prim asks. "Yes, actually yes. I still love him you know, but in a different way." Katniss leaves an angry sigh. Shut the fuck up. "So he knows that I want to become a doctor?" "He knows, Prim. He asks a lot about you and Katniss." "Yeah he wrote us. I read all his letters, but Katniss didn't." "Well, that is Katniss' choice." "I am here too, remember?" Katniss wants to say, but she remembered she was not going to talk to her mother. "Does he know that Katniss has a tattoo and that she got arrested?" Prim asks. Enough. Katniss loves her sister to death, but she stepped over the line. "SHUT UP!" Katniss shouts. "It wasn't my fault! Do you still not believe me?" "Hey, Katniss can talk," her mother deadpans. "Shut up," Katniss whispers and turns on the volume. She is crying inside. Inside. 4 hours later, they arrived at Panem, the city who is at the coast and the city where John Everdeen lives. The city where Katniss is going to spend her summer. And it makes it even worse that is actually a cool city. Lots of restaurants and shops, and the beach looks pretty. Katniss has never been here, because her father always went to their house. When he did that, Katniss went to the woods and stayed there the rest of the day, and at night she went to Gale, a friend her mother hates. Gale is her huntingpartner, and her mother hates it that she hunts. That is why she does it so much. But she also really loves it. "I can see dad!" Prim says happily and she opens the door and jumps out of the car. Her mother smiles and also goes out the car. John opens the door of his house and Prim jumps into his arms. He smiles. He looks really happy. The asshole. Katniss looks out the window and she sees everything. One happy family without her. It would be better if she wasn't a part of the family. Her father looks at her, with the same grey eyes as she has. He has messy grey hair now. The last time she saw him, it was black. But that was 6 years ago. He smiles. And Katniss steps also out of the car this time. "Katniss..." he starts and wants to give her a hand but Katniss slaps it away. "If you think I am going to sing for you, well, I won't! I haven't sing in these 6 years and I will never, ever sing again! And absolutely not for you!" She runs away, to the beach behind her father's house. Away from her father, from her mother. And all she can think is: why am I still seventeen. The sun is setting and it is a bit cold, but fortunatly Katniss is wearing her black jacket. The wind blows and makes huge waves in the sea. That is why there are a lot of surfers, probably. 10 or something. It are all boys of her age, maybe older. Tanned, muscled boys. Her friend Madge would describe it as "hotties". Katniss has no opinion about them, but they are surfing, and surfing looks kinda cool. Like they are controlling the waves. Maybe she could try it this summer, so she is not at her father's house. Katniss sits down in the sand, watching the surfers from a distance. One by one the surfers go to beach and then go to the waves again. Like a game. And Katniss likes it. There is one surfer Katniss recognizes everytime he comes back. The surfer has blonde hair, almost gold in the setting sun. But the reason that she recognize him is that he has a tattoo of an arrow at his hip. A hunting arrow. It is a small tattoo, but it is still a tattoo of an arrow. Katniss also has a tattoo of an arrow, at her arm. Almost the same size, just a bit different kind of arrow, but still a hunting arrow. Her mother was so angry when she saw the tattoo. "Why are rebelling the whole time? What have I done to you?" She doesn't understand that hunting is her passion. Okay, it started as an act of rebellion, but it became her passion. And when you take a tattoo, you don't have to be rebel. Katniss just did it without her mother's permission. Katniss keeps watching, for hours. Some surfers went home. Others stayed and kept going. "Watching the hot guys?" a male voice says behind her. She turns around and behind her stands a bald man. "Nah, I was eh, just going to leave," Katniss says and she stands up. She doesn't like this. "But you had a great view," the man says with a low voice. "And so had I." "Great. But I have to go," Katniss says, trying not to show how affraid she is. "Why?" And the man grabs her wrist. "That is none of your damn business." "Oh cheeky, I like that. I'm Brutus," he whispers in her ear. "And you look hot tonight." "Leave me alone!" Katniss says and tries to push him away. But he is too strong. "Oh no, I won't," he smiles and he grabs her jacket and pulls her closer. "Leave her alone!" a voice shouts. Brutus looks up, but before he can say anything, he is roughly pushed away. It is the blonde surfer. "Go away." Brutus laughs, but you can see that he is hurt, because of his face. "And you think you can handle me, blondie?" "I say it one more time. Leave her alone. Or I will push you to the ground again and call the police." Brutus looks angry at the boy and then at Katniss. "I will find you. With my friends," he whispers. He is drunk. The smell of alcohol walks into her nose. Brutus turns around and walks away into the darkness, leaving an affraid Katniss. What could have happened if this boy wasn't here? She doesn't want to think about it. She looks at the boy who just saved her. He has blue eyes, shimmering in the darkness. He takes her wrist gently. His hand is wet from the sea. "Are you hurt?" he asks. "No," Katniss says. "Good..." the boy says, and he hestitate a bit. "Watch out for him. He is a creepy guy." "I saw that," Katniss says. She should thank him. But she is too angry at herself, because she couldn't handle it alone. And this handsome boy looks very cocky and she hates that, The boy nodds. "Well, I was about to go home, actually. Bit cold to surf at night." "Don't you have wetsuit for that, or are you just trying to impress girls with your body?" She doesn't meant to be mean to him and she doesn't understand herself. This boy just saved her and she treats him like this? But the boy laughs. "No, I just prefer to surf without that wetsuit. But I think I have impressed you, because you were here watching all evening." She gives him an angry look. Who the hell does he think he is? But he laughs again. "I'm Peeta by the way." "Cool." "You know this was actually meant to get to know your name." "You didn't ask it." "What is your name?" "That is none of your business, Peter." "Peet-ah." "Whatever." Katniss stands up and starts to walk away. She catches a glimp of the arrow tattoo at his hip. Goddamn. "Katniss, where were you?" her father asks when Katniss walks inside. "None of your business," she mumbles. "It is my business. You are my daughter." "That is not my fault!" Her father sighs. "Go to your room and have some sleep. You had a busy day." "Stop saying what I have to do." But Katniss walks to a door and tries to open it. "That is the bathroom," her father says and he points to another door. "There is your room." "Whatever." She