A Christmas in Panem A little bit late, but I hope you still enjoy my story :) a bit based on the movie "A Princess for Christmas". I hope you had a merry Christmas and I wish you a great 2016! "Auntie Katniss?" I hear Willow's soft voice ask. It reminds me of her mother's: my little sister Prim. "Yes Willow?" I walk into her room. She is sitting on the ground with a box of pictures in front of her. Pictures from her mother, when she was younger. "I found this in your closet." "Why were you in my closet?" The 6 year old blushes. "I was looking for a dress. To play a princess." I smile. "You know, you can just ask me, right?" "Yeah," she blushes. "Well, let me take a look at what you found." "It are pictures. I think they are from mama." "They are. From when your mother were younger. And me." "Can we look at them?" "Of course." She deserves to see these pictures of her mother. To see how beautiful she was. With a beating heart, I open the box. The first picture is a photograph of my little family from the past. My smiling mother, my loving father and my sweet little sister next to me. It hurts that I'm the only one who is still alive. That they all went too soon. "Are they my grandparents?" Willow points to my parents. "Yes." "You look like grandpa." I smile. She talks of them like they are still here. "I know. And Prim, eh, I mean your mother, looks more like your grandma. So do you." "Really?" "Really." "But then I look beautiful!" I kiss her cheek. Willow is such a sweet girl. Just like her mother. "You are. You are a princess." She blushes and my heart melts. Then, her 12 year old brother walks into the room. "Hi Julius," I smile. "How was it at James'?" "Fun. It was too cold to play football outside, so we went gaming inside. What are you doing?" "I found a box with old pictures!" Willow says enthusiasticly. "From mama and aunt Katniss." The boy smiles, but I see it is forced. "I would like to see them too." He sits down next to me and I put my hand on his shoulder. Then I take the next picture. Me and Gale, a childhood friend. "Who is that boy?" Julius points to Gale. "Your boyfriend?" "Ahhhhhw that is so cute! Are you going to get married? I want a pretty dress too then," Willow says and I laugh. "No, this is Gale. A friend from my childhood. Actually, I haven't seen him in 10 years, since his wedding." "Are you going to marry?" Willow asks. "Maybe in the future." "Are there also pictures from my father?" Julius asks suddenly. That makes me think. I know who his father was. Rye Mellark, son of a duke somewhere in the UK. Prim met him when she was travelling there and fell in love. She started living in Europe and even though she wasn't a member of nobility, they had a relationship and were engaged. But then, right after Willow was born, Rye died because he was ill and Prim returned to Amercia and raised the children by her own. It was hard, but Prim was one of the strongest people I know, one of the most loving mothers out there and she could handle it. But then that horrible car accident happened on Christmas Eve, while she was driving home from her work, to her children who where at my place. She died and I took care of her two beloving children, without a doubt. But I don't have pictures of Rye Mellark, not that I know. I haven't even met the man my sister was planning to marry. "I will look for it," I say to Julius. He nods. I look at my two children. "Guys, I... I think it is time to have a real Christmas. It is in two weeks and... You deserve it." "A real one?" Willow asks. "Yes. You know, Aunt Katniss was a bit sad everytime with Christmas but I think this year we should really celebrate it. It is the most wonderful time of the year, after all." "I think it is a good idea," Julius smiles. "Mom always loved Christmas. I miss her." "Me too," I say. I miss her everyday. "Are we going to have a tree?" Willow asks. "Sure," I laugh. "Tomorrow we will buy one." I check my watch. "But first I should make dinner now, before we eat at midnight." "Can we watch the rest of the pictures?" Julius asks. "Of course. But be careful." "Has Willow finally stopped singing?" Julius sighs when he walks into my bedroom. It is 9PM and I am checking my emails. Maybe someone has replied on my letter of application. I hope so. Being fired right before Christmas and having two children to take care of, is not something that brings me happiness. I laugh. "Yes, half an hour ago. Is your homework done?" "Yes. Was not that much." "Good. Just a few more days before you have your break." I look at my computer. No reply on any of my letters. Just an email from Panem Castle, spam. I don't have enough money to go on a holiday in a castle. I sigh. "Oeh, a castle," Julius says. "Willow would love that. And me too, actually. Castles are beautiful. Can you open it?" "Sure," I sigh and when I open it, it is not a holiday offer. It is a real email from someone who lives in a castle. And then I remember it. Panem. Panem Castle. Rye. This is an email from the Mellark family. "Julius, this is..." "A real letter! From my father's family! They are inviting us to come over!" I see the enthusiasm in his eyes and I look down. "Jule, we don't have enough money for airpla..." "Can't you read? George Mellark is..." "You mean, your grandfather..." "My grandfather is going to pay! Please Aunt Katniss, can we go? We could have a real vacation to Europe and spend Christmas in a castle with family and..." "We do it." "It is snowing here!" Willow says a week later with a bright smile. "I love the other side of the ocean!" "Willow, get in the cab!" I laugh and the little girl with two blonde braids gets in the cab, next to her blonde brother. When we are all settled, the taxi starts driving. The landscape is beautiful here and because of the snow surrounding us, it looks like a real fairy tale. There are little villages on the tops of the hills, or in the vallies. And then, in a valley next to a river, I see the castle we are going to. And I may sound like a little girl, but I feel very excited. I understand why Prim wanted to go to Europe so badly. And I regret that I was so selfish to want that she would stay with me. I look at my cousins and their bright smiles make my heart shine inside. I can hear my footsteps when I walk in the entrance hall of Panem Castle, and I am not even wearing heels. Willow already starts running over the marble floor, but Julius stops her. "Willow, watch out! This is an old place, you have to be careful not to break anything here." "Good afternoon," a maid says, who welcomes us. She is wearing a black dress with a white apron, like she just walked out of a movie set. But she is friendly and I guess she is just a few years younger than me. "Are you a princess?" Willow asks. "Because you look like one and you live in a castle." The maid blushes. "No." She gives Willow her hand. "My name is Sophie. And how can I call you, beautiful girl?" "Willow. And this is Julius and this is auntie Katniss." "I will call Peeta. It was his idea to invite you here. Give me a minute. Make yourself at home." I take my coat off and then I see a blonde man walking into the hall. "Ah, you made it!" he says with a British accent. His eyes are incredible blue and I can't stop staring at them. I've never seen eyes being so blue before. For someone who lives in a castle, he is wearing casual clothes. A pair of jeans and a grey sweater. But you can see he is different, a member from nobility. It is a kind of posture he has, I guess. Or I just feel it. "Hello," I say. "My name is Katniss Everdeen. I..." "Peeta Mellark. It's my pleasure." He looks to Julius and Willow. "Willow and Julius," he smiles. "You two have grown so much!" "You are my uncle!" Julius says. "I think I remember you!" "Are you a prince?" Willow asks and I laugh. Peeta laughs too, and he may look a bit formal and, yes, stiff, but his laugh sounds true and fair. "Eh, well, I live in a castle. Would you two like to check it out?" "Yes!" Willow says and Julius takes her hand. "Stay together!" I call to them, but they are already gone, exploring Panem. Peeta smiles at them. "What a beautiful pair they are." In myself, I laugh a little because of his accent. It sounds adorable. "They are," I say. "I love them with whole my heart." "I am glad you made it. It is nice to have family around. It took years to convince my father." "Why?" I ask. "The loss of my brother was hard for him. And so was Prim's. He adored her. Everyone did here." I look at the ground. "I understand. She was a wonderful person." "She absolutely was. Christmas was always a special day here, but after Rye died and Prim returned to America, it hasn't been celebrated. I thought it would be time to celebrate again. With his grandchildren. And you, though I didn't know you, only because of stories." He smiles. "You know, I thought it was time too, for them, to celebrate Christmas again. Prim was a huge fan of it." "Rye too. Me too. I love Christmas." "Me too," I laugh. Then I smile. "Thank you, for inviting us. It will be the Christmas they have ever had." "I hope so," Peeta says. "And I hope for you too. Losing your younger sister and taking care of her children... It must have been tough sometimes for you. I hope this will be a great Christmas for you too." And before I can say anything, he walks away. This man doesn't even know me and shows more respect than anyone I've ever met, except for my sister. I look around me. I guess it is time for me to discover this castle as well. "So this is my room for the rest of the two weeks?" I ask Sophie, who walked along with me. "Yes. Willow and Julius will also have a room at this side of the castle. Do you like it, Miss Everdeen?" "Oh, please call me Katniss. And this room is beautiful, too beautiful for me," I laugh nervously. Because I am nervous. I will meet a man of nobility in an hour or something. "You are beautiful, if I may say that. And so does mr. Mellark," Sophie says proudly but then puts her hands for her mouth. "Oh, I am sorry!" "Mr. Mellark and I haven't even met yet," I chuckle. "But thank you for giving me confidence." "It were his son's words," Sophie says. "But don't tell anyone." "I won't," I promise her, feeling flattered that a man as handsome as Peeta called me beautiful. "I don't think his girlfriend Deliah would like it when she hears it. Though, maybe she