The sounds of people moving up and down the hallway outside my door woke me from my light sleep. I slowly opened my eyes allowing them a chance to get used to the light where there had been complete darkness. I could tell by the light that shone in through my window that the day was still new and fresh. It was honestly too new and fresh for my liking from the looks of things. I rolled over in my bed to look at the clock on my bedside table to find that indeed it was far too early. With that knowledge fresh in my mind I allowed myself to snuggle back beneath the covers and drifted back asleep. I was having the most pleasant of dreams when some sort of pounding had broken through the lovely images and caused me to open my eyes slowly in confusion. It only took me a moment before I realized that the pounding was coming from the door to my bedroom and I grumbled as I sat up in bed and stretched. I gently rubbed my eyes before throwing the covers off me. All the while the pounding never stopped. It was obvious that whoever was trying to wake me was growing impatient since the last few knocks sounded like they might just splinter the wood of my door. I thought it might be best to at least let them know I was awake so it would stop before I got a headache. "Fine, fine. I'm coming! Keep your pants on!" And with that I had thrown back the covers and placed my feet on the hardwood floor. I walked over to the door without being in much of a hurry at all. I turned the lock and then threw the door open to reveal my father standing there. He didn't look pleased with my laziness. I honestly didn't care as I raised a questioning brow, asking just what he wanted with me at this time of the morning. I knew better than to get snarky with the man, he ran things with an iron fist so to say. It wouldn't be tolerated. "Did you not recall that the reaping is today? It is nearly noon and we will not have you disgracing our family by not being there and looking your best. Don't bother coming down for breakfast, there is no time, make yourself presentable." I frowned at him, my eyebrows furrowed a bit as I just mumbled the only thing I knew to say in response to his command. "Yes sir. I will be down soon." I saw him nod before I shut the door and herd his heavy footsteps moving away from my door and to the stairs. I had absolutely nothing to worry about this reaping, I never had to worry. I was a proud member of District Two and everyone knows that we are a career district. I had been trained for this since I was barely able to walk on my own two feet. Yet, it wasn't my time yet. I was only sixteen and the way things worked around here no matter who was reaped someone always volunteered for you. We all attended the training academy and in the year before we turned eighteen we were all tested, whoever scored the best in these tests got the right to volunteer. It was considered to be an honor to represent your district. I was a shoe in to volunteer when I was eighteen since my brother had already returned a victor and I was at the top of my class. Yet, I still had to look my best. I would never dishonor my family with anything less. I walked into the bathroom that adjoined my bedroom, stripping off my nightgown and undergarments once I closed the door behind me. Then I approached the shower before turning the knobs that would get the water flowing. I placed my hand beneath the stream and adjusted the temperature until it was correct before I stepped beneath it. The hot water woke me up, one of the best things about being from a wealthy district and the sibling to a victor besides. My shower was quick, though, since I still had to get ready and make it to the town square before two o'clock. After washing my hair and scrubbing my body I had turned off the water then stepped out to wrap a towel around myself, brushing my teeth, and then walking back into my bedroom. I opened the door of my closet and looked over the dresses that hung there. What look should I go for? I questioned myself. I wasn't generally one for dresses but since Brock had won the games I had been forced to wear them any time someone was coming to the district to interview him or some such nonsense where it was possible that I could be spotted. So, looking through the numerous dresses that I now owned I picked out one that was deep blue in color. It matched my eyes nicely, or so I was told when it was sent to me with a note from my brother while he was mentoring last year. I had yet to wear it but I decided now was as good a time as any. After making sure my body had been completely dried I had stepped into the dress before moving to look at myself in the full length mirror. It fit me nicely, clinging to my body just where it should and it stopped about mid-thigh. The top was strapless with small rhinestones adorning it. Quickly I pulled my hair back into a simple yet elegant up do and looked at myself one last time before deciding that I looked amazing. And then the pounding started at the door again and I was ready to snap. Though, it soon stopped and Brock let himself in. I smiled now, my brother and I were always pretty close. We had lost our mother when we were young and with father working in the marble mines all the time we were left to learn to live for ourselves most of the time. I hugged him quickly since I knew he would be gone for a few weeks after this. I would be left here with only my father for company. I never looked forward to this but I always survived. After a quick but not unfriendly embrace we parted and I smiled up to my big brother before speaking. "You try to enjoy yourself while you're gone. I will be fine, I'll keep father from doing anything stupid and then when you come back you can tell me all about your stay." The whole time I spoke, I did so with a smile. I knew nothing of the negatives that most associated with this time of year and this event since I was always raised to see things in a different light. It was an honor. I listened to my brother's seemingly genuine. "I will enjoy myself as much as humanly possible." I laughed a bit at his response though I didn't really think much of it. "I'll write you while I'm gone, I know you will miss me terribly." I placed the back of my hand to my forehead with a large faked overdramatic sigh. "Oh, how will I ever survive the month without my big brother here by my side?" I heard his laughter as he shoved my shoulder playfully. The idea of him writing to me actually did make me smile. We hadn't ever really been apart except for training before he volunteered for his games so it was always nice to know he was still thinking of me in his absence. Maybe he would even send me something as well. I could only hope. I did enjoy it when my brother lavished me with gifts while he was away. And I felt I deserved it since it fell to me to make sure that my father didn't go on some drunken rampage if our tributes weren't doing exactly what he wants and in turn lost him money. My father wasn't generally a particularly violent man nor was he one who often turned to alcohol. The games seemed to bring the best out of him (or rather the worst). He would spend the whole games with his buddies betting on which tribute would win, which would die next, all sorts of things. And with his buddies around it sometimes turned into a drinking competition as well. And when this happened it had become my job to make sure he kept himself out of trouble. I loathed having to deal with all of the drunken middle aged men in the house as well as my own father amongst them. It was just something that I had to deal with. And I was responsible for things at that point. "Come on, princess, it is time to head to the square. Wouldn't want to be late and give him something to throw a fit about already." I laugh as I hear his words. We are close in age and such, being only four years apart, but he had always called me princess. Ever since I can remember. I had asked him why once before and he told me that was what mother had always called me before her death when I was two. I barely even remembered her at this point but I enjoyed the reminder he gave me that she had loved us. I then nodded and grabbed a pair of blue flats that would match my dress from beside my bed and slipped them on before gracefully moving after my brother. We made it to the square with a little time to spare. There were already plenty of other kids lined up before me. A group of girls turned and looked me over before grinning from ear to ear at my ensemble. I recognized them easily as the closest thing to friends that I had in this place. Of course, even as friends I knew that they were also my competition so I didn't get too close to them. It was a personal choice for me but one that I thought was necessary. "Cali! You look lovely!" A smile spreads over my lips as I hear the comment from the one girl who I actually might consider to be a friend, Lorelei Flannigan. "Thanks, Lore! You look great too!" A small smile spread over my lips as I spoke with one of the few friends I could actually claim to have. Friendships weren't something I was generally comfortable with. I felt much safer keeping myself distanced and focused on my training. In the same way, love was something that had never interested me. There would be time for that once I was a victor. Then I would have my choice of men within the district. "You want to come over and do some training after this is over?" She knew all too well that I got a bit antsy while my brother was gone. Every time he returned after mentoring he was a little more withdrawn for a few weeks. He kept to himself and I didn't look forward to that side of my brother. We tended to spend a lot of time together when my brother was away. She even helped me babysit my father and his rowdy friends from time to time. The fact that her own father was among them only made things a bit more bearable for both of us. At least we could understand each other's situations. "Sure, sounds like a plan." We moved along silently for a few steps as the line moved, it was a comfortable silence. There was nothing else to say in the moment. Before long Lorelei was speaking once more, though. "This is definitely going to be a good game this year, another win for