Disclaimer : I do not own nor make any profit off of The Lord of the Rings or any related works. It all belongs to J.R.R. Tolkien, New Line Cinema, etc. A/N : In Professor Tolkien's universe, there is no mention of Legolas ever marrying in Arda. This is one possibility that entered my mind. May be considered AU in some aspects, but not very many I would wager. Legolas/OC. Wildflowers To Gimli's distinctly non-Elvish eyesight, it seemed that Legolas was lost in dreams without even sleeping. Indeed, the elf's eyes were wide open and as clear as the stars on a moonless night. The early morning sun cast a golden-white glow about his friend's lean form and even with Lord Glorfindel standing beside him, it seemed that the younger elf was exceptionally bright. The reborn balrog-slayer had become a frequent companion for Legolas in the last, waning years of Elessar's reign. Gimli suspected it was a relief to have someone who understood the longing to go into the West while still ignoring the feeling in favor of a promise made. Glorfindel did not seem perturbed as he also perused the ocean waves from Legolas' side, but Gimli was not prepared to take his word versus a line of inquiry. "Does something pester your mind, laddie?" The stout dwarf did not need to state a name for Legolas to understand that the question was directed at him. Friends did not require so many inquisitions on some subjects after this many years of comradeship. "Nay, my friend." The dutiful response did not seem adequate on its own. "I would not say it 'pesters' me, as yet…" A small smile crossed the young archer's face when Gimli harrumphed in agitation. It was so like his dwarven companion to want more information than what was likely considered proper conversational material. Apparently Glorfindel agreed with Legolas' theory for he too was smiling, albeit in a rather more sly and mysterious manner. "I am simply remembering," the former Prince of Mirkwood cut off what he imagined would have been a particularly unfriendly remark about his unwillingness to discuss anything with anyone. "Remembering what, for instance?" The red-bearded dwarf was most insistent, but instead of insulted at this breech of common formalities (as his father likely was at the moment), Legolas found himself in an unorthodox position of wishing to speak what was on his heart and mind this day. In blissful memory the fair-haired archer closed his eyes; sights and scents of a multitude too large to describe flashed through the paths of his mind like the first flurries of snow in early wintertime. "A lady," came the prince's soft response at last. Thranduil seemed very mildly aghast at the bluntness of that statement, by Legolas' reckoning, but there was no reason to hide anything now. As far as the archer was concerned, he trusted all aboard as implicitly as he would his own mind. "A lady, you say?" Elladan, curious as ever, entered the conversation from the prow of the ship where Cirdan had given him the helm for a time. "I never heard you speak of a lady. Truly, I have never even heard rumor of you finding love in the slightest." "I have found it," Legolas admitted freely, turning to face his companions as Glorfindel glanced toward him from the corner of his eye. "It is of the love we shared for a time that I reminisce." "By the Stars," Gimli exhaled loudly in astonishment, gazing in wonder at the stoic friend he had accompanied all these long years after the war had ended, "You must surely tell us of her. At first I believed you to be dreaming in the broad light of day, but I had certainly not expected this." Smiling slightly, the archer leaned back against the rail of the ship with graceful ease and thought how to begin his story. "Oh, I did dream..." the young elf's tone was misty with reminiscence as he recalled his only love. "I dreamed of slender arms and gentle hands... Sweet, rose-colored lips... Silken tresses of raven hair brushing across my skin. A tender smile and sparkling dark eyes looking at me with such a love as only comes once in a lifetime... Yet she was full of fire, my lady; feisty to her very bones and equally as stubborn as she was moody. I will not claim to you that we were without argument or reproach between the two of us. But within the same breath I will tell you that she was wonderful and affectionate." Thranduil felt his eyes misting over slightly from the love in his youngest child's voice. He had carried the same measure of love for his dear wife for a great number of years and still retained that tell-tale emotion within his heart. Why had he never recognized his son's love-filled heart before? Had he been blind to it or ignored it in some way? It felt treacherous to be so ignorant of his own son's feelings. An even greater question to his worried mind was why in all of Arda had his son never married this deeply-loved lady? Had he believed his father incapable of accepting her? The theory was foolhardy even for the most unrealistic of beings. Despite the questions brimming in all his companions, the young prince's story was not interrupted. The mist arisen from the sea to rest around them added a great mystery to this unknown tale, as the spice adds flavor to the meat. "I remember the moment that my dream came true..." Legolas saw himself standing amongst a field of flowers beneath a high stone balcony before climbing up to his tall, radiant lady as swiftly and silently as any specter. "I stood in a field of wildflowers, marked only by that dear lady whom saw my coming and my going in the silence of a starlit night." He had left her as he had come, a pale ghost which leaves no visible mark, but whom has affected much. At times the solemn, lonely part of his mind had questioned if he was not just that… a specter of insignificant meaning in a life of such color, beauty, and energy that it could never be replicated by any life that might inhabit the world. "I remember the night I begged her to leave with me." Legolas' voice grew impossibly sad and Thranduil's eyes flew to his son's face for some degree of understanding. Who was this lady that had taken so much of his son's heart and yet left his family in complete ignorance of her undeniably important place in the prince's life? The last King of Eryn Lasgalen pondered this puzzle with a frustrating lack of answers as his son continued to speak. "It was in the same gently flowering field where she had first grasped my heart so tightly." Such was the strength of their love that he would have risked duty and honor and title for her heart. His very family, he would have willingly given up for the only thing she had to offer... her love. Yet nothing more would he have asked of her, for her affection was a far greater offering than mere riches or title could have provided. "She would not come," he admitted ever more sadly, but with resignation. However, his friends' bristling grumbles and exhales made him smile once again. "It was her request that I not abandon my family and my duties. She begged it of me; to go back and take only the memory of our blooming romance with me upon my return." The formerly snarling and snapping countenances of his younger friends aboard were swiftly replaced with the shocked or softening faces of ones who understood the sacrifice of a loving heart. Legolas' beatific smile was their reward for this understanding. It seemed compensation enough for the rejection they had become so offensive of a mere moment ago. "Where is she now?" Elrohir tentatively inquired of the young blonde elf, wary of speeding hurt to his heart. "She passed unto the other side a great many years ago." Legolas' features bespoke the sorrow of his parting to all who looked upon him. "She sailed?" Elladan looked with empathy upon his friend, thinking on the pain his mother's choice had brought their family, even unto that very day as he and his brother sailed to greet her and their beloved father. Legolas did not speak, but turned away toward the sea in a fit of deep and difficult sadness. Stars above, would he ever see her lovely face again? Valinor might be the blessed realm of rest and peace, but how could one move on without the other half of their soul? "Nay," Celeborn spoke at last, a deep sorrowful façade wrinkling the otherwise smooth skin of his brow, "she did not sail." The implications of this unexpected statement left a silence among the passengers of the ship. Thranduil could not believe how much he did not know about his own son. Even Lord Celeborn seemed to understand the strange and unwritten events that had occurred so long ago. Would Legolas even speak of it again, if he asked it of him? The former King had no wish to cause pain to his youngest, but he wanted to understand that which he had not been apart of. The conversation was lost in the wind as they traveled ever nearer to their destination. Gimli refrained from words for now, but ever did he wish he knew some words of comfort for his dear friend. Thranduil found no way of broaching this sensitive topic with his child, even as much as he wished he could help. Legolas spoke no more, but continued to stare out at the sea in longing for the lady who was his heart's desire. Glorfindel was ever by his side with a hand upon his shoulder, leading all to believe that the elder elf knew the most about who the lady was and how she had passed from Arda. Days or perhaps weeks passed this way, it did not truly matter to any but Gimli, who was becoming increasingly agitated by the length of this voyage. Lord Cirdan's estimated travel time was off kilter by at least a week, he was certain of it! Something was not right or they would have been there by now. Not a full day had passed from this thought that Gimli was sent tumbling by a wave that rocked the entire ship about. Cirdan was entirely unfazed by the increasingly rough going and by the time Gimli had noticed any change in the rocking of their vessel he was already standing and gazing at the whitest beach he had ever beheld in his lifetime. So many elves waited in the quay that the passengers looked at one another in rapt curiosity. It was no small wonder that they had attracted such a host, what with seven renowned Elven Lords aboard and a not-so-unknown dwarf as their companion. Legolas' eyes easily caught sight of the Lady Galadriel at the head of the queue, along with a silver-haired elf that made Legolas cry out in joy, the first sound he had made in days. Elladan and Elrohir followed his line of sight only to exclaim similar joyful proclamations at the sight of Haldir, returned to them from Mandos. Celeborn chuckled amusedly at the young ones, glad himself that the young Captain had been returned. Beside his son, Thranduil spotted his wife and elder children amongst the front lines as well, looking more radiant than he had ever seen them. "Legolas, there!" he commented happily to his son, whose jubilant face upon seeing the rest of his family was beyond heartening for his father's worried mind. As the ship docked, those aboard stepped off with varying emotions coiling amongst them, Cirdan and Celeborn leading the way toward Galadriel. Elrond's sons followed their Grandfather