Author's Note: Hey peeps just a little story I started a while ago and have a few chapters stored away. thought you might all enjoy it :) Coven of Seven Chapter 1 A 71 one-year-old Harry Potter stood at his bedroom window looking at the eternal night sky outside looking no older than twenty-one. The sky reminded him of a muggle movie he had seen years ago. It was called the matrix and in the story, humankind doomed themselves and eventually the planet. With their weapons, they destroyed the earth's atmosphere. Well, oddly enough it had truly happened that way. The war with Voldemort had been brutal and vicious and long lasting. After nearly four decades of fighting, Harry, and his coven had finally killed him and most of his followers. However, by that time, Voldemort's wholesale slaughter of muggles had ruined the statute of secrecy. The whole world knew they existed and the extermination of the magical world had begun. That war only took ten years as muggles and wizards each realized that the other was not so easily killed. Eventually in desperation muggles had unleashed nuclear warfare across the whole planet expecting their deep underground bunkers to protect them and for the magicals to be decimated. It had worked in a way. Though their bunkers were not enough protection from the devastation they unleashed most of the wizardkind had died with them as well. The world population the last time Harry checked was just under ten thousand and it was quickly declining. The world itself was dying from what had been done to it. Harry was pulled from his thoughts by a warm pair of arms wrapping around his waist and a soft body pressing against his from behind. Warm lips leaving a trail of kisses over his shoulder blades. "Come back to bed my Warlock, three of us are still waiting for our last turn with you before tomorrow's ritual," Harry smiled as he heard the loud moans of several women from the bed behind him and even some howls of pleasure meaning Hermione was being serviced as well. It seems his girls had awoken and started without him again. Harry was the Warlock to six witches and together then made a coven of seven, a very powerful magical number. A coven was a collection of witches under a single wizard who was named their warlock. Coven's had largely fallen out of use in the past five hundred years within the magical world mainly because of the blood magic required to form a coven. The ritual bound each witch of the coven to the Warlock by their blood. And through the blood bond, the Warlock had ownership over and responsibility for the witches. Much like a muggle harem, though each of the women in a coven was treated well and respected for the most part. In return for the bond, the Warlock was to provide for their needs and future, to teach them, or provide teachers for them and to protect them, physically, mentally and legally. Harry's coven was different in that each of his girls had given a piece of their souls to him and in turn, he had given each of his girls a piece of his own soul. He had learned the trick in his quest to destroy Voldemort, they were called horucuxes and required a ritual and a premeditated murder without remorse. Harry had discovered that destroying a Horcruxes counted as premeditated murder so long as he was aware of what it was when he destroyed it. All of his Horcruxes and each of the girls Horcruxes were in fact made by destroying other people Horcruxes, mostly Voldemort's but they had found a few in the pyramids in Egypt and even Morgan LeFay had a few that they found and destroyed in their search for enough power to defeat Voldemort. When dumbledore had learned what Harry and his girls had done to ensure their victory he had been disgusted and quickly turned the public against them. Even in the war against the muggles Harry and his girls were seen as the new Dark Lord and his dark Ladies by the wizards and attacked by both sides. To Harry and his girls though the pros far outweighed the cons. They had all stopped aging once they had fully matured and the only way to truly kill any of them was to in fact kill all of them. So long as even one of his girls lived she could create a new body for Harry and once Harry was restored he could restore each of his girls. They could draw on each other's magical power to perform feats that would seem godly in their power for an individual to perform. With effort, they could send or retrieve thoughts to each other, they were all thankful it took a conscious effort to exchange thoughts and they didn't flow freely between them. They couldn't imagine how distracting it would be to always hear six other in their minds. Though the thoughts did not travel freely they were given and taken between each other without needing any permission. They were a coven, the most powerful coven in history. They all loved each other, they all depended on each other, and they all shared everything. Each of his girls had also taken his last name for their own as was their rights. His girls were Fleur Potter, Hermione Potter, Daphne Potter, Luna Potter, Susan Potter and Ginny Potter "I will join you all in a moment I promise." The women behind him sighed and pressed her naked chest more firmly into his naked back. "I get you first when you join us?" He could hear the pleading pout in her voice and smirked softly. "Yes Fleur, my beautiful fallen angel I will make sure to come to you first." The women purred at her pet name and black wings folded around Harry from behind as the women's fingernails turned to talons and Harry felt soft down feather appearing all over her body proving the woman's Veela heritage. Most men who married Veela were put off by the thought of intimacy with them while they were in their half bird form, however, Harry and each of his other girls found her transformed state extremely arousing. She truly looked like a fallen angel with large back wings and sharp-taloned hands. Her body grew extremely soft black down feather that covered her arms, legs, sides leaving her lovely rear, breasts, stomach and pussy bare. Her back was also bare but for a single strip of down feathers that covered her spine from tailbone to the hairline. Her eyes turned from their sapphire blue to a brilliant gold that literally glowed. Fleur wasn't the only one that wasn't completely human in their coven. Hermione was a werewolf and because of her attempts to find a cure developed a half shifted form. Her fur was brown just like her hair and the fur covered the same parts of her body as Fleur's down feathers, legs, arms, and sides, leaving the rest of her body bare. Such a half form came about from a modified version of the wolfsbane potion. It was a failed attempt at a cure but after its effect, Hermione was in fact very pleased with the outcome as were the rest of the girls who all found her furry form attractive. Hermione had been bitten back in their third year by Professor lupin, though Harry and Ron hadn't found out about her condition for years. The potion afforded her completely control of herself at all times and even stopped any kind of mandatory change even during the full moon. It separated the wolf mind from her own mind allowing her to sleep restfully without the nightmares that normally plagued werewolves, and if she drew on the power of the wolf her senses were greatly enhanced, she had a sense of smell better than most hounds, and could hear a person's heartbeat from twenty feet away. However drawing the power also caused her to partially shift into her 'furry' form. Harry was broken from his thoughts as another loud howl of pleasure filled the room and Harry smirked turning to join his six ladies on their massive bed. Tonight was possibly their last night together as tomorrow his girls would be sacrificing their lives to power a ritually that would hopefully send Harry back in time to save their world from destruction. Their Horcruxes would survive the time travel, but they could only send Harry's memories back. They all shared the fear that their coven would not reform in the past. And tonight was a night of passion and hope edged with great sorrow. -o0O0o- Harry Potter, the most powerful 'dark' lord in history stood naked in the center of a hexagram drawn in blood and filled with thousands of minuscule runes six black-robed figures stood to the side watching him. "It is ready my loves. Let us get started." At his words they all started walking towards him shedding their robes to show six gorgeous women dressed the same as Harry, that is to say not at all. The first reach him was Luna a petite Blonde with silver eyes. Once she was close enough she leaped the remaining distance into Harry's arms and wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist as she attacked his lips with her own and Harry grabbed her small tight rear to hold her up as they kissed. After a few seconds, Harry could feel her tears spilling onto his face during the heated kiss and her broke away to nuzzle their cheeks together. No words needed to be said. They were all about to sacrifice their lives for the chance for sending him back in time in an effort to save the entire world. "I love you, Little Moon. Our bond will survive I promise." Harry whispered gently into Luna's ear before he bit it gently causing Luna to moan then whine in disappointment as he set her down on her feet. He slapped her small bottom causing her to yelp slightly before she smiled brilliantly at Harry and she walked to her spot on one of the points in the diagram shaking her rear the entire time. Harry like normal was unable to pull his eyes away from the sight until warm hands cupped his cheeks and pulled him into a fierce kiss by his veela girl Fleur, he recognized her by taste alone. Her mouth always tasted of cinnamon. Though Harry saw all his girls as equals in beauty each personifying completely different ideas of beauty. Where Luna was his tiny petite pixy Fleur was his bombshell with wide hips and large breasts giving her a perfect hourglass figure long silver hand that passed her rear in length just brushing the top of her thighs in the back. Harry hands drifted immediately to Fleur's hips and pulled her body flush against his as they kiss continued for a few minutes. Finally, Fleur pulled away and looked into his emerald green eyes with her sapphire ones for a long moment before they flashed gold and kissed him again briefly before turning and heading to her point. No words were shared between them but each of their eyes were filled with enough love that is was unnecessary. Next up was his beautiful snake, Daphne. Her eyes were almost a perfect match to his own though her hair was the complete opposite, blonde and perfectly straight as it just brushed her shoulder in length. She had a body of an athletic. Strong, lean with no bulging muscles her body was toned perfection her breasts were only slightly under average in size but extremely perky she hardly ever wore a bra because she didn't need the support it provided. She walked forward with the hypnotic grace of a serpent and upon reaching