All Because of a Badge In the land of AU, which is the symbol for gold, there are many stories. Like the use of gold, some of it is for good, and some of it is for bad. Let us visit a little story which hopefully will be more bad than good. If it is not, well, there are others. We start today in the wonderful world of magic, on a train heading to a wonderful place called Hogwarts, where things are happening differently this time. -ooo- Harry sat as the blonde kid looked in his compartment and asked if it was true that he'd come to Hogwarts. As the boy sneered at Ron Weasley, his first magical friend, suddenly the blonde boy's eyes widened. "Is that a Chudley Cannons badge?" Ron's eyes went wide but then narrowed, his posture slumped and defensive. "Yeah, but they're getting better." "I know!" The blonde boy nodded. "They just signed that Keeper, what's his name, the old one who came out of retirement?" The sneer was gone from his voice, now replaced with excitement. "Bob DuVanta, that's his name! You're a Cannons man?" Ron's face lit up as he looked to Harry and back to the other boy in wonder. "Really?" "Really!" He opened part of his plain black Hogwarts student robes to show an orange Cannons badge pinned to his shirt. "I never meet Cannons supporters. I'm Draco Malfoy." "Ron Weasley." Ron nodded towards Harry. "And yeah, that's Harry." "Harry Potter." Harry nodded but gave them both a confused look. "Who are the Cannons? From the the hallway outside the compartment two boys shook their heads. One of them, the taller one, stuck his head in the door. "We're sick of you moaning on about the Cannons. We did our part, we promised your mum, you're on your own, Draco." With that the two boys left, leaving the ones inside the compartment looking at each other. Draco looked somewhat angry. "My mum made them promise to look after me on the train, to make sure I got with the 'right sort' of people." "Oh." Ron made a face. "What do you mean, right sort?" Harry looked at him, ready to spring to Ron's defense. He hadn't known Ron long, but he'd had enough of bullies to know what 'right sort' usually meant. "Slytherin types, that sort of thing. But..." Draco leaned forward and lowered his voice. "...if I know anything from Quidditch I know Cannons fans have to stick together." Ron's face broke out into the largest smile and he sat up straight. "Yeah! Just because we finished last doesn't mean we can't win it all this year!" "Sorry." Harry shook his head. "Exactly who are the Cannons again?" Both Draco and Ron began talking at the same time, waving their hands about, and began to give Harry his education in Quidditch. Since Harry was having a hard time grasping the concepts Ron and Draco used sweets from the trolley to make stand-ins for the hoops, players and the different types of balls required to play the game. It was while Draco was trying to explain how a Snitch moved and had taken out his wand when a girl came into the compartment asking if they had seen a lost toad, but her eyes lit up when she saw Draco's wand. "Oh, so you're going to do magic, then? Well, let's see." "Uh..." Draco's excitement dimmed. "Mother let me use magic but it was on, um, larger things, I'm not sure..." He looked again at the floor of the compartment, where spread out on a piece of parchment were a couple of chocolate frog boxes, some Bertie Botts beans and the Acid Pop that was standing in for the Snitch. This was his first time doing magic in front of other people besides his family and he didn't want to let his family down. And he couldn't look bad in front of another Cannons man. Oh, and Harry Potter. "I guess I can just do the Snitch... wingardium leviosa." The acid pop slowly began rising in the air, and Draco began to feel relieved, but then all of the candy began rising in the air. They all looked at each other and then, one by one, the realisation hit them. They were rising in the air. "Stop it!" The girl looked over to Draco. "Stop it right now!" "I can't!" Draco looked over to Ron. "Can you?" "No, I'm rubbish." He shook his head. "Harry?" "I just found out I'm a wizard, what do you think?" "Are you Harry Potter?" The girl looked at him. "You just found out you're a wizard? That doesn't make any sense. I've read all the books about you and...oh, so sorry. Hermione Granger." as all of them were now stuck on the top of the compartment ceiling she turned to look at the person next to her but had to move a foot out of her face. "And you two are?" "Ron Weasley." Draco Malfoy." "Pleasure. Hermione Granger." She turned to look at Draco. "Can't you stop it?" "Oh. Right." Draco went to wave his wand but noticed it was down on the floor. "Um, my wand's down there." "Honestly." Hermione rolled her eyes and then began scooting across the ceiling towards the door. Once her head was outside in the hall she began yelling for a prefect. Ron closed his eyes tightly and began muttering softly 'please don't be Percy, please don't be Percy, please don't be Percy...' "What seems to be..." He stopped and looked up. "Ron, did you do this?" "Agggggggh." Ron opened his eyes. "Percy, get us down." "I should leave you up there for the rest of the trip as an example, but Mum would not be pleased." With a quick flick of his wand and a half-muttered spelleveryone floated back down, the food coming at a slower rate. Percy reached out, took a chocolate frog and stuffed it into the pocket of his robes. "Ron, you should know better than to try anything on the train. It's almost time, you should get your things sorted. Before the Sorting. Sorted before the sorting. Rather good." As Percy walked off down the hallway the four looked at each other and then to Ron. With a resigned sigh Ron nodded. "He's my brother and a Prefect in Gryffindor." Hermione smoothed out her robe and looked towards Ron and Harry. "You two should put on your robes. I'm going to keep looking for Neville's toad. If you see it put it in your pocket, we'll all be together at the sorting. And you..." She turned to Draco. "It's a good thing we're going to Hogwarts. Starting spells is good but I'm sure we need to know how to stop them, too. For your information it's finite ." With that she turned and left the compartment. Draco made a face at her back as she left and turned as Ron clapped him on the shoulder. "Of course you knew what it was, don't let her bother you, she seems like a nightmare. If she knew it why didn't she stop it? Oh well. Wonder where she'll get sorted? I don't want to be there." -ooo- Ron and Harry sat up in Ron's bedroom, Quidditch magazines spread out on the floor. Both of them absentmindedly flipped through the pages, their eyes going back and forth to the Chudley Cannons clock on the wall, as if willing the hands to move faster. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, the hands moved to the anticipated position and both boys shot out of the room, sounding like a herd of elephants on the stairs. When they got down to the bottom they stopped suddenly, Harry actually running into Ron's back and making him take a step forward. An elegantly dressed woman had her wand out, siphoning Floo powder away, but Draco was there. Most importantly he had his broom. Before they could say a word though Ron's mum stepped in front of them and took over. "Boys, before...yes, you may fly but only after we've done this properly." She turned to the woman. "Molly Weasley, you must be Mrs. Tonks. Welcome to our home." "Andromeda, please. Thank you, Molly. May I call you Molly?" "Of course, of course." She pulled Ron in front of her. "This is our Ron and..." She reached over and pulled Harry in front as well. "And this is Harry Potter. Boys..." Draco rolled his eyes. "Very nice to meet you, Mrs. Weasley. Auntie, may I..." Andromeda rolled her eyes and waved her hands as if she was shooing chickens. "Go, go, Quidditch mad...just go. Go." That was all the encouragement the boys needed as they all ran outside. As Andromeda sniffed in irritation and Molly hesitantly chuckled they sat down for tea. Once everything had been prepared Andromeda took a sip and sighed. "If anyone would have told me a year ago it would be like this I would have signed them up for St. Mungo's." Molly nodded. "It was rather a shock, Ron being sorted into Hufflepuff. All his brothers before in Gryffindor..." Andromeda snorted and covered her mouth, which made both women giggle slightly. "I do apologise, but your Ron being sorted into Hufflepuff is nothing compared to when my nephew Draco Malfoy, son and heir of Lucius Malfoy, was sorted into Hufflepuff. A Hufflepuff Malfoy." Molly nodded. "That was rather a shock." "Enough to put Lucius in St. Mungo's." She took a sip of tea and looked to Molly. "You do know that's what happened? I thought it was common knowledge." "Arthur didn't say, just that Lucius had taken ill." She hesitated for a moment. "There are all sorts of horrible rumours about the cause." "Heart attack, plain and simple. He'd raised Draco to be a Slytherin since birth, and had figured Ravenclaw at the worst, but never Hufflepuff. His heart attack scared my sister, so she called me. Hadn't heard from her in years. That led to a few very...honest conversations." Before anyone could respond the Floo once again came into life. Molly smiled as her husband gave her a little wave and then siphoned the Floo powder from the girl next to him. "That was amazing! Than you, Mr. Weasley." The girl turned to the other two witches. "Thank you so much for having me. Hermione Granger." "You're quite welcome, dear." Molly smiled. "They boys are outside on their brooms." "As expected." Hermione shook her head. "Thank you. This way?" She pointed to a door. Seeing an affirmative nod she headed out the door. After Arthur exchanged greetings with Andromeda he left to go find his daughter, saying they had plans, leaving the two witches alone once again. Andromeda peered out the window for a moment and then turned back to her hostess. "So that is Miss Hermione Granger. I've heard quite a bit about her." Molly nodded. "She's in Ravenclaw with Harry. Quite good friends. Very bright girl. I have to say, it's been wonderful for Ron to have a friend who shares his love of the Cannons. His brothers are horrible to him about it." Andromeda took a sip of tea and very casually nodded. "Draco as well. I'll wager quite a bit of gold that Lucius never knew what he was doing when he took Draco to that match all those years ago." She paused, tapping her finger against the side of her tea cup, deciding. Eventually she set her cup down. "And all four of those children were involved with the Quirrell matter as well." She looked over to Molly and saw she'd hit a nerve. "I have my sources." "Well...yes. Poor dears, no one should have to go through that their first year of Hogwarts." "Agreed." Let's hope their remaining years at Hogwarts are much calmer." -ooo- Christmas, 1997 Five a.m. The gloom had settled over the tent yet again. Hunting horcruxes was