This is my first fanfiction that doesn't focus on a Godlike POV (in short, only focus on one POV instead of everyone's POV). And you might be thinking, why Tratie? Well, it is because they don't feel that much love in the fanfiction community. Most of the time, every time I open the site, the only stories I always see is all about Percabeth or Solangelo. So, I knew I had to change it up a bit. The other reason why I want to do this kind of story is that I find the plot of a Tratie fanfic practically the same as the last one: Good proper girl hates pranks a lot guy guy does stupid things to impress girl it works (for some reason) slowly falls in love kiss etc. And, for me, being the same = being lame. So, I want to make it as interesting as possible. So, here I am! Now, here is chapter one! And, always take note: I don't own these guys. Chapter 1: Trashed Vans The days of Camp Half Blood are like any other day. The campers are laughing while doing camp activities, the satyrs are helping with strawberry fields, campers coming back full of blood and gold dust from their quest, Chiron telling off the Stoll brothers about their last extreme prank. Everything is going exactly as they should be doing. But that all changed when the head councilor of the Demeter Cabin, Katie Gardner, screamed at the top of her lungs. Under normal circumstances, her screaming is normal in her cabin. And, often times it is because of two things: forgetting about her garden duties or seeing that her cabin is once again the target of the Stoll's idiotic pranks. Either way, she would really scream about it. But, this time, it wasn't either of the two. It was because of a letter addressed to her from her father. Miranda Gardiner, one of Katie's half-sister, walked inside her half-sister's room, apparently expecting her to see her half-sister in a hurry to get back to the garden or in rage with what the Stolls had done this time. What she didn't expect was the look of depression that her half-sister is showing. "What's wrong?" She asked Katie. Her half-sister didn't talk and instead gave the letter she received. Miranda took the letter and starts to read it. "Dear Katie. How are you doing?" She started. "I am doing fine here in your grandparents' barn. I wanted to talk to you about this through an Iris message, but I ran out of drachmas you have left this summer. So, I am going to give my big announcement here. An old friend of mine in college said that they were looking for people to recruit for a big environmental project and they wanted me to help them in the project!" Being closely acquainted with Kaite's dad, Miranda cheered. "Way to go, Mr. Gardner!" She looked at Katie and frown. "Why are you upset about this? This is great news!" "Just keep reading." She replied. Miranda continued her reading. "This job is going to be life-changing for both of us! That is why I instantly said yes. My job is going to be in Boston, and I want you to come along with me and continue your studies there. I want you to be there with me." At these words, Miranda paused. She knew how much Katie loved her school. It is no wonder why she is upset. Nevertheless, she continued reading. "Please Iris message me about what you think about my job. I missed you so much and I am excited to hear what you have to say about it. Hope to see you soon. Your dad, Mark Gardner." Awkward silence filled the air after Miranda finished the letter and gave it back to Katie. It was only broken when Miranda asked. "Did you IM him yet?" Katie shook her head. "I don't know what to say to him. I'm happy that he got a job and all, but—" "—You don't want to leave your place?" Miranda cut in, to which Katie nodded. "I grew up there. My dad grew up there. My grandparents grew up there. I met all of my best friends there. I killed my first monster there. There is no way I could tell him that it is ok that we leave my grandparent's house." Katie said to her. To this, Miranda just sighed and shook her head. "Katie, aren't you being a bit too selfish about this?" "What—" Katie tried to talk, but Miranda cut her off. "I mean, I know it is none of my business and all, but isn't it your dad's dream of becoming someone great in the agricultural department? And, he almost had that dream too. But, he threw his dream away and lived a quiet life with your grandparents just so that he could raise you properly." Katie flinched at these words. Who knew telling Miranda about her dad's almost big success in the Agricultural world would bite her in the butt one day? "And now that he has a chance to finally follow his dream with you in it, you are just going to destroy it just because you are too selfish to go with him to Boston?" Katie could have gotten mad at Miranda for calling her selfish, but what she just said was true. This may be her dad's only chance of ever having his dream, and all she is doing is breaking just for the sake of being with friends. "You are right, Miranda. I am being a bit selfish about this. I think I should go talk to him about this and see how we could manage to get some of my plants from Kansas to Boston." Miranda clapped her hands. "That's the spirit! How about we go to Cabin 12? I heard they just made a great tasting apple juice." "If I ask, can I come along?" Said a very cheerful Connor Stoll as his head appeared from her window. At the sight of the first half of the Stoll brothers, Katie's face distorted into a glare. "What are you doing here, Stoll?" She hissed at him. "Nice to meet you too, little miss sunshine of Cabin 4." Connor said with a grin, which made Katie glare even more. "And, like I said, I heard you guys are going to Pollex's cabin, and I was wondering if I could come along." He asked to the daughters of Demeter with a dazzling smile that looks exactly like his dad, Hermes. Charmed, Miranda was about to say yes when Katie cut her off. "There is no way will we ever let you come anywhere near us." She said to him in a stern tone. "And, where is that brother of yours? I thought you two were inseparable?" She asked. Connor made a fake huff. "For your information, I take with myself, thank you very much." He said to them. "And, if you are looking for Travis, he is sitting next to you this hold time. Katie turned and gasped. There was Travis Stoll, sitting next to her in bed while reading a piece of paper. She would have yelled at him first, but then she noticed that the paper he was reading looks really familiar. She looked at her own hands and found that her letter was gone, and only then did Katie and Miranda realized that Travis was actually reading the letter from her dad. Furious, Katie looked at him and said, with a tone of utmost anger. "I will give you a count of one to three, Travis. If you don't give me that letter, I will—" But what she will do with Travis was never known as Travis instantly stands up and gives her the paper. "Here." He said, giving Katie her letter. At this, everyone, even Connor, stared in shock. "Wha—" Miranda wanted to asked, only that Travis instantly walked to the window and whispered something to Connor. After that, Connor's eyes widen and he nodded. And, without warning, they left with not one witty remark. The two stared blankly at the window to where Travis jumped off to. "Wait, wut?" Miranda said, out of shock. "Did we just see that right?" Katie couldn't believe what she just saw either. It was already strange enough that Travis was able to get inside her room and sit between them without them noticing, but to see him not insulting is really beyond weird. It feels like the world would end anytime soon! "Let's agree that we never saw anything in this room." Katie said to her. "Agreed." Miranda instantly agreed. "So, Cabin 12 quality apple juice?" She asked. Katie nodded. "Yeah, just give me a sec. I'm going to call my dad first." Miranda nodded and left as Katie took out her drachma to call her dad. After IMing her dad, Katie became somewhat excited about going. Her dad had already arrangements with her school about her transfer documents. Though it would be sad to leave all of her friends behind, she is still happy for her dad that he can finally get the job that he really wanted. Her dad wasn't that dark though. He told her to go back to her grandparent's place first after camp is over so that she can say her goodbyes to all of her friends. Overall, their talk was great. She still couldn't get that weird event that happened in her room. It has been weeks already since the event, and yet both Travis and Connor never once made a prank on her. In these weeks, no one could see Travis anywhere and the only time you will see Connor is when he is doing his head councilor duties. At first, the campers thought they are just making a really big prank on someone, which of course made some campers worry. But, when the almost every day pranking Stoll brothers didn't do anything for 2 weeks, everyone started to panic. Some of old campers were even freaking out as to why they aren't doing anything. It was only then that Chiron talked to Connor. It was announced later that night that Travis was just sick and Connor was tending him, which is why they weren't doing any pranks. The following day, Travis got better and they were back to their pranking. And, now it is already the end of summer, and Katie still has those thoughts in her mind. She just finished packing and was already filling up the notice that she wouldn't be staying in camp. But something was bothering her, though: Why was Travis acting so strange all of the sudden? Why did he look like he was panicking after he had read her letter? She was so out of focus, that she didn't notice the Stolls taking her luggage and leaving the room. Only when she was done writing, did she notice her missing luggage. She looked around and noticed the muddy footprint on her window. She cursed. She knew that she should think that the Stoll will not stop pranking her. Of course, she has made a precaution with if ever they will try to steal her luggage. With a help of a certain son of Hephaestus, her luggage has a living little rose inside of it. Using her own powers, she concentrated and tried to detect where her luggage is. Moments later, both Travis and Connor were both hanging upside down with vines holding their legs as Katie took her luggage back. "How on earth do keep finding us!" Travis said, trying to free himself from the vines. Katie looked up after she was done checking and smirk. "That is for me to know, and for you two to find out." She said before taking her luggage and started walking away. "At least get us out of here!" Connor begged. She just laughed and