A/N: This if my first fanfiction. I would really appreciate your opinion whether it good or bad. I'm sorry if there is any grammar or spelling errors. This idea had been floating around in my head for a while so I thought why not give it a go. So here I am writing my very first fanfic. Disclaimer: I do not own twilight or the original characters. Warning: This story will possibly eventually contain lemons, I will warn you at the beginning of each chapter that will contain them. There will also be swearing and violence. Full summary: Bella cliff dived so she could hear Edward's voice one more time she can say goodbye and let him go forever. Alice was waiting for Bella when she get home, saying that Edward would go to the Volturi to end his life. She saved Edward and finds a new family within the Volturi coven. An unexpected visit from Jasper leads to a new romance and trials in Bella's life as well as new and old threats. B/J pairing, eventual lemons. I hope you enjoy this ~Jess~ Chapter 1 – Some people have real problems Bella P.O.V As I ran towards Edward in a desperate attempt to stop him from exposing himself to provoke the Volturi into killing him, I realised something. I didn't love Edward anymore. Obviously I still cared about him and loved to an extent, but I was not in love with him anymore. After being left heartbroken by him for over 5 months I could see how unhealthy our relationship really was. I didn't mean in the 'vampire loving a human/vice-versa' sense but more so that there was a lot of pedestal action going on, from both of us. I looked at him as if he was a god, my personal Adonis. But like everybody else, he had flaws. He was controlling and manipulative, he frequently 'dazzled' me to obey him and treated me like a porcelain doll that could break with the smallest bump. He usually acted more like a father than a boyfriend, treating me like a child that constantly needed to be chastised. But even though he treated me like that, he also treated me like I was perfect. To him, my humanity, my ability to grow old and even more fragile caused him to treat me like a goddess. And being separated from him for 5 months opened my eyes to that. It also helped me grow up a bit, I was no longer the shy quiet girl from before. So there I was in Italy, running like a mad woman to stop Edward from committing suicide because he believed I was dead. "Edward!" I was no more than 50 meters from him then and I could see him clearly through the crowd, removing his shirt so he can step into the sun. "No, Edward! Don't!" I shouted as I launched myself at him just as he stepped out into the light. "Carlisle was right… Heaven…" he mumbled into my hair. "No, I'm here. I'm alive," "You're…not real," Edward said sounding confused. "Look at me! Alice was wrong," I said to him, getting him to look at me. "Bella?" He asked me as slowly a look of realisation and relief took over his face. "Please, step back. I'm alive, I'm -" I didn't even finish what I was going to say before a pair of cold, firm lips crashed to mine. I didn't get the chance to protest before he pulled away. "You're here," He looked like he was about to kiss me again when suddenly he stiffened, a low growl emanating from his chest as he wordlessly pushed me behind him as he crouched in a defensive stance. I peered around his shoulder to see what had him so on edge. Standing there was two incredibly handsome men, vampires. One was tall and burly, his size rivalled Emmett's. The second was slightly shorter and leaner, a physique closer to Jasper's, both men looked to have been turned in their early twenties. I looked into both their red eyes, I knew that their red eyes should have unsettled me but I couldn't help but feel safe here with them. I offered them a small smile, to which both of them returned. "I won't be needing your services after all, gentlemen," Edward was clearly dismissing them. I couldn't help but frown at that. I noticed in reaction to my frown, tall and burly smirked. He's obviously noticed my annoyance at Edward's behaviour. "Aro wants to speak with you both," Tall and burly said still smirking at me. "No rules were broken," Edward practically growled out. I tried to step forward so I could go with the two guards, but Edward roughly grabbed my wrist and pulled me back hard enough to hurt making me yelp in pain. Tall and burly, rushed forward, pinning Edward to the wall in the corridor. The second guard quickly came to me checking my arm to make sure there was no serious injury. He offered me an apologetic smile after he was sure that nothing was damaged, I quickly returned a small grateful smile. "My name is Demetri, and my friend over there with your boyfriend is Felix," He said boyfriend as one would say dog shit. "Bella. It's nice to meet you both. Oh, and he's not my boyfriend," I offered him my hand and he took it brushing a chaste kiss on my knuckles. I looked over my shoulder and smiled at Felix since I couldn't offer him my hand because he was preoccupied with restraining a struggling and snarling Edward. In that moment I wasn't sure why Edward always told me that the Volturi were so dangerous. These two men were nothing but gentlemen that had shown me nothing but kindness since they had arrived, whereas Edward had nearly broken my wrist just a few minutes before. "We should take you to Aro now, he is waiting," Demetri stated, shooting a pointed glare at Edward. "Fine. Bella, why don't you stay and enjoy the festival?" Edward asked, looking at me pleadingly trying to get me away from the Volturi. "Bella comes," Felix says in a way that clearly brooks no argument. Edward, being stubborn as he is, tried to argue but was cut off by a female vampire that looked no more than fifteen in physical years. She was short, about 4'8" with golden hair pulled but into a tight but atop her head. Looking at her face, angelic in features with large round eyes, full pouty lips and the youthful plumpness to her cheeks, I couldn't deny she was beautiful. "Enough," The way she said it made it seem like she was bored but still held a commanding tone that I couldn't help but obey. She looked between the four of us, openly glaring at Edward. It was obvious she disliked him, I couldn't hold back the snicker that escaped when Edward cringed away from her glare. Her ruby red eyes locked on me, she had a hard expression on her face now so it was impossible for me to guess what she was thinking. Then only for a moment her hard look softened and she gave me a small quick smile causing Edward to gasp. Her gaze returned to Edward before I had a chance to return it. From Edward's reaction I could guess that this girl obviously didn't smile often. "Jane, how nice of you to join us," Demetri said to the girl with a slight teasing tone. I now knew her name. I remember Edward once saying something about Jane, he said she had a twin brother and called them the witch twins. Well, that's strange. She doesn't seem too bad to me. "Yes. Master Aro is getting impatient. He wishes to meet Isabella," Jane said still sounding bored. She looked at me as she said my name, as if silently asking me if I mind her calling me that. I gave her a reassuring smile, she gave me a curt nod before addressing the rest of the group. "Follow me." Jane turned and started walking down the alley, confident we will follow. Demetri stepped up and offered me his arm. I couldn't help but giggle at his old fashioned gesture as I placed my hand in the crook of his arm. As soon as my hand made contact with Demetri's arm Edward started growling and was about to lunge at him when he dropped to the floor, writhing and screaming in pain from a source I couldn't see. I turned to see Jane standing there, looking at Edward with a sadistic smirk on her face. Clearly enjoying Edward's pain. Then it clicked. The reason he called Jane and her twin the 'witch twins' is because of her vampire gift. She is the one causing his pain. I couldn't stop the smirk that made its way onto my face at the thought of Edward in pain. That obviously wasn't the reaction she was expecting from me because a look of pure shock crossed her features before schooling them again and releasing Edward from whatever it was she was doing to him. I thought about what her twin brother's gift could possibly be to earn both of them the title of the 'witch twins'. Recovered from Jane's gift, Edward cautiously got to his feet and we started to make our way through the alleys to speak to Aro. We came to a dead end and Jane lifts the cover off a manhole at the end of the alley motioning for us to go in. Demetri jumps down first, Felix nudges my shoulder, as if to say 'go on'. It was dark down the whole and I couldn't see how far to the ground it was. Felix could obviously sense my hesitation. "It's okay, little one. Demetri will catch you," he reassured me. I still wasn't sure, and it must have been obvious because Edward steps forward. "Bella, Love, you can jump down with me." That was enough incentive for me, I quickly jumped down the manhole into Demetri's arms. I could hear Felix's booming laugh and Jane's short snicker echoing through the sewer as Edward drops through the manhole, a look of pain and hurt etched on his face. We continued our journey, my hand once again on Demetri's arm with his opposite hand resting over mine on his arm, Edward staring intently at our hands, scowling at them. We eventually arrived at an elevator with folding iron doors, all of us entered. As soon as Jane closed the door the elevator started it's ascent. It stopped at the lobby where a young woman sat at a desk, typing away at a computer. "Is she human?" I asked Demetri, after she'd greeted us as we passed. "Yes," Was his simple reply. "Does she know what you are?" "Yes." "What will happen to her?" "She will be killed or turned when Master Aro decides," Jane answered. I couldn't contain the shudder that rippled through me when I thought of her being killed. Demetri had felt my unease at gave my hand a reassuring pat. I could see large double doors at the end of the open white hall we were walking down. The walls had beautiful paintings hanging from them. Jane opened the large doors with a smooth push as we came to them. Upon entering the room I could easily identify this as the throne room by the three large ornate chairs at the end of the room, raised up on a dais with stair leading up to them. There was a vampire sitting in each throne. To the left was an incredible attractive man that had straight shoulder length blond hair. His face had sharp features, a strong jaw and straight nose, his eye piercing and menacing with their ruby colour and cruel glare. He looked a similar physical age to Demetri and Felix.