(Collin's pov) I rubbed the sleep out of my eyes as I sat up in bed. Last night was one of the worst. I live in a two story house with my sister and parents. My mom is always drinking and is usually either passed out drunk or in an awful emotional whirlpool. Then my stepfather is abusive. He hits me often, but my sister always gets in the way or tries to at least. My sister is both physically and sexually abused. Last night all I heard was my sister screams. I hate living here. I hate my parents. I hate this house. I hate my life! I took a deep breath. I can't go down that rode. The last time I did Brady flipped on me. Oh Brady. I love Brady, but no one knows except my sister, Brady and I. We were best friends since PreK and have always been inspertable. When we both phased into our wolves we both looked at each other, in the eyes. We found out we were imprints, but we knew the guys would take it weird so we never told them. We go around in secret and make sure to block our mind of our activities together while on patrol. Anyways as I had been saying. I am depressed. I used to cut myself, but one night Brady and I took our relationship further. He had just pulled my shirt off when he saw all the cuts on my stomach. I always wore a shirt so no one would see. The ones he saw were both old and new. Let's just say we didn't end doing it as I had planned. Instead he gave me an hour long yelling. I hate Brady at me, so I try hard not to cut, but it's hard living in this life. Brady keeps trying to get me to tell him why I am depressed, but I won't tell him. He always wants to know why that in all our years he never once met my family or been to my house. Again I refuse to answer him. One these days I know the secrets will come out, but until then I'll make sure they stay behind the doors. I got out of bed and took a quick shower. I changed into cargo shorts, a grey muscle shirt, and my sneakers. When I walked down the stairs quietly to slip out I found my sister. She was in the kitchen acting like always... like nothing ever happens in our house. She had a split lip, a deep purple bruised eyes, a swollen cheek, and obviously sour body. I felt awful seeing her like this. She is like this because she protects me. I should be able to protect her! I'm a damn werewolf for wolf sakes! She was in baggy black cotton cargo pants, a white tank top, a big navy blue hoodie, and her black combat boots. Her black thick hair cascaded passed her shoulders in two tight thick french braids, her almond brown doe eyes were tied and had bags under them, and her rich skin looked paler. How badly did he hurt her last night? "Collin I'm fine. Go to school sweety." My sister said turning to look at me. "Honey don't cry please." I haven't even realized I was crying. I whipped them away and wrapped my arms around her. "I love you Collie." I say and I heard her sigh. "As I love you Col. Now eat your pancakes. I packed your lunch already. Okay." I nod. She is like a mother to me instead of a sister. She is 16 now, while I was 14. She has been taking care of since the age of 5. I felt bad, but it was life I guess. "Okay Collie. I'll see you for super. I'm going to be out late with Brady and the guys." She nod. "Okay... It's best if you do stay out late anyways, Collin." She hardly ever uses my full name. Why start? "Colleen?" "It's okay honey go on. I'll see you later." I gave her a worried look before hugging her once more. "I love you so much Collie." I say before hurrying out the door. I got to the school and took deep breath trying not to cry. "Collin! Hey?!" I smiled. Jake graduated last year along with Quil and Embry as did Paul and Jared surprisingly. It's only Seth, Brady, and I now, but all of us are close... well Brady and I more so for obvious reasons. "Hey guys." I say putting on a fake smile. "You okay Col?" I almost flinched at the nick name. "Ya Brady I'm fine, but please don't call me that." My sister comes here too, but none of them ever put two and two together. "What's up with you today. You seem crouchy." Seth teased. "I'm just not in the mood Seth." I said as I looked down. "Collin?" Brady questioned, but I shrugged him off. If we're going to school let's just get this over with. ... I walked out of school and gave a heavy sigh. I wanna go home and make sure Collie is okay. I saw her today, but I never get to really say hi to her. I hate that. "Okay Collin what is wrong?" Brady asked as he pulled me to stop. "You've been odd all day." He said and I frown. "You're worrying me Col." He whispered as he caressed my face. I gave a sigh, closing my eyes, and lean into his touch. "I know Bray-Bray, but I just... I had a bad morning." "Wanna talk about it. I hate if you- "I haven't in awhile Brady. Not since you found them." I said looking at him. He gave a sigh of relief before nodding. "Okay, but still... wanna talk about it?" He asked, but I shook my head. "Can you just make me feel better?" He smiled and nod. He lead me towards the woods and pushed me against the tree. His lips on mine. I wrapped my hands in his thick hair as he puts his hands down the back of my pants, rubbing my ass. "You have such a damn ass fettesh." I grown, as I kissed down his neck, making him laugh. "Ya and you have a dick fettesh." I smirked. "What can I say I love doing everything I possibly can with your thick dick." This made him groan as he started rubbing his hard on against mine. "Shit!" We leapt apart and stood with shock in our eyes as we came face to face with Jared and Paul. "I... I... uh..." Brady stuttered trying to figure out what to say. "What the fuck were you two doing?!" Paul yelled and I felt tears coming my eyes. No. No. They were going to hate us now. They're going to judge us. They going to thick we're freaks. "It's none of your business." Brady managed to spit out his voice shaking. "None of my... You just had your tongue down your pack brother's throat. What the fuck! Are you two gay or something! Like seriously!" I could take it anymore. I ran off. "Collin wait!" I heard Brady yell, but I just phased and ran off tears running down my face. I'm never going to be accepted. Tyler is right. I am just fucked up homo. I cried as I ran into the house. "Col? What's wrong sweet heart?" My sister asked, but I didn't answer as I ran to her and hugged her. I cried heavily into her. "Oh Collin what happened?" She asked holding me tightly and lovingly to her. "M-My F-Fri-Friends F-Fo-Found Bra-Brady and I-I Mak-Making O-out a-an-and-" I burst into sobs. "Oh honey." "They think I'm a freak! Just a pathetic homo- "No you listen to me Collin Ryan Littlesea you are not a freak and don't ever call yourself that again. That word, homo, is repulsive and vial. You will not call yourself that again! You understand me!" She snapped and I nod. "Good, now go upstairs and take a nice hot shower. I'll make you a nice warm cut of my homemade hot chocolate with all the works and make you some pancakes." Aw that's my favorite. She always knows what to do. "Thank you Collie." I say quietly and raw from crying before heading upstairs. At least I can always count on her... and Brady? (Brady's pov) After Collin ran off the guys took me to Sam's. I was balling my eyes out by the time I got there and I knew it was because of the emotion I'm feeling plus Collin's. I still haven't calmed down. "Shh it's okay Brady. Just relax. Deep breaths now." Emily said soothingly as she held me in her arms. Sam, Jake, Embry, Seth, Quil, and Leah were all confused as to why I was crying. Emily knew. I never told Collin, but she guessed and so she knew. Jared and Paul got over the shock, but I could tell they had no idea what to do or say. "Will one of you tell me what happened?!" Sam snapped at Jared and Paul making them flinch. "I... We... Uh..." Jared looked at me obviously uncomfortable whether it be telling them what they saw or me crying or just everything I didn't know. Jared closed his eyes, pinching the bridge of his nose, before letting out a heavy sigh. "Look Paul and I were getting off our patrols and going to the school to switch with Brady, Collin, and Seth when- "Wait where is Collin?" Seth asked looking around for my imprint and best friend. This only made cry harder and I saw even Paul look guilty by this. "Well... uh..." Paul said uncomfortable as he rubbed the back of his neck. "He ran off crying after we... uh..." He looked at Jared asking for help. Jared gave a sigh before finish his sentence. "When we saw Brady shoving his tongue down Collin's throat okay!" He snapped clearly uncomfortable with saying this. The room froze as if everyone was trying to figure out what the hell he just said. "Tell me you didn't." Emily said shocked. "Y-You knew?!" Jared asked and everyone turned to her. "Of course I did." She sighed and held me more. "I can't believe you two. As if they weren't insecure about it already." "Insecure... What the hell is going on?!" Jared asked. "I mean seriously?!" He snapped and Emily shot him a glare. "Are all of you really that clueless?" They all looked at each other as if unsure how to answer. "The night these two phased they imprint." "Okay... so what does that have anything to do with why Brady was shoving his tongue down Collin's throat?" Paul asked. Seth's eyes widen. "No way!" He said shocked. Everyone looked at him confused. "You imprinted on Collin!" He yelled and all the guy's jaws dropped. I sniffled. "Seth!" Emily snapped. "You making him feel worse. You can't choice who you imprint on. Why do you think they kept it this long. They didn't even tell me. I guessed! Collin still doesn't know I know." "Why didn't you tell us?" Sam asked and I gave him a hard look. "Why the fuck do you think I didn't tell you." I snapped making everyone look at me shocked. "These idiots find us and the first thing they do is go calling us fucken fags. Why the fuck do you think we didn't want anyone to know." I snapped and Jared and Paul looked down felling guilty. Emily shook her head. "You two should be ashamed of yourselves. Poor Collin. The boy isn't as strong as you guys. He's probably hurting right now." Emily said with a depressed sigh. "You guys are supposed to be his brothers and instead you judge him because he imprinted on of his brothers. We do