A Practical Guide to Original Characters I've been wandering in this glorious fandom called Lord of the Rings for awhile now, searching for something good to read. The results amazed me. At least two fifths of the total fanfictions here are decent fanfictions (which is a lot more than I can say for some other fandoms, truly), with a lot of useful communities to save time and effort. I am so happy I weep – and I'm not being sarcastic or cynical. But then again, not terribly unpredictably, I'd say nearly half the fandom was filled with OCs, and, as expected, Mary Sues. And Gary Stus, I'd bet, although I have yet to seen a single male character traveling into Middle-Earth. The point is, however, that there is a lot of OCs. Some are good. Some are bad. Some are god-like while some make me want to howl in despair. A few if not most of you might or might not face the same problem, because let's face it, Lord of the Rings is a piece of literature targeted at adults rather than children, hence the quality of the fandom in the first place. In this guide, let us look at a few points of what make or break a good Original Character. In this edit, I will say that there's really no shortened way of actually getting a really good character. You have to take your time and allow no shortcut if that was to happen at all. But you can, perhaps, view it as a check list after you have gotten everything ready to go. Ah, and one more thing: this guide is strictly for human OCs. If requests come, I will make one for Elves and other magical creatures. a) It is the Look that Kills Pretty self-explanatory, isn't it. Nine out of ten fanfictions, especially of the newbies, have glorious sparkly beautiful gorgeous original characters up their sleeves – and some even down on paper or in a file, ready to publish! But let's remain with reality: that era had long since passed. We have grown into a more educated level as writers (most if not all of us). We no longer describe our characters on the very first page, nor do we write lengthy descriptions. And if we do, there must be some just reasons behind it. One paragraph for the hair, one paragraph for the clothes, one for the eyes and one for the body figure is wrong, people. Utterly, terribly wrong. Keep it all in one paragraph. And, if you can help it, don't go into the details like the material of the fabric. Not too much, anyway. One or two words is fine. Unless you have done that for a long time and know how to keep it flowing without so much bumps on the road, I would suggest you don't be too detailed. Some characters in LotR Tolkien barely gave us any details at all, and we still know them anyway. Say, this is an example: "She was a tall, elegant lady with pure white hair that looked and felt as though it was silk. Her dress was a soft emerald, velvet perhaps, and cascaded around her as she swept down the street of Minas Tirith. Dark eyes were set in a thin, stony face that looked as though it had never seen joy. Neither ugly nor pretty, the lady bore the look of one of those countless noblewomen who did not stand out aside from the fact that they are in the court." Way better than this lengthy one: "Raven Mallory was a noblewoman. Her silvery-white hair, almost platinum, smooth and soft-looking, seemed as though it gleams in the sunlight. As the breeze blew, the material swayed with it, bringing it to her shoulder and into the face of a man walking nearby. "She was dressed in an elegant, beautiful emerald dress that fell around her as she walked down the street. It was a simple thing, yet elegant all the same, with rhinestones at the belt and made of soft, expensive velvet. Its wide sleeves brushed against her side as she walked, making little swish-swish sounds…" And yadda-yadda-yadda. You get the point, I presume. We did not even get to her face expression yet, and you have used up 98 words already, while in the first example we use 88 words and got through with the whole thing. Trust me, you are describing the character for yourself , not for the readers. They only needed a quick overall of the OC's looks, figure, and her attitude (for the face often reflects the mood). We – that is, your readers – will in fact not care very much if your OC is ugly like a troll and have nail fungus problems if he is an interesting character. Looks do not decide everything, my friend, in real life or in fiction. A pretty lady could turn out to be the nastiest piece of work Arda had seen yet, while the shepherd with the zits turn out to be greater than Aragorn. And that is possible. You can make the zit guy become better than the king and not turn him into a Stu. It all depends on you, your skills and how far you want to push yourself. However, aside from the gushing fountain of information about our OC, I have also seen another problem: the lacking of details. I have encountered several promising stories that went through two or three chapters without giving us half a clue as to what the main character looks like. Or his/her sidekick, for that matter. That is incorrect. Give us some clues about how to identify your character. If you, for some reason (especially for the guys), despise detailed description, tack in a few lines here and there instead of making a whole paragraph dedicated to your character. For example, somewhere in the middle of the first chapter: "Ares turned sharp, aggressive blue eyes to the speaker, his mouth twisting into a snarl." So we now know your character have blue eyes. Good job! We also know that your character most likely have an attitude problem and is violent. Plot point or not, though, it is up to you to decide. And yet another one, also somewhere in the middle of the chapter (need not be near the eyes-description): "Mia sighed in exasperation. She said nothing, though, and just wiped her hands against the tattered jeans she wore." Your character is wearing jeans! Well, that was a surprise! Aren't we talking Middle-Earth here? Point is, you have many ways to describe your character. It need not be in your first paragraph, first page or even first chapter. Just tack in a few lines or two here and there and let the readers figure it all out. Or for the time-saving method, write a whole paragraph. Remember, however, too little detail is bad, too much detail is also bad. Know the limit. We don't want to hear how your character's hair shined in the sun. We do not know how her eyes sparkle. We want to know her demeanor, if she's a cheerful girl with a big grin on her face all the time, or a grumpy slouch who looked as though she had never seen a day with sunshine. On the point of too little details: you don't have to take this point too seriously in a few cases, since Tolkien, once again, sometimes did not do any more introduction than just giving us a name and an identity. But if you do involve a name and if that was of any importance to your story, maybe you might want to consider adding a bit - if only a bit - into that name. Elladan and Elrohir, in Fellowship of the Ring , was introduced as the twin sons of Elrond Peredhil and they hate the orcs for what they did to the twins' mother. Oh, and don't make your OC's eyes shift colors. It's getting tiring. It's just one sure way to shoot your beloved original character to hell. There's also no such natural hair color as purple! Unless, and only, if you have a plausible excuse for it. Don't ask me; it's all up to you. But I personally don't believe a whole character could be ruined with shifting eye-colors unless combined with a few more fails. The subject of peculiar scars/birthmarks will be resolved later. Continue on. Be realistic. b) Issues with Attitudes Alright, kiddies, another one of the Big Three that get your OC flung into the pit by avid flamers – and kind-hearted, helpful critics too. But I have faith that nobody could get that awful. We're all writers here, folks. We have got to be smart. So you got your OC's look planned out, and you've already gotten through the first chapter. The "transition" from their world to Arda might or might have not happened already. Now that they are no longer in friendly or familiar territory, how will they react to the new world? And its people? Here, you may have two scenarios: either your OC comes from another world (twenty-first century, most often the case, but I saw some very interesting stories that featured kids from other dimensions as well) and just somehow got dropped into Middle-Earth or you have a guy who's been there all his life and have the basic Arda Survival Kit. What this kit contains would be discussed later. But it is safe to say he knows what he is doing and where he is going most often than not. Number 1: Girl/Guy-into-ME On the first scenario: before we go into it, let me ask you this. How would you feel if you go to bed one day, expecting to go to school and present that excellent project you've been making all week and then wake up in a forest somewhere in your pajamas? If you say you're going to jump up and chirp "OMG! I'm lost in the middle of nowhere! How cool!" please go see the doctor. Now. Most of us (yes, even the adults, people; they're all humans) would freak out or think it was a warped dream. Some of us would pinch ourselves. Some might think it an exciting dream and go exploring. Some of us might even lie down and close our eyes so that we would wake up back at home. The point is, we're not going to take it calmly as though it's as normal as Mom telling us to do our homework first before going out or get on the computer. Let me introduce you to an excellent example like this. Try out Don't Panic! by boz4PM. Yes, she's on this site. Her writing and the sequel after that are just about the godliest of all godly OCs in the fandom. Anyone who disagrees with me send me a PM. I believe we would have a great discussion over that. But moving on. Yes, you will panic. Yes, you will very likely start asking for your mommy. Don't look at me like that. I know you soil your pants every once in awhile; fear had that effect on you. Yes, you will probably start screaming for help, and that is in fact the most logical course of action. Even my mom told me to start screaming when I got lost. Er, in the wilderness, that is. I agree that Wal-Mart is not a good place, especially when you're no longer four. The calmer folks, however, notably adults, might check around first to find out their surroundings, then maybe find some sort of trail to walk on until they find civilization. When you're an adult, it's just automatic: find human life first, finding out where exactly they are later. So if you're writing about an adult, you may skip the screaming/panicking/peeing your pants part. Unless, of course, you're writing about a faint-hearted adult. Or one