Harry groaned as he forced his eyes open and cast his gaze around the strange bedroom. The last thing he remembered was his Aunt Marge badmouthing his parents and him losing control of his emotions, causing him to unintentionally release his magic and cause her to swell up like a balloon. He groaned as he thought about how it had only taken two weeks back at the Dursleys' before there was an incident, and he couldn't help but feel slightly bitter towards Dumbledore for not taking him seriously when he had begged to be allowed to stay somewhere –anywhere –else. After that, things started to become more of a blur as he lost himself in the pain of Uncle Vernon's beatings before finally crawling out the door when his uncle had exhausted himself and gone to bed. He remembered fighting with the pain tearing through his body as he limped his way down Privet Drive towards the small park that had become a sort of sanctuary for him over the years. Thinking hard, Harry tried to remember what happened next, but all he could remember was a pair of glowing yellow eyes in the darkness before something massive knocked him to the ground, smacking his head against the pavement and dislodging his glasses as the full moon provided only just enough light to see whatever it was that attacked him lean down over his neck, hot, damp breath against his jugular. After that, all Harry could remember was pain as the creature sank its fangs into his throat. His veins seemed to fill with fire and he struggled to scream in pain, but he couldn't as Vernon usually paid extra attention to ensuring he could utter no more than the occasional whimper. His head had swam and darkness had encroached in the corners of Harry's vision, swallowing him whole as he heard the screech of a bird followed by a clap of thunder. Groaning as he sat up, Harry looked around the unfamiliar room, taking in the rich hardwood flooring, and thick stone walls that created a sense of safety, while the warm glow of a nearby fire added a certain feel to them that reminded Harry of what he felt whenever he thought about returning to Hogwarts, only… stronger. More right. A sudden pop made Harry yelp as a familiar house elf appeared standing before him. "The Great Harry Potter is finally awake!" Dobby cried happily. "Dobby was so frightened! Tipsy tells Dobby that she would make sure Harry Potter Sir survived, she reminded Dobby that the Ancient One would protect Master Harry Potter, but that didn't stop Dobby from worrying!" "Dobby?" Harry asked groggily. "What happened? Where are we?" "Dobby came when he sensed Master Harry Potter was in danger! Dobby apparated to the Master, only to find a man-wolf had attacked Master. When Dobby arrived, the Ancient One had already destroyed the man-wolf, and demanded Dobby help him stabilize Master before taking Master back to his home." "Dobby, I don't know where you thought I lived, but this isn't it," Harry said slowly. To call Dobby unpredictable would be a major understatement, and Harry didn't want to have to stop him from hurting himself like he would when he was enslaved to the Malfoys. "Don't you remember? You came to me last year. That's where I live when I'm not at Hogwarts." Harry refused to make any allusion to the prison he had been sentenced to being his home. Dobby violently shook his head before he replied excitedly. "No, Dobby chose to bond with The Great Harry Potter Sir as his master, as such, Dobby became privy to the location of Master Harry Potter's home, and was given permission to pass through the wards surrounding Potter Manor." "Potter Manor?" Harry asked incredulously. "This is the ancestral home to the Most Ancient and Noble Hose of Potter," an older, motherly voice replied, drawing Harry's attention to the door where a second house elf had appeared, carrying a tray laden with various foods and drinks. This elf looked incredibly different from Dobby as she was dressed in an elegant servant's uniform. On top of that, her appearance was vastly different from the withered little creature standing on Harry's bed. She was a fair bit taller than Dobby, standing at almost four feet, and she had features that looked more reminiscent to the elves that parents told their children worked in a factory in the North Pole to produce toys to be delivered every Christmas. Her fair skin was contrasted by her dark hair, though Harry could see the occasional streak of grey in the tightly wound bun that rested atop her head. Her long ears were not nearly as big as Dobby's, and the soft wrinkles and laugh-lines on her face portrayed a life led far better than that either of the bed's occupants. Her warm brown eyes twinkled as she placed the tray across Harry's lap before bowing at the waist with her right fist raised up to rest against her chest. "I cannot properly express how happy I am to see you again, Young Master. I, like young Dobby here, was quite distraught when the Ancient One delivered you to us in such a terrible condition." "I'm sorry," Harry said haltingly, "have we met before?" The older elf nodded her head and smiled sadly. "Of course you would hardly remember, as you barely spent half a year here before Master James and Mistress Lily were forced to take you into hiding. My name is Tipsy, servant to the Most Ancient and Noble House of Potter. Their deaths broke my heart, and only the thought that I would someday get to see you again and continue to serve the House of Potter kept me from withering away." "So, this is… where I was supposed to live with my parents?" Harry asked hesitantly. Tipsy nodded sadly. "And after the Ancient One brought you here, if you so choose it, it can be where you live from now on." "Really?" Harry asked, unable to disguise the raw hope in his voice. "But of course, Master," Tipsy replied. "You are the Heir to the House of Potter. Your admittance into these grounds is proof enough of that. I highly doubt even an Ancient One could have been able to successfully penetrate the sheer amount of wards surrounding the estate without your presence to allow him." "You both keep mentioning this Ancient One, who are you talking about?" Harry asked. As if to answer his question, there was a flash of lightning near the window to Harry's right. When the blinding light faded and Harry could see again, he was shocked by the majestic creature that had appeared before him and flew over to perch itself on the other side of his bed. Its head was similar to that of an eagle, with four shining wings emerging from its powerful torso and the base of seven long tails of beautiful plumage. Its feathers shimmered with cloud-like patterns, occasionally changing colours as it shifted and folded its wing, but usually settling on an inky black, accentuated with electrifying blue. Well met, young man, I am Zephyr, a deep voice rang through his head, and while Harry's eyes widened, he couldn't help but smile at the strange sense of familiarity that the voice brought with it, despite never having heard it before in his life, and soon found himself reaching out towards the bird that was nearly as tall as Tipsy was. Zephyr inclined his head and leaned down to stroke his head against the palm of Harry's hand, and Harry gasped as a surge of information flowed through his mind before the newly identified thunderbird stretched his wings and flew up to Harry's shoulder, shrinking as he flew until he was roughly the size of Fawkes, the phoenix Harry had met earlier in the year, while the lower pair of wings seemed to vanish to accommodate his new size. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Zephyr," Harry replied, smiling widely. "I guess you're this Ancient One they keep referring to?" Indeed, Zephyr said, his dark eyes twinkling. Imagine my surprise when after decades of life, I feel the pull of one who is to be my familiar an ocean away on another continent. Luck was certainly on our side when I arrived in the nick of time to save you from that werewolf. Harry's eyes widened as he remembered how he had wound up in this situation in the first place. "Wait… That-that thing that attacked me was a werewolf? Does-does that mean that I'm…?" The unspoken question filled the air with a tense weight until Tipsy took it upon herself to reassure her fearful master. "That remains to be seen, Master," she said. "When I was healing you, I detected a litany of abnormalities that I would urge you to have checked out." "How do I do that?" Harry asked. "If you are feeling up to it, I can bring us to Gringotts this afternoon," Tipsy offered. "Why Gringotts? Isn't that the bank?" "Gringotts serves as more than just a bank," Tipsy informed him. "The goblin healers there are among the best in the world. On top of that, as you have finally returned to your ancestral home, I feel it would be prudent for you to formally accept your position within the House of Potter." "What would that position entail?" Harry asked. "It would mean accepting the responsibilities and duties that come with being the Head of a Most Ancient and Noble House," Tipsy replied. "If you would allow it, perhaps it would be best if I accompany you, Master." "Thank you, Tipsy," Harry replied. "I know next to nothing about the Wizarding World, and if has anything to do with my family, then I would love nothing more than to learn about it." "Thank you, Sir, it means a lot that you would trust me like this," Tipsy said sincerely. "Dobby took the liberty to retrieve all of your personal effects from the muggle house, and after seeing the condition of your clothes, I took it upon myself to resize several of your father's and grandfather's robes. We can leave as soon as you have eaten and gotten ready." *(OoO)* By the time they left, it was nearing eleven in the morning. Harry learned that he had been unconscious for about a week before he had woken up, and wasn't sure whether to be surprised or relieved that there had still yet to be any sort of report of him having gone missing. In order to avoid drawing attention, Tipsy had conjured a glamour over Harry to disguise him while in Diagon Alley. This was somewhat counteracted by the expensive robes he was wearing and the fact that Zephyr insisted on accompanying Harry from his perch on his shoulder, but after being scolded by both Tipsy and his familiar for the timid, hunched over posture he bore in an attempt to shrink away from the attention, he had straightened his shoulders, held his head tall, and threw every ounce of his skills in acting and lying into portraying the regal Heir he supposedly was, as opposed to the timid, malnourished boy most people knew him to be. In fact, by the time he and Tipsy reached the great doors to Gringotts, Harry found himself having to put less and less effort into keeping up the act. Unlike the fame that came from his miraculous defeat of Voldemort as a child, Harry couldn't help but actually be proud of being a part of the House of Potter. It was a link to his parents that he would hold dearly, and there was no way he would shame them by acting like he was not happy with the name they had given him. Following Tipsy through the doors, Harry along with everyone else in the lobby of the bank whirled around in