A/n: Hey guys, this my first time on writing a romance one-shot so yeah this will be a little suckish. Anyway I just want to point this out early that this one-shot is actually an English project/finals output for my second semester by my professor. If you like this story, drop a review and tell me if you guys want me to write this to a full story like the rest of my other ones, also check them out. Note this story takes place in an AU where Percy is a girl and the events of the book had already the side note there is also an implied Luke/Fem Percy in a little warning in this story contains a lemon so if you are under 18 you can skip it to the end near the authors note, also this is my first time to write a lemon. Me: I don't own Percy Jackson and Olympians or the Heroes of Olympus they all go to the awesome writer known as Rick Riordan. -3rd Person POV- It was a quiet time in New York, as silent it can get in a big city, in a summers day. People are going to their respective activities, adults going to work while the younger generation enjoy their summer break. But a certain young individual was not really enjoying her summer vacation. Inside in an apartment building near Manhattan lives a young girl in her age of 18, just waking up to start a new a day. As the girl got up from her bed one can see how she looks. The girl has this Raven black hair that reaches just behind her shoulder blades and has these bright sea green eyes. As the girl got up from her and went to the kitchen area of the apartment, upon entering the kitchen the girl saw her mother preparing breakfast. This girl was no other than Persephone Jackson daughter of Poseidon, retriever of Zeus's Master bolt and Hades helm of Darkness, bane of monsters, slayer of Gaia, slayer of Titans and many more titles. "Good morning Persephone." The woman said to her "Good morning mom." Sephie said As Persephone sat down on the dining table her mother came over and place 5 stacks of blue pancakes in front of her before returned to kitchen and grab her own serving of the food. "Hey mom, where is Paul?" Sephie asked "Oh, he went to Goode since he is teaching summer classes apparently. Why do ask?" Her mother replied "Well, you see I was planning to ask the both of you if…" Sephie said before somebody decided to knock on their door. "Hold on honey I have to get the door first." Her mother said When Persephone's mother went to get the door, she was wondering if her real father would allow her to date a certain someone. When Persephone's mother got the door open she was surprised to see a blond haired teen with bright sky blue eyes. This person was no other than Apollo Greek god of Sun, Medicine and music. "Greetings Lord Apollo." Persephone's mother said while bowing "Hello Sally, my I come in?" Apollo asked while smiling brightly at Sally "Oh, yes please come inside." Sally said As Apollo came inside the apartment the first thing that he noticed that it was small compared to his home. Well he is a god in the Greek and Roman pantheon of course his home will be big. As Apollo made his way inside he saw Persephone sitting down on the dining table eating a stack of blue pancake. Apollo always wondered what's with Persephone and her addiction to blue food. Sephie of course was oblivious to her surroundings and decided to wolf down her entire pancake stack in one bite. Apollo of course saw it and thought he just witnessed something off an anime or cartoon. Sephie then noticed Apollo standing outside the kitchen and blushed immediately feeling that he just saw her ate the entire stack of pancake in one bite. Apollo sensing the oncoming awkward silence decided to break it. "Hello there Seph, good morning." Apollo greeted smilling brightly "Hello Lord Apollo." Sephie said while hiding her blush from the Greek god of the Sun "Um, can sit beside you?" Apollo asked "Uh, sure…" Sephie said still not sure how to react As Apollo sat beside Persephone, her mother came back inside bringing the mail she got. As she went inside she saw her daughter blushing madly and Apollo slightly flustered. Of course being a lovely mother she is she decided to tease the two. "So tell me when did you two started going out?" Sally said to the two hiding her smirk in the mask of innocence "What, I….am…were..." Perse said stuttering on what her mother said "Ummm…." Apollo was speechless nobody would tell him that he would be dating the heroin of Olympus but there was a reason why he was there to visit the duo "Oh, who is this person dating my daughter?" another male voice said inside the apartment When the three heard the voice they all looked towards the direction of the sound and saw a man wearing a Hawaiian shirt with khaki shorts and hat that says 'Neptune's Lucky fishing hat' and he was also wearing sandals. This man was no other than Poseidon, Greek god of the Sea's, storms and earthquake. Now Apollo was sweating buckets because he knew that Poseidon was overprotective over her daughter since this was his first demigod daughter. The last time he caught a male with her daughter he decided to send a storm with sharks in it, talk about overprotective daddy issues. "Now I ask again who this person is trying to date my daughter." Poseidon asked "Oh, calm down Poseidon I was just teasing this two." Sally pointed at a very red Persephone, whose face is so bright red that it puts the colour of a tomato in shame, while Apollo was just whistling innocently. "Apollo, what are you doing here?" Poseidon asked as he faced his nephew completely forgetting the mother and daughter duo "You two, talk about it in the living room." Sally ordered the two "Yes Sally." The two said in unison As the two made their way towards the apartment's living room area, Sally decided to ask her daughter to do the dishes while she went to talk the two Greek gods that are currently sitting at her living room. Before she can even reached the living a bright flash came in there and when she reached it she saw another man in his mid-twenties and looks like Poseidon but minus the trademark sea green eyes were his eyes are deep ocean blue colour. This person was no other than Triton prince of Atlantis and her daughter step-brother. By looking at him Sally deduced that he was also an overprotective brother just by looking at him. Sally then walked in and sat in one of the chairs and faced the three Greek gods that were inside her living room. "So tell me why there are three Greek gods inside my living room?" Sally asked the three gods in front of her "Well I came here to visit my daughter." Poseidon said "I came here to ask Sephie if she can help me with something." Triton said "Is this about Ariel again?" Poseidon said "Umm, maybe?" Triton said unsure One the two sea deities done telling their reason Sally then faced the Sun god and was looking at him expectantly. "So Apollo, I would ask again why are you here?" Sally asked "Well since the three of you are here I would like to ask if Iamallowedtodateyourdaughter." Apollo said way to fast making it harder to understand for the three people with him "What was that Apollo, could you repeat what you just said." Sally said menacingly "I said if you would allow me to date your daughter?" Apollo said already hiding behind the couch "No I would not allow a womanizing god to date my daughter." Poseidon said "I stand with my father with this." Triton said going to the overprotective brother mode "I agree with Poseidon and Triton." Sally said "But I would not do anything that would hurt her." Apollo reasoned "Then prove it to me, Poseidon and Triton then." Sally said "Yes I accept the challenge, since I am still following the code of chivalry." Apollo said trying to remember the twelve chief rules of love and the art of courtly love during those times in medieval Europe. "Then prove it to us, but remember this Apollo. If you ever leave my daughter like all those women that you got together with I make sure that I would make you fade. Is that clear Apollo." Poseidon said threateningly to Apollo summoning a bit of his power same goes to Triton What's more scary was Sally's face which would make Kronos and Gaia jump to Tartarus willingly. Apollo and the two other gods flinched involuntarily seeing that face but they did not notice the flamethrower she brought out. As for Apollo the he was trying to remember the twelve chief rules of love and the art of courtly love. Which he suddenly had a flash back during his time as a knight in shining armour in the medieval ages, literally and figuratively. In courtly love there 31 rules that a knight would follow: 1. Marriage is no real excuse for not loving. 2. He who is not jealous cannot love. 3. No one can be bound by a double love. 4. It is well known that love is always increasing or decreasing. 5. That which a lover takes against the will of his beloved has no relish. 6. Boys do not love until they reach the age of maturity. 7. When one lover dies, a widowhood of two years is required of the survivor. 8. No one should be deprived of love without the very best of reasons. 9. No one can love unless he is propelled by the persuasion of love. 10. Love is always a stranger in the home of avarice. 11. It is not proper to love any woman whom one would be ashamed to seek to marry. 12. A true lover does not desire to embrace in love anyone except his beloved. 13. When made public love rarely endures. 14. The easy attainment of love makes it of little value: difficulty of attainment makes it prized. 15. Every lover regularly turns pale in the presence of his beloved. 16. When a lover suddenly catches sight of his beloved his heart palpitates. 17. A new love puts an old one to flight. 18. Good character alone makes any man worthy of love. 19. If love diminishes, it quickly fails and rarely revives. 20. A man in love is always apprehensive. 21. Real jealousy always increases the feeling of love. 22. Jealousy increases when one suspects his beloved. 23. He whom the thought of love vexes eats and sleeps very little. 24. Every act of a lover ends in the thought of his beloved. 25. A true lover considers nothing good except what he thinks will please his beloved. 26. Love can deny nothing to love. 27. A lover can never have enough of the solaces of his beloved. 28. A slight presumption causes a lover to suspect his beloved. 29. A man who is vexed by too much passion usually does not love. 30. A true lover is constantly and without intermission possessed by the thought of his beloved. 31. Nothing forbids one woman being loved by two men or one man by two women. Then there were the twelve chief rules in courtly Love. Which he read also and was written by a guy named Andreas Capellanus whom was also the one responsible for writing the art of courtly love in the first place. The twelve rules of courtly love are: