IMPORTANT AUTHOR'S NOTE PLEASE READ: Hey everyone, I'm sure many of you who've read my other stories are asking yourselves why I'm starting another story when I have so many I'm currently working on. The answer is simple. This is my blow off story. My story I'll be writing and working on to get my head out of my other stories so I can keep them fresh and moving. Along with, as I'd mentioned in an earlier AN on some stories, my Great Grandmother ended up passing away and that was a tough time. That along with a new job that's having me be trained as an assistant manager after 3 weeks there, and moving into a new apartment. My life has been pretty hectic. Don't worry though, Tamers of the heart, Soul bonds and Snakes, and No Matter what all have chapters I'm in the middle of writing. Bid of a Lifetime I'm preparing to dust off and get back into, and I've even started on the next chapter for Second Chance's. There is no need to Fear. Now on to this new story and a little explanation for it. So this is a Mortal college AU, set with Harry and his age group in their freshman year at the prestigious college Hogwarts University in the current year of 2016. There will be similar things occurring in this story to what happened in the books/movies so you'll see little allusions to things from the books/movies, as well as some that are obvious plotlines and major parts of the books occurring here. But overall this is an AU and very different. Also, I realize that a lot of how I'm going to write this story and what's occurring is actually very closely related to what is actually occurring right now in Britain and even here in the states. This wasn't on purpose, it's neither a political statement or anything like that. This is simply a story. I only realized it when a friend who was reading a teaser part of the story mentioned that. So fair warning, this isn't some sublinial message about current political environment. This is a story and it's occurring the best way I could in transferring it from Magic and the 80's to present day no magic. I'll be doing my best to keep everything linking this story to current times in the way of people and such to a minimum. Thank you all for reading, and I hope you enjoy this new story. Chapter 1 The nightmare would return sometimes. A dark night, playing cards with his family as they were in witness protection, one of father's old friends from school outside on duty watching the house for them. He was six when it happened. The door had suddenly burst open, men in skeleton masks came rushing in guns drawn and pointing at the small family sitting around the table. It had been a small group of people. Four men in skeleton masks, and then he'd walked in. Strutting about as if he held all the cards from then on. "Hello Potter. You've been stopping me at every turn. Keeping the peace, killing my men. Well finally I've caught you. And after tonight you will no longer be a hindrance to my plans." His voice had sounded smooth as silk. Like it was gilded in gold, looking back Harry could see how the man had swayed the masses and accrued so many followers in his madness of killing all who weren't British born and bred. "You've got me. But there's no need to involve my family here Voldemort. Let them go. It's me who has been getting in your way." His father had remained cool, only Harry catching his eyes dart towards the desk hidden from their sight where his pistol lay. "They support you don't they? I'm sure young Harry here believes his father; the big bad counter terrorist extraordinaire is the greatest man alive. And we all know your wife thinks the world of it. She talks enough about it in all her classes she teaches, and all her papers for Hogwarts University's journal. What did she call me in her last one? A homicidal maniac who will soon find himself on the wrong end of Officer Potters gun and in chains soon after? No, they are just as much a part of this as you are. The face of the opposition against me and my cleansing. Fool! Toni—" His words were cut off as suddenly James Potter capitulated forward, throwing both Harry and Lilly Potter to the ground as he grabbed his pistol from the pedestal, two shots fired, two of the masked men falling. Voldemort's own gun rang but once and James potter was on the ground, a hole through his chest. "You never knew when to quit! Now watch as your life slips through your hands and I end that which you hold dearest." He kicked the fallen man twice, hoping to pull from his bloodied lips a gasp of pain. He was given no such pleasure as James Potter glared up at him, hate filling his eyes. He only broke this glare when a cry was heard from under the table. "PAPAAAAaaa!" His eyes widened as he looked over, his cool brown eyes, filled with love, meeting the terror filled emerald eyes of his son. "sshhh…." A deep breath wracked his body as time seemed to slow down for Harry, the last two masked men grabbing a screaming Lily and dragging her up by her hair. "Sshh Harry. It's going to be alright. Your godfather will be here any moment. It's going—It's going to be alright." His statement broken by a cough as blood was spat from his mouth. "Call for him my little pronglet and he will come." He closed his eyes as his mother struggled, kicked one of the masked men, taking his gun to shoot the one holding her hair in his fist. Trying to get between harry and Voldemort. The maniac's gun pointed towards young Harry. Bent on ending his life and then hers. He began chanting his godfather's name. A madman. A fighter. A terror on the battle field and a nightmare in the shadows to those who would try and terrorize the world. If James Potter, his powerful and commanding father was the face of the Counter terrorism squad facing off against the more and more public attacks of Voldemort. Then His godfather was the gun that was shot. Together his father and godfather were unbeatable. They'd never lost. Surely they wouldn't lose if he came now. "Sirius. Sirius. Sirius…" His little voice quaking in fear as he called through the darkness for him. His mother finally getting away she threw herself in front of Harry and Voldemort. Three gun shots rang through the night, all finding their way into young Lilly Potter's chest, her blood spattering upon the shivering and quaking young boy, still doing his best to chant for Sirius, even as his fear filled eyes began slowly opening, his voice dying on his lips as Voldemort's sneer grew wide, preparing to shoot. "PRONGS! LILLYY!" Hope shot across Harry's face at the sound of his Godfather. Hate filling Voldemort. "Good, tonight I shall end all those who oppose me." He turned to find the man who he hated second most in the world only to drop down as his final masked companion's head exploded. "Sirius! You're too late fool. Both Potters lie bleeding at my feet, and soon young Harry will join them! Then I shall find that cute fiancé of yours and add her blood to this mess!" "Harry! Harry are you alright?" "Yes Padfoot! I'm here!" "Silence boy!" his gun flew back, striking Harry on the head and knocking him to the ground a ghastly and jagged cut upon his brow. Sirens sounded in the night, the windows flashing in reds and blues. "Give it up Voldemort! Killing Harry won't get you anywhere. Give up and come out! NOW!" "I'll see you in hell Sirius!" The side door and all the front windows suddenly burst open, a flash bang flying in and exploding as cops entered from the side. Voldemort's gun firing at a rapid pace, dropping the first two cops with ease before he found himself empty of bullets. Staring in hate at the small child at his feet he spit on the ground beside his face where his blood was spilling from the cut. "I'll return for you one day boy. And you will bleed like your fools of parents that day." With that he sprinted towards the back door, cops entering the room as his Godfather, dressed in his usual suit with a .50 BMG sniper slung over his shoulder and pistol out and aiming as he hurried towards Harry, searching for the menace who'd killed his best friends. "Harry are you ok?" "Padfoot. Save papa! Save mama! Please! They're hurt!" He was inconsolable as he threw himself into his godfather's arms, who was doing his best not to look at his friend's bodies, knowing he'd break down into tears and he needed to be strong for Harry. Needed to be there for the terrified and blood covered little boy. "Come on Harry, go with these men. They're going to clean you up. I'll go see what I can do for James and Lilly." Harry may have been young. But he knew when he was being lied to. And looking at his parents, their eyes cloudy and staring at the ceiling, he knew they were gone. He just knew. Hate clouded his eyes as he suddenly ripped himself from Sirius' arms, grabbed his father's glock and ran out the back door. After the man who'd killed his parents, his Godfather's voice trailing after him, telling him to stop and come back. Chasing after the young boy, three cops on his tail as backup. /-/-/ Sirius watched as Harry flew from the house, his father's bloody gun clutched in his tiny hands, and he knew. He knew, that his little godson was about to grow up way to fast if he couldn't catch him. Dropping his prized sniper, pistol in hand he chased after his little Godson, three of his support following him as backup. But he couldn't care less. If he couldn't find and catch up to Harry, who was about to become lost from sight in the small woods behind their house, heading towards the cliff side, then it wouldn't matter if he had backup. He'd have to just know where Harry was going, and by default, Voldemort. He sprinted after, his long legs carrying him past the bodies of cops who'd given pursuit to Voldemort. Calling over his shoulder for one of his backups to see if they were breathing. He could hear the frightened breathing of his godson, but had yet to catch up, the small child able to fly through the brush and cut corners much faster than the tall young man chasing after him. "Harry! Harry come back! Where are you?!" Still he ran on, knowing the boy would head towards the cliff side, both thinking that Voldemort would try and escape into the water there. As he broke through the tree line he came upon a sight that would haunt his own nightmares for years after. Young Harry, gun pointed at the man who'd killed his parents. Said man standing back to the steep Cliffside, smirking at the young boy who was pointing a weapon he could barely hold up at him. "Don't do it Harry! Harry let me take care of this. Back up Harry!" Sirius' voice cut the silence, startling Harry who turned in fright to face his Godfather whose gun was trained on the terrorist but eyes were darting to Harry and back making sure he was listening. "Yes Harry. Let the grownups handle this. Your parents died like dogs, perhaps your godfather wishes to join them!"