Chapter 1 "James! James! Wake up. Now! This is important!" Lily whispered aloud, hitting her husband as he lay upon the bed. Her husband only grunting in response and rolling over. "James, I will tell Sirius about that time in sixth year when I found you in quiet the—" "Alright! Alright! I'm up. What?" James spoke aloud, only to be punched by Lily. "Sshh. Look who's in bed with us." Looking down, to James shock, and delight was their firstborn child. Harry James Potter. Forgetting what his wife was talking about he leaned down and began rubbing the small boy's back, kissing his forehead as the baby slept peacefully between them. Then it hit him. "How did he get here? His crib's in the next room." James spoke, his eyes alight with pride as he looked down at his son. "There's more. James, think really hard. What all has been put up in this house?" "Well the wards so no one could… he could have floated himself down here. There's no saying he actually apparated to us." James said skeptically, trying to find a reason. "And I would think the same thing, except our bedroom door is closed, and I know for a fact so is his." "But… there's no way he could have apparated here. This is the second time he's done something like this. Remember? He did it when we visited Hogwarts. Disappeared and we found him in Professor McGonagall's office playing with her hat. We looked away for one second and he was gone. How's the little guy doing it? Don't get me wrong. Our son will be a powerful wizard, just like his parents and godfather. But still, how?" "My only thought is… this may sound a little crazy but… it's not Apparating. I think he's doing something more of, like summoning something, but the reverse. When you summon something, you picture it appearing, and being placed either beside you, in your hand. You know. So I wonder, if he just sees himself with them, being held or something, and so reverse summons himself there. The only other option I have, is its accidental magic, so it bypasses everything else, because no one quiet understands it." Lily finished, lovingly picking up Harry as she made to carry him to his crib. As she did, James walked over to Harry's dresser, pulling out a shrunken trunk from the top drawer, and pulled out Lily's diary to add her thoughts. "James what are…? Oh. Must you put that in there? It's just an idea, we haven't even played with it yet." "If something happens, Sirius will need all the help he can get with Harry." It was a sobering thought, to be reminded why they were in their smaller house, away from the Manor. Hiding from a madman who was after them. All for some blasted prophecy, that wasn't even set in stone. Yet it seemed this man was hell bound to make it so. As he'd pursued them wherever they'd fled. This is the longest they'd remained hidden. James finished writing, placing the diary back inside the trunk, and replacing it within the top drawer of Harry's dresser. "Come on love. Let's go back to bed. I'm sure Harry will wake us up like he usually does." But as they made their way back the house rocked with an explosion. Fear erupted on their faces. "Get Harry out of here! I'll hold him off!" James shouted, summoning his wand as he ran. Not looking back for fear he'd falter if he saw his wives face, especially as he heard Harry cry out in fear. "He'll not make it past me. I'll give her time to run. Time to escape!" His mind shouted, getting to the bottom of the stair case and finding himself face to face with him. "Voldemort." /-/-/ Lily grabbed hold of Harry and pulled out her portkey… but it didn't work. Cursing, in a very un-Lily like way, she placed Harry back within the crib, who immediately began crying. "Sh. Ssshh baby. I'm here. Momma's here baby. She could here James dueling downstairs, and knew that he was one of the best. And together they'd dueled and held off Voldemort fairly easily. But alone… she knew neither of them were that strong... Swiftly she bit her thumb, placing a drop of blood upon Harry's forehead. "I love you baby. And I won't lit you die tonight. Not tonight." Lily whispered, performing the ancient ritual as quickly as she could, sounds of fighting still emanating from below. The space between mother and child briefly glowed bright white. "There you go my love. I pray this keeps you safe. I created it just for you my love." Lily finished as it became deathly silent from downstairs. Calmly turning, she summoned her wand and prepared herself. "Why must you fight me? Do you not see that what I wish is for the best!? Dumbledore has been here too long. He's a plague that must be burned, like many of the problems here in our world. Like you're kind! Mudbloods. Though I will say, you never bothered me, nor many others. You understood our world, and weren't aiming to change everything in one day. Unlike many. But still, you stand in my way. I offered your husband a way out. Simply join me, and give me the child and all would be fine. But he fought. Even drawing first blood." Here Voldemort held his arm out, a deep cut going from mid forearm up to his shoulder. "I was sorry to kill him. But no one stands in my way. Now move aside girl." "Take me. Please, just leave him. Leave Harry. He's not a threat to you." Lily spoke softly, hoping, but knowing she'd fail, to convince this man to let her child live. "Foolish! Avada Kedavra!" The bright green light shot from the wand, hitting the witch, who could not move, as her child was directly behind her. "Such a waste of blood." Was muttered by the black robbed man as he strode towards the baby in the crib, crying and screaming as he watched his mother hit the floor, and not holding him close and comforting him. "All this for you? A waste of time. But finally over. Just one more after you, and they shan't be hard to find." Voldemort muttered, holding up his wand as he prepared the curse. He belatedly saw the blood upon the boy's forehead as he shot his curse, but by then it was too late. His curse hit the child, the boy glowing brightly as the curse rebounded off him and struck the dark lord in the chest. Anger and surprise plastered across his face as he was rocketed backwards and into the wall. As he felt himself dying, he saw blood trickling from an open wound on the child's forehead before a pulse of magic launched out from the still glowing babe, turning his body to ash, but leaving a mist like presence that disappeared out the hole that was made by the baby's magic. /-/-/ It wasn't but thirty minutes later that he appeared. Long black hair pulled back into a pony tail as he ran through the broken door. "James!" The man shouted, finding his best friend lying dead in the kitchen, determination still etched on his face, even in death. Quickly he sprinted up the stairs, he was briefly drawn to the pile of clothes, ash, and wand in the corner before finding Lily's body in front of Harry's crib, love gracing her face as she lay there. Then the man's eyes were drawn to the crying, finding what he sought. He shot forward like an arrow, picking up the small child and holding him close, tears falling freely from his eyes. "Oh Harry. I'm so sorry. I should have stayed. I could have… I could have helped. Done something!" He shouted, pulling the baby close, who's crying had stopped, now munching upon the man's hair and sniffling quietly as he warmed in his godfather's embrace. "Pa'foot" the small baby whispered, before closing his eyes, falling to sleep upon the man's shoulders. "I'll kill you Peter. I swear that here and now. I will find you and kill you. Enjoy life while you can, as I must care for Harry. But I will find you!" Sirius said in a deep gravelly voice, the voice of his ancestors. A voice promising death and pain. Not entirely in that order. A small rat scurried from the house, fear in its eyes as it ran. Knowing that Sirius knew he was there. As Sirius turned he found a trunk that seemed to have exploded out from inside Harry's top dresser door. "What is?" He questioned, stepping forward hesitantly. Opening the trunk he found several things, things that made him smile. There was a small diary, Lily's, with the front page being a note to Sirius, explaining this was all about Harry and how to raise him, should something happen. He passed every chapter, only reading their last note, on Harry and the idea of reverse summoning, or perhaps just accidental magic in general. Hearing a pop, he closed the book, drawing his wand and walking towards the stairs, ready to flee should he feel wards being placed. "Ah James my boy. I'm so sorry." Was heard from below, Sirius relaxing some as he took the stairs down. "Dumbledore! They're both dead. But Harry's still alive." Sirius spoke quickly, entering the room where an aged man stood above James, closing his eyes as he took in the scene. "And Voldemort?" "Dead I believe. Though I've no idea how. But I feel it has something to do with this blood on his forehead, and that cut." Sirius said, turning Harry so Dumbledore could see the cut that had been opened on Harry's head. "Indeed. Well, let me take the child then my son. You should seek out Peter. Find him quickly, and we may be able to capture the rest of the Death Eaters. We need to get as many as we can. I feel that Voldemort is not truly gone yet. Quickly my boy." Sirius suddenly felt the need to find and kill Peter. He could leave Harry with Dumbledore, he'd take care of him until he'd gotten the bloody rat bastard! Sirius failed to see that Dumbledore's wand was in his hand, waving about in a complex charm as the Headmaster spoke. "You're right! I'll kill the bastard!" Sirius shouted, handing Harry off before Apparating away, eyes clouded as he did so. "I'm sorry my boy. But's it's for the greater good. Now come on Harry, we must set the scene for our next performer." Dumbledore muttered, carrying Harry back up the stairs to place him in his crib again, waking Harry and causing him to cry. "Sshh it's ok. Someone shall be here soon, then I will be right back." And with a pop Dumbledore was gone, leaving a crying, cold babe in the crib alone. /-/-/ Ten minutes later another pop was heard, as a long greasy haired man entered the house, tears falling from his eyes as he took in the damage to the room, hardly stopping as his eyes passed over the dead body of his long time tormentor. He stumbled up the stairs, pain raging in his heart as he did so. There he found her, lying dead at the foot of the crib, her babe crying and watching him with curiosity through his tears. The man fell to his knees at her body, clutching her to him as he held her close, screaming his pain to the night sky as he did so. He held her for a while, weeping as he sat there, till a small word broke through to his mind, snapping him out of it. "se'rus…?" Turning, wonder now in his eyes as he beheld the child who