My eyes are stinging with heat as I try to open them, but it seems impossible. I'm so exhausted that fluttering my eye lids open was the last thing on my mind. I flip my body on the bed I share with and my arms search for Bella's little thin body. I successfully find her, the sound of her soft breathing indicates that she's still asleep, and use my arm to pull her body closer to my chest. I feel her move a little and she starts to nuzzle her face into my neck for more heat. I only snicker quietly and feel a small smile come over my face. Our bed could fit us both, but we were only given one thin sheet for warmth. I never needed it because I could create my own heat with my bare hands, so I always gave it to Bella. But it never kept her that warm so she would cuddle with me every night and I share my heat. I begin to open my eyes after ten minutes but was tempted to close them again. Our small room was lighted with sunlight that came from our window with metal bars over the glass to keep us in. I slowly start to get up, trying hard not to wake Bella, and turn my body to sit on the edge. The sunlight glares into my eyes once again to signal me that it was noon already. Bella and I must've slept for ten hours after what happened last night. Testing Day as the people who worked here liked to call it. Every child with a special ability here (there must be like one hundred and fifty of us), goes through this every month. They test our powers to see if we improve and find out if we gained new ones. Knowing from yesterday, about fifty children have gained new abilities which is complete bad luck. New abilities meant more experiments that are ten times more painful than how any other laboratory in the United States uses them. This place is known as 'The Special Children Care Institute', for mutant children just like us. The prisoners here call it 'Hell for Misunderstood Children'. I stand up and make my way to the dresser Bella and I share to grab my uniform, the only clothes we have to wear in daylight. I see two granola bars on top, breakfast. Slipping out of my pajamas, I put on my tight black shirt with my number, 19874, on the left sleeve, and cargo pants with a brown belt around the thighs. All the kids here are supposed to wear this uniform and the numbers give away who we are. Bella's was 67392 when she came here, but Maia and I gave her the full name Arabella (Bella was her nickname). When kids are born with mutated abilities, they are sent here straight away and are taken from their parents without giving them a name. That's how bad we got it here. I put my dark brown hair into a simple braid and take a small bite of the granola bar. I wasn't that hungry but it gave me energy. "Good morning…" I hear a soft yawn and turn to smile at the six year old girl with messy platinum blonde hair and exhausted crystal blue eyes. She starts to sit up and stretch her arms up to the high ceiling with another yawn escaping her mouth. "Good morning Bella," I say to her warmly and begin to grab her uniform from the draws and her granola bar. I walk back to the bed and lay out the uniform as Bella sits on the mattress Indian style nibbling at her food. She lifts up her arms to show that she's ready to be stripped from her pajamas. I gently slip the white shirt over her head and let her put the black one on by herself. "Did you have any good dreams?" I ask her as she starts to put on her cargo pants. She nods and tells me, "Yeah, the same one you had. You know, about us running through the woods and escaping this place. And we sang to the birds we love so much. It felt so real." At first, I'm confused. Confused about how we could've had the same exact dream. Then I remember about her ability, she has the ability to read minds and she must've read mine when I was sleeping. I just grin at her and press my lips against her forehead. "That dream's going to come true today. So we better get ready." It's true, todays the day we finally leave this place. After living here for eighteen years with torture and experiments that could almost kill me, I finally made a perfect plan to get me and three other kids to escape here. And it's happening tonight. "I also had another dream before." She explains to me. "About little people with hairy feet, I think they said they were called Hobbits." "Hobbits…?" "Yeah, and dwarves, little fat hairy men with accents I believe Scottish maybe." She continues. "Are they related to the Hobbits being short and hairy?" I joke and she shakes her head. "No. And there were elves too." "Like Santa's elves?" "No, they were really tall and beautiful. They would've been mistaken for a human, except they have pointy ears." "That must be interesting. What happened?" I was curious about her dream, the one with short and hairy people and elves really tall. "Nothing, they were just there." She paused to think of something, and then it hit her. "And there were also two wizards. One was wearing a grey dress while the other was wearing white." "A grey and white wizard?" I question and she nods. "Did they have wands?" "No, they were different wizards." She tells me. What does she mean different wizards? Wasn't a wizard just a wizard? What an unusual dream she had. A loud bang was brought from our door to make a dressed Bella jump with shock. I glare at the door with anger, knowing who would cause it. It opens to reveal a tanned skinned, large buff man, two times my size with muscles as hard as stone, wearing green uniform that almost read 'do-as-I-say-or-get-whipped'. He was huge like an ox and deadly like a hunger tiger. He was one of the guards here at this institute that everyone fears, except for me. His name was Iven. "Muds, time to get up now!" he yelled at both of us. That's what they call us here, Muds. We never understood why, we weren't dirty. "19874, you're ordered to go to the arena. 67392, you're coming with me." Bella gives me a nervous glance and I give her a soothing grin. We both will be separated to go with our age group. My age group will be in the arena were we must do our work outs while Bella's group goes outside for a half an hour of free time. Free time is everyone's favorite activity. You are free to walk around the courtyard, but please don't kill one another please. I turn my head to Iven and give him a glare. "Be patient with us." He glares back at what I said, almost tempted to beat me right there. He hates me after I burnt his tanned skin one time when he had me pinned down four years ago. My punishment was getting whipped five times, but I left a hand print scar on Iven's right wrist and he still gets enraged when he gives a small glance at it. As I started to leave the room, Iven gives me two rubber gloves the color of green I must wear. No one here trust me with my ability after the Iven's incident, so I must hide my hands in these stupid pieces of plastic at all time. If I take them off, people will think I'm doing something dangerous and I will get punished. Before I leave, Iven gives me a rough nudge on my shoulder that trips me, but I keep my balance. I see an amused smirk form on his face and I wanted to burn it right there. Clench his head and burn of his whole skin until I could feel his skull. But I know I'm not allowed to do that unless I want to get more scars on my back. The arena was two floors down where my room was and outside the building. I see other guards watching my every move as I walk, but I ignore them when I get to the Main Floor. As I make my way outside I already see teens, eighteen to twenty, running around the worn out track, lifting up weights two times heavier than what a normal man can carry, shooting arrows and bullets at targets shaped as human dummies, or wrestling one another to the ground like wild animals. Around the arena was a metal fence twenty feet high that would make a million volts of electricity go inside your body with one touch. We also have guards, less intimidating then Iven, at each edge of the arena watching us carefully. I ignore their gaze and make my way over to the three people I can trust here. Their names are Maia, Ben, and Channing. "Good afternoon Ash," Ben says to me with a welcoming grin. Ash was my nickname for Astrid. Maia came up with it after the day I met her, telling me that it meant little star. "We were just finishing our five miles on the track," Ben continues. "Took us thirty minutes to do so." I laugh at their time mockingly. I can run five miles in twenty-nine minutes. They weren't even sweating, but we never sweat that much. We mutants are supposed to be stronger and better than men anyway. We are also told by the scientist that we are more beautiful than a regular human. I always thought my friends were beautiful. Maia with her long curly dirty blonde hair and eyes like the sea, while Ben and Channing both had dark hair and misty grey eyes. The two boys would've been mistaken for brothers, but they're not related. I always told them it was God's joke to confuse people and both of them agreed. "Did Iven come for Bella today?" Channing asked me and I nod. We never trusted Iven when he took Bella to where she needed to be. He picks on other children when he gets bored of us, but Bella and I are always his main prey. Soon, we won't have to worry about him anymore. "She's really excited about tonight though." I tell them in a whisper so no one heard me. Maia nods at what I said and my attention is turned to her. "Tonight is perfect, but we have to be careful and fast." She tells me in a worried tone. I ask her why and she answers, "Because I heard that there was supposed to be a huge storm nightfall, that's why the whole institute is going to be in lock down and also the reason all the powers going to be turned off. It's the perfect plan but also a very risky one." I look up at the sky to see that the color blue wasn't showing. The dark grey clouds were covering it with fierce. Just one glance got me very nervous about tonight. "Then maybe we shouldn't do this." I only say that because Bella was going with Maia, Ben, and I on this escape. If there was going to be a storm, I wouldn't want her to get hurt or even killed. I've known her the day those cruel people assigned her as my roommate. It used to be just me living alone in that tiny room, but after her sweet soul came into my life I immediately accepted