Far to the southwest of Eriador lived a village called Caldwell. A medium sized town with ordinary people. They are not like the Hobbits that live north from where they were, opposite from the kind actually: they were tall, thin, looking basically like any other regular man. Though, a handful of the villagers were extraordinary from the rest. If you go down the main road of the village, turn left at the blacksmith shop and go straight on ahead, you will find a forest. Now this was no ordinary forest with birds and animals roaming and trees that grow every year, this one was special. They say when a woman is pregnant and the time of labor is near, very rare times will she birth in the forest. Here, when the baby is born, the forest also grants the child one special power. Yes, an insane legend the people never believed, but not to the few men who had their abilities for their whole life. Indeed, there are a handful of men in Caldwell whose mothers gave birth in the forest and were granted with the abilities they have today. One of the few that knew of these people was Favian, the son of Ethamen, the only man in Caldwell that came out of the great unknown to live his life there. He is a quiet young man who liked people to keep out of his business. Favian never told his mysterious stories of his travels and, frankly, no one in the town seemed to bother on the topic. He was the town's huntsman, as they would call him, and he was skillful with a bow and making traps to catch his game. But it wasn't a hobby he learned when he was a young boy, his skill was high senses which made him the perfect hunter. He was able to hear an animal's footsteps a hundred meters away, see a clear view of a chantling on the highest tree in the forest, and smell the blood of a wounded animal that was caught in one of his traps. He was a man who lived in the shadows, away from the people of Caldwell, a man who minded his own business and would never talk to others. Even though the lone wolf he was got the best of him, the private life he had would change forever. It was a warm summer night with millions of stars shining in twilight and Caldwell was silent as a graveyard. Not one soul made a noise of disturbance until a few seconds later. The sound of hooves stomping against the ground and wooden wheels squeaking filled the quiet night, yet no one seemed awake enough to ear the noise clearly. The chestnut pony that pulled the wagon came to a sudden halt after feeling its master tug the reins back aggressively. When the world went quiet again, the mysterious man in grey cloak hopped out from his wagon and fixed his point blue hat after the wind pushed it to an uncomfortable position. He then began to stroke his grey beard and scan the village suspiciously, distracted by a deep thought. There seemed to be nothing wrong in Caldwell, for now. For a few minutes, the screaming silence came to a close when he felt the presence of another soul. Turning to his right, a hooded figure walked slowly in his direction. The figure seemed like no threat to him, after searching for weapons and clearly founding none, so he smiled and gave a respectful bow. "My Lady Galadriel." he said. When it was close, the figure came to a stop and pulled down the hood. Underneath was a radiant she-Elf with golden wavy hair and crystal blue eyes. Her pale skin seemed to be glowing with a natural light and she put on a smile that could make someone feel extremely wonderful. " Vedui' (Greetings) Mithrander , it is nice to see you again." she said in a delighted voice. "And to you my Lady," his real name was Gandalf, but to the elves he was Mithrander . Gandalf peeked down towards mid-part of Galadriel and noticed how she was cradling a bundle of blankets. "Your journey was safe?" "My travel from Lórien to this little town in a short amount of time was very secure, thank you for your worries." she said with a small grin. Gandalf knew from there that she must've used teleportation to get here. He was close enough to peek inside the bundle of blankets. There, he spotted a small baby who was fast asleep to even notice the old wizard. "The descendant of Embris, so young." he whispered. "And it is not an appropriate age to lose both parents." Galadriel gave a doleful nodded, "Yes, this tragedy will be most remembers out of all the deaths that happen in the world. Embris, my dear friend, will now rest with his wife beside him, but his child will live on." "Was the child in Mirkwood?" Gandalf asked. "Yes, under the care of Thranduil and his servants until it was time to bring her to me. Embris had a good relation between the elves there and were willing to look out for the little one until further instructions. The princeling of Mirkwood, Legolas, rode horse back to deliver the child at my request. There was an uneasy look upon his face when we did the handoff, but it would make sense since his travels lasted for a week. He did not enjoy the idea of letting the child go." Galadriel felt the baby girl stir in her arms and looked down. The baby let out a small whimper and began to squirm her right arm out of the tight blankets. Her tiny fingers flexed, touching the fresh air. On her short arm, a dark mark was imprinted on her flesh. Gandalf gave a sudden gasp. "The rumors are true, he did–" "Touch her, yes. She would not be with us today if her father did not sacrifice himself. Though, the scar will be there for the rest of her life." "There is no way of healing the wound?" "I am afraid not…" she said with her beautiful face turning into a troubled look. "She will question it when she comes to the ages of adulthood." he mumbled. "And those questions will be answer by her new guardian." she said in a patient voice. Galadriel than handed the bundle of blankets to Gandalf and he carefully took it in his arms. She then handed him a tied parchment. "Come, it is time we settle her into the new home. Bring the child to the front doors of the man Favian, son of Ethamen, with the parchment by her side." "Might I ask what is written inside the parchment?" asked Gandalf. "Only a small summary of the death of Embris and his maiden, how he is now responsible for the young one and his instructions on his duty." "My Lady Galadriel (please excuse me for my questions) but I must also ask," He said quickly in hopes he wasn't annoying the she-Elf, "Why the fellow of Caldwell? The child could be easily protected in one of the elven realms. Embris had a strong relation between them." Galadriel just nodded, understanding what Gandalf meant. "It is a risk I would take, to be the child's guardian. If I could do it, I would have treated her like my own daughter and answered all the questions she would have for me. I would have loved her like a mother would and protect her with all my might. But it is not my place to do so. I am not destined to be responsible for the child's fate." Gently, she stroked the baby's head with her pale hand. She gave a small chuckle after pulling her hand away. "She is warm… very warm. That is a good feeling. She will grow up and live out her father's legend. "Caldwell is a peaceful village with no tress of evil making its way here. It is good for a young girl like her to live in this place. Favian will help her grow into a powerful maiden and master the ability to control fire. He is a perfect contestant out of the others we thought about considering. He is the only man here who has befriended Embris. His ability of sharp keenness should be a clue of who he really is." Galadriel smiled again when she saw the puzzled look on Gandalf's face. She continued before he could ask. "Embris would trust this man with his life after their adventures they have shared together. Though, I am completely sure Favian does not know the death of his friend, and he will be heart-broken when he reads the parchment. "I see a bright future for the young one during her years in the village, but then I see a shadow creeping over her strong soul when she leaves. It is from the Black Lord, Verumoth ," she hissed his name with tone of hatred, "I fear, and he will return." Galadriel finished with a grave expression. "Though not for some time," Gandalf said in a reassuring voice. "The Black Lord has disappeared after he fought against Embris. The Lord of Fire's only victory was saving his daughter and making sure that Verumoth never laid a single finger upon her. Though he has failed," he grumbled. "Since the mark is very visible and written with evil magic." Galadriel gave him a look. "My friend has not failed in any way. The child is alive and that is how it should be. She is destined for great things when she comes to an understanding of who she is. So be thankful that the descendant of a great Seldarin has not faced the same death as both her father and mother. "Now please, Mithrander , we have wasted enough time in this discussion. We must leave the child and hope by morning her guardian will find her and understand his important role." Before Gandalf could even move, Galadriel bent down to give the baby a small peck on her forehead and whispered. " Quel kaima. " (Sleep well) She pulled away and nodded to Gandalf. The wizard took out a weaved basket with grey blanket tucked in. He gently put the bundle of blankets inside, tucking in any loose blankets that stood out, and slowly carried the basket to the front door where Favian lived. Placing the basket down, he put the parchment inside with the child and left to return back to Galadriel. For a full minute, the two stood in silence as they watched the basket closely. Gandalf's eyes were filled with sorrow and Galadriel's light seemed to be dying away as she mumbled, " Cormamin niuve tenna' ta elea lle au' ." (My heart will weep until I see you again) "Our time here is over." Galadriel said. "Let us return to our daily lives now and pray she is safe and sound. Namaarie (Farewell) , Mithrander ." In a blink of an eye, Galadriel's body vanished into thin air. Gandalf turned to hop back onto his wagon and drive his pony out of Caldwell. Just like Galadriel, he disappeared throughout the night. A cool breeze flowed through the air making a small child shiver. The baby rolled over in the basket and slept on until the inky black night faded to morning. ~0~0~0~ At the age of eleven, the tot grew up into healthy young girl with an amazing ability. But her godfather, Favian, told her over and over again to keep her gift a secret. He hoped that at a young age, the message would sink in and she'll be able to follow it without being told repeatedly every day. She would listen, but sometimes even powerful people can lose their temper. Stupid… idiotic… dumb-headed…. She repeated those words in her head over and