The waves splashed against my little boat as I hauled the net on board, fish flopped onto the deck and I measured all of them, throwing the small ones back. I whistled as the sun shone onto my freckled, bronzed shoulders. Something knocked the bottom of the boat and I shouted in surprised as Raphael And I stabled it. "What was that?!" I barked at him. and we looked over the edge, cautious. "Is it a shark?" He asked, his voice curious as he countered my weight as I leaned over the edge to check. This far out a shark could tip our small boat and eat us. Thats happened a few times over the years. I look and ask for some chum, usually a weak fish that died when it was pulled aboard in the nets. I cut it in half through its scales and punctured the heart where blood spilled out into the water with a small pocket knife that I stole. No shark surfaced in the clear salt water. I threw the fish and a dolphin came up to it and took it before disappearing. We sighed in relief before pulling the nets back up. It was heavy and I needed help. I undid its slip knot where over a dozen good sized fish flopped out, its silver scales flashing in the sun. We laughed at our luck. Hopefully it carried into the reapings that were going on later today. I frowned at the sudden thought. Someone was going to be entered into games today. Someone was going to die. Someone was going to kill kids. I blinked back tears when I thought of Lucifer, Raphael's youngest brother. I watched that kid so many times I stopped keeping track. I was close to Raphael's family after they kept me alive during a certain nasty case of pneumonia. I stayed on my own after that mostly, fading into the shadows of the tree line that surrounded the community. I wiped at my eyes when Raphael called my name. "Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay." I shrugged under his scrutiny and threw the net back. I stared at the water some more and frowned. I looked at His squinted eyes and strong jaw and suddenly doubled over, breath hitched painfully in my chest. My chest hurt. He was on me before I knew it. "This is why we don't think too hard about the future, Lily." He grabbed some water and threw it in my face and I nodded. For a 15 year old he sure had a way better knowledge of how to keep feelings locked away than I did. I nodded. "We need to get back. This is more than we need anyway." I threw my ponytail over my shoulder and grabbed the oars as he pulled the net into the water, throwing back the fish for another day. "Help me." I hand the paddle to him and we row back to the sandy shore. I hop out and we push the boat into a bush and cover it before he sends me back to get ready since my nice clothes are at his families house. After I got sick, they offered to be a home away from home because the one I was living in wasn't very liveable. 5 other siblings, my parents, my grandmothers and my grandfathers didn't make it so that there was much room and I was often ignored and didn't eat just so there was food for others. I usually lived in the jungle-ish treeline closest to the shore where we were stashing the boat now. "Go back and get ready. I am going to check the traps." He smiled sympathetically to me and I blinked my blue-green eyes back before sprinting off, flip flops in hand. It wasn't long before I reached their niceish house where their youngest sibling, Sarah, sitting in the front yard. She ran up to me, her bright brown eyes sparkling as she called my name. "L! Lookit my dress! Mama gave it to me! She said it used to be hers! Ain't it pretty?" She bounced and motioned for me to pick her up. For 8 years old she was very small and seemed to be taking after her Mother. I smiled and swung her around. "That looks so cute Sarah. Now can you go tell your Mama I am here?" I smiled and gently let her down before she ran inside. I sighed and started to pick up all of her toys so that I could put them away and help her out around the house. She came out, sandy blond hair done up in a tight bun. "Hello, Lily! Aw, thanks for picking up Sarah's toys!" She turned and called behind her. "Sarah! Go help Lily!" The little girl barreled out and started gathering up her little dolls and smaller items while I took care of the bigger things that I knew one of her brothers helped bring out here. "Now, I know the reaping is today so I wont make you do too much," She held the door inside while I followed Sarah into the house, picking up whatever she dropped behind her. I thanked her and she continued to talk. "I still expect you to sweep and dust as well as get some yard work done. I will let you know when you can stop working and then I will help you get ready. Okay, dear?" I nodded. "Yes, Mrs. Costi. Will do. I assume you want me to dust first?" I asked and put the toys into Sarah's toy chest. They sure did spoil the little girl. She told me to sweep first. The pale turquoise walls of the house seemed to offer an odd color to my skin as the light bounced off. I grabbed the broom and started to sweep any sand or dust that might have collected on the wood floors. The broom brushed any dust into a pile where it clumped into an ashen pile. This task was completed quickly. I put the broom back and dusted all shelves. I heard footsteps behind me before Michael's familiar voice greeted me. "Hey, Lily." He drew out the 'e' on the 'hey' and I turned around and said hello back. His shaggy light brown hair had been slicked back and a pale grey dress shirt remained unbuttoned on his toned body. "How is it going?" I shrugged, and he smiled crookedly at me. "Its going pretty well, I guess." I continued to work and he followed me around, holding conversation. He started to button up his shirt as we talked and I snuck looks at his face as he expressively talked. I smiled as he started fiddling with his tie. He made a small noise and I went to fix it for him. "You big baby." I grinned and then noticed that he had messed up on a button. I made a displeased noise and started unbuttoning his shirt. I dont want to get his shirt dirty so I go to put the duster away and I hear him yelling at someone in a friendly matter and a voices response. Not my business. I shrug and he is standing there with a stupid grin and immediately I know something is up. I roll my eyes and take a deep breath and start buttoning up his shirt. "Let me answer the door I said!" I hear the familiar voice and I immediately lower my head and hide my face before resuming my task. The thudding of the steps stop and I turn just in time to see Gabriel at the steps. I blush and my face hardens and I can't stop my hands from trembling. I steady myself and speak clearly and cooly. "Gabriel." The task is finished and I turn to him. I blink rapidly and stand up straighter. "See you still look like the messenger." I snap, reminding him of the origin of his name. "And you still look like a orchid." "Runt." "Jailbait." "Pedo." "Says you." "Im sure there are some bite marks that wanna testify." "We agreed not to talk about that." He burned crimson and Michael scooted out of the room awkwardly. "No we didn't." "Yeah, we did." I shook my head and he raised his hands like a surrender. "I'd hit you if you didn't have your uses." I closed the distance between us so that we were mere arms length between each other. "Im waiting." He said and shrugged, his blue eyes shining and I shrugged. "I know." Resigned. "Don't do that. We have Lucifer, Michael and Raphael to worry about right now." I hear more footsteps and step back. "We have you too, Flower." He tilted his head and I winced. I have work to do. The sun filters through a window and a breeze rattled some shutters. "No, we don't, Gabriel." The tone was sharper than I intended. "We don't." He huffed and then threw up his hands in defeat. I shook my head to clear a headache and Mrs. Costi came in cheerily, humming a tune. "Don't look so down, Dear! I will have you fixed up real soon! Let me go grab some things for you!" I roll my eyes, flicking my simple braid behind me and hissing a cold response under my breath. Reaping is about to start and everyone is on edge. Even for a career district no one really likes to fight or even kill people and I'm on edge simply because there is a good chance that I might get chosen. At barely 16 I'm hoping for two more years of luck. Just two. Although more like one because my birthday falls during the games this year. I shake my head defiantly as they tell me that I can't possibly be chosen. I'm almost positive they don't really know about the tesserae. We all shuffle into our little age groups and I, for once, am dressed nice. A simple grey sweater with roses over a pale pink dress with some white flip flops are deviating from the norm in the usually warm weather. My dark hair is pushed back with a curl peeking out in front of my eyes. I look around and catch Michael's piercing blue eyes and he looks pleadingly at me. I know what he is asking even though I can't hear him. Where is Lucifer? I shrug and rise to the tips of my big toes and look for his youngest brother who just turned 12. My legs shake but I dont lower myself until I spot his sandy hair. Poor thing, looks like he is on the verge of crying as he looks around frantically for his family. He spots me and I offer an encouraging smile. He smiles back give him a thumbs up. He seems to calm down and I give the okay to Michael. I rub my thumb on my pointer finger in anticipation as it starts. I catch Raphael entering the group next to mine and I stop him for a second. My long fingers tug on his shirt and we lean in close so others don't hear us. "Did you hide the nets when you finished up?" I whispered, before he responded with a quiet yes. I grimaced and he looked sympathetically at me. "I have to teach you how to make your own nets." He pulled me into a tight hug and nodded against my hair and the smell of rosemary wafted into my nose. "Just don't get chosen and we should be fine." He looked gravely at me. Raphael started taking tessera without his family knowing last year for sometime and with a family of 7, his name may have been entered two or three fold of mine. His family still didn't know though. I ruffled his curly brown hair and patted his shoulder. He had a good 7 or 8 inches on me now