Mettarë, T.A. 3001 The last day of the year dawned cold and clear in Minas Tirith. A thin layer of snow covered the fields as a grey-clad figure made his way across them, leaning as usual upon his faithful staff. When he reached the great city gate, he was challenged briefly by a young sentry; but he gave the password and was permitted to enter. The city was already stirring. Houses were being swept in preparation for the new year, and the people abroad in the streets were in festive mood. Many of them, recognizing the Grey Pilgrim from his earlier visits, greeted him as "Mithrandir." And he, who had many names, slipped easily into thinking of himself by this one. He presented himself to the Lord Denethor, whom he found conferring with his chamberlain about making the White Tower ready for the evening's celebration, and requested leave to hunt through the archives for some information that he sought. Seemingly relieved that Mithrandir required nothing greater, Denethor gave his permission readily. After a pause, he added, "I hope you will join us for the Mettarë celebration tonight?" "I should be delighted," Mithrandir replied gravely. There was a gleam of amusement in his eye which the Steward did not fail to notice. The documents which Gondor had accumulated over the centuries were housed in a handsome building within the Citadel. Many of them had been rescued from the great archive of Osgiliath. Very little had been lost in the destruction of that city, thanks to the forethought of the archive workers: during the siege, they had carried the most important volumes to underground vaults, where they had escaped damage in the ensuing fire. It was these documents which Mithrandir wished to examine first, for he wanted to begin his search with the earliest days of Gondor's history. A pleasant-looking woman of middle age led him to a room where shelves, from floor to ceiling, were crammed with books and scrolls in an untidy jumble. Still more scrolls protruded from the tops of wooden crates ranged on the floor and the long wooden tables. "I fear it is somewhat in disarray," she explained apologetically. "The chamber housing these things was damaged in the great storm last summer--a tree branch as thick as a man's waist blew down upon the roof and cracked it in several places. We had to empty the room quickly, before the water ruined everything; we brought it here, but we have not yet been able to set all in order, nor to repair the roof of the chamber." Mithrandir harrumphed and knitted his formidable eyebrows. "Time was when the lore of Gondor would have been treated with more respect! Things have changed indeed if even Lord Denethor will not spare a few men to repair his storehouse of knowledge." "He has said it shall be mended as soon as the weather allows," she assured him hastily. "But with so many raids along the river of late, it could not be done sooner. And truly, we did not expect that anyone would ask for these old documents ere then. They are seldom requested." When she had gone, the wizard made himself comfortable, took up the nearest box of parchments, and began searching methodically through it. The news of the river raids was very interesting, and it strengthened his certainty that he was on to something important. Attempted attacks on the Shire in the north had been increasing also; he had discussed the matter with Strider when they met in Bree shortly after Bilbo's birthday party. They had made plans to hunt for the creature Gollum in the spring. Until then, Mithrandir intended to spend the winter in Minas Tirith and, he hoped, to learn something about Bilbo's ring. The short winter day passed swiftly. It took time to sift through the documents, for they had been scooped up hastily and mixed together in the rush to carry them to safety. An account of the great plague might be underneath a copy of an edict from King Tarostar, with a list of landholders in Ithilien from several hundred years later beneath that. Mithrandir looked carefully over each page before setting it aside. He missed his pipe, but knew it would be inadvisable to get it out--and not only because of the danger of fire or the need to conserve his pipeweed. The practice was unknown in Gondor, and the smell of pipe smoke was sure to draw complaints. Quiet reigned in the building, save for some junior archivists chatting about their plans for the evening. That night, the White Tower would be open to all those in the employ of the city or of Gondor, and everyone, down to the lowliest clerk and footsoldier, might come and drink a toast to the new year. As the day waned, Mithrandir became conscious that the young folk were asking each other in whispers whether they ought to tell him that the archive was closing for the day or allow him to remain, since he was a guest of Lord Denethor and so very fierce-looking--and if so, then who should stay behind to lock the door? At last, Mithrandir took pity on their dilemma, set aside his work, and prepared to leave. Though he had learned nothing of use that day, he was not discouraged. He had plenty of time to search. As he stood to collect his cloak and staff, he heard the door open. From his place, he could not see the visitor; but he heard the archivist give a courteous greeting, followed by the voice of a young man. "Pardon me for coming so late! I promise to be quick, but I must find one thing before you close." "Of course, my lord," another voice answered, arousing Mithrandir's interest. He thought he could guess who the visitor was, for he well remembered, from his last visit to the city, a small boy who would come to the archive every day and beg him for tales of his travels. That boy would now be about eighteen years old, he estimated. Stepping around the corner which blocked his view, he examined the figure kneeling before a bookcase near the door. The youth was lean and long-limbed. Dark hair fell to his shoulders and brushed the embroidered collar of his wine-colored velvet surcoat. He frowned slightly in concentration as he leaned over a heavy book balanced half on his knee, half on the edge of the bookshelf. The distinctive profile left no doubt as to his identity, for not only could Mithrandir see in it traces of the child of several years before, but it bore a startling resemblance to those of his father and brother. Faramir seemed to find the information he sought, and he closed the book. Then suddenly, as if he felt the gaze upon him, he turned his head. "Mithrandir!" he cried in delight, jumping up to greet the wizard warmly. "I did not know you were in the city! When did you come?" "I arrived this morning," Mithrandir replied, not displeased at his reception. "I have already seen your father; I am surprised he did not tell you." Something flickered across Faramir's face. "Ah. I have not spoken much with him today." Changing the subject quickly, he asked, "Will you be at the festivities this evening? If you are going to the White Tower, I will walk with you." He slid his book back onto the shelf, and Mithrandir caught sight of the title in gold letters upon the leather binding: Lives of the Great Generals of Gondor. "That is not your usual reading," he commented in surprise and some disappointment. "No, it is not," Faramir agreed with a half-smile as they moved toward the door. "A good Mettarë to you all!" he called to the archivists, and then he and Mithrandir walked into the crisp winter darkness. Outside, Faramir continued his explanation, his breath making puffs of steam in the cold air. "Last night, my brother and I were trying to remember exactly how the troops were disposed in King Eärnil's defense of South Ithilien--though of course, he was not king at the time--and how it differed from the battle of 2885. I promised I would look it up when next I passed the archive." "Do the young men of Gondor think of nothing but war?" Mithrandir growled, half to himself. Perhaps it was not to be wondered at; Minas Tirith was, after all, within sight of the Shadow. In such a place, people thought constantly of danger and praised those who defended their city. Still, the boy he remembered had been a promising student of the arts of peace. It would be a sad loss if he too had learned to prize warfare above all else. "Alas, sometimes it seems that we must," Faramir answered ruefully. "But now that you are here, I hope you will teach me about other things, as you used to do! You promised once, long ago, to tell me of the time you visited the Elven havens and saw the harbor where their ships sail for the West." The wistfulness of his tone eased Mithrandir's mind. Perhaps, he reflected, it was not only the need to find information which had brought him to the city this winter instead of searching for Gollum immediately, as he had originally planned. Perhaps some power understood that this young man was in need of his teaching and had directed him here. "I shall make sure to spare time for that," he promised. "But do you not have duties to attend to?" "Sometimes," Faramir replied. "If there are more orc-raids, I may be called to go out with the city guard or the Rangers of Ithilien, as my father pleases. He says it is important for me to learn something of the duties of all Gondor's companies. He does the same with Boromir--he is home now for year's end, but I think Father intends him to serve at Cair Andros for a time." They turned a corner and emerged at the edge of the Court of the Fountain. The paved paths had been swept clean of snow, but an unmarked layer of it covered the grass around the White Tree. The tower doors, standing wide open to welcome guests, flooded the courtyard with warm, golden light. Glittering stars studded the clear night sky. The two men's backs were to the east, shutting out the pitiless Shadow rising there. Though he had not visited Minas Tirith as often as the north, Mithrandir had walked this path many times before. The first time had been a brilliant spring day when the Tree was in blossom, already an ancient symbol of Gondor then, though still strong and healthy. Its white blossoms were each the size of a man's fist, their perfume strong enough to fill the Citadel and yet delicate enough not to cloy even when one paused beside the fountain, as he and Faramir did now. Water played around the base of the Tree despite the cold weather, for it was warmed deep underground before emerging here. Faramir gazed at the bare branches furred with a coating of snow, and a smile played about his lips. "I like the Tree best in winter," he commented in a soft voice. Surprised, Mithrandir asked, "And why is that?" "Because now it does not seem dead, for other trees are just as bare. It looks as if it might be only sleeping, gathering strength to flower again in spring." It seemed only a daydream, and yet, Mithrandir had learned in his long life never to call anything impossible. "Would you like to see that?" "Yes," Faramir answered simply and without hesitation. "More than anything. It must have been beautiful." "It was," said Mithrandir, almost to himself. Faramir glanced at him oddly, as if intending to question him, but was interrupted by a shout from the door. Boromir was striding toward them,