Author: Urban Rose Pairing : Bella/Edward and Bella/Jacob Genre: Drama, Friendship, Romance Rating : M (eventually) Beta/Pre-Readers: BABS81410 In Progress Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. What are the odds? Synopsis Set during the first half of Eclipse, prior to Graduation and the Newborn battle. Bella attends a pack bonfire with Jacob. When tensions begin to become a little frayed, and a fight looks set to break out. Quil and Embry decide to cause some mischief while trying to ease the hostile atmosphere. Always up for the chance to gamble they ask Bella, if she fancies placing a wager on who will win, if Paul and Jacob were to fight. However the pack decides to up the ante and Bella is suddenly faced with a dilemma. Does she bet on her best friend, and annoy Edward, or hurt Jake even more by betting against him. But what is really at stake and what could it end up costing Bella? Preface I was standing in the middle of a forest, surrounded by green; it was literally suffocating me. it was below me, all around me and even above me. I couldn't see anything for the trees. I blinked as my eyes grew accustomed to the greenery and the shadows. As they do I see a path in front of me, which splits into two. The path to my left is pristine, immaculately cut, and symmetrical. The trees and plants have a thin sheen covering, almost like frost. The path is quiet, almost dead, the ground is so smooth, almost like granite or a frozen lake, and it looks so perfect almost like a magazine spread. I gasp at its beauty; it is majestic and almost magical. I feel like the snow queen. I step towards the entrance with my hand reached out. Spellbound and drawn down this mystical path. From nowhere an electric blue butterfly flutters past my eyes, capturing my attention, before flying off towards the other path. I gasp, as my eyes fall upon this other path. It is undoubtedly the opposite to the magical frosted one, but just as striking. The sun beams through the trees, as a fawn and doe walk across the path literally just mere steps in front of me, the trees, undergrowth and flowers are all wild, and untamed, the ground is a well worn mud one, natural. Birds, bees and butterflies are shimmer around the flowers and the trees and the noise is blissful, I sigh. This path looks chaotic and wild, but as I look in, I feel an overwhelming sense of calm, wash over me. It is just as beautiful as the mystical path, but seems more natural, more welcoming. A soft chuckle from behind me makes me jump, I looked around and standing behind me is the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. "Bella, it is lovely to see you again." The voice is charming and soft, I stare blindly at her. Her skin is a deep copper, her eyes a warm chocolate, enclosed with a rim of cinnamon, and a splash of gold in the centre, framed with jet black lashes, her exquisite face is framed with long ebony hair, with flows gentle in the wind, her full lips are pulled into an infectious sunny smile, which I feel my own face returning, even though I am too awed to respond. I feel I know her but I can't remember how. She chuckles again, a light soft laugh that sounds like the birds around us singing. "Bella, honey, I need you to listen. Listen carefully Bella. It's time. It's time for you have to choose. It is vitally important you make this decision for you and you alone, no one else but you! You can't change your decision once it is made. There will be no second chances. This time it is final. Do you understand?" She waves her hands towards to the two paths behind me, as I glance behind me, I look back and she's gone. Only a whisper is left, of her presence; "choose carefully Bella". Chapter One As the cool summer evening begins to blend into the night, a small group of Quileute people, begun to gather at the far end of First beach. The group arrange themselves around an array of driftwood logs, fold out chairs and blankets encircling an oversized bonfire, while tables are set up to the side, laden with food. The group seem at first glance, to be that of a typical family gathering for a beach picnic; three old men, one of whom was in a wheel chair, and an older woman, are settled at the north end of the fire, a few young women who looked to be in their late teens, arrange the plates, talking quietly amongst themselves. However it is the large rowdy group of men outside the circle of logs that would capture the attention of any onlookers left on the beach. Each and every one of them looks almost identical with their tall, burly, muscular shaped copper bodies, short ebony hair and piecing coffee eyes. Not to mention the matching tattoos adorned on each of their huge right biceps. They appeared to be in their early to mid twenties, and despite the laughter, jovial ambiance and smiling faces, an intimidating air of menace surrounded them. A young couple strolled leisurely along the sandy beach their feet being caressed by the tranquil waves. The man looks almost identical to the other males in the group, although he appeared taller, more muscular, and broader than all but one of the men in attendance. He steers her gentle away from the sea's edge and begins to slowly make their way towards the group, his arm slung casually over the shoulders of the petite girl at his side, her hand wrapped around his. Turning his head to say something into the girl's ear he laughs deeply as she playfully swats him, across his broad chest. The girl's face goes from relaxed to anxious, as she looks up to see where they are. Her eyebrows, furrow in deep concentration as she was makes her way towards their chosen log, her eyes flicker up briefly, but simultaneously she stumbles over something, and begins to fall forward, she is immediately caught by the man beside her and pulled back into his side. She buries her head in her hair, as she scans the group in front of her for any witnesses. The man smiles broadly as he slips his arm around her waist, squeezing reassuringly. He whispers into her hair, with a smile bouncing on his lips. She glowers up at him, as she attempts to push him into the sand, a smile ghost her soft pink lips and a deep blush spread over her cheeks, as he throws his head back and lets out a roar of laughter after a second the girl's own peal of laughter joins his. She stands out in the group noticeable, as the only non-Quileute. Her pale white skin, which glows in the moonlight, while her long, wavy brunette hair flutters lightly in the sea breeze making her appear almost ethereal compared to the sun-kissed golden-hue tan of those around her. As the couple reach one of the logs, the young man drops his arm from the girl's slender waist, only to take her hand as she steps away from him to sit down. She shivers as the cool breeze whips between them. He stares down affectionately at her, smiling amused by the way she is wiggling on the log, trying to get comfortable, he subconsciously gently gives her hand several squeezes. He leans down, tenderly pushing a lock of hair behind her ear as he speaks softly to her she looks up at him, through her lashes with large chocolate brown eyes, smiling shyly and nods, in response. The young man smiles broadly and bounds across the circle, to where the majority of the group have now congregated. The young girl shifts on the log, and begins to dry wash her hands, she looks uncomfortable and out of place, as she peeks timidly around her. Her eyes flutter back to follow the guy before she admits a low giggle at the boy and his friends' antics, before her gaze is drawn to the flames of the fire. Her features, illuminated by the flames, relax, as she becomes mesmerized by the untamed flames, entrancing her under its spell, as they flicker and dance in front of her, in the light sea breeze. Having only just left her side, to go and fetch them both a soda, Bella watched Jacob clear the circle of logs surrounding the bonfire in just a few large strides, before his two best male friends, tackled him to the ground. Bella laughed softly at the play fight which ensued, before the hypnotizing flickers of the fire's wild flames, spellbound her. Bella's mind drifts off and her warm chocolate eyes become unfocused as she sank deeper into thought. Her eyes emulating the fire's flame; orange specks shimmered and danced, stared faraway, into the fire's abyss. The sound of the waves and the heat from the fire made Bella feel like she was back in Phoenix, sunbathing on the beach, once again, and an attack of home sickness rolled over her, breaking her thoughts, enable Bella to break the spell and magnetism of the fire. The hum of animated chatter and laughing which filled the air, reached Bella, as she came out of her trance. As she caught his eye, Jacob flashed her, one of his trademark sunny smiles, Bella felt her own face break into a smile as Jacob rolled his eyes playfully at her. Bella chuckles softly and raised an eyebrow in reply. It looked like he and Embry were currently being told Quil's latest escapade, as the younger boy talked excitedly and gestured wildly. Bella guessed whatever it was it seemed to be entertaining the two other boys. Suddenly Jake's loud, deep rumbling laugh, followed by Embry's deafening laughter, resonated through the peaceful ambience, startling Bella, making her jump in surprise. Jake's body shook, under the force of his laughter, as he doubled over holding his stomach, and wiping his other hand across his cheek. Embry was in the same position, but with one hand resting on Jake's shoulder, the other clinging to his stomach, as if he needed Jake's support not to collapse to the floor under the weight of his laughter. Quil stared intently at his two childhood friends who were now both crying with laughter in front of him, with a straight serious expression before he too couldn't keep the laughter in, any longer. Bella smiled at her best friend with pure adoration as he and his, and now her friends, laughed so happily and tranquil. This was when Jake looked like her Jacob, smiling, carefree and happy, the weight of the world gone from his shoulders. He looked free, and so serene, just like the young man she had gone to all those months ago, with a couple of unwanted motorcycles, right before everything had changed, changing him, her and their friendship forever; Jake had phased, Harry had died, she had run off to Italy and Edward along with all the other Cullens had returned home. In that moment she saw the real Jake, free of restraints, burdens, loyalties, responsibilities, and free of unrequited feelings, and her heart gave a heavy thud, he really was sort of beautiful, in fact he was more than just sort of, he truly was beautiful inside and out, as she took in the twinkle of his eyes, the sound of his laughter, which made her heart fly, the way