Author: Urban Rose Pairing : Jacob/Bella Genre: Angst, regret and romance. Rating : M ( just in case) Summary : Ever wondered what if... what path your life may have taken if something had been different? Or how one decision, one moment could have changed your life...? One moment for Bella will mean the difference between life and death or for her, life and vampirism... One moment really can change your life as Bella finds out. This story is split into two separate realities which will run in tandem; In one Bella wakes up as a new-born vampire, while in the other she remains a human, but neither is the reality she realized all too late, that she wanted, and her previous decisions come back to haunt her. Some demons you can't out run; no matter how hard you try. Beta: Patricia aka Pece87 Pre-Reader: Tonyamic10 In Progress Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: The first half of this story is based in Breaking Dawn part one (wedding scene, so no doubt it will appear really similar in places- I wrote it from memory so it may be a bad merger of the movie and the book sorry guys. Hopefully it's not too bad! I am really worried this story will disappoint you especially if you read my Halloween entry and voted but the Human story should be happier :) I've nearly finished the vampire side which I'll post first so you can see how Bella ended up on James Island that day. This chapter is the start for both Vampire Bella's story & Human Bella's story. Tormented Souls Chapter ONE:- The day it all changed Four Years ago- August 13 th He sighed, as the song came to an end. "Can I have another dance or is that asking too much?" Not wanting to let him go so soon, I tightened my hand around his, as his own tightened around my waist; neither of us, quite ready to let go of the other. "You can have as many as you want," I whispered, he chuckled in response, "Hmmm, that could be interesting but I think I better stop at two, let you get back to the… er party". "You would think I would be used to telling you goodbye by now", he murmured into my hair, I tried to swallow the lump in my throat, but it refused to move. He pulled back a little, startling me, as I tried to cling to him tighter, as he tilted my face to look up at his, "Bells, you're not meant to cry on your-" He coughed, "special day", he wiped his fingers across my cheeks, wiping away the tears, I hadn't realized I was crying. "Everyone cries at weddings", I mumbled in response, he cocked an eyebrow at me, "Erm but the br- the girl, isn't meant to be the one crying, unless they are happy tears." I swallowed thickly. "And you're happy right?" He asks, his fingers lifting my chin so he can look straight into my eyes, I try to duck my chin, to avoid his scrutiny, but he keeps it firmly in place. "Bells look at me. This is what you wanted right?" Wanted… yes, it was… so I nod, keeping my eyes closed. "Well then smile. If I know this is what you want, it will make it easier for me to-" "Don't. don't say it Jake. Please." "Smile then Bells," I tried, and he laughed at what must have looked more like a grimace. "Just give me this Bella, let me remember you like this; happy and smiling, with big brown eyes, blushing pink cheeks, and a healthy glow. Let me pretend-" "Pretend?! Pretend what? That I died?" His jaw clenched, and I felt him stiffen, "Bells please. I don't want to fight, that isn't why I came." I could see him warring with himself. I knew exactly what he was thinking and what he was struggling not to say. Anger flashed through me, at him, trying to placate me, so unlike the normal Jake, like my Jake. Without thinking I stomped hard on his foot, making him laugh huskily. "Ah there's my girl", my heart leaped at his words, racing, I knew he could hear it, if he couldn't feel already it hammering against my chest. He went to speak, but he clenched his jaw closed, again. And I felt my temper flare; again. When had things gotten so difficult between us? It used to be so easy, so natural. But ever since Edward had come back it had been so fraught with tension, unsaid sentiments, and emotions. Our once easy going innate relationship was now overwrought, like now there was a massive elephant in the room, and we were quite literally dancing around it. Neither of us wanted to talk about my fast approaching change, which Jacob, couldn't and would not ever accept or understand and yet again it was causing so much strain between us. "Just say it Jake." "What?" He asks distracted. "I know you want to say something-" He goes to deny it, I push my finger to his lips, "you look like you're chewing on a wasp's nest. Say it, and then you can relax knowing you said your piece." "I don't want to say anything." This time it is my turn to arch an eyebrow at him, he chuckles, but it isn't a genuine one, I knew because I know him better than I know myself, and I knew then that whatever he wanted to say, was going to hurt him, "I don't- it isn't-I- I want to ask - no I need to know something- I need you to tell me – I need – ugh- It doesn't matter." As I watched him fight with the need and want of knowing the answer to whatever he wanted to ask warring with the not knowing, debating which one would cause him the most pain, the knowing or not knowing, I knew then what it was he wanted to ask, as he kicked his shoes in the dirt, and fidgeted angrily with his clothes, not looking at me. "Not tonight Jake- not yet" I whispered, so softly into the night. I knew he heard me as his whole body relaxes, and he exhales a large gust of air, neither of us were aware he had been holding. My humanity was a major obsession for both Edward and Jacob, but Jake was more fixated on it, than even Edward. He seemed almost haunted by it and seemed to treasure every breath and heartbeat I had, and whenever we were together he was always studying me like he was trying to commit every small detail to memory . He tried to act cool, and unaffected, but his relief was evident to see, all of his body and face had relaxed, and he looked at peace. His eyes raised to look into mine, as he gave me a shy smile, and pulled me back into his arms, chuckling with glee and relief, wrapping his large, strong, warm arms around me, and lifted me up in the air as he danced in a circle, "Loca", I thought I heard him whisper, making me flash back to that first day I had taken the motorcycles to his house, he spun me around laughing, and seeing him so happy and carefree made me forget everything and I giggled along with him, happy to see him so happy. When he finally placed me on the ground we didn't pretend to dance, instead we simply held each other for a few moments before he whispered a "When?" into my hair, his breathe caressing my ear, making my hair stand on end, and my body shiver in result. "Not yet- I don't know. Soon. A fortnight maybe", which was longer than I had told Edward, I had said a week at most, but suddenly I wanted to reassure Jake, but deep down I realized I wasn't so sure myself, I suddenly wanted a few more days. Jake looked at me, his eyebrows raised in surprise. "I thought you couldn't wait Bells? Why the sudden delay?" He smiled at me mockingly, almost cockily. I felt my anger begin to rise, at his response. "There isn't one! But I don't want to spend my honeymoon in pain – strangely enough!" My annoyance was clear in my tone, which only made him laugh again, with what seemed like more relief and happiness. "I want to have a proper honeymoon!" I snapped. He stopped laughing, and looked at me seriously. "Bells you can't have a proper honeymoon with your leech- so why even pretend and go through with the pretense! Just admit you're just putting it off! It's fine! Hell it's the best news I've heard-" "I will have a proper honeymoon Jacob! It will be real in every way just like anyone else's!" "What?" His eyes bulged in horror, "What did you just say Bella?" He grabbed me, by the arms, tightly and looked straight into my eyes searching for something, his sudden change in his behavior startled me. "Jake- what's wro- ow Jake! You're hurting me", "Is this a sick joke Bella? You can't- not with him! He will kill you!" Realization dawned on me, I had only wanted to stop his gloating, my teenage rebellion had kicked in, like it always did when Charlie told me I couldn't do something and now he was livid. Everything was happening so quickly. Our quiet private time was suddenly careering dramatically off path. Snarls and growls erupted around us in the darkness. "Let her go now." Edward hissed angrily. Jake's face was no longer recognizable, as he lost himself to his emotions, his body shaking and his vibrations resonating through me, his hands still pinning me in place, Edward appeared on one side of me, and Seth moved to stand on the other, as he placed his hand on Jake's arm. I looked at the fifteen year old and tried to convey I was okay and to step back. But Seth was concentrating on Jake. "Bro, you're gonna lose it! You have to calm down, otherwise you'll hurt her." A growl, followed his statement, as another overlapped it, as Seth's words seemed to reach Jake. He let go of me and staggered backwards still shaking, the blood rushed through my veins, painfully I winced, and stepped towards him, but gasped when I was suddenly stood behind Edward, on the other side of the clearing instead, this only seemed to annoy Jake further. "I would never hurt her, Leech!" "You just did!" – I rushed to reassure Edward I was fine, I wasn't hurt, not physically. Inside I was a mess, seeing Jake's horror and pain, and realizing I had caused it, made me feel sick, I tried to go to him again, but Edward stopped me. I looked up as Jake roared at him. Two massive wolves suddenly appeared in between Edward and Jake, but instead of tensing ready to fight like Edward and Jake were, they looked to be trying to appease the situation, trying to use their massive heads to push Jacob backwards, away from us. Jacob's body was now a blur. "You'll kill-!" He began to yell but he choked as emotions got the better of him. "Jake, come on let's go", little Seth pleaded, wrapping his arm around Jake. Fear swelled in my stomach as I realized how close Jake was to phasing and with Seth so close, again I tried to move to Jake, knowing I could make him calm down I just needed to be able to touch him, or get him to really