Author's Note: I do not own The Lord of the Rings, or the characters mentioned therein. (I'm certainly not related in any way to JRR Tolkien.) I am simply borrowing the characters for my own writing fun and purposes. I use some elements from the film, possibly moreso than the books. It's been a while since last reading them. Also, I have somewhat tweaked the timeline just a little bit in certain parts. Please, be lenient with that. Thanks! Enjoy. ~ RK Scholar, Soldier, and Steward Faramir was a scholar, not a warrior. At least primarily. The soldier was always his brother's role in life – to protect and defend Gondor and her borders. The second son of Gondor's steward had a slightly different path. He made it his duty to love Gondor, to know her history and to lead the charge to restore her to her former glory. The only hint of that former glory and beauty was in the preserved and unflowering White Tree of the King. He protected Gondor in a very different way from his brother. It was always that way, even in childhood. He was a young child when he'd crept into his older brother's room, mainly to verify that he wasn't insane. "Boromir?" His older brother shifted in his sleep and mumbled something unintelligible. Then, he settled again. "Boromir!" he said a little louder. This time his brother pushed himself up to only his elbows with a groan. " What?" " Did you hear something?" He realized how silly it sounded – not to mention childish – as soon as he asked. Boromir didn't say anything. He seemed to be trying to listen. When there was nothing heard but the sound of their breathing, he flung himself back down flat on his bed, his head hitting his pillow with a dull thud. "Faramir, what are you—" But he heard it again in the distance somewhere. "There it was again! Don't you hear it?" Boromir seemed about to lose his patience. "Listen, I know it's been hard since mother died, but you have to stop with this whole attention—" His head suddenly jerked to an odd angle as though he was listening closely. Faramir realized what the expression meant. "Do you—" " Sshh!" his brother hissed. Then, without warning, Boromir sprang into action. He flung his bedding aside and started to get ready. It looked like he was preparing for a battle in Faramir's eyes. He knew that one day his brother would be a great soldier. Right now he looked like he'd been woken up by the alarm signal and was hurriedly and efficiently getting prepared for the call-to-arms to defend the City of Kings. It was glorious. Boromir had managed to yank on a pair of trousers, tug on his boots, tie his belt, and pick up his sword before he realized that he was forgetting something. His brother. Faramir was too much in awe as he watched Boromir that he almost didn't hear him when he said, "You want to find out what it is?" Faramir looked down at the floor in embarrassment. "I don't have a weapon." He knew he was a feeble excuse, but it was all he had. He wasn't fond of fighting anyway. He knew he would never be suited for it. Suddenly there was a dagger hilt in front of him. He looked up and saw that Boromir was holding it out to him. "But…I'm more the scholar type than the fighter." Boromir smiled at his younger brother. "Even the scholars need to be armed to defend themselves at least. Your brains are worth more than just the might of a man." " Father doesn't think that." Boromir snorted. "Don't let him tell you that being knowledgeable is waste. Besides, Faramir, scholar of Gondor," he said, teasingly. "I need your learned mind to figure out where the noise is coming from. Let me handle it from there." Faramir took the dagger from his brother. Boromir started out of his room, leading the way down the corridor. It was almost deserted in the halls this late at night. "Also," Boromir said, "I'm pretty sure that you wouldn't be able to sleep until your curiosity was satisfied." Faramir fought back a blush. "Would too." Boromir glanced back at Faramir and noticed that his stance was lazy. "Hold the dagger up," he instructed. He spent another few moments fixing his brother's stance before they continued prowling down the hall. "Always be on guard. You never know if an enemy will come up unexpectedly." It took them a while to reach the sounds of the disturbance. Faramir gave directions the whole way, knowing that Boromir was simply letting him do so. They ended up going right outside! What they saw there was a rather unexpected sight. It was their father, Denethor, Steward of Gondor. He was at the farthest point away from them, on the very edge of the courtyard. Both brothers stared as they watched their father. Denethor was flanked by two guards, both of whom were holding torches, which drew the eyesight right to them in the evening's darkness. Their father was kneeling right on the edge of the courtyard, where it was open to the air. From far off in the distance – below their level? – came a reverberating thud of something landing. Had someone jumped? If anyone had felt like it, they could leap from it to a rather sudden and likely painful death somewhere in the streets of a level of Gondor. " Boromir," Faramir said quietly. "Did our father throw someone off that ledge?" Boromir shook his head. "He can't be. That'd be ridiculous." Faramir was unconvinced. "Then, he threw something off!" However, his brother had come to the right conclusion. Denethor got to his feet again from his kneeling position and instructed one of the guards next to him to "Prepare the torch!" and then he took hold of a wooden chair. Then, at Denethor's signal of "now!" the guard touched the torch to the chair. It started to blaze. Anyone else would have either put down the chair or put out the fire. Not Denethor. He held it higher and started laughing! He stumbled towards the edge of the ledge with the flaming chair. " Isn't that mother's old chair? The one she used to sit in when one of us was sick?" Faramir asked. Boromir looked harder at the bizarre image of his father. "Yes, it is." His face furrowed in confusion. "But, why would he—" Then, Denethor hurled the chair away and over the edge! He got down on his knees again and seemed to freeze in anticipation. Then, there was the sound of impact…and Denethor's laugh turned to hysterics! Faramir noticed that there wasn't really anything else near their father for him to set aflame. However, the guard's torch was still lit. Did their father plan to burn something else? There was nothing else to burn. He began looking around the courtyard. In his distraction, he didn't notice that his father and his two accomplice guards had left the edge of the ledge and was walking back towards the entrance to the Great Hall, where Boromir and Faramir waited with weapons drawn concealed in the shadows. Boromir tried to pull on his brother's arm. "Come on, little brother. We should go back inside." Then, with horrifying clarity, Faramir realized what was directly between them and their father that was still burnable. His eyes widened in terror. " The Tree!" he gasped. He tore himself from his brother's grasp and charged forward with his dagger. He charged silently. His father and his guards stopped before the White Tree of Gondor. "Prepare the torch." The guard hesitated. "This thing hasn't had a single flower on it for decades and decades! When a forest is dead, it's time to burn it down to make room for a new one." Faramir had raised his dagger as he began to mount his attack. The guard hesitated again, and the boy took this as his chance. He found himself standing defensively between the fire and the tree. "No! You can't burn the Tree!" " Faramir!" shouted Denethor. Faramir knew the tone well. It was the same disapproving tone he'd used towards him since he'd shown more interest in ancient parchment than clean blades. "What do you think—" " You can't destroy the Tree! It's a symbol of hope to everyone in Gondor." " It's a symbol of despair and abandonment!" Faramir stood firm. "When the true King of Gondor returns it will bloom again." Denethor sneered at his younger son. "The line is broken! If there were a king left for Gondor he would have come long ago." " Burning the Tree will only tell everyone that there is no hope! That Gondor's given up hope. You can't do that!" Denethor reached over and grabbed the torch from the guard. He towered over his son. "The people of Gondor have already given up hope." " I haven't," he said, though his voice began to shake a little, the dagger in his grip trembled. "As long as there is one person left in Gondor who still has hope that our king will return to us, this Tree must stand to welcome him!" " I've had enough of this, Faramir!" Denethor snarled. He moved faster than Faramir realized. He found himself sprawled on the ground, his dagger useless on the stone. He stared up as his father approached the White Tree. Faramir closed his eyes. " Boromir?" Faramir opened his eyes and saw his brother was standing next to their father. A moment later, he noticed that the torch was not in his father's hand. Boromir held it. Faramir didn't know what to think, or what to feel. The image of his brother holding both a sword and a torch was indeed a strikingly powerful image. " Boromir, what are you—" Then, his brother did something wonderful. He threw down the torch into the pool of water which surrounded the trunk of the White Tree. The hiss of the flame's abrupt end sounded like the Tree was admonishing Gondor's Steward in the suddenly enclosing darkness. " Faramir's right, father." In the darkness Faramir heard someone heavily stomp away from the Tree. By the other accompanying footfalls, he assumed it was his father and his guards. He was about to get to his feet, when he was helped up in the darkness. "Alright, now?" " I told you I'm not a fighter," Faramir said, as he righted his balance. Boromir chuckled softly. It was a sound that made Faramir think that the night was a little warmer. "Seemed to me you did a good job just now fighting for your Tree." He threw his arm around his brother's scrawny shoulders. "I think there's a little bit of the soldier in you, yet, little brother." Faramir didn't agree. He'd always be the scholar, and Boromir would always be the soldier. Until now. Faramir drew his sword, trying to muster up the courage of battle that solely belonged to his departed brother. To Boromir. He felt like an intruder in this armor. It fit him poorly, and it felt foreign to him. It was not that he was untrained in battle, or untrained in riding. But with Boromir's death, the duties typically taken up with great pride and authority by his brother were now his to command. In that moment, as he was about to advance into a pointless battle, he realized for sure that he would never see his brother again. He had to be the soldier now. And so he led this futile charge towards Osgiliath on the orders of his father. He led his group of soldiers to their deaths, and he knew it. How he would have liked to meet the coming King of Gondor. He'd seen a flower on the Tree after he'd left his