A/N: Disclaimer: © The Hunger Games belongs to Suzanne Collins and so do all the characters in this story. Not including the characters I made for the story. Summary: Katniss knew Peeta and her were over and done with. She knew the fact that them coming back together and making something like a relationship was unattainable. She knew all of these things, but a part of her refused to believe it. Post Mockingjay. Rekindling Harmony "Love is giving somebody the ability to destroy you but trusting them not to."- Anonymous I trek down the stairs tiredly. The smell of eggs on the stove and freshly toasted bread fills my nostrils as I walk to the kitchen of my house in the Victor's Village. I see the usual like I do every morning. Greasy Sae, her granddaughter, and Peeta. They all take part in the breakfast preparations while I watch them quietly with a bored look playing on my face. Greasy Sae's is overseeing the eggs, her granddaughter is searching in the cabinet for plates, and Peeta is working on the bread. They come every morning and afternoon. To make me breakfast and dinner which I'm perfectly capable of. My whole suicide attempts are over and done with; they don't have make sure. I get tired of watching them and walk around the house. My feet carry me to the study where I had my tea and cookies with President Snow who is now deceased. I recall the horror that played on my mother's face and how she asked me how my walk went. Obviously, I was out hunting, but she couldn't say that in front of Snow. I remember the way he told me about a possible uprising and how Peeta and I should remain blissfully love or our loved ones would be killed off. The smell of crimson blood that was in his breath fills me with disgust. The terrible memory makes me lean against the wall my back facing it. Slowly, I length lower and lower to the floor and I sit with my knees up and my face buried into them. I don't cry. I just sit there and think of all the things that have happened since my meeting with Snow in this very room. The Quarter Quell, Prim's death, Gale's going to District 2, mother working in District 4, Peeta's hijacking, meeting Finnick Odair, and going to District 13. All the memories, good and bad, sad or happy, spiral out of my mind the very moment I hit the ground. I cover my eyes with my hands in a desperate attempt to get the memories out of my mind. Maybe I should call Dr. Aurelius. He obviously helped Peeta and his problems. I dismiss the thought, since all of our appointments were nap time events. Even though we both enjoyed them while they lasted. The sound of small feet clacking on the hardwood floor snaps me out of reverie. Melba, Greasy Sae's granddaughter, peaks her head into the doorway playfully. She then giggles to herself and smiles, "Hi, Katniss. Peeta, grandmother, and I made the best breakfast ever! Come on!" I smile at little Melba and think of the resemblance between her and two other girls I failed to protect. I fight the strong urge to frown deeply, "Thanks, Melba." Melba surprisingly prods her hand out for me to hold. I take it and we walk to the kitchen together. She says quietly, "Grandmother said that you're lonely, Katniss. I'll be your friend, everyone needs a friend." I am too stunned to speak, but I manage, "Melba, that's very sweet. I do feel lonely a lot, I guess that's what happens when you have a big empty house and no one to share it with." Melba lets go of my hand and hugs me, "Grandmother also said to give you one of those. A hug is a sign of friendship, right?" I hug her back, "Right, let's go get some breakfast." Lonely. The thought never occurred to me. I mean, I'm used now to the whole empty house and no one to share it with. I don't want to share this house; the memories are too much to bear. But not for me, and that is why I go alone. Another word rings in my ears; friend. I cringe because most of my friends ended up dead or left me. Gale, Madge, Finnick, Cinna, and even Prim. They all left me and the terrible legacy they left follows me. All that leaves is Peeta. Peeta. My supposed lover, who a few months ago thought I was no longer human. He thought I was a Capitol made muttation out to kill anything with a soul that breathed air. He's better now, but the thought of Peeta and I growing back together or rekindling back what we had is less likely than another Hunger Games. He barely talks to me which I guess is a sign of being done with me. Just like everyone else is. When we make it to the kitchen the table is set. A pitcher of lemonade, scrambled eggs, hot toast, and ham are on the table. I take my usual seat next to Greasy Sae who gives me a plate of everything on it. She pours me a glass of lemonade also. I look around and my eyes soon fall on Peeta who's drying his hands. He looks so different from the psycho and berserk person months ago. He gained the weight back by eating and working out or so Greasy Sae tells me. His blond locks look even brighter than usual, his skin has lost its unattractive pasty look, and last of all his eyes. They look just like they did before he was tortured. Welcoming and warm just like they used to be. I guess he feels my intent leering and he looks up at me. I meet his gaze and think of something to say, but all too soon his eyes flit away. Ouch . The whole eyes meeting then flitting away scenario is like a punch in the face. It hurts knowing that Peeta, whom I've went through so much with can't even look me right in the eye anymore. I thought we over this, but Peeta finds new ways to distance himself from me. Maybe it's part of his therapy to stay away from me, the supposed mentally crazed lunatic. It's like Peeta doesn't want anything to do with me anymore. He only comes in the mornings and the afternoons. The mornings for breakfast and the afternoons for dinner and dropping off fresh bread. I bet he even sees Haymitch more than he actually sees me. Maybe I don't need pity visits from Peeta; life the way it is now is fine. I sigh rather loudly and start to eat my hot breakfast. Breakfast is quiet as usual. No one is in the mood to talk. Only the occasional asking someone to pass the food is uttered. "You know," says Peeta awkwardly trying to make conversation, "What you've done with the eggs, Greasy Sae is great. They taste better than usual." The eggs do taste different, but maybe I'm too caught up in my own thoughts to notice. Greasy Sae smiles brightly, "Thanks, Peeta. Your toast tastes heavenly." Silence. I tiredly tap my foot wanting breakfast to be over so I can take a long nap. The words escape my mouth before I even know I'm saying them, "Yes, Greasy Sae's right. The toast tastes great, Peeta." Peeta looks down at his plate the instant he hears my voice, "Thanks, Katniss. You both, I appreciate it." I want to go over there. I resist the urge to run to Peeta and tell that I'm not mad or upset. That he can look me in the eyes when he talks to me because I'm his friend and he is mine. Friend. That word again; I've never thought of Peeta as nothing more than a good friend. But now that he's not even talking to me the label goes back down to an acquaintance. I still want to talk to him though. But instead I sit. Frozen, cold, and stiff as I always am. Breakfast ends all too quickly. Melba and Greasy Sae trudge back home after the dishes are done. Leaving Peeta and I alone for the first time in a while. I decide I'm going to be blunt about this, "Are you mad at me?" Peeta freezes automatically making me glad I got response. He muses his hair, "No, I couldn't be mad at you, Katniss." I feel frustrated, "Then how come you can't even look me in the eye, Peeta! You've been so closed off since you came back from the Capitol!" Peeta bangs his fist on the table and instantly turns to me. His eyes bore into mine with anger. I even see a bit of torment in them, "Is this what you want?" he demands scoffing a little, "For me to look at you? You don't know anything about what's going on." I flinch at his gaze, but I hold my ground, "I just want to know why you never talk to me." Peeta drops his gaze and looks at the window, "No. It's not you, it's me. Ever since I got back home from the Capitol I've been trying to find myself again. It's hard, believe you me. I'm sorry I came off cold." I look down at my shoes and answer indifferently, "You could have told me." Peeta sighs heavily and looks at his hands, "I know, I just...I just. Never mind, I have to leave," he then walks to the door and smiles sadly, "Bye." He doesn't even wait for my response because he walked out the door, but I still say, "Bye, Peeta." My feet feel like they're about to collapse from the all the running I'm doing. I turn around just to see what's chasing me for the briefest second when they hiss through their forked tongues, "Katniss, Katniss..." My feet take off even faster. I have to get away from the mutts or else the outcome will not be in my favor. I run into a flourish of trees and look around for somewhere to hide or even a friendly face. Someone or something that can help me survive. I trip over a rock and I come tumbling face first into the ground. I shake my head as I sit up. Blood trickles down my face. I touch my nose and feel nothing except a red slick liquid. My nose is broken. "Katniss, save us. We need you. Help." they murmur as they come nearer to me. I try my best to pull myself up, but I realize that my left leg is stuck in a ditch. I try to pull my leg out. I pull with all my might, but no avail. I curse angrily, and spit some blood from my mouth. The mutts come to me and circle around me. I finally get a good look at them; they're a bird and lizard hybird. Their skin is turquoise and scaly, they hiss at me showing their three pronged fork tongues. Their green snake-like eyes glare at me with pure hatred. "Katniss, why did you leave us?" they murmur with anger their eyes boring into mine, "We just need your help. Just your help." I put my hands to me head in an attempt to crush it, "Leave me alone!" I yell to the mutts, "I haven't done anything wrong." The mutts aren't even looking at me, they seem to be staring at something in the distance. Then they leave and disappear instantly. I pull harder and my foot comes out from the ditch. I sit down on the ground and then it hits my ears and my feet take off at once. Prim. She's screaming a blood curdling screech calling my name desperately, "Katniss, save me!