A/N: I don't own anything. Chapter One The broadcasts started a few weeks ago, and really it wasn't a surprise to anyone in the District. Yes, finding out that there were people outside Panem was slightly unsettling, but the fact that these people were causing rebellions was not. First, the Peacekeepers left. They had packed their personal belongings and they left the District on a train in the middle of the night. I know this because I've never heard a train stop in our District in the middle of the night. Then, another train rolled in at daybreak. And with the Peacekeepers, the Merchants left. The Seam watched in confusion as they loaded up on the train with suitcases and their belongings. We went from 8,000 to 3,000 overnight. Next, the supply train tracks had been blown to bits, cutting off District 12 from the rest of the Districts. That hadn't been too bad for the first week. Now, going on month five, the District was starting to feel the effects. District 12 wasn't known for having the strictest Peacekeepers, for being stiff with rules. Yet, the people were unsure on how to proceed. Spontaneous people or not, the Capital was known for playing games with its Districts to prove a point. This year the Hunger Games had been canceled, further entangling the confusing web. At first the Reaping was delayed. Then came the message that the railway structure was unsound and had to be repaired. Then that the Hunger Games would be canceled until further notice. There was no explanation. The people began to get nervous, hoarding their supplies. The District became quiet; everyone huddled in their homes, starving in silence. Except me. See, I've starved my whole life in silence. And now, there is no one here to keep me from feeding my family. I've taken my father's bow from the woods and I've hunted big game. With the help of Gale, we've managed to keep the Seam fed. We can take down bigger game like deer without any worries of Peacekeepers. Gale and I clean and butcher the animals with the help of the local butcher. Then we portion the animals and pass them along with Seam families. We've brought anyone from the Seam willing to listen to two teens into the woods with us to forge and fish in designated areas. And for a while, we were fine. Many wondered why we even needed the Capital at all, self-sufficient as we had become. Oh, but I knew better. Spring and summer are always easy to live off the woods. But with so many people to feed, Gale and I can't bring in enough game to save for winter. And now we're in the fall. We've used up the stores of tesserae that was in the Justice building. That was one of Gale's plans, to separate the stores of tesserae among the families left. Still, not everyone got a tesserae package to take home to their family. They were the first in line for my game, the only way I knew how to make it up to them. Some merchants stayed, and they had no idea why the others had left. Now they wander down to the Seam to get in line for our supplies from the woods. I don't mind so much, but it infuriates Gale. But there aren't many of us left in District 12. So many have died already that I feel partially responsible. I know I can't feed the entire District. There are still over a thousand of us. Many died from starvation, some from eating inedible things, and others from eating poisonous things they forged from the woods. Anyone who enters the woods has to leave word with a designated Keeper, so we know they are gone. Then, anything they bring in has to be brought to a Sorter to be checked and found edible. Some people thought that Gale and I couldn't tell them what they had to do. They resented us trying to help them and the rest of the residents. They did what they wanted. I was ok with that, and I never did anything to stop them. We all have choices. However, many were lost in the woods without others know when they left or when they said they were coming back. They never checked in with a Keeper. Gale and I hate this the most. We wonder the woods and try to find the person who resented our methods in the first place. Sometimes we find them, sometimes we find pieces of them, and sometimes there are no signs. Choices. Then there are those who didn't want to share their find. They would hide berries in their pockets for their family. And that's fine. I make sure my family is fed everyday with whatever I bring in before I separate for the District survivors. I get want to feed your family. But that wiped out so many because they didn't know what was edible and what wasn't. Prim felt terrible about the poisoned patients she treated. When she wasn't helping mom treat the sick, she gave lessons with plants explaining what was edible and what not to eat. I've brought her as much as I can find, but every once in a while we still get a poisoned person. I'll find what they ate and make sure I keep bringing it to Prim to show what NOT to eat. Then there were the people who thought they were going to be looters, thugs, and bullies since the Peacekeepers were gone. And I guess they could have, with the Merchants maybe. But we Seam are tough. We've survived starving for years. So a couple of miners got together and took them out the worst criminals. One Seam man raped a mother of three. The Miners snapped his neck and left his body in the road with a note saying, "This is what happens to rapists." So far, we've not any more serious crime. Thieves are not allowed to get in the food line for two weeks. And as Gale even though I hunt all day, the line doesn't get fed every day. We're still hungry, but it feels good fighting back. And then the announcements started coming through on the broadcast. At first, when mom turned on the news, I was angry. I didn't want to hear about the Capital. But, mom in her wisdom, has left it playing 24 hours a day. The volume is low, and the shows are mainly annoying nonsense about fashion. Then we started to see the shows get cut out, and a face appear. Then it would go back to the Capital's nonsense. It was so fast that we didn't know what we were seeing at first. But then the sound came in with the face. "Rebel. Fight." It said before getting cut off. Then the President started to get on the broadcast urging citizens to follow a curfew as there were protestors. The rebellious broadcaster started coming in more, saying more. "We're coming," he said. And that is what made me dig the hole. I pulled up the floor boards in our shack and just started digging. Mom and Prim watched me from the bed, digging and sweating in the middle of the night. I couldn't sleep. His words kept replaying in my head. We're coming. We're coming. We're coming. So, I dug. And I dug. And I dug. Finally I had a nice sized hole beneath our floor boards. I swept up the mess and carefully laid the boards over the hole. The next day I hunted with blistered hands, but I felt like I was at least doing something. Then come, I thought. The Capital dropped bombs on District 11's homes the next day. They wiped out half the population. The broadcast was twisted, all about how District 11 was a danger, how they were coming for the Capital and had to be killed. Gale goes on and on in circles talking about the Capital, the rebels, and our survivors. He has grand plans on how to move our District out, how to get us to 11 to fight. And I guess that's his way of surviving. He needs to plan. I just need to eat. And the game is small now. I can't bring enough in. I can't forge enough foods. None of us can. Because we're at the edge of winter with no supplies, with no foods in our cabinet, no promises of grain, and no meat saved. We're all going to starve. Then come, I think. Because maybe, just maybe, they will feed us. Then there are the other concerns. I've shot a few men with my bow who thought to come and take it from me. Mainly in a foot or their hand. Mom refused to treat them, and they had to heal on their own. I've protected my family the best I could. I stand no chance against real weapons. I can't fight a Peacekeeper face to face, short distance, with a bow. I barely was able to shoot our intruders. We huddle in the room up the stairs, me on the floor in the corner. Mom and Prim cuddle in the bed next to me. I sleep with my bow in my hands. In the spring and summer it wasn't so bad sleeping here. It's more of a platform on the roof's support beams. There is barely enough room for the small mattress and my blankets, but it's the safest place for three women in a house alone. After that night, the first intruder, Gale offered one of his brothers to live with us. But I can't. I don't want another man living with us. I don't need a man in my home telling me how to keep it. And I know Gale's family isn't like that. I know his brothers would be respectful. But I still can't. So I dug the hole. A part of me knows the hints Gale has been dropping. A part of me understand what he's been asking me. I know he wants to join our households into one big family. Another part of me doesn't want to understand. I don't want to hear him. It started a couple weeks ago. Causally Gale said, "Wouldn't it be great if we all lived together? Your family and mine?" I had laughed and made a joke about Prim doing men's laundry. But Gale didn't laugh. "My mom will do the laundry then." He had said with a straight face. I brushed it off and tried not to think about it. Then a few days later he said, "Catnip, what do you think about your family sleeping at our house, or getting a bigger house together? We can protect each other." And it's a fine idea, but it didn't feel right to me. I realized I was missing some bigger part of the picture. And that's Gale. He's always seeing a bigger picture than me. He's always five steps ahead thinking about eight months from now. Sure, he'll do what I want on most things. But he's way ahead of me on so many other things. He started fixing up my dad's cabin. It's stocked with nuts and game. Enough for his family for three months. They will be able to live off game, broth, and nuts for three months if he can't take down a single kill in that time. Just like I did with the residents who wanted to do their own thing, I didn't interrupt. He asked if it was ok, and I said yes. Then the questions came. "Catnip, have you ever thought about getting married?" "Have you ever thought about having kids?" "What do you think about starting a family?" "How long are you going to keep trying to save the District?" I managed to stay vague enough. I thought he would understand that I had