THAT RUGGED RANGER CAUSES TROUBLE AGAIN! By Luton Airport and Bricket Wood Services Disclaimer: All place and character names belong to Tolkien; their sadly twisted personalities now belong to us. It should also be noted that characterisation of major, well characters has probably been influenced somewhat by the fantastic work of the Bagenders authors. Go read their work now! Feedback: Constructive criticism and praise welcome. Summary: The tale continues yet again, only this time our favourite motley crew are on their way to save Gondor. Will they succeed? Will they fail? Is Eowyn really a man? Is Grima really a small furry rodent of disputable evolutionary origin? All these questions plus morewill never be answered in this fantastic piece of literary genius. Therefore, read on! Be warned, strange humour with mild language and some strong slashy overtones lies within. Our story begins with a most miraculous and completely unbelievable event. It's supposed to tell the tale of how Aragorn, son of Arathorn, future King of Gondor, met and wooed the love of his life. But, alas! Instead, it is a tragic tale of magic gone wrong and the ensuing jealousy, a tale of battles and victories and loss, a tale of pipeweed and mushrooms and squirrels. And it begins with one man storming Isengard, that most infamous stronghold of the traitor Saruman the White. So suspend your sense of belief here dear readers and follow us, as the tale begins… Legolas, the rather good-looking, acid-tongued son of Thranduil, King of Mirkwood, watched somewhat dumbfounded as Aragorn, Chieftain of the Dunedain, fled from his side to wade up to the entrance of Orthanc. It took a few minutes but he got there in the end and Legolas watched, riveted, as Aragorn, wet and dishevelled somehow managed to persuade the Ent on guard to let him into the tower. In fact, quite how he achieved this is actually a very interesting tale that we won't bother you with now, but suffice to say it involved a lot of ants, entdraught and those blue flowers nobody knows the name of anymore. But we digress… Legolas, standing on the far side of the temporary lake, used his superior elven hearing to listen, in something akin to horror to the bangs and clangs and unearthly screams that marked Aragorn's passage as he fought his way up the tower. There followed one last BOING and for a few moments silence reigned supreme. Legolas stood, transfixed, waiting for whatever would happen next. His patience was soon rewarded as Aragorn finally emerged from the tower, dragging somebody by the ankle along behind him. "Master! Master! Save me! Help me Master!" the somebody wailed. Whoever it was, they had a very annoying voice, Legolas distantly noted. Suddenly Saruman emerged onto the balcony and Legolas watched, fascinated, as the wizard had a nose at what was going on below. The aged Maiar took in the scene and laughed a bit. "And welcome to the witless worm you are too! Good luck!" So Legolas then stood by, helpless in his shock, as Aragorn prized the person's fingers from the doorframe, threw the struggling figure over his shoulder and proceeded to wade back across the water. As he reached Legolas the man shifted the somebody into a more comfortable position before trotting back to the rest of their party. Legolas then found himself following the ranger out of a rather twisted need to see what could possibly happen next. He arrived at the makeshift campsite just in time to see Aragorn tie the somebody over his saddle, stolen-maiden style. At that point the others in the group took one look at Aragorn, and one look at Legolas, and decided that they really didn't want to know. "What's going on? Legolas? Are you alright?" The Elf turned to look at Eomer. He kept looking at the man for a very long time until eventually he pointed to Aragorn. At that moment the somewhat ragged ranger moved and revealed none other than Grima Wormtongue. Eomer gasped. The journey from Isengard to Edoras remained a bit of a blur for Legolas years after the War of the Ring had ended. All he knew for certain was that Eomer and himself had spent much of the ride in a sort-of catatonic state of shock, whilst making random bits of conversation with each other that consisted of little more than the odd grunt now and then whenever they noticed Aragorn manhandling his new love bunny. This was often. Eventually though they arrived at Edoras and Aragorn had to leave Grima alone for a little while whilst he wandered off to confer with Gandalf and Theoden. To ensure the safety of his most beloved wombat, he tied Grima to his horse before he left. Everyone eyed the ex-councillor suspiciously, having yet to forgive the man his Grand Betrayal of Rohan. They began to edge closer, and Grima began to back away as best he could. It wasn't enough. Legolas and Eomer, having seen the man left alone, snapped. They jumped upon the poor fellow and proceeded to slap him silly. Aragorn returned a while later to find his little squirrel in a right old state. The poor man was covered in red palm prints and his hair was in a frightful mess. He sighed and picked his precious chickadee up off the ground, kissing better all his bruises. He gave the other man a quick hug before noticing Eomer and Legolas standing very near-by, looking innocently at the sky and commenting on the weather. He patted his precious poodle on the bum and walked up to the pair. "Did you see what happened to my Grima?" "No, we haven't seen anything out of the ordinary at all, have we Legolas?" "No. Why? What's wrong Aragorn?" "Someone's beaten up my dinky puppy-dog!" he said, looking around at Grima, a bit concerned. If Legolas didn't know who his love bunny's assailant was, how on earth was he ever going to figure it out? He was nowhere near as smart as the elf was, and he wasn't any good at guessing games either! In his brooding, Aragorn completely missed Legolas rolling his eyes skyward, whilst giving Eomer an amused look. But as Aragorn turned to him the Prince gave the man a sympathetic look. "Oh no! That's terrible! Who would do such a thing?" "Yes, we should be sticking together in these troubled times." Aragorn nodded agreement, relieved at his friends concern over the assault of his diddy lamby-poo. 'Well, if you're sure you didn't see anything…" "Sorry Aragorn, but we'll let you know if we get any news." "Oh, most definitely." "Thanks very much." As Aragorn rushed off back to Grima he completely missed Eomer and Legolas collapsing into silent mirth behind him. Eowyn had watched these proceedings through narrowed eyes. Here, for our most esteemed readers are the thought patterns of Eowyn as she watched the above events unfold. "I give up! The only two men in the world I've ever loved and they now fancy the socks off each other! Typical! Absolutely typical! That is it! I've had enough, I'd be better off dead with the way things are going now. Sod all this namby-pamby find-a-husband-and-settle-down nonsense, I'm going to war! I'm as good as any man when it comes to fighting, I'll show them! And if I have to die then I might as well do it in style and die a heroic shield-maidens death. Men! I'll take a few of them with me too, that I'm sure of. And who knows? This might give me the opportunity to show-up that stupid brother of mine once and for all! Stupid man, out-butched by his own sister! Hey, that sounds pretty good actually, where's my war horse?" It was eventually decided that the Company should ride south to Gondor in an effort to better fight off the massed legions of the Dark Lord. After a few very long, very boring days everyone was camped out for what was to be a very eventful night. Which was just as well really. Everybody was getting a bit bored of riding now and snippy arguments were to be heard frequently. In fact, they weren't just bored with the riding; now that the adrenalin of war was wearing off they were all realising just how boring other manly men actually were, and they were all beginning to give serious doubt as to why they had come on this stupid expedition at all! So an eventful night was bound to do the world of good for our favourite group of manly men who, to be frank, would have found a dying sparrow exciting at this point. Yes, busy was good! It began with Gandalf riding off to Minas Tirith, with Pippin to keep him company. Aragorn had always had his doubts about that young hobbit and he guessed tonight's swift departure proved him right in his suspicions. The hobbit had finally managed to seduce Gandalf and now they were eloping together to the city. Aragorn was very pleased with his deduction and a sense of inherited elven smugness was just setting in when he was roused from his musings by the sound of approaching horses. Cue the entrance of two exceptionally gorgeous elves, pretty enough to give Legolas a run for his money (as he saw who was approaching the Prince pouted in consternation. Damn! He was no longer the prettiest). Oh yes, and they had brought Halbarad and a bunch of Aragorn's ranger friends with them. Aragorn was overwhelmed to see the visitors. His brothers had come! That must mean Elrond had sent him some vital piece of information that would spare him the bother of having to work out what to do next all by himself. Elbereth bless the old man! He went to greet the Twins and they were soon joined by Legolas, who had gotten over his mini-sulk quickly enough when he had realised that here were the two people most likely to be sympathetic to his plight regarding Aragorn. The man began the introductions and as soon as he got round to Eomer he saw that the Twins interest had suddenly become hooked. He smiled to himself. Poor Eomer, he was in for a right old time. A little while later and Eomer watched with a small measure of trepidation as the Twins approached him. "As we're about to set off into dangers unknown that will no doubt claim the lives of us all…" "Do you fancy some hot elven lovin'?" "No!" He couldn't quite believe this 'conversation', and he decided it was time he take Legolas' warning to heart. He started to look for ways out of the situation. "You sure? There's two of us, it could be fun", they wheedled, persuasively. "No! Now just…" Eomer suddenly found himself distracted by a really interesting dying sparrow. "Later, later" he replied to the Twins distractedly. A meeting was called with all the major characters attending to take counsel on what they would do next. Elrohir delivered Elrond's advice and because he couldn't be bothered to think of an alternate plan of action himself, Aragorn agreed to go with Elrond's command that they take the Paths of the Dead. It was also decided to keep this plan hush-hush from the men because they didn't want them all running away like little girls before morning. And thus it was that everyone settled down for the night, and after the excitement of the sparrow's brilliant performance earlier on had died out, most of the men got a pretty decent night's sleep. This was just as well really when come morning Aragorn announced his intention to take the Paths of the Dead to Gondor. "Right men! And elves, thank you Legolas, yes and hobbits too Merry, put the sword down, put the sword down! Someone disarm that hobbit! Thank you young man." Aragorn breathed a sigh of relief at having survived such