THE END OF ALL THINGS Disclaimer: All place and character names belong to Tolkien; their sadly twisted personalities now belong to us. It should also be noted that characterisation of major, well characters has probably been influenced somewhat by the fantastic work of the Bagenders authors. Go read their work now! Feedback: Constructive criticism and praise welcome. Please send to: The battle is won but the war is not yet over. So why not follow our motley crew as they try to reach the end of their bloody-awful-my-God-it-goes-on-forever quest. Be warned! This story contains strange humour and is full of rather obvious slashy moments Eomer lay on the Pelannor, staring up at the sky in a far-away way, thinking how pretty all the black clouds looked. As they swirled above the battlefield he watched them, transfixed, and begun to mutter to himself. "Horse. The horse, out-butching me, the bitch!" He gave a rather pathetic little sob and resumed his self-appointed cloud-watching duty, quite happy to spend forever laying there in mud and guts while he wallowed in his misery. But alas! Such a thing was not to be for long. For at that moment Eomer noticed a strange noise approaching and he turned his head towards it in a suitably self-pitying manner. "784…785…786…" Eomer groaned; it was that damned elf prancing merrily towards him. Damn it! All a man wanted was to lie despondently, contemplating the unfairness of the universe in relation to himself but noooo! Couldn't even do that anymore without a friend trying to rouse you out of your depression. What was the world coming to? He looked up at the figure that now stood above him and put on his best puppy-dog look. It didn't work, Legolas just looked down at him impassively, and Eomer began to shift a bit in mounting embarrassment. "What in all of Arda are you doing on the floor?" "Eowyn, that horse, she…" "Oh, don't be so pathetic man. Stop cowering and get up. Honestly, you humans! I told you it would all end in tears but you didn't listen did you?" He appeared to look at Eomer expectantly, who couldn't think of anything sensible to say now that real embarrassment had properly set in. So he simply lay there looking back at his elven friend, who eventually sighed and helped him up before prancing off to kill more things. Eomer risked a quick look around to see if anyone else had been witness to his shameful episode. Now that Legolas had embarrassed some common sense back into him he was very aware of what his little sulking spell could have done to his manly man reputation. Thus it was that he sighed in relief when he saw nobody alive within a 100 meter radius, before bending down to pick up his sword. "Alright mate?" Eomer spun around, sword in hand, and found himself facing the Twins. He groaned and lowered his weapon, glaring suspiciously at them as he did so. "Where did you come from? I didn't see you around a minute ago." "Heard you were a bit depressed and thought we'd cheer you up now all the orcs have run away." "I'm fine, honestly. It was just that horse of a sister of mine" Eomer said, whilst thinking very dark thoughts about what he was going to do to Legolas next time he saw him. "Oh, well alright then." All three then stood there for a moment, trapped within an uncomfortable silence. "I know a joke about a horse. Wanna hear it?" Elladan leveled a glare at his brother. "You know he doesn't." "Well…" Elrohir began, completely ignoring Elladan. "Don't you dare!" "A horse walked into a bar and the bartender said 'why the long face?'" Another uncomfortable silence descended, and against all laws of probability tumbleweed rolled gently past, blown by an invisible wind. Both elf and man made a concerted effort not to look at Elrohir. "What?" he demanded, noticing this. "Your joke, it wasn't very funny is all", mumbled Eomer. "Of course it was!" "No brother, it wasn't. You've been telling that joke for 3000 years and not once has it gotten a laugh! Ever!" Elrohir looked crestfallen at his brother's vehement tone, and Eomer really wished he could be elsewhere. "Well don't shoot the messenger" he heard Elrohir mumble. Elladan seemed to snap and Eomer began to back away slowly. "Don't you dare say that to me!" the elf screamed. "You always say that and it isn't funny either! And look! You've embarrassed Eomer now! So you know what? I think I will shoot the bloody messenger! Don't you run away from me! Get back here!" Elladan let loose his bow and there was a yelp from behind a pile of dead bodies. "Sorry about this, hope you feel better soon." And with that the elf ran off after his errant brother. The horse-lord watched him go and decided that it really had been a long day. He wandered off towards the city. "Aha! 815!" Legolas looked at Gimli, feeling smug. "816." There was a pause as Legolas digested this bit of information. His expression turned nasty and he hissed "You be careful dwarf. You may have won this time but I could easily make the tally equal." And with that he stormed off, leaving behind a rather shaken dwarf who was rapidly trying to devise ways to defend himself against a very pissed off elf. He never noticed Legolas tiptoeing up behind him. "I'm talking about you." Legolas snickered as Gimli fell over in surprise. And so, gentle readers, we skip forward now to the evening. The battle has been won, the enemy set to flee, and many a survivor of this horrific fight were to be found in many of the pubs of the noble city of Minas Tirith. Let us journey into one of the better establishments where we may find our noble heroes in the middle of a right old proper knees-up. Look into the corner and there you will see Gimli, surrounded by a group of young lads listening wide-eyed to his tales of slaughter and war. In the center of the floor you find Eomer, King of Rohan, giggling insanely at a joke of Elrohir's. Next to him, if you watch close enough, you may spy Elladan trying to cop a feel of the horse-lord. There he goes! Overcome with drink he has passed out into Eomers lap. Look too towards the end of the bar where you may catch Gandalf, wisest of all wizards, singing a dirty little ditty about hedgehogs. And lo! What is this? At a small table in the corner of the room there sits Prince and King, discussing all manner of worldly things. "Do you know, I keep feeling that I've forgotten something really really really really…" Aragorn paused and thought very hard, " really important." He went to take another drink and discovered to his dismay that his glass was empty. He shook it upside down rather sadly. Legolas was watching him and found the whole scene rather pathetic. "Well, that would be the Ring, the embodiment of ultimate evil that even now Frodo is on his way to destroy." "Frodo?" "The Halfling, the one you swore to protect until the very end." "Oh yeah, short-arse. You know what; I keep feeling that I've forgotten something really really really really…" Aragorn paused to sway a bit, "really important." "The Ring!" Legolas snapped. They'd had this conversation five times already and he was getting bored. Stupid mortals got drunk so easily. You'd never catch him behaving like this, oh no! "Crap!" He watched Aragorn struggle to his feet and sway his way over to the bar, where the man proceeded to tap Gandalf on the shoulder and whisper something in the wizard's ear. Gandalf appeared to sigh before announcing to the room "Okay people, it seems we've forgotten about this bloody Ring. Any ideas on what to do about it would be greatly appreciated." The was a slight dip in the hubbub of the pub as everyone tried to think of a way of saving the world that wouldn't involve them having to get up and do anything about it. A random soldier spoke up hesitantly. "We could pay, right, for a giant eagle to fly into Mordor and carry Frodo to Mt. Doom." This fantastic idea was met with stony silence from his fellows. "That's a stupid idea," said random soldier no.2. "Where would we get all that money from?" Legolas shook his head. It never failed to amaze him the levels of stupidity some men could sink to with such apparent ease. "I know, I know!" Everyone turned to look at Eomer. "We could make another Ring to rule the One Ring!" This suggestion met with a few cheers and Aragorn brought Eomer another drink for being so clever. "And you just happen to have a spare volcano lying around do you?" Legolas asked, somewhat scathingly. "Well no, but…" "Anybody else got any bright ideas or is that the best you can come up with?" the elf asked the crowd. "Let's go to Gondor!" shouted Aragorn suddenly. "We're in Gondor" said Legolas, levelly. "Let's raise an army!" "We are an army." "Well then, let's go to Mordor!" "And do what? Confront the Dark Lord before the Black Gates and distract him from the Halflings crawling across his land I suppose?" This suggestion was met with loud cheers and Legolas cursed. Damn! He had done it now. "Mordor! Let's go to Mordor! Come my trusted army, we shall go and beat this Dark Lord on his own ground! Let's go! Rouse the others! We march to war!" Aragorn thus continued to scream encouragement at his men for a little while longer until the alcohol in his system snuck up on him and all became a blank. As men stumbled from the pub on their way to meet up with various destinies, Legolas walked over to Aragorn and kicked him a bit. He sighed. Of all the times Aragorn could have started listening to him, it had to be now. Typical! "Och, you've done it now." "Shut up Gimli." Everyone woke up inexplicably on top of a slag heap. They each took several moments to try to recall what they were doing there, failed, and finally noticed everyone else who was inexplicably on top of the slag heap too. Aragorn was one of the last to awaken, and when he had recovered from the usual momentary dizziness he took stock of his surroundings. It appeared he was on a hill outside Barad-dur. What had he been drinking last night? And what in the name of Elbereth were they doing here ? "What are we doing here?" "Well, some stupid person Aragorn, decided to go to Mordor Aragorn, to confront the Dark Lord ARAGORN! What a good idea that was." Aragorn turned around slowly and saw Legolas standing behind him, arms crossed, toes tapping, looking very chagrined. The elf began to say something else, in a very scathing manner no doubt, but was blessedly drowned out by a shout from across the way. "What are we doing here Aragorn?" "Apparently we got drunk and decided to come to Mordor." "Stupid man! Call yourself a King of men? Look what you've gotten us into now!" "Excuse me! You're the all-powerful wizard here. If anyone should take the blame it's you." "How did you work that out mortal weakling?" "Well, as the most powerful and all-knowing person here, you should know better than to let me go marching off into Mordor!" "Are you implying MAN, that I can't do my job properly?" Gandalf asked, tone soft and dangerous. "Yes! Yes I am you doddering old fool!" "Why you little…" Gandalf raised his staff and began to chant something. Aragorn, suddenly realizing he had gone just a bit too far tried to hide behind Legolas, who kept moving out