A LOVE STORY GONE WRONG By Luton Airport and Bricket Wood Services Disclaimer: All place and character names belong to Tolkien; their sadly twisted personalities now belong to us. The sound of ringing bells is nabbed from Terry Pratchett (see if you can guess which book), and thecharacterisation of major, well characters has probably been influenced somewhat by the fantastic work of the Bagenders author's. Go read their work now! Feedback: Constructive criticism and praise welcome. Summary: The tale continues, only this time it has an added man and elf for your enjoyment. A short hairy dwarf also makes an appearance. Be warned, strange humour with mild language and some strong slashy overtones lies within. Eowyn had recalled something. She didn't like being a butch shield maiden on a military march. It was very cold and wet; she was very hungry and was beginning to get thoroughly pissed off about all of her ruined dresses. In short, she was feeling exceedingly miserable but she was damned if she was going to let anyone know about it. She did have a reputation as hard-arsed bitch to maintain after all. So she decided to distract herself from her many woes for a while by eyeing up the local talent. He gaze fell on Rider no.32 but before long he had been dismissed as being too girly. Next she undertook a study of Rider no.51 but he was immediately discarded as too butch. It was then she spotted a man riding just in front of her. Hmm…from the back he certainly looked interesting, definitely one with potential. The mystery man turned around. "Eomer! Urgh!" Eowyn tried very, very hard to forget what she had just been thinking about. As she desperately cast around for something else to focus upon, she saw him. "Ooh, a rugged ranger! Now that's more like it." Legolas pranced along in an elf-like way, laughing at that woman in the muddy dress whilst comparing his perfect attire to hers. He took in the torn hem, and the mud splattered up around her knees, as well as the bodice of the piece which was, he noticed disdainfully, so last season. He moved his scrutiny upwards, taking in the tangled, dirty hair and finally noticed that the woman was staring back at him. What impudence! He tried to think of something scathing to say when he saw the lady shift her gaze to look at Aragorn. It took him all of a mille-second to decipher the look in her eyes. That cow! Aragorn was his! Just to make sure she knew that too, he grabbed his man and gave him a possessive hug, glaring back at her. It had been a few days since Eomer, son of Eomund had had his little teacake brutally taken away from him, and since then he had spent every waking moment dreaming of many different ways in which he could get revenge on his sister for condemning him to such misery, but all of them were either too impractical or simply not nasty enough. And so it was that after many nights of scheming the perfect solution presented itself as the people of Rohan were fleeing to the shelter of Helm's Deep. Eomer had turned to throw a dirty look at Eowyn and had noticed her staring at that rugged ranger, Aradorm or something, with barely concealed lust evident in her eyes. He followed her gaze and also noticed that the admittedly pretty elf was staring back at the shield maiden, whilst moving closer to said rugged ranger, who seemed oblivious to both of them. "Mwahahahahaha!" thought Eomer as the Plan formed in his mind. This was going to be a very sweet revenge indeed. Aragorn remained oblivious to all of them, being somewhat distracted from reality whilst thinking of names for his horse. At the moment he was having trouble deciding between 'Bubbles' and 'Super-steed of Death'. And so it was that another hour or two passed by on the long boring march to Helm's Deep. Both elf and lady had spent the time periodically glowering at each other and Eomer had had a great deal of fun laughing at them both. But now the joke had worn a bit thin and our noble Horse-Lord was getting bored, so he decided to go and amuse himself by tormenting his sister a bit. He rode up to where she was walking and casually continued to ride by her side for another mile or two. All seemed perfectly amicable, but if one were to truly analyse the picture then they would have noticed that for some time now Eomer's horse had been slowly but steadily moving closer towards Eowyn. Eventually it caused her to shift further away from the beast, but Eomer kept following her, pushing her further and further out of line. With a final bump he finally pushed her right down the hill. Eowyn yelled as she tumbled, and hearing her distressed cry everyone ran to help their most beloved Lady. Eomer smirked as his sister got to her feet, noticed the large crowd running towards her, and ran, screaming, away from them. Well, that had gone very well, if he did say so himself. Feeling smug, he spotted the elf collapse in hysterical laughter, with the Ranger bending over him in a concerned way. Just then there was another scream as the mob began to run back up the hill, Eowyn in the lead shrieking "Wargs! Wargs! Wargs!" Aragorn looked up at the fair damsel's cry of distress. Aha! The time had come for some manly-man type action. He called for his horse. "Bubbles!" "What?" Legolas looked at him, perplexed. "I mean, Super-steed of Death, after them! Lets go and kill and maim and…and well stuff!" Eowyn ran up to her uncle, who ordered her to lead the women to Helm's Deep. This did not go down well with our shield-maiden, who objected to being forced to lead a bunch of wimpy women to some unglamorous fortress. But argue as she did her uncle was in one of his obstinate moods, and there was no reasoning with him when got like that. So cursing and mumbling Eowyn stormed off in a temper, as all the women hurried to follow her. Eomer saw this and laughed, which almost proved a fatal distraction as a warg rider pounced on him from behind. It was only an arrow niftily aimed by the elf that saved him from certain dismemberment. And our hysterical friend, Rider no.28 was spending the skirmish running around in circles, giving a running commentary on proceedings as he did so. "Wargs are riding in from the East, and that's quite a number they've managed to muster in the far corner of the field. And they're charging now, the fat one in the lead but no! No! He's been overtaken by the ugly one who's putting in a good run, but the scrawny one's rapidly catching him up on the inside lane and oh! I've never seen anything quite like it! The small one has made a brave dash from the back of the pack and he's going, he's going and yes! He's won the charge! And the fat one doesn't look too happy about that but it's too late now and here comes the King and yes! The evil fat warg has lost his head to our Most Esteemed Highness. And here comes Rider no.76 and he's taken down the small one and ooh! That looks nasty! And I do believe he's dead. Dead! He's dead! We're all going to die! Aaargh! A growing circle of calm began to grow around Rider no.28 and even the wargs began to back away from him slowly, their orc masters smiling and nodding as they did so. Yet elsewhere in the melee and Aragorn is still distracted by thoughts of his horse. Never one to let an idea go easily, his last words before he tumbled off the cliff were thought to be "Bubbles, I like Bubbles…aargh!" And his first thoughts upon hitting the water were "No! Water! It's cleaning me! Urgh! My skin's gone all pink!" before he fainted in terror. He awoke some time later to find himself being kissed by a horse. "Arwen! Get off me! Where's Bubbles?" "Nice to see you too, I'm sure" replied Arwen "Yes, well, thanks for waking me up and saving my life but, um, people are waiting for me, um, yes, bye!" He got onto his horse that had cleverly followed him during his little sojourn down the river, and galloped away. Leaving an indignant Arwen behind, it was only when he ran into a ten thousand strong uruk-hai army a few hours later that he realised he had been riding the wrong way. He changed direction and finally made it to Helm's Deep two days later, having only had to ask for directions twice. He was feeling very proud with himself at such an accomplishment, and set out to find the King to deliver the bad news about the approaching army. Aragorn had fallen off the cliff. Legolas couldn't quite believe that anyone could ever do anything quite so monumentally stupid as that, but somehow the man had managed it. And he was supposed to be a King of Men. Pfh! Why did he always pick the stupid ones? As he peered over the edge he scanned the fast flowing rapids for any sign of the ranger, but alas, there were none to be seen. "At least he'll be clean now" he muttered to himself, as he grimaced at the very thought of the dirt that usually clung to the man. Eomer spied the elf standing at the cliff edge, staring into the water, looking grief-stricken. He supposed he really should go and say something to him. After all, the elf had just saved his life from that sneaky warg. And he too knew the pain of losing a treasured loved one, damn his stupid sister! He approached the elf and gave him a manly slap on the back. "Sorry about your loss old chap. Drinks around the campfire at nine?" The elf turned to look at Eomer. He looked at him for a long time before he sighed and said "Go on then. Aragorn won't be back before tomorrow anyway." He wandered off to find his horse, leaving a slightly confused man behind him. Hadn't Aragorn just fallen off the cliff? Why wasn't the elf concerned? There was something sneaky afoot here, he was sure of it. Sighing, Eomer shook his head and decided that he wasn't clever enough to bother working out the ways of elves; especially after all the tales he had heard about them . He strolled off to find his own horse, and to shout at some of his men to make himself feel superior again. In many ways Eomer could be a very simple chap. After another few hours hard ride the men caught up with the women, who had diligently set up camp for their men folk. They were currently cooking them a three course gourmet dinner, made entirely from flour, biscuits, weevils and one dead cat they had found on route, which the men scorned as being improper fare for campfire cooking before they went to roast some warg. The women merely shrugged at the fussy ways of the men and tucked into their dinner, discussing hair care with Legolas who, not being a fan of warg had joined them. He was just beginning on his third course, a delightful chocolate soufflé, when Eomer strode up and stared at him in horror. "What on Middle-earth do you think you are doing? These are women! Women! And you're associating with them! Of your own free will! You're embarrassing yourself elf, what would Aragorn think?" He dragged Legolas up and away from the group before the elf could reply, throwing dirty looks at the women behind him, who merely turned