Written for Prompts in Panem round 3, day 3. The prompt, Europe. Inspired by the Audrey Hepburn movie of the same title. No need to have watched the movie to follow the story :D ROMAN HOLIDAY Peeta Mellark looked at his pitiful lunch in front of him and sighed. The office lunchroom, which their boss who loved too much whiskey made to look like a snazzy bar, was starting to fill. The giant LED TV in the corner played the latest soccer—no, football —match. They were in Europe—Milan, to be exact—and he had to get used to calling things a different way. Like how the restroom is called a water closet . Thank god he was not assigned to London or else he would be driving on the wrong side of the road. The bass from the speakers subtly made his water bottle dance. Theirs was a most unusual office setting, because their boss insisted that working in the creative industry meant they should not be confined to a boring setting. It would be detrimental to their job and brain cells. Peeta wanted to tell him alcohol would do the same to him. By the time he was halfway through the cold noodles, his co-worker Finnick plopped down in the chair in front of him. Two thirds of their pitiful team were complete. Only Marvel, the managing editor, was missing. And before one would get any ideas, no, Peeta Mellark did not work directly in a magazine. He worked for several in fact, or rather his department did. He was a copywriter, in charge of writing the boring words for the dull advertorials (advertising editorials, thank you very much, paid handsomely by their advertisers) that readers flip past but their clients still think relevant and useful for their commercial ends. Whatever , he thought. It paid the exorbitant rent of his tiny studio that did not even have a kitchen. And that was why he was forced to buy his lunch in the smoky streets or go out for dinner every single day. As the music increased in volume and the lights dimmed some more, a hand covered the greasy top of his bowl. "I'll trade you that for this one," Finnick said, pushing a pack of cigarettes to him. Peeta rolled his eyes and took the offer, lighting a cigarette. He didn't have much of an appetite anyway. He looked up as he took a drag and saw their boss stumbling into the room. Mr. Abernathy roared for the music to stop and for the channel to be switched. All the editors turned their attention to screens, which now featured the goodwill tour of some princess. Since he wasn't really an editor, Peeta ignored the news flash and went back to minding his cigarette and playing a game on his phone. Paramount News brings you a special coverage of Princess Katniss's visit to London, the first stop on her much-publicized, goodwill tour of European cities. She gets a royal welcome from the British, as thousands cheer the gracious young member of one of Europe's oldest ruling families. "What a weird name," Finnick said, scrunching his nose, turning back to him. "So listen," Finnick said, not minding the news now. "We're one short for the match tonight. Care to play? I'm still missing a striker." Peeta tore his attention away from the game. The others were still glued to the screen. After three days of continuous activity and a visit to Buckingham Palace, Princess Katniss flew to Amsterdam, where her Highness dedicated the new International Aid Building and christened an ocean liner. Then went to Paris, where she attended many official functions designed to cement trade relations between her country and the Western European nation. "But we have work tomorrow," Peeta reminded him. "I don't know, we might pull off another all-nighter for this client." "Fuck," Finnick cussed into his noodles, careful not to be overheard by the boss. "Why don't you ask Thresh?" Peeta said, dipping his head back to play. And so to Milan, the Princess's stop in Italy, where the Princess's visit was marked by a spectacular military parade...The smiling young Princess showed no sign of the strain of the week's continuous public appearances. The room was suddenly silent as Mr. Abernathy suddenly switched the television off. "Ok, lovely people. Now who will volunteer to go the sweetheart's press conference tomorrow on a lovely Saturdaymorning?" It was funny how not one of the editors wanted to work on the weekends, looking elsewhere but the boss, perhaps because their jobs were already secure. Peeta's job was dependent on the revenue his department made, so he had no choice if they were made to work on weekends. Yet how he wanted to be an editor. He wanted to be a writer first, after always being praised in school for his way with words. But his mother had not approved of diving headfirst into the life of a struggling writer, which she viewed badly along with struggling artist and struggling musician. It was a pity then that all her sons were one among those three. So after slaving away in grad school, Peeta Mellark found a job as a copywriter for an ad agency before he was headhunted to this publishing company, who shipped him off to their satellite office in Milan, his first time traveling outside the US. He ought to feel flattered, but a horizontal career move was not always a good thing. "Oh your enthusiasm is simply commendable," their boss slurred as he reached for another bottle from the bar. "Cato! Clove!" he barked as he opened the bottle and poured himself a drink. "You two do the press con." Peeta was staring at the scene just in time to see the identical looks of disdain from the two editors before his phone's alarm beeped to remind him of a client meeting. He could smell the liquor as Mr. Abernathy walked past them. He finished his cigarette and reached for his jacket, thumping Finnick in the head as he passed by to get the other man going. One day, he thought as the revolving doors led them to the cool spring air outside, he would find his ticket out of here. What Peeta Mellark did not know was that his ticket was waiting in the elevator at the Four Seasons Milan. Princess Katniss was always, always, surrounded by people. It had been like this as far back as she could remember. There was never one moment where she could play alone with her dolls or her cats as there was the shadow of someone else nearby. When the faint chime of the elevator indicated that they had reached the floor of her suite, Princess Katniss walked ahead of her entourage purposely, until a clearing of a throat made her stop. Her chaperone, Countess Trinket, made the noise, and Katniss waited for one of her aides to offer his arm to escort her to her room. I can walk perfectly well , she groaned. Yet her face remained perfectly serene. It was perfectly serene last night too, during the ball to welcome her to Italy, wearing her resplendent ball gown and her sparkling tiara. It was perfectly serene while she greeted the guests of the ball one by one, all three hundred of them. It was always perfectly serene even if inside her was a storm of emotions. As she walked into her suite, the long corridor was filled with the sounds of the news reporting her goodwill tour. She was about to walk to her room when Countess Trinket directed her to the receiving room. The PR machine of the palace stood waiting for her. Lord Heavensbee and Lord Flickerman bowed to the Princess as she daintily took her seat, adjusting her skirt and removing her silk gloves as she turned to address the two. Lord Heavensbee eagerly stepped forward with that fanatic gleam that always twinkled in his eye, alerting her to another one of his PR schemes. "Your Highness, the debut of your tour has been received splendidly by the press!" He motioned for Lord Flickerman, who produced his tablet and showed the Princess all of the news clippings and video coverage of her tour. Katniss made a motion to regard the tablet and scrolled down at the photos. Her face looked perfectly serene in everything. "That is a relief to hear, my lords," she replied. And it really was a relief. The reason for the whole tour was that, as a small country, Panem was not as blessed as its sovereign neighbors, and they needed a boost to their image if they were to improve their economy that slowly sunk alongside its sisters in Europe. What better way to do that, Lord Heavensbee proposed one night, than to parade their direct heir to the throne around the continent, meet with people and attract investors, put Panem in a good light in the midst of all this depression over fiscal debts and downgrades. Yet there was another, more important reason for the tour, too. Their Parliament, pushed by the deterioration of their currency, was screaming for the abolishment of the monarchy. It was archaic, they said. Expensive. Outdated. Irrelevant. The Palace needed this tour to bring the tide of favor to their side. So they brought Lords Heavensbee and Flickerman onboard and the two concocted their schemes and flexed their PR muscles. And Princess Katniss, being the only heir, was forced to comply. And now Panem was all over the news, as well as her. Her father, the King, called her earlier to congratulate her on the success, commending her for her fulfillment of her duty. They all spoke of how she was regal and poised and attentive. Yet nobody had bothered to ask her how she had felt about all this. She was merely a piece in their games. When Lords Heavensbee and Flickerman finished congratulating themselves on their success, Princess Katniss looked at her chaperone and faked a cough. Everyone turned their heads towards her, and Countess Trinket rushed to her side. They always worried about her health, and she played that card often. She was escorted out of the receiving room at once to take her rest. Princess Katniss walked faster than her escort when she neared her room. She hurried some more until she reached her door and slammed it shut behind her, before falling down slowly to the floor, exhausted and burdened. She would cry again alone tonight, never truly being able to ascertain the source of all her despondency. Later that night, Princess Katniss stood on her bed in her dainty white nightgown with small pink rosebuds. Her hair was down and her head ached from the pins used earlier. It was usually easy to bounce back from her mood swings, but tonight was difficult. The stress and demands of the tour must be weighing down on her. Still, she had to present her best face to her guardian. Countess Trinket entered the room, bringing her nightly snack of milk and crackers. "I hate this nightgown," Katniss told her. "I hate all my nightgowns and all my underwear too!" Princess Katniss exclaimed while brushing her hair. The Countess came over to her bed as she plopped down to her pillows. "My dear, you have lovely things." "But I'm not two hundred years old!" Katniss said, pulling the collar of her nightgown with the rosebuds. "Why can't I sleep in pajamas?" "Pajamas!" "Just the top half. Did you know that there are people who sleep with nothing at all?" Katniss said, further shocking the Countess. Countess Trinket walked over to the window to open them. She turned to Katniss and said, "I rejoice to say that I did not." The Countess then proceeded to give her the tray of milk and crackers. "Everything we do is so wholesome," Katniss complained while munching on her crackers. "They'll help you to sleep."