Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. Rescuing the Senior by Ydream08 Summary: Tricked into holding what she'd thought was a broken time-turner, Hermione was sent back to 1926. She was stuck in time and lived in the Leaky Cauldron. While struggling to build a new life, an odd couple caught her attention. No way could a man love such a woman so intensely, right? A simple answer: Love potion. Little did Hermione know that she was intervening to the newly-wed Riddles. Chapter 1 It was a rainy day. The old man seated at the dark corner of the small cafe took reluctant sips from his coffee, and listened closely to the rain as it poured outside. It beat a harsh rhythm on the roof of the old place. He lowered his mug, not missing the flicker of light on his own skin. It made his hand translucent for a second, nearly causing the mug to slip from his ghostly fingers. He was lucky this time. He too often recalled the many times of even dropping his wand. He wasn't sure how he had survived five years after his own death, or rather, his other persona's death, to be precise. He only recently understood the rules of time and dimensions. Although, he had spent more than a decade researching the topic ever since his mother's death. His own mother had been the catalyst of his interest. She was an amazing witch, his mother, Mrs. Riddle. He still couldn't believe she had died at such a young age. Seventy-seven was hardly elderly age for an average witch, and Hermione Jean Riddle was anything but average. He had lost her twenty-three years ago, on the nineteenth of September, in 1979. The formidable witch had spent her last day on earth organizing a mini-dueling tournament for her grandchildren. It was set to take place in their backyard at Little Hangleton. She had insisted that her grandchildren prove to her that they hadn't lost their fighting edge, most of them having graduated from Amoiencia School of Sorcery roughly five years ago. As a witch, she had been strict with her children's education, especially Defense Against Dark Arts. Remembering his mother's obsession, he thought he could understand her preoccupation. If it weren't for her meddling, the second generation of Riddles wouldn't have been so ready for the Wizarding War, aiding Harry James Potter to victory. Only after his mother's death had he understood that dimensions could collide. Sighing, his wrinkled hands angrily wiped his face. His mother's time-traveling was exceptionally unbelievable. He understood it only on principle. Her reality so different from his own. She had spoken to him about what was to be; that in her own world there had been two wars. One before her birth, and the other during her teen years. When the time for the first war had passed and nothing had happened in his own youth, his mother had explained this situation. The future-self he could have morphed into: Lord Voldemort. That hadn't made sense back when he was a teen nor did it make sense when he grew to adulthood as a married wizard, and with two children. Up until his mother's death, he had always doubted her sanity. Her revelations had sparked his interest, that had been a given. So upon her death, he researched and researched and because of that research, he believed in the possibility of her scenario. Yet, aside from the allure of having had come so close to immortality, the story held no weight to him. There hadn't been any proof, his own wandering teen mind that had more than once thought of conquering the world couldn't be acknowledged as one. However, the day of Hermione Riddle's death, he had experienced that translucency for the first time, causing Tom Riddle to reconsider his conclusions...slightly. Nothing had happened to anyone other than him. He was the one whose image flickered now and again. He was the one who read ' Is Lord Voldemort Back? ' on the Quibbler instead of ' Lucius Malfoy Asks for Muggle-borns' Exclusion from Hogwarts !'. He was the only one from his family who had seen Dumbledore dueling a bald, snake-faced creature instead of the blond aristocratic heir to the Malfoy line during the attack on the Department of Mysteries. On the burial day of their grandparents, Tom Riddle's brother and sister had never seen Harry Potter trapped on a tomb, watching a cauldron in fright as a rat-man completed a ritual for the rebirth of Lord Voldemort. Tom could have sworn it wasn't just a coincidence that only he witnessed such distortions of reality. These unfamiliar scenes had began to occur frequently in Tom's life, and the vigilant wizard was quick to notice the pattern. Whenever Tom Marvolo Riddle got closer to Harry Potter and the main events of those hypothetical Wizarding Wars, his own reality changed because his dimension collided with another. The one in which Lord Voldemort terrorized the Wizarding Britain. Distinguishing the two parallel worlds easily as his mother had talked about the original one in great detail, Tom had extended his interest in light reading of time travel and dimensions, so that after recording enough data, he could make an assertion about what was happening and how to fix it. His research showed that it was possible for two dimensions to co-exist for a limited time however unstable they might be. As a result, different people would witness two totally separate worlds during that time interval. It has been 23 years in Tom's case. It had been mild changes at first, making Tom doubt himself and his research. However, the day on his grandparents' burial Tom had become sure of his deductions. His speculative explanation to only him noticing this collision between the dimensions was that he was going to make the decision that would decide whichever would overshadow the other. His wandering mind coming into focus, Tom Riddle left a few sickles on the table for the coffee. His eyes followed a curly haired witch rushing to the bookstore across the street. This version of his mother from that foreign dimension wasn't so different from how Tom remembered her. In a moment of benevolence, Tom thought that perhaps he should have brought his siblings so that they could see their mother once more. However, even if they had come, they wouldn't be seeing this Hermione Granger who was to be a Riddle. They would see a young woman newly graduated form Hogwarts who looked eerily similar to Hermione Riddle. Practically a stranger who had no knowledge of whom the Riddle siblings were, only to have heard their family names from their association to Amoiencia School of Sorcery. His siblings would see a Hermione Granger blissfully ignorant of Lord Voldemort. Dismissing the useless idea that was too much sentimental for Tom Riddle's taste, he kept his watch on the young witch. It was a shame that she wasn't using an Umbrella charm while running in the rain, her shoulder-length hair was definitely going to be a mess as it dried naturally. Just as it used to be every time she was too tired to dry her hair after bathing her three young children, ages varying from six to two. Tom knew that that was the only flawed planning his mother had done- being a mother of three in such a short span of time. He smirked, his mother would have playfully smacked him hard on the head if she had heard that last thought. He couldn't help it though, seeing her this young and alive made him yearn for his mother as he remembered her from his youth. He shrugged off the thoughts, and set his mind to the task at hand. He was going to choose a future today. Either have Hermione Granger as his mother, or be killed as a madman in the hands of Harry Potter. It wasn't a hard choice, but Tom knew if he did not act on it today, his reality as he knew it would disappear. Nobody would remember a single Riddle. Not Tom's brother, sister; not his children, his nephews and nieces; not himself. Correction, he would be remembered alright, remembered as the psychopath, who killed half of Wizarding Britain in the delirious hopes of eradicating the world of Muggles, Muggle-born, and Half-Bloods. A shiver went through his spine, but Tom shook it off and exited the cafe to hurriedly enter the bookstore. Inside was dry and warm. The lighting was dim, mostly thanks to the bookcases covering the walls from ground to roof preventing any window from letting in the sunlight. Tom noted that the place could have been rather spacious if it weren't for the books piling on the floor every few steps. There were a few armchairs shoved into the empty spaces available, giving the bookstore an overall feel of chaos rather than being inviting. The young woman behind the desk didn't mind, though. Hermione had shed her outwear, opting to stay in her thick red jumper and jeans. Her wet curly hair was braided at the side, and she struggled to put a ribbon at the tip of it. Tom watched her soundlessly, she was so engrossed on the book open in front of her that she had even failed to notice his presence. Finally, she was finished with her braid. Just when she leaned over the desk to solely concentrate on the book, Tom cleared his throat. "Oh, I hadn't seen you there!" Hermione acknowledged him. "How may I help you, sir?" Tom smiled, feeling lucky that she hadn't asked for his name. He doubted this version of her would be delighted to see her son, Tom Riddle. He straightened his wavy hair, it was a habit he couldn't get rid of even at this age when his hair had thinned and greyed. He started to shed his own coat, and found his mother rushing to his aid and hanging his coat before he could say anything else. He had deduced from the armchairs spread around the place that this bookstore was open for people who wished to stay and read, but he was surprised that Hermione Granger was eager for company. Then he remembered his old age of seventy-six, and realized that her helpful nature was due to respect and perhaps a bit of pity. "Thank you, young lady," Tom said,and he couldn't help but smile at the irony of addressing his mother as such. "No need to mention," Hermione said and looked at Tom expectantly. "Well, I've been researching time-travelling for some time. A word reached me that this bookstore is a distinct site for collectors or curious researches such as myself," Tom told his tale. He noticed how his mother squared her shoulders in pride and her eyes sparkled with joy; Tom had realized at a young age that his mother was a sucker for well-deserved praise. It was the skill of the manipulator to judge the correct time to give such a praise, and what better word could describe Tom Marvolo Riddle? "I have recently come across a rare time-turner and was wondering if there could be any parchment, diary, list, book, anything actually, that could point to its origins. Sadly, I believe it is broken and the research I conducted indicated that without proper knowledge of the specific device, it is impossible to fix it." Hermione Granger was silent for a moment. Probably going through the inventory in her mind , Tom mused. It didn't take her five minutes before she sprinted in the direction of the bookcases and was lost behind the piles of books. Tom smiled to himself and opted to sit at the chair his mother had vacated behind the desk. His eyes scanned through the book she had been reading. She was nearly finished with it, and it was pleasing to see that the book Will Against Magic: Fight or Surrender? was about