Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. Here I Am By Ydream08 Summary: Draco's been happily married to a Turkish Witch, peacefully living in Istanbul. But the recent Werewolf deaths are affecting his wife's family, causing Draco to dig deeper for answers. How are these deaths related to the British Werewolf packs and the London Ministry of Magic? Moving back to the UK, Draco sends his daughter to Hogwarts, forgetting the already attending Weasleys and Potters. Chapter 1 25 May, 2021 Fatih's Cottage in Maçka-Trabzon, Turkey "You are restless," Berk remarked as his friend Emir sped up the tapping of his fingers on his knees. The two were in the cottage of Fatih's Pack, relaxing in one of the three spacious living rooms it had. The room had minimal furniture; four couches, a large dining table with several stools scattered around, most of them made of the same Beech wood that was used to construct the cottage itself. The sun had set hours ago, leaving the room to the courtesy of flickering candlelight. It was perhaps because of that light, or because of his constant blinking, that Emir was slowly being sucked into the consciousness of the restless werewolf inside of him. Although, all he wished was to remain in awake. He wanted to rest, ignore the tingling in his gut, the way shivers erupted down his spine and the nausea making his mouth taste of bile. He groaned in order to hush the howling deep within himself, his inner wolf peeking through the cracks of his soul. The cracks that continued to grow deeper as the days to the full moon were counted down to one. He hated this- could not grasp the notion that he was indeed a werewolf. This was going to be his third full moon, although Emir was far from excited. "Shit, you think so?!" Emir barked and wiped his face with his palms. He did not know he was sweating this much. Berk rose from his seat and rid himself of his leather jacket, leaving himself in his black V-neck shirt and the same coloured jeans. Emir was taller than Berk by a few inches, however when Berk towered over the seated rookie, Emir couldn't help but avert his gaze. He appreciated Berk's company and mentorship, but seeing the experienced werewolf serene and composed while Emir himself felt like his world was about to crumble down, made him despise Berk. "C'mon, we're joining the rest of the pack in the woods." Berk's statement was not open for discussion. "Asking you this afternoon whether we run with the rest of the pack was idiotic of me," he said under his breath. Roughly, he grabbed Emir's upper arm to pull him on his feet. Berk patted him on his back for reassurance. Perhaps the action had been a bit harsher than Emir needed but the boy didn't complain. Berk following closely behind, Emir moved across the hallway in order to reach the back exit placed in the kitchen. The moment the door swung open and Emir breathed in the chill Black Sea air, he felt his internal chaos die down, and giving in to his instincts, rid of his shoes and ran wildly into the woods. When his bare feet touched the wet grass, the scent of fresh soil reached his nostrils. The rain had stopped only an hour ago, the remaining clouds having shielded what little light the moon reflected, immersing the vast woods into a repelling yet eerie grace. For a second, before the thick trees surrounded every last bit of his vision, Emir had glanced at the soon to be full moon. How such a beautiful view could curse him with intolerable agony, Emir could not fathom, yet his eyes were easily tricked to stare at the moon even while he ran whenever it peaked through the clouds. Adrenaline pumped through his veins as he picked up pace, ducking beneath branches and jumping over tree roots, all while ignoring the rocks or dry leaves pressing into his bare feet. Running freed him in a wicked way ever since he had been bitten. There was nothing like leaving his house or traveling on his own. There were no responsibilities, no fear, no expectations; running meant that he was functioning- he was capable. It meant that he could blend into nature, that he was accepted. That's how he could forget the pain of his battered feet, bear the burning of his stretched ribcage and continue regardless of his aching chest. Drugging his inner wolf was worth all of it. Berk did not hesitate to give in to the urge of transition this close to the moon, and broke into a run after Emir. His legs became stronger, his feet had elongated into bony claws and his posture had his back leaning forward as if he were getting ready to attack at any moment. He became aware of the scarce layer of fur coating his skin, but was yet to transform into a full werewolf. That being said, the amount of bones needed to be broken and mended back for this transition was minimal, making it desirable for Berk. Five years' worth of training had given him this strength, and if this was not a sign of reconciliation with his race, he did not know what was. The triumphant yell coming from Emir sounded like a howl to Berk's ears. He was happy for the boy- becoming a werewolf at the age of fourteen was no easy task. Watching the boy fight his wolf counterpart the whole evening had pained Berk deeply. Seeing Emir embracing the nature, running to his heart's content was pleasing for Berk. He was giving Emir the space he needed to be free by following him a mere hundred meters behind. Berk could distinguish the bushes and branches the boy shook as he made his way through, his scent clinging to each piece of greenery, so Berk did not feel the need to distress the boy. He kept his distance and ran to satisfy his own inner werewolf. Berk did not how much time had passed when he came across people from the pack. Since it was later in May, most of the pack was absent, scattered around the country of Turkey, but most commonly spending their time in Istanbul. However, there were around a hundred werewolves now in Trabzon. The packs shared the five cottages Fatih's Pack owned, and whenever the pack wanted to play, they more or less ran round the same hillsides. "I thought you'd never join!" Tolga Kurt growled. Four more pack members were standing by his side, but Berk's attention remained locked on him. Tolga was not older than Berk, thirty-eight if Berk's memory was correct, but he was a much older and experienced werewolf, so Berk was not surprised to see a fully transitioned wolf in front of him. It was a miracle, or rather Kurt's thirty-two years of experience, that kept his consciousness open enough to converse with Berk. "The boy couldn't sit still," Berk stated. This felt more like reporting to a boss rather than talking to a mate, but Berk didn't let his distress reach his eyes. He never liked Kurt. He was new to being the right hand of the pack leader. Upon the death of the previous right hand, Mr. Fatih had ended up giving the positon to Kurt. In Berk's opinion, three months of being a right hand was far from adequate for trusting Kurt with such influence even though the werewolf in front of him had joined the pack far earlier than he himself had. If Berk's memory didn't fail him, Kurt was honoured with the right hand position at his fifteenth year. "They never can!" Kurt barked a laugh. Berk could swear he had seen Kurt quickly show a sinister smile. Deciphering expressions of werewolves was never Berk's forte, though. Kurt spoke once more, "Where is the young cub?" That's when Berk realized the woods were too silent for his liking. He couldn't hear the rustling of the leaves caused by Emir's quick movements. There were no howls quite like the boy's and his remaining scent was quickly blown away by the wind. Berk took a few steps back, his anxiety levels spiking. His sudden steps caused the entire pack to glance in his direction. Before Kurt could blink, Berk had sprinted into the woods to find the boy. He followed the path where he last detected Emir, but the boy's scent had faded as he continued along the trail, causing Berk come to an abrupt stop. He noted that others were searching around the perimeter, too. Berk ordered himself to take a breath and think with his mind. Emir's scent was gone now, but a few meters prior it still lingered. Berk left to find the last place he had noted Emir's scent. What could have happened to the boy? He was still human, unable to complete the transition aside from the full moon. Even though his resistance, durability and agility had increased because of his werewolf traits, Berk knew he couldn't have gone too far. Berk was only concerned of cliffs; it was dark in the forest and Emir could have easily taken a wrong step. Vicinities around the Black Sea had one sure advantage- rugged terrain was the right place to set free a bunch of werewolves, but for a teenage werewolf and a non-wizard at that, it mustn't be travelled out of supervision while being free. Berk's inner werewolf was quick to pick up the scent of blood. Alarm bells were bouncing around his skull by the time he reached to the source. His breath steadied, but his inner werewolf flared at the notion of death. Looking under the bushes, he found a mauled roe deer, and by the scent it had been dead for some time. Berk sighed with relief. His imagination had run wild for a second there. He scolded himself-nothing was certain yet. He had to find Emir. It had been two hours after the first rays of the sun penetrated the eerie forest when the silence was cut with the howl of Berk Korkmaz. The pack members dashed to their fellow werewolf's side. The man was dishevelled, his clothing ripped, his arms and feet bloodied, his eyes bloodshot. He was leaning over a body, heaving with silent sobs. Kurt was quick to take order and most of the spectators dissipated, only a handful remaining. Of this handful, a few carried the body and one was to escort Berk. The remaining members Berk couldn't care less for, his focus directed at the back of the mate who was carrying his boy, the dead boy whom he was responsible for. 27 May, 2021 Malfoy's Residence- Istanbul, Turkey Draco was anxious with his preparations, becoming intolerant with young Burak Nicholas Malfoy. The boy had been gripping Draco's pants for some time, though had done him little good. "Love, be a big boy and let your father get dressed," Draco repeated to his ten-years-old son for the umpteenth time. He was looking in the mirror and trying to remember how to get his fucking tie done up. His Slytherin indifference and calmness was nowhere in sight. The tone with which Draco's father-in-law had invited him to dinner was the cause of his attitude. "Stop, let me get that." Zeliha Malfoy grabbed him by the shoulders to make him face her. She was giggling at her husband's trembling hands and horrified stare. She had loved the man before her ever since the first day the two met in a small cafe in Paris. Draco's last thought while escaping from London and his past was to find love in Paris, France. But fate had acquainted him with Zel; and as their nineteenth Anniversary was closing in, all Draco could think was how blessed he was. "My father won't bite you- can't actually, with the full moon being