Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. I also don't own the character Reina Rowle, who is an OC of the author Canimal . I asked for her permission to use her, and she kindly granted it. Thank you so much :) If I were Harry Potter By Ydream08 Chapter 1 " Dementors are among the foulest creatures that walk this earth* ," Remus Lupin was saying. Verena Bautista didn't know how many times she'd seen the Harry Potter movies, but she'd never felt so proud watching them. Today was the third day she introduced her little sister Nadia to the legend of a young boy with the lightning scar. "I still don't understand-" "-Shh, Nadia. Just watch," Verana scolded her sister. Nadia had a bad habit of asking questions, distracting both of them from watching the movie. For the last two days Verena always warned her not to interrupt, but she had been light hearted while saying so. The third day was different though. Verena Bautista's patience was thin when it came to Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban . This was the movie she was convinced Draco Malfoy would harbor a secret crush on Hermione, and it was definitely reciprocated by the bushy haired witch. Who would believe a fist in the face could change destiny? Verena believed. Also not to mention Sirius fucking amazing Black made his appearance in this movie, making this particular franchise Verena's favorite. " I'm scared, Professor* ," said Harry. His unruly hair made Verena sigh, reminding Verena of her disappointment of his future hair-cuts throughout the series. Third and fourth movies were the best match for Verena's imagination from when she read the books. "What was Professor Lupin to Harry's parents? Also why is everyone saying that Sirius is a murderer? Wasn't he your favorite character or something?" Nadia inquired. She didn't even whisper! Verena wished she had the chance of taking her twelve-years-old sister to the theater to watch the movies. That would have hushed her for the duration of the movie. Yet the year was 2017, the Harry Potter series had already left the theaters ages ago. "He is one of my favorites. And just watch, you'll understand everything." Verena turned her hazel eyes back to the screen, and watched from the corner of her eyes as her sister reluctantly did the same. They watched the movie for a full of fifteen minutes of silence, only faintly hearing the thunderstorm outside, when Nadia fidgeted, not quite comfortable of how she sat on the bed. "Is everything alright?" Verena asked, already have freezed the video player. "I just need to use the bathroom. Is the soda finished? I'll bring some on the way back." Just as Nadia left the room, Verena took out her phone and opened her safari. In one of the the tabs was her latest found favorite Dramione fanfiction, and if it were not for their movie marathon, she would be reading that at the moment. That's why it was quick for her eyes to search for the paragraph she left the story, and she picked up reading it. As Verena read, she felt as if she would combust any given moment. Such a passionate love! Verena could swear Draco and Hermione were soulmates. Of course, when Verena read Theomione fan fiction Hermione's soulmate became Theo Nott, but that was a small detail. Anyway, it was her third time reading this particular fan fiction. It was downright addicting for her. Her eyes continued to dance between the sentences but she barely registered that the chapter had come to an end. It was so damn hot in the room! Verena hopped down from the bed and reached for the windows. It was early evening yet the dark clouds hovering above the sky had helped the sisters create a theater atmosphere without needing the curtains. The thunderstorm had strengthened ever since they had started watching. The rain fell heavier now, the droplets left no space on the window for Verena to see clearly through the diagonal pattern they formed. The moment she was close enough to lean her forehead to the window, she felt the cold from the outside breach though the glass. Verena put her hand on the surface and watched as the heat from her hand formed mist, leaving fingerprints on the window. With her free hand Verena opened the window by half, letting the cold air in. The sound of the heavy rain filled her ears and the fresh air reached to her nostrils. She could close the window when Nadia arrived, then the two of them would continue to watch the movie. Till then the change of air would be nice. Having her forehead and left hand resting on the window, Verena's eyes fell to her phone with anticipation of reading the second chapter. She wasn't even done with the first paragraph when she jumped out of her skin because of the roar of thunder. She gasped, her grip on the phone loosening. Last minute she saved her phone from falling but just then lightning struck, and the sudden burst of light startled the young girl. She fell on her bum, her phone landing far away from her. Verena got to her feet, shrugged her fear best as she could, then closed the window. Preferring the hot room to witnessing the thunderstorm, she even pulled the curtains. Taking her phone from the floor, Verena sat down on the bed. She wondered why her sister was taking this long. She could keep reading in her absence but continuing the movie was what she prefered. She knew if her fan girl was feeded further, she wouldn't be able to switch back to canon. That was the curse of fan fiction. With a huff Verena rolled in the bed, getting sick of staring at the door, willing her sister to show up. Occasionally she heard the thunder roar but all she did was to curl up and act as though her warm room was a coffin promising eternal peace. There was wi-fi in her room and if she continued to be a shut-in, a coffin her room definitely would be. Feeling her eyes fluttering shut, she didn't force them open to stare more at the empty door. Perhaps she could take a quick nap and Nadia would wake her up when she came back. Verena didn't need to war with herself to be convinced, not much later her breaths turned deep and slow. Her consciousness drifted, some small part of her protested to falling asleep. There was a movie to watch, a Harry Potter to gawk at as he flew Buckbeak and a Sirius Black to be saved. Commanding with every last bit of her fiber, Verena forced her eyes to open. She wanted to be watching Harry Potter's life. For sure she wished to be living his life, or in his world at the least, but if watching was all she could manage, that she would do. A last thunder echoing in her ear drums, Verena's eyes popped open. The light blinded her at first. Not remembering their room to be this lighted, Verena felt confused. Had her sister opened the lights of the corridor on her way? Was that why it was so bright inside? In order to adjust to her surroundings, Verena blinked a few times and realized that she was sitting in a kitchen. The sun persistently penetrated the windows and was reflected by every white furniture in the kitchen, if it weren't for them the old place would be fairly devastating in Verena's opinion. It wasn't that the kitchen didn't look brand new that Verena came to the conclusion of the place being old. The smell of mould, the sticky feeling of humidity and the sound of wood creaking gave away the age of the building she was currently in. It reminded Verena of her grandparents' flat, so she didn't complain. Instead, her eyes even watered. When the back of her hand went to wipe away tears, her skin touched something round and hard. Verena blinked a few times, she realised she was wearing glasses as her fumbling fingers grasped the black object to remove it. She'd never worn glasses. What was she doing with a pair now? The moment the glasses left her face, her vision blurred. Narrowing her eyes without knowing it, she failed to reason what was happening. "Oh, you are awake?" A feminine voice called. She walked around her from the back, then she came into her view from the right side, searching through some drawers. Being honest, all Verena saw was something fluffy and brown. "I hadn't prepared the breakfast yet. Ron won't be here before an hour and you seemed to be asleep, so I was taking my time." Annoyed that she couldn't see anything without the glasses, Verena put them back on to have good look at the girl who was talking. When her vision turned to HD, Verena took in the appearance of the girl. Wait, no, young woman. She definitely had a youthful voice, it sounded a bit raspy and tired but Verena decided it must be because she had newly woken up. She was wearing brown pajama bottoms, a shade darker than her curly hair. When she turned around, Verena saw that her white shirt had books printed on the front, thus explaining the colour theme. She was currently fighting against her hair to tie it up in a bun, the fluorescent green colour of the elastic clasp a huge contradiction to her pajamas. "You better be okay with plain omelette. I'd told you to go out shopping yet the fridge is still empty." The bossy tone surprisingly didn't grate Verena's ears. However the more she talked, the less Verena's logic seemed to anchor her down. What the hell was happening? And where was Nadia? "I'm talking to you, Mr. Celebrity. I had told you last time that you can't use reporters to be your excuse to be a shut-in." Verena rose her eyes to meet with hers, and she was struck dead. In front of her stood Emma Watson, the way Verena remembered her from the movies. Her hair wasn't short, it reached to her shoulders, being fair it wasn't the actress' beautiful wavy locks either. Her long face was surrounded by crazy puffy curled hair the colour of every damn shade of brown. Nice different , Verena thought. Could Verena get away with asking for a selfie? "Hey, Harry, are you listening to me? Gosh, boys! All I'd asked was shopping!" Ms. Watson shrieked, cracking the eggs in her hand a bit harsher than needed. Wait. What did she call me? "Ha-" Verena tried to talk but the lump in her throat didn't let her. She coughed a few times and when she brought her way-big hands to her mouth to cover it, she had a sinking feeling that something was terribly wrong. She knew she was delusional deep inside, but staring at her black trousers and too-flat chest, Verena threw her sanity to the wind. Who needed sanity if what she thought was happening was real? "Hermione?" Verena croaked. Her voice was lower than she remembered, just as she expected. The voice of a man . Verena's hand went to the round glasses, the other one trying to feel the skin on her forehead. If what she suspected was true… there! The lightning bolt scar! Verena had the voice of Harry fucking Potter. "Harry? What did you say? Harry, did you just- wait where are you going!" Verena disregarded Hermione Granger's astonished voice and didn't stay to chit-chat with her, how ever much she craved to do so. She rose from her seat, ran like a mad man through the house she now suspected was Grimmauld Place and tried to find a bathroom, indirectly a mirror. Verena hadn't decided to whether throw up or look up at her reflection. It was