Intro: Hello there! My name's Alissa. I'm writing this book for two guys I knew. Connor and Travis Stoll? You may have heard of them. They're the two troublemaking siblings in the now-popular Percy Jackson series. Anyway, I'm writing this for them. In the series they're portrayed as troublemakers, hated by many gods and campers, and very mischievous. Yes, all that is true, but that's only part of it. To me, they were so much more than just rebellious sons of Hermes. They were loving, caring, fun guys. They weren't just my best friends. We were closer than that. They're like brothers to me, and they treated me like their sister, even though I'm a daughter of Athena. This is just a little book of some of their adventures and my fondest memories with them. So let's see I think I'll start...here. Chapter 1: "Dude, come on give it back!" 14-year-old Travis Stoll said to Micah, the school bully. He had just taken Connor's backpack...again. "Make me!" Micah smirked. He dangled the bag just out of reach. "Give it to him now!" Travis yelled as he charged Micah. He knocked the bag out of his hands, and they both fell to the floor, punching and kicking. Connor slipped through the group of kids who had gathered to watch the fight and grabbed his backpack. He backed up and started to dry his tears with his sleeve just as a teacher pushed his way through the crowd. "What's going on here?" he demanded. No one said anything. "You two" he pointed at Micah and Travis "come with me." They slowly got up and followed the teacher to the principal's office. Connor, not really knowing what to do, just ran to his next class. He was a year younger than Travis (although people swear they're twins) and very smart. He actually skipped a grade to be in Travis's class, but since that made him the youngest he always got picked on. He got to his seat right as the bell rang. He decided that he wouldn't worry about Travis. Travis could take care of himself. He'd just focus on making it through this class and meeting Travis at lunch. The class dragged by. Connor kept looking at the door, then the clock, then his paper, then back at the door. Travis never walked in, which Connor half-expected. He knew he was still being "interrogated", so he tried to concentrate on math. It frustrated him, he knew the answer to every question, but because of his ADHD he couldn't concentrate. Finally the bell rang. Connor was the first person out of the classroom and made a mad dash to the lunchroom, looking for his brother the whole way. Sure enough, Travis was waiting for him at their lunch table, wearing a huge grin. "Did you get in trouble?" Connor asked. "No not this time. But Micah got expelled." he said smiling. "You don't have to deal with him anymore!" Connor was about to start jumping for joy (or at least in his head he was) when he got a good look at Travis's eye. It was all black and blue. "Oh my gosh Travis this is all my fault I'm so sorry!" Travis looked confused for a second, but he must've figured it out. "Dude, don't worry about it! It wasn't your fault. Besides, you're my brother. It was worth it." he smiled a warm, brotherly smile, when he was suddenly he was doused with chocolate milk. "Oh my gosh I-I'm so sorry! Um...here!" Travis turned around to see a girl about his age holding out a napkin. Behind her, he saw a bunch of girls laughing at her, and instantly he knew what happened. "It's cool." he said. "Gosh that was a stupid thing to say" he thought to himself. He took the napkin she offered and quickly wiped the milk off him face, hair, and shirt as best he could. "Um, would you like to sit with us?" Connor asked her sheepishly. Travis nodded in agreement as the girl stared at them in disbelief. "A-are you sure? I mean, I just spilled milk all over you and-and" Travis stopped her. "Yeah we're sure. And besides, it technically wasn't you, it was them" he gestured towards the other girls who were still laughing hysterically. (A.N. Just in case you didn't figure it out, the other girls shoved this girl, which made her spill the milk all over Travis) . She smiled and sat down. "I'm Alissa" she said. Connor and Travis introduced themselves, and they talked for the rest of the lunch period. The rest of the day dragged on. The Stoll's found out that Alissa was in all the same classes except P.E., so they sat near each other for the remainder of the day. They also discovered that Alissa lived pretty close to them, so the threesome rode the bus together as well. Alissa got off the bus at the first stop, so Connor and Travis had some time talk before their stop. "I like her" Connor stated. "Me too" Travis agreed. "She's very nice. I'm actually glad she spilled milk all over me." They looked at each other and burst out laughing. What a weird way to meet their new best friend! They got off the bus, still laughing, and walked back home. "Mom, were home!" Travis shouted. No answer. "Mom?" Connor asked. "Where are you?" They walked down the hallway into the living room. "Go away!" their mom's familiar voice shouted. Connor tried again. "Mom, it's me and Travis!" "I told you to leave me alone!" she screamed. Travis pulled his younger brother out of the way just as their mom hurled a book at his head. They dashed up the stairs into their room, locking the door behind them. Both of them had tears streaming down their faces. "How long do you think it'll last this time?" Connor's voice trembled as he spoke. "I-I don't know buddy. She's pretty out of it." Travis said, hugging his brother tightly. Their mom had never been an alcoholic. She had always been against it, up until their dad left them three years ago. Even after he mysteriously disappeared, she rarely drank. But when she did, it was awful. Usually she'd get so stoned that they would have to lock themselves in their bedroom, sometimes for days, and use their window to get in and out of the house. They had gotten use to this, and kept a few boxes of pop tarts and a case of cokes in their room, just in case they got hungry. So, after eating their pop tart dinner, they helped each other with homework and went to bed. Connor was the first person up, so he got to wake Travis up, which wasn't an easy task. They grabbed what little cash they could find in their room for lunch since they had left their wallets down stairs, ate a pop tart for breakfast, and climbed out the window. The bus pulled up shortly after they arrived at the bus stop. Alissa was listening to her iPod, but she turned it off when they sat down. She gave a warm smile to the two tired boys and said hey. They returned the smile and said hey as well, and they talked the rest of the way to school. All of 7th grade went like this. Every now and then something odd would happen. They weren't made fun of as much anymore, but they still remained outcasts. They even started to get into pranking people, and since they were the "outcasts" they got away with it 99% of the time. Pretty soon 7th grade was over, which meant summer vacation! Unfortunately, Connor and Travis's mom's bad habit got more and more frequent. And the more frequent it became, the worse it got. But there was one day in particular that stood out as the worst. Connor had just left to run down to the store and buy some water since they were out of coke. "Call me if you think of anything else!" Connor said, leaving Travis to clean up their room. "Okay mother" Travis replied with a smirk. Connor smiled, then left. Travis had just started cleaning, when he came across their box of pop tarts. It was empty. He looked around the room for his phone, but couldn't find it. "Uh oh" he said to himself. "I left it downstairs!" After a moment of hesitation, he decided to sneak down and grab it. He slowly opened the door and looked both ways. No sign of their mom. He snuck out as silently as possibly, and quickly made his way down the stairs. He peaked around the corner. His mom was sleeping on the couch. His phone was on the kitchen counter where he had left it 3 days ago. He tiptoed past the couch and into the kitchen. "Where is it?" he thought. He finally spotted it, grabbed it, and turned to go back. When he reached the couch, he stopped. Mom was gone. "Oh my gosh" he whispered to himself, suddenly very scared. He ran as quietly as he could towards his room. He made it up the stairs when she screamed. To his horror, she was hiding next to the staircase. He screamed as well. "What are you doing out here?" she screamed, spit flying out of her mouth. Yeah, she was defidently out of it. He ran towards his room, but not fast enough. She grabbed his wrist and twisted it violently. He let out a cry and pulled towards their bedroom door, trying to get out of her steel grip. He made it through the door part way, but she still hadn't let go. Travis grabbed the edge of the door and tried again to get her to let go, but she wouldn't. Instead, she grabbed the door handle and pulled the door shut as hard as she could (which was pretty hard) and let go of his hand just in time to have it get slammed in between the door and the frame. She laughed evilly as he cried out in pain. As quick as he could manage, Travis carefully got his hand out and turned the lock. He sank to the floor and curled up into a ball, sobbing uncontrollably. Why did their dad leave them? If he hadn't, this never would've happened. He felt like his dad had left because of him. That's what his mom told him every time she got drunk. At first Travis just ignored her. After all she was drunk. People who get like that say things they don't mean all the time, don't they? After a while though he began to believe her. Why else would his dad leave? His mom was the greatest person he knew when she was with his dad, and Travis knew they loved each other. Connor was so curious and innocent. That only left himself. He was just...well, just Travis. Nothing special like Connor or his mom. He had half a mind to just put himself out of his misery right then and there. It would save everyone else some trouble. But he couldn't bring himself to do that. Not yet anyway. He had to be there for Connor. Connor needed him, and although he wouldn't admit it, he needed Connor. Drying his eyes and clearing the previous thoughts from his mind, Travis sat up. He looked at his wrist but quickly looked away. It was all black and blue, and you could see the bone sticking out. Connor climbed in the window as Travis was trying to get up. "What's wrong?" Connor asked Travis, who was trying to hide his hand behind his back. "Nothing" Travis responded. "Why do you ask?" He was trying to be convincing, but it wasn't going as well as he had hoped. "It looks like you were crying." Connor said. "I'm fine."