A/N: So this Severus has been wanting to make himself known for a while. He is darker than any of my others so consider yourselves warned. The truth is that I won't be able to write anything else until he has been allowed to express himself fully. Having said that, I will understand if people want to sit this one out. Dark Severus means there will be dark smut. But if you're game, come with me on another ride . . . DSxx Please note, this fic contains explicit sexual material. 18+ readers only. P.S: Thanks to the lovelies who left final comments on Sense and Insensibility. I will respond directly soon but know that I love you. DSx Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any other characters/things/places created by J.K. Rowling. I make no money from my fan-fiction. They're only books. Ink on fibre. Twenty six letters arranged this way and that, forming words that flow or stick or roll around one's mouth and head. But each also happens to be an expression—always personal—a manifestation of the basic human need to communicate. And regardless of the author's intention, the words give themselves away. Always. Hermione Granger is an addict. Her fuse is lit easily. Anticipation is often enough. The promise of being opened up by the words of another she finds both cognitively thrilling and viscerally arousing. But the act of reading, itself, heightens her further. Some books she can simply absorb, her mind rendered porous by the gentle cajoling of a talented wordsmith. They take her swiftly, completely, and she returns from the literary abduction changed, often with a set of new memories, so vividly encoded that they feel like her own, new understandings to draw from without even having to engage. These are the shortcuts to experience, to life, that are sometimes, for Hermione, better than life, itself. But when a book challenges her, as this one does. When the words grate and the meanings hide within themselves, requiring multiple attempts to unlock their secrets, she is helplessly bound. Her mind is not her own. Her body is not her own. She is both infected and incarcerated. And she welcomes it—being dragged into a world so deep and powerful, so savage that she will be left with scars. It is this evidence of suffering that she seeks. But also of healing. She needs it. She needs them both. Pressed against her ribcage, the book's sharp corners prodded Hermione into action, infusing her tired steps with an urgency that was well and truly founded. It was Tuesday night after all. In fact it was Wednesday morning. Her curfew of 9pm had been and gone hours before, unnoticed. The air within the café basement had been loaded, thick and electric. Time hadn't mattered. Nor had the obvious threat. What had mattered was meaning . . . and purpose . . . and transformation. She had been amongst Muggles. A small group. Young men and women much like herself . . . mostly. Simply exchanging, postulating, marinating in thoughts and ideas, in a shared journey through books. And now this book. She lugs it, pressing it heavily against her side. She would have shrunk it but the burden had seemed appropriate. She'd secreted it, instead, under her transfigured robe—one that would allow her to blend with them, to shed her magical status for just one evening. Why it mattered so much, Hermione wasn't sure. It had always been made clear to her that a witch was superior to a Muggle. But somehow she wanted both. Both worlds. Her parents' Obliviation and her separation from her earliest friendships had disconnected her from what she now recognised to be indelible roots. And the Mudblood/Muggle derision had only served to consolidate her deep-seated indignation. She had begun seeking out opportunities to reconnect. Muggle café's, bookshops, libraries. There had been brief exchanges . . . gazes brushing hers over steaming coffee cups, or skimming her like the glossy magazine pages. Sometimes she breached the antisocial skin and engaged in idle chat. She liked people—even watching them. She was, in fact, the consummate observer. But she wanted more. The fortuitous flyer had been tacked to a café notice board. ' Books in the Basement .' Inviting like-minded souls to unite and appreciate. Ron would have thought her sad. Harry would have encouraged her. Both had moved on—Ron to what most considered a rather hopeful career in Quidditch and Harry to Auror training. Hermione's return to seventh year, along with only a handful of others, had felt rather forced and hollow in the wake of so much destruction. The lessons remained engaging but there was no longer the anchor point of her friends—of their shared purpose. She was drifting. She had needed something. And she'd found it. Her bi-monthly escape felt subversive and yet it wasn't. It had been allowed. Professor McGonagall had sanctioned it and even negotiated a curfew with the other staff of 10pm. She had argued that Hermione's 'Head Girl' status should allow her certain privileges. But that had changed two meetings previous. She had returned at 11pm—as she had on at least three other occasions without incident. But this time she had been caught. Any reasonable person may have let her off with a warning. But this particular captor had not been so inclined. In fact, she doubted Professor Snape had been inclined to moderacy ever. He had materialised out of the shadows, looming over her like a Dementor before spitting the time in her face. His iron grip upon her arm had not let up until he'd dragged her to Professor McGonagall's chambers to demonstrate how misguided the older woman's trust had been. The punishment had been a humiliating apology in front of the entire school. As headmaster, he'd stood imperiously beside her, his black eyes seeming to drink in her degradation. So why had she done it again? There wasn't an easy answer. And this admission Hermione found mortifying. She could provide little explanation beyond the desire to indulge her nebulous needs. Professor McGonagall had argued for her to be given a second chance, a tightened curfew, and she'd betrayed her trust . . . again. Hermione's heart knocked against her chest wall, as though attempting to alert her to her obvious shortcomings, reminding her of how much trouble she could be in, or perhaps it just wanted to escape while it still could. The castle, shrouded in a collar of mist, seemed more ominous as a result. Hermione took the front steps two at a time, her hand resting upon the cold brass handle as she drew a steadying breath. Her hope was that the extent of her curfew breach would ensure that everyone but Filch was asleep. She had been given her own room at the start of the year and could navigate there quickly and quietly. It had seemed like a reasonably sane plan. Until now. Hermione cracked the door open, peering into the gloom, before nudging her body slowly through the gap. She had mastered the art of creeping with Harry and Ron. Even Ron had become quite adept. Casting a silencing incantation was always an option but the way that it hollowed out the air around objects could be identifiable to a practised ear. She preferred to creep. Soundlessly, Hermione tiptoed up the stairs. She'd worked out how to cushion her footfalls to prevent scuffing against the stone such that it was muffled against even her own ear. Reaching the top, she congratulated herself on her efforts before being struck in the throat. "Don't. Move." She would have cried out if not for the shock of trying to swallow as her throat rattled like a drainpipe. She choked. "Miss Granger," a voice hissed in her ear. "You have one chance to explain yourself." What felt like a wand continued to constrict her airway. Twisting her head, she felt his breath on her face, but she could see nothing. "I . . . I'm sorry, headmaster" she rasped. "I didn't—" "Enough!" The side of his hand pressed roughly against her mouth. "You clearly consider yourself beyond reproach . . . above rules and regulations, no matter how much they have been distorted to accommodate you. Your flagrant disregard for this school, its staff and the students for whom you are supposed to be a mentor is reprehensible. I am therefore left with no option but to impose . . . the heaviest of sanctions." A bright light suddenly blinded her. She lifted her hands to shield her eyes but he grasped her wrists and slammed them against the wall. "Give me your wand." His words buffeted her face. "I can't . . . I need to reach—" "Where is it?" "My pocket." "Which . . . one." "Jeans. Back." She stiffened as he suddenly released one wrist to slip his hand behind her. He could have asked her to turn, or simply to retrieve it herself, but he didn't, seemingly determined to execute the confiscation himself. The sensation of him leaning over her, his malevolent black eyes roving her features as his fingers trailed across the denim of her buttocks, felt disturbingly claustrophobic but she didn't dare object. Suddenly he withdrew, her wand now in his hand. "What are you carrying?" Her breath caught. "It's . . . nothing." He pursed his lips with derision. "Even you are above that, Miss Granger." Using his wand, he lifted her robe aside to reveal the book clamped against her ribs. "Give it to me." "But—" He quickly relocated the wand to her throat. "You mistake me for someone who wishes to . . . negotiate." Swallowing with difficulty, Hermione reluctantly handed over the book. He didn't look at it, focusing on keeping his wand trained against her jugular. "From now on you will not be permitted to leave the school grounds for any reason. You will not be permitted correspondence with anyone outside of Hogwarts. And . . . I will be subtracting five hundred house points from Gryffindor." "What?!" "Perhaps you will look beyond your own selfish desires in the future," he sneered. "But . . . that's insane! I have returned late twice! I'm nineteen for Merlin's sake, I'm not a child!" "You suppose I haven't noticed?" Noticed? Hermione squirmed self-consciously as his gaze drifted lazily down her. He leaned in closer. "I have noticed that you have returned late five times. Not two. You fail to realise, Miss Granger. That I . . . know . . . everything." Hermione's chest ached with despair. "But you're punishing the whole of Gryffindor for my mistakes. That isn't fair." "What isn't fair," he jabbed his large nose at her, "is the fact that the student who should be most trusted in this school, who has been awarded the position of highest regard for that very reason, who should be modelling the behaviours that we expect from not only a final year, but an 'adult' in her very own words, and whom should be looking out for the best interests of both her house and her fellow students, has chosen to pursue her own interests on multiple occasions, and resulted in the largest point deduction in Hogwarts history." His voice that had been gradually swelling suddenly dropped to a whisper. "They have every reason to despise you." With a final spiteful twist of his lips, he extinguished his wand and swept away into the darkness. Hermione slid down the wall. And wept. The next day Hermione lay low. Door locked, she read, completed assignments and took a few miserable bites of the stale cauldron cakes that Mrs Weasley had sent her a week or two before. There were a few knocks on her door but she didn't answer them. She'd nearly opened it for Ginny until her friend had mentioned the point deduction and cried 'What the hell happened?' through the keyhole. She would have sought