Disclaimer: Not mine. Suzanne Collins has all the rights. I just love the characters and had to write something for them. A/N: Welcome to my contribution for the New Author's Month over at tumblr at loveinpanem . Nearly two month and 16,000 words later and I can finally present it to you. But this wouldn't have happened if for a couple of very special people, starting with the awesome ladies form LIP: thegirlfromoverthepond, akai-echo , titaniasfics and louezem . Thank you for your dedication and all the work you put in. You're doing a wonderful job. My biggest, warmest and heartfelt THANK YOU is - together with my INCREDIBLE beta honeylime08 - for my awesome mentor: the unbelievably talented, witty and wonderful xerxia31 . I loved working with you so much, and look forward to our future cooperation. :D And last but not least: to my best friend, Pez . She's not on tumblr, but she helped with this story like it was her own. I love you so much, bestie! Enough said, let's start with the story. I really hope you enjoy! Thanks for all the support! :) TUSCANY, MY LOVE "If you don't show in the next five minutes, she's gonna have a heart attack." Katniss groans, the strap of her bag constantly slipping from her shoulder. With every other step, she nearly crushes her heels with the suitcase she's pulling behind her. Damn high heels, she should have worn her sneakers. She's a fit person: she jogs, she visits the gym at least twice a week, she loves hiking. Ok, fine . She could eat a little healthier, but between jobs and her sometimes very atypical hours she can't find the time to cook as well. So it's fast food most of the time. But all in all she thinks of herself as a person with good constitution. Right now, she huffs like a railroad engine, and her feet hurt like she ran a marathon. All the while she tries to hold her cell to her ear and listen to her best friend's calm but slightly sarcastic voice. Even though she's running through a busy airport, she can hear Prim's hysterics in the background. Code Red it is. "Hey!" she puffs slightly irritated. "It's not my fault the flight got delayed." "Hey!" Madge responds immediately. "It's not my fault you didn't take yesterday's flight." Katniss rolls her eyes and is thankful her best friend can't see it. "Excuse me that my editor wanted to meet. And I'm here now, so tell her to calm down and I'll be there shortly." "Sometimes I really think you don't know your sister at all. And don't roll your eyes at me." It's freaky how Madge just knows the stuff she's doing while only listening to her. It's no surprise they're soul-sisters after all. Katniss slows to a walk. For one, she's simply out of breath and needs a break, plus the extra 30 seconds at the taxi stand won't make a difference. "Listen, Madgy," she tries again, this time without the sass. "Tell her I'm sorry. That I'm on my way and will arrive soon after lunch. That I promise the next three days are all about her. She should relax and enjoy the time with Mom and Dad and all the relatives she hasn't seen in almost two years." It's funny, she thinks, but she could swear Madge just rolled her eyes. They end their phone call just as Katniss steps out into the heat of Tuscany's summer. xXx Uncle Haymitch, her mother's older brother, was 19 when he met Evelina Trinchini, an exchange student from Italy. She was superficial, arrogant, and shamelessly flirty - or at least it seemed like it. In reality Effie, as everybody called her, was clever, witty, and generous. Loyal to a T. It was in the heat of an argument that they started their affair. It took them six months to realize they were head-over-heels in love with each other. But her exchange year was coming to an end, and before they knew it, Effie had to return to Florence. Haymitch followed her, arguing that as a writer he could work anywhere. They were like day and night, but somehow made it work. Endless arguments, fights, making up, two sons, four books, and a gorgeous estate in the Chianti valley later, and they still were madly in love. The year Katniss turned twelve her parents gave her the choice between summer camp or staying for a couple of weeks with family in Italy. Of course she made the decision to visit Italy. Dreary, old summer camp would still be there next year. It was soon discovered that Haymitch and Katniss had a very unique sort of connection. They were so similar in their behavior, their thinking, even their body language; nobody could deny they were related. From that moment on, dreary, old summer camp was never an option again. Summers were now spent in Italy. Even as a grown-up she visited frequently, spent her holidays on the tuscan estate, and learned to appreciate Uncle Haymitch's fine taste in wine and his excellence in winemaking. So when Katniss finally - finally! It's late afternoon already! - arrives at her uncle's estate and stores her suitcase and garment bag in her room, her first visit is to the wine cellar. "Sweetheart," Haymitch welcomes her with a big hug, the crinkles around his eyes showing his age but mostly his joy that she's back. "Hey, Uncle Mitch," Katniss sighs, and for the first time today feels herself relax. It feels a little bit like coming home. "Did you see Primmy, yet?" he inquires, amused, while pushing a glass of wine into her hand. The smell of her uncle's famous Chianti Classico makes her close her eyes as she takes a sip. The ruby red liquid is still her favorite. "Nah. I had the worst day, so my first stop was down here in the hopes of tasting the latest Abernathy vintage. It gets better every year." "You still know exactly what to say to make me smile. Complimenting my wine will get you everywhere." They share a grin, but it only lasts a moment before Haymitch sighs, "But it can't be helped, Kitty. Avoiding the crowd won't change a thing. Hurry up, girl! Or your sweet little sister will have a heart attack." His laughter is deep and rumbles through the cellar, the walls reverberating the sound. Katniss rolls her eyes and takes a last sip. "You're the second person to tell me that today." And with that, she presses a kiss to his cheek before going upstairs in search of her family. Effie is the first one to spot her, and the screech erupting from her aunt makes her cringe slightly. Seconds later she's once again encased in a tight hug. "My dear, dear girl! How I've missed you!" the older woman exclaims happily in her still slightly accented English, making a couple of heads turn in their direction. Katniss embraces her back, and tells herself to ignore the slightly uncomfortable feeling she gets every time someone directs attention towards her, even if it's only within the family. She loves Effie, even though she prattles constantly about fashion, designers and beauty, so Katniss forgives her for the enthusiastic greeting. It's then that the rest of the family realizes that she's finally arrived. And it's quite a crowd, starting with Prim, and her groom-to-be, Rory, her parents, Rory's parents and younger siblings, Effie as hostess with her sons, Katniss' cousins. Of course Madge and Gale are there, too, with their two beautiful daughters. Katniss adores them. The moment Effie lets go of her, Katniss has her arms full of her little sister, who's actually half a head taller than herself. "Finally!" Prim snickers. "For a moment there I thought you would pull a no-show." "Sis …" Katniss sighs over her shoulder and can't stop the eye-roll. "As if I would miss the social event of the decade." Prim's laughter sounds like tiny bells, and once again the older Everdeen realizes the effect her sister can have. She's charming, and funny, and stunning . Everything Katniss isn't. And to top everything off, she's a freakin' genius. While other kids played in kindergarten, Prim solved the most complicated puzzles. When one of the teachers discovered that the child was able to spell every word one told her, they had their answer: Prim had an IQ far above the norm. Although two years younger than Katniss herself, Prim graduated high school three years before her. Her undergrad studies were finished in a quarter of the time regular people normally needed. Medical School was finished in half the time. Residency followed, before the young woman decided to go into the teaching field of her profession. At 24 years old, Dr. Primrose Everdeen was the youngest professor to ever teach at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. When JHSM started a cooperative research program with the University of Florence, Prim was offered a 3 year contract in Italy. Having family near Florence - and Rory's job as a software engineer being flexible - they decided to move to Italy for the next few years. A squeeze to her hand brings Katniss back to the present. She starts to greet the rest of her extended family, gives hugs and listens to news before Haymitch enters with a couple of bottles of wine and announces that they should finally start with dinner, he's as hungry as a 'fucking bear ᾿. Which gets him a reprimand from Effie (" Manners, Haymitch! "). Dinner is amicable and light-hearted. Everyone has something to contribute, and conversation never stops at the table. At one point Madge excuses herself, grabs her daughters and hustles them, under huge protest and with a stern look from their father, off to bed. Prim mentions how thankful she is that one of her colleagues agreed to be part of the bridal party on short notice, and what a great help he has been the last couple of weeks. Katniss is intrigued, simply for the fact that while her little sister is amicable towards nearly everyone, she is always reluctant to give high praise. Her recognition is hard-earned. "He is wonderful," Prim gushes, before she nudges Katniss with her elbow and winks. "I'm sure the both of you will get along beautifully." And that's when Katniss' mother decides to drop the bomb. Now that she thinks about it, she's surprised it took so long. Still, it catches her off guard. A second ago she was talking quietly with Prim about the bridesmaid dresses when suddenly her mother's voice dominates the entire room. "So, where's Oliver? Will he arrive later? Or tomorrow?" While there was a constant humming of conversation in the air just a moment ago, now it's deathly silent. You could hear a pin drop. "Mom …" Katniss finally tries to answer, already feeling the pounding in her head. It's not like her family doesn't know she and Oliver are no longer together. But she didn't tell them what exactly happened either. Only Prim and Madge know the gory details. But it seems her mother isn't finished. "A couple of weeks ago, you told us you'd bring him." "Mom." Even Primrose tries to intervene now, while Mr. Everdeen tries to stop his wife with a calming hand on hers. But it seems not even her husband nor the bride-to-be have any power to stop the oncoming storm. "I'm just curious," Mrs. Everdeen continues, her eyes resting on her eldest daughter, "Six months ago we thought it would be your wedding we'd be celebrating. After all, everything was organized. And now he's not even here on time? He's going to be a groomsman, isn't he?" "Jesus Christ, Haydee!" Haymitch's angry growl suddenly fills the room, his glare directed at his sister. "She arrived an hour ago. Give the girl a fucking break!" "For heaven's