A/N: So, I've made it and can't believe it. Only took me about 4 years. ggg This is for the Tumblr February challenge "Love is ..." at loveinpanem and will most probably be a Two-Parter. The second part still needs to be finished, so no idea when that one will be published. Hopefully not in another 4 years. ;) There would be no submission if there hadn't been a couple of ladies and their support and help. So, thank you thegirlfromoverthesea for your constant cheerleading and handholding. You brought me back to wirting, I never realized how much I missed it. Thank you greetingsfromthennorthernsea for our brainstorming and all your very helpful comments. And last but not least honeylime08 for the incredible betaing. I loved all those little comments you gave at certain parts. Without you this story would be in terrible shape. ggg THANK YOU, ladies! Enough now, let's start with the story. Hope you enjoy, comments would be lovely. ;) All the best, LitLove Disclaimer : Not mine. Suzanne Collins has all the rights. I just love the characters and had to write something for them. COUNTING ON LOVE Part 1 Numbers were her thing. Ever since her first lesson in mathematics back when she started school at the tender age of 6, Katniss loved to solve equations. She added, substracted, multiplied and divided. She draw graphs, she solved page long math riddles. She loved numbers. And even though there were people out there who thought it boring and stupefying, Katniss also loved being an accountant. Oh, and she was good at it. It was fulfilling for her to know every aspect of her clients company, to know its monthly debits and credits to the T, to have the books clean and correct and always up to date. No matter how chaotic or unorganised a new client was whenever they sought out her company's help, Katniss made sure the books were up and running within a short matter of time. Tax authorities loved to work with her, always breathed a sigh of relief when they read her name as responsible for the account of the company they were reviewing. So it took her by surprise when on Tuesday afternoon (she remembered it being a Tuesday because she had a burrito for lunch, and Tuesday was burrito-day in the cafeteria) her supervisor knocked on her office door and introduced her to her newest client. And in stepped the most handsome man Katniss ever had laid eyes on. She had no client meetings scheduled for that afternoon. Therefore she was fully aware of the orange spot on her white blouse left by the lunch-burrito, her messy hair hurriedly plaited into a braid over her shoulder, her slightly crooked glasses, and her heels unceremoniously abandoned on the other side of her desk. Katniss jumped to her feet, simultaniously dripping some coffee on her now ruined blouse from the mug she held in her hand. "Katniss," Leonard Boggs adressed her, an amused smirk playing around his mouth, "this is Peeta Mellark, our newest client. Mr. Mellark, this is Ms. Katniss Everdeen. She'll be responsible for your account. If you have any questions, please simply contact her." The blond man stepped forward, his right hand outstreched. A huge smile was plastered on his face, and his eyes shone like two sparkling sapphires. Katniss felt like her coffee mug was the only thing holding her up. It was an automatic reaction to stretch out her arm as well and take her newest client's hand to shake. As soon as their hands touched it felt like an electrical jolt floated from her fingers through her arms and all the way down to her toes. "Nice to meet you, Ms. Everdeen." The sound of his voice made her skin break out in goose bumps. It was velvety, masculine, rich ... perfect . Only a few moments later - their hands still clasped and lightly shaking - she remembered that she still had to reply. "Likewise," she blurted out, with the hint of a nervous squeak at the end. Never before did Katniss wish to be more articulate and charming. She felt like the most awkward person to ever walk the face of the earth. "Well," Boggs interrupted, "I'll let you two get started. Goodbye, Mr. Mellark. Katniss." And off he was, leaving her behind with a man who made her knees weak and her voice shake. This was going to be very interessing. xXx It became regularity. Every other Tuesday, promptly at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, Peeta Mellark stood in her office doorway. He always had a folder with him, and a bag labeled " Mellark's Bakery & Bistro " containing something mouthwatering in his hand. It started at their third meeting with Mellark's famous cheese buns and hadn't stopped since. She was in carb heaven , so to speak. And he smiled. Like, all the time. The worst thing about it: She already had categories for each of his different smiles. His 'welcome-smile' when he entered her office and gave her the paper bag with the goodies. The 'appreciation-smile,' together with a slight nod, when he didn't understand something about the bookkeeping she tried to explain. The 'half-smile-half-smirk' whenever she got flustered – which for some reason happened in abundance – and started to ramble before shutting up completely. And her favorite one: his 'smile-after-laughing-out-loud.' Katniss knew she wasn't the funniest person around, most of time more stoic and pragmatic than anything else. But when he was around sometimes a joke slipped out, or a clever comment, or a funny remark. Normally her own smile was hard earned. Only her closest family and friends had the privilege of seeing her smile regularly. Now Peeta Mellark seemed to be the exception to the rule. To every rule. It took her five meetings to admit (if only to herself) that he was charming, funny and considerate, that she liked spending time with him, and that the two hours every other Tuesday quickly became her favorite days of the month. More than once they drifted off to topics which had nothing to do with the bookkeeping of the bakery. They talked about their hobbies, the books they both had read, movies they had seen, cities and countries they had visited. They talked about family, and holidays, and can you believe Carrie Fisher is dead? . Peeta was friendly and open, showing a confidence when it came to his life and work. Katniss wished she had a little bit more of that, too. You could feel the love he felt for the work he did. It wasn't simply an occupation for him, it was his calling. And still, when it came to other areas he seemed almost shy and reserved. Not once had he mentioned his parents, only that he was the one of the three brothers who inherited the bakery from them. He talked of his cousin Delly (she did the books before Katniss took over) or his brothers Bannock and Rye (the older was investment banker, the middle brother a retired football player turned sports commentator). At one point - she couldn't remember how they came to talk about it - he even told her about a girlfriend in college, but from the tone he used and his whole posture she could tell it didn't end on good terms. Not that she was an expert. She's only had two relationships longer than five dates, and one had been in High School. It took Gale and her three months to realize that their dates consisted of them doing the same stuff as when they were friends, only with the occasional kiss in between (which wasn't that thrilling to begin with). They ended it and returned to being best friends, before he realized that he actually was in love with her other best friend. They were married now. Katniss' other serious relationship happened in college and was at least a little more serious. It lasted two years, but when Eddie got a job offer overseas, they decided to end it. Both of them knew they weren't made for long distance relationships. But back to the topic, while Peeta was confident and open when it came to his profession and his everyday life, he was coy and cautious about his feelings and private affairs. Which didn't make him any less attractive in her eyes. At meeting No. 7, she realized that she subconsciously started to dress more feminine, took more care when it came to her make-up and hair, and never ate another Tuesday-burrito in the cafeteria again. That day Peeta smiled bashfully, his hand rubbing over his neck and told her, "I really like the blouse you wear. It … it brings yo-your eyes out very prettily." Even his stumbling over words was endearing. Right before their 8th meeting, she caught herself fantasizing about the way his lips would feel on her own, and only got interrupted when he knocked on her office door. For the remainder of their appointment a faint blush was visible on her cheeks. Today was the Tuesday of their 10th consultation and Katniss was quite proud of herself. She hadn't blushed once, her voice was steady, her tone and posture friendly. She was professional but didn't come across as her ' cold, stone-hearted working-bitch '-self (Johanna's words, not her's). Unfortunately it was already time to end their meeting and with a heavy heart Katniss prepared herself to say goodbye to him for yet another two weeks. They moved to her office door, Peeta two steps in front of her, when he suddenly stopped and turned around abruptly. It was only thanks to her fast reflexes that she didn't run into him full force. "Sorry," he apologized, "I just need to ask, or else I'm wondering yet for another two weeks …" He drifted off, suddenly turning quiet and a little flustered. It was so untypical for him, Katniss wasn't used to him being self-conscious, and therefore she completely missed his next words. "Pardon?" All the before mentioned steadiness in her voice was gone. "Oh, well … you … and it felt like … oh, man! … I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said anything. Just … just forget I ever mentioned anything, ok?" "NO!" she nearly screamed, it even startled him a little. Taking a deep breath she continued, calmer but no less eager, "No, please. I just … what were you saying?" Peeta didn't look convinced, but the pleading in her voice probably persuaded him to repeat his sentence. "Would you consider … helping out at our annual charity bake sale?" " Of course ! … Wait, what?" Her eyes must've looked like saucers. Peeta started to twist his fingers, nearly stumbling over his words. "Mellark's Annual Charity Bake Sale. It's Saturday. In a week. So ... not the one coming up, but the one after. You're ... your're so good with numbers, like ... perfect ! I-I mean, you could do the register. Because you're awesome with numbers. I mean, you're not only awesome with numbers. You're like ... always awesome. ... Oh man, this is ... It would be great if you could join me- eh us ! If you could join us ! With your skills it will be a walk in the park. Please? I mean, there's even free baked goods for our volunteers?" When he looked up - a slight blush on his cheeks - he seemed so hopeful that not a single cell in her body would have been able to say no in that moment. Half sad, half happy she accepted. Only after saying goodbye, his face showing a big smile, and closing her office door behind him, Katniss realized how very disappointed she felt that she had agreed to volunteer at his charity event when instead she would have happily agreed to go on a date with him. xXx "You're such a loser! Why don't