A/N Hello Beautiful People, This is my first chapter of my first story ever so please review and let me know what you think so far. I'm currently working on chapter 2 and hoping to get it out by the end of the weekend. This story has been playing on my mind for years now and it so exciting to be able to officially publish it on here. Please read and enjoy, I'm also on the look out for some good critical betas so if you fancy proof reading my chapters before I publish them and giving me some advice on improvement and spell checking, grammar etc. please PM me. thanks xxx DISCLAIMER: All recognized characters are the property of Stephanie Meyer no copyright has been intended, I just like to play around with them a little Bleep…Bleep ...Bleep The heart has now stopped beating; I have managed to divert his blood into the bypass machine for pumping. "Number 11 scalpel please" I say to the nurse slightly muffled by my surgical face mask. "There you go Doctor" "Thank you" I make a small cut in the aorta, under the watchful eye of Dr Morgan; I gently remove the diseased segment of the valve. I look at it closely noticing the severity of the damage, a week longer and this man's heart would have stopped pumping altogether. Marcus Studley 56, is your average American, hardworking, tax paying citizen, who had been rushed to the hospital 3 days ago with acute Angina, chest pains, caused by the restriction of blood supply to the heart muscle. He has a wife and 3 kids one of which is heading off to college next year, the first in his family I remember him telling me. "Cross clamp please, and have the artificial valve prepped and ready for installation". Three hours later I head out to the waiting room along with attending cardio thoracic surgeon Dr Morgan, my mentor, to tell Marcus's wife Lorraine the news. She spots us immediately and rushes towards us desperate for us to tell her what she wants to hear. I quickly ask Dr Morgan, "Do you want to tell her or should I?" "You can do it" he replies. I turn to Lorraine with a smile, "Hi Lorraine, Marcus surgery was a success. We were able to remove the damaged valve and replace it with the artificial one without any complications. He should wake up from the anesthetic within a couple of hours, we are positive he will make a full recovery". "Thank you, thank you so much doctor" she gasps between sobs of joy. She then suddenly launches at me and wraps her arms around me. As she embraces me I'm hit with the sound of her thoughts and instantly feel her relief " I need to call the kids, let them know his OK, thank god". I smiled to myself happy to be giving someone some good news. I can't help but laugh a little nervously and hug her back. "Your welcome", I whisper. Ever since I could remember I've been able to hear the thoughts of people around me. It's like my mind is a satellite that can pick up signals from other peoples mind which then transmits exactly what they are thinking or seeing or sometimes if there not thinking or seeing anything in particular I pick up there on their emotions and I'm hit with it all at once as if it's my very own thoughts or happiness, sadness, anger and everything in between. That old expression people use when they're daydreaming about being a million miles away, well I can be right there with them and they don't even know it. Luckily my mother and grandmother had the 'hearing gift' too as they like to call, but it disappears once you give birth to your first daughter. It's been passed down from generation to generation all the way back to our African ancestors. My mother helped me to control my gift, how to focus my mind to block out the voices by imagining a metal mental shield encasing my brain, so as not to become too overwhelm by the thoughts of those around me and over the years I've managed, with great difficulty, to do it. It gets tricky at times when you answer a question someone is thinking and not actual saying, or when you hear what you fifth year school teachers husband got up to with her best friend while she's been at work. The majority of the time I try not to listen in on people's thoughts as they are the only thing in the world that is truly theirs but from time to time the intensity of some ones thoughts or even physical contact with someone will just break down my resolve. Moving to Chicago after 5 years of surgical residency in Washington was a big step for me one which I wasn't too sure was the right decision. New city, new hospital, new job, new thoughts I had just started to feel at home in Washington but when the opportunity arose for me to take up my fellowship with none other than Dr Christian Morgan, one the world's most renowned heart surgeons, it simply would have been foolish not to accept. So here I am, attempting to claim back my body from Lorraine's embrace, she finally releases me and I point her in the direction of the nurse who will take her up to see her husband. "Your reputation really does precede you Dr Swan" Dr Morgan says, as we begin to walk back down the corridor. "You have quite a talent; I shall look forward to seeing more of your potential. But for now you should head on home, I'll see you on Monday". "Thank you Dr Morgan, see you on Monday" I reply, as he turns and heads for the stairs to his office. I've been living in Chicago for nearly a month now and I still can't get over how cool my boss is, he is a little quirky at times almost in a mad professor sort of way, with short curly grey hair and round circle glasses, but shadowing him for these past few weeks has given me such a great insight into his bizarre yet ingenious ways. I decide to head up to the doctors' suite and changing rooms and get ready to go home. As I enter the room a small group of doctors are gathered around the flat screen TV on the wall, watching what looks like the weather report, I head over and watch. "…with temperatures due to drop below freezing tonight making driving conditions a little treacherous , as you can see this area of snow will be working its way and gradually expanding with heavy snow in some places…" says the weatherman, great. Unfortunately Chicago isn't known for having bearable weather conditions and in this case winter is definitely not an exception. I make my way to the changing rooms and open my locker; a quick check of my phone tells me I have a text from my flat mate Alice Going to the parents' house for the weekend, will be back Sunday night xx P.S. Don't forget to let Barney in, thanks. I smile and roll my eyes at my flat mate and her bloody cat. Before leaving Washington there was the small problem of having somewhere to live here in Chicago, I remember fondly on one of my visits to the hospital how I came to meet Alice. I noticed a bulletin board with a flyer attached advertising for a roommate; I took down the number and called. "Hello" answered the voice at the other end "Hi, is that Alice Brandon?" I said nervously "Yes, who's this?" replied Alice "Erm, my name is Bella, Bella Swan I'm calling about the advertisement for a flatmate" I said trying to sound confident "Wow cool accent, are you British?" she asks. If I had a dollar or a pound for every time someone asked me that I swear I'd have enough money for an early retirement. "Err yes, I am. So I saw your flyer on the bulletin board at Chicago Memorial Hospital and was just wondering whether you still needed a roommate?" "I do, do you work at the hospital?" "I will be, yes, I should be starting my fellowship in a couple of weeks. I'm assuming you work here too?" "Yea I'm a pediatric nurse there, I don't suppose you like cats?" I met with Alice the next day outside a coffee shop, and was surprised by how well we got on. Alice has an exciting energy about her that tends to draw you in, with her pale skin, deep brown eyes and trendy brunette bob and amazing fashion sense. We talked for hours about the ups and downs of all things hospital, my (amazing) British accent and of course Barney her ginger cat. I listen in on her mind to see what she thought of me, "well she doesn't seem like an axe murderer…she's actually pretty cool for a doctor some of them can be such dicks….. she looks just like that Kerry Washington from Scandal… god I love that show, I'll have to remember to tivo it later…..I've got a feeling we're gonna be best friends" then Alice started picturing me at her wedding walking in front of her down the aisle as her maid of honor. I smile at the memory. I quickly send Alice a reply, hoping she has a good weekend and telling her not to worry, I won't forget about Barney. I take off my scrubs and get changed into my regular clothes and boots; I grab my coat and bag and make my way out the door. As I walk towards the elevator I wrestle with my hat and gloves dreading the 8 blocks I'll have to walk to get home. The elevator dings open and out comes Angela one of the scrub nurses that was with me in the O.R earlier. "Hey Bella, heading home" she asks stepping out of the elevator. Angela was one of the first people I met on my first shift at Chicago Memorial; she is such a genuinely sweet person, with kind and positive thoughts which is quite rarity for most people who work long and demanding hours in hospitals. She was able to help me locate where everything was in this huge maze of a hospital, unlike my fellow colleagues who all just grunted impatiently at me, I was very grateful for her being there in those first few shifts. "Hey Ang, yea I am. How's Mr Studley doing? "His still asleep at the moment, I told his wife to head home as she looked like she hadn't slept in days, we'll call her if there are any changes" "Thank you, Ang. You were brilliant in there tonight" I told her, she blushed "Oh it was nothing, you did all the hard work" I laugh a little "I think the hard work starts now" I said pointing to the window "trying to make my way home through all this. "Well, you be careful Bella, I hear it's going to get worse overnight" she says also glancing out the window. "Hey Ang, have you got those blood result back yet?" asks one of the other nurses. "Yea its right here Wendy, anyway Bella you have a goodnight" she say walking over to a stressful looking Wendy. "You too Ang" I call back, pressing the button for the elevator. I wrap my coat tighter around me as I leave the elevator and head through the lobby out in the bitterly cold early November snow. My boots hit the slush filled sidewalks, the snow steadily swirling around as I cross the street on to Franklin Avenue. You would think being a doctor means you have loads of money, well that's definitely one of the biggest misconceptions