A/N: This story was written as part of the Quills and Parchment Under the Mistletoe Challenge. I highly recommend reading all entries over at AO3. Prompt was provided by FeistyKitten2001 and even though prompt creators were anonymous until voting ended, I wanted to give her props and credit for birthing this beautiful brain child of an idea for me to create under. It truly was an honor and a joy. Also, this story is rated M due to sexual content and situations and adult language. So, keep that in mind. Reader discretion advised. ;) Disclaimer: All canon characters, plots and situations from the Harry Potter series belong to JK Rowling. I make no profit from this story. Beta Love: Words can not express the gratitude I have for ErisAceso and her support and beta skills on this baby! She was an amazing cheerleader and tolerated my anxiety and annoyance while we worked on this story. So much love for her! Stop the World and Melt With You December 24 1996 Sirius Black was annoyed. Not because he was cooped up in Grimmauld Place like a prisoner after his no-good cousin tried to hex him through the veil. No, he was irritated that he seemed to be the only one not blind to the sexual tension brewing between his best mate and Tonks. Merlin, either they were both dense, or both stubborn prats and he knew better than to accuse either of the former. He'd just take matters into his own hands. His plan would kill two pixies with one stone. He could stop this madness while keeping his mind busy with mischief. Nothing soothed the wizard quite like the business of a good prank. As people arrived Sirius was feeling the pride in his idea grow. By the time they arrived Remus Lupin and Nymphadora Tonks refused to make eye contact with one another. The animagus smirked to himself; this was going to be fun. "If everyone doesn't sit down soon, this dinner's going to eat itself." Mrs. Weasley noticed the twins perk up with quips on their lips. "No, don't even start. Let's go people, it's Christmas. I didn't slave all day to eat alone. The best part is your faces when you enjoy my cooking. Get. In. Here." The Weasley matriarch shuffled back into the dining room, setting the table loudly. As everyone filed in after her, Sirius hung back with his glass of firewhisky, using a refill as his excuse to linger. "Hey, Moons. Could I get you a nip?" Remus turned on his heel and joined his friend with a nod, feeding into Sirius' plan perfectly. He caught his cousin sneaking a glance at the werewolf's backside under the impression she was without audience, gears visibly turning in her head. "Count me in too, cousin, and make it a double." Sirius smirked at her moxy, pulling out two simple pewter steins. He poured the drink, handing them their mugs before toasting. With raised brows they clinked mugs against his glass tumbler. "Cheers, mates." Sirius winked, raising his whisky to his lips, eyeing them mischievously while they followed suit. Taking his drink, Remus looked at Sirius skeptically. Clearly he was up to something and as they locked eyes with him, Sirius winked again, before disappearing as a familiar pull took Remus from where he stood. OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoO Getting her bearings Tonks took in her surroundings. What the fuck was her cousin up to now? Was he taking the piss? She was in an unfamiliar living room, but as she studied the space it looked to be a cabin. The pieces fell into place, and words left her mouth as she heard his join in an echo. "That man deserves a hex to the face for this." " I'm hexing the face off my cousin the next time I-" "Oh. This is rich. What's going on here, Nymphadora?" "Fuck if I know, Remus. Lose the accusatory tone, would you? Do you truly believe this was my bloody idea?! You've asked me to leave you be - I did. You've made up your mind. I am not some doe-eyed school girl following you around like some puppy. If you want a canine shadow I know exactly where I can direct your proud, stubborn arse-" "It was a question. Breathe, girl. I wasn't insinuating-" " Girl!? " As she responded with fury, her hair flickered from pink to purple like an violet flame and she turned on the spot, looking around while attempting to calm herself with a deep breath. "Tonks, I meant nothing by it. The steins were portkeys." He squatted down to examine the object in question, reaching for his wand he found it missing. " Oh, what an arsehole. Do you have your wand?" " Of course I … no. FUCK! I'm going to kill him. " Just then she saw parchment on the small table. Happy Christmas, mates! Consider this my present to you both this year. I know, I shouldn't have, right? I'm ever so generous. I've taken it upon myself to whisk you both away for a romantic holiday to figure yourselves out. You'll return at the start of the year so I urge you both to make the best of this gift. The cabin is stocked with all you could need with the exception of an exit. The moon isn't due for two weeks and both of your work duties are covered, so there is nowhere either of you need to be. Have fun! Cheers! S.O.B. "S.O.B. is right. He's a right prat." As she handed him the letter, she did her due diligence finding an exit, with no luck. "Well, it looks like we're staying," Remus said with a sigh. "Yup. Get comfortable, Lupin. This should be nice and awkward." She kicked off her boots, grabbed the knit blanket off the couch, wrapping it around herself as she perused a small bookshelf in the corner. Grabbing a deck of cards she found there, she flopped onto the rug and played a game of solitaire, scowling at herself. This was perfect. Not only had she fallen for her cousin's best mate, but she'd humiliated herself when confessing her feelings. Fast forward to now and her meddling relative trapped her with the one man she would like to avoid. The way he made her stomach flop and her heart ache was unbearable and she had planned to stay away from him until those feelings faded away. One lapse in judgement -she had to ask for a drink - and she was in this mess. She knew his excuses were bullshite, but she refused to make a fool of herself by caving and risk being wrong. She couldn't bare a second rejection. If he wanted her, he would grow a pair and make the next move. Remus sat on the couch doing his best impression of someone engrossed in a book as he held it in front of him, simply staring. It could have been upside down and he wouldn't have noticed as his mind was preoccupied with his racing thoughts. He couldn't be here right now, with her. It took all he could to fight being drawn to her like a magnet whenever they were even in the same vicinity. Now there was no other distractions, nothing to numb out his feelings, to avoid giving in and going to her. She was beautiful. She was perfect and he was drawn to her like a moth to a flame. How she felt the same way he would never comprehend. He was all she wasn't. Old. Broken. Poor. Infected . How selfish it would be to give in to his own urges and burden her with all that came with loving a werewolf. She deserved better. His restraint and pain would be worth it, if it meant she would be happy. Happy, whole, young and beautiful, with someone with the same qualities that could give her the life she deserved. He couldn't get that lucky and even if he gave into temptation, he would just be waiting for the bottom to drop out. He lifted his eyes off his page to see her glancing at him. They averted their gaze as crimson colored their cheeks at being caught. The rest of the night went without incident and after several rounds of solitaire, the witch looked up to see a snoring werewolf with his book in his lap. The fire had gone out over an hour ago, so she removed the blanket from her shoulders and laid it over him. Her heartbeat quickened as her fingertips grazed him. He was a work of art and he was clueless about it. How could someone so wise be so stupid? How could someone with such heightened intuition be so blind? She stole one more glance and then made her way up the ladder to the loft, curled under the covers and melted into bed. The next morning was Christmas and much to their dismay, not a dream. Tonks made her way down the ladder to fix herself something to eat. In all the chaos she had forgotten to eat. Remus must have had the same idea, as the kettle was on, fragrant food was cooking, and he was focused on the two skillets in front of him. She closed her eyes as she took in the scent as her stomach responded to the sausage and eggs and exhaled loudly out of bliss. Hearing her enter his space Remus turned. "Good morning. Merry Christmas. Now, this isn't quite a full breakfast but it should do. It's nearly ready, do you mind trying to find some plates and setting the table?" "Not at all." She nearly bounced to the cabinets. No matter how irritated this situation was, the hunger she felt propelled her and the prospect of a meal left her giddy. She almost forgot they were trapped. Trapped. As she crossed behind Remus she felt stuck in place behind him. Feeling the magic surround him he turned on the spot with barely enough room between them to do so. Both puzzled they realized the issue in perfect sync and looked up. Sirius Black was a dead man. Enchanted mistletoe?! "You've got to be kidding me," they both said in unison, eyes widening at one another. This was the second time they had finished each other's thoughts since being here. "I have to tend the food. It'll burn." "Then kiss me," she said simply. At his arched brow, she felt compelled to continue. "It may get us out of here, and you know it. Hurry up now, I'm starved. The sooner we do this the sooner we eat," she finished with a huff. He eyed her, taking her in. His dreams were filled with similar moments that had him waking up to curse himself for wishing for something he could never act on. Now, here, he was without a choice. His eyes shifted left and right as they met hers, suddenly anxious. "Oh, for the love of Merlin," the witch sighed, exasperated as she lifted up, grabbing his face with both hands and kissed him. Fuck, this was a move, she thought. This was exactly what she didn't want to do, but as quickly as that thought floated in, it floated away as she slackened into him. Her right hand seemed to have a mind of its own as it snaked around behind his head holding him to her. He responded in an instant grabbing her waist and pulling her body into his as he took in the scent and feel of her. Everywhere they connected seemed to be ablaze as he sounded a soft moan in the back of his throat. Fuck, he thought. He didn't think he'd ever be able to let her go. Just as he thought he would be in this moment forever, she broke the kiss, leaning back, searching his eyes for something. They exhaled as he