Nico This was it. I was really going to do it. I sucked in a deep breath of air as I gazed at the unoffending door in front of me. It was possibly the most terrifying thing I had ever seen – and I'm not one to say that lightly; I've seen some pretty freaky-ass shit. I shuddered as air burst its way from my lungs in a long gasp. My heart was beating so loudly I was almost certain that the boy on the other side of the door would hear it. Wringing my hands together, I closed my eyes in an attempt to quieten my racing thoughts. I could do this. I had promised myself, I'd promised that if we got out of this alive that I'd tell him. We would probably die soon anyway, and then it wouldn't even matter. I had to. Because if I didn't do it now, I never would. Holding this thought at the forefront of my mind, with the wish that is would give me the strength to do what needed to be done, I raised a heavy hand, and knocked. The sound seemed to reverberate around the darkly lit hallway, far louder than necessary, and my eyes instantly darted to the side, checking shadow lurkers. For the longest time, there was no response. Well, that was it then. How unfortunate. I'd have to try again tomorrow. Or not. I stepped back, shoving my hands deep into the pockets of my jacket, ready to disappear back into the darkness from whence I came. The crow's nest really was rather comfortable, and I was quite looking forward to getting back to it. Just sleep off this short bout of madness – that's what I need- This thought pattern was cut off by the door creaking outwards, a sliver of light falling at my feet, glancing off the sword that hung from my waist. I wasn't sure why I'd brought it. It's not like Percy was going to pull a knife on me after I made my confession. Hopefully. It was more of a good luck charm, a safety blanket. Most people had teddies; I had a sword. Basically, that was the entire story of my upbringing. 'Nico? Whattcha doing here?' The sleepy voice broke into my thoughts, shattering all sense of control I had managed to retain. Oh Gods, I was going to faint, or throw up, or something. I couldn't do this. I couldn't. But I have to. I had to let him know. I couldn't cope with the constant tension between us. He thought I loved Annabeth, and I knew he felt sorry for me. I had no idea if Percy being aware of my feelings for him would be any better, but I had to hope. If I didn't have hope, I didn't have anything. I clenched my fists in their pockets, biting my lip, working up the courage to raise my gaze. It travelled to the open doorway, to bare feet, up tanned legs, past dark shorts hanging just a little too low on his waist, over his naked chest, the leather cord resting in the hollow of his neck, to rest on his face. Oh Gods, he's so fucking attractive. Sea green eyes looked curiously at me through the receding haze of sleep. His hair was adorably sleep-tousled, pillow creases marking his cheek in an odd tattoo. I felt a bolt of heat burn through my body, and had to work hard to keep my blush under control. So much bare skin was not doing good things to my sanity. I couldn't help but admire his chiselled chest, sun tanned and crisscrossed with raised white scars, much like my own. His bronzed skin glinted in the low light, muscles rippling beneath sinewy flesh. Percy wasn't super muscular, like Frank, but he wasn't as weedy as Leo. He was a happy medium, skinny but toned, bulky in all the right places, but not overtly so. The line of his hip bones formed a 'v' shape, drawing the eye downwards, to where his shorts hung precariously on his hips, as though if he moved too rapidly, they might … just … slip off. I batted this train of thought away. Nothing good could come of it, and I needed composure if I was going to carry through with what I intended. Yeah, composure. I'd be getting so much of that while faced with this vision in front of me. The vision in question was looking at me expectantly, and I remembered suddenly that 'Whattcha doing here?' wasn't a rhetorical question. Pinning my gaze to the floor, I began to study the oh-so-interesting patterns of metals rivets which danced their way across it. Withdrawing my hands from their pocketed safety, I began to pull at the drawstring tie of the hoodie I wore under my jacket. 'It's, ah, it's nothing much really, I just wanted to talk. But it's not that important. I can come back later. Yeah. Yeah that might be good, I'll come back later.' As I stumbled my way through what hopefully formed a cohesive sentence, I started to edge backwards. However, my escape attempt was hacked off at the knees by the almighty kindness of Mr Perseus Jackson himself. He stepped further from the doorway, closer to where I awkwardly loitered, running a strong hand through his dark hair. 'It's obviously not nothing.' he replied, concerned in both speech and expression. 'You wouldn't have woken me up in the middle of the night unless it wasn't something serious. What's happened? Have we been attacked? Has the ship broken again?' Now that was where he was wrong. Shit, if I'd know he looked this adorable when he woke up, I'd be inventing at least a crisis a night. I mean, it would be too hard to hire a rock giant or five to throw boulders at us. And heck, it might mean being killed or mortally wounded, but for this … let's just say it would be worth it. Well not this specifically. Yes, I'd still be cool with maiming, but for an entirely different reason. At the moment I was ready to start willing the ground to swallow me up - and when you're a child of Hades that takes on whole new dimensions. My voice was shaky as I answered, and I hoped to Gods he wouldn't noticed. 'Well, no, it's … um, it is something.' Yes, duh, Di Angelo, of course it's something . Spit it out, you fucking idiot. 'But – but nothing super-serious. The ship … it's fine, and no-one's dead, well, uh, as far as I know anyway …' I looked up to find those deep eyes regarding me curiously, drawing me in, urging me to tell the truth. Locking our gazes, I forced myself to stay balanced as I replied. 'This is – this is something personal. But I just … really need to tell you about it.' He softened as he heard my words, a small sigh escaping his lips. 'Man, it's been a while since I've heard the likes of that from you. I thought you'd grown u too much to need my advice.' I wanted so badly to tell him that wasn't it; I trusted him and respected him as much as I ever had, more so even. And that was the problem. I couldn't be in his presence without a physical pain stabbing through me, a reminder of the fact that we could never be together, that I had no chance for a future with him and it would be best to accept that now. That I couldn't know that and act like I always had around him, and that's why I avoided him. And I could. Once I had made my confession I could tell him all of this. I could make him realise that I didn't hate him; quite the opposite, in fact. That he needn't be wary about leaving Annabeth and I alone – in fact, apart from one of the girls, I would be the best person to lock in a room with her. Heck, we might come to blows over who was more in love with him, but I would never actually hurt her. Though, unfortunately, the same couldn't be said for my battling counterpart. Percy had stepped to the side, propping the door open with one arm while the other hand hooked into his waistband, pushing those short to all new levels of precariousness. I couldn't quite say if I was happy about this or not. He was watching me with interest, and I decided I had demonstrated more than enough of my 'standing around like a drunken goldfish' act. I quickly stepped forward, gaining confidence with each stride. Admittedly, there was a small voice inside my head screaming at me that I was going the wrong way, that I should turn around and get the hell out of here now, but I just ignored it. I was getting pretty good at that. It was only as I stood directly before the doorway that I realised in order to get inside the room, I had to duck under Percy's very attractive, very unclothed, arm. Forcing myself to do so without visibly reacting was harder than it sounded – the top of my head brushed against his elbow, even as my arm rubbed past his chest. My bare hand brushed over his flat stomach, and I could feel the hyperventilation beginning to set in. I touched him. I touched him. Oh Gods. Unsure whether to laugh, or cry hysterically, I settled for swiftly travelling to a darkened corner on the other side of the room, as far away from Percy as I possibly could, and then proceeded to pretend that the last minute had never occurred. I wonder what it would have felt like if I did have my jacket or my jumper on. My bare shoulder, rubbing across his chest … or better yet, if I was completely shirtless. His bare flesh on mine … the heat as our bodies collided, chests flush against one another and chins bumping as I tilted my face upwards, just enough that our lips could – No. Get a fucking hold of yourself Di Angelo. Now is not the time, or the place. Indulge in your perverted little fantasies when you aren't in the presence of their lead role. Percy was closing the door as I looked up, and I was intensely relieved that he therefore didn't witness the blush which bloomed across my cheeks as I battled back all thoughts of my daydreams. I watched intently as he turned back, all golden skin and dark hair and sea-green eyes. Pulling my gaze away, I glanced around at the room. It was pretty much exactly the same as Hazel's – though somewhat bigger. A bed pushed against one wall, a desk against another. Portholes rang along the right side, situated so that I could see straight out of them, but Percy would have to bend a little. An armchair sat near the desk, and a footlocker rested at the bed end. Same old, same old. But everything else was distinctly Percy; from the piles of clothes strewn across the floor, enough for at least the past week, to the battered old shield that lay across his desk, depicting scenes of Annabeth, Grover, Tyson and Percy himself during the quest for the golden fleece. A green and blue glowing anemone-thing 'blooped' in the corner, tentacles waving. I baulked a little as I realised what stood next to it: a three inch high figurine of Hades. I recognised it, of course I did. I'd given him the fucking thing. Hades mythomagic statue, His most recent set of clothes lay bundled at the end of the bed, Riptide resting across them, and I found myself wishing he'd put some on. Absurd, I know, but I needed to be