Hey so yeah, I've decided to venture into the wonderful, magical world of Harry Potter fanfiction! Before anyone says anything, I know that technically electronic muggle stuff isn't supposed to work at Hogwarts or anywhere near magical properties. But considering this is AU! with no Voldy and just some good old fashioned fun, I came back with a pretty dumb excuse for it and I'm running with it! Also, this is following the years that the MOVIES came out, but following moreso the book characters, so timeline is in the 2000s, characters are their book personalities. All good? All good. Hope you enjoy my fellow Potterheads! XXXXXX "Harry Potter, get back here this instance!" "Ron, run!" The boys howled with laughter, sliding around the corner and sprinted down the corridor. Students dove out of the way or were shoved as Harry and Ron ran past, the Gryffindors laughing and cheering on the resident troublemakers. And rounding the corner behind them was none other than a very pissed off Ginny Weasley. Most just moved out of the way for the girl as she tore down the hall, the pleats of her skirt flying up and as one unfortunate Hufflepuff boy found out after wolf-whistling, her Bat-Bogey hex really was as powerful as everyone described. "The bloody hell did you do to her?" Ron gasped out as they jumped down the last two steps onto the landing of the fourth-floor corridor. "I may have set off one of Fred and George's dung bombs under the bench her and Dean were snogging on." Ron snorted out a laugh as they rounded another corner and stopped dead. Hermione stood with her arms crossed, one eyebrow raised and her hip cocked as she observed her two best friends. They looked like they always did, with Harry ready to swoon any female in a twenty-foot radius, Ron not that far behind him. "Gin's going to kill you two, you know that right?" "Precisely why we're running away, so if you'll excuse us." Harry attempted to step around her but was stopped by her grabbing him by the collar of his shirt and tossing him back to Ron. "C'mon Hermione, don't you like having us around? We keep things interesting." "Dangerous." "We entertain everyone." "Annoy most of the student body." "We're good-looking." "Only in certain lighting." Harry and Ron glanced nervously over their shoulders as shouts and footsteps echoed through the staircase. They quickly turned back to Hermione, a self-satisfied smirk on her face. "On three." Harry said, looking at Ron. "Don't you to dare." She pointed her finger at them, eyes narrowing. "One." A wicked grin was exchanged. "Two." "I'm warning you…" "Three!" They took off together, quickly ducking around her hands and sprinted down the corridor. Harry loosened his tie, gasping for breath and sucking wind. "You can't run forever you arsehole!" Ginny yelled, aiming her wand at the two. "C'mon, we just gotta…" "Petrificus totalis!" Both boys glanced over their shoulders much too late, the jinxes flying at them too fast. Before they could duck, they hit and their bodies froze up mid-stride. They wobbled for a second before collapsing, both internally groaning as laughter filled the hall. Several thunderous footsteps echoed and inside, Harry was sweating. He honestly didn't mean for Ginny to get the full impact of the dung bomb, he just meant for it to roll behind Dean, go off, and they'd have to relocate instead of basically fucking in the middle of the quad. Of course, Ron had sidled up and distracted him enough for his aim to be off, the dung bomb landing right smack dab in between the couple before going off. Soon, he was flipped over and the hex was removed, allowing him to breath as he came face to face with the youngest Weasley. Her face was nearly as red as her hair, her beautiful chocolate brown eyes narrowed into slits, and her hair all sorts of messy from running. "Oh hey there Gin, enjoying the lovely weather we're having?" He asked nervously, Ron scooting away from him. "You, shut up." She pointed the dangerous wooden baton at Harry, noticing Ron trying to make an escape. "Don't you move either you jackass." Ginny growled, briefly flicking her wand to her older brother. Hermione stood behind her in amusement, stifling her laughter at her best friends' expenses. "Now Potter, would you mind explaining how a dung bomb ended up under my bench?" She asked, cocking an eyebrow. "You sure it wasn't Fred and George? You know how much they love to mess with you and Dean." He offered, grinning a bit. "They weren't in the quad, they're in detention with McGonagall for using their Nosebleed Nougatts to get out of Transfiguration, nice try though." She sneered. Well shit, Harry thought and quickly began thinking of an answer. The proverbial light bulb went off and he lifted his hands in mock surrender. "Well, you see, Ron and I were actually aiming for Neville and Seamus. And you know how bad Ron's aim is and we got distracted when Parvati and Lavender walked by and my aim must've slipped." There was a moment of silence, Ron looking at him. "You are such a prat." He guffawed, shaking his head. "You both are prats." Ginny snapped, stowing her wand and shaking her head. "As I said before, we keep things interesting around here." Harry offered, standing and rubbing the back of his neck with a grin. Ginny and Hermione rolled their eyes in sync, eying the two idiots. Ginny turned to Hermione, "Keep these two in line before I do murder one of them please." "I'll try," Hermione answered, laughing slightly as the girl stormed away. "Seems a bit angry, wouldn't you angry Ronald?" Harry asked nonchalantly whilst not so subtly watching the way the skirt swished just under her butt. "Oy, that's my sister!" Ron smacked him on the arm, rolling his eyes. "I'm better than Dean Thomas!" "You're the biggest git I've ever met." "A git with a heart and I'm wholly offended that you would call your best friend a git." Harry held his chest and pouted, Ron snorting as Hermione snickered. "Does she really think you can control us?" Ron asked as they walked down the corridor. "Probably not, but it's the thought that counts. Personally, I believe your antics are a bit overrated. We're graduating next year, don't you two want to mature just a little bit?" "Not particularly." "What's the fun in that?" The muggle-born huffed, shooting the boys on either side of her withering looks. "I'm serious." "Really, I didn't know you were my godfather now?" Hermione smacked Harry upside the head, Ron laughing next to them. "Oy, what is this, national hit Harry Potter day?" Harry whined, pouting at his two friends. "When you're being an arse, yes." Hermione deadpanned. They walked on, chanting and laughing as they climbed the stairs to the Fat Lady portrait. "Mr. Potter, what've I told you before about wooing a woman? A dung bomb is not proper etiquette in any shape or form." The portrait reprimanded. Harry groaned, Ron snickering. "You heard?" "Rather I saw the aftermath. Miss Weasley is quite upset, I'm afraid she shoved a Slytherin boy down the stairs not ten minutes ago." She didn't sound sorry at all, she looked rather proud in actuality. "Luckily it wasn't me." Harry muttered. "Dungbomb." Hermione said, the Fat Lady nodding and swinging open. "Of course, she would change it to that." Ron laughed once again, patting Harry on the back as they stepped through the portrait. "Think of it this way, your prank is now going to be known by everyone in Gryffindor." "Or they're just going to think the Fat Lady has an odd obsession with Fred and George's inventions. Didn't she have Nosebleed Nougat as the password for a few days last week?" Hermione asked, settling down into one of the over-stuffed arm chairs. "Maybe she does, they're pretty amazing." "For delinquents, possibly." "Now now Hermione, is that anyway to talk about two entrepreneur's business?" Fred drawled, leaning over the back of her chair. "Honestly, you would think someone of your intelligence would have a bit more appreciation for the creativity and attention to detail." George added, hopping over the back of the couch and settling next to Harry. "And we heard that you threw our baby sis into a bit of a tizzy, what say you Mr. Potter?" George teased. "Bit of a tizzy would be an understatement, she was on a warpath. Ernie McMillian got a face full of Bat-Bogey while she was on her mission to kill you two." Seamus called from his seat at one of the tables, Neville nodding. "It was quite frightening." The clumsy boy added, some of the terror still written on his face. Fred and George laughed loudly at this, clapping Harry on the shoulders. "You do realize she fancies ya right Harry? All this is just sexual tension that just needs to be worked out." "But if you work it out, be prepared for us to jinx you into the next century." Ron stated, pulling out his ink and quill. "Precisely!" The twins exclaimed in unison, patting Harry once more before going back to their previous activities. Harry groaned again, his head falling back against the couch as he looked up to the ceiling. It was a well-known fact that he liked Ginny Weasley, it had been well-known for about two years now. He had the epiphany of sorts while he was staying over at the Burrow in the summer between his third and fourth year. Sure, he had always liked Ginny as a friend, the two frequently teaming up to face Fred and George in Quidditch or being forced to do chores together like catching the gnomes in the garden. But that summer, he finally noticed how beautiful she was becoming and how being around her warmed in like chocolate in the sun and he couldn't help smile when he was around her. So, what had the mischievous boy done to show her his feelings? He started pranking and teasing her incessantly. Sure, they still talked and hung out and played Quidditch, but there was a sort of tension between them that anyone with eyes could spot. Not that many of the Weasley's acknowledged it, only Fred and George when they felt like teasing their sister. Or the one time Mrs. Weasley had swatted him over the head with a copy of the Daily Prophet after staring a Ginny just a bit too long after she left the breakfast table. That had roused a whole new slew of jokes and several more moments of Ginny shooting Harry a death glare and then smiling when he turned away. Harry closed his eyes and settled his hands behind his head, his feet kicked up on the small table before him. They still had two hours until DADA and he'd be damned if he didn't get a bit more sleep after staying up late last night finishing his homework after Quidditch practice. Well, the homework that was due today anyways, he still had that bloody Potions essay to finish by Friday. But that was two days away and he was going to get his daily nap in. Across the common room, Ginny came down the stairs and looked around cautiously. The room was packed as usual, mostly with sixth and seventh years that had a couple hours of free period. As her eyes roved the area for a spare table where she could finish her Charms homework, her eyes fell on the trio. She paused, taking in the black haired young man asleep on the couch. Her gaze softened and despite herself, a small smile slipped onto her lips. Ginny tore her eyes away however after spotting Seamus and Neville getting up and heading for the portrait, quickly claiming the table as her own and spread