Disclaimer: I own...nothing related to this story She was exhausted. Physically and mentally. It seemed to her that she had been doing the same routine for years. As she sank down onto her worn couch she realized that she had been in a rut for a year at least. Every day she woke up at 6 and had a cup of tea and a bowl of oatmeal. She would put on a button up shirt, slacks, and sensible flats. She would then shrug on a set of work robes. She would do her work, and at noon she would eat a sandwich, always ham and cheese. Then she would finish up her paperwork for the day. The highlight of her day was her walk home. Something about the night called to her, and everyone around her seemed to come alive then. It was during that time that she could pretend she wasn't alone. For a few hours she could pretend that she did belong. She would delay going home as long as she could. Once there she would heat up a frozen dinner. She would read the nightly paper and then around 9 she would call it a night. She was quite successful at her job, but it never felt like enough. The change in her routine was subtle at first. It started with a morning run. She had been on a case and the perp had gotten away because she was out of shape. She had just stopped caring after a while and had lost all of her physical activities. Her morning run had energized her and had started her on track to being healthier. She had also started going to the gym to tone up more. Her partner had been the first to comment on the change. "Granger, you trying to impress someone?" Her partner asked as he walked into the office about two months since the change in her morning routine. "Not particularly Flint." See said as she sat down. She then pulled out a bottle from his desk and added water and powder to it. "Wait, since when do you not have a morning cup of tea with an ungodly amount of sugar?" Marcus Flint never showed much emotion but he was looking at Hermione like she had grown an extra head. "Um, I dunno. I just drink protein now that I go to the gym. One of the guys there recommended it. And I like it." She said taking a gulp of it. She didn't think it was weird, especially to his partner, who was a health nut. He had been nagging Hermione about her morning tea habit for as long as they had been partners. "Well, that's great then. This doesn't have anything to do with your ex would it?" "No, I'm happy that Ron's together with Pansy. This is about when I couldn't catch McLaggen. I realized that I was failing as your partner if I couldn't do something that simple, and decided that I needed to make a change." Flint just clapped her on the shoulder at that. "It wasn't your fault Granger, but I'm glad that you're happier now." From there it seemed that Hermione's whole life spiraled and did a one-eighty. She no longer was content with what her life had been. And she decided that while she wasn't ready for everything to change at once, she could make one change at a time. She decided that first she would stop living like a hermit, she had friends, she just never made an effort with them. So she reconnected with them and started having drinks with them, and left her apartment more often. She knocked on the door, and then wiped her damp hands on her pants. The last person he had to reconnect with was Ron. When he finally opened the door, she was relieved. She had wanted to talk, and Pansy had been the one to suggest that they go somewhere alone. So now they were sitting on a park bench, with hot drinks in their hands. "I'm sorry Ron." She said quietly. "I understand Hermione. You haven't been yourself for a while, and I knew the end was coming. If we're going to place blame, I'm to blame then too. I started staying away more and more. I should have been home." "No, I wouldn't have noticed anyway Ron. I just don't know what happened, or how I really lost myself. Nor do I know how it's just now that I'm finally waking up." "Hermione I think you were just focused on what you should be doing, not what you really wanted to be doing." "Yeah I guess I've started to do things just for me, ya know. And I'm happier now I suppose." "That's all I want. Pansy too. You helped out a lot of slytherins after the war." He said softly. That was true. She had appealed on behalf of all of her classmates after the war. Harry had helped her. Most hadn't really contributed to the war, but the Wizengamot had wanted to prosecute them as if they had. It had been a lot of work, but she had finally won. They all had to complete another year at Hogwarts, and do community service the following year. Now most were model citizens that contributed greatly to society. When she had been asked about why she had done it she had only said that it was the right thing to do. "But that's been the only thing that you fought for, and its been 10 years. Why did you do it? And what happened after that." "It was the right thing," She started to say. "That's what you told the reporters, but I'm asking as your friend. Harry doesn't even know, and he fought as hard as you did. Or if he does, he's never mentioned it." "I never told him, and if he knew he's never told you because it wasn't his place. Um it was the right thing to do, but you're right that's not why I did it. There was someone I had to protect, and so I did it. And afterwards they approached me and told me that I was pathetic. They said that none of the Slytherin's were going to worship me just because I had them freed from Azkaban. I told them that I hadn't done it because of that, I did it for them, because I cared about that person and that I didn't expect anything in return from anyone." Hermione paused for a long moment, and Ron sat there in silence just waiting for her to be ready to continue. "They called me a slew of names, I forget what exactly." Lie, she remembered every word, but she couldn't bring herself to say it outloud. "And basically laughed at my face and walked away. I haven't seen them since. A while after that you and I got together, and that's the end of that." Ron sat there stunned, he had suspected there had been an underlying reason to her change in demeanor, but he wasn't prepared for that answer. He knew that Hermione had loved him, and that she still did in her own way. But this answered so many of his questions. "Hermione, have you tried talking to this person at all since?" She just shook her head. "Why would I? They made their opinion of me very clear. They thought that I did all of that just to buy their affection." Ron's heart broke with his last words. Anyone who knew Hermione knew that she would never do that, it wasn't in her nature. "I think we should head back now. Wouldn't want Pansy to worry." He nodded and once he was home he turned to his wife. he told her what Hermione told him. "I've been wracking my brain Pans, which of the Slytherins would reject her like that?" Pansy just chuckled. "This is serious. I've always worried about Hermione. She's doing better than I've ever seen her, but she still has shadows in her eyes." "Breathe, Ron. I'm not laughing at Granger I'm laughing at you. When did you start understanding girls?" Ron's eyes widened comically. "I blame you. And you've got that look in your eye. Tell me what you're thinking." "I'm not saying anything, I can ask around, but I have a hunch." "How do you have a hunch, while I'm clueless?" He asked angrily. "Slytherin dear, I pay more attention than you do. It's in my nature." "Ugh so while you do sleuthing, how do I help Hermione?" "Just sit tight for right now. Daphne and I will take her to Rodolfo's" "How will a makeover help?" "Just trust me on this." A week after her talk with Ron he had invited her to go out with Pansy and Daphne. When she had asked about her plans she had been vague. Now she was with them and she still wasn't sure what was going on. They led her to a place, Rodolfo's. It was a beauty shop. "Why are we here?" "We're here for you." Pansy stated. An older man walked out then and greeted Pansy and Daphne kisses on their cheeks. "A pleasure to meet you at last Ms. Granger." He said before giving her a kiss as well. "As I understand you are here for a change." "Um, I was just dragged here sir." At that Rodolfo just laughed. "Oh dear mon ami. Well Pansy what did you have in mind?" "She needs a full makeover obviously.I say give her a Brazilian blowout and cut it choppy and shoulder length." "Of course. What else would you like?" "As it's Granger we can't go to over the top, so show her how to use eyeliner, not a lot just a bit I well as mascara and lipstick. I'm going to go through your boutique and find her some new clothes while we're at it. I don't think she's changed her wardrobe since she left Hogwarts. Can you measure her now?" Rodolfo just nodded. "Hermione if you would just stick out your arms, so I can use a spell of mine to measure you?" Hermione did as instructed and Rodolfo then handed Pansy a piece of paper. "There you go my dear." Hermione was then led to the back. "So Ms. Granger, when was the last time you had your hair done professionally?" "Well never really. I've mostly used spells." "Well then its an honor to be the first professional to cut your hair. And what iconic hair it is. It's almost a shame Pansy would like it changed. Are you okay with her decision?" "Yeah it should be fine. I wouldn't know how to change it anyways. I just pull it back most of the time anyways." "Well I will change it, and then I'll show you a few easy foolproof tricks." Rodolfo said with a smile. "Thanks." She replied. He was quiet for several minutes before he spoke again. "I'd like to thank you for what you did for Pansy and her fellow housemates after the war. The media underplayed that I think." "It was never about what the media was going to say." "Yes, you did it because it was right, I think I remember reading that somewhere." "Yeah. That's it." Her voice was barely above a whisper. "I must say though, I was at all of those hearings. You were quite impassioned. A woman on a mission. I'd be willing to bet there was another reason. Love is what I would bet." "You'd be the only one willing to bet on that. I'm just boring, reliable Hermione. Always trying to help the kicked puppy so people will notice me." Tears were leaking from her eyes now. Those had been some words that still haunted her ten years later. Rodolfo was quiet behind her. She then felt him grab her hands and looked to see him crouched