Anything and Everything Death, he has learned, brings a perspective that life often lacks. In the utter timelessness of the Veil, one has a chance to contemplate much that the obligations of life might overshadow. Indeed, such is the case for him, and he finds himself often contemplating things with a new clarity that no Pensieve induced forgetfulness can match. He can, of course, watch the world of the living. Though opaque to those who still draw breath, the Veil is hardly more than a gossamer curtain, to be parted at will by those on the other side. It's only tangibility lies in its impermeability from the side of the dead. It is one of those ironies, perhaps cruel, perhaps wiser than he can fathom, that he has far too much time to contemplate, following his passing from one realm to the next. To the living, who desire so much to hear the reassurances that their departed are well, the barrier is invisible, opaque, and sound-proof. And to the dead, who desire nothing more than to reassure, to pass on last bits of advice and comfort, is denied passage across the curtain, unless they are willing to remain trapped in a half-life as ghosts. It is an irony he can appreciate. He who has discovered many cruel ironies in his life, some of them he has forged from bonds as invisible and immutable as the Veil itself. And it is only in death, the pressures of war and strife and planning passed from his shoulders, that he has come to appreciate the mixture of wisdom and cruelty he himself has wrought, as punishing and binding as the Veil, and perhaps just as invisible and yet tangible as man's mortality. There are two in particular he watches, two fates that he has meddled with more than any others, and perhaps more cruelly than can be imagined. Though one, he fancies, has imagined it quite well. One of his two victims is quite aware of the chains that he has forged, and their consequences. It is saddening, grievous to know that he would be perhaps happier and yet far more damned if he were unaware. It is with that thought in mind that he exerts his will, and turns his attention to the elder of the two men. Severus Snape. With the peculiar illumination of the dead, he sees not just the present but also the past. Perhaps it is a function of death, to see thus, or perhaps it is his own ruminations which have set before him the images of a life lived. He sees a lonely boy, raised in a house that is not a home, raised with no affection, no consideration. There is little of love in the child's life, but much of neglect, and cruelty, and casual violence in both words and deeds. It is bitter soil for a life to grow on, and no place for a child to thrive. He sees a boy who loves a red-haired girl, perhaps the first tender emotion he has ever known or experienced. A boy who seeks to describe a world, to take pride in himself, though there is little positive reinforcement in his life. A boy who comes to believe, in a fragile sort of way, that one can be anything one dreams, that blood does not matter, and that life may possess hope and joy. He sees a boy, sorted into a House that is rival to his dearest friend's. A boy who is bereft of his only anchor, tormented by his peers for circumstances beyond his control and for ambitions that, in any other, might be described as worthy and laudable. It is in this boy, this bitter young man, that he sees the shadow the light has cast, not only in what some of it's younger members have done, but what it's elders, himself included, have failed to do. The shadow that borders the light is dark indeed, and he sees as it strips away the boy's protection, and sends him into the arms of darker shadows still, snuffing out the faint flame of light that once resided in his soul. He mourns this boy, the lost opportunity that he was too foolish, too preoccupied, to protect. He sees the ember, faint as a whisper, still buried deep within the young man. An ember of honor, and of love. No true shield against the darkness he has fallen into, seeking solace and safety in a twisted web of shadows, but there. Strong enough that when his mistake is revealed, when the red-haired woman who was his childhood friend is threatened, the young man turns to the ember's light, and seeks a brighter light again. He remembers a conversation. Of all his failings and all his mistakes, that conversation was perhaps one of the greatest. "Hide her...them. Keep them all safe." "And what will you give me in return?" "In...return? Anything." Anything was what Severus promised him, and looking back, he sees the price that he demanded. Sees too, the coldness, the callousness. Not only to Severus, who came to him genuinely remorseful, willing to save even his most hated enemy for the sake of a broken friendship, but to the Potters. Truly, in this moment, he bargained their lives and safety like a stack of Galleons, a privilege to be bought. And though it gained him immeasurable returns, still it was not the kind of man he should have been. He was once hailed as the 'Leader of the Light', but that is not how he would characterize the man on that windy hilltop, that man who bargain's his friends and followers lives. Anything, Severus promised him, and he takes the first payment in the turning of the young man's loyalty, from a Death Eater to a spy. A dangerous position to be in, but one that Severus takes up without a flicker of hesitation. He takes his second payment on the night of the Potter's deaths, and looking back, this payment makes him cringe. For that night he took a young man's grief, his anguish and his agony, and made of it a shield and a weapon for Lily Potter's son. No comfort does he give Severus that night, only goads and ultimatums. Respect Lily's memory, do penance, by protecting her son from Voldemort's return. In this, he thinks he has matched the Dark Lord's cruelty, to turn even Severus's genuine mourning against him, without even a day or two to seek the solace of tears and the healing that his grief might have brought him. And truly, this is a plan that might have waited until Harry was older. He takes his third payment in his direction of Severus's life. Keeping him close seemed admirable, but he knows that Severus never had the disposition for teaching. Never possessed the innate character and personality for it, much less the natural social skills. It is true that Severus is capable of commanding attention and is well versed in the art and science of potion-making. And he is conscientious of his duties, and far more careful than Slughorn. But it is a greater truth that Severus's skills, his heart and his mind, are not made for routine and drudgery and endless instruction. His is not a heart that delights in guiding others. As his student textbooks show, his is a mind for invention, innovation, creation. His is the passion of the creator, the crafter, the maker of new wonders. And if the Darkness drove Severus to create horrendous curses, he has also created remarkable potions, astounding leaps in technical theory, and a healing spell that is second to none, at least where slashes and cutting curses are concerned. And yet, all of that has been stifled, forced into the humdrum of being the Hogwarts Potions Professor and Head of Slytherin House. These duties leave little time for experimentation, and a castle full of children for the majority of the year leaves even less room. And though it seemed at the time a stroke of brilliance to claim Severus as his Professor, to keep him close and perhaps encourage him to help guide the next generation away from the Dark, how bitter must it have been for the man to stifle and give up all his aspirations, to leave his true talents lying untouched in dusty notebooks, only glanced at and worked on in the brief months of summer or the rare dark nights when he has nothing to do? Even he, who spent nearly a century in working towards the greater good in penance for his inexcusable lapse in judgment regarding Grindelwald...even he was permitted to pursue his passions in Transfiguration and Alchemy before he became a Professor. And this is true of all the Professors save Severus, which must have made an already bitter draught taste of wormwood and bile. It is only now, watching from the Veil, that he sees how he could have arranged matters otherwise, given Severus some more time of his own, time to pursue his own goals and dreams. He sees how he missed another opportunity to nurture the growth of the young man's talents and his spirit, content to stifle it instead, that he might be assured of having his tool ready when it was needed. His fourth payment he takes when Harry Potter comes to Hogwarts, and he places upon Severus the burden of being the boy's protector. And this in spite of his own tendency to reward Harry's 'heroic' ventures, even at the cost of Severus's attempts at discipline, or Slytherin's well earned standing. His fifth payment he claims the night Voldemort returns, when he sends Severus back into the ranks of the Death Eaters as a spy. He knew, when Harry told his story, that Severus was already suspected, already at risk, and he did not hesitate. Only now does he see the true depth of that price. The lies that Severus was forced to tell. The knife-edge of danger he walked. The tortures and indignities he was forced to submit to, the atrocities he was forced to witness and participate in. For Severus has indeed grown, and though bitter and angry, his path is one of light and redemption. To be forced to murder, to torture and be tortured...what a burden on a spirit so precariously balanced between darkness and light. And then came his time of dying, and his final demand. His final, and his cruelest. It was, he can now admit, for his own sake that he demanded Severus take his life. He did not wish to be responsible for the corruption of an innocent, did not wish to be murdered by a child. And so he demanded the duty of Severus. And it was only in his last moments that he realized how terrible, how cruel, the final payment was. It was no accident that Severus hesitated, as he begged, or that their eyes met that night on the tower. And remembering what he saw, as Severus let him through those perfect diamond-hard Occlumency shields for the first and last time, is a knife to the soul. The bitter self-loathing, that he could commit this murder, even knowing the truth of its mercy. The anguish of knowledge, that from the instant of this final fulfillment he is a man damned and alone, cursed by all who once respected and trusted him, despised by all those he fought to prove himself to. No longer able to return to the Darkness, yet suspected by all as a monster. And the horrible, terrible knowledge of the final secret, the final bitter truth that, when it ends, he will fail in the only vow he has ever dared to defend, and the only duty that has kept him going. He will fail to protect Lily's son from the final battle, and the final price, and in doing so will fail the only hope of redemption he