AUTHOR'S NOTES: Believe it or not, this is the 100th story I've posted. Some have been big hits and some have been total and utter crap. I've wanted to write this one for a while and since the story is mostly fully formed-at least in my head-hopefully I'll actually finish this one. STORY SUMMARY: This story actually uses an aspect of my story 'Changes and Ripples' where Harry had a disorder that prevents magical healing of injuries and illnesses. When Harry was a child, he and Dudley fall ill due to meningitis and have to live with disabilities resulting from it. The Dursleys, who are actually warm loving foster parents to Harry in this story, try to help as best they can along with Vernon's sister, Marge, and Sirius Black. Also, since Harry is mostly deaf in this story, when words are in bold they are meant to signify something said in sign language. HARRY POTTER: Damaged Doesn't Mean Broken The inhabitants of #4 Privet Drive were normal enough, thank you very much. Well, as normal as could be, given the circumstances. 12 years ago, Vernon and Petunia had become the adoptive parents of Petunia's nephew, Harry Potter, after the deaths of her sister and brother-in-law at the hands of an evil wizard known as Lord Voldemort. When he was just over a year old, Harry had been delivered to his aunt and uncle's house by his godfather, Sirius Black, who had wasted no time in purchasing the house across the street so as to keep a close eye on Harry. The Dursleys had welcomed Harry with open arms and in no time, he was formally adopted into the family, to the delight of the Dursley's own son, Dudley, who took only a short amount of time to warm up to his new 'brother'. However, life at #4 was not without its complications. When Sirius had delivered Harry to his new home, he'd had to relay the news that the child had a disorder that limited any magical healing—something crucial to note since Harry was a wizard. Because of the disorder, Vernon and Petunia were informed, most injuries or illnesses that befell their nephew could not be healed or cured by magical means. Minor cuts and scrapes or very minor injuries could be taken care of, but major illnesses and injuries such as severe lacerations or broken bones would have to be taken care of at a local muggle hospital. For a while, this complication didn't seem to have much of an impact on the Dursleys or Harry. But when Harry and Dudley were 8 years old, both fell seriously ill when a meningitis outbreak struck the boys' primary school. Both boys recovered, but both were left scarred by their illnesses. Dudley lost his hearing completely but to the relief of his parents suffered no other long term complications. Harry wasn't so lucky. While he, too, suffered hearing loss, it was only partially—Eighty percent loss in his right ear and seventy-five percent loss in his left ear. But that wasn't the worst of it. Harry also developed septicemia as a result of the meningitis and lost his lower right leg shortly thereafter, only to have more of the limb amputated due to osteomyelitus a mere two weeks later. No, #4 Privet Drive was not your average home with a normal family. But what counts for 'normal' anyway? ' This isn't the way I wanted to start my summer holiday," Harry thought, dejectedly as he lay on the sofa in the sitting room, frowning dismally at the cast on his left leg. Harry hadn't even been home a week when he'd missed a step coming down the stairs that morning. He'd landed hard on his left leg, breaking his ankle and severely damaging the ligaments in his knee, necessitating surgery and a week's stay in the hospital. Once home again, Petunia had set Harry up in the sitting room on the couch with his crutches nearby as well as the hospital-recommended wheelchair just in case. The main problem, Harry decided as he let out a long sigh, was that being mostly immobile made wearing the prosthetic on his right leg an annoyance. But if he needed to use the bathroom or get something to drink, he couldn't go anywhere if the prosthetic wasn't on… not unless he wanted to use the wheelchair… which he didn't. Yes, this definitely counted as one of the worst summer holidays ever, Harry thought, firmly, wincing as his leg jostled as he shifted position slightly. Catching movement nearby, Harry turned to see Dudley getting his attention before signing, 'Where's Mum? Dad and I have to go get Aunt Marge at the train station.' "Aunt Petunia said she wanted to get something special for dessert," Harry replied, sighing as he spoke aloud. Dudley had always felt awkward speaking out loud after losing his hearing despite going to speech therapy with Harry. And while Harry didn't like talking out loud at school or in public, he didn't mind when he was at home. "Go on," Harry encouraged his cousin. "She'll be back soon. I think I can stay out of trouble for half an hour." "Mum told me and Dad that someone should be here with you," Dudley insisted, speaking as he signed… a sure indicator that he was getting upset. "You know how she is about that. Especially with you being laid up right now." "Sirius said he was coming over tonight for dinner," Harry replied, thinking quickly. "I'm sure he wouldn't mind coming over early." ' Sure. I'll have Dad call him to come over,' Dudley said, nodding. Sitting down at the other end of the sofa—being careful of Harry's leg—he asked, 'Are you okay? You've seemed really bummed out lately.' "'Bummed out'?" Harry said, a snap in his voice. "I get to spend the whole summer with a broken leg and messed up knee. I'll still be on crutches when I go back to Hogwarts. And I'm already a freak at school because of the prosthetic leg and the fact that I'm one of three deaf students in the whole bloody castle!" Slumping back against the armrest of the sofa, Harry let out an exasperated sigh. "It's not fair." Dudley stood, waiting for Harry look at him before he spoke again. "Harry, you are not a freak. And you think I like being one of a few deaf kids at my school? You're right—our situations suck. But at least you've got that whole magic thing. With your hearing aids you can hear as well as Mum or Dad. Me? I'll never have that." When Harry didn't respond, Dudley sighed and waited until he caught his father's attention before giving the sign for Harry's godfather. Turning back to his cousin, he said, "We'll be back in about an hour. Sirius should be here in a few minutes." Sulking in silence, Harry couldn't deny that Dudley did have a point about one thing. Magic had been able to amplify the hearing aids Harry had worn since he first lost his hearing so that he could hear almost normally. Sirius and a healer from a local muggle/wizarding hospital—Waldenmyer Medical Center—had tried to do the same with Dudley's hearing aids but to no affect. Harry remembered when he'd first started at Hogwarts, feeling everyone staring at him, either because of his limp because of his missing leg or the hearing aids he wore. Then there had been the fact that sometimes he started using sign language as he spoke, purely out of habit. When he felt Sirius touch his shoulder to get his attention a short while later, Harry looked away, wanting to stay in his bubble of moping. Sirius, however, knew Harry's habits and smirked as he sat on the arm rest at the opposite end of the sofa near Harry's foot. "So how long are you going to be ignoring everyone this time?" Sirius asked, signing as he spoke. Hiding a smile as Harry angrily removed his hearing aids and put them on the table behind him, Sirius was not so easily dissuaded. 'You don't want to talk? That's fine,' he went on, letting out a bark-like laugh when Harry shut his eyes tight. When Harry had come home from the hospital when he was 8 years old, Sirius had done everything in his power to help his godson and the Dursleys adapt to the new situation. They had all learned sign language and had tried to encourage both boys to talk aloud as much as possible. But while all that was fine on the deaf side of things, it was harder dealing with Harry's other physical disabilities. The loss of his leg coupled with the magical immunity disorder had caused Harry to get increasingly frustrated with school and his life in general. Three times previously—once during his second year at Hogwarts and twice at his muggle primary school—Harry had ended up with broken bones and each time seemed to be worse than the last. In truth, Sirius was starting to worry about Harry going back to Hogwarts this year, especially because of the new security precautions put into place. After the deaths of James and Lily Potter, Sirius had gone after their betrayer—another 'friend' by the name Peter 'Wormtail' Pettigrew. Pettigrew had been captured and locked up in Azkaban but had recently escaped and was now considered exceptionally dangerous. The wizarding world believed that the escaped convict would be after Harry to kill him and complete Lord Voldemort's work, but Sirius knew better. Pettigrew had no taste for blood but he wasn't above handing Harry over to others who would do the dirty work for him. When Harry finally opened one eye to see if his godfather was still there, Sirius quickly said, "I need to talk to you about something. Okay?" Harry begrudgingly opened his other eye, sighing in anticipation of another lecture. But he sat up when he noticed the fear and worry of Sirius's face. "What's wrong?" And so Sirius explained everything. How he, Pettigrew, the Potters, and another student—Remus Lupin—had all once been friends at Hogwarts to how Wormtail went to Voldemort with the Potters' hiding place. When he was done, Sirius waited for Harry's response when he noticed Petunia standing in the foyer. Standing quickly, Sirius didn't know what to say or how to ask Harry's aunt how much she had heard. Twisting around to see what had alerted his godfather, Harry ignored the pain in his leg as he grabbed his crutches and slowly stood up as well, turning to see his aunt standing there. "Aunt Petunia," Harry said in surprise. "W-We didn't know you were home yet." Petunia's expression was unreadable as she set her bags of groceries down on the floor and spoke to Sirius, signing for Harry's benefit as she'd noticed he'd taken his hearing aids out. "Sirius, help Harry upstairs to his room and then come back down and help me with dinner." Sirius nodded, silently, understanding that there was to be no argument on the subject. Turning to Harry, he looked apologetic as he grabbed Harry's hearing aids and helped the boy slowly climb the stairs and head down the hallway into his bedroom. Once in his room, Harry carefully sat down on his bed, which was positioned against the left wall, before judging which way to position himself. If he chose to face the door, he'd have to get his prosthetic leg up first followed by his casted leg. It would be more painful to get his bad leg up and down that way, but on the plus side, he'd be able to see the door. On the other hand, if Harry had his back to the door, he wouldn't be able to tell if someone was coming but it would be a little easier to get up when Petunia had dinner ready. Looking at Harry, then at the bed, Sirius quickly grabbed one