AUTHOR'S NOTES: So I was going through some of my old story notebooks from back when I used to handwrite my stories before typing them up. Some of them I junked, but this was one of the ones I deemed good. STORY SUMMARY: After Vernon Dursley dumps Harry at the side of the road after Harry's 5th year, the teenager decides to take control of his own life. He finds his family, and learns some surprising secrets along the way. HARRY POTTER: A Life Worth Living The first thing that made Harry Potter nervous as he sat in the back seat of the Dursleys' car on the drive home from King's Cross Station after his 5th year at Hogwarts was the smug grin on his uncle's face. It was the same look the portly man had worn just before Harry's 11th birthday, commenting on how wonderful Sunday was since there was no mail post on Sundays. But Harry had a sneaking suspicion that this time, Vernon Dursley had a plan and it would not favor him at all. The second thing that made Harry nervous was when Vernon headed off the main roads and headed down a very long stretch of dirt road. After a while, when Harry guessed that they were at least a good hour away from any town or village, his uncle sharply pulled off to the side of the road and threw the car in park, not even bothering to turn the engine off. Harry's fears were confirmed as he watched his uncle pull the knapsack, trunk, and owl cage out of the trunk of the car and dump them on the ground before storming over to Harry's side of the car and barking, "Get out! Now!" Not wanting to run the risk of setting of the man's temper any further, Harry complied, barely having time to slam the door closed before Vernon was back in the car, peeling off and sending gravel flying everywhere. Setting the owl cage upright as he sat on the trunk and making sure that Hedwig was unhurt, Harry surveyed the surrounding area and estimated that he was at least an hour's walking distance from anyone's home. "Good, show, Vernon," Harry muttered, stroking Hedwig's feathery head through the bars of the cage. "You really thought this one out proper, didn't you?" The obvious—albeit, temporary—solution to the situation at hand, Harry deduced was to summon the Knight Bus and head back to Little Whinging and Number 4 Privet Drive. But did Harry really want to go back to that? No, he decided, firmly. True, he was on his own right now and no one knew where he was, but… Harry straightened up as it dawned on him. He was on his own. No one knew where he was. He could do whatever he liked with his life now! First, he needed to get to Gringotts Bank in Diagon Alley. Not only did he need to get some general funds, but he wanted to know if the wizarding bank held any other financial records for his family. Pulling out his wand, Harry grinned as he saw the big, purple, triple-decker bus appear in front of him. Once he got to London, everything would change. xxxxxxx Step one of Harry's plan had been to get a full listing of his family's assets—since he was certain there were things Albus Dumbledore had withheld from him—but the rumbling of his stomach reminded Harry that he hadn't eaten in a while so he grabbed a quick bite at the Leaky Cauldron before arranging a room for a few days. X After a good night's sleep and a filling breakfast, Harry grabbed his money bag, vault key, and wand before heading out and through the hidden gateway into Diagon Alley. Once inside Gringotts, Harry approached the first available goblin, a younger looking fellow with unusually long fingers and slightly floppy ears, and asked as pleasantly as possible, "I would like a full list of my family's assets, please." The goblin studied Harry closely, along with the key the young man handed over, and headed towards a small room to the right of the lobby, beckoning Harry to follow him. "Last name, please," the goblin said, cordially, fitting the key into the lock of a file cabinet in the corner. "Potter," Harry replied, watching in amazement as the goblin opened the cabinet revealing only a single, albeit filled, file folder. "This contains a detailed account of all finances and properties owned or managed by the Potter family," the goblin explained, handing the file over to Harry. "Currently, only your school fund is acessable until you turn 16. However," he added with a smirk. "—you can appoint someone to manage and monitor your vaults which would transfer control of your assets from Albus Dumbledore to yourself." "I definitely want to do that, then," Harry agreed, eagerly, nodding as he spoke. Out of curiosity, he asked, "Er… what's your name?" The goblin looked embarrassed as he replied, "Skippy." At Harry's amused look, he added, "My father was actually a house elf. It's a long story, sir." But Harry didn't press the issue. Instead, he smiled at his new account manager and offered, "How about if I just call you 'Skip'?" Skip nodded, his ears flapping slightly. "That would be preferable, sir," he replied, smiling. "I will make the arrangements for the transfer immediately. "Please wait here for a moment." Sitting at the small table, Harry looked at the list labeled 'Material Assets' which apparently included a multi-compartment trunk, wand holsters, a myriad of potions—including a special formula to assist with becoming an animagus—and even a few pieces of furniture. Turning to the page listing his family's property holdings, Harry saw pictures of a studio flat in London, an ivy-covered manor in Ireland, an estate in New York in the United States, and a two level loft apartment in Canada. Wondering where he should start, Harry was torn between the Irish manor and the flat in London. London would be the best choice to live as it was close to both Diagon Alley and King's Cross station. But he wanted to check out the manor first to see if it would be someplace he might want to move into later. Perhaps when he finally got married and started a family. Once Skip had returned with the necessary paperwork, Harry signed as required and accepted a key ring with 7 different keys hanging from it. "Would you like to see your vaults now?" Skip asked after filing the papers away. "Yes, please," Harry replied, standing and following Skip to the carts. When they arrived at the first vault, Harry studied the door closely, looking for any sort of clue as to which key would unlock it. In the upper left corner of the door, he finally spotted a small hoofprint engraved into the wood. Looking down at his new set of keys, Harry found one with an identical mark. Opening the door, Harry found himself staring at what looked like a large storage room. Walking inside, Harry found a bag hanging on a hook nearby and started grabbing some odds and ends he wanted to take with him including a few of the wand holsters, the animagus potions, a couple journals, and a very nice knife in a leather sheath. Going over to the trunk in the corner, Harry found it to be the multi-compartment type with different locks depending on which chamber he wished to enter and a built in shrinking charm for easy transport. After leaving the storage vault, Harry hit his regular vault to stock up on funds before heading out of the bank, thanking Skip once again for his assistance. Making his way from shop to shop, Harry purchased all the basic supplies he needed including potions supplies, parchment, ink, and new clothes. Before heading back to the Leaky Cauldron for the evening, he headed towards Ollivander's wand shop. Harry had been thinking about getting a second wand ever since finding out that his wand and Voldemort's had twin cores but he'd never had the proper opportunity to do so until now. Strangely enough, it seemed, as Harry stepped into the dusty shop stacked top to bottom with wand boxes, Ollivander had apparently had the exact same thought as he greeted Harry warmly. "I knew I'd be seeing you again, Mr. Potter," the wandmaker said, smiling. "I expected to see you after your 4th year, in fact. Still… it gave me the time to fabricate another wand for you." He pulled out a pristine wand box and handed it to Harry who opened it, revealing a 13 inch wand with a mahogany handle. "Made from the Whomping Willow on the Hogwarts grounds with a core of three hairs from an ordinary stag," Ollivander explained as Harry held the wand. "It's beautiful," Harry replied, smiling. "Thank you, sir." Withdrawing his money bag, he asked, "How much is it?" Ollivander put a hand on Harry's forearm, shaking his head. "This wand may not be the most extravagant I have ever made, but I feel like this is my best work. Consider it my gift to you." xxxxxxx When Harry lay down on his bed later that night at the Leaky Cauldron, he felt very pleased with everything that he had accomplished so far. He felt like he had taken the first major steps to being on his own. Tomorrow, he would check out the manor in Ireland before coming back to London to get the rest of his things before he to move into the flat his mother had apparently lived in with her parents when she was a teenager. Once he got settled, he would send Hedwig with messages for Remus Lupin, Hermione Granger, and the WEeasley family. Thinking how proud his godfather, Sirius Black would be if he was still alive, Harry turned over in bed and fell asleep. It was nearly noon when Harry stepped off the Knight Bus at Marauders Manor, staring in awe at the ivy covered stone and the sheer size of the place. There was a large lake off to the right and as he walked around the outside of the manor, he saw a quidditch pitch in back. Hefting his knapsack up onto his shoulder, Harry walked up the driveway, his shoes crunching gravel as he headed up to the front door which, surprisingly, was unlocked. Reaching a hand into his pocket and closing his fist against his wand just in case, he stepped into a beautiful marble and wood foyer, looking about. There was a spiral staircase to the left and a sitting room to the right connected to a beautiful kitchen. As Harry headed towards a glass fronted maple cabinet, he was hit from behind with a stunning spell and he went sprawling onto the floor, unconscious. Wand held out, cautiously, a woman with red hair and vibrant green eyes stepped out from behind a statue of a phoenix and slowly approached the prone figure. Kneeling down, she turned the teenager over, gasping as she saw his face. Standing up and backing away quickly, she exclaimed, "No, it can't be!" "Lily?" A man with messy black hair and glasses said as he came down the stairs from the second level of the house, stopping dead when he saw his unconscious son lying on the floor. Looking from his wife to his child and back again, James was flabbergasted. "What the…? Lily… He's supposed to be dead !" Lily knelt down next to Harry. She gently stroked his cheek with one hand before brushing his bangs away from his face, her breath catching slightly at the sight of the lightning shaped scar on his forehead. "He's alive," she said, happily, tears in her eyes as she looked up at her husband. "James, our little boy is alive." Wiping her tears away as she stood, she pointed her wand at Harry and said,