Hi guys, so I had this idea and decided to type it up. It's a Dark!Trio story which is something I've never tried before so I hope it's ok Sorry, this isn't an update, just a few corrections that needed seeing too! Disclaimer: Everything belongs to the amazing J.K. Rowling. Warning: Blood, Gore, Torture, abuse. Of Lies and Deceit and Hidden Personas. Chapter 1. It had been a long time coming really. Year after year of constant fighting and suffering was going to leave its mark on anyone, and Harry Potter had finally had enough. He was sick and tired of everything, the constant stress and the worry, wondering if he was going to survive the end of the school year or not, or if he was going to be murdered by his whale of an uncle. Every year was the same, every year was a constant fight and now Sirius was dead. His Godfather, his father almost was snatched away from him, taken before his time and it hurt. It made his choke on the air he tried to breathe, his head and heart burned in grief and he didn't know how to handle ' death had hammered another nail in the coffin, just another tragedy to add to the list. He didn't know how much he could take, how long he could go on for with all this pain. When a letter had arrived, even though he hadn't recognised the bird he hope that it was Ron or Hermione, but it was not to be. Dear Harry, I regret to inform you that you will no longer be able to correspond or interact with Mr Weasley and Miss Granger has been due to your public friendship and their known actions against the enemy becoming an increasing threat upon their lives. The prophecy's wording is clear. Only you alone can defeat Lord Voldemort, a weighted task I understand, however once you have succeeded you will be free to return to you friendship in safety. I have constructed a separate ward to surround your home to protect you from all mail being sent to you, and it will also block your own messages as we can no longer be assured that the letters will not be tracked or tampered with. Because of the current safety risks, I am afraid you will have to remain with your relatives until the start of term when you will be collected and escorted to the platform. The magical world is in a precarious position since the reveal of Lord Voldemort and we cannot afford for anything to happen to you. Our information suggests that Voldemort intends to recruit students, so you will be receiving private rooms to protect you and those around you from danger. I apologise for the burden placed upon you, my boy, but your destiny has been set and must be fulfilled. Yours sincerely, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore. Fury filled him. Rage life never before coursed through his veins and roared in his ears, it was getting hotter, burning at his chest and stabbing at his head until it became physical. Harry keened low in his throat as the pain forced him to his knees, he gripped his head as his magic flared out angrily and whipped around him, something ripped in his mind and his was overcome with memories that flooded his mind. They flashed past, showing how he, Ron and Hermione were repeatedly obliviated, how they were lied to and plotted against by people they thought they could trust. He had started to doubt Dumbledore after he had revealed the prophecy, but that wasn't new doubt, it was his hidden knowledge that was warning him again, his instincts. Knowledge poured in to his mind, things he had read and studied that Dumbledore had removed, things he had created or developed, family knowledge and the truth about the world he lived in. And as the memories kept coming, his rage grew until it was spiralling out of his control. He screamed. Everything around him was crushed under the weight of his magic, while the floorboards and door started to warp and twist. So much had been taken from him, from them . And it all went back to one person. "BOY!" The sound of his uncle's voice cut through his mind, stirring his already boiling anger and tipping the pot. His well-build control, one that had been hidden from him, one that he needed to protect himself and the people around his shattered in an audible crack . "GET DOWN HERE YOU WORTHLESS FREAK!" His uncle screamed at him. Harry's head snapped around upon hearing that word, his expression was void of anything but his eyes were starting to glow dangerously. Harry smiled slowly. It wasn't an ordinary smile, it was wide, cruel and more than half insane. He unfolded his body and rose to his feet in one fluid motion ignoring his usual summer injuries with practiced ease, using calm movements that didn't portray the madness in his expression, he summoned his hidden belongings and left the room. "I TOLD YOU TO GET DOWN HERE FREAK!" With precise, graceful steps, Harry moved along the hall and down the staircase, his magic shedding all foreign magic on his person and revealing him to how he truly looked. His hair became silky, while still managing to look a mess it looked controllable and set, his skin became creamy and unblemished other than the bruises and cuts, his frame filled and grew, becoming tones and lithe, and his previously softened features became sharper, cleaner, displaying his pureblood ancestry. "Yes uncle Vernon?" Harry asked sweetly and received a full blown kick to the stomach and he heard one or more ribs crack. "What do you think you are doing making all that racket, it isn't enough that you have to taint us with your freaking ways." The whale like man hissed and Harry's smile grew. "I'm sorry uncle Vernon I didn't mean to." "That's not good enough boy." Vernon grabbed his nephew by the hair and dragged him in to the kitchen to give him a good thrashing, he threw the boy to the floor and took of his belt but before he could strike the young wizard Harry turned. "No uncle Vernon I don't think we will be doing that today." "Why you-," "Quiet pig." Harry slashed his hand through the air silencing him, the man's eyes went wide and Harry began to laugh which drew Dudley and Petunia in to the room. "Oh look the rest of the family's here." "What are you doing boy?" "I'm going to kill you now. Imperio, " Harry waved his hand and shot the spell at Vernon who got a glazed look, he picked up a knife and walked calmly over to his son, who screamed when he realised he couldn't move, and stabbed him repeatedly spraying blood everywhere. Petunia was screaming for him to stop but he didn't, he started to carve out he own son's eyes much to Harry's delight, the teen was covered in blood but he relished in it. When Dudley was dead Harry released the spell and watched as Vernon broke down in horror but Harry wasn't done yet, he made Vernon pick up the knife again and carve filth on his wives back as she screamed out. He made him beat his own wife to death before he released him for the second time and Harry could help but giggle as Vernon cried. "No one can hear you uncle." Harry picked up the dropped knife slished it viciously across Vernon's face making him cry out. "It hurts doesn't it?" Harry asked sweetly before he began slashing with a vengeance. "That's it scream for me uncle. No one will help you uncle. I will end you uncle." Harry cackled gleefully as he coated himself in his uncles blood, and with a final slash to the throat Vernon lay still. He calmly placed the knife on the counter and moved towards the cupboard under the stairs, shrinking down his belongings and tucking them in to a pocket. Harry span on the spot and landed outside a set of grand double doors, remembering his manners, he knocked on the door and hoped someone was in. The doors opened to reveal Draco Malfoy who when from emotionless to shock to horror in about three seconds, silently he pulled his secret friend in. "What the hell happened?" Draco demanded in a hiss, the Dark Lord was in the manor right now and it really would not be good for him to see Harry, who was covered in blood, looking completely insane without his glamour, the blondes mind was working a mile a minute but coming up with nothing. Harry tilted his head and let out a childish giggle which made Draco pale; Harry had finally lost it. Hurried footsteps approached and Draco cursed as he father and the Dark Lord came in to the entrance hall and froze. "Is that Harry Potter?" "Uh. Yes, my Lord" "What is he covered in?" "I think it may be blood," "Why is he covered in blood?" "I have no idea." "How did he even get here?" "Again, I have no idea." "What in Merlin's name is going on here, Draco?" "Honestly, father, if you could inform me than I would be extremely grateful." The younger blonde said fretfully as he wrung his hands looking at his friend, who didn't seem to be there anymore. The Dark Lord felt his breath catch when Harry turned to look at him. The boy looked stunning with his longish raven hair contrasting with his pale skin, full red lips curved up in an alluring smile, piercing Avada eyes shone with an insane glint and the blood running down him just added to the effect. Harry giggled again, but this time he spoke in a haunting child-like manor that made everyone shiver. "He lied to me he did, made me forget things he did, told me more lies he did." Harry giggled again; it was clear he wasn't in his right mind. "You're the boy-who-live Harry, Slytherin are evil Harry, you have to save the stone Harry, I'll obliviate you Harry, can't have you knowing the truth Harry." Harry titled his head to the side again. "I'll make sure your abused Harry, we can't have you strong Harry, and I'll bind your magic Harry." He giggled again, the haunting childish voice had everyone frozen in place. "You have to risk your life Harry, but I won't tell you why Harry. I'll destroy your reasons to live and make you rely on me Harry, but don't worry Harry you will never know." Harry laughed and it was the same laugh that Bellatrix gave when she was completely insane. "I'll kill your godfather Harry, I'll create a prophecy Harry, you have to fight Harry because you're our saviour Harry. I'll raise you like a pig for slaughter Harry." He was back to the childish giggle. "Back to the muggles Harry, they will beat you Harry and I'll take away your friends Harry." His smile grew and his eyes blazed. "You're a freak Harry, your worthless Harry, in the cupboard Harry, freaks don't eat Harry." Harry's voice changed to a desperate pleading which was even more frightening with the smile on his face. "Please uncle Vernon I'll be good, stop uncle Vernon I didn't mean it, not the belt uncle Vernon, please uncle Vernon I'm sorry." Harry's voice changed back to child-like which didn't match the evil smile on his face. "No uncle Vernon it won't work this time, I'm sorry uncle Vernon did that hurt? Look uncle Vernon I carved out his eyes, can you see uncle Vernon? Are you sorry uncle Vernon? I'll make you sorry uncle Vernon, that's it scream for me uncle Vernon, no one will hear you just like no one heard me. No one will save you uncle