A/N: I haven't written a Lord of the Rings fanfic in a long time, so this is as much as a surprise to me as it is to you. I actually did not write this recently, I happened to come across it when I was cleaning out my computer files. Since it was mostly done except for a few paragraphs, I edited it and finished it. It's very long, and maybe I should have divided it into chapters, but it's meant to be read as a single story. I hope you enjoy this nonsensical story (I remember it being fun to write!), and I would appreciate reviews and concrit. Thank you! "Wait, Habby!" the hobbit child cried as she hurried to keep up with the older boys. The lads ignored her cries and tried to match the swift speed of their leader, Habby Bolger. Habby looked back at the young Oblila and rolled his dark brown eyes. "If you can't keep up," he called, "then go back home and learn to cook like any other hobbit lass should so you can feed us when we get home!" Some of the others laughed as they wheezed. Oblila frowned and picked up her pace. She would show the boys she was just as good as them. The group skipped up a green rounded hill and came back down to the other side. Oblila tripped over and root and almost rolled down the hill but managed to catch herself just in time. Finally the rather thin hobbit leader stopped and waited for the others to reach where he stood. There was about six of them in all and they stood in silence as they tried to recover their breaths. "Habby," a rather large-footed, even by hobbit standards, ten-year-old turned to the oldest and looked at him with sincere worry in his green eyes. "Why did you lead us here?" The other children looked just as concerned as the one who had spoken. Habby chuckled and turned towards the large looming forest before them. Large trees were crushed to together wildly and large limbs hung over the Hedge that guarded Buckland from the life-like trees. "The Old Forest?" one whispered, his fear apparent in his voice. "You afraid, Doddy?" The young hobbit shrunk back and did not answer. "Are you afraid, Oblila?" Habby asked. He had a strange expression on his face, one that Oblila could not identify but it unsettled her nonetheless. "Me? Afraid of the Old Forest?" She raised her quivering chin up bravely. "No." "I bet you are," a hobbit named Parren said. He grinned at Habby as he understood what he was planning. "Am not!" she took a step forward and her eyes burned with pride and anger and a glint of fear. "Prove it." Habby turned towards the other boys who now watched the scene unfold before them with interest. "Prove that you are not afraid by going into the Old Forest." "What? You know we aren't supposed to pass the Hedge!" Oblila whispered with horror as his suggestion. "So, you are afraid, aren't you? Perhaps you should go home." "No!" she cried then frowned. She was not sure yet whether she wanted to take this bait but before she could stop herself she burst out: "What do you want me to do?" "Go into the Old Forest and walk for an hour, then we'll come and find you." The other hobbit children looked uneasy and shuffled their feet. Oblila hesitated and stared at the ground in indecision. "Well, aren't you, or are you?" Habby demanded. Oblila looked towards the trees and gulped hard. Habby rolled his eyes. "Come on, lads, we might as well go, she is as afraid as a chicken." The hobbit lass looked up suddenly with determination in her gaze as she stared at Habby icily. "I'm going." She turned towards the Hedge and quickly waddled up to it. Then with one glance at the hobbits, she passed through and entered the wood. Habby started to walk back to Brandy Hall. "What are you doing?" Parren asked. "Going back to Brandy Hall. She'll follow." The hobbit children looked at each other guiltily then shrugged as one by one followed Habby back to their home. "Habby?" She heard leaves rustling nearby. More than two hours had passed from the time she set out into the dangerous Old Forest and there had yet been any sight of her companions. After wandering around for an hour she had sat down and waited patiently, thinking her friends would not be long in arriving where she was. But it was started to grow dark and cold and fear started to set into her about all the stories she had been told about the mysterious wood surrounding Buckland. "Habby, this isn't fun anymore!" she cried with more volume and persistence. Soft drops of rain drifted and fell between the trees to the forest floor below and several loud creaking sounds permeated the stillness around her. She did not realize until then how eerily quiet it had been. The rain fell more steadily and the groaning increased with intensity. Oblila froze. The trees were moving. She darted away from the old oak tree she had been sitting under a moment ago and tripped over a root that had just appeared. Her hands and feet slid in the thick slimy mud as she regained her balance clumsily. Her entire body was soaked through with the now pounding rain and her green and yellow dress was caked with mud and damp with water and tears. She pushed her mousy brown hair away from her face and trotted back in the direction she had thought she had come from, only to head for the heart of the deadly Old Forest. She spent an hour trekking through the Old Forest, tripping over sudden tree roots, ducking wayward branches that always seemed to purposely aim for her sweet face, and trudging through muddy puddles. The state of her situation came to Oblila: she was lost. Exhausted and scared, the young hobbit lass collapsed wearily against a birch tree and hugged and stroked its smooth bark for comfort. Her eyelids began to droop and despite her circumstances, Oblila escaped into the world of deep dreams. Visions of gold hidden deep within a large cave danced before her dreaming eyes. In her dream, she wandered the cave for hours until she came upon a fierce and evil dragon that raised his proud head and breathed fire in her direction. Oblila awoke suddenly and heard snapping, groaning and rustling above her. The night air was chilled and sharp, and Oblila tucked her shivering knees under her skirt and rested her head on her curled legs. The forest was too dark to see and no moonlight shone through the thick over brush. She leaned back against the tree for warmth and comfort and to her surprise the tree supplied what she needed. The roots pulled themselves out of the wet dirt and wrapped around the hobbit-child in a comforting embrace. Several hundred browning leaves floated softly through the air from above and landed in cushy piles on the child's body. A flash of lightning brightened the area and revealed something Oblila did not understand. The surrounding trees were leaning over her and threateningly sticking branches at her, only to be pushed away by her tree. It did not occur to Oblila that the tree was protecting her, but regardless of her fright and confusion the child rested against the birch tree and hugged it once more, only to soon fall into a deep exhausted sleep. Dawn's bright rays of sunshine splashed over the beautiful land known as the Shire. Hobbits greeted the day with a filling breakfast and a slow willingness to start on the new day's chores. Some of the hobbits did not react so peacefully to the sun. "She has been gone all night," cried Oblila's mother. Salma Boffin sat restlessly at the Master Brandybuck's breakfast table. She was eating little, proving to the Brandybucks that she was truly distraught. Salma Boffin, her maiden name Brandybuck, had knocked on the Brandybuck's door late last night because her young daughter had not come home. It was perfectly normal at Brandy Hall for hobbit children to run freely throughout the buildings and surrounding lands, and was always deemed perfectly safe. Once the children came to the age of tweens they would stop their silly games and act more stationary, but no less wild. Estella Brandybuck offered Mrs. Boffin some tea while Meriadoc Brandybuck, Merry to his friends and family, sent his son Wiladoc, called Willy or Will, to see if Mrs. Boffin's sister would stay at Oblila's apartment in case she would return there. Willy was very worried for his friend, Oblila, for he knew her very well. She liked to go on risky adventures and act very un-hobbit-like sometimes. Willy resembled his father very much in looks and personality. He had tight brown curls and brown eyes that shone remarkably like Merry's, and was unusually tall for a hobbit his age. His heart-shaped face and mushroom round nose he had acquired from his mother, but in everything else he was a miniature Merry. He had a natural born confidence and purpose and his father taught him to think rationally and clearly. Responsibility for his fellow hobbits and himself was instilled in him at a young age. He was bred to be the next Master of Buckland. He swiftly twisted through the intricate hallways on the way to his aunt and uncle Brandybucks. Hobbits passed by him and greeted him warmly, to which he smiled in return, and the hobbits headed without a care to their daily activities. Willy bit back a laugh as he watched a frustrated mother chase her willful, partially dressed toddler down the hallway. Willy loved Brandy Hall, its warm wooden structures, its busy and excitable occupants, and its warmth and cheer. He turned one last corner and knocked on the large, round door. He could hear light footsteps and then the door opened to reveal large feet covered in brown hair. Willy looked up into the happy, good-natured face of his Uncle Berilac. "Hullo Uncle Berry, is Aunt Hilda inside?" "Why yes, she is. Would you like to come in?" Willy walked in purposefully and glanced around the spacious hobbit home for his aunt. They weren't really his aunt and uncle, but Berilac was Willy's grandfather's son. Berilac was not much older than Meriodoc, only about fifteen years, and Berry's children were younger and the same age as Will. "Willy!" exclaimed a little hobbit of about two years old. Willy looked down into the round face of his little cousin, Celadina. She lifted her pudgy arms, demanding to be picked up and Willy complied and laughed when she kissed his cheek. "Where is your mama?" he asked the toddler. Celadina frowned, trying to remember when she last saw her, and pointed to the kitchen. Aunt Hilda was cooking some bacon when Willy entered the kitchen. "Will, how are you doing? Would you like some nice crispy bacon?" she offered. Hilda knew something was wrong when Will politely declined. Will saw her worried expression and explained, "Oblila, your niece has gone missing and has been gone all night. My Dad asked if you could stay at Mrs. Boffin's house, seeing how she might come back and may need someone at home, that's all." "Why, of course, Willy. I'll go over there at once." She untied her apron and washed her hands as she continued talking. "That lass is trouble, and no mistake. Begging your pardon, Willy, I know you two are friends, but she is always getting her mama all frantic by running off and causing a ruckus." Willy nodded, but did not voice his opinion on his friend. Though life was seldom monotonous, Oblila was always around to make life more adventurous and exciting. "Could you