Title: What Hope I Can Offer Disclaimer: Lord of the Rings and all its characters and place names belong to J.R.R. Tolkien. So, unless I'm unconsciously a reincarnation of him, I own none of it. Summary: On the journey to Helm's Deep, Legolas help Aragorn deal with his guilt over the events since Boromir's death and his fears for the future (movieverse). Rating: K Genre: Angst, Drama, and a little Humor...not entirely sure what genre this fits in. AN: I've followed the tradition that Legolas was born toward the end of the Watchful Peace, making him about 560 in this story. Also, that Aragorn (known as Estel throughout his childhood) was raised as one of Elrond's sons, and therefore Elladan and Elrohir would have been brothers to him. Finally, according to the map in the back of the book, it is about a seventy-five mile journey from Edoras to Helm's Deep as the crow flies, and so this story takes place during that journey. This story was written for Celebdil-Galad and Tinlaure's 2nd story challenge. It won first place...but was also the only entry. Oh well. What Hope I Can Offer — One night in camp on the road to Helm's Deep— " What do you fear, my Lady?" " A cage. To stay behind bars until use and old age accept them." Eowyn's words echoed in Aragorn's mind as he paced at the edge of the camp. Huddled together in a mass were the people of Edoras, fleeing to Helm's Deep in fear of the impending attack. You fear a cage? Aye, so do I. Truth was, every step of this journey seemed to take him farther and farther from Strider the Ranger and closer to Aragorn the King. It was not something he wanted. He did not like to be chained to the fate of Middle-Earth, to have so much depend on his taking up the throne of Gondor. He stopped, looking out into the darkness of Rohan. It would be so easy to slip away now. The guards were preoccupied and would think little of his escape. They would likely not notice if he left his horse behind, and it would be morning before anyone would discover that the ranger was missing. Aragorn toed the line of firelight, stepping just into the shadow beyond. Could he? Could he truly turn his back on the kingship again, fleeing back into the wild and away from his ill-fated destiny? It would break Arwen's heart, as Elrond had decreed she would marry no less than the King of Gondor, but how could he take up the throne when he could not control his own life? One of the children cried out, his mother quickly comforting him. Aragorn stopped to survey the sleeping people he was here to protect. No, he could not leave these people. Not now, not when they were facing the armies of Isengard. He turned back to face the darkness, wondering if he would ever have a chance to escape like this once they reached Helm's Deep. A slight, almost inaudible sound caught his ear. "What is it, Legolas?" he asked softly. The elf snickered faintly. "I did not know you heard me coming," Legolas admitted, coming to stand next to Aragorn as he stared out into the gloom that surrounded them. Both were silent, Aragorn trying desperately to ignore the elf standing beside him. "What do you see, Aragorn?" Legolas finally asked. The ranger mulled over the question for a moment. "Darkness. They do not flee to safety but into danger. Saruman will be expecting this." "Aye," Legolas agreed. "But all is not dark…look." Aragorn followed the Elf's gesture to where Earendil still burned brightly. "Perhaps there is still hope, Estel." Aragorn's mouth twisted into a wry expression at the elf's use of his old name. "I am Estel no longer," he muttered. "I am forced to become Aragorn now." Legolas glanced sideways at his friend. "Aye, you are. Aragorn, son of Arathorn, heir to the throne of Gondor." Recognizing Legolas' words from the council, Aragorn shot a glare at the elf. "Gondor has no king," he answered bitterly, echoing Boromir, "Gondor needs no king." "What know you of Gondor's needs?" Legolas rebuked him gently. "Did not Boromir speak of how Minas Tirith is failing, how his father no longer has the power the House of Stewards once had?" "Is it now my fault that the Stewards cannot stand?" Aragorn turned, grabbing Legolas' tunic with both hands and nearly lifting the slender archer off his feet. "Am I to be blamed for all the weakness in Men?" Legolas pushed Aragorn's hands away, straightening his tunic. "Something bothers you," he stated. "What is it?" Aragorn turned and stalked away, muttering to himself about ornery elves and their self-assuredness. Legolas quickly caught up to him and put a hand on his shoulder, only to have the Man jerk away. "Leave me a moment's peace!" he growled, nearly waking some of the men who slept near. In reply, Legolas grabbed his arm and pulled him away from the camp into the gloom that surrounded it and pushed him down to sit on a rock. "You will tell me what is going through that mind of yours, Human, or I will drag it out of you," he threatened, holding Aragorn in place. The ranger fought the elf's grip, cursing viciously and calling Legolas' immediate ancestry into question. Legolas merely raised an eyebrow, finally letting go when Aragorn showed some sign of calming down. "Strider, please," Legolas sat on the rock beside him, resting a hand lightly on his shoulder. "You have always helped me with my burdens…allow me to help you with yours." Aragorn turned away, focusing on the distant mountains. His emotions were boiling just beneath the surface, ready to break out at any moment. Legolas remained quiet, only the gentle pressure on Aragorn's shoulder assuring him the elf was still there. "I," Aragorn began, taking a deep breath and closing his eyes before tears could form, "I do not wish to be king." He heard the elf sigh, and Legolas scooted around until he was once again beside Aragorn, this time with his arm around him. "That is not all, is it?" The ranger dropped his head into his hands. "Everything I do goes amiss," he finally admitted. "I could not save Boromir, I could not rescue the Hobbits, I could not sway Theoden from this plan of retreat…how can I be king if I cannot even control the circumstances around me?" With his admission, the despair he'd been suppressing began to break through as his tears fell. "I cannot become king, Legolas. I cannot bear to fail the people of Gondor." Legolas remained quiet as Aragorn wept out his frustration, his hand moving in soothing circles on the hman's back. Only when the man's sobs ceased did the elf speak up. "Do you remember when we met, Estel?" he asked. "I told you, I am Estel no longer," Aragorn replied bitterly. "Part of you will always be Estel," Legolas countered, his voice still soft. "Just as part of you has always been Aragorn, no matter how you tried to hide or reject it. Tell me, Aragorn, do you remember when we met?" Aragorn sucked in a deep breath and blew it out, calming his emotions. "It was that archery tournament in Mirkwood, wasn't it? My brothers were competing, and they brought me along to see the best archers of Imladris defeat Mirkwood's champions." "Aye, and what happened?" The ranger looked up, meeting the elf's gaze with some confusion. "They lost," he replied simply, "to you. You won the tournament and our eternal admiration." Legolas chuckled at that last bit. "But what if I told you I berated myself for weeks afterward because I did not manage to score perfectly on the tournament? I may have bested the other archers, but I forced myself to practice endlessly because two of my shots were not perfect bulls-eyes." Aragorn's jaw dropped. "Why would you do that?" "It was not perfect," Legolas twisted around to sit cross-legged, facing Aragorn with a serious expression. "I believed I had let my family down because of those two shots, because they saw I was not the perfect marksman they thought me to be." The ranger shook his head. "And here I thought I knew everything about the stubbornness of elves." The elf smiled at this comment. "It would be wise if you could apply this lesson to your own life, Aragorn." Aragorn frowned, dropping his gaze to his hands. "I do not see how the two could relate." "Don't you?" "No. Yours was an issue of pride." "And your is not?" "Legolas, the lives of the Fellowship have depended on my decisions and I have failed at every choosing." "And yet we are still alive." "Boromir died!" "Yes he did, but it was not your fault," Legolas shook his head. "It was his own weakness that was his undoing. Had he not tried to take the Ring…" the elf's voice trailed off as Aragorn stared at him. "Is something wrong?" "How could you know?" Aragorn asked softly. "I told no one." "I had guessed it," Legolas shrugged. "The Ring tempted all in the Fellowship, and he was already worn by worry and grief. I thought if his despair got the better of him he might try to take it, and when he and Frodo both went missing I assumed the worst." "He died because I failed to see his weakness." "Nay, he died because he tried to save two hobbits from a band of Uruk-Hai. Aragorn, he failed but he redeemed himself from his failure." Aragorn gave the elf a hard look. "How can you be sure?" "Whom did he run to protect? Did he seek the Ring when the Uruk-Hai attacked? No, he fought to the death to defend two hobbits that, for all appearances, had little or no purpose in the Fellowship. He protected them simply because they were his friends and they needed him. Aye, Aragorn, Boromir overcame the call of the Ring in the end. His momentary weakness was no more your fault than mine." The ranger lowered his head again, another shuddering sigh tearing through his body. "But if I had been there…" "You were," Legolas lifted Aragorn's chin, forcing the man to meet his gaze. "We fought the Uruk-Hai in those same woods. You were there, Aragorn, and because of you he did not die alone and dishonored. Boromir's death was not in vain," Legolas couldn't keep a faint smile from coming to his lips as he remembered the words the man had spoken to Frodo as they waited in Lorien. "You already carry a heavy load, Aragorn. Do not carry the weight of the dead." Aragorn closed his eyes, tears leaking from behind his eyelids again. Legolas pulled him into an embrace, pressing the ranger's head against his shoulder. "No, we were not in time to save the hobbits," Legolas continued as Aragorn quietly cried against him. "But remember what Gandalf told us. They must wake the Ents and bring them to war. That is their purpose in this quest—a purpose that would likely have gone unfulfilled had we rescued them while they were in the hands of the Uruk-Hai. And I do not believe there is a man alive right now who can change Theoden's mind once it is made up," Legolas commented with a bitter laugh. "He strikes me as something of a stubborn man, and we cannot blame him for seeking to maintain some control after having spent so long under Wormtongue's spell." The elf's voice dropped even lower, almost to a whisper. "You will be King of Gondor someday, Aragorn, but you do not have to put away the ranger just yet." Sniffing away the few tears that remained, Aragorn slowly pulled out of the elf's embrace. "When did you become so wise,