Title: I Am Hunter Rating: K+ Disclaimer: Yeah, it's not mine...not really. Except the narrator, sort of. Summary: I am Draug . I am Hunter. And tonight I repay my debt. First-place winner of October Teitho challenge (Original Character). I am Draug . I am Hunter. And this forest is my home. My people have lived beneath these trees for generations, hunting where we wished and growing strong. But recent moons have been more tragic. Our hunting grounds have been taken over by strangers, and many of my people killed. And while my people have lived beneath these trees alongside the elves for generations, men have now invaded and stolen our hunting grounds. Wary of their traps, we have had to hunt in less plentiful places. Driven out of the homes we knew as cubs, we now battle for life beneath these blessed trees. Now I, I alone, have the courage to return to these grounds where game is plentiful. For I am Draug . I am Hunter. And I must feed my pack tonight. I raise my nose to the wind, a low growl filling my throat as a familiar scent dances in the breeze. Blood. There is a wounded creature nearby, perhaps something caught in one of the hunters' traps. I have no qualms with stealing the prey from the men's traps. For their traps are cowardly...they do not hunt with the same honor as the elves. Many times the prey is left in the traps for days, dying and putrefying until it is only fit for spiders. But this blood is fresh. I follow its trail on the wind, hesitating as the scent mingles with other smells. Horses, men...and elves. Crouching low, I make my way between the trees in pursuit of my quarry. I can smell the scent of men around me, the sense of their greed and malice, and I know this is where they have laid their traps. In a moment, I have found the source of the blood. It is an elf, lying curled against a tall, proud oak. The scent of the blood is strong, and now I can see the trail he has left through the fallen leaves. But more than the smell, I can sense the weakness in him. He must have been hurt by the hunters' traps, poisoned by the venom with which the traps are laced. In my heart, I have pity for this elf. I have lost two pack-brothers to these poisons, and one pack-brother was killed merely for daring to hunt where men lay their traps. Their carcasses were left for the spiders, and few of my people now dare to venture here. I step forward, savoring the smell of blood. My people do not usually dare to attack the elves, but this one has been wounded and weakened to the point where I could kill him easily. He raises his head, his eyes catching mine. I watch as he struggles to rise, and falls back to the earth with a whimper. I sit back, watching the elf carefully. I strikes me as odd that I remember this one. I have seen many elves in my lifetime, many more than I have ever cared to see, yet I remember this one. The need to hunt is pressing on me, but I force it down with the rationalization that this elf is too weakened to escape. He will still be here once I understand how I remember him. The elf looks at me again, pain etched in his pale face. His arms are wrapped around his belly, his wounded leg drawn in as much as he can bear. I can still see a hint of a shaft of wood protruding from his leg...remnant, perhaps, of the hunter's trap. His eyes haunt me in a strange way, and the edge of a memory dances into my mind. I had seen those same eyes many seasons ago, before we were driven from our hunting grounds. It had been in the days before I led the pack, in the days when favor was granted to the most daring who brought in the largest bounty. I had chased a stag for many miles, tracking it over hill and through water. Its every attempt at evading me was useless, and I could sense it weakening and tiring. The stag was magnificent...prey worthy to take to my pack-father. The stag was momentarily out of sight when I heard it trumpet in pain. I bounded after my prey, stopping short in disgust. An elf was approaching it, bow in hand, his arrow buried in the stag's shoulder. The elf saw me, and regarded me with those glittering blue eyes that are now watching me warily. For a moment we watched each other, then, to my surprise, the elf bowed and backed away. "I did not know you were hunting here, friend," he said to me in a soft voice. "I will not take your prize from you." I was startled. Never had any of my people been treated with such honor, yet it seemed the elf was truly going to abandon the stag and hunt elsewhere. I had hesitated, concerned this was some new trick but the elf did not turn back to claim my prey. Once assured that the elf truly was leaving the stag to me, I killed it and dragged its body back to my pack. It truly had been a magnificent beast. It had fed many in my pack that night, and won me the esteem of my pack-father...as well as the affection of my mate. But now this elf is at my mercy, yet I cannot move against him. Because of that hunt I became esteemed enough in my pack-father's eyes to succeed him...I owe this elf my place as leader of my pack. So I will not move. I lower myself down to rest, regarding the elf with a sigh. I will watch over him until one of his people arrives to care for him. For I am Draug . I am Hunter. And I remember my debts. He seems to understand that I will not harm him, for he slowly lowers his head. A low moan escapes his lips, and he seeks to curl even further into himself. I worry that he will die, now. The poison in the traps was enough to kill my pack-brothers, it is amazing it has not killed the elf already. Perhaps they do have some strength to them, even if they often appear as fragile as a new-born flower. Rising to my feet, I slowly step forward. I watch him stiffen, sense his apprehension as I approach. He has other wounds, I notice. Wounds that were left by no trap, made by no hunter's weapon. I have seen wounds like this before. They are the sort of wounds men leave on each other when they fight. For unlike my people, men cannot tear with their teeth and claws, and instead strike with their limbs. The elf bears many such wounds, and I wonder at that. I have not witnessed many elves attacking each other in this manner...where might this elf have been wounded so terribly? Sensing his discomfort at my presence, I move back to watch him from a distance. He is alarmingly weak, and I wonder what hidden strength keeps him alive. I stiffen as unwelcome sounds catch my ears. Men are approaching, the thunder of their feet an abomination to the blessed quiet of this forest. I watch the elf, watch him struggle to pull himself up to his feet only to fall back with a strangled cry. They are nearing now. I could escape them with ease, and they would never know I had been here... But I will remember my debt. I stand as they tramp into the clearing, jeering at the elf. I see five of them, each of them as filthy and foul as the scavenger spiders that dare encroach on my people's hunting grounds. One of them strikes the elf with his foot. Another hauls him up by one arm. The elf's face pales, and he cannot hold back his cry of pain. I do not know what reason men would have for making an elf their prey, but I cannot stand idly by and let my debt go unpaid. I growl and lunge for one of the men, snapping at his leg. He shrieks, and the other man drops the elf and backs away. I do not fear their attack; these men hunt in a cowardly manner, one that shows they fear the forest. And they will fear me...I am stronger than any pack-father before me, strong enough to stand alone against five cowardly men. The men scatter. One dares to draw a bow on me, his hand shaking in his cowardice. I bare my teeth, my growl low and powerful as thunder. His arrow drops useless to the forest floor as he joins his companions in flight, the scent of their fear heavy on the air. I snort in derision. They will not find hunting so easy this night, nor will they have this elf for their prey. Satisfied that they will not attack him again, I turn to leave. I am Draug . I am Hunter. And my debt is repaid. A soft moan catches my attention, and for a moment I glance back at the elf. He leans against the tree, beads of sweat trailing down his pale face. The scent of blood is stronger, and I can see the bright red patch growing on his side where he had been struck. My debt is repaid...yet I cannot bring myself to leave him. My people have long honored the elves for their place in the forest. Unlike the other packs, we have not dared to attack them unless necessity required it or to protect our own, nor have we ever allied ourselves with the filthy goblins of the mountains. To abandon this elf while he lies near death and unable to defend himself would be the same as if I tore his throat out myself. So I return to lie in my former position, facing the elf with my head on my forelegs. In a way, he reminds me of one of my own people. One of my pack-brothers had once been terribly wounded in a fight with a rogue from another pack. We did not think he would survive his wounds, and many among us left him for dead but still he survived. He had grown stronger, and become one of our fiercest warriors and greatest hunters. Even so, he was the first to die when the men began to invade our grounds. I can see some similar spirit in this elf. Many other creatures would not survive his wounds, yet some stubbornness within him will not let him die. His ragged breathing is the only sound that fills the air between us. I find myself watching the movement of his chest with every breath as though mesmerized at the elf's desperation to survive. The elf's breath hitches for a moment, and I raise my head in concern. He doubles over, collapsing onto the ground as though unable to sit up anymore. A soft whimper meets my ears as the elf writhes on the ground. He shudders, and then goes still. For a moment, the forest falls deathly silent. I rise quickly, and trot to the elf's side. His breathing is now so shallow I do not know that I could have heard it had I not been standing over him. He trembles even in his senseless state, his face pale as the moon. Hesitantly, I lower my head and nudge his cheek with my nose. I recoil almost instantly. His skin is cold and clammy, as though he has just been soaked in the river, and the sense of weakness that clung to him has grown stronger than