Dusk fell on the streets of London, the twilight painting the damp cobblestones of Diagon Alley in hues of golden, rose, and orange. His shop, Rookwood Remedies, was set in a good corner near Gringotts, a perfect location for what could be a thriving business if the owner didn't settle for just keeping the business as it was. Benjamin Rookwood was a brilliant potion maker but not a good businessman. Luckily for him, his grandfather's brand was well positioned and business was steady as it could be, making enough every trimester to keep bread in his belly. However, while he failed at running the business without a bit of financial stimulant from his wealthy banker of a father in law, he had hoped that his marriage would have been more successful in every other aspect. But alas, his wife had despised him since the moment she was forced to move from her beloved Vert-Du house in Northern Ireland, a mere three months after their wedding. Friends had instantly mocked his lack of spine, for a man should not allow his wife to run back to her parents' house, but he had allowed it. Knowing that to contradict an already unhappy wife could end in nothing but woe. They had married young, she had been a few years younger than he in Ravenclaw at Hogwarts, he a few years older than she in Gryffindor. He spent most of his time in the bowels of the castle in the potions room and saw her there often, rarely speaking. After graduating, he instantly took over his grandfather's shop, hoping the rundown establishment would bring his family from the edge of financial abyss. It didn't. His marriage had been one of opportunity. Her parents of good stock, but foreign. More to the point, they were wealthy beyond comprehension, so a deal was struck and their youngest daughter would marry the Rookwood's only son. He had met the girl eager, her beauty the only thing that had stuck in his memory, but her haughty eyes and airs had put him off at their first meeting and her tenacious nature and hatred of the cold damp of Scotland had spoiled their second meeting. Their third one had been their wedding and despite her being the loveliest bride in all of England, he loathed spending time with her condescending eyes and social climbing parents. After nearly six months married and barely a few cordial words between his wife and himself in the massive castle, he took up with an old friend to find both the company and warmth that his wife lacked. She was a dark girl with ebony eyes and a bright smile who stroked his hand when they spoke and was kind to his woes and worries. That was an additional arrangement to his occasional dalliances with nameless girls in pubs outside of London, where he sought the intimacy he didn't pursue at home. His once sporadic dates with Martha were now a weekly event, and their friendship was a solace to him. Their meetings were set at the same place and at the same time. 9 PM at a muggle pub located a block up street from the Leaky Cauldron. He grabbed his cloak and locked up the place. He didn't intend to be back for the night, likely finding a train north enough to appearate back to Taileasgcoille in the Highlands. The sound of his boots on the street was muted by the constant tapping of the increasing rain as he exited the Leaky Cauldron towards Muggle London, the lamp lights already lit for the night as he lit his pipe, adjusted his hat and clung to his coat collar against the rain, crossing the street towards the Sheep and Crown pub. The place was dimly lit, as if the owners were afraid to spend more in oil for their lamps than what they made in a week. As soon as he stepped through the doors he could smell the heavy buttery cooking, the sour smell of ale, and the pipe weed and tobacco that hung above the patrons like the ghost of lovers past. The lively mood made up for the lack of elegance of the place, and the cheap and hearty portions of the kitchen made one glide over the truth of people attending this place to forget the sorrows of their daily lives. His eyes spied Martha in a corner table, knowing to stay away form the bar and the noisy drunkards. She smiled broadly as he shook his hat and coat, hanging both up as he sidled into the seat, his back to the wall, warmed by the nearby fire and her hand picking up his, "My Lord Benjamin, you'll catch a terrible cold." "Hearty bowl o' soup and an ale will warm ma blood ma'dear, worry not." He rubbed his thumb against her knuckles and smiled back, "Warm my brain and speak to me." He met the innkeeper's eyes and nodded, and before Martha had drawn a second breath telling Ben about her day, they both had overflowing plates in front of them and two pints. He quickly tucked into his plate while she continued, making affirmative grunts at the appropriate times. Her story concluded just as he was wiping the crust of his bread against the bottom his bowl, draining his drink. "Ye've had quite a week." He wiped his lips on his sleeve as he asked her of the children that were her charges, the job he got for her by asking a friend to hire the woman to be governess of their children. She was very bright and was wonderful with children, a woman he wished he were able to marry. A commotion across the bar drew his attention as he spied a band of men harassing a woman. One appeared to be grabbing at her skirt, another at her chest. He sighed, his position and morals pressing him to go save the poor lady from the mob less her honour be taken from her. Leaning over he kissed Martha's cheek and they separated ways early for the night, and he walked her to her carriage before returning to aide the poor lady. "Ok gentlemen, let's not be animals, the poor lass-..." He started, his Scottish burr more pronounced when he spoke louder as he pulled several away, his eyes going wide as he spied his wife's face, "Georgiana?" "Benjamin!" She darted to him, her dress in tatters as he pulled her from the hungry men. "Aw Me n'tha mate's jus'wantad a taste good ser-... But f'you bee knowing the lady, we'll le'u taste first." "That's my wife." He snarled through gritted teeth and pulled her away from the fiends. He could feel his wand in the back of his trousers and knew he could fend the men off, but not in public. "We're leaving." He pulled her by her elbow and stormed out of the pub, grabbing his hat and coat as a final thought against the roaring rain, pulling the heavy coat around his wife. They made it barely halfway to the leaky cauldron when she tugged him into an alley and they apperated to his storefront; he removed the lock charm and opened the door, both of them drenched by the time they made it inside. "Georgiana, what the BLAZES were you doing there?" He spun on her, ignoring the cold that made his bones ache. He could hear her teeth chatter as he made his way around, muttering the incantation to light the candles, "Didn't- wanna-... go... for supper... home. Heard y-y-you... t-t-talking about th-p-p-pl-place." He shook his head and marched up the stairs. Above the shop was a small sleeping quarters, the single man cot, a writing desk, a small washroom and a fire. She got her wand out and had a roaring fire as he started peeling off his clothes, "Yours off too, I think I have something of my mother's here." He looked over at his wife, her hair plastered to her skin, thinking she had never looked lovelier. Georgiana Antoinette Grey Rookwood was standing in nothing but her torn shift, the material soaked against her normally porcelain skin, which at the moment was looking almost grey, "Georgie, move." She nodded; her face had a grey look that worried him, "They didn't- they didn't hurt you..." She shook her head as she walked past him, stepping into the shower, charming the tub to fill with hot water, "An expensive dress that is now in strips was the only true victim." He rolled his eyes at the seemingly vain comment; had he known his wife better he would have caught the mocking in her voice. She pulled her shift over her head and stepped into the steaming water, groaning as the heat warmed her bones. He took the opportunity while she was out of the room to strip down and lay the clothing out over the fire to dry, for charms never worked as well as a fire. After looking through some old boxes he found a shift that was indeed his mother's and not of one of the girls he'd had by both before and likely after his wedding. His mind raced while he sat on the cot, the towel and the shift on his lap as he looked around the tiny, Spartan room, thinking He didn't notice her calling him, nor did he notice her walking across the room. It wasn't until she was grabbing the towel from his lap that he looked up. She was holding the towel in front of her, but it barely covered her utterly naked and dripping form. "I-I-I... I b-b... Beg your pardon-..." He blushed brightly as he closed his eyes and his hand shot out, holding the shift out for her. Several minutes later, she cleared her throat and he peeked, seeing her sitting on the hard wooden chair, combing her hair with an odd looking comb. "I couldn't find a comb, so your wine goblet is doing the trick for the time." He nodded and cleared his throat, glancing at the window, "Neither of us is getting home tonight." She nodded, knowing she couldn't manage to appearate to the Highlands, usually going by Floo powder home from Mungo's. And the hour was too late to call upon a friend for a bed for the night. Unless they took rooms at Leaky Cauldron, but she'd never hear the end of it from her mother to be seen there. "Here for the night then." She groaned and settled into the chair. His eyes glanced around the small room, only then realising he had never brought his wife past the front of the shop, the small living quarters remained his, a small private property where he could escape when he was looking for warmth, where he could sleep if work demanded his presence in town till late. Not that she noticed his absent nights from the castle, and if she did, she never mentioned it; after all, he had always been respectful of her, even if they had never seen eye to eye. She finished combing her waist length hair and began braiding it, his eyes watching as her fingers deftly wove through the curls and tamed them into the thick braid that was slightly off centre. They sat in silence for several ticks of the clock when she began shifting in the camisole and he averted his eyes as the material pulled taut against her body. He cleared his throat and fought for topic, facing the difficult task to actually converse with his wife. "Did-... did you eat?" He glanced out the window at the heavy rain, damning its presence for the first time, wishing they were back in the ample castle. She shook her head, "I was-... accosted before I could." He nodded and offered her his dressing coat and his hand as he led her back down the stairs