Unlikely Affections Words: 3,485 Pairing: Death/Harry Potter Beta: None Warnings: This is completely and utterly pretentious. I'm sorry. When he awoke, early enough in the morning that it was still dark, it was to a bed of rotting needles and cool, damp earth. For a minute he panicked, wondering how someone had gotten into his room and brought all this with them without him waking, but that was stupid. The earth wasn't inside , rather he was outside , lying on his back in thin, dirtied nightclothes. He lay there a while, trying to remember if he'd come out here last night and fallen asleep by accident, if he'd woken at all, if he'd perhaps even sleepwalked , but no. His memory was empty of the last few hours, dark and smooth except for the brief, forgotten flashes of dreams and nightmares. He stared at the sky. It was a deep, dark blue, almost black but not quite. The moon hung full and pregnant above him, its brightness enough to see as well as if it were daytime. The clouds were few and far in-between, strung along like cotton candy and floating by ever-so-slowly in a weak, forgotten breeze. He had the strangest feeling that it was going to rain soon. He got up slowly, each movement precise and tentative as if he were an old man with a bad back. He didn't recognise the place he was in, surrounded by ancient, huge yew trees and surrounded by the strangest, wildest of magics. But it didn't matter because, miraculously, his wand lay on the ground next to him. He wondered what it meant. Kneeling down, he picked it up and stared at the smooth, worn holly. It was scratched and chipped in places, the marks of uncountable battles. His silent companion for so long, through so much adversity and pain and circumstance. It was precious. But not quite right. Not anymore. He disapparated. Nothing else happened for the next five days - no sign that Harry had ever woken up somewhere that wasn't his bed, except, perhaps, that it had indeed started raining continuously. He'd tried to return to the clearing, but he found that whilst he could remember it, he could not physically apparate himself to the location. It made him wonder if he'd just dreamt it all, and yet it had felt so incredibly real that he could not find it in himself to believe that it wasn't. The actual evidence for it, though, came on that fifth morning, when he sat up to find an intricately carved wooden box sitting at the foot of his bed. It was smooth across the lid, except for a small carving of a vaguely familiar flower in the corner, but the sides of the box depicted all kinds of detailed and beautiful designs, all of them abstract and yet captivating. He had left the box there as he got up and got ready for the day, glancing ever so often back towards it, as if to make sure it was really there. When he was finally dressed and ready, he made his bed and sat on the edge and put the box in his lap. He was uncharacteristically nervous as he lifted the lid, only to gasp at what lay in its confines. He stroked the soft white material for a minute before getting up in a flurry of motion, pulling the cloth out of its container and holding it up to the light. And then he just stared. It was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen. He'd recognised the material immediately as spider silk, and realised how expensive and luxurious it was, but it was more than that still. The robe was all white, cut and sown in a beautiful, ageless style. It had a mandarin collar and long, fit sleeves that, when he looked closer, had stitching done along the border in white thread, so that tiny snakes and thestrals and crows shimmered faintly against the cuffs when the light hit it right. The rest of the robe was also all white, except for the tiny, sparkling rubies leading down from the left shoulder to the right hip, looking eerily like blood. And yet it was beautiful, and magical in a way he'd never experienced magic before. Harry's had never been one for clothes - life at the Dursleys didn't afford him that luxury. So long as it was comfortable, it worked, and he'd never felt the desire for more, but this... This was something that was just for him, something that was an art form in and of itself, and it took Harry's breath away. Especially when he thought of the amount of emotion hat must have gone into giving a gift like this. He wondered who'd sent it, and looked into the box again, hoping for a card or a sign or something , but there was nothing. A few nights later, he woke up to their sound of ticking right next to his ear, and the foreseen rain still pounding on his window panes. Still half asleep, he turned his head to see a beautiful black box on his pillow, wrapped in bright green ribbon. There was no card, no message or name attached, and for a moment he allowed himself to panic again. Someone had been here, right in this room while he slumbered on, completely vulnerable. Someone had set down a box right next to him , and disappeared without another trace. Again ! But it was compelling. He was curious, and just like damp earth and yew trees and spider silk, there was a residue of magic in the air that was wild and intense and very much not his own, and yet still achingly familiar. He sat up and picked up his glasses from the nightstand with abnormally cold hands. The world came into focus gently as he blinked once, twice, and stared at the greyness of his room in the little light that escaped the clouds. He turned his attention once more to the box on his pillow. It looked much smaller from this vantage point, and he could barely hear the ticking with it so far from his ear. He picked it up, bought it closer to his face and listened as he felt the ticking get louder with proximity, breathed as he felt the sound echo somewhere deep in his chest. After a while, he convinced himself to stop staring like an idiot and open it, so he unwrapped the ribbon carefully, placing it on his nightstand when it had been removed. He had to contain a gasp when he removed the lid to reveal a beautiful, antique pocket watch. It was old, so very old that he could almost feel the age of it, years upon years seeping gradually into his bones and weighing them down. He removed it with reverent, trembling hands, tracing gentle fingers softly over the small bumps of the patterned cover. It was a flower - the same flower depicted on the box he'd received scarcely three days ago - but for the life of him he couldn't recall what the name of it was, or even where he'd seen it before. It was familiar though, the answer just on the tip of his tongue. He sighed to himself, and told himself he'd remember eventually. It seemed to tick louder as it lay in his palm. He pressed the crown and the cover lifted slowly, revealing the face of the watch. He frowned in confusion when he saw it, for was the oddest watch he'd ever seen in his life. The hands of this watch ran backwards . The numbers were in all the right places, Roman numerals ran from one to twelve clockwise, black upon parchment. The hands, however, moved widdershins across the tall, elegant numerals. Not too fast, not too slow, every second counting down rather than up. Just... backwards. There was an odd feeling in his stomach. There was something amiss, he knew it. But he didn't know what, or where to look. Who was it that was gifting him with strange watches in the night, or leaving him in random groves to wake? Who's magic was it, that called to his senses, almost as if tailor-made to fit him, to appeal to him in the strangest, most alluring ways? He did not know, and he wasn't sure if he liked or disliked the mix of fear and anticipation that settled in his stomach when he thought of the situation, but if anything he was sure he needed to know, regardless of his own feelings on the matter. The fourth time, it was the delicate skeleton of a bird. The whole thing was hung above his bed, so that when he opened his eyes the first thing he saw were it's delicate ribs and sharp, black-tipped claws. He tilted his head, and stared in wonder at the fine bone held together only by magic. He later found out it was the skeleton of a crow, and that it was immeasurably old. By all rights, the bone should have crumbled by now, or at least cracked and broken in innumerable places. And yet, here it was in pristine condition, as if the bird had only passed yesterday. There was magic that practically emanated from it, magic that was old and beautiful and wild and strong, so strong, to hold together something so old. To preserve. And he knew it, knew who's it was or even what , but why couldn't he place it? The answer kept eluding him, running like a flighty rabbit from his questing grasp, and he felt like he was lying to himself. It had been raining for days now. It was the fifth time that he was given a hint. This time, there was a diary lying in wait on the modest desk in the corner of the room, black leather cover and green, green letters embossed along the bottom right edge stating his name - Harry J. Potter - in stylised, gothic font. It was old, so old his hands seems to tremble with the age of it, and yet how could it be, if it had his name on it? He hadn't lived that long, isolated from the world. He knew it had been a long time, but surely he would notice centuries ? He had opened it gently, afraid he was going to rip the pages from their binding or damage it somehow, but to his surprise the entire thing was firm and fixed in place. There, he found a small piece of parchment, folded neatly in two. He took it, opened it to see a brief message, written in beautiful, looping script. It was short, and merely read, ' A place for the thoughts in your head .' There was no name, no clue to the identity of the sender. It was merely signed, ' D ', and left him clueless. He frowned, displeased. Who was this, who behaved so secretively and suspiciously? All he wanted to know was who was sneaking into his house at night with the apparent intention of leaving him the strangest of gifts, of all the things to sneak into someone's house for, and in any case he didn't think this was how it was supposed to be done. This was, undoubtedly, an odd way to go about gaining his attention, or whatever else it was the mystery sender was after. And yet, perhaps he did know, because this magic was so familiar to him, and all of these gifts seemed to point him towards something, or someone. They seemed like puzzle pieces, like the teasing edge of a scent of a place you visited a long time ago. Perhaps the problem wasn't that he didn't know, but that he didn't want to admit that he knew. The next time, he ended up outside again, in the same