Important story facts: Bella was born in 1987 and this is set when she is 21 years old. Thus this is set in 2008. Twilight didn ' t happen (well it started to but a different decision changed that course). You ' ll find out why as the story progresses . Needless to say then, this is AU and a bit OOC - mostly with Bella because I hate doormats and cannot respect her character at all in Twilight. I longed for her to stand up for herself. To be her own person and stop subverting herself to others. Her character now is how I think she could have evolved if she had some time to grow up away from both of her parents and the extra pressure they put on her (Charlie less so then Renee but Bella ' s responsibilities their go beyond her fair share of household duties/chores of a child … she took care of him, completely). She still has growing to do (what fun would a story be if she didn ' t?). Also, because the Cullens were only ever a blip on her radar, she DOES NOT know vampires exist. While Jacob Black was in her life, because the Cullens left so early, many of the younger men in the tribe were not forced to shift … yet anyway … . so he had no fold to bring her into. ;) I adore non-canon pairings - especially Jasper and Bella - because they are so much more interesting and I feel they challenge the characters to be far more dynamic and engaging. So despite what this chapter may look like, this is a Jasper/Bella and he will be here next chapter. Just need to establish some themes/character before he gets here. Disclaimer: I own nothing. That honour resides with Stephenie meyer. I ' ve also read way too many fan fictions in huge bursts so some of the general themes in fanon have definitely been incorporated in my head as basic info and just as real as cannon, so anything you recognize from that is unintentional and if you recognize something super specific I want to credit the author for that so please let me know if I don't have it mentioned. SO many variations of AU ' s have been done but I am trying to do something different and twist ideas I ' ve already read. "You've already surpassed your tolerance level, babe. You're going to regret this in the morning," Riley Biers, my partner in debauchery and enjoying your twenties, cheerfully advises from his half propped position on the tabletop. If I wasn't so accustomed to the deep bass of his voice, I wouldn't hear him over the thundering techno music. "I just won't wake up till after noon. Skip the whole morning hangover debacle." The lights flash, catching his dark blonde hair and illuminating his panty-soaking grin. "My little problem solver." Rolling my eyes, I shove the lime wedge in his mouth. "That's enough out of you." I run my hands up his inner thighs, stroking and massaging, much to the delight of the group we met at the youth hostel, if their hoots and hollers are anything to go by. "It's a body shot not a blowjob, pouty lips!" Leandro, a guy from South America catcalls. He joined our quest earlier in the day to find the best gelato in all of Paris. Our findings were inconclusive - none of us could agree - but the boys were demanding we go out again tomorrow to try again. They were oddly fascinated with how I ate. I giggle right before diving in. Riley groans as I lap the salt up, down the shot, and slither up his body to get my lime. Our lips barely brush. I spit out the rind, dodging Riley as he goes to deepen the kiss. He catches my neck instead, but that doesn't seem to bother him any. He goes to town. I can't help but grind myself into his arousal. I've had way too much alcohol tonight to care about our spectators. Hell, we're in Europe. They're more relaxed here, anyway. And holidays are specifically designed for letting loose. I float on the pleasure of being wrapped around his familiar body. I scratch my nails in his scalp before whispering, "I'm going to need at least four more shots if you want me to put out in a hostel." "But you're close to puking level already." He whines against my shoulder. I hum in agreement. "Shoulda sprang for a hotel room if you wanted to get lucky!" I hop off him, ignoring Riley's disgruntled mutterings about being a poor college student and how selfish I was for pretending I didn't have an exhibitionist streak. I don't. But he'll never let me forget my first time getting drunk. Not knowing my limit yet, I drank and drank and drank some more. I drank until I forgot my name. That's my explanation for how I found myself streaking across the University of Oregon's campus in my birthday suit only to collide with a befuddled Riley. Like a modern day gentleman, he offered me his shirt and helped me home. It was the start of a beautiful and mutually beneficial friendship. By the end of my first year in college, we were basically living together in his tiny, cramped apartment - my roommate and former high school best friend, Jessica Stanley, had driven me to my wits end. We've been officially living together for the last two years. His graduation marked the end of an era. The golden age of my life so far. We're commemorating by spending the summer backpacking around Asia and Europe. We're already six weeks deep in our adventure of a lifetime. Come August he'll be headed to NYU to get his Masters in Chemistry while I'll be back in Oregon to finish out my Bachelors majoring in History and minoring in English Lit. I don't know what I'm going to do without him. Feeling weepy and not wanting my Teary Drunk alter ego to surface, I submerse myself in feeling the music. I sway, letting the beat consume me, fully relaxing when I feel Riley's larger frame slip behind me. "You're a tease, babe." His hands grip my hips as we grind together. "Would you have me any other way?" "No. I'll take blue balls over boredom." "I aim to please." With, what I hope is a sultry wink - it's always hard to tell when your veins pound with liquor - I lead him out of the club. "There's an alley round the corner. You know how the cobblestone and old buildings turn me on." "Too bad the garbage and stench of piss turn me off." His grumbling is hard to buy when I can hear the grinning leer. "Hey, they have cleaning crews every morning, mister. They're trying." We stumble onto the street and into an alley. As soon as we're out of sight, I'm shoved into the brick wall but just as I start losing myself in the blissful sensations, I'm ripped from my alcohol encouraged euphoric state. I'm not entirely sure what caused the disruption. I shove at Riley's head, blinking dazedly to scan our surroundings. He buries his head in my chest, nipping and suckling, hands restless and roaming. He's murmuring something, over and over, ignoring my shushes. Anxiety ripples through me, adrenaline flooding me. Something's wrong. My head swims with the alcohol. "I thought our friends Jack and Jose flamed your libido - don't go limp on me now." He tugs up my skirt but I bat at his hands. "C'mon Babe, think of something old." He snickers. I scan the alley, sure I feel someone there. "Riley—" He sighs. "Fine. We'll go to the City of the Dead tomorrow." He shudders, speaking under his breath, "Knew you'd seduce me into the creeptastic underground. Don't even care what you say — it's the work of a killer cult. The dark side of all them ecclesiastics out there." I scoff. "Rapid expansion centuries ago meant burial grounds were harder to come by - having mass graves and cemeteries all over Paris was a public health concern. Using the tapped out limestone quarries beneath the city was a brilliant idea, they—" Riley smothers my lips, devouring my unspoken words. I'm being silly. And Riley is beyond horny if he's agreeing to wander the catacombs with me. I've been working on getting him to go for the past six weeks. I quickly lose myself in the heat between us, tugging at his zipper. "Excuse me, miss. What, may I ask, makes a young lady like yourself so interested in visiting an ossuary? It's dank and dewy and contains the remains of well over six million. Humans don't generally find that sexually arousing." My eyes fly open. A man, as tall as Riley, stands directly behind him. The streetlights cast him in an odd shadow but I'd swear his eyes are a dark red. Freaky contacts dude. It enhances his blade like appearance — hard and sharp. Dangerous. His polite smile only adds to the sinister air about him. "What the fuck man?" Riley spins, keeping me between him and the wall. He jerks at the greek looking man's proximity. Riley presses back, trying to create distance between them. I groan, uncomfortable with the increased pressure. His voice cracks, "We're a bit busy." The handsomest man I've ever seen, chalky olive complexion and all, ignores Riley completely. "Is it mere human curiosity or are you chasing death?" "C'mon, Bella, wrap your legs round me. Let's get out of here." Riley grapples with my unresponsive thighs. My fingers dig into his shoulders, needing purchase as my head swims. Somehow, I sense we're on a precarious slope. I hope the fall doesn't kill us. "See you." Riley sidesteps the absurdly still figure. My heart hammers as we leave him. Everything in me screams not to take my eyes off him but I ignore my fears in favour of looking at the alley's slim mouth, my hope firmly placed on the crowded street. The crowds wouldn't be much help being that it's nearly 2am on a Friday night and everyone's been indulging but there is safety in numbers. Or so the Chief used to say. I barely hear Riley mutter, "Fucking creep." The man is abruptly before us, causing Riley to stumble and curse. Riley's pulse hammers against my arm, his strangled gasp quickly squashed as his drunken bravado takes over. Riley's chest swells. "Thought the don't follow us was obvious." The man tilts his head, face eerily still other than that disarmingly twisted polite smile. "I could follow you anywhere, if I so chose. But you," — his eyes track my form, curled around Riley — "I'd have to rely on my olfactory senses which aren't nearly as infallible, despite your delectable aroma." "Demetri's curiosity will probably lead to your death, sacca di sangue." Two new figures materialize from the ether, flanking him. The woman is gorgeous beyond measure and the man is a hulking monstrosity. I find my voice, finally, "Riley…I'm either a lot drunker than I thought or these people are Superman's kin. The power of our earth's sun's gone and made them inhuman." The Hulk roars with a startled laugh while the other two smile, flashing their glistening white teeth. "You should get on home to Krypton before Riley and I go all Krav Maga on your sexy but pale asses." "Bella…" "Well aren't you just downright edible?" The woman cocks her hip, her skintight, asset displaying dress, leaving nothing to the imagination. "Yes." Riley's grip loosens and I start slipping down his back. "What are your plans tomorrow?" The charm oozes from her sultry voice. I feel it tugging at me, enticing as the smell of freshly baked cookies. "We're heading to a gorgeous seaside villa and would