Hermione was seated on her bed at Hogwarts, she was in her pyjamas reading but she felt as if she was being watched, she kept shooting glances at her pretty recently pedicured feet, as if something was wrong with them. Her toenails were cut short and unpainted and her feet were really soft. She continued reading as if everything was normal. "Petrificus totalus!" Hermione shouted all of a sudden, waving her wand and pointing it near her feet. She heard a loud noise and could see that someone was under an invisibility cloak so she guessed it had to be Harry; she grabbed the cloak and really: it revealed Harry Potter. Why would Harry be sneaking up on me? Hermione asked herself, while she waited for the body-bind spell to wear off. A few minutes passed, she observed when Harry started moving again, and slowly got up. "What the hell was that for, Hermione?" Harry asked angrily, he was still feeling the after effects of the spell, some parts of his body were still numb. "Sorry Harry, I thought it was someone, or something, trying to attack me, but why were you sneaking up on me?" Hermione asked, while Harry sat on the floor next to her feet. "It was just a prank, I was trying to scare you" Harry explained, but Hermione thought that there was something else going on. After Harry explained, they both laughed at what had happened and Hermione took two small bottles of butterbeer from her bag, and offered one to Harry. "Wow, you brought butterbeer, it's the only thing I miss at Hogwarts!" Harry said enthusiastically and quickly opened the bottle and started drinking, and so did Hermione. "Now tell me the truth, who are you?" Hermione asked Harry, she suspected that someone had transformed into Harry with a polyjuice potion, and to make sure Harry answered the truth to every question, Hermione hat put veritaserum, a powerful truth serum, inside Harry's bottle. "I'm Harry!"Harry replied. "Why did you sneak in here with your invisibility cloak, what were your true intentions?" Hermione asked. "I was looking at your feet, admiring them" Harry replied. His eyes were glassy and his voice expressionless and monotone. "Hmm… why?" Hermione continued asking. "Because I have a foot fetish and your feet look really nice and sexy, especially your cute toes" Harry answered, still without any sign of emotion. "Hmm… What were you planning to do with them?" Hermione asked innocently. "I wanted to smell them, lick them and suck on your toes. I have dreamed about that for a long time" Harry answered. Then his state cleared and he was looking at Hermione in shock. "Oh my god! I can't believe you used veritaserum on me!" Harry nearly shouted, after the effect of the serum wore off. "How could you?" "Lick them!" Hermione commanded, lifting her foot in the air, getting it near to Harry's mouth. "What?" Harry asked, he thought Hermione was mocking him. "We both know you want to, you just told me!" Hermione said wriggling her toes near Harry's face. "How dare you? You used veritaserum to prank me and now you're mocking me! Enough is en…" Harry was interrupted by Hermione's big toe that made its way into his mouth without a warning. Harry didn't hesitate long, he tasted Hermione's big toe and used his tongue to lick her toe while it was in his mouth. "Now, that wasn't so hard was it?" Hermione asked with a smile on her face, while Harry sucked on her big toe and looked at her with big, round eyes. "You really let me do this? You really want me to worship your feet, or are you just mocking me?" Harry asked, removing her big toe off his mouth. "Of course, I'm not mocking you, I really want you to worship my feet, and you could've just asked, instead of sneaking around me under an invisibility cloak," Hermione replied pushing her big toe back into Harry's mouth again. Harry continued sucking on Hermione's big toe, not believing what he just heard. Hermione pushed her toe back and forth, Harry was loving it, Hermione's toes tasted even better than what he had fantasized. "Hmm…I could get used to this!" Hermione moaned while Harry sucked on her toe. "I hope your loving this as much as I am" Harry mumbled moving on to the next toe, he licked and sucked every single toe one by one while Hermione moaned with pleasure. "You're really good at this, I wish you had told me about your fetish way before" Hermione said while she had all her five toes sucked at the same time inside Harry's mouth. "If I knew you would react this way, I would've told you about it the day we first met" Harry replied moving on to the sole, he licked Hermione's sole all over soaking it in saliva. "Hmm…your feet taste so good,"Harry moaned while continuing to lick her sole. "Thank you! I love the way you're hot tongue slides on them,"Hermione sighed. "Lick between my toes!" Hermione then ordered, and Harry laced his tongue between her big toe and the other toe and started licking between them. Harry slid her tongue between every toe, causing Hermione to moan. "Hmm…Wow this felt good, we have to repeat it some other time!" Harry said after she finished worshipping both of Hermione's feet. "Absolutely! I don't mind having my feet worshiped every day" Hermione replied happily. "Aren't you going to give them a good night kiss?" Hermione teased, wriggling her toes, and Harry kissed them good night. After he was done worshipping Hermione's feet Harry went to bed to get some sleep because tomorrow would be a great day, he was planning on worshiping Luna Lovegood's feet, while he was laying down on his bed he kept trying to figure out the perfect way to worship Luna's feet without being spotted. Harry eventually fell asleep and the next morning, he woke up really excited. He went to class and after he finished his homeworks, he waited until evening. At bed time he took his invisibility cloak and headed to meet Luna who he found already sleeping in her room, which was nice because that way Harry could worship her while she slept. Luna was under the bed sheets, and the hardest part would be to get his face near them, but luckily for Harry, when he approached Luna, she moved uncovering her right foot which made it possible for Harry to start. He approached Luna's right foot, covering his face and her foot with the cloak so that nobody saw what he was doing. Harry started kissing Luna's sole gently so that she wouldn't wake up. Harry could smell the aroma of Luna's feet, it wasn't bad, they smelled nice and that turned Harry on so he increased the pace kissing Luna's feet faster and with more enthusiasm. Harry than tried licking Luna's sole, he licked and looked up to see if Luna was awake or asleep, but luckily for Harry she was still sleeping and Harry went on, after a few licks he increased the pace and started licking enthusiastically. Her feet are so tasty! Harry thought, while he licked up and down her sole, leaving it soaked with his hot saliva. "Hmm…please continue don't stop..." Luna moaned while Harry sucked on her toes, and for a moment Harry thought that he had been caught but apparently Luna was moaning in her sleep, so he continued sucking her sexy toes. Harry was so eager to worship Luna's left foot that he no longer feared to be caught, he took Luna's covered left foot, took it from under the sheets and worshipped it too. "Thanks Harry..." Luna murmured wriggling her toes. But ... how could she have found out it was him if she was sleeping, and even if she was awake, he was still under the invisibility cloak! Harry was afraid of getting caught in the end, so he withdrew from her feet and left Luna alone without making any noise. Harry woke up the next day and headed to the Great Hall to lunch with his friends. Luna came to talk to him, Harry tried to act normal, but it was difficult due to what had happened last night. "Hi Harry! We need to talk" Luna greeted Harry and dragged him out of the hall to a place where they had more privacy. "I loved what you did last night, you were really good" Luna said, and Harry nearly blushed. "Excuse me? I don't know what you're talking about" Harry replied, making his best not to tell the truth. "You don't need to act all defensive, and you don't need to lie, Hermione told me everything, and last night I was kinda expecting you, I mean I was hoping you'd come," Luna replied. Harry didn't know what to say so he decided to tell the truth, he admitted his love for women feet to her. "See, that wasn't too difficult was it? It's alright I won't tell anybody this could be our little secret, I mean ours because Hermione is also included and she told me that she wants to repeat the experience soon" Luna replied dreamily. "Really?" Harry asked with a smile on his face, that showed how eager he was to worship Hermione's feet again. "Yes, and so am I!" Luna answered happily. "Damn! It sucks to be on this school, if I we were at my house I could lock the door of my bedroom for some privacy but here we can have none of that" Harry protested. "Says who?" Luna asked. "What? Do you know of any place in the school where we can be in private?" Harry asked. "Of course! Don't you remember the room of requirements?" Luna asked. "Oh yeah! Of course, you're right! Great idea!" Harry replied, beaming. "So…What do you say if the three of us meet there at midnight, I will be waiting with Hermione in the room, and all you have to think of when you are near the room is the word lust." "Lust? And you're sure we will end up at the same place together?" Luna asked. "Yeah of course, it reacts that way, to our wishes, just show up at midnight and think of that word when you go near it" Harry explained. "Ok! I'll see you there!" And with that said Luna left, and so did Harry, he went to the potions class, to which he was already late. At midnight, cautiously without making any noise, he left his dormitory and headed to the room of requirements where he would meet the girls. "Lust" he thought as he walked near the room of requirement's door, he opened the revealing door and when he entered, he was amazed to see what was going on inside, it was something like he had never seen before, something beyond his wildest imagination. The room was like a television studio, it was huge and as he walked in he realized it had various set-like scenarios. The first scenario Harry entered was an office, where he met Hermione and Luna who were both wearing an office outfit with some nice dress shoes that showed off their beautiful feet. By looking at their feet Harry noticed that they were both heavily sweating down there, that's how he liked it the most. Judging by their outfits and the way they acted Harry realized that the girls wanted to do some role playing, Harry didn't know what to say so he just headed toward them hoping to get a hint of what he should or shouldn't do. "Hi Harry, take a seat!" Hermione said, who judging by her outfit, was supposedly the boss, because Luna was dressed as a secretary, and was just helping Hermione. "Hi" Harry replied, taking a seat as Hermione requested. "How yo you came up with this idea?" "I