Notes: OOPS. My hand slipped. There was many a thing Ron had expected during his life. Dying young was, unfortunately, one of these things. Why? You ask, and he would (never) answer, It's a bloody miracle the second wizarding war had a break when it did. (A miracle he wasn't born into a world that Voldemort ruled over.) I was one, when Harry offed You-Know-Who. (He'd been born the same year his uncles had died. A shining light, his mum said. A light for her to see in the darkness of grief.) Obviously, I don't remember. I do remember the years of hearing about 'the Boy-Who-Lived'; about some kid who was our hero. I met him ten years later, and he honestly was nothing like those bloody books and fairy tales everyone told everyone, loudly and in hushed whispers. (Harry doesn't know that some parents used his name to scare their children into being good little boys and girls, and they bloody well better be, or he'd off em like he did He-Who-Must-Not-Be named. Ron, being the only one of Harry's very, very small group of friends that had been born and raised in the magical community, managed to keep him ignorant of that.) So yeah. Ron had expected some kind of early death during his life; he'd never really thought the war had been over anyway. (No thanks to his paranoid Great Uncle. Bilius was a bloody good chess player, though. Ron had beat him, and he'd proclaimed himself well and truly done for (since Ron had been nine, at the time, and that was rather humiliating, to say the least) and gave Ron his chess set. Ron didn't know the significance at the time. He still doesn't to this day.) I wasn't sure when I'd die. There've been loads of times when it could've happened. First year, Second year… All the bloody years, really. Merlin's beard. (Ron knew he had to be at least fairly lucky, to have escaped death as many times as he had during their 'adventures'.) So yeah. Maybe I did expect to die young. What of it? Harry did to, you know. S'pose most people don't; dunno why, seems bloody obvious to me. (Far, far too obvious. But then, that had been their lives. Outsiders might be horrified; but Ron, Harry and Hermione? It was just par for the course.) (Ron wasn't bloody stupid though. Yeah, maybe a bit dense, but if he had the chance to do things again? He'd leave Hermione out of it, best he could.) Wasn't expecting it to be that bloody snake though. (Nagini, she'd (It was a she right?) lunged for them. Neville'd been too late – 'Mione and him were done for. Well. At least me, anyway. (He'd covered her as best he could. He vaguely remembers the snake biting, and Hermione's profuse sobbing. He'd leave her out of it .) Wait. I'm thinking, right? If I was dead, That wouldn't be happening, I'd wager. Blinking, (He could blink?) Ron gained his sight back. What had been simply black nothingness, now was a white expanse, a cavernous room. He blinked again, and the area changed to one he recognised. The trapdoor. He noticed. I'm in Fluffy's room. Third floor corridor. The hell? Spinning around slowly on the spot, Ron took notice of his options. Before he could decide anything though, a voice interrupted his thoughts. "Well, if it ain't my great nephew." The voice spoke, rough and gruff and yet somehow warm and comforting. He spun back around, to see a man he hadn't seen since he was ten. "Uncle Bilius." He replied in greeting, oddly unsurprised. Ron looked around again. "Where are we?" The old man rolled his eyes. "Well, where d'ya think, Ronald?" He asked, rhetorically. "Limbo, ain't it?" His uncle looked around, confused. "Some room in 'Ogwarts, I'd wager." Ron stared. "Limbo?" Bilius looked upwards, as if exasperated. "Yeah, Limbo. Place between life an' death, if I ain't so mistaken." He looked at Ron. "Bit of an odd place for transitioning, though I suppose it makes sense for ya." Ron blinked. "Makes sense?" He echoed. "Did'ya lose all common sense when 'Ah left?" He demanded. "Blimey! First fam'ly member that cares enough for me ta be the one to talk to yeh, and y've lost yer bleedin' logic. " He complained. "What 'appened to that kid who beat a Chess Master when 'e was littler than I were when I started learnin'? What 'appened to yeh common sense?" Ron grew angry. "My bloody common sense is where I left it – when I wasn't dead ." There was a pause, then the old man laughed; a good, large belly-laugh that lasted a good while. The man shook his head. "Ya chose a right old codger to grow up like, didn't ya?" Ron looked at him, confused. "Yeh remind me of myself when I was your age. Short tempered, not the brightest with emotions, but loyal to a fault. I didn't 'ave that great walloping of self-esteem issues and the jealousy that comes with though. Interfered with ya friendships that did, didn't it?" Ron was reluctant to admit he was right, but he felt a sense of calmness he had never felt while alive. There was a pause. "This place is messing with my head, isn't it?" His Uncle grinned. "Don't want ya messin' up the place – or your choice, thinkin' about it." There was another, longer pause. "My choice?" Ron inquired. Bilius nodded, once, an incline of his head. "Yer choice." He repeated. "Yeh can go on, or yeh can live a new life. If ya choose the second – well. I'll let'cha see what that's all 'bout." He's being as bloody vague as the Headmaster was on his better days. Ron grumbled to himself. As if he could hear Ron's thoughts, His Great Uncle smiled. "I gotta go soon – us dead people 'ave a lot more to do than you livin' lot give us credit for. But I need ta tell ya this – the trapdoor'll lead you on , but the exit – well. That's the Exit , ain't it?" And with that, and a blink of Ron's eyes later, his dead relative was gone. "Well. Bugger." Ron muttered to himself. What kind of choice is this? "Won't even tell me what I'll get myself into if I do chose a new life." For a moment, he thinks. If I go down the trapdoor – which isn't ominous about my fate if I do, bloody hell – I'll see my friends and family when they all kick the bucket too, right? And I suppose there's already a few of them there now, including Bilius. No idea who's died already though. But instead of the option that would give him peace, peace for eternity with friends and family once they arrive, Ron hesitated. What if it lets me do this again? (Because that's the question, isn't it? Whether it will send him home – if slightly different – or it will send him to some other life, unknowing and not remembering his last.) Ron nods to himself, a decision made. (For better, or for worse? We shall see.) He turns around, walks towards the Exit door. With one last look, one final goodbye, he leaves the trapdoor behind. (He starts his Next Adventure. Headmaster may have been barmy as all hell, but he wasn't wrong about this. ) The door closes shut behind him, and the room fades to a white expanse. (It fades to blue, then shuts off. Black, and void. Ron wasn't there to see it. He wouldn't have recognised what it was, even if he were – pureblooded he is, and all that entails.) Ron blinks to awareness, staring up at the orange ceiling of his room at the burrow. Bloody hell he mentally groans. My head feels like it's been wacked one too many times with a bludger. Wait. Ron looks around – and notices the ceiling isn't actually orange; that must have just been memory talking. No, it's grey – the whole room is grey and tones of grey, black and white. (It's greyscale, but then Hogwarts doesn't teach 'muggle' subjects; so how would he know that?) Ron looks around. He notes the differences between this room and his room – a chest where one isn't, no bed (What had he been lying on?), his stack of comics now a… weird, muggle machine (that was it, right? Hermione had been teaching him…) with buttons and things – A computer, Ronald. Her voice says, annoyed yet somehow infinitely fond – and various other small changes. Ron stands, and walks over to the 'computer'. Warily, he pokes at one of the buttons, and the thing whirrs to life, making him back away slightly. When it is up and running, Ron sits down in front of it, on the floor, and stares at the… screen? Screen. Options. It says, a neat kind of writing he'd never seen, all the letters exact and matching. (Print. It was print.) He continues reading. Options: Difficulty. Extras. Language. Play style. Frowning, he thinks, Difficulty? Play style? What on Merlin's bloody – Before he could finish that thought, A floating bit of parchment obscures his view. Swearing, Ron jumps back, startled, the parchment always staying in the direct centre of his view. Once adjusted, Ron reads the parchment. Gaming for Wizards; A helpful guide by !%%&$£%& Blinking, he tried to read the last word, but after a minute or so gave up. It was just a mess of things he didn't understand, muggle symbols by the look of them. Shaking his head, he moved on. This floating bit of parchment is known as an 'alert'. For you, [Ronald Weasley] these will always be enabled, as you are a [pureblood noob] and therefore have literally zero knowledge of video games. Christ, this is going to be ridiculous, isn't it? Teaching you what most kids in the muggle world have at least a slight grip on; in that they at least know vaguely what a video game is in the first place! Never mind all that. Sorry. Let's move on. Since this is all voice-commanded, just say 'next' to see the rest of this guide. Ron did so, and did so, reading each page and trying his best to absorb all the information he had a nagging feeling he'd need to know. It took a while (Hours, days, minutes, months, centuries, nanoseconds) but he was finallydone, and he knew the basics of the system. Nodding to himself, he said "Close" and the message went away silently, there one moment and gone the next. Ron went back to the options menu, and selected difficulty. Casual. Easy. Normal. Hard. Hardcore. Realistic. Real life. Ron read through all of the descriptions, and immediately excluded hard, and all those afterwards. The options were then greyed out, no longer available unless unlocked. (The guide had been incredibly useful. Now he knew what he was doing, at least. Far more than what he'd known originally.) Deciding that Casual was too easy (and too much of a copout) that option greyed out as well, and he got a message in the top left of his peripheral vision saying You gained an Achievement! Say [Open] to know what it was. Ignoring the message for now, and feeling a little bit like a cheat, he picked easy. (Ron figured he could bring it up to normal, once he'd gotten the hang of everything. And since his life was in danger, here, he figured it wasn't too cowardly.) Exiting the menu, he called out "Open" and the message disappeared. Like before, in front of him in the centre of his vision something appeared. It wasn't parchment; since that was for alerts. Instead, it was a book, and it flipped through it's pages until it got to the one on Achievements. You have unlocked [1] Achievement(s). The