Hello! This is my first Percy Jackson fanfiction so please go easy, as Im not a complete expert. I have NOT read the Heroes of Olympus books, just the Percy Jackson series, though I will read them soon. This will have nothing to do with those books. However, after I finish this series I may start one on the events of that storyline. It will be in first pov for my OC. I do not own anything else besides her, and maybe a few other details. Percy Jackson and The Olympians belongs to Rick Riordan. I hope you enjoy! My name is Odessa Rena Royce. Everyone just calls me Rena though. I am twelve years old, and much weirder than I originally thought. I have always been different. Dyslexia and ADHD make sure I have a hard time focusing and doing well in class, and most people tend to avoid me because they think im a vampire. I don't like the sun very much and prefer the night. Oh, I almost forgot. I can also see in the dark, sort of. No matter how dark it is, im always able to tell exactly where everything is, and know what's going on around me. I can't actually see like I do in the light, but I might as well be able to. Not only that, but to add to my problems, Im an orphan. I live in a particularly crowded orphanage in Manhattan New York, and had never even left town. My mother Riley Royce died giving birth to me, and my father left way before that. This is what used to be the extent of my troubles, but that's nothing anymore. Nowadays, the general person's definition of 'normal' was something I would never be able to achieve. No matter how much I wished I could. It happened on what had been a terrible day to start with. I was attending classes at a nearby public school and it wasn't going well. I had already failed two tests and had been forced to read out loud by a mean old hag of a teacher who hated my existence. All the kids got annoyed by my terrible try at the paragraph, and many had nailed me in the back of the head with balls of paper. Mrs. Lewis did nothing to stop them and only ended my suffering when she got bored of waiting on me. "Thank you Rena for your excellent job." She sneered at me in the middle of my sentence, calling on another kid to take my place. I narrowed my eyes at her but just turned back to my notebook doodling on the page in between meaningless words. The bell rang and I quickly gathered my stuff and rushed out. Grabbing my backpack from my locker I left the school building and found a place behind the main building to eat my lunch. I brought my entire bag to lunch, because if I didn't someone would break into the crappy locker and steal something like always. Munching on an apple I watched the sky. It was a cloudy day, and I was trying to decide if this particular one looked more like a rabbit, or a fat pug. The custodian came out the back entrance with a big bag of trash and tossed it into the dumpster. When I glanced back down to put the apple core into my crinkled brown paper bag a pair of feet suddenly appeared in front of me. Quickly looking up again I saw the custodian smiling down at me. What? How did he walk all the way over here that fast? I thought bewildered looking back at the distant dumpster on the opposite side of the wall. "Hello," He said "I could throw away that bag for you if you want." I nodded and handed it to him smiling a little in thanks. He walked over to the bin and threw it away as well, and when I was certain he would go back inside, he turned around and started coming right back over. Okay, this was getting awkward. What could he want to talk to me about? As he neared me, his smile turned into a scowl that turned into an evil smirk. I stood up and was about to bolt when his appearance completely changed. He got a lot taller and more brutish looking and his teeth were a rotting yellow. My eyes widened, and I turned running. Just like before he seemed to teleport in front of me and pushed me back against the wall by the neck. I gasped for air as his fingers tightened around my throat. My feet dangled a full 2 feet above the ground. "Thought I wouldn't find you did you little half-blood. Well I did, and now Im quite hungry. You'll make a good meal." He laughed in a deep raspy voice that was definitely not human. "What the hell are you talking about?" I croaked gripping at his large hands trying to pull them away. He just grinned and held tighter. I could feel my consciousness fading and I knew I would die. My stomach twisted suddenly, and the hard wall seemed to melt like a cool liquid around me. The hand around my neck was forced off as it couldn't get through, and the next thing I knew I was completely enveloped. I dropped to the ground shuddering and gasping for breath. I saw my hands and shrieked. They were a slightly darker black than the shadows and so was the rest of me. Even my clothes. The thing was still standing above me looking at the wall furiously. It pounded the area where my head would be but I could barely feel it. I grinned in my triumph forgetting the weird circumstances for a second and mocked him with a few rude gestures. I lowered my gaze to the backpack that was still on the ground. I cautiously reached out and grabbed it. As soon as I made contact with it, it turned a shadowy black color and I could easily pull it into the wall as well. Putting it on, I quickly let the fear of what he would do if this strange power wore off force me into a run along the wall. I turned a corner and as soon as I left the shadows, my body returned to normal. I stopped for a second glancing at my no longer smoky colored skin and then back at the monster. He was leaning around watching me and apparently this was news to him because he looked surprised that I was no longer untouchable. The beast's shock wore off quick though and soon he was barreling towards me. I spun around darting for the street. Leaving the school grounds, and bolting across the busy street was probably the most dangerous thing I'd ever done. Cars skidded to avoid me, and some even crashed into each other. I yelled a quick sorry when I reached the other side and took off down the sidewalk. The pileup had delayed the thing briefly, but he was quickly making his way through the mess snarling at me. Dashing around the corner and losing sight of the school I began mapping out the path that would get me back to the orphanage the quickest. Running another block, I took a left and then another. Down two more blocks and a right, one more block. I could see it in the distance and I snuck a peek over my shoulder. It was right on my trail, and gaining speed. I wouldn't be able to unlock the door and get inside in time. Reaching my destination I ditched the front door, sprinting for the back entrance. It was usually propped open so the kitchen wouldn't be so hot. Relief flooded me when I saw that it was. Grabbing the handle I ripped open the door, startling the few people cleaning up in the kitchen, and slammed it shut locking all the deadbolts. I only stopped to catch my breath when I was on the other side of the room. The cook, Ms. Johnson, ran to my aid with a cool glass of water. She was a short little woman that looked like your typical grandma complete with a love for cookie baking. She was always very nice to me and usually snuck me a little snack in between meals. "Good heavens Rena! What's happened?" She squeaked running to the window to look for anything that could be dangerous. I only answered once I could breathe without feeling like my lungs where deserts that had been sprayed with gas and lit on fire. "This crazy custodian from school attacked me, saying that he wanted to eat me! He was not normal! He was huge and his voice didn't sound human!" I rushed fumbling over my words. I decided I wouldn't tell her about the whole becoming-a-shadow scenario. That would only get me locked up in a nut house. She ran to me refilling my water glass and patting me on the shoulder, leading me to a chair in the dining hall. "That's terrible! Im so glad you made it back safely. We should no doubt tell the headmaster about this…" She mumbled the last part. "You stay right there and try to calm down, I'll go get him." She ordered scurrying out of the room. I sat there trying to not explode from the millions of thoughts and questions in my mind. The adrenaline was wearing off and I was getting extremely tired. I collapsed right there on the table and slept for what felt like days. When I woke up a tall man with a long coat quickly made his way to my side. Ms. Johnson was right behind him. The man, Headmaster Rasmussen ran the orphanage and was always the one to solve the problems. "Rena, are you feeling alright?" He asked. I nodded and sat up. "Thank goodness. Tell me everything." He demanded seriously sitting next to me. I started from the beginning changing a few details around the part that I became a wall. That would be my little secret. "-and so I ran here knowing if I stayed at school he could probably find another chance to kill me." I stated, "He was right behind me until I reached the back door. I don't know where the psycho went after that." He nodded and quickly flipped on the only T.V in the orphanage that was on the wall at the end of the table. Sure enough, the story about the huge crash was playing on T.V. It was night time so I knew I'd been out for a while. "I was just driving a long when suddenly this girl dashes across the road as fast as she could. I swerved to avoid her and rammed into the car next to me. I swear, that girl almost died. Somehow she made it across the street alright, and looked back with this look of pure terror on her face. I was about to scream at her when she yelled 'sorry' and kept right on running. A huge guy in a custodian suit with the meanest looking face I ever saw was just on the other side of my car, scowling at the escaping girl like he would kill her. I got out and tried to stop him but he punched me out cold and kept moving. I hope that girl's okay…" A man being interviewed stated. "There you have it, this huge crash was caused only a few hours ago earlier today when a girl tried to escape from a potential kidnapping. Police are asking for any information on the girl's whereabouts as well as the suspect's." The reporter stated as the security camera footage showed the incident. There I was, sprinting across the street. But the guy chasing me looked different. He was slightly