Hey there! So good to see you. Hope you know what you're getting into; this is gonna be a long, crazy ride, so hold on tight! Before you dive into the products of my gaga head I'd like to clear a few things out: This fan fiction features adventure, action, romance and drama. It's set three years after the Second Wizarding War; it very respectfully and lovingly dismisses JKRowling's epilogue for the Deathly Hallows. I will try to make the characters as close to hers as I possibly can, I'll modify a few deaths, and probably make up others (sorry)… IT'S A DRAMIONE FANFIC; BUT it is NOT solely centered around them, as you will see. There will be lots of characters and important relationships and friendships along the way! Of course I would love for everybody to give this a chance! But still, I want to save you some trouble; if you like soft Draco, falling in love with fluffy Hermione in a short period of time, and dropping his prejudices at the blink of an eye, then this fic isn't for you. Their romance will take time and effort, and a lot of fighting. Also, if you expect Ronald to be an angsty, hateful git, then you'll probably not enjoy this either. Either way, I really hope you give this a chance, and you tell me all your thoughts on it. Specially the good ones. Thank you for reading, and hope you enjoy! Disclaimer: All characters, settings, and content belongs to JKRowling. I merely gave it a little twist. I don't make profit from this. Hornedserpent16 Chapter 1. A soft gasp broke the silence between the two people that sat facing each other. ''Harry! Not again!'' ''Sorry! I swear I didn't see this one coming!'' It was the third time, in no more than ten minutes, that the amount of ice cream needed to fill a whole tablespoon had slowly melted and dripped itself all over the young wizard's cloak. The redheaded girl sitting right across from him sighed, as she let a few giggles escape her chocolate stained lips. ''Maybe we should move to a table inside? Lemon tart ice cream covered robes doesn't sound like the best way to make a good impression at work.'' ''It sounds catchy and delicious, though.'' Harry looked up from his dirty cloak and wasn't able to hold in the grin that was slowly taking over his mouth. It'd been a couple of weeks since he'd last seen the girl. Now, as a few strands of her hair graciously slipped from her ponytail and whirled softly around her face, he couldn't feel more relieved that he got the chance to see her before his big day. They were sitting peacefully at the Ice Cream Parlor in Diagon Alley, enjoying the fresh rays of sun that were threatening to vanish, and at the same time meticulously melting Harry's ice cream to the point where he almost felt like going back home and changing his now sticky robes. But the idea of tearing himself apart from the girl, even just seconds more than he had to, made him drop the thought and enjoy his few minutes left with her in the busy street. ''So… Are you nervous?'' Ginny smiled softly at the boy as she slid her slender hand into his. Her touch was more than comforting to him, and she knew that. '' I know that asking you might make it even worse but…'' she hesitated ''I need you to let it all out and free yourself from the pressure, before you barge into the chaos that that's going to be.'' Harry scratched his forehead right over his scar, and sighed. ''I feel like maybe I should be more nervous than I am. And more excited, for that matter. I mean, of course I'm excited, but I just can't help but think that I really shouldn't be doing this, that I didn't really -'' ''- what? Earn it? '' Ginny rolled her eyes and put down her ice cream cup on the table in front of her with an annoyed sigh '' Really Harry Potter? Or better yet, Boy-who-lived-and-defeated-Voldemort-only-three-years-ago Potter? Don't be daft! Or modest! Nobody deserves this more than you, and you know it. You will live up to it, and you will exceed the expectations. And I don't know this because you're the ''Saviour of the Wizarding World'' (which you are); I know this because you're Harry, and that's as good as anyone's ever going to be. So stop whining and lift your chin up; you're only gonna be looking down from where you're going.'' When she finished speaking, the girl let out a long breath. It was clear she'd been waiting to say those words to him, but Harry, who wasn't expecting the outburst, couldn't help himself and started laughing quietly. What a bold girl Ginny was, and how terribly head over heels he was for her. She smiled too, and moved her hand to his forearm, grabbing him firmly. This caught Harry's attention, who stopped laughing and sent her a meaningful look. There was a solid reason for Harry to be doubting himself in that moment; he'd been appointed Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement of the Ministry of Magic. It was a big name, a big opportunity and overall an overwhelming responsibility. Starting today, he'd be handling every single disturbance and altercate that could possibly go on in the Wizarding World, he'd be giving commands, and ordering people around, and he wouldn't have any of his closest friends with him to help him manage. So, it was his big day. As many people supporting him as doubting him. It was nerve wrecking, but it was happening. And it was happening in less than ten minutes time …that's the moment Harry realized that time had flown by and that he was most positively running late on his first day as the boss. ''Bollocks! Shite!'' He hastily rubbed on his stains with a napkin and hurriedly grabbed Ginny by the waist. Not wasting a second's time, he planted a big, bold kiss on her lips, which such intensity that the girl's knees started shaking under his grasp. ''I have to go; I will see you later, and I will owl you with all the details'' He watched her mouth start to open in protest and kissed her quickly once more, before letting go of her and stumbling backwards towards the Ministry's entrance. ''Yes! I promise I'll do my best to be demanding and sharp and self-confident!'' His voice started fading as he put more and more distance between the two. ''Love you Gin!'' And with that, he disappeared around the corner with a whirl of his brand new cloak. Ginny stood there for a moment, smiling to herself and shaking her head as she pictured Harry trotting into the Ministry with his lemon tart stained robes and his messy charcoal hair. ''I love you too.'' A few weeks later ''Great. Just great.'' The witch mumbled to herself, as she swiped the dirt of her mud covered knees and bent over to pick up the three books that had slipped out of her hands in the tumble. Without looking up to see who had so carelessly crashed against her and her tower of books, Hermione picked up the last document and started speaking ''You know, it's awfully rude to bump into people who are trying to carry more things than they can hold.'' The person standing in front of her laughed, and held out a hand for her to take. The witch stared at it, and blinked a few times. She knew that hand; she could recognize it anywhere. ''Harry!'' Hastily, she let go of his hand and launched herself into his arms in a tight hug, causing the books to tumble out of hers once more. ''Oh, just leave them. I can't believe it!'' She beamed at him, and after asking how he'd been, she noticed a slight flicker in his eyes, which cued her to frown slightly in concern. Oblivious at the beginning, she'd now come upon the purple bags under her friends eyes, and she decided her light reading could wait until she knew what troubled the wizard. They'd bumped against each other in midst of a large, crowded corridor that led straight to the outdoor patio of the Ministry. The new installment had been built after the Second Wizarding War, and consisted of a large, round garden surrounded by benches, where pensive witches scribbled on parchments and elder employees puffed scented smoke from their wood pipes. The garden was filled with blooming roses and bright daisies, various trails of lavender bushes forming eight paths leading straight to the centre of the round patio, where, amidst a circle of strikingly bright tulips, stood the monument for the victims of the war. It was sculpture of considerable dimensions, composed of three main structures. It represented the the Deathly Hallows, resembling the wand, the stone and the cape; carefully, magically carved into each structure, were the names of all those who had lost their lives fighting in the war, as well as all those whose innocent lives had been stripped from them by the Dark Side. A soft, estival breeze sneaked its way into the patio, as Harry and Hermione took seat on one of the metal benches which surrounded the monument. ''Ginny's been keeping me up on your work load; she said it's the reason why you weren't at The Burrow last Sunday, or Sunday before last, for that matter. Is the Auror Department really that busy at the moment?'' The witch spoke first, bringing the heavy books she'd been carrying onto her lap carefully. ''Currently, yes. A few weeks ago it wasn't so bad. But lately, it's just… '' Harry's voice lowered a few octaves as he looked around carefully. Hermione frowned, worry starting to dawn on her. ''I'm not supposed to be telling you this, but..'' He leaned slightly towards the girl and started talking without stopping to take a mere breath. '' Three weeks ago, there was an attack in a town close to Newcastle. It was completely out of the blue, caught us by surprise… Two muggles where injured and..'' he hesitated, and moved his hand to rest on Hermione's shoulder ''…a muggle-born wizard was killed.'' Hermione gasped, and her eyes opened wide in terror. She held her breath, waiting for a small group of witches which were passing by in that moment to walk away. She refused to believe that her daily nightmares were coming true; that somebody was to claim Voldemort's legacy, and start committing the crimes that once again would cost the Wizarding and the Muggle worlds a great deal of pain and innocent lives. She shook her head, unwilling to get ahead of herself just yet. ''It can't be; it must've been a coincidence that he was muggle-born, mustn't it? I can't dare to think that there are still a bunch of psychos willing to murder claiming the legacy of a dead monster.'' Harry sighed as he looked away from her troubled expression. ''There's more to it 'Mione.'' He waited for her to react, but she sat very still and stared fixedly at him. ''That was three weeks ago; but there was another one last week, and another a week before I took my place as Head of the department. As far as we know, there's no particular modus operandi; we can't know for sure where they could strike next, or what their goal is… It's been a difficult couple of months Hermione; this is slowly taking over me and I'm responsible for everything that happens out there. I don't know how I'm going to tackle this. I don't know where to start from…'' Harry clenched his teeth, as he felt Hermione's arms slowly wrap around him. ''Ginny, she knows about this, and she's worried sick. I don't