XxX Some legends are told Some turn to dust or to gold But you will remember me Remember me for centuries. And just one mistake Is all it will take We'll go down in history Fall Out Boy, Centuries XxX Bella sat at the edge of the soft bed as Alice knelt behind her, carefully brushing and braiding her thick hair, as she focused on her thoughts. "You know any one of us would change you in a heartbeat." The young, fairy looking vampire cooed, her topaz eyes flitting up to the mirror across from them to meet the human's eye, "We all want you to be a part of our family. Even Rose is coming around to the idea." Her skilled hands started to twist the braids into an intricate pattern. "Alice." Bella sighed, her eyes looking to the ceiling in searched of answers. Alice set her cool chin on her friend's shoulder, showing comfort through action. Bella's slender hands fidgeted with the blanket over her legs as she thought, "Alice, what if—" "He won't run off again, Bella, he just needed to hunt." She rushed to explain, "He didn't want to go either, Emmett had to practically force him out the door." Bella sighed, accepting her reply even though Alice had answered a question she wasn't thinking of asking. Alice stiffened next to her and sat up, her eyes growing distant as the future captured her. In an instant, she was back with a new smile on her face. "Oh, Bella, you are going to be such an amazing vampire." She cooed, moving back to her place and continuing to twist the braids before she pinned them in place with the antique pearl hair pins, "Even more beautiful than you are now." Bella's heart raced, "You-you saw me?" She stuttered, "As a vampire?" She looked up to the mirror, trying to imagine what Alice had seen in her vision. To think she would be just as unbreakable as the rest of the Cullens, and just as beautiful. She would never trip again. A single thought ruined her perfect dream; Edward. He had made it clear that he wouldn't change her and he definitely wouldn't support her choice if she decided to go against his wishes. But if Alice saw her changed, even though Edward had made up his mind, what did that mean? Since they had returned to Forks Bella had been treading carefully around him, especially after the vote. She watched every word she said, every action she took, terrified that he would leave again. Alice jumped up, startling Bella from her thoughts, "Our guest is here." She rushed to the closet and returned with an elegant, flowing amethyst dress, "This is just perfect; it will make the pearls shine in your dark hair." Alice held the dress out to Bella. "G-guest?" Bella stuttered, trying to follow the vampire's train of thought as she stood up, "You…you didn't say anything about someone stopping by tonight." "It will look great on you!" Alice encouraged, ignoring her question, and forcing her towards the closet to change. Bella stopped, her hand fingering the thick straps that came to a deep V in both the front and back. Her teeth worried her lower lip, not feeling comfortable showing off that much skin; she didn't need to look in the mirror to know that the events of last September had taken its toll on her. The last time she was in the doctor's office he had chided her for being too small, having lost close to twenty pounds from her small frame in under six months. "Please Bella, for me?" Alice stuck out her lip slightly, her topaz eyes looking at the human pathetically. Bella shook her head, knowing she couldn't say no to Alice. "Do I get to know your guest's name at least?" Bella asked through the thick door, not bothering to raise her voice, as she nervously stepped into the silky material. "It's a surprise." Alice replied. It grew quiet, as if she was caught up in a vision, and then she called, "You need to put on the heels by the door." Awkwardly Bella tried to zip up the dress as she turned around looking for the shoes Alice was talking about. When she found them, her mouth fell, "I can't wear these." Bella moved to pick them up, her hand running along the smooth, black velvet of the stiletto and coming to rest on the three inch heel, "Are you trying to kill me?" All she could hear was Alice's laughter on the other end. As Bella stumbled her way out the large closet, Alice clasped her hands together in approval, "You look beautiful, Bella. Just one last thing." Alice held up a silver chain with a single tear-drop pearl dangling elegantly. In a second she was behind Bella, placing the silver chain around her neck gently and making sure the single pearl lay just right on her milky skin, "Perfect." "Now do I get to know who this guest of yours is that I have to get all dressed up for? I am exhausted Alice, I've been under a lot of stress the last few days, I need some down time to think before I see Charlie tomorrow." She confided, lowering her eyes as her anxiety built. "Bella." Alice stepped up and took her head carefully between her hands, "Just trust me, alright? You won't want to miss out on meeting him." "So it's a he?" Bella asked, holding her arms out as she tried to walk across the wooden floor. Alice smiled wickedly, her eyes sparkling with a secret, as she skipped out of the room. Bella followed obediently, knowing she wouldn't get anything else out of the vampire. Most of the lights were off in the living room, causing only a faint glow to light up the balcony stair case that Bella was expected to walk down. Alice left her to fend for herself as she skipped down the stairs with ease. "You remember Alice, Jasper's mate." Carlisle gestured to the small fairy as she gracefully glided down the stairs. Bella held fast to the banister, watching each step she took so she wouldn't trip. Relief pooled within her when she made it to the last one. "And this," Carlisle turned to the human with a warm smile, his eyes bright, "is our extraordinary Bella." A smile lit up her face at his praise, causing a ripple effect to flow through the vampires around her. "Bella, I would like to introduce you to an old friend of mine." Carlisle stepped forward and offered her his arm. She smiled and accepted his subtle act of chivalry, letting him lead her off the last step, "This is Garrett. He is a nomadic vampire that I met during the Revolutionary War." At the mention of his name, the vampire stepped forward so the mortal could see him. Her eyes grew when they met his ruby pair. At a humans pace he stepped forward, his long coat billowing out as he bowed his head in acknowledgment, "I have heard a lot about you Isabella." He held his hand out slightly and her eyes darted to Carlisle, silently asking what she should do. He nodded for her to mimic Garrett's gesture and she did as instructed, more curious than frightened. Her unwavering nerve didn't go unnoticed by the nomad when he took her hand and gave it a chaste kiss, "It is a pleasure to finally meet you." Garrett let his red eyes flit up to her soft ones, which were set deep in her thin face and guarded by purple bruises. Being left behind took a great toll on her, he thought. When Garrett released her hand, Bella stepped back and studied the stranger as he talked easily with Carlisle. He was tall, easily a head above her, and lengthy. He wasn't filled out like Emmett or Jasper, but he wasn't weak by any means. His body was built for stealth, and the simple black and grey colors he wore seemed to match the theme perfectly. The only thing that would give him away was the silver chain he wore and the different trinkets that clang against one another when he moved. His hair was a tousled auburn that dusted the dark brows before his ruby eyes. Bella tilted her head, trying to look into their depths. Great adventures were hidden behind the violent color; just like the years of history etched into the sharp features of his face. Though she wouldn't have guessed he was more than twenty three, if that, when he was changed, she could tell he had an old soul. A small smirk pulled at the Patriot's lips as he felt her eyes on him, amused by the mortal's bold curiosity. "You met during the Revolutionary War?" Bella asked, cutting into their conversation and looking to the leader of the coven. It was Garret's turn to be impressed by the girl. Bella had said Revolutionary War as if it meant nothing more to her than if she had said last Thursday. "Why don't we retire to the sitting room?" Esme asked, playing the perfect hostess as she glided her way to Bella and took her gently by the arm, "Bella and Alice returned from a long trip yesterday and I am sure she is quite tired." She explained, looking to the others for support. "That sounds like a great idea, my dear." Carlisle moved to his wife, offering his arm in escort. Jasper followed suite and led Alice, who cast a knowing look over her shoulder, after the pair. Bella stood uneasily in her heels, not sure if she could make it to the room on her own. Garrett heard her heart pick up; but he wasn't sure if it was from the thought of being alone with a red-eyed vampire or because she was famous for being clumsy. Unable to resist seeing what she would do, or able to escape the traditional manners he grew up with, he offered his arm to the mortal, "Shall we?" Her soft, doe eyes looked only to the sleeve of his jacket as she considered his question. "I promise," His husky voice got her to meet his eye as he smiled gently, "I won't bite." Bella, knowing he was testing her resolve and baiting her, stuck her chin out and took his arm without a second's hesitation. She kept her head high as Garrett let them across the floor, determined to come off strong and powerful like Rosalie always did. But, like they always did, her human limitations caught up to her and her foot slid from the center of the heel. Bella swallowed hard, knowing she wouldn't be able to keep her balance when she heard the heel snap. Of course, with his quick reflexes, Garrett was instantly in front of her to catch her. The blush warmed her too human face and her heart sped up as she felt his cool skin through the thin grey shirt he wore. "I see that you live up to your reputation, Isabella." Garrett smiled, watching her long lashes flutter as she chanced opening them. Nervously she tried to get to her feet with what dignity she had left. "Bella." She corrected, settling her heart before she looked at him, "I prefer being called Bella." Garrett offered her his arm again, "Bella?" He tested the name and wrinkled his nose, "Too British for my taste." Bella rose a brow, confused by the nomad's distaste for the Isle. "Isabella is a lot more elegant than Bella and it isn't ruined by the English tongue. It is also much more old fashion and, from what I have heard, you tend to enjoyed old things." Garrett continued, letting his eyes wander to her face and test her reaction. A small smile spread across her lips as she looked down and he knew