Hi, this is a short story about a serving girl called Lalieth and a handsome king called Eomer (who you know from Lord of the Rings). This is after the Return of the King when Eomer is King of Rohan. I hope you enjoy - warning, mature content including sexual scenes and some swearing. You've been warned. Disclaimer - Everything belongs to Tolkien, except some characters and places which I have made myself. Enjoy! :) The evening grew closer. Horses trotted along side one another as they approached the gates of Edoras, the heights of the magnificent buildings coming into view. Lord Gethlan took the lead, with a few men of the court of higher standing following swiftly behind him. Five slaves and serving girls followed behind them, cantering to keep up with the horses that proudly made their way to the gates. A young girl, of only twenty walked sadly at the back, still keeping up with the group with with a slower manner. Her hair was swept up in a bun and pulled out of her face. Her face swollen and pale, her eyes raw from what seemed an endless amount of tears every night. However, underneath all of that, she had a beauty about her. An elegance that a serving girl would never carry. Her eyes were a sparkling emerald colour, glistening and reflecting the same colour of that of the trees first leaves, buds and the grass which blew softly in the summers first breeze. However, a dark cloud hung over her head, for she served Gethlan. And he was a man not to be toiled with. A man of extreme importance it may be, but with a devilish temper and cruel nature. As the court members and Gethlan leapt of their horses with ease, the slaves and serving girls finally caught up with them. The horse carved doors swung open, revealing a well lit and humble Great Hall. Gethlan was used to finer settings than this, with marble everywhere, golden statues of victors from his lands. But this was comfortable and warm. Large statues of stone of each Great Rohan King, Theoden who passed years ago standing proudly nearest the Throne, where a Great King now sat. King Eomer. As the council members and Gethlan approached, Eomer stood up and held out his arms widely. The serving girl could not see the fine King, so she looked at her surroundings, admiring the well-carved horses and fighters in the walls where tiny flames stood lighting the room, contrasting the darkness outside. 'Gethlan. Too long it has been my friend,' shouted Eomer loudly, embarrassing Gethlan in a warm and friendly hug which was not returned, instead and firm and strong handshake which Gethlan would've thought to have been more proper. Gethlan remained powerful and King-like, whereas Eomer turned into his natural fun self. 'Eomer. It has indeed.' Gethlans voice was strong and to the point. To this, Eomer stepped back and looked around the hall, admiring the new faces. He smiled as he asked for attention, where everyone in the room turned to his face. 'Ladies and Gentlemen, may the celebrations... begin,' exclaimed King Eomer. A rapturous noise was flung around the room as merry and joyous dancers and minstrels played gay tunes. The guests admired the tunes and began to mingle with one another, drinking mead and ale whilst eating salted pork and other nibbles. The serving girl remained in the shadows where she believed she belonged. She caught a glimpse of a well known man throughout the lands, Aragorn, son of Arathorn. King of Gondor with his wife, Arwen. He was talking to a fair man with a wife also, it was Faramir of Gondor and Eowyn, Eomers sister. The serving girl looked at their splendour outfits and admired them from a distance. The hours past and the party grew more livelier by the second. More and more people danced and sang, drunker and drunker by the hour, but the serving girl remained hidden away, out of peoples harm. She kept a far distance from her master, Lord Gethlan. Now and then, he looked at her with deep discretion and glared at her as she stood alone. However, one man kept a close eye on the serving girl, and it was only moments later when her eyes fixed on his. King Eomer was staring and smiling at the serving girl who blushed at this. Lowering her head, she glanced back up to see that he was not there. Was it just her mind playing tricks on her? It must have been. Nothing happens to the serving girl. Suddenly, a warm sensation and heat was felt upon her arm. As she whipped her head to see what is was, King Eomer was stood beside her. 'Do not panic. I mean you no harm. Why are you in the shadows? Enjoy the celebrations,' asked Eomer, who smiled gleefully at the serving girl. 'Your highness, my Master would not be pleased with that. It is better if I remain unnoticed,' whispered the serving girl. She looked down sombrely. Her chin was lifted by Eomer's strong hands, but surprisingly soft and soothing. 'A face as beautiful as yours would be better in the light where people can see it clearly,' said Eomer in barely a whisper. That was it. The serving girl went a fiery red. She had never been told that she was beautiful all of her life, only a lowly serving girl. And by the King of Rohan? What an honour. 'Thank you, you highness but I shall stay here,' muttered the serving girl, who gently removed Eomer's hand from her arm and stepped back into the deep, dark shadows once more. 'Pray, I do not even know your name?' 'Lalieth, your Highness.' Eomer's eyes twinkled. 'A beautiful name,' continued Eomer 'for a beautiful girl.' Eomer smiled politely at Lalieth and stepped away from her, returning to the party. Never before had Lalieth felt this way before, and urge to find Eomer and take him away from the people surrounding him was overwhelming. Never before had she wanted someone so badly than him. And it was stupid of Lalieth to think of such a thing. She was a serving girl, not a Princess or anyone of higher ranking, a lowly and unworthy serving girl who spent most of her time sweeping the floor or kneeling on rock hard stone cleaning away mud marks made by most of the Army. 'I wonder if he likes me,' thought Lalieth. 'Don't be silly,' muttered Lalieth under her breath 'have you been to much on your own? A King would never love something like you.' She lowered her head and left the celebrations, not wanting to be distracted by one man in particular. The night had grown longer, however there was no sign of the mornings first ray of sun. Lalieth was helping in the kitchens, down beneath the castle. Scrubbing away at a plate, she overheard voices beside her. 'Well, I can't take it! Look at this bloody work I have to do,' shouted a common woman with mad grey hair, cleaning away at some cutlery and running around the cellar. 'You girl! Take this to King Eomer,' shouted the women, pointing at Lalieth. Without a second glance and any hesitation, Lalieth grabbed the plate of food and drink and ran up the stairs and headed to Eomer's chambers. With a few directions given to her, she found his lair. 'What are you doing, Lalieth?!' she muttered before entering the room. She stood outside of the door and stared at it, worrying about his reaction as she'd enter. With a loud knock, and a shout of 'come in,' Lalieth swiftly moved into the chamber and stared at Eomer. His hand was moving fast as he wrote on a large piece of parchment, sitting down kingly at a table on a large carved chair. 'Lalieth. What a pleasant surprise. Place it there,' smiled Eomer as he fixed his eyes on Lalieths, finishing his letter and rolling it up to put away in a cabinet. Lalieth finally placed the food on the table, pouring wine into the goblet. Eomer was behind her and looking down at her. 'Thank you. You left after I introduced myself to you earlier. Why was that?' asked Eomer. 'I didn't really fit in, your Highness,' muttered Lalieth under her breath. 'And anyway,' she continued smirking up at Eomer, 'I was being distracted by a certain someone.' Eomers eyes widened with amusement, a smile curving graciously on his lips. 'Me?' asked Eomer, as he stepped towards Lalieth. This time, and to Eomers surprise she did not back away, but stepped closer also. So close, that her nose was nearly touching Eomer's neck. Eomer breathed heavily as Lalieth looked up at his fine figure and shape. 'I best get back to work, Sire.' Lalieth attempted to move around Eomer, but he stopped her, by moving his body to wherever she went. Attempting to escape time and time again, Lalieth ended up giggling and laughing at her foolish attempts; now and then moving slowly to one side then darting to the other to fool Eomer, but it was not so easily done. Eomer laughed and stroked her face with his knuckles. 'You are a fine sight to behold, Lalieth. Especially when you smile like that. Will you stay?' asked Eomer, who whispered gently and lovingly into Lalieth's ear. A shudder climaxed down her spine as he asked her the question. Immediately her word inside her head shouted 'YES', but she knew the trouble she would get in if Gethlan ever found out that she was in King Eomer of Rohans chambers, let alone sharing a bed with him. 'I can't. If Lord Gethlan found out...' 'Let me answer to him if he did,' interrupted Eomer. Lalieth realised that he was far more powerful and demanding than Gethlan could ever be. What would be the harm? He would protect her if Gethlan found out, she knew that. 'Would you help me if he did find out?' asked Lalieth silently. Eomer grasped her chin and tilted her head upwards to have a better chance of kissing her mouth. 'Of course. With all of my power,' whispered Eomer lovingly. He gently kissed her lips, and as they met, their tongues intertwined around one another, both hot and wet yet tantalising. Lalieth wrapped her arms in Eomer's hair, tugging at a few loose strands. A low and deep moan escaped from his lips as she wrapped her fingers around each lock. He pulled her tightly into his embraced as she started to undo his tunic, unlacing it so it fell open slowly. As his tunic fell to the floor, she placed her hands softly onto his chest, the hairs on his body trickling through her fingers. His hard chest pressed into her hands, and she could tell that he was muscular and well built. They continued to kiss as Eomer's arms wrapped around Lalieths back, undoing the corset which held her dress together. As the dress pooled around her feet, she was left only wearing an under-dress and a cotton tunic. Eomer smoothed her hair and undid the bun. Her hair fell softly on her shoulders, sweeping down to her waist. Her hair was long, thick, brown and straight. She never wore her hair loose. Eomer touched her hair as it fell between his fingers and sighed. 'You have beautiful hair, Lalieth,' whispered Eomer against her lips soothingly. Before Eomer could kiss her, Lalieth stood back and started to undo her tunic at the back slowly, whilst peeling her under-dress down her legs. Eomer stood enjoying the view as she did so, their eyes never looking away or parting. As she finished, Eomer undid his leather trousers, and they too fell to the floor but faster as the weight carried them down. Lalieth looked down and bowed her head low. Her face reddened. Never