Chapter 1: 3rd Person POV It was after the Giant War and everything was going well. The heros of Olympus were rewarded with Jason, Piper, Hazel, Frank, Leo and Annabeth accepting immortality. Once again Percy Jackson turned it down but got partial immortality so he could still be with Annabeth as she had told him if she got immortality and the chance to work on architecture forever, she would. Percy was happy for her and he agreed to her getting immortality and said he would decline but ask for partial immortality. At first Leo had disappeared after the Giant War but came back with Calypso. At least he keeps his promises. After that he also got immortality as Calypso was immortal and he deserved it. Right now the Olympians are in their throne room. The Romans and Greeks had united and so had their counterparts. As usual it was a long council meeting that included everyone arguing except for Hestia who shook her head but smiled at her childish family as she shared a glance with Hera who smirked a little. There was flash of bright light and all arguing ceased immediately. Stood in the middle of the throne room was Chaos. "Lord Chaos." Zeus said and all the Olympians bowed. "Rise Olympians, I see after the Giant War you have done well and thought as a small but quite entertaining treat from me. I would let you, the Romans and Greeks, minor gods and the Hunters, ah, read a story based on what happened in a parallel universe that resides in the same multiverse as yours." Hades raised a hand and Chaos looked at him. "We get to read a story?" He asked. "Yes one of another universe the same as your own up until Percy Jacksons fight with Kronos in the throne room. Percy Jackson does exist in that universe and is also the Savior of Olympus there except... his story is different. I will send others from that universe so you can meet them. And as for the book," a black book appeared in Chaos' hands. "Yes this is it. Just know everything is the same until Percy battles Kronos is the throne room which is where this book begins I suggest you summon the others here and then let the story begin!" Chaos said and he flashed out leaving the Olympians stunned. The black book had dropped to the floor as Chaos left and Hermes picked it up. "Hmm, its called 'The Queen's Champion'" He said and everyone looked at Hera who shrugged. Hermes snapped his fingers and the Campers, Hunters and minor gods appeared as well as The Amazons. The gods filled them in and Percy had a dumbstruck expression that made many snicker and Annabeth smile and pull him down as she kissed him on the cheek. "Chapter 1: The Betrayal" Hermes read. Twelve Olympian gods and goddesses stormed into the throne room on Olympus expecting to battle the Titan Lord Kronos as he attempted to destroy their seats of powers. But when they burst into through the doors, they saw a sight no one expected. Luke Castellan, who had become the host for the Titan Lord, lay motionless on the floor, apparently dead. Percy Jackson stood above Annabeth Chase with his sword aimed at her throat. Unnoticed by the Olympians were the tears falling from his face. "Tears?" Clarisse asked. "And a sword at Annabeths throat?" When Annabeth noticed the Olympians, she quickly cried out for help. "Mom, please help me. Percy is trying to kill me. He's a traitor." Annabeth yelled sounding helpless. "WHAT?!" Came from almost everyone. Before anyone could react, Athena sent a blast of energy at the son of Poseidon, knocking him off his feet. Annabeth quickly pulled out her dagger and aimed for a spot below Percy's left armpit. Before she could stab him, a silver arrow flew through the air, impaling the daughter of Athena through the arm that held the dagger causing the dagger to go flying across the floor. Artemis and the Hunters smiled. "Go Thalia!" Said a younger hunter as Thalia chucked and ruffled her hair. "You lying bitch." Spat a hobbling teenage girl in a silver parka. Thalia Grace, Lieutenant of the Hunters of Artemis, stood glaring at the blonde haired demigod. Knew it." Said the same hunter causing some to laugh. Athena turned to attack the girl but was met with both a master bolt and trident leveled at her face. "You tow worked together? Maybe there's still hope!" Hades mocked his brothers who turned red. "Enough!" Zeus bellowed. "Thalia, explain what is going on." Zeus ordered in an agitated tone. "I want to know too as to why she supports the traitor." Athena said. "First, you must restrain Annabeth. She is a traitor and will kill Percy first chance she gets." Thalia said gesturing to the semi-conscious Percy Jackson on the throne room floor. "Ha! Percy isn't the traitor Annabeth is!" Apollo said before his smile was wiped off his face as he looked at Annabeth who was glaring at him. "You lie. We clearly saw Jackson trying to kill my daughter." Athena hissed. "Yes she must be lying!" Athena said "I'm the god of truth. She ain't lying." Said Apollo shaking a finger at her. "Silence!" Zeus yelled. "Ares, detain the girl. Apollo, tend to Jackson." Zeus barked before gesturing for Thalia to continue. "Ha! Dad barked maybe he's a dog?" Hermes joked but shut up at the weird stares he got. Ares snapped his fingers and Annabeth was bound in celestial bronze shackles, while Apollo checked on Percy who was starting to regain his senses. "Mortal steel would've worked fine but ok..." Hephaestus grumbled. "Annabeth, Percy and I were on our way to the throne room following Kronos. Outside the door, a statue of Hera fell and landed on my leg. "Do you hate me in every universe?" Thalia asked the Queen of the gods. She just glared at Thalia. Percy tried to help me, but Annabeth dragged him into the throne room saying there was no time. As I struggled to free myself, I could hear Percy battling the Titan Lord. I managed to get free and dragged myself to the throne room doors just in time to see Annabeth sneak up behind Percy and stab him in the lower back. "I would never do that to Seaweed Brain. I'm the one who has to stop himself from doing that on his quests." Annabeth said and the Campers and gods laughed as Percy pouted and Annabeth smirked. When the blade bounced off, Annabeth seemed shocked. I heard her say that that was where his Achilles' spot was to Kronos or Luke. "So she was the traitor! Damn at least our Annabeth is nice... sort of." Leo joked as Annabeth glared and a few snickered and even Malcolm smiled. Percy whirled around and stabbed Luke in his side, a strike that somehow found Luke's Achilles' spot. Annabeth then began attacking Percy, screaming about him killing the love of her life. "Percy is the love of my life." Annabeth said and kissed him as the Aphrodite Cabin and Aphrodite herself cooed and squealed. Percy quickly disarmed her and had his sword at her throat. When Annabeth asked what he was waiting for, Percy told her that her fate wasn't his to decide. Percy said it would be up to the gods to decide what to do with her." Thalia explained out of breath as Apollo made his way to her to heal her leg. "At least he knows his superiors there." Zeus grumbled as Percy smiled sheepishly and Poseidon glared at his brother. "How do we know you're telling the truth?" Athena snapped at Thalia. "In our fathers name Athena! I told you. She. Ain't. Lying." Apollo said exasperated and many snickered. Thalia glared at the goddess before speaking, "I swear on the River Styx that every word I just told the gods was true." Thalia said still glaring at the Goddess of Wisdom. "Or do that." Apollo mumbled. Thunder rumbled loudly and the gods turned to look at Annabeth with looks of rage while she cowered in her shackles. "I'm starting to hate myself." Annabeth said and Leo opened his mouth before Annabeth said. "Leo, don't. You. Dare." She growled and he pales and nodded. Percy managed to get to his feet and stumbled his way toward Thalia, who was now able to stand after Apollo had worked on her leg. As soon as he reached her, he hugged her tightly, whispering thank you, as tears still fell from his eyes. "Damn she hurt him." Katie said. "Maybe if you three could be like that all wars would stop unless Ares causes it." Hestia said as said three pouted slightly and glared at eachother. Thalia, who was also crying, hugged her cousin back just as tightly. Both Percy and Thalia sat near the hearth as the Olympians repaired the damage to their thrones and the throne room. Annabeth was proven a traitor and sentenced to Tartarus after her memories were searched and the gods saw she had been a traitor since the beginning with Luke. "All of it was a lie? That's not even cold. That's cruel." Chris stated. Once the throne room was repaired, the gods brought all the surviving demigods from the war, along with all the Cyclops and nature spirits who fought, inside the throne room for the reward ceremony. As Zeus droned on and on "I do NOT! Drone on." Zeus said and everyone looked at eachother and rolled their eyes whilst Apollo, Hermes, Poseidon and Hades shouted. "YEAH YOU DO!" about the bravery of the gods, Percy comforted his cousin as she continued to cry about the betrayal of their best friend. The same girl, who up until an hour prior, Percy had been hopelessly in love with. He, along with just about everyone else, thought she felt the same way. Apparently it had all been and act and now Percy was at a total loss for answers. His face slowly morphed into one with a look of hopelessness. His eyes lost their mirth and light, becoming lifeless and lost. The temperature seemed to drop a degree as Hestia looked at Percy sadly. He got her, her throne back and was one of the couple demigods who acknowledged her before she became an Olympian again. Percy was snapped back to attention when the gods began to talk about the demigods. Hestia, who was sitting with both Percy and Thalia, gestured for the pair to go forward to hear what Zeus had to say. "Probably something super boring." Apollo said as his father glared at him. Zeus called for Percy's Cyclops half-bother Tyson to come forward. Zeus appointed Tyson a general in the armies of Olympus; the leader of the Cyclops Army in times of war required by the gods. When Zeus offered Tyson a weapon of his choice, Tyson chose a stick. Most chuckled at the request but Percy just stared blankly ahead. "Looks like some never change. He still wanted a stick." Zeus said and many chuckled remembering Tyson's enthusiasm. After Tyson, Grover was appointed a new Lord of the Wild and given a place on the Council of Cloven Elders, to which he fainted after being told. "FOOOODDD!" Percy joked and the Greeks who got the joke laughed. Next was Thalia. She was promised help in filling the Hunter's ranks and was complimented by both her father Zeus and mistress Artemis. "Artemis and Zeus? Great those two never compliment people next thing you know Hera will compliment her too." Apollo said and Hera glared at him. "Percy Jackson!" Poseidon bellowed, as his voice quickly hushed all talking. Percy walked forward, bowing to Zeus first, before kneeling in front of his father's feet. Everyone stared at Percy who kept his head down, face emotionless. "She broke him..." Piper whispered but everyone heard it.