Chapter 1: The Greatest War in History. Long ago. Before the Olympians, Titan, Giants and even the Fates. Existed only the Primordials. Chaos, and his children roamed free in the world. Each Primordial had their own army and creations. These creations who were rather similar to mortals lived happily amongst the Primordials. Worshipping them and serving them. There was peace throughout the world, until one day, Chaos and all the Primordials gathered in the throne room in the void for a meeting. "My children. Today we gather here to make a new creation. With our power we shall make two more Primordial gods who will balance out the destruction and evil, and good and justice." Chaos boomed. He didn't need to say more. The Primordials knew what he was talking about and got to their feet. They lifted their palms and out shot different coloured lights. After a minute the Primordials stopped and the lights died down as they all sat down and stared at the two new gods in the room. One was a man. He was tall and muscular like any Primordial with hair as dark as the Void and black and red eyes that swirled with power. He was dressed in full body armour except for his head. His armour like his his eyes was red and black. Decorated with intricate designs. At his side was a sword. A black handle engraved with designs like his armour and a red ruby in the handle. The blade was red and gave off a red aura. It was a shiny blood red and was around 3 and a half feet long. On the blade was black writing. A language older than Ancient Greek. It said: Everything was created from nothing, eventually it shall be destroyed. For everything returns to where it came from one day. The other being was a woman. She had dark brown eyes, dark hair, a slightly upturned nose and coppery skin. She was dressed in a white and gold dress. Over it she had white armour engraved with gold designs. A sword hung at her side. It was 3 inches shorter than the mans. The handle was white with engraved designs and a diamond in the handle. The blade was silvery white with gold writing that said: Deliver justice with what is fair. Help those who are weaker and protect them from evil. For good always beats evil. The man radiated a powerful aura of death and destruction whilst the woman radiated a relaxing aura of peace and calmness. The Primordials tensed at the mans aura but the girls aura of calmness relieved their stress and made them relax. "Welcome young gods. You are in the presence of the Primordials council. Rise young ones and tell us your names." Chaos' voice thundered. The man and woman rose and the man spoke first. "My...my name is Perseus." The man said. At that the goddess Ananke's eyes glowed slightly before she became normal again. "Perseus, Primordial God of Destruction and Murder." Ananke said and Perseus nodded as some Primordials looked slightly wary but relaxed from the woman's aura. "My name is Irene." The woman said and once again Ananke's eyes glowed before returning to its normal state. "Irene, Primordial Goddess of Peace, Justice, Hope and the embodiment of all good." Ananke said and some Primordials smiled. Many years passed when Irene and Perseus were added to the council. Perseus surprisingly had to have help controlling his power and when he was angry caused a lot of destruction but he tried to always be good no matter what. Irene and him had become freinds easily. Irene was adored by everyone. Always helpful and she always saw the good in people. Both gods had become extremely powerful over time. Their power only grey by the day and eventually they were stronger than Chaos. Something that unnerved the Primordials but they got over it after learning Irene was on the same power level as Perseus. Irene and Perseus, like the other Primordials, created armies. Perseus being the God of Murder had an army of what he called the 'Knights of Destruction' made from anyone who had been murdered. Irene's army was made of those who had died and had been good in their life. Her army was nicknamed 'The Army of Good.' Each armies motto was what it said on their leader's swords. Both gods were amazing freinds with the Primordials. They lived in harmony with the other beings that lived on Gaea's domain. Everyone thought they would have nothing to worry about, that no matter what there would always be peace and that they could trust Perseus. Oh how wrong they were. True, peace lasted for a long time. But then there was the day, where everything went wrong... The Day where everything went wrong. Ananke, Primordial Goddess of Inevitability and Fate, the goddess who weaved destiny itself, was fading. Ananke had finished weaving the Primordial's destiny long ago. But she two more to finish, two more strings of fate that weren't finished. The strings of Irene and Perseus. The problem was Perseus. The only reason his power of destruction hadn't driven him to a mad psychotic man who wants to destroy everything was because Ananke had been keeping it at bay. But if she faded and Perseus' string wasn't finished, his power could overcome him and drive him mad. Irene's string no one saw as a problem...but they realised that there actually was a problem a little too late. Years after Ananke faded. A raging battle. Between two who had been at war for years. Two who had once been so close, driven apart as one was driven mad and overcome by his own power of his domain. Irene and Perseus battled on. Perseus' Army was trying to destroy a village full of innocents. Irene's Army stood in their way. In the middle of the battle two being battled on. Irene and Perseus. "Perseus! Please! Stop the madness!" Irene cried as she ducked under a swipe aimed for her neck. Perseus growled and pressed her harder. His attacks became more ferocious by the minute. "No! Ananke faded long ago. She was stopping me from reaching my true potential! From gaining my true power! From doing what I'm supposed to do!" He hissed as he lunged at Irene's left who blocked and kicked him. Irene went on the offensive. "So? You've reached your true potential! But that doesn't mean you must destroy everything!" She cried again as she slashed at his abdomen. Perseus jumped back and growled. "Don't you get it Irene? I'm am the Primordial God of Destruction and Murder! This is what I'm supposed to do!" He yelled. A lone tear streaked down Irene's face. "You don't understand because your all about protecting people! Everything Chaos created was created from nothingness. Eventually it must be destroyed. It must return to nothingness!" Perseus growled. They fought on and on, until finally Irene disarmed Perseus and placed her sword at his throat. "End it." She whispered. Her voice cracked slightly. "End it? To end it you must kill me Irene." He said in a deathly low voice. Over the years of them splitting apart and becoming enemies Irene began to hate Perseus. But there was always this nagging feeling. A feeling of longing. When she looked at him something inside her chest stirred. She couldn't bring herself to kill him. "I-I can't." She said. Perseus hesitantly lifted up a hand and grasped Irene's sword. He pushed the blade away from his throats and stood up. "I guess I shall see you next time Irene." He whispered in her ear. His voice sent shivers down her spine. But not the kind you get from fear. His lips brushed her cheek, he kissed her cheek before stepping back and raising a hand. His army stopped and together they all disappeared in a flash of black light. Irene stood there frozen. Her cheek tingled where he kissed her that was her chance. Her chance to end it all. And she didn't take it. Why? The truth is she herself didn't know. She sighed and left a small battalion to guard the village and contact her if she was needed. The rest of her army flashed out in a white light as Irene herself flashed out. She teleported to the throne room where she knew the Primordials were. They too were helping in the battle. But Perseus had sent other battalions to different villages so they split up so they could protect each village. When she flashed in the Primordials stared at her. She hung her head low in shame. She had missed her chance after all. She walked over to her throne and sat down. "Irene? Is Perseus..." Chaos started. Irene shook her head. "What? What happened?" He asked worriedly. "I-I had my chance Chaos, but I don't know what stopped me. I just couldn't kill him I couldn't. It was like I was about to kill a part of myself." Irene said shamefacedly. Eros, Primordial God of Love and Procreation noticed over the years the way Irene lit up whenever Perseus came into the room. He payed deep attention to what she was saying. He didn't know what stopped her either. Although he had an idea... A couple months later. A few months later and Perseus was still terrorising the world. Trying to destroy everything. Right now was the final battle. All the Primordials including Chaos were there battling Perseus' Generals who Perseus had made to oppose the Primordials. Irene and Perseus stood in the middle of the battle. The only thing Irene could hear were shouts and cries of both sides as soldiers fell. An arrow whizzed past her and hit one of Irene's soldiers killing him instantly. This furled her anger. With a yell she blocked Perseus' swipe with a swipe of her own that knocked his sword out of his hand. She became angrier and angrier and soon began to shine a bright white light. Perseus realised she was finally reaching her full potential and summoned his sword. Irene struck a powerful blow in a downward arc but Perseus rolled out of the way. With new found strength she kept on the offensive until she hit his head with the butt of her sword sending him flying back. Perseus got up and growled as he began to glow a black aura and his eyes turned pitch black. He launched forward, but there was one thing that surprised himself and Irene. He was flying. The ground under him was being destroyed but he was flying. He flew towards Irene and brought his sword down but she blocked. She too began floating off the ground realising her powers were becoming more and more powerful. She slashed at his chest but he dodged. As she expected. He came up but she pulled chef him in the jaw before shooting straight upwards towards him. Their swords met in a clash but both beings only went higher and higher. Glowing brighter and brighter. The ground underneath Perseus began to bubble as if it was water being boiled, it exploded and took out many soldiers from Irene's army. Irene kicked him and Perseus flew back straight towards Ouranos' domain. "OURANOS!" Irene yelled. Ouranos looked up and saw Perseus. He smiled sadly as he too had become freinds with Perseus and it was hard to be against him. Ouranos raised a hand and a lightning bolt with so much power struck Perseus. Perseus began falling to the floor and landed with a crash. Irene landed next to him ready to deliver the final blow but she hesitated. "Irene! Do it! Only you can kill him!" Ouranos yelled from across the battle field. Eros saw her hesitation and he flashed out quickly. Ananke had faded long ago but there was something wrong. He flashed to her palace and looked for Irene's and Perseus' string of fate.