I do not own Harry Potter. There's a lot of cursing, alcohol and sex. Beware. 1 My relationship with Draco has always been a rollercoaster. We've known each other our entire lives basically, and we were urged together already as children. I hated him at first. He was selfish and he always decided what we were to play, never consulting me. He never played with my dolls or read my favourite tale ( Babbitty Rabbitty and her Cackling Stump ); no, he always forced me out in the mud, playing rough Quidditch – as if I were a boy. We always had a thing for each other – Draco usually hated girls – and I usually only hung out with girls. But there was something that made us two like each other. So last year, fourth year, we got together after the Yule ball, snogging for the first time. Then we were sort of together, on and off for the rest of the school year. And everything was perfect except for when we argued (which, for the record, was a lot). Then we started fifth year and everything turned bad. Back to reality after a lovely summer together. We started fighting more, and everything turned to shit basically. If there's anyone who can make me feel utterly useless, it's him. I don't even know why we started fighting – I think basically it was because fifth year was more difficult, at least for me. I had to study loads. Also, he didn't like it when I hung out with my friends in my spare time instead of him. I had a difficult enough time balancing friends and school-work, and having a boyfriend just seemed to be getting in the way. That sounds horrible – and I don't know how it was because Draco brainwashed me into thinking I did everything wrong; being a bitch for only seeing him late at night sleeping together and not managing to see him in the days. But it wasn't like that from my point of view – I saw him at nights, crept into his dormitory, because I loved sleeping next to him, feeling the safety of his arms around me – because I loved him so much. But he said I didn't appreciate him enough, he became colder towards me, and started making up stories that I was cheating on him and bringing up old things that happened almost a year before in our relationship. We had a massive fight one day at Prefect patrols. What I remember most clearly of what he said to me that night was "you're such a bloody slag and I never cared about you anyway!" – heartless things like that that he says to his girlfriend of almost a year, with the only motive to hurt me. Basically he split up with me. I was heartbroken for a month, tried to talk to him, but he wouldn't read my notes I wingardium'd at him in Charms class, he walked away whenever I tried approaching him in the common room, and he didn't show up for prefect duties. But then one night he did. Just as I came out into the dark dungeon outside Slytherin common room, I heard the portrait swinging open another time. I turned around and there he was, coming towards me. We just stood and looked at each other for a moment, my heart was beating fast, and he was looking unusually humble. Then he just came up and hugged me, held me really. I almost started crying. I remember breathing in his scent and feeling like I was complete again and just holding on for dear life. I couldn't work without him. Remembering this, my stomach still turns over and my heart jumps. Same if I run into him. But anyway. We had sex that night, because we missed each other so terribly, sickly much. I fooled myself into thinking it meant we were getting back together, I kept telling myself he'd approach me the next day because the possibility of us being over was... unreal. I knew I'd never become as close to anyone else, I couldn't possibly – he was my favourite person in the whole world and I knew I'd been that person for him as well, for almost a year. But he ignored me the next day. He was out of bed when I woke up. He wasn't at breakfast in the Great Hall either, nor in Potions class, or any of the lessons we had that day. I tried talking to him the day after that, but he ignored me. Finally two days later I sent him a note in class. 'What's going on?' I wrote. I glanced at him when he received it. His head was laying low – he refused to look at me. His face was cold, and the same cold spread through me when I read his response in clear black ink. Inescapable. 'Nothing'. I was empty for months and felt like I'd had a Dementor's kiss – soulless. Nobody could cheer me up, not my friends, not my parents, or anyone. I just kept on living but not really living, the days just passed and I had a big hole inside of me that nothing could fill – and I just couldn't be happy. I don't know why I didn't try to talk to him, persuade him, make him see senses – I didn't even try. I suppose I wanted him to do it and I suppose in the same way time tells all because he didn't give two shits about me because he slept with me and didn't give to shits to keep in touch after. It hurt so much, thinking about it all the time, repeating what I'd done wrong in my head, mentally breaking myself down, thinking all I ever was to him was a shag, he never loved me like he'd said he did a hundred times during our relationship – hell, probably never even liked me, while he always had my heart and still did. It hurt so much. I never got whole again. It's been a year now. We had sex a year ago. We've just started sixth year and we never speak. I've been with my friends, done school-work. I've got great marks now. And I'm bored shitless, and my life is empty. I've been focusing on school so much during last year and the first month now of this year simply because I've been needing a distraction, but it's not working. I'm not happy. I must change something. I must. 2 My life lately has been very laid-back. I don't do much except prefect duties and school-work. Naturally, I've got my best friends without whom I wouldn't last a day in Hogwarts – Daphne Greengrass, who I've known my entire life and who is like a sister to me – blonde and both bitchy and adorably nice (she's the prettiest girl in Slytherin and loves to flirt – she and Blaise Zabini who happens to be Draco's best mate has an on and off relationship similar to how me and Draco were, but the difference is that they keep cheating on each other). Tracey Davis, the clever brunette in our group, she's the one who gets us to study. Millicent Bulstrode, a female Crabbe and Goyle if you will, but she's a loyal friend and she always has my back. And Aurelia Runcorn, a fellow Death Eater's daughter - altough, that is not something us Slytherins talk openly about, despite common perception. The boys in our year are Draco Malfoy – smug wanker living off his father's reputation; Blaise Zabini – who loves nothing but his mum, beer and sex; Theodore Nott – the only normal one and one of my good friends (at least he was, before me and Draco split up…); Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle – who mostly hangs after Draco. We used to hang out loads with the older blokes as well – like Montague, Pucey, Warrington and them. I was best friends with all the lads. But then me and Draco broke up and naturally he got custody… It's sick how me and Draco have managed to not speak for a year despite going to the same boarding school. Not until this weekend, that is. Friday evening, when finally our last History of Magic lesson ended, us girls went down to the Great Hall for dinner. There was a bubbly and exciting atmosphere in the Hall – everyone was excited for the weekend. We'd only been back in school for little more than three months but I knew at least me and my friends were sick of it. After dinner, us girls went down to the dormitory which we all share and started getting ready for the evening, doing our makeup and sipping on some elf-made wine meanwhile. Then we sneaked out to Hogsmeade. Giggling through the dungeons, until we found the secret passage behind the portrait of the one-eyed witch on the forth floor. Imagine my surprise when we enter Hog's Head and the lads are all there. Including Draco. Soon as I saw him, my stomach started aching and my heart skipped a beat and I felt like I wanted to vomit. It'd been so long… He saw me too - we got that eye contact, which made me completely weak. I didn't want to see him, and he was sitting with two girls on each side of him. It was so awkward. And naturally all my girlfriends walked up and said hello to the boys, and I would've too if he wasn't there - since I know all those lads. I didn't. Millicent immediately looked at me when we saw that Draco was there, and she took me by the hand and went to another table and we sat down there. The girls came round and sat down after saying hello to the lads. They immediately dived in and started throwing questions at me, it was all a blur. "Draco's here, bloody hell! You haven't hung out with him for, what, a year, yeah?" "Why didn't you say hi?" "Do you want him back?" "Did see you see all those girls the boys are with, and there were two of them who were like clinging onto to him, he's such a fucking player, you don't want him back." (Last one was Daphne, decisive as ever naturally). They were basically just asking all the questions I was asking myself in my head. I felt overwhelmed suddenly – sat and not at all excited to go out. I just wanted to go home and cry in my bed basically. The girls noticed that and tried to cheer me up. "Don't be sad! Love, you're much better than him and he knows that as well!" "Yeah, come on; let's get you a boy to forget about this." That last comment made me realise that no other boy would make me happy because he was the only one who could do that. I felt even more down. I cast a glance towards the boys crowded table and saw that Draco had leaned over, slightly distancing himself from the two girls, towards Theodore and Blaise, looking like they were whispering - I looked really hastily but I managed to see that Draco looked awkward; holding his hand over his mouth slightly stroking it and his eyes flickering round my way. I decided to not look at him again that night, and try to have fun with my friends but it felt impossible because he was all I thought about. Of course I wanted him back. I couldn't even fool myself – how was I going to fool my friends, his friends or him ? Millicent stayed with me all the time. The girls went to get drinks and, sipping on my pint of lager, I glanced over and noticed Draco fiercely snogging