The Potterverse setting is the property of JK Rowling Prologue "It was once my duty to know people. During my tenure in the Ministry, and onward into my career at the Academy, I've come to know many persons, wizarding and Muggle alike. In all that time, I've become certain of exactly two things: one, we are all one human race, and two, I will never fully understand them." Sherrod Howe August 1, 1994 Dear Finnbar, How are things back home? Weather's been typical for Northern Ireland, and you'll be glad to hear that the Muggles round here have rather quieted down, it seems! Made me quite happy for old Bishop that his rally went undisturbed, for the most part (more on that later). In any case, now that it's done, I'll likely be home by tomorrow, once I've taken in a bit of local color. There's a good German opera playing just down the street; quite retrospective, as I say, and I'd hate to miss it. Now I know you wished to meet the good doctor, but fear not. I intend to regale you with all the essentials. It will be as though you were there yourself! Here's how it began: For a Monday, Great Victoria Street was very typically busy. As a general rule, Great Victoria is perhaps the foremost thoroughfare in Belfast, and one that the Muggles of the city count on quite heavily, as it houses the Belfast Great Victoria Street railway station, its central position allowing for easy walking to the shopping streets, to the Grand Opera House, the Odyssey Arena and the Crown Liquor Saloon, and of course, the famous Europa Hotel, the so-called "most bombed hotel in Ireland", which only reopened last February. By the entrance to the parking garage, there's a broom closet, so cramped and tucked away in the corner, so blended in with the color of the rest of the wall, you'd never see it if you didn't already know it was there. Being that I come here so often to hear my good friend speak, I knew exactly where to find it. My hair was just the way I like it, and I had just the right layer of stubble on, along with my favorite charcoal-colored ascot. To occupy my thoughts, I allowed myself to chuckle at the thought of how ironic the hotel stood; all the different points of attack the IRA could even now pursue. Quite bewildering, I say, that Muggles insist on building these skyscrapers so damn tall, and yet afford so little protection to them. Just whatever happened to a good old fashioned stone castle, eh Finn? But, I digress. Once I stepped into the closet, I tapped the three bricks sticking out of the wallpaper with my wand, and in an instant, the wall pushed backward on itself, stretching into a modest-sized hallway, before suddenly dropping into a spiral mahogany staircase. I observed from all the smudges on the railing that the hotel was quite bustling, as there were so many handprints adorning said railing, and no one had yet bothered to come wipe it down. Far be it from me to leave such a thing unattended, I took the liberty myself, casting a simple charm to clean it off. Then, after replacing my wand back in its pocket, I began down the hall, and from there down the stairs. I was quite excited for my impending performance, so I must confess I had quite a spring in my step. At the bottom of the staircase, which was quite a long ways down, I then found myself in the quaint lobby, about the size of one of our classrooms at Rathlin, with red and black checkered tapestries, elaborately-patterned, yet faded carpet, some lived-in couches and chairs beside a roaring fire off in the corner, and in the opposite corner, beside an archway and raised portcullis, was the Hotel Victoria front desk, manned by a goblin with a long black beard, and checkered robes which matched the tapestries. The goblin continued on writing in a ledge that was about the size of him, as I walked towards the desk, admiring the gigantic wall of shining keys behind it. When I reached the desk, I promptly rang the bell twice, and gave a smile at my host, who slowly looked up from his book, glaring, yet also attempting to smile. "Welcome to the Hotel Victoria, sir," the goblin crackled, "How may I help you?" "I'm here for the rally, chap," replied I, "My old friend Sibs is speaking here, Dr. Sebastian Bishop? He usually speaks in conference room four?" "Conference room four…" slowly, methodically, the goblin host flipped through his ledger, ran his bony finger down each page, and turned again, all while I watched, trying to maintain my smile, for the sake of the moment and for politeness. You never know with these goblins; clever, but not the most friendly of fiends. "Ahhhh, yes," the goblin tapped at a particular spot on the page, " Dr . Bishop, of St. Mungo's. Unfortunately, conference room four was reserved this year, in favor of a charity auction, a benefit for those affected by the current conflict in America. Dr. Bishop's rally had to be moved to a...somewhat smaller venue. Conference room eight." "Ah, say no more, friend," I tapped the desk, "I know the place. As I recall, the guests all gathered there for a party back when He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named was destroyed. I remember Albus Dumbledore even made an appearance. Crashed the party, held a toast, took my last bag of lemon drops and buggered off before you could say 'Bob's your uncle'. You weren't working here back then, were you?" The goblin shrugged. "Anyhow, I can find my where there alright. Thank you kindly, sir!" The goblin simply nodded, and returned to his writing as I sped down under the portcullis and left down the west conference hallway. I've never been late to one of Sibs's rallies, and I'd be damned if I started now. Now Finnbar, I need to tell you something about conference room eight, as it speaks greatly to poor Sib's state of mind prior to his speech: Aside from its historical significance to the Hotel Victoria, being the room that hosted the official celebrations of Voldemort's fall, for all of Belfast, and the event which caused the hotel's prominence as the premiere wizarding hotel in the whole of Northern Ireland, it was a rather embarrassing place to host a political rally. The whole reason that the party was hosted there to begin with, was because it was the only vacant conference room at the time. Why? Because no other conference wanted to be held there. It was not only the smallest conference room in the hotel, being only slightly larger than a cinema screening, and not only was it perpetually smelly due to the ghoul living under the floorboards, but it was also situated right under the honeymoon suite, and right next to the kitchens. While magic could block out the noise, the vibrations were much more difficult to block out...from both. I imagine Sebastian could only hope, as he sit at his dressing vanity backstage, that nobody had gotten married in Belfast recently. As I snuck up behind him from backstage, he was wearing his finest dress robes, as always, with a red rose inside his right lapel, a good-luck charm his wife had given him before taking her seat. I perceive if he had placed it there himself, it would've been in his left lapel, naturally, since he's right-handed, as is his wife (yet again, I digress). His salt-and-pepper hair had just been neatly greased and combed to his liking, straight with a small cowlick in the front. His fur was a healthy orange, well-groomed and fluffy after some two hours of tender, loving care. As he held his flash cards in one padded hand, tapping them against the table, the fingers of his other hand drummed against his lap, while his tail nervously swung this way and that behind him. Speaking he could handle, but the waiting is what kills him, poor lad. "Sibs!" Sebastian jumped in his seat, startled before he could turn around and see who it was. In the reflection of his vanity, his inspiration (if I may put modesty aside), his friend and mentor, yours truly, Headmaster Howe, stood behind him, my thumbs hooked into the pockets of my vest. Upon seeing me, Sebastian took a sigh of relief. "Sherrod!" he smiled, then got up from his stool and embraced his old friend. "Good to see you, doctor!" I hugged back, "How's Hannah?" "She's great, thanks. She'll be really happy to see you, you hardly ever visit anymore." "Ah, recent affairs are keeping me occupied, I'm afraid. Times are changing over at Rathlin, and your alma mater as well." "I heard. You really did get to meet Harriet Potter, then?" "That I did." "And what they're saying about Black? He was innocent all along?" "Well, there's a trial going. That's all I can say." "All you can say , eh?" I winked, and Sebastian laughed. "Very well," the doctor shrugged, "You have your adventures, and I have mine. Speaking of which?" "Oh, right! When do you want me to go on?" "Whenever you're ready, boy." "Good, let's go now!" "Well, wait a minute—!" It was too late. I had already pushed myself through the checkered curtain, and was awaited to the sound of a modest-sized audience applauding, some whistling. "Okay, okay, thank-you everyone," I began, "My my, I don't recognize some of you, and I never forget a face. How 'bout it, lads? Golly wiz, are we really this popular now?" The crowd laughed for a while. "Now, since we do have some new faces now, some introductions are in order. My name is Dr. Sebastian Bishop," the crowd laughed again, "And these rumors about me being a freakish cat man, really need to stop," they laughed harder. "No, no, I'm kidding, obviously. My name is actually Sherrod Howe, Headmaster at Rathlin School of the Arts and Magic, and I'm a friend of the cat-man," a couple laughs there, but not nearly as many, "And you did hear me right, I said 'doctor'. In addition to being the Potions Master in charge of mental health, up at St. Mungo's, he is also a Muggle-trained psychiatrist, and was a fine addition to their psychiatric department, which even now remains the fastest-growing branch of medicine in magical Great Britain today." A modecome of applause ensued. " Now me and Bishop have known each other for about a decade now. Our friendship grew through letters to me at Rathlin, and I learned through our correspondence, just how much my school's legacy has made an impact on some people. Him, obviously, but many of you as well, since you're here. Well, some of you at least. I got to figure a few of you came because your girlfriend promised you pussy if you came with her, and you just—" roaring laughter ensued, "Just completely misunderstood her." the tittering went on, then died down a bit. "So then, without further ado, it is my sincere honor, to welcome to the stage, the man who's apparently going to end the Statute of Secrecy and bring about world peace, or some such thing," some laughs came from that, followed by a roaring applause, "Please welcome Dr. Sebastian Dwightly Bishop, founder and president of the Re-Integrationist Party of Great Britain, and your candidate for Wizengamot!" With confident stride, I heard Sebastian get up from his stool, and looked on with pride as he stepped through the curtain, waving at the now-standing crowd of around a hundred or so people. Behind the glare of the stage lights, he could see his darling Hannah raising her fists as she called his name, her white robe and blonde hair adorned with every kind of flower. He bit his