A/N: This is a very Hermionecentric story and contains very graphic depictions of rape. It also covers sensitive topic issues such as sexual assault, and substance abuse. You have been warned. Also, I'm revising each of these chapters. Sorry if you're getting annoying notifications. I wasn't feeling the story first time around so I'm adding in a lot of things, and fixing up the holes and loose ends to the best of my ability. Thank y'all for your patience with this! Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, I'm poor. Decorated nick knacks tastefully displayed over shelves and freshly painted walls accentuated by the still pictures of what seemed to be a normal muggle family adorned the walls of a quaint country home. Any onlooker would have passed 1202 Tadworth Drive without a second thought. The air hung heavy under the smiling faces in the frames, where the Granger family sat on expensive furniture, painting a very different portrait. A somewhat older woman with somewhat tamed bushy blonde hair and green eyes, who would have been much more attractive had her face not been flushed with her fourth drink that night. Mrs. Granger was silently drinking scotch with small sips in quick succession as her dismayed husband was sorrowfully breaking very terrible news to the couple's teenage daughter. Hermione's heart sunk to her stomach. Her knuckles were white from the grip she had on her chair. When her parents both came to her and asked to speak in the sitting room, Hermione had a very ominous feeling as to what this may be about. "Hermione... we know we said we wouldn't bring him back here when you left for your fourth year. We know how bad things were then. You have to understand, though. He has no where to go and he's my child as much as you are." Said a middle aged man with graying brown hair and brown eyes, confirming his daughters fears. "He's 25, dad." Hermione croaked, she didn't have much control over her voice. She very much doubted her protests would change her parent's minds. "Darling, he's trying to get his life back on track. He's just been released from a half way house. His mother killed herself a few months back. Your mother and I talked about it, and it will probably be for a year as he saves up for his own place." Continued Mr. Granger who was searching his mind for rationalizations for his daughter, but coming up short. Hermione couldn't even speak. Crookshanks sat in her lap purring in futile attempts to comfort his distressed owner. He looked upon her as if to figure out how to feel himself. Hermione's breath quickened and her ears buzzed. Her expression was not lost on her parents. "Poppet, I understand how you feel," her father started carefully, and he awkwardly tried to place a hand on his daughter's shoulder. "This will not be like the last few times, I promise. I've installed locks on your doors," her father haphazardly reassured. Hermione scoffed, shrugging her father's hand off of her and jumping from her seat which skidded roughly on the wooden floor underneath it. Crookshanks jumped off her lap and made a bee line towards her bedroom. "You can't possibly think, I'm going to be enduring this again! You promised, dad! You promised me you would only have him back home when I can stay with the Weasley's! You said after he turned 18 he wouldn't even be back here!" Hermione's fingers rushed to her eyes and frantically wiped away her tears. She felt almost certain she was beginning to have a heart attack. "Hermione, please don't start," her mother interjected as if her daughter were complaining about being told to do chores. "He has no where to go. What do you expect us to do? Your father has an obligation to both of you. It's just out of our hands!" Hermione's mother paused to take a gulp of her drink. She closed her eyes and massaged her hands over them, stopping at her scalp grabbing handfuls of hair. "Don't go making this anymore difficult for us. I'm sure the Weasley's will invite you over soon, you know they will. Just stick it out until then. It won't be that bad. If you had just gotten an owl in your fourth year instead of that bloody cat, you would be able to ask them yourself, you know." Said her mother bitterly, Hermione chose to ignore that last bit. "But you know! You know what happens! You know how sick he is! Why-" "Stop it!" Hermione's mother interrupted banging her glass on the table. "We're not discussing this anymore, what else do you want us to do, Hermione? Robert will be here in the morning. You will only be here for a few weeks, if that. His mother killed herself, he has no where to go. He has no other family, like I said, we had no other choice. Don't you think it would rise suspicions if we turned away your father's own son?" Her mother said, Hermione's jaw fell open. "You could have taken him in or you could have turned him away! Are you seriously still more worried of what your colleagues might think, than your own biological daughter?!" Hermione said her voice steadily raising to the point of yelling. Hermione's mum stood up, "don't you EVER take that tone with me! Do you think you're the only one who has to make sacrifices!? You get to go away for most of the year, Hermione. We are the one's stuck here dealing with this," she shouted gesturing between herself and Hermione's father. "When you're out flying on broomsticks and making love potions with your friends, we're here dealing with him. Do you think we want to be here?" Hermione bit her tongue and breathed heavily through her nostrils to keep the barrage of fury from spilling from her mouth. She knew her parent's were not going to be reasoned with, but she still wanted to make her feelings known. Accustomed to her mother's dismissal of the severity of her daughters situation, and her father's denial, the fact that she was outright being belittled and yelled at for protesting her brother living in her home set a fire of rage off inside of her. "You have no idea what you're talking about! You have no idea how hard I work in school, or what I go through at Hogwarts! I don't need this, mum!" Her voice steadily gaining volume to rival her mother's shouting. "OH, SO YOU THINK I DO?! LOOK AT WHAT YOU HAVE!" Hermione's mother flung her arm to gesture around their home. She finished her drink off and inhaled deeply. She paused to calm herself dawn while her daughter was conjuring more verbal ammunition in her head to quail her mother's pathetic attempts at shifting the blame onto her. "We try to give you everything. We pay for all of those books, even after that one from your third year tried to bite me! We fund everything you need for that school we're not even allowed to see! Why can't you just appreciate what we do for you, Hermione? We let you spend all summer with the Weasley's." Hermione stayed silent and glared daggers at her mother, who seemed quite more offended. "We've taken you on ski trips for Chrissake! Do you know what I got for a Christmas holiday when I was that age?" Mrs. Granger scathed. "We had to visit my senile grandmother in Wales and my mum made me sleep in a car that Christmas. We certainly didn't have a home like this! We lived in a 2 bedroom apartment." Mrs. Granger paused to look for a response from her daughter, and grew more angry as the guilt trip seemed to have minimal effect, if any, on Hermione whose eyes narrowed and her lips curled in disgust. "You always have to focus on the negative. Your father has two children, you know! I know that it's hard, I do. I understand that you're going through a lot, and your father has a lot of responsibility for that." Mrs Granger bit, her gaze turned to Hermione's dad who pushed his chair back and stomped out of the living room, and slammed the door in his wake. Her mum sighed, "we know it's hard, it's hard on all of us. It's even hard on him. He's troubled. We're doing our best to fix this within our family. You have so much, Hermione. More than you probably realized. Just focus on what we do for you!" Her mother finished callously, and poured herself another drink. Hermione had a lot more trouble biting her tongue as anger bubbled up inside of her. She felt like she was on fire,"So that's that then? You're going to sit here and drink yourself stupid while I have to try and negate an obstacle course of sexual harassment?" Hermione snapped venomously, she breathed hard to keep her voice steady amongst her hysterics. Mrs. Granger gulped her drink back and poured another. "What did I say about talking to me like that? Have you listened to nothing else, I've said?" "Look at what you're inviting this into my life, to live in our home. Oh, I'm so sorry you have to drink, and work, and wallow in your own self pity. Mind you, it is absolutely BIZARRE that yourself is all you can think about while you're letting your own daughter get ra-" "SHUT UP!" Her mother harshly interjected slamming her glass on the coffee table. Hemione's jaw clamped shut as her eyes bored into her mother's murky green gaze. The older woman miserably collapsed into her chair. "Just go to your room," her mum demanded. She breathed in heavily, her lip quivering and she made a show of wiping her tears, "I'm not talking about this anymore, Hermione!" She finished amongst her theatrical sobs. Hermione shook her head and stomped up the stairs slamming her door closed behind her so hard the concussion caused a vase perched ontop of her bookshelves to fall and break. She examined the locks her father mentioned. He had put five different ones on the inside of her door, as if her room was the only place she had ever been attacked. Hermione scoffed but locked every one in spite of herself, before she heard a knock on her door. Crookshanks was rubbing himself on her ankles and purring with a curious expression on his face. "Poppet?" Her father tried hesitantly, "darling, please. I'm not mad, I just want to... Hermione, can I come in?" Hermione stayed silent and considered whether or not she should. She inhaled deeply and let her breath out slowly and began to slam the dead bolts back, and only opened the door as far as the chain would allow it. "I'm so sorry, Hermione," he pleaded, through the door crack. Hermione glared back examining her father. His face looked flushed, ascewing his once charming features into a puffy mess of red blotches underneath graying neglected facial hair and wrinkles. He was hunched by the door way and his eyes were red and crying. He seemed quite a bit drunk himself. Though more timid and vulnerable than Hermione's mother, without the protection of his sober emotional abstinence. "So you're just going to drink your obligation away, too, I see?" She jabbed, bitterly as she echoed her mother's sentiments. Her father looked at his feet and began sobbing."His mother told me, 11 years ago her boyfriend had been molesting him." Mr. Granger bemoaned sorrowfully, " I thought I could help one of my kids. I didn't know that my little girl-" his uncontrollable wails cut off his sentence as he balanced himself on her door way and crumpled pitifully to the floor. "I didn't know what I was doing, baby, I'm so, so, so sorry," he finished miserably. Hermione slammed the