Iiiiiit's MARDI GRAS! (I'm such a Southerner.) But seriously, Mardi Gras is awesome. You get four-day weekends and burgers and chips and the early season melons and KING CAKE and get to get slapped in the face with really hard beads. XD And now you guys think that I'm nuts, probably. Oh well. *snickers uncontrollably* **Important**So, formatting. Bold indicates notes. Regular is stats, like title, word count, summary, things like that. Italics is a snippet or snippets of what I've already written. An actual line break means that I've separated each story from one another. A line break that looks like LINE BREAK means that I'm separating the snippets of one story. Also, there are fifteen "stories" total. Ten are purely Harry Potter. Five are crossovers of Harry Potter or have no correlation to Harry Potter at all, and are a completely different fandom. Title: Perception… Summary: …is everything. Or, in which Evelyn, Girl-Who-Lived, Lady of the House of Potter, goes to Hogwarts as a boy and wages war on the status quo. Status: Part I: Boy-Who-Lived—Complete. 32,960 words Part II: Girl-Who-Lied—In Progress. 7,226 words Part III: Revolutionary—Not Yet Started. 0 words Part IV: ?—Not Yet Started. 0 Words Projected Word Count: 150K-200K Genres: Adventure, Humor, Family, Drama, Romance, Friendship "You would be the jewel of Slytherin," the Hat coaxed. "I would be murdered before the night's out," Evelyn said sourly. "You would be great," the Hat said. "Make connections." "I can do that just fine from Gryffindor," Evelyn snapped. "And great simply means 'big' or 'a lot'. Would I be a lot good or a lot evil? I'm not willing to find out, are you?" LINE BREAK By the beginning of October, Evelyn had spread her connections far enough (much to the consternation of a couple Gryffindors) that she got them all together and pitched her idea for a newspaper for the students. She'd now had three people demand why she wasn't in Slytherin. She had just laughed at them and said, "Not for the lack of trying on the Hat's part." But she did have a motive for the newspaper. It was quite simple, actually. It let 'Harry' Potter be public, be seen by people who didn't normally associate with or see 'him'. And it would put to rest some of those bloody rumors. Those things alternately amused her or pissed her off, depending on how stressed out she was. Little by little, she learned more of her heritage and sway, both politically and publicly. Basically, she was half a step down from Albus Dumbledore. The Students' Selection dropped jaws with its debut. Fortunately, wizards did not have the racial prejudices that the Muggle world had. It was only against things that were not fully human, Muggles in general, and gender. Not that big of a deal at all. None whatsoever. No, actually, she felt like crying. LINE BREAK Evelyn sneaked into the third floor. "All that talk about keeping your Gryffindorks from doing something stupid, and here you are, doing something stupid," Blaise's distinctive voice drawled. Evelyn must have jumped a foot. "Hypocrite, much?" LINE BREAK Notes: Inspired by all the fem!Harry stories that take a perfectly good character and twist poor Harry until he's unrecognizable as a she or a he. Also, I read one story that made fem!Harry all fluttery and shy and oh my freaking gods , I wanted to leave a flaming review. But I didn't. I managed to compliment the actual writing before I proceeded to pick apart the story one plot hole at a time. Also slightly motivated by TheGirlWithFarTooManyIdeas's Cult Potter story (not inspired, because I started working on this before she published Cult Potter). I have a few scenes to iron out in Part I, but it's otherwise ready for publishing. Title: ? Summary: Before she died, Lily Potter was many things: mother, lover, Seer, genius, and stubborn as hell. After she died though, she became Saviour. Watch as she guides her son from beyond the grave. Status: Part I: Lily—In Progress. 1,566 words Part II: Harry—In Progress. 513 words Projected Word Count: 60K-100K Genres: Family, Suspense, Mystery, Tragedy, Drama Lily had always had visions. For as long as she could remember, she would occasionally be plucked from her physical body and pointed in the direction of somewhere/somewhen else. It didn't happen very often, twice a year at most, and it often happened so instantaneously to the outside world that she passed it off as tripping over thin air to whoever may have witnessed it. So when she rolled over in bed in the early morning of Halloween of 1979, slightly sore from the previous night's heavy lovemaking with James, she was surprised when she felt the tugging sensation of an oncoming vision. She had just had one not two months before, about an attack that had saved the Prewett Twins' lives. The redhead settled back into the bed and gave herself over to the vision, popping out of her limp body like a top of a shaken bottle of Coke. And suddenly, Lily was somewhere else. There was a boy about nine years old, practically drowning in oversized clothing. He was skinny, his bones easily visible. He clambered into the room—perhaps an attic?—that Lily was standing in. He was hunched, defeated, eyes the same startling green as her own dull and downtrodden. He reached over for a trunk—a startlingly familiar trunk, because it was her own. He hefted it with a grunt and stumbled and dropped it with a thud. The trunk tilted onto its side, the bottom exposed. Lily got closer. There was something taped to the underside. The boy evidently noticed it too, because he scrambled up and tilted his head to the side to read the currently-upside down note. Lily was in the same position, but mirror-opposite, her head tilted the other way. Boy and spirit read the heartbreakingly simple note: Mummy loves you, Harry. And Lily was thrust back into her body, and promptly burst into tears. She knew, she knew instantly that her little boy was curled up inside her and probably hadn't even progressed to head and body yet, let alone the eight-year-old that she saw. She curled up in bed, arms wrapped around her gravid abdomen, and sobbed. LINE BREAK Notes: Don't kill me! Although, honestly, I have some real whoppers planned for this. I don't know what inspired this. No, wait, I do. It was a story called Misdial, which is a BBC Sherlock fanfic about John and Sherlock managing to text one another through the barrier of a year's time. I can't say too much about it without ruining it, but let me tell you: it's a wild ride. I literally screamed at one point. I had to get up and walk off because I couldn't handle the emotions anymore. It's slash, but not very graphic. If you ignore the Christmas Incident and the last chapter, I think you could see it as a heavy bromance. But yes, that is most definitely the inspiration for this. To answer the question that I know is going to crop up: yes, Lily and James will still die. I actually sat down and calculated how many days that Lily was presumably pregnant and even when I put in exactly nine months, Harry was conceived two Halloweens before his parents were killed. O.O How freaky is that?! I don't know if that was intentional on JKR's part, but if it was, hats off to her. Title: Master of Death Summary: Being the wielder of the Wand, the Stone, and the Cloak is a little more challenging and…crazy…than anyone could have imagined. (Myths galore.) Slightly cracky. Status: In Progress. 3,231 words Projected Word Count: 5,000-10,000 words. (Maybe more, if I actually come up with a plot and not just straight snark.) Genres: Humor, Family, Friendship, Drama, (Snark, if that could be labeled as a genre.) He could feel again. There was a hard stone floor beneath him (tile, his mind identified), grungy with sand and dirt that many feet tracked in. There was light, but there was darkness. "Open your eyes," a dry voice said. A woman's voice, heavily accented with an Asian language. Oh, right. Green eyes blinked open, looking at the Japanese woman crouching above him. Information and memories and identities were trickling into his mind—nothing registered in his on-stun brain. "Hello, Death." Right. He died. Sad. Well, no, not really. His life wasn't all that happy. He sat up, looking around for the aforementioned Death, but saw no one but the woman. He looked at her, green eyes silently asking if she could see something that he couldn't. "You are Death," she said in response. "You gathered the items, did you not?" She was four steps and a game of hopscotch ahead of him, he felt. He was still processing the fact that he was dead, that he could see his parents and Sirius and Cedric and all of those who had been killed or labeled as missing but everyone knew they were gone, that all he had to do to see his friends again was wait, because death is inevitable, no matter if you make the Philosopher's Stone. "Hey," she said, poking him with a sharp, manicured fingernail between the eyes. "Are you stupid or just deaf?" He ignored her, slowly coming up to the present. You are Death, he finally remembered what she said. Dread filled him—death was all-encompassing, immortal, and unchanging. Was he the same if he was Death? "No," he said in denial, a sharp weight like he'd swallowed a brick resting in his stomach. "Well then, you could at least deign to respond," she said, irritated. "I know it was a bit of an info dump, I had a migraine for a week, let me tell you, but I was aware." "No," he repeated, whispering, listening to her and conducting a search of his mind. "No, NO!" He was Hades, he was Osirius, he was Hel, he was Donn and Mors and San la Muerte. He was the ultimate form of a person with multiple personalities. He was tall, dark, and broody, and blueberry-blue and cheerful with kids, he was a woman (and boy did that feel weird) with half his (her?) body rotted, and a man with a decapitated head that liked singing. He was a thief of souls, stealing them away in the night, and an animated skeleton that liked reading. And he was a dead teenager with bad eyesight and messy black hair. Harry was doubled over, half-yelling, half-sobbing, half-desperate, half-pleading, and he knew that he was out of his mind because four halves did not make a whole. LINE BREAK There were voices in his head, offering comments—snarky and otherwise—platitudes, reassurances. There were a couple who weren't even talking to him, but someone else in their respective realms. There were voices that he listened to with his ears as well, mostly variations of strongly-worded denials. What were they denying? They think you're dead, idiot! Oh. His thoughts paused. Voldemort, right. Forgot about him. One of the other deities snickered. Other deities. He was a deity? Was he a deity? A god? Blegh. He sounded like Malfoy. Stick with deity. Doesn't sound so conceited. The snickers in his head increased. There was the sound of yelling and a taunting, high-pitched voice, and it brought Harry back to his body. Right. Lying in the middle of a warzone. Great idea, Harry. The snickers turned into laughter. Shush. Snickers don't help playing my image of being dead. LINE BREAK Notes: …and it only deteriorates from there. XD Seriously, it's my story, and I crack myself up every time I go back and re-read it. Also, in the above section, the normal is supposed to be italicized and the italicized is normal. But I italicized the whole thing so it flip-flopped everything, making it fairly confusing. I'm sorry, there is a lot of in-Harry's-head discussion. Also,