Disclaimer: The Harry Potter Universe does not belong to me, I simply write fan fiction for my own enjoyment. A/N: Ok folks, this is not going to be a sweet romantic story. This is going to be dark. Readers, ye be warned. We're talking violence, adult content, character death, dub-con, possible non-con, etc. If you are willing to accept the risks, read on. T*R*T*R*T*R*T*R*T*R*T*R*T*R*T*R*T*R* I've always been a hunter Nothing on my tail But there was something in you I knew could make that change ~Karliene – Become the Beast~ T*R*T*R*T*R*T*R*T*R*T*R*T*R*T*R*T*R* Hermione looked at the devastation around her. So many dead, so many families torn apart. Voldemort was destroyed but they'd laid waste to their own world to do it. Harry was dead, the Weasleys were trying to deal with the loss Fred, and little Teddy Lupin was an orphan. She walked away from the carnage in the great hall and climbed the steps, finding herself standing in front of the rotating staircase that led up to the Headmaster's office. It was open, as if waiting for her. She climbed the steps and entered the room, there was a door open at the back of the office, a sliver of light beckoning to her. She pushed open the door and saw the most curious thing. It looked like a slightly different time turner to the one she'd had back in 3rd year. There was a note with it. If the end is to dark, best to alter the path. There will be no returning from this endeavor. 53 and a Half Turns should do the trick. Have on you what you require, and be prepared for what lies ahead. Goodbye Miss Granger. Might I suggest engaging this in the corridor outside the library? Just touching it, she could hear the Headmaster's voice wrap around her and it brought tears to her eyes. She knew what she had to do. Her feet took her up to the Prefect's bathroom, the door opening for her as if the castle sensed that she was on a mission. Once inside she set the bath to filling, and rummaged through her tattered beaded bag, pulling out her school trunk. She pulled out one of her uniforms and laid it out, slipping out of her muggle clothes. She sank into the water and scrubbed off the blood and dirt that layered her skin, thinking about everything. She had to prevent this from happening, but the time line would be altered, which meant she could never return. She'd have to live out her life in the new timeline and this world would cease to be. The thoughts were running through her head, but she just felt numb inside. Once she was clean, she dressed in her uniform needing to use a couple of alterations spells to take it in. She'd lost a fair bit of weight over the year on the run. She needed to find Riddle and either change his plans, or kill him. She found her book bag and put a couple texts in, and tucked everything else into her beaded back and stuffed it into the leather bag. She looked in the mirror and shook her head. She looked like a school girl again. She put the time turner around her neck and went down to the Library, standing in the hall way as she started counting her turns. At the end she hesitated…had she done 53? Or 54? No, she'd done 53 like she'd been told. She did one half turn more. As she released it the world blurred around her, a parade of years, children changing but the rhythms unchanged. Time flowed around her, and then suddenly it stopped, the dark hallway lay quiet around her and the time turner began to smoke. She took it off and frowned as it disintegrated in her hands. "It's well after curfew." A voice came from behind her. Hermione turned, eyes widening at the tall, dark haired young wizard standing behind her. "What….what happened? Who are you?" She said, deciding it was best to claim this had been an accident. The boy walking towards her was undeniably handsome, but he moved with a sense of contained malice. His eyes narrowed. "I don't know you." He cast a silent lumos and it was clear he was evaluating her. "Identify yourself." A shining prefect's badge glittered on his chest. "Hermione Granger. I was heading to the library and something hit me from behind…" She looked around, as if trying to figure out what had happened. She was not prepared for the strange boy to hit her with a full body bind. She fell backwards, head smacking on the stone floor. "Let's figure out who you really are, shall we?" The dark haired boy smiled then, and levitated her up, moving through the hallways to an unused classroom. Hermione was panicking, she'd never seen a picture of Tom Riddle but there was something about this boy that made her blood run icy cold. She watched and realized he was warding the room, setting silencing spells. He knelt beside her and plucked her wand from her pocket and slipped it into his. She fought against the spell but it was too strong. His hand smoothed a stray bit of hair off her face. "Pretty thing aren't you, mudblood by the sound of your name." He sneered, and then pointed his wand at her and whispered. "Legillimens." Hermione felt him force his way into her mind. She'd never learned to occlude, there had always been other things to worry about. He ransacked her mind, delving deep into everything. He lingered here and there, seeming to savour certain memories. She fought him as best she could but every time she struggled trying to push him out he'd punish her, twisting something in her mind that sent pain searing through her. She could hide nothing. She'd tried to come back and stop him, only to fall right into his hands. She felt something hot and wet streaming down her face, distantly she realized her nose was bleeding. Then suddenly the presence in her mind was gone and he released her from the body bind. Hermione rolled over after just lying there dazed for a long time, getting to her knees and a handkerchief was thrust into her hands. She pressed it to her nose to staunch the bleeding, unable to account for the small courtesy. Her head hurt so much that she felt nauseas, the stone seeming to spin under her. "I'd accuse you of manufacturing those memories, but you've no talent for it." His voice came to her, cutting through the pounding in her head. "All my great works undone, by mere children." He said quietly, feet sounding on the stones as he walked, pacing angrily. Hermione finally managed to look up at him. "Not just undone, destroyed." She said, chin lifting a bit in defiance. If she was going to die here tonight, she wouldn't grovel. "From your memories it wasn't just me that was destroyed." He said and turned those black, pitiless eyes on her. "You're a clever thing, so I assume you can understand your situation. No one knows you're here, that you even exist. I could kill you right now and no one would ever be the wiser for it." He stroked his fingers along his wand, as if trying to decide just how to end her life. "If I let you live, you belong to me. You will do what I say, when I say and you will help me make sure that the future you've shown me tonight never comes to pass. It's your decision mudblood, and I don't particularly care which option you choose." Hermione removed the bloody handkerchief from her nose and considered. She didn't want to die, but serving him, doing his dirty work…she didn't know if she could. "I won't help you kill muggles and muggleborns." She said, tears stinging her eyes. She knew the second she began to bargain with him that he'd won. "Perhaps that doesn't need to be necessary, this time." He said. "Your choice, Miss Granger? I don't have all night." He stroked his wand while he looked down at her. "I'll agree to your terms." She whispered, tears falling down her cheeks. The weight of the last 24 hours hitting her like a brick wall. She just couldn't fight any more. "When we are alone, you will address me as 'My Lord.'" He said darkly. Hermione felt bile rising in her throat. "Yes…my Lord." She managed to choke out, shoulders slumping down. When he stepped forward and offered her a hand, she looked distrustful of it, but took it and stood shakily. "Thank you." She whispered. "Hold still." He said and cast a gentle cleaning spell to remove the blood from her face and clothing. "Now, I'll need to take you to the Headmaster. You will tell him there was an accident, you were walking to class and someone must have been practicing a dangerous charm. You were caught in the blast." He grabbed her robe and deftly tore the sleeve. "Your name is Hermione Granger, but you are a half-blood. Your mother was a witch, pick a name so long as it's a good family. You're starting your sixth year." He cast a fire spell, just enough to singe her robes and then extinguished it. "You are a Slytherin." His transfigured the crest on her robes with an easy wave of his hand. Hermione was feeling off balance but nodded. "Yes, my Lord." She whispered, knowing somehow that failing to use his title would be a very bad thing. She was unable to help the instinctive flinch as he touched her face. "That's a good little witch." He smiled charmingly. "Do what I tell you, and I'll make sure you're protected. After all, what you've shown me will prevent me from making foolish errors. Such a gift should be treasured." He continued to stroke her face, examining every inch of her. "If you breathe a word of any of this, to Dumbledore, or anyone else…it will take you a very long time to die. Tell me you understand." His thumb was stroking along her bottom lip. "I understand, my Lord." She met his eyes and felt another tear slide down her face. What had she done? He gently wiped it away. "Good. Now, let's go and see Headmaster Dippet." He slipped her wand back into her pocket, cancelled his wards and then wrapped an arm around her. "You'll be all right little witch." He said soothingly and led her back out into the hall and guided her through the darkened school. "What is this, young Tom?" A voice stopped them as they approached the Headmaster's office. A younger Horace Slughorn appeared, taking in the strange witch tucked under his Prefect's arm. "I found her collapsed outside the Library Sir. We need to take her directly to the Headmaster and summon Madame Tillsby, I think she may need healing." Tom said, sounding very concerned. "I'll take the young lady up to see that Headmaster, you fetch Madam Tillsby. There's a good lad. Come my dear, it's all right." Horace gently eased her out of Tom's arms and guided her up to the headmaster's office. "What's your name child?" "Hermione Granger, Sir." She said as she watched Tom run down the hall, ostensibly to get the school nurse. "We have a strange situation Armando. Can you tell me how you came to be here tonight?" He asked, getting her inside and nodding to the Headmaster. Who came out of the back room as he heard them enter. "Sweet mother of Merlin!" The old wizard came forward and helped guide the shaky young witch to a chair. He looked frail but there was a fierce intelligence in his brown eyes. "I was heading to the Library, to study and there was this explosion…the next thing I knew I