A/N: This is the much requested follow up to 'A Walk In The Woods'. This will be a Darker fic. Warnings for Main character deaths, dub-con, and torture. Read on at your own risk. Disclaimer: Pretty standard. The Harry Potter Universe is not mine. o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o. Thorfinn made a cup of tea for his 'guest'. Her vacant expression worried him, but he supposed it wasn't all that surprising. He added a little bit of sleeping potion to it knowing she'd need her rest, and he'd rather not worry about her wandering off in case the Dark Lord summoned him. Not that there was anywhere for her to go but it would be an inconvenience to have to hunt for her. He went back over and placed the mug in her hands. "Drink this, it will help." He said. "Why do you care?" She asked, shifting her gaze to meet his eyes. "I promised to take care of you, and I keep my promises little witch." He said. "Try not to worry too much, your friend seems good at getting out of tight spots." He said a little wryly. He knew it drove his Master over the deep end every time he managed to slip away. "Will you tell me if he's…" She whispered, feeling tears threaten again. "Are you sure you want to know?" He asked her, realizing with a start just how damned young she was. Logically he knew that she was only 17, but this was the first time she'd really looked that young. Earlier when she'd been standing over Umbridge there had been a hardness there, now she was soft and vulnerable. "I need to know." She said and then dropped her eyes, lifting the mug and drinking the hot liquid obediently. She could taste the undercurrent of some kind of potion, but knew there was little point in fighting it. He was a very big man, and could force the potion into her if he had a mind to. She just drank it down, hoping it was just something to knock her out. She didn't want to think about what she'd done. She'd sold out her best friend, their only hope to stop Voldemort, because he had threatened her parents. She was weak, pathetic. "All right, if you're sure." He said and sat down across from her. "Where are we exactly?" She asked, realizing she had no idea where they were exactly. "Scottish Hebrides." He said. "There's no one else on this particular island, so you'll find no locked doors here. I'm the only one that can apparate in or out, so you even if you got your wand, there's no way for you to get off this island. Given the current, I really don't recommend swimming for it either." He said, needing her to understand. "You also don't need to worry about anyone showing up unexpectedly. No one else even knows that this place exists, it's a safe house of sorts. " Hermione nodded, a feeling of hopelessness falling around her. She was trapped here, and she knew she was entirely at his mercy. "What will you do with me?" She asked, unable to even look at him. "I don't know yet, but I didn't lie to you. I won't hurt you girl, I don't take any pleasure in needless pain." He didn't make a move towards her. He could guess what she was afraid of, and given some of his fellows that fear wasn't terribly unfounded. He personally didn't engage in those activities though. "For now…just try not to make any trouble for me." "Easy enough to promise when you're drugging me." She said, feeling her eyelids getting heavy. "If our positions were reversed, you'd be doing the same. After all, little witch, I know how dangerous you really are." He saw her waver, eyelids fluttering closed as the potion kicked in. He grabbed the empty mug before she dropped it, and picked the slender girl up carrying her effortlessly up to the second level. He hadn't been intending on having company here, but this place had once been a bustling family home so there were plenty of spare rooms. It had belonged to his great grandparents, and had been a refuge for the Rowles in times of trouble. He laid her down on the bed a moment, and took a few minutes to give the room a cursory cleaning. He went back to his own room and found a clean t-shirt that would have to do for her to sleep in until he could get her clothes cleaned. Her jeans were covered in mud, and her soft grey sweater had obviously been a while without a proper cleaning. He undressed her, unashamedly admiring the view as he stripped off her undershirt, and unhooked her bra. He restricted himself to simply looking however, when he saw just how many bruises and healing wounds there were marring her skin. He sighed and simply pulled the shirt on over her head. He took off her muddy trainers and socks, seeing the blisters there and frowning. He undid her pants, and pulled them down her legs. A moment's debate left her panties in place, not wanting her to wake up panicking about that. There were more bruises there, clearly gained from running through the woods, with the majority marching up the fronts of her shins and knees. He simply tucked her under the blankets and gathered up her clothes, shutting the door behind him. She needed the sleep, or else such a small dose wouldn't have knocked her out so completely. He went downstairs to the little laundry room off the back of the kitchen, and tossed her clothes in an all-together too normal, muggle washing machine. He tapped the machine with his wand and let it start chugging away. That done his mind turned to the predicament he currently found himself in. He'd been 15 when the Dark Lord had marked him, in the summer before his fifth year. His father had offered him up like a sacrifice to his master, whispering how good it would be to have a spy inside the school. A few short months later he'd fallen. Like many marked in those times he'd simply learned to conceal that fact that he'd been a Death Eater, hoping against hope that he was really gone for good. Of course, none of them had been that lucky. He'd returned, and called his former followers to him. He and some of the others who had just been teens when he'd fallen had been spared the pain of punishment for not trying to find him, and avenge him. He'd kept his head down, done what he was told, and done what any good Slytherin would in his place. He'd begun to plan. There was a silent majority amongst the Death Eaters and their families. Witches and wizards that were currently toeing the line simply because there was no other choice. They were marked for death or Azkaban by the other side, and if they rebelled their deaths would come on very swift wings from their own Master. Thorfinn hated what their society had become, that their leaders were always apologizing for being what they were. There was NOTHING for them to be ashamed of for being pure-bloods. Their history and culture was a rare thing, unique. Muggleborns had their uses, after all every genepool needed an infusion of fresh blood from time to time, but they should not have to admit they were their equals, or elements forbid their superiors. Fools like Albus Dumbledore had driven the wedge wider with every attempt to be 'inclusive'. He was all for restoring tradition, but he'd never been too comfortable with the genocide their leaders had in mind. One look at the Black family would show anyone with half a wit the dangers of inbreeding, and stagnant bloodlines. The odd exceptional muggleborn witch or wizard had a place in their world. Killing them off was not the answer, and he wasn't the only one to see it. No one could openly speak against the Dark Lord, but he was clever and could see in the eyes of some just how easy it would be to lure them away if there was a palatable alternative. If Potter survived tonight, he'd see about plotting a path down that particular road. If he died, then he'd need to make other plans. He was pouring himself a shot of fire whiskey when his dark mark began to burn. Not just a general summons, this was specific. He mentally swore, and hid Granger's wand behind a loose stone in the hearth and then went outside, apparating to his Lord. He fell to his knee before the Dark Lord as soon as he popped through. "My Lord, you summoned me?" He said, eyes cast down. "Yes. Rise Thorfinn…my favoured one. Tonight you have pleased me beyond measure." He said. Thorfinn rose to his feet, standing taller than the Dark Lord, indeed taller than any of them. "I am glad my efforts please you, my Lord. The boy is dead then?" He asked. "Alas…no." The Dark Lord gestured to the prone body of Bellatrix Lestrange, where she lay twitching in the dirt. "Your intelligence was correct, but her incompetence allowed the boy to escape. You should punish her for it. If she had simply been a bit more careful we would have Potter, and the war would be over at last." Thorfinn drew his wand. "If it pleases my Lord, I will punish her until her brains run from her ears." He said, baring his teeth in a predatory grin. He'd never like the crazy bitch. "Do not render her mindless, she is still useful, for the moment." Voldemort said and waved a hand at the tall Death eater. "CRUCIO." He cast, watching dispassionately as the witch screamed and writhed under his wand. He pushed it as far as he dared. He cut the spell off and bowed to his master. "Get her out of my sight." Voldemort hissed at the watching Death Eaters. "Walk with me Thorfinn." He said and turned into the forest. "Bellatrix told me that Dolores was killed." "Yes, the Order's agent killed her before I could intercede." He said. "And this agent?" He asked. "Once I had the information you required, I dealt with them. I didn't believe there was any need to take them to Malfoy Manor for imprisonment." He said, careful not to lie, but to simply obfuscate the truth. "Severus always told me you were clever, and I never had any reason to believe him until now. So quiet, always watching, and now you nearly hand me Potter on a platter, save for another's incompetence." He said and placed a hand on Rowle's shoulder. "You will be my Lt. from here on out. Everyone answers to you. Find me the boy again, every day he escapes me it emboldens our enemies. Can you do this for me?" "I live to serve you, my Lord. I will find the boy, no matter what it takes." He swore. "To that end, I have something for you." He led him further into the woods where a figure lay frozen on the forest floor. It had a shock of red hair that matched the blood painting his face rather vividly. "Find out what he knows…then kill him. The body will make for quite the show piece." Thorfinn nodded. "Yes, my Lord." He bowed and moved forward, feeling his master leave them. He looked at the figure of the boy on the ground and mentally sighed. He'd been ordered to kill him, so there no other end he could allow. Not if he wanted to protect his little prize. He levitated the body up, checking his pulse and finding it quite strong. He heard footsteps behind him. Fenrir. "What will you do with the boy?" Fenrir growled. "What our Master has bid me do.