Author's Note: The following narrative is canon with the books up until the chapter "Flight of the Prince" in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince . However, that doesn't mean that there aren't new reasons for a character's past behavior. The main plot of this tale came from one of my readers, mama123 , who apparently has been mulling over the idea for quite a while. I've made a few changes to her preliminary outline of the story, to make all the events work right, and added a few plot flourishes myself. It's a great idea and I hope I can do her vision of the story justice. Thanks for reading. Double thanks for those who read and review! . Chapter 1: The Silver Stiletto June 30, 1997 Hermione felt like they were being way too obvious, she and Luna. Harry had told her to keep an eye on Snape and that's what she was trying to do. They had stalked him, as discreetly as possible, throughout the evening and had been parked outside his office for the last two hours. Taking up a position in a small alcove, on a bench, and within ten yards of the entrance to his office, they were pretending to study their respective copies of Advanced Potion-Making . It was to be their excuse, flimsy as it was, if they were caught outside their dormitories considerably past curfew. With Professor Snape as head of house, she didn't expect a single Slytherin out of bed and roaming the halls, so their chances of getting caught in the dungeons were slim to none. Unless Professor Snape himself found them out. Then there would be hell to pay. As she shifted, again, on the cold stone bench, she pondered Harry's insistence that she keep tabs on Snape's whereabouts. He had always been suspicious of Severus Snape, ever since their first potions class, despite being proved wrong time after time. And he had seemed so convinced, a few hours ago, that this time he was right. She rubbed her eyes and leaned back against the hard stone wall. Professor Snape. The man was an enigma. Obviously a genius, he probably knew more about potions and dark arts than any man alive. Hermione had never labored under the bias about Snape that Harry had. Although their professor could be nasty from time to time, her observations concluded that he rarely responded in such a way unless provoked, though she had to admit that many of those provocations were rather minor. And there was that incident with her teeth. Although her feelings had initially been crushed at his remark, it had all turned out for the better because she had finally gotten them fixed. Overall, she had a high opinion of the man and, if truth be told, a smidgen of a crush. Not anything like second year when Gilderoy Lockhart had been their D.A.D.A. teacher. She still blushed at the thought of how stupid that had been. No, this was more of a deep respect for the dedication to scholarly pursuits that Professor Snape exhibited. Whenever she thought about the type of man that she would want to marry, that quality was always at the top of her list and because Professor Snape was her prime example of such a characteristic, her imaginary husband tended to be tall and thin and wore billowing black robes. That's was all there was to it; not even a real crush. Well, that and the fact that he moved in such an elegant fashion. And that he had such graceful hands. And that voice . . . "That's a very nice jumper, you know," Luna whispered to her. "Is it Muggle made?" Hermione looked down at the dark red jumper she had hastily thrown on after classes had ended for the day. She usually only wore it in the Gryffindor common room, but she was glad she had it on now; it was cold down here. Last summer she had seen a bit of red peeking out of a basket of jumpers at a second hand shop near her home, and she had engaged another nearby shop to print a huge lion's head on the front. Some of the paint even looked like gold leaf. It was amazing what Muggle technology could do nowadays. She nodded. "Yes, I found a drawing I really liked and they were able to use a computer to scan it, enlarge it and print it on fabric," Hermione whispered back. Luna's luminous eyes gazed into her own, accepting the explanation without question. "I think Muggles have a kind of magic of their own," Luna said softly, in that eerily understanding way that she had. "They do. I sometimes think that's what Voldemort, despite all his pureblood rhetoric, is really afraid of - that one day Muggle magic will overcome ours." Luna nodded knowingly. Hermione thought they were at the point in their conversation where the Ravenclaw was going to go off the rails with her usual discourse on Wrackspurts or Nargles, but they were interrupted when Professor Flitwick burst into the corridor. "Death Eaters!" he gasped out as he approached. "Death Eaters in the castle! Death Eaters at Hogwarts!" Hermione wasn't sure he even noticed them as he ran past their alcove, flicked his wand at Snape's door and ran inside. Alarmed, the two girls stood and sidled toward the now open office. They could hear Professor Flitwick quite clearly. "Severus! Come quickly! Death Eaters have breached the castle's defenses and there is a battle at the base of the Astronomy Tower. Minerva sent me to . . . " There was a quick gasp and then a dull thud and suddenly Professor Snape strode into the corridor, black robes swirling about him. He turned quickly in the direction from which Professor Flitwick had come and nearly ran the two girls over. "Miss Lovegood, Miss . . . Granger, it is fortunate that you are here," he said smoothly, his eyes cold and piercing black as always, especially in the dim light cast by the corridor sconces. Professor Snape's face had always been a source of curiosity to Hermione. He was the most stoic man she had ever met, rarely showing any emotion at all. His black, black eyes were always flat and cold, unless someone messed up in Potions and the glare they could produce would wither a student on the spot. She sensed he had been able to smile at one time, but now, instead, he always seemed to quash that tendency which produced his trademark smirk. Another unusual thing about him - his voice grew quieter the angrier he became. With one exception, of course. At the end of her third year when he had caught them in the Shrieking Shack with Professor Lupin and what everyone at the time thought was the mass murderer Sirius Black. He had become unhinged with rage, behavior Hermione never would have expected from Professor Snape. Everyone has their limits, she supposed. But now something odd happened. His eyes flicked down to her jumper and when he looked back up, those eyes seemed to glow. He stared at her with the softest expression she had ever seen on his face. She shifted uncomfortably and that seemed to snap him out of his brief reverie. "Professor Flitwick has collapsed in my office. Quickly - attend to him. I will assist in securing the castle." Hermione watched Luna instantly run into the room to help her head of house and then she slowly turned back to the potions master. Feeling uneasy, she drew her wand, but now his eyes seemed sad. She saw his lips purse and the severe face she knew best snapped back in place. "Miss Granger, you will obey me or suffer the consequences." The abrupt change in his demeanor prompted a slight frown on Hermione's face, but then she nodded and turned to follow Luna. She had barely taken two steps in the direction of Professor Snape's office when something slammed into her back with tremendous force. Her wand went flying and she pitched forward. Her surroundings seemed to shift as she fell toward the very solid stone floor. She put her hands out to catch herself, trying to prevent a complete face plant as the floor rushed upward. But as she did so the flagstones changed to cobblestones, the walls of the castle corridor dissolved and the light from the sconces, dim as they were, snuffed out, plunging her into nearly complete darkness. She hit the ground hard taking the brunt of her fall on the heels of her palms and her, now, aching knees. Rolling onto her side as the pain shot up her arms and legs she wondered what the hell had happened. She could barely see her hand in front of her face but there was just enough light to discern that she wasn't in Hogwarts anymore. The cobblestones beneath her were damp and it smelled of rain. As she looked around, she realized it was sprinkling lightly, so she must be outside. A solid wall was next to her and she shakily put her hand on it to support an effort at standing up. Dusting off her knees - they were going to be quite sore until she could find some bruise paste - and rubbing her aching palms, she peered about. It looked like she was in some kind of alley and it was so narrow it would probably be as gloomy during the day as it was right now with rain and nightfall. The buildings, wedged tightly together as if huddling close for protection, were shabby and unkempt. Then she noticed a few windows were barely illuminated by candlelight, magically tinged vermillion. Although she had never been here before, she suddenly realized where she was. "Merlin help me!" she muttered, "It's the red light district of Knockturn Alley. How in hades did I end up here?" She immediately cast about for her wand, deciding it would not be a good idea to roam around the most dangerous part of wizarding London without protection. She tried several times to Summon it wandlessly, but nothing happened. Soon she was back on her hands and knees trying to feel about for that very important stick of wood. She heard hinges creak and a dim pool of light stretched toward her. "And what have we here?" a gruff voice said from the doorway closest to where she was kneeling. Too late! She got to her feet as fast as she could, but not quite fast enough. The owner of the gruff voice, and apparently a couple of his pals, took the several steps across the alley and had her surrounded in an instant, wands drawn. "Well, aren't you a lovely one?" Gruff Voice sneered. She could smell the alcohol on the man's breath, no surprise there, but that wasn't as nauseating as the stink of the fellow himself. She drew her head back attempting to avoid the reek that wafted off him and bumped it on the wall behind her. "What? Not good enough for you, witch?" The disgusting man demanded. "You just have to get to know me better, you do," his snicker was joined in chorus by his companions. He reached out, grabbed the front of her jeans and pulled her close. She tried a right hook to his jaw, but he slapped her wrist away, deftly deflecting the blow. He slung one arm around her shoulders, pinning her arms to her side. "Let go of me, you letch," she growled at him and tried to maneuver into a position to kick or knee him. He grabbed her jaw and forced his mouth on hers. "I don't think so," a familiar velvety voice said. She felt her assailant stiffen and start to fall over, taking her with him. But then a firm hand took hold of her arm and the unconscious man