If Edward had stayed away The smell of the lavender flowers were carried by the wind across the long fields. Bella lay down amongst the long strands of grass and daisies, staring into Jacobs eyes. Jacob looked back with his dark brown eyes and they both smiled at each other. It had been two long years since Edward had left Bella in the forest alone, but the Cullens had returned home without him and were staying under the radar. Bella had been happier with Jacob and she knew that he wouldn't let her down like Edward had done the years before. As she stared into Jacobs eyes she forgot about the two worlds that she was pinned between. She was torn between the two mystic worlds that both Edward and Jacob belonged in. She had only found out the previous year that Jacob was part of the vampire world because he was a werewolf and this changed the way that Bella had looked at Jacob while she was still with Edward. "Bella, are you alright hun?" Jacob asked her and she suddenly awoke from her daydream, "yeah, I'm fine," she said "we better get going back to Charlie's house". As they raced through the forest together Jacob suddenly stopper dead in his tracks and pulled Bella back beside him. He put a subtle finger to his lips and tightened his grip around her waist. "Jacob, what's wrong" she whispered, "shhh..." he said. Bella turned her head and saw a dark figure flash between the tall trees. Bella tried to move out on Jacobs arms but he held on to her. She turned toward him and put her arms around him. But then Bella saw a face that she could identify the moment she saw it. Jacob shielded her behind him and told her not to try moving again. The familiar face stood in front of Jacob with a strange look on his face, Jacob and Edward stared each other dead in the eyes. Bella peered over Jacobs tall shoulder and saw Edwards face sparkle in the sunlight, she had missed him once but not now. She moved in front of Jacob going between the two of them. Jacob watched her with his dark brown eyes, he moved to the side of her a little and then stood in silence. "Edward, why are you here?" Bella said in a strong voice, " I came back for you, I know I have made mistakes but..." Bella interrupted him " I'm happier without you now, just forget about me and go." She stared Edward in the eyes and somehow he knew that he had returned at the wrong time. "I want you to know that I am sorry Bella, and.." "I said leave Edward, so go" Bella said in a stubborn voice. Edward was gone in a flash and Jacob turned to look at Bella again. He picked her up and threw her over his shoulder, " lets go Bella" he said and they both giggled. Jacob walked out onto the drive-way, he walked through the stone chips crushing them down with his boots. Bella followed him into the house and sat down in the front room. Jacob sat down but suddenly got to his feet again, " stay here" he said to Bella but she followed him up the stairs to her room. Jacob opened the door to Bella's room and he walked in slowly. The door creaked open, Jacob stepped further into the room to see Edward standing in the corner of her dark room. Edward was leaning against the wall, when Jacob slammed the door closed and Edward turned his head and moved. "What do you think you're doing here?" Jacob asked "just passing through" Edward said "I'm not your girlfriend anymore Edward, you don't have the right to come in here..." Edward picked up a picture of Jacob and Bella off of her bedside table. "So do you feel like that...Dog can make you happy like I did Bella" He said in sarcastic tone of voice, "you chose to leave me behind Edward, and Jacob makes me happier then you ever could..." said Bella. "I'm sure your new boyfriend will make you smile Bella, but I'm sure that I could have made you happy." Edward said looking at the floor. "Get out!" said Jacob as he moved towards Edward, but Bella put her arm out and Jacob pulled her into his side. Edward shook his head at Jacob and Bella, but Bella put her arm around Jacob reassuringly. Edward looked at them both and Jacob turned to give a hug but she kissed him. Edward ran over and pushed Jacob but Bella turned to Edward, " I love him, not you, so go. Now!" she said with a bit of warning in her voice. Edward left and Jacob looked into her eyes again, "what was that?" he said, "didn't you hear me, I love you, not him." Jacob smiled sincerely and they both walked back down the stairs. Charlie unlocked the door and walked in to the front room. "Jacob your dad's outside waiting for you" he said "I better get going then, see you later Bella" he gave Bella a small kiss on to forehead "Charlie..." he said and nodded his head as he walked out of the door. "I saw Edward in the car with his dad today" Charlie said "yeah, so" Bella said with an absent tone of voice. "Well, I, err, thought that you might want to talk to him, see how he's doing?" Charlie said sounding a little weary, " I've already spoken to him," she said "and, how was he" Charlie asked her "rude" Bella said, " he didn't like the fact that Jacob makes me happier than he could have, or at least that's what he said to me". Charlie walked round from the back of the sofa and sat down next to her. But all of a sudden Bella burst out into tears and leaned onto Charlie's shoulder. He patted her back softly "what's up?" he said in a subtle voice, "seeing him again, he looked terrible, we were upstairs and..." she sobbed " why was he in the house Bella?" Charlie asked slowly. Bella whipped up her tears from her cheeks and looked up at Charlie, "Jacob invited him in, to ,err talk to me but.." she said but Charlie interrupted "but what Bella, what happened" he asked her, "but when he saw that me and Jacob together, he , he flipped, I don't know what happened" she said and took a very big breath in "and then I kissed Jacob, and he just blew ,he pushed Jacob out of the way and Jacob went for him .But I stopped anything from happening and Jacob told him to leave after that" Bella said still quite shaken up. " I'm sure he'll come around, he came back obviously expecting you to still want him, but that's life I guess" Charlie said picking up his cell and dialling a Chinese for them both. They had one day left of the Summer holidays and Jacob and Bella were planning to go on a hike up the mountain together. Bella picked Jacob up and they stopped at the beach for a walk on the sand. Jacob raced her down but Bella just walked as she knew that a werewolf would be faster than her. When she finally reached the beach and sat down on the cold sand Jacob walked over to her and asked her "are you ok babe? " "yeah" said Bella. They sat in silence watching the tide run in and out of the sand, "do you remember that day when you told me that you were a werewolf?" Bella said in an inviting voice "huh, oh yeah I'm happy you got the hint though, after a while" Jacob made a small chuckle and looked at Bella. He moved a bit of her hair off of her face and tucked it behind her ear, "I think I love you" Jacob said "and I want you to know something, but I don't want to tell you if I'm not sure" he said in a quiet voice, "what is it Jacob?" Bella said softly "you know you can tell me anything, right?" she said to him. Jacob re positioned himself on the sand to face Bella, "I think...I've imprinted on you Bella" he said and it took Bella a few minuets to sink in but the message got through. "Oh Jacob, I love you more than anyone else, I don't know what to say..." she said "you don't have to say anything, I know" Jacob said in a strong but quiet tone. "come here Jacob..." Bella said in an intimate voice, Jacob jumped on top of her and held the back of her neck gently, and then Bella leaned forward and closed her eyes and so did Jacob. Jacob kissed her on the neck and then kissed her on the lips, Bella moved in closer to his chest and then they both fell back down onto the cold, soft sand beneath Bella. They rolled over and Bella was on top of Jacob but still frantically kissing him. She moved her hands down to the bottom of his t-shirt and slowly started pulling it up. "What are we doing, this is crazy" said Jacob but Bella put a finger to his lips and he grinned at her she then pulled his t-shirt off and threw it to the side. Just then Jacob flipped her back on to the sand and started to undo the buttons on the baby pink shirt. He undone all of the buttons and Bella took her arms out of the shirt. She pulled the shirt out from underneath her and threw it to the side of her. Jacob looked down between her legs and unzipped her jeans. Bella looked at him and fluttered her eyelashes at him. Jacob smirked and then she pulled him down onto her body. She kissed him and he kissed her back, but when she opened her eyes she looked onto the shore and saw Edward standing over half in the water dripping wet. Jacob kissed her chest and then he kissed her neck softly. He looked up and then she lost interest in Edward and looked into Jacobs dark brown eyes," do you want to do it honey?" Bella asked in an impressive tone, " I don't know if we can" he said " I don't like him watching" Jacob said, " you knew?" Bella asked "yeah, he doesn't like it, so lets do it" Bella smirked and looked over to see if Edward was still looking but he had gotten closer. Bella snogged Jacob and she held him tightly against her skin. But just as Jacob started to pull her jeans down Sam and some of the pack caught them and Jacob lifted his jacket and wrapped it around Bella's shoulders. He lifted her up and cradled her in his arms "lets go find somewhere a little more private, huh?". Bella kissed him and she saw Sam and blushed. "ooh Jacob, we don't want and puppies now." Bella giggled "shut up Quill" Jacob said to Quill and gave the boys a grin, while showing Bella off to them. They drove back to Charlie's house and Jacob carried Bella upstairs, he lay her down on her bed and kicked the door shut. He then took his jacket off of her and pulled her jeans off. Jacob undone his button on his jeans and leaned over on top of Bella, They kissed softly but then Jacob moved straight over Bella and lifted her hair off of her chest. Jacob ran his hands down her body and slowly back up again, he stopped when he reached her waist and then he moved his arms round to her back. Bella wrapped her legs around him and pulled him down