ONE The alarm clock was going crazy on her bedside table and finally, Anna's arm shot out, knocked the offending noisemaker down onto the floor and was about to shove her head back underneath her pillow, but instead, she found her feet being pulled. She shrieked and jumped up then, Charlie doubled over laughing at his youngest daughter as he asked in amusement, "Maybe if you hadn't taken advantage of the extra hour on your curfew?" "Haha." "It's your first day of school, Anna." "Ughh. Don't remind me, Daddy. I'm assuming Bella's gotten up, gotten dressed and already left?" "Actually, she's sitting downstairs. We eat breakfast first in this house." Charlie said as he smiled at his youngest. She'd just moved in with him earlier in the week. Now he had both of his girls under the same roof. The self proclaimed bachelor was now a single father slash bachelor. And the house wasn't as quiet as it had been when he and Bella were the only two living in it. For the past few days, he'd been coming home to food waiting, actual noises in the house, not the stony silence that he and his oldest daughter shared in common. " Bella didn't cook it, right?" "No, actually, smarty pants, I made pancakes.. Those ones you liked when you were little?" Charlie said with a shrug as Anna nodded and sniffed the air, smelling the scent of chocolate chip pancakes and bacon. "Okay, alright, I'm up, sir." "Don't go back to sleep. Next time I'm coming up with a bucket of cold water." "Eek.. Yeah, not going back to sleep." Anna promised as she grabbed her clothes for the day, stepped into the bathroom and quickly got dressed in her favorite sundress and pull on boots. After doing a minimal job on her makeup (mostly for her father's sake because he tended to whine when she actually went all out, he kept saying he wanted to keep her the baby for a little longer) she grabbed her bookbag and ran down the stairs, sliding into the chair across the table from her older sister. "So Bella.. Since you're going to La Push after school, to visit Jacob," Charlie started, putting down the sports section to look up at his oldest, "What about taking Anna with you?" Bella started to protest because really, the absolute last thing she wanted was Anna underfoot all afternoon, Anna being loud and giggly, Anna making friends with the pack, who she considered to be her friends and as such, she should not have to share them.. But she realized that she was still on this whole honor system thing with her father, that her stunts concerning Edward were still a major concern and she wanted her freedom back more than anything. She gave Anna a dirty look while Anna was too busy eating to notice or care and then said through gritted teeth, "Fine, Charlie.. But I'm telling you, she'll hate it there." " Why would I hate it there, Bella? I used to be friends with Jacob, Seth and Quil." Anna asked, eying her sister. She wasn't an idiot, of course, she knew exactly what Bella was implying.. Bella, as usual, was being selfish. And she was implying that Anna wasn't welcome, at least not by her. "She did.. Why wouldn't she like it there, Bella?" Charlie asked his oldest as he eyed her expectantly. He had a feeling that this was Bella trying to leave Anna out like she used to try and do when Anna was smaller and one of his friends bought their kids over to play both before the divorce and after, when they'd come to visit him on holidays and over the summer. It might have flown with Renee, but it wasn't going to fly here. "Because mostly we just work on Jake's Rabbit or go cliff diving. Anna hates being dirty and she doesn't like heights so I just thought..." Bella trailed off, quickly shaking her head, managing her most convincing smile as she told Charlie, "It's nothing. Yeah, she can come with me." Again, she was only doing this because it was a necessary evil. It was one sure way to get her freedom to come and go and see Edward as much as she wanted back. If it took putting up with a little sister she was jealous of and couldn't stand being around for more than two minutes, she'd do it and suffer. Anything for Edward. They finished eating, grabbed their book bags from the hallway table and after Anna hugged her father, she caught up to Bella who was grumbling as she got into the truck. "I get what this is, Bella.. You're afraid I'm going to steal back up boy, right? Jacob? How is he lately? I mean he was always real sweet to me.." "No, actually, I'm not. I'm secure enough to know that he's not going anywhere, he has been and will continue to be my best friend." Bella remarked, giving her sister a dirty look as she put the truck into drive. "Actually, Bella, if I wanted him, contrary to what you think, I'd go for him. But don't worry.. I've got absolutely no interest in Jacob.. He's more like an older brother or something, he always has been, it'd be a little weird?" Anna mused as she thought to herself 'Well look who's a big fat liar, huh? You know you never got over Jacob Black or that crush you had on him when you were little' and she trailed her hand slowly through her curly hair, fixed her eyes on her sister with a challenging gaze in them and said in a calm and sweet tone, "What's wrong, Bells? Didn't think I didn't see right through that little act? You only said you'd take me to get Dad off your ass.. Now my question to you is why?" "Because maybe if I do whatever he asks for a while, he'll let me see Edward whenever I want, I won't be grounded or anything anymore." Bella admitted and Anna gaped at her sister before reaching across the truck after they'd come to a stop in the school parking lot and smacking Bella in the forehead, making Bella swear and ask her "What the hell was that for?" "Because you're an idiot." "Why?" "The guy abandoned you, Bella.. And he almost got you killed a year ago in Phoenix.. And correct me if I'm wrong here, you just recently had to go all the way to Italy to get him out of something. If it were me.. I think I'd have taken the above as a clear indicator that I made shitty life choices and had epically shitty taste in the male species. Yet here you are, letting the son of a... Are you even thinking, really?" "Tell me how you really feel about him, Anna.. And you've only met him the one time." "The one time was all I needed, Bella, you idiot, to clearly see that there was something not right with him. Besides, that one time.. I wind up smack in the middle of whatever bizarre thing you and Edward had going on with that James guy because oh wait, James tried to freaking kidnap me! Wow, I mean I've always sort of thought you were selfish and you didn't care about anyone but you but that.. That took the cake. And now here you are, back with the guy, ready to just dive headfirst into whatever shit storm he gets you into this time. So yes, Bella, you needed that slap. What you really need, Bella, is a punch. Maybe if someone hit you in that melon shaped holder of empty air you call a head.." Anna ranted, going silent as she turned to look out the window, annoyed that her sister was apparently back with the prick that had done all this to her. "You say that, even after he sort of saved your life from James when James tried to take you to get to me?" Bella asked, brow raised, shocked at her sister's sudden surge of feistiness. Anna was normally a more quiet and sweeter girl than this. She didn't dress the way she was right now, nor did she wear makeup.. And she mostly blended into the background. But Bella had noticed over the past week she'd been living with their father in Forks again that Anna definitely was not that shy and sweet, unassuming little girl anymore. She'd sort of grown into herself, she was bolder, more outspoken, more outgoing now. What the hell had gotten into her while she'd been living in Florida with their mother and Phil? " Yeah, well, I could've saved myself or Dad would have saved me eventually. And it's Edward's fault all that happened to begin with, like I said before." Anna muttered as she slid out of the passenger seat and got out of her sister's truck, disappearing into the heavy crowd heading into the building. "They grow up fast, huh?" Edward mused as he slipped his arm around Bella and said quietly, "Everything will be fine, Bella. She's just protecting you in her own way." "You saw this in her thoughts? Because honestly, Edward, I'm starting to think my little sister hates me." "She doesn't. She just doesn't think highly of me. And if I saw things the way she does, I'd dislike me too if I were in her shoes." Edward explained as they made their way into the building. "I just remember when she was like my shadow. She used to want to do everything with me and it used to annoy me. Now she's totally different." Bella muttered as she shook her head and managed a tight smile as she and Edward made their way down the hallway and to their homeroom class. Anna had just finished putting all her books into her locker except for the few she'd need and when she turned around, she found herself chest to chest with a guy she recognized as being in her sister's grade. "Hi." "Hey." "So you're new here?" "Yeah, it looks that way." "I'm Mike Newton." "I'm Anna Swan." Anna said as she eyed the blond male with a raised brow. As soon as she said her last name, the look on his face pretty much told the tale. He knew her sister. He was probably one of the guys she lead around by the nose at some point or another. And apparently, he now thought that little sister was an express lane path to big sisters heart. If he only knew , Anna thought to herself as she looked up at him, gave a slight smirk, he'd turn and walk away now.. Because I want little or nothing to do with Bella. And I'm not going to subject an innocent person to her crap. It's bad enough I have to be in the middle of it, to think this guy wants to get with her.. It says all sorts of things about his IQ and his level of desperation.' " If you want, Anna, I can show you where your class is?" Mike asked, looking at the girl, a smile on his face. Bella never really mentioned her younger sister moving to Forks too. It sort of made him curious, because Anna was pretty. Not prettier than Bella, of course, but she was definitely a cute girl, Mike could admit that. "I guess?" Anna muttered, looking up at him, raking her hand through her hair as she wondered why he was even still bothering really. She walked beside him, quietly. "So, how do you like Forks so far? And why would you leave a state that calls itself the Sunshine state to move to one where it rains over half the time?" Mike asked in curiousity as he looked down at her, smirked a little. "Maybe, Mike, I'm