Author's note : Hello! So this is a Wolfstar get-together fic, if you didn't catch that from the description, and I siriusly hope that you enjoy! I really like get-together fics, and writing them, and so I hope you do as well! This is fluffy, a small sex-scene in the end, but does not contain a very detailed description. It's rated M for that, I hope it's alright. I think it's better to rate it too high than too low, right? NO VIOLENCE OR LANGUAGE Disclaimer: I do not own any characters, or anything else! "Hey, Sirius!" a Ravenclaw girl yelled. "Um, yeah?" Sirius answered and looked around, not able to find her in the crowd outside the Great Hall. "We're having a party on Friday, you wanna come?" she asked, playing with her long, blonde hair and blinking with long eyelashes. Her hair was pulled back in a pony-tail and she was wearing the usual school robes, but with her four first shirt buttons open and a huge clevage between her also huge (probably D-cup) boobs. "Yeah, I'll think about it. Are you going to be there?" he asked, winking. She stopped breathing, eyeing him hungrily. "Yes I will." Then she, after one last glance at him, left. Sirius looked after her, checking her arse out. Remus gave him a stern look. "Are you going?" "Yeah, I think so." He shrugged. "Then I'll have to come too..." Remus sighed. " Someone has to keep an eye on you." Sirius glared back at him. "I'm no child, Moony! I am actually fully capable of taking care of myself, you know!" Remus stared at him in played shock. "Really? I thought that day would never come! Thank Merlin !" Sirius glared at him, but he was trying to hide a growing smile. Remus laughed out loud and soon Sirius did too, hugging his friend. At dinner the same day Sirius asked James and Peter to come too. "Nae, I don't know... Maybe, I don't think Lily will be there," James said, clearly thinking. "No she won't, but we will! Come on, Prongs!" Sirius said and poked James in the stomach. "Hmph." Sirius sighed and turned his gaze to Peter, who had avoided the question until now. "Yeah, I was asked to go three weeks ago," he said. "What?!" Everyone stared at him. "Who the bloody hell asked you to come? And why Merlin didn't you ask us to come too?" James confronted him. "Um, you know that Ravenclaw girl I like? She asked me," he explained. "And she told me not to ask you, um, I don't really think she likes you.." James snorted loudly with a disgusted face. "How can she not like us?" Remus hid a smile behind his hand at that. They were the Marauders, the worst (and the best) pranksters the school ever had the (mis)fortune of teaching. Of course most of the pupuls didn't like them! But as usual, Remus said nothing. At Friday, before breakfast Sirius placed his arm around Remus's waist. "So... What're you wearing tonight?" he asked. "What are you talking about? Tonight, what?" Remus asked, confused. Sirius gave him an odd look. "Yeah, tonight! The party, Moony! The Ravenclaw asked us this monday? Don't you remember?" "Oh, yeah... That party..." Remus sighed at the thought. He wasn't really too excited about it. It was always Sirius and James who had fun at parties, and maybe Peter with some girl, but Remus never really enjoyed parties. "Well, I guess I'll wear jeans and my favourite sweater..." Sirius snorted a laugh. "Your favourite sweater? Well, that's...nice.." Remus glared at him. "Well, what'll you wear, then?" Now Sirius smiled, no, grinned, widely. "I will wear my... No. No, you'll see. It's a surprise!" Sirius said and grinned mischievously. Remus rolled his eyes at him, but didn't complain. After supper the Marauders went up to the Gryffindor tower, and their dormitory. Sirius wanted to fix himself, and Remus thought that he maybe had some better clothes to wear. But on the way, Lily stopped Remus. He gestured to the others to go on, so that Lily and him could talk alone. "What's up, Lils?" Remus asked with a worried look. "Nothing's wrong, Rem, don't worry!" she smiled. "But is...is James coming to the party?" Remus eyes went wide. Was she joking? James? James Potter ? "Lily? Are you sure you're alright?" he asked with furrowed brows. "Yes, Rem!" she said and glared at him. "Just answer!" "Alright, then. No, he's not coming." Remus told her, still a worried look printed upon his face. "Can you make him come? I don't want to go if he's not there," she begged. "But don't tell him that! That I want him to come, I mean." Remus shrugged. "Alright then." Then they left for the Gryffindor tower together. Lily went left for the girls' dormitory, and Remus right for the boys' dormitory. He opened the door, and the first thing he saw, was a great piece of arse in oh-so-tight leather pants. He gupled and tried to look away, but he was single, and you don't look away from these things. So he simply stood there and stared at his best friend's great arse. Until, a certain Sirius Black, turned around, grinning, with a naked chest and upper torso. "Hullo, Moony," he said and smiled wickedly at his friend's face. Remus gulped again. "Hell...hello..Siri...us." "You like my pants?" he said and posed in front of his awkwardly staring friend. But Remus pulled himself together and looked away, before his pants got too tight. "Shouldn't you have a shirt on? Or something?" he asked, still keeping his eyes off Sirius. "Yeah, I will," he answered, still grinning. "Remus, look at me!" Remus sighed and turned around. "Yes?" "Was just checking you're alright... You look...sweaty?" Sirius said in concern. "No, I'm alright, Pads. I just need to go to the toilet.." he said and slank in and closed the door behind him. Sirius stood outside the door for a few minutes, just staring after his oddly behaving friend. Then he took his white shirt and black leather jacket on, pulled his hair up in a bun and looked himself in the mirror. He was pleased with what he saw. Some minutes later Remus returned from the bathroom and began changing his clothes. When he was ready to leave, James showed up in the door, and he suddenly remembered what Lily had said. "Prongs! You've got to come to the party!" Remus said and pulled James' robes. "Change now, and come with us!" James met Sirius' eyes behind Remus back, both were shrugging. "Moony, why? How come you want me there so badly all of a sudden?" he asked, raising an eyebrow. "Oh." Remus said, he didn't usually drag James by his clothes. "Um... Lily is coming, and I thought..you didn't want to miss her?" He made it sound like a question, but James lighted up. "Is Evans coming?!" he practically squealed, his face all bright and happy. "Yeah, she told me before." With that the three of them left for Ravenclaw tower, Peter was already there, with that girl. When they arrived the party had already begun. It was crowded, mostly by Ravenclaws, of course. "Hey, shall I get you some drinks?" Sirius asked. Both Remus and James nodded, while searching for Lily. She had seen Remus coming and made her way to him. James misunderstood this of course, and thought she was coming towards him... "Evans!" he said and almost hugged her before she hugged Remus instead. James glared jealously at him, and Remus mockingly raised an eyebrow. "Remus! You came!" Lily said and kissed his cheek. "Hullo, Lils." he answered and hugged her back. Then Lily turned to James. She looked blankly at him. "Hello, James." she said and shook his hand. "He...hell...he..hello.." he stuttered, amused. Then she took Remus by the arm and walked away, talking. Sirius went to the drinks, he took two glasses and poured up some fire-whiskey in both. Then he took a whole bottle for himself and drank deeply. He went to the place where both Remus and James had stood before, but now Remus was nowhere to be seen. "Where's Moony?" Sirius asked and gave James his glass while emtying the other himself. "He went away with Lily..." James muttered. Sirius looked out over the crowd. He saw redheads, blondes, brunettes and blackhaired people. Some of them was wearing colourful clothes and stuck out of the rest, while others wore black, or dark, clothes. But he couldn't see Remus. Sirius shrugged and turned back to James. "So... What're we going to do now?" A while later, two hours or so, Remus stood talking to some girl in his Ancient Runes class. They had a horrible homework, a three-foot long essay on their favourite runes. Remus was stressed out about it, the other girl too. At the same time, Sirius had been standing at the drinks table when someone knocked on his shoulder. "Yeah?" he said and turned around, just to face the D-cup girl who invited him to the party. "Oh. Hello." "Hi!" she said entusiasticaly. "You don't sound too happy? Are you bored, babe?" Sirius wrinkled his nose at her, but she was too drunk to notice. She took him by the arm and dragged him out on the dance floor. "We're gonna dance now, babe," she whispered huskily in his ear. Sirius looked around after Remus or someone to save him from this horrible witch. He didn't find anyone. He was drunk, but not too drunk to be uncomfortable. They danced one, two and three songs. She was whispering in his ear all the time. He just wanted to escape from her clutching hands and far too long nails. And on top of it all, he started to get sick by all this circling around, he felt like vomiting all over her. But he pushed away the thought, it was NOT appropriate. Then he saw Remus and Lily, they were standing just outside the dance floor. He feebly tried to contact the boy, and at the end of the song, he succeeded. He made a disgusted face and gestured to the girl he was dancing with. Remus raised and eyebrow at him. Then he made a face as to say; 'I'll rescue you'. Sirius heard the music change, this was a slow dance and the girl changed her grip on him. Now they faced each other and she leaned in to kiss him. Their lips met and she closed her eyes. She continued to kiss him even if he didn't kiss her back. Her lips was oh-so-soft, but he tried not to think about it. Remus saw this. He felt himself boil with anger and he only came up with one idea. A not very good one, but it would work. Remus furrowed his brows in anger and stepped out on the dance floor. Lily looked oddly after him, but did nothing to stop her friend. Remus went straight up to the girl and Sirius, they were still kissing - no, the girl was still kissing Sirius, and he took her shoulder and dragged her away from him. "Not my boyfriend you bitch!" he screamed at her. "Didn't you hear him tell you to back off?! .BE!" She looked very frightened when Remus went up to Sirius. "Are you okay, babe?" he said, and when Sirius nodded he kissed him. He told himself that it was just to make everything look more realistic, but he didn't really trust himself. At first Sirius tensed in his arms, but then he put his arms behind Remus's neck and returned the kiss. Remus' eyes widened, but then he saw Sirius' closed and relaxed eyes - so he closed his eyes and moaned with pleasure. Now it was Sirius' turn to look at Remus wide-eyed. Did Remus just moan? Because of him? He felt himself blush