The Life Story of Renesmee Cullen Author's Note: This is the same as Breaking Dawn, but takes place in the same reality as my fan-fic, Twilight Saga: Meteor Shower. But since it's by Reneesme's point of view, let's just say that Jacob is her 'Singer' and she imprinted on him as some hybrid, werewolf side effect. Enjoy. Chapter 1: Birth, and The First Three Hours Reneesme's point of view: I was aware. Aware of sounds. Voices. But I couldn't make them out. I was warm, in some kind of liquid. I was curled up in a fetal position. I knew there had been time before this, but this was the first moment I was aware of, as though my mind was developing to the point of, to the point where I could be aware at all, every memory from the point of awareness onward I remembered flawlessly, very clearly. It was dark, pitch black. It was a very enclosed space, I could hardly move. I tried pushing out and stretching, and each time I heard noises of pain as though someone nearby was groaning in discomfort. I wanted to do something to help, but what could I do. I then fell into unconsciousness. When I awoke, I could hear voices beyond the black wall around me. The voices were muffled but I could make them out, parts of them at least, it was some kind of conversation, I don't know what they were talking about, but there was one voice in particular that was the closest, almost internal, it was a soft sweet voice, I liked to just listen to it, then there was another voice, I think it was a male voice. This voice was also soft and sweet. There was some kind of commotion, and then the sweet feminine voice was suddenly very loud for a moment, it took me by surprise and I kicked out. They kept talking and a word came to my mind 'mother' that's the word that I was associating the voice with. I was content. I didn't need anything else in the world. More talking. The one who makes the sweet voice, I wanted the best for her, I loved her. 'I love her', the words were. So much natural knowledge in my brain; language, mathematical abstraction, even scientific concepts, but a part of all that was telling me that was not natural. There was more commotion outside. And then quiet. The conversation started up again. I kicked out and a loud groaning sound from mother, and then it hit me, my movements hurt mother! So I tried to hold still and not to kick out. Then there was a very heated commotion outside. Someone was angry...at mother...about something. Then I slipped into unconsciousness. When I came to, I could hear mother talking to me sweetly. Then there was a shift hard to the side. And I yanked at the hard organ that was in here with me, and it severed from the wall. I then felt that something was wrong. There was a pressure building up in my lungs, my body was being Oxygen deprived. I had to get out of here. I thrashed with all my might, this way and that. The pressure in my lungs built up more. I need air. Let me out! I thrashed hard to one side and 'CRACK!' Mother's spine broke. I need to get out. I need to get out! A few moments passed, and then I heard a screeching sound of metal, then another metal sound, and another. I NEED AIR! And just when I thought my lungs were going to suffocate, there was one last ripping metal sound, and then the wall was pulled open by a pair of pale white hands and I was lifted from the amniotic sack, and I gulped in a fresh breath of life giving air. LIGHT! Blinding! But my eyes got used to it quickly. A man's face, black eyes and reddish brown hair. He was...pretty. He smiled at me. Edward: "Renesmee." What? Renesmee? What is that? Comprehension; me, that is my name. The genetic memories in my DNA brought to mind another word. Daddy. He was the male voice I heard that I liked to listen to. He cut the umbilical cord with his teeth. Then another voice spoke in a quiet, weak voice. Bella: "Let me. Give her to me." It was the beautiful female voice I like to listen to. The person I love. The one my mind calls mother. I turned in her direction and I saw her. She was very pale, covered in sweat, her hair was all messy, and she was almost completely emaciated. There was another man standing over her, but I didn't get a good look at him, and he didn't look at me. Daddy brought me to her, and she wrapped her weak arms around me. I smiled at her. Bella: "Renesmee, so beautiful." She loves me to. I'm so happy. Then, some instinct took over, and fire burned through my throat. 'Bite. Drink.' I bit into her skin briefly, then daddy pulled me away and gave me a reprimand. Edward: "No, Reneesme!" I then realized, I had hurt momma. I'm sorry. Then I could hear it, momma's heart stopped beating. Daddy quickly wrapped me in a blanket. Edward: "Take the baby!" Jacob: "Throw it out a window!" Daddy looked flustered for a split second. Rosalie: "Edward. Give her to me. It's ok. Edward, I'm fine." Daddy handed me off and I was carried out of the room. I looked in the woman's eyes. She was beautiful. Long, flowing, gold hair. And black eyes. She smiled at me. Her body was cold and hard like daddy's. Rosalie: "Hello," she said in a cooing voice. "I'm your aunt Rosalie." Rosalie? Beautiful name. I like it. Rosalie: "Let's get you cleaned up, and then fed." She took me into a bathroom where she set me in the sink and sprayed me with a little hose from the faucet until I was all clean. Then she rubbed some soapy lather on me, rinsed me, and wrapped me in a clean soft blanket. All of it took less then a minute. Rosalie: "You are so beautiful. I'm going to take really good care of you." She spoke in a sweet cooing voice. Rosalie: "I love you." Ok, I love her, I thought to myself. She was so sweet to me. I smiled at her. Aunt Rosalie then took me into the living room where she pulled out a metal bottle with a small sucking spout. She put the spout to my mouth and tipped it up just a little. I tasted the liquid inside the bottle, it was delicious. Very, very delicious; the taste was perfect, 1000 times better than perfect. I drink ravenously. Rosalie: "Good girl." She held me close, smiling at me, one arm behind my back as I laid back on her arm, her other hand supported my head after she set down the bottle, though supporting my head was unnecessary as the muscles in my neck were very strong, she must have been acting on some kind of set baby routine. She then held me up and pressed my chest to her shoulder so that I was looking over her shoulder. Wow! Who is this? He his handsome. I was looking into the eyes a man who was standing behind Aunt Rosalie. He looks to different from momma, daddy, and Aunt Rosalie. His skin was darker, more exotic. And I could feel the heat radiating off of his body. Wait...he was the man upstairs with momma and daddy. How did I not notice him there before? I guess I just was focused on momma at the time. He looked angrily at me, but then his demeanor changed to shock and awe. And something happened to me as well. Some kind of telepathic link formed between me and him when we looked into each others eyes; everything that held me to the earth, gravity, my bond for this blond woman who held me, and the bond for daddy, all disappeared. What was left was a permanent attachment that was completely indestructible...to this man. Jacob: "Renesmee!" 'Jacob Black', I thought. He is mine! The only other bond that was as strong was the one I had for momma. I squirmed, trying to get my arms free from the blanket. I got my right arm free. Rosalie: "What are you doing baby?" I touched my hand to Aunt Rosalie's face as I tried to get free. 'I want my Jacob', I thought. I then felt something. An extension of the nerves in my fingers to my brain. I knew, maybe by some instinct, that my thoughts and memories, at the moment of my hand touching her face, that they had been, 'copied and pasted' for lack of word, on to her brain. Hmmm? Such a gift might come in handy. Less than a second had passed by when Aunt Rosalie reacted. Rosalie: "Oh my god! What was that? Renesmee?" I touched her face again in my struggle. 'I want my Jacob' I thought. I got both of my arms free and reached out to him. Rosalie: "What do you want, dog?" Jacob: "I just imprinted on Renesmee." Aunt Rosalie had a look of hopelessness and disappointment, and then disgust and reluctant acceptance. Rosalie: "...oh, crap!" My Jacob tried to reach for me, but Aunt Rosalie tried to keep me to herself. I kept struggling, and eventually she reluctantly handed me off. My Jacob held me awkwardly but securely. I liked this. I was happy just to be with him. I touched his face to speak telepathically. I showed him his own face and told him, in my mind, not with words, but with feelings that I knew who he was. Jacob: "Hey, there," he spoke to me tenderly. "You are the most beautiful little thing." I smiled at him. I was still a little hungry. And my first instinct, without thinking, was that my Jacob smelled good, as good as momma, and I bit into his arm and started to drink. Jacob: "Ouch!" Though he said it with a smile and a giggle. "Vampire through and through." And he kissed me on the cheek. Aunt Rosalie broke into laughter. Rosalie: "Ok, Jacob. That alone was worth everything." Jacob: "If it makes her happy, then I'm ok with it." It was a little while later after all the blood on the floor had been cleaned up that My Jacob and aunt Rosalie called the rest of the family in. First there was the two happy ones. A shorter girl with spikey black hair and yellow eyes. Rosalie: "Reneesme, this is your Cool Aunt Alice." She raised a camera and flashed a picture. It took me by surprise and I covered my face a second later. My Jacob handed me off to her. She took me and smiled at me. Alice: "You are just the cutest little thing." I placed my hand on her face and showed her her own face, and told her I loved her. Then there were the two darker skinned people like my Jacob. Jacob: "Seth, Leah, this is the object of my imprinting." Leah: "Oh, you gotta be kidding me!" Jacob: "I'm afraid not. But now that I think of it, this is exactly what your advice was. 'If I imprint on someone it would break my connection to Bella,' right?" Leah: "Yeah, but not like this." Jacob: "Look Leah, I'm happy right now if she is. Now come here." Leah walked over to him. He took me from Cool Aunt Alice and handed me to the one called Leah. Jacob: "Hold her, you will love her like the rest of us. Renesmee, this is your Cool Big Sister Leah." Leah took me reluctantly. I smiled at her and put my hand on her face and showed her