Summary: Katniss lives in a canonverse AU where the citizens of Panem are subjected to grinding poverty, oppression, and the constant threat of war with the North. When Katniss decides to disguise herself as a man so she can secretly volunteer for her beloved 12-year-old brother, Sage, will she finally discover who she truly is—and who she truly loves? Eventual Everlark somewhat based on Disney's version of Mulan and the various "Mulan" legends and folk tales; written for the THG Fairy Tale Fic Challenge. Story Title: A Girl Worth Fighting For Story Rating: Teen Relationships: Everlark Warnings: Mild swearing, combat violence, verbal and physical abuse Fairytale story is adapted from: The Mulan legends/folk tales Complete or Work in Progress: WiP A/N: I know this doesn't technically fit the description of a fairy tale, but I have read of Mulan stories being referred to as legends and folk tales. I read some of the fairy tales on the list and tried to convince myself that those were the ones I wanted to do, but then I realized the ridiculousness of worrying about playing strictly by the rules when writing a Hunger Games fanfic. Besides, all of the fairy tales I considered doing were well covered by other, more talented writers in the fandom, so I'm glad I didn't do them. So this story is a mix of Disney's version of the Mulan legends, multiple varieties of those legends, and The Hunger Games. I'm not entirely sure where this is going, when I'll post more, or when, exactly, I'll finish this; were it not for the challenge deadline, this wouldn't have seen the light of day for months. I don't own The Hunger Games, the Mulan legends/folk tales, or any of the various quotes I use throughout the story. Katniss ran through the woods, keeping a steady, even pace like her father had instructed her to years ago. " It's like building a cooking fire, Katniss," she remembered him saying. " You want to build a fire that will burn down to coals that are hot enough to cook your meat all the way through but that are not so hot that they will sear and burn your hard-earned catch." The bittersweet memory made Katniss's heart catch, but her even pace never faltered. She never tired of running this circuit around her lake—at least not mentally. Her muscles were nearing the point of exhaustion, but she knew that she was close to reaching her goal. As if she had summoned its presence by mere thought, the Hanging Tree came into view as she rounded the last bend of her wild course. She sprinted the final distance before slowing to a halt in front of the enormous, sprawling oak tree. Luxuriating in the shade provided by the seemingly ancient oak, Katniss instinctively bent over as her breath rasped in and out of her mouth. Her father's voice came back to her again, training once again overriding instinct. " Don't bend over when you're trying to catch your breath, Katniss; that will only make breathing harder. Lace your fingers together and put them on top of your head instead so that you'll be able to take bigger breaths." Katniss tipped her head back and placed her hands on her head, looking up at her full game bag hanging in the branches of the tree. Her father had discovered long ago that this particular tree was a great place to hang game in order to keep it out of the paws and jaws of hungry animals, so he took to calling it the Hanging Tree after the one in the song. He also later discovered that it had a particular branch that was perfect for doing chin-ups, completing the Hanging Tree image. True, Katniss and her father knew that they could have simply kept the game in the little cabin on the other side of the lake, but neither of them usually wanted to spend any more time inside than was necessary. " Besides," her father had said, "Climbing trees is good exercise." This place made Katniss miss her father terribly, but this was also the place where she felt his presence the strongest. She continued to practice the exercises he had taught her in order to fulfill the promise she'd made to him long ago, but she also did them because they made her feel closer to her father's memory. " Katniss, we've all heard the rumors and know what will likely happen." " We don't know anything for sure, Daddy. Maybe everyone is wrong." " Maybe so, but we're going to be prepared. We could be called up to war tomorrow, next month, or next year. I might have time to teach you everything I know, or I might only be able to teach you how to run all the way around the lake without giving up and jumping in. Regardless of how many skills I manage to teach you, you must remember one thing: You can fight back. " If Snow's foolishness gets us men killed, then it is going to be up to you women to protect the districts from the North. Starting tomorrow, I'm going to teach you how to defend yourself, how to fight back, and, most importantly, how to escape so you can live to fight another day. No matter what happens to me, Katniss, you must promise that you will always take care of Mommy and Sage; they are not fighters like we are, although they do have their own strengths." "I promise, Daddy," Katniss whispered to the Hanging Tree as she jumped up and clasped the low-hanging branch she and her father had used for chin-ups. She had gotten quite good at them and had developed decent upper-body strength. Well, at least I'm as strong as a malnourished Seam brat can be… Katniss did a few more of her father's exercises before she stripped off her clothes and slung them over the chin-up branch. She walked down to the water's edge and stopped, analyzing her reflection in the water. A scowl pinched her face as she looked herself over; she doubted that Effie Trinket would be terribly impressed, much less any boy. She shrugged and undid her braid, running her fingers through her hair so that it would be able to float loosely around her. Had there been any chance of anyone seeing her, she would've been more self-conscious, but the only living people who knew about the lake were her mother, Sage, and Gale, and all of them were busy with their own activities. Besides, it's not like I'd really care if any of them saw me naked, Katniss mused as she blissfully floated on the water's surface. Mom saw me naked when I was born, Sage is my brother, and Gale may as well be. I mean, it's not like he hasn't seen me naked the numerous other times we've swam here… Katniss luxuriated in the feel of the water cocooning her body, even if it was a little too cold still for swimming. Her body was warm from exercising, and not even her father had been able to stop her from swimming—or doing anything else she wanted to do. She contemplated doing more of her father's exercises after finishing her swim, but she couldn't muster up any enthusiasm for getting out of the water. Those exercises are meant to do with another person, anyway, specifically one who is bigger than I am. No; I'll have to wait for Gale to have free time before we can practice our self-defense moves again. Reluctantly acknowledging the sun's message that it was time to get out of the water, Katniss made her way to shore. She wrung the water out of her dark hair as best as she could before running her fingers through it to give it a chance to air-dry. The chilly water had cooled Katniss's body down, so she was more aware of the lingering chill in the air as she toweled off with an old scrap of clothing she'd saved for that purpose. Quickly pulling her clothes off of the chin-up branch, she wasted no time in putting them on. She hastily braided her hair, knowing that there was a good chance that it wouldn't be dry by time she climbed under the fence to get back into District 12. That was a risk she was willing to take, however, as the seemingly ever-present feeling of foreboding compelled her to make her way back home to her family. She scrabbled up the tree, grabbed her bulging game bag, snagged her bow, and began the trek back to District 12 without looking back at the lake. Her lake felt like a distant memory as she slouched down further in her chair as Effie Trinket chattered on and on about the Treaty of the Treason. The delightful Ms. Trinket paid a visit to the assembled 15-18-year-old girls of District 12 a couple of times a year, and—as far as Katniss could tell—her lessons always lasted about the same length of time and covered the same basic areas. Effie was currently nattering on about why Capitol citizens got to have everything they wanted while the district people lived in squalor under constant threat of starvation. Dark Days…rebellion…blah, blah, blah…Crap that happened generations ago…our duty to Panem…yada, yada, yada…fight to preserve Panem's borders against the North…Snow's an idiot who's going to get us all killed…oh, wait; that was actually my thought… "…time to talk about the responsibilities all women of Panem bear," Effie said, snapping Katniss out of her boredom-induced stupor. Katniss remembered this part of Effie's spiel from her last visit, and she doubted that she was going to like it any better this time through. She knew she had to pay attention, though; how else was she going to find a loophole, a way out? "As I'm sure you are all aware, Panem's population is dangerously low." Because President Snow insists on going to war every five years or so, which kills off all our men, Katniss mentally added. "This population crisis makes a woman's responsibilities all the more important as it is her place, her purpose, to help repopulate Panem by raising as many children as she can." So they can either go off to war when they're 12 or older and get slaughtered by Northern troops or give birth to sons of their own who will go off to war when they're 12 or older and get slaughtered by Northern troops. "Women are also to ensure that their men are comfortable and well cared for so that the men will be able to live happy and productive lives." Or lie dead in the district cemetery like my father because they died in one of Snow's stupid wars. "A woman is to be married when she achieves majority at the age of 19 so that she will be able to take advantage of her prime child-bearing years." Which I will spend scraping together enough to make ends meet for my mother and brother; forget having a husband. "Any woman who is not married by the end of the month in which she turns 19 will immediately begin paying a caelebs tax and will continue to pay such a tax monthly until she is wed." Unless she is smart enough to come up with a way to get out of doing such a thing, which I…well, I'm working on it. "Women are also encouraged to have vocations so long as their jobs do not interfere with their abilities to care for their families; fighting in combat is, of course, forbidden due to a woman's lack of suitability for the activity and for Panem's population's inability to sustain itself without child-bearers." Because starvation and losing our men to war are much better alternatives. "Any woman caught trying to sneak into the military or—as unlikely a scenario as it may be—is actually caught during or after