Intertwined Destines: (Dedicated to Wemmabby for her canon towards Hayffie) Their meeting had been an accident. But most people would call it destiny. She never was supposed to never meet the seam eyed boy, never supposed to fall in love with him. He never was supposed to meet the pinked haired girl, never supposed to fall in love with her. It happened anyway. Accident or destiny? You deicide. She had stumbled into a room after wandering around the train that's destination was directly for the Capitol. She was told specifically ordered not to explore around, and despite her yearning for rules and manners it had happened anyway. She had stumbled into a room. District Twelve's tribute room. "I really don't think yo ushould be back here, princess," he spat the word you, emphasizing it. Haymitch knew what he was going to say; your kind, but he decided that if he was going to die, it wouldn't be from the hands of this spoiled, rotten-to-the-core Capitol girl. She had been accustomed to the Capitol style and obviously the accent with her cheery, drawled words. He could just tell from the sparkly eyeliner that she was a slave to the pigments of the Capitol's fashion. She had long, straight blonde hair with wisps of pink streaks at the bottom. Like dip dye. Her eyeliner stretched out to her cheeks in swirls of pink and green. Her lips had been painted a neutral pink color and a tightly hugging dress captured her figure. If it wasn't for the rose frills decorated overwhelmingly on the hem of the dress, she might've actually passed for somewhat normal. She scoffed, placing her hands on her hips her blue eyes narrowing. "And who are you to tell me what to do? What are you going to do if I don't obey your orders? Kill me?" He felt his hand curl into a fist at his side. Killing her would just be a relief not to hear her irritating, high pitched voice anymore but he managed to keep his anger contained. The last thing he needed was to die sooner than intended and by someone who was instigating him to do so. "Maybe." She snorted, applying a layer of makeup to her face. "Your Haymitch Abernathy, aren't you? District twelve's clown." It wasn't a question. "Oh sweetheart, you are the last person who should be calling me clown." Her cheeks tainted a rosy color, and this time it wasn't from the layers of makeup piled on her face. "For your information this is an eccentric look from the Capitol, although I know you don't appreciate proper etiquettes from your...attire." He scowled, scorned and patronized by her higher attitude. Who did this girl think she was? "And who are you exactly? Some Capitol fan girl who wants an autograph from yours truly?" "In your dreams." Then with those three words she walked confidently out of the room, leaving the door half open. Now, he gave an irritated huff as he looked around; Haymitch could tell just by looking at the teenage, stubborn girl that was practically breathing in the air that smelt like honey and chocolate and expensive wines, as opposed to garbage and cigarette ash and rotting things- that these people were not his style. This Capitol girl was rich and classy; all their clothes shimmering with gold, and pointed boots. She practically screamed I'm above you. If only she didn't look incredibly distracting in that dress. It wasn't like he intentionally noticed. Despite what everyone else thought he was just a teenage boy, living on hormones, and scared out of his wits for what he would have to do in the weeks to come. And he had hormones. Boy, did he have hormones. Normally, he detested the sight of the Capitol style. It made them look silly and ridiculous, but on this girl- it looked...good. Sweet Jesus, did she even know how good the dress looked on her? By her witty attitude it was most likely that she did know and was surely using it to torture him. He couldn't focus on anything else, just kept reprimanding himself that she was from the Capitol and her personality was the worst thing that he ever had dealt with in his life. No, not the worst. This was the worst. The agonizingly slow wait to be delivered to the Capitol, then in a few weeks into the arena. He had contemplated on killing himself, but they never left him alone. The only sharp item they allowed him to have was a spike on one of his designer jackets and killing himself that way would be so slow that he would feel everything. He had abandoned the idea and accepted his fate. So no, this naive Capitol girl wasn't the worst thing that happened to him, though she was the most annoying. He sighed, giving in. If she was going to parade around the train that was driving towards the Capitol he might as well get to know her. At least, that's what his brain was telling him to do. He walked out of the room, but he still remained stony. "What's your name?" She tossed her hair over her exposed shoulder, staring at him like he was a bug that she wanted to squish with a single step of her high heels. It made him feel subconscious and angry all at the same time and it wasn't a nice mix, especially with all the emotions that were already previously drowning him. "What makes you think I'll tell you my name to a tribute?" Screw trying to be nice. He crossed his arms over his chest. "Look sweetheart, I was just trying to be polite-" "Is that what you call polite from where you come from?" Her voice was like honey and chimes at the same time as she stared out the window of the train earnestly, the sun just beginning to set behind the clouds in the distant. He rolled his eyes, but didn't pursue the matter. She wanted a good fashioned argument, and maybe she was used to getting what she wanted back where she lived, but that didn't mean he was going to. She needed a harsh dose of medicine called reality. His mouth fell open half ajar, but she cut him off. "Effie. My names Effie." On any other person, the name would be ludicrous to them. On this girl the name fit; It suited her. "And I guess you already know who I am." She let out a giggle that resembled bell chimes, prodding him in the shoulder with a painted, polished fingernail. He tries to contain a blush at her touch. Sure, there were a few girls in District Twelve who fancied him, but they were clingy and brainless like controlled zombies. This was different. He was being touched by a girl who looked like a Goddess. "I saw your interview." She watched his interview? His heart leapt, and he isn't entirely positive why, although he has a pretty big clue. "You really are rude." A sharp, flicker of anger flashes through him but it dispatches when he sees amusement glimmering in her icy, blue eyes. "So, Haymitch. What do you think of the games? Having one hundred percent more competitors than usual." "I don't see how that'll make much difference. They'll still be as one hundred percent stupid as usual. So, I figure my odds will be roughly the same." He shrugged. "All I said was the truth." She-Effie considers this for a moment. "I suppose so. You're sixteen, right? You have a decent chance at winning, especially with that attitude." "Maybe. Maybe not." He pauses, studying the blonde, teenage girl in front of him. "Why do you care?" Her cheeks color for a moment, but she composes herself quickly. So abrupt that Haymitch isn't certain that she even blushed in the first place. "It's my job to know. I'm an intern for District Twelve's escort. Well, not necessarily an intern, more of an observer." "You want to be an escort for District Twelve ?" She could surely do better than District Twelve. It was the poorest, most ghastly District out of the variety of others. Effie appeased towards manners and richness, that was impeccable to him. So why not do something more appealing to her lifestyle like District One or Two? Effie frowns at his incredulous reaction, almost reading his mind. "I've always leaned towards District Twelve." She was now sitting on the couch next to the window, the bright sunlight casting illuminant shadows across her tan skin tone. He remained standing, running a hand through his dark, slightly curled hair. "And why is that?" "I guess I have a thing for underdogs." She winked playfully at him before exiting the room. If it wasn't for Maysilee who had gotten his attention moments later, he was pretty sure he would still be staring at the wall; completely dumbstruck. Effie doesn't see Haymitch around that much and that disappoints her. He was handsome, young, strong and something of a looker with his curly dark hair and Seam eyes that are bright and dangerous. Danger. That was something that Effie had never experienced before- not before Haymitch anyway. He's completely infuriating with his improperness and lack of hygiene. It makes her go crazy. Like the one time she had bumped into him in the hallway and his two shirt buttons were lacking, showing off his bare chest. It took everything for her not to button them for her. Most girls would be interested in doing the unbuttoning, while Effie was the opposite. Not that she minded getting a look of his chest, it's just that everything should be neat and proper and...she was turning into a neat freak, wasn't she? She let out a huff, washing her makeup off, and ripping off her curly pink wig. The first time she had met Haymitch she wasn't wearing it and the second time she was. Effie couldn't decide which look he enjoyed better. Wig or no wig? Her teeth grit together. Does it really matter? He's most probably going die and- The thought ragged her breath. She had only met him twice and they had barely exchanged any meaningful words- half of their conversation was tense. It was ridiculous. She shouldn't care. But she did. She let the cool water stroke her bare skin as she splashed it over her cheeks, scrubbing the eyeliner away. She grabbed the hairbrush from the side and began to brush furiously, trying to shove those irrelevant thoughts about Haymitch away once and for all. Her hair frizzed at the edges and she could pass for a girl living in a district without her makeup and hair done. A few weeks prior, the thought revolted her. Now, it sounded appealing. What was that grey eyed boy doing to her? She snatched the towel from the side of the sink drying her face before slipping off her dress, corset and heels and pulling on baggy clothes with a t-shirt. Effie never let anyone see her like this- the thought was too embarrassing to surpass. She tied her hair into a messy bun, prepared to fall asleep. She opened the door to the bathroom, then stepped into her present bedroom placing her clothes neatly into the laundry bin. "I always thought you were OCD," a voice chastised from inside her room. Effie jolted, dropping her clothes on the floor. "Now I think this proves it." She scowled, brushing at her strands of hair -that had rebelliously fallen out of her bun- frantically. Of course he did have to show up when all her hair and makeup were cleansed from her face. "What are you doing in here?" She snapped, as she whirled around to see him casually sitting on her bed. He ignored her, his eyes lighting up at her appearance. "You know, without the Capitol look you might actually pass for normal."