Disclaimer: This story is a work of fiction. Twilight and all its characters are the property of Stephenie Meyer and no copyright infringement is intended. Author's Note 6/27/2015- Due to an influx of nondescript non-constructive reviews over the past few days I have been receiving from a guest user(s?) I thought it necessary to add another disclaimer. As an author, I seek to learn from my readers, however there is a fine line between constructive criticism and people complaining just to complain. Therefore, I will not respond to reviews that contain the following: 1) People who confuse a fictional world and fictional characters with who I am as a person or what my personal beliefs are. I know very little about my readers. You all know very little about me. For all you all know I could be a purple bisexual unicorn named Clyde who lives in a pineapple under the sea with my friends Spongebob and Patrick. That being said, I have befriended readers in the past. I always like making new friends. And I know that this site is filled with wonderful people. I am also intelligent enough to realize that just because someone on this site writes an X-rated Harry Potter fanfiction about Dobby boinking Malfoy, that doesn't mean the author wants to get schtupped by a loving house elf with a sock fettish. What I write is not an "all about me novel". It's fiction. My life is much crazier. ;-P 2) People who get offended that a story with an M-rating contains NSFW content. That's like going to an R-rated movie and being shocked that there is naughty language and naughty bits. This is a story about Leah "I hate the world" Clearwater. It has fucking cussing. If you got offended at that comment, then this story...and the interwebs in general...is no place for you, my friend. 3) People who do nothing but complain about what they hate and how much they hate it, yet keep coming back. If I stick my finger in an electrical socket and get electrocuted, I'm not going to do it again...because I didn't like what happened. That's the same premise with reading. Don't like something? Hit the road, Jack. If you fit the above category, Bye Felicia! I will respond to you if you review with: 1) A question. 2) Grammar notifications or things I have not spelled correctly. 3) A pleasant comment about rainbows and kittens and puppy dogs. 4) A thought-provoking and constructive piece of criticism that I could use to further mold my future writings. 5) Something that made you giggle. 6) Literally any Supernatural, Dr. Who, or Sherlock fandom reference. This has nothing to do with my story, but if you're Superwholock, we're going to be best friends. Thanks for being awesome readers! Enjoy the ride! Prelude: It only took death for him to realize how much he loved her Chapter 1: Life Hates Me I looked out over the cliff, dangling my feet in the air as I watched the waves crash against the rocks hundreds of yards below me. As I stared out at the gray sky I contemplated how my life had gotten to this point. Anyone who thinks that they have been dealt the worst possible hand in life obviously hasn't met me. My life is so difficult that I long for the days where my biggest concern was whether or not my favorite outfit was clean for school the next day. Compared to what happened after I graduated, high school was a piece of cake. The first blow to my ego happened when my boyfriend of four years left me to go knock boots with my cousin. Sam had just stared at me blankly when I curled up on the sofa and buried my face into the cushion. Of course, he wasn't expecting me to throw that glass at his head two seconds later. Somehow, seeing the gash in his head satisfied me. "Ow, Leah, what the hell?" he stuttered out. "You get to break my heart, so I get to break your head," I snarled. He rubbed the cut firmly. I expected him to get angry, but instead, he just closed his eyes and took in a relaxing breath. "I'm not doing this to hurt you…" "You are such an ass," I snapped. Anger always worked better to my advantage. It was better than the alternative. I hated tears with a passion. Crying never made me feel any better. It just made me puffy, red, and dehydrated. I picked up the TV remote to hurl at Sam. I figured maybe throwing things would make me feel better. Emily had intervened at that point. My cousin had always been a perfect little busybody. I never would have invited her down to meet Sam had I known she was going to sleep with him. "It's not his fault…" Emily said. She calmly handed Sam a dishrag to cover the cut on his head. I guess that wasn't a bad idea. I didn't need him bleeding all over my carpet. Because when his body turned up a month from now I didn't need anything linking me to the scene of the crime. "Well then, tell me whose fault it is so I can tear their ass up, too." "He's…different. He can't control…" Emily started to say something, but Sam stopped her. Emily huffed angrily, "I wish I was able to explain this in a way that you'd understand it." I don't think that's possible, I thought harshly. "Get out." I wouldn't even look at my cousin. "Leah…" Sam stepped forward. "I want you out of my house!" I screamed. It's a good thing that my parents and my brother Seth weren't home to hear me losing my temper with my two best friends. I'm sure my mother would try to sit me down and tell me talk about this rationally. But I wasn't a very rational person when I was angry. Sometimes I scared myself when I lost my temper. Getting out of control is fun for a while...until you have your hands around someone's throat cutting off their oxygen supply and telling them to hold still while you kill them. "You have to believe that it was never my intent to hurt you," Sam said with a frown. "Well, it was never my intent to kill you but I'm going to if you don't get away from me," I snarled. "What can I do to make this right?" Sam pleaded. "Kick yourself in the nuts repeatedly." I shrugged. "I hate seeing you like this, Leah. I love you. I don't want to see you hurting." "Well, I am," I hissed. "Now, leave before I kill you with my mother's wedding china." Sam pulled the dishrag away from his head just as I turned to look at Emily. "You were like a sister to me." My lip was trembling. But I wasn't going to cry. Not for these two. "Leah, I'm sorry…" Emily whimpered out. "Emily, we should go." I heard Sam from behind me. Emily sighed as she walked past me, "Please don't hate me, Leah." She was asking me to do the impossible. How could I forgive her for loving the same man as me? As I watched them walking towards the door I noticed that Sam's head was no longer bleeding. I cocked my head in confusion as I looked at the dishrag. It barely had any blood on it. But the gash that the glass had created was probably deep enough to warrant stitches. I glanced at his head as he was walking out the door. I noticed that there was no gash. Sam turned to face me and verified that there was now no injury on his head. My mouth fell open in shock. How had he managed to bounce back so quickly? I shook my head. I didn't care. The freak was breaking up with me anyway. "I hope you'll understand some day." He looked at the ground sadly. I shook my head. I wasn't a very understanding girl. And I didn't want to try to pretend to understand how two people I loved so dearly could hurt me this much. This is why I hated love. Because it brought you nothing but pain. "Please forgive me…" Emily begged. I was so worked up that all I could do was snarl back, "I never want to see either of you again. Karma is going to bite you two in the ass and I hope she leaves a mark!" I really regretted saying that. Two weeks later I got a phone call that Emily had been mauled by a bear. She was going to be okay but she'd suffered massive injuries to her face. That's the day that I forgave her for stealing my boyfriend. Hell, I would have forgiven her for murder at that point. I felt so bad that she had been hurt. Seeing her in the hospital broke my heart. I hadn't meant the harsh words I'd said to her. I loved her. She was part of my family. But even her injuries weren't enough for me to forgive Sam. I didn't care if a bear ripped his head off and shit in his empty skull...I would probably still never forgive him. At the hospital he was acting so weird. Even weird for Sam. He kept looking around nervously, spazzing out, and apologizing profusely to Emily. His erratic and uncharacteristic behavior really bothered me. What the hell had he turned in to? Unfortunately, I got my answer to that question when I lost my temper one day when I was fighting with my brother. I think we were arguing over something stupid like whose turn it was to do the dishes. I called him a dick and he called me a bitch. The next thing I knew, my head was pounding and I was writhing on the ground in pain. Seth immediately took back his harsh words. "Crap. I'm sorry. Leah, what's wrong?" I managed to stumble to my feet and crawl out the front door. I was burning up and I thought that maybe the fresh air would help me. It wasn't until I fell off of the porch and tried to stand back up that I realized I had four feet. Sam's voice was the first one I heard…which didn't help the situation. Calm down. It's alright, Leah. You're fine. How could I possibly be fine? I'm hearing a Satanic voice in my head, I muttered sarcastically. Sam, I think it might be best if someone else helped her through this. Was that Jacob? Sam sighed, I think you might be right. I got it. I turned around and saw a sandy colored wolf standing just outside my front door. Seth ? I gawked. Leah, you aren't going to believe this. There was a hint of excitement in his voice. Please tell me that I hit my head and I'm unconscious and this is all part of my brain damage, I begged. Seth took a step towards me. Nope. This is all very real. Someone shoot me…with a silver bullet. I shook my head. That was the day that I'd learned that I was literally a bitch. A female dog. A werewolf to be exact. I laughed myself to sleep a week later thinking "well, at least it can't get any worse." If there was an award to receive for being so massively completely wrong...I would have acquired it. Just when you think you've hit rock bottom you find out that there's a basement. And below that basement is a bomb shelter. I was buried about a mile beneath the dirt under that bomb shelter. My bad luck continued when my father died, shaking up my entire family. Mom was devastated and Seth and I were heartbroken. Seth and I buried our pain in running as wolves. We existed to preserve human