Hello, my dear readers! As promised, I've been writing away at Patria , the sequel to Invictus . This is not it but think of it as an interlude piece or a teaser trailer. This bit of story just didn't make sense with where I want to start the sequel so it gets its own page. I promise, promise, promise I have not abandoned the sequel! I just write slowly and have gone through multiple revisions. As you probably already know, it's my personal policy to never post anything that isn't finished or close to it. I hope this little snippet will tie you over for a little while! This story picks up shortly after the end of Invictus, so about mid-May. And as always, I don't own anything of Tolkien's Middle Earth. I just play there. Digressio "Are you ready to go home?" Her blonde head lifted, blue eyes catching the light as she glancing over. A look of longing and sadness mingled into something like a smile on her lips. Was she ready? Yes. And yet she'd be leaving half her heart behind. "So much has happened," she said quietly. Her gaze grew distant as memories of the last several months took hold. "Things I never dreamed possible suddenly happened before my eyes. Legends sprang out of the ground–heroes were made. But...so much was lost." "And yet so much has been gained." She lifted her eyes back to her companion and smiled warmly this time. "Oh aye. So much…" The lady paused in her walking and tilted her head. "And what of you, Lana? Are you going to call Minas Tirith home, then?" Lana laughed softly. "I hope not." She looked at Éowyn fondly. Her own face held more mirth which covered any deeper feelings of homesickness. Lana was resigned to her fate of never seeing her home. It wasn't like she had much of a choice in the matter. The two women had come far in the last few months. Lady Éowyn had found peace, hope, and love, which she sorely needed to combat the grief her heart felt. Thousands of the Rohirrim had died—her uncle, the late king, included. She too nearly lost her life. Though healed in body, there were times in the night when the darkness grew too much and Éowyn had to light a great hearth fire to chase away the terrors in her mind. She and her brother, Éomer, were to return to Rohan with the late king's body and the remaining Rohirrim. There Éomer would be officially crowned as king. All her things were packed, not that she had brought much to begin with. The armor she wore into battle had been cleaned and would be stowed in a cart. She had no need of it now. Her sword, though, that she would wear proudly at her side. She was, after all, the Sheild Maiden of Rohan. But she would be bringing back a few new items. The Lord Faramir had commissioned several gowns for the White Lady of Rohan, including a new riding habit. Éowyn smiled in her thoughts as his kind face came to mind. He had also comissioned a ring of gold. Her heart still fluttered when she thought of his proposal. As for Lana, she would remain in Minas Tirith until her own betrothed headed north to his home. There Legolas Prince of Mirkwood would introduce her to his people and his father. Lana's stomach curdled just thinking about the meeting. It was impossible to not hear the rumors of the old elf king. None of them made her optimistic. Still that was some ways off. Aragorn—that is King Elessar now—Lana smiled to think of it, he had much work to do to set the White City to rights. And not much time by the sound of it. Messengers had been sent far and wide spreading the news of the Dark Lord's downfall. The remaining enemy was being hunted down by each day. And the people who had fled the city before the siege were returning in droves. The city was in shambles, the fields and orchards that once supported it decimated. The first levels of the city were completely destroyed. Walking past the crumbling edifices Lana couldn't help but be reminded of the bombed out cities she had seen in her world. Buildings leaned precariously, their roofs pockmarked with giant holes, the result of massive boulders flung over the walls. Some had their second stories caved in and others the front faces had crumbled into rubble. Those soldiers who were not dedicated to chasing down rogue orcs were set to work clearing the streets and inspecting what could be saved and what had to be torn down. Gimli the dwarf often accompanied these men. His eye for stonework sped up the process. Lana and Éowyn had seen him often when they made their way down to the main gates each day. Both women saw it only right that they do some exercise. Both had been grievously injured during the war and had spent much time in recuperation. But the danger to their health now passed, and despite protests from their would be protectors, the women walked down six of the seven levels of the city each day and out to the field where the Rohirrim were keeping their horses. Exiting the through the splintered remains of the main gate they nodded to the familiar faces guarding standing by. They looked more like conductors of traffic than anything else, in Lana's opinion. A steady stream of people was moving into the city each day. It was the guard's duty to oversee the influx of humanity. Refugees, wealthy families, merchants, importers, they all came to the White City now that the war was ended. The women had to squeeze through the throng like salmon swimming upriver. "Ah that's better," Éowyn sighed as they pushed their way out of the masses and into the open space before the gates. Lana smiled at the other woman's blatant relief. Not that she blamed her, but Lana was used to massive of humanity in ways Éowyn wasn't. Still, not being crushed by hundreds of people was agreeable. They turned north, following the way about half a mile to where the Rohirrim had made camp. In the center was a large green pavilion with ornate banners fluttering indolently in the morning breeze. Éowyn glanced over but knew her brother was above in the citadel conferring last minute conversations with King Elessar and Prince Imrahil of Dol Amroth. Éomer had declined taking a chamber in the city and instead chose to stay with his warriors on the field. The gesture had already made his abundant popularity soar. Most of the Rohirrim already knew him either from fighting at his side or by reputatiion. Many men of the Mark had fought with him in skirmishes throughout the countryside. Some had even watched him grow into a man. It did them proud to see him step into the role of king and leader while still ensuring them that he was a man of the people. Éowyn was proud of him. It warmed Lana's heart to see the siblings interact over the past weeks. And it made her long for her own brother. But thoughts of Aidan were far from her mind this day. Lana and Éowyn knew this was their last chance to spend time together before the host of Rohan rode home on the morrow. Moving past the camp's guards, they headed towards a large makeshift pen. Within were the Rohirrims' pride and joy. Hundreds of horses were lovingly attended and watched over. Sleek and power bodies grazed on late spring grass that had escaped the carnage of war. Not all the war horses were corralled within. Many were hobbled near their master's tents, but those who had been injured were grouped together away from the activity of the camp. Lana's own Hasufel was one of them as was Éowyn's Windfola. The mare had suffered a fracture in her leg during the Battle of Pelennor Fields. Hasufel had been pierced by several arrows. One had managed to get deep into his shoulder and the wound caused him a great deal of suffering. The two women greeted the guards watching over the horses then moved into the pen that held Windfola. Weeks of careful tending had both horses much improved, if still lame. Windfola continued limped noticeably. Éowyn's face was pinched with worry as she watched her beloved horse hobble over. The mare's right foreleg was thickly bandaged, which restricted movement, but there was still a tension in the body that proved there was pain. Éowyn cooed softly in Rohirric, her brows creased with worry. "Will she be able to travel?" Lana asked softly, already guessing the answer. The mare's limp seemed worrisome enough that Lana feared the long journey would only further injure the horse. Éowyn didn't say anything for several moments. Her attention was solely on the horse who snuffled her hair in a friendly manner. The lady gently guided the mare in a slow circle, watching each step critically. Finally she blew out a heavy breath. "I do not like it," she said in a tone of grief. "She is mending but I do not think she can make it home. Not yet." While Éowyn's voice was steady, there were telltale tears in her eyes. The headstrong woman tried to blink them away. Lana put a hand on her shoulder then drew the shorter woman into her arms. Éowyn automatically embraced her. Lana stood nearly a head taller than her friend and it was easy to lay her cheek against Éowyn's golden head. A faint shudder ran through the smaller woman. "How can I leave her behind?" Her question was thick with emotion. Lana squeezed her close. Windfola's ears pricked forward in question and she nosed at Éowyn's hair. The lady broke into a soft smile at the horse's attempt to comfort her. "She just needs more time to mend," Lana said practically. "How much longer do you think she needs?" Éowyn straightened and wiped her eyes with the back of her hand. "At least another month, maybe two." She stroked Windfola's face soothingly, scratching the mare's cheeks. The horse grunted in approval, lowering her head even further into Éowyn's touch. Lana grinned. "I can watch over her," she said without hesitation. "You know that we all will come to Rohan once Aragorn is married. After all, the Fellowship will eventually go its separate ways. And," her voice grew sly. "Faramir must come to Edoras for your wedding." Éowyn's cheeks pinked slightly but she grinned with excitement. "Aye. That is true. For certain Windfola will be fit enough to travel by then." "What better wedding gift could I bring you than your own horse?" Éowyn laughed. "Oh, to be sure! There is nothing greater than that." She gave the mare one final pat. With another heavy sigh, she nodded. "It is the best solution. We will simply have to wait to be together again." She then transitioned back to her native tongue, whispering soothingly into the mare's ear. The women struck out to a nearby paddock. "I know I needn't ask, but for my own peace of heart, will you promise me she will be well tended? I am unfamiliar with the city's grooms. I would prefer that Windfola be looked over by a friend." "Of course." Lana sided stepped a horse pile. "I'll care for her as if she is my own. While I might not be a horse healer, I know enough about horse care to ensure she is well looked after." "For one with little horse-craft, you seemed to know quite a bit of them." Lana heard the unasked question. Tossing her hair out of her eyes she nodded. "My grandfather raised horses—racehorses, specifically. When I was a child, my brother and I would spend our summers at his ranch.