Author's note: I own a Labrador Retriever but not rights to the Hunger Games thrilogy. "Katniss, come on" Madge said, putting another coat of lip gloss on her lips. I sighed at her enthusiasm. I hated my life right now. We were at Panem summer camp, as we had been for three summers right now. My first summer was right after dad died, since mum had that nervous breakdown and Prim and I were sort of a nuisance, my Uncle Haymitch thought it was best to send us both to a summer camp. Enter Panem, boys and girls! I had hated the entire ordeal for the entire first week of our staying. I bunked with Madge, not able to have bunked with Prim because she was twelve and I was sixteen. Anyway, Prim was happy and making new friends, not minding our crappy family situation too much. Madge and I were starting to open up and sat together at lunch. Soon, I had two other friends, Annie and Johanna. And then I met him . I had been taking a class on how to use a bow and arrow. It was mainly an all-boys class, but I snuck into it anyways. A very tall boy was there and his name was Gale. We hit it off right away, and by the end of the first class we were best friends. "Care if I join you, Ladies?" Gale drawled in his southern accent that lunch, bringing his tray with him. I nodded, and he sat in front of me, right in front of Johanna. By the end of that day, they were officially an item. "Peeta!" Gale had yelled. "He's my bunk mate, can he sit here? Oh, he comes with some friends." I glanced to where he was talking and there he was. Peeta, tall, blonde, muscular but lean. I closed my mouth, which was unattractively agape, and turned back to concentrate back on my food and not on the feeling of butterflies flying in my stomach. "Sit, please" Madge asked, grinning like a fool at one of the boys. "Ladies, this is Peeta, my bunk mate, and Finnick and Thresh, some friends." Gale introduced them. I looked at them trying on to ogle Peeta, who had a really nice smile. By the end of that weekend, Madge had already hooked up with Thresh and Finnick and Annie were putting up socks on door handles. All of them, but Peeta and I. Since he was forced to get to know me, given that all of our friends were sucking face on every meal we shared, I got to know that he was very interested in art and French cuisine, especially desserts and pastries. He took painting lessons at camp, and liked The Strokes and The Smiths. I was amazed on how a muscular guy liked him hadn't taken something like wrestling, but he brushed off the topic asking about my story. I told him about Prim, Mom and Dad. I told him about archery and my desire to get a job and support my family. I told him I loved reading novels and I even quoted Harry Potter for him ("I did my waiting! Twelve years of it! In Azkaban!" and he had laughed.) About a week before we departed from camp, he kissed me a brief peck on the lips. We pecked our lips away for the next five days. On the last night, we were forced to share a cabin since all of our friends were fucking on the others. I still had my V-card and my experience with boys was limited to the pecks with Peeta, but that was OK by me. Peeta had a little more experience and that night put it to good use when he put those glorious fingers up my skirt and brought me my first orgasm with another person. Even if it was a little awkward for me to even think about sex at that time, I had thoroughly enjoyed it. His skilled fingers had found my clit, caressed it, massaged it, pinch it and make me whimper in loud pleas. It had been so liberating that I felt really free for the first time since dad died. I felt so light and carefree that I fell asleep almost immediately. The next morning, I found Madge passed out on her bed and I all covered but still wearing last night's clothes. At the train station, all of my friends were frantically exchanging numbers and facebook information. Peeta and I exchanged info, and then said goodbye until next summer. My second summer on Panem Camp started similarly to the previous one. Mom had been "mentally unstable" once again, like always, and uncle Haymitch pulled the camp card once again. I had mixed feelings about going, given that all of my camp friends were going, and that included Peeta, who had added me to Facebook but hadn't spoken to me all year long. Meanwhile, Annie and Finnick visited each other, taking advantage of how relatively close they lived. Madge, who lived a couple of blocks down my street, had been blessed enough to welcome Thresh through her open bedroom window, after he received his car as a birthday present. Johanna and Gale were enjoying the benefits of skype sex and couldn't wait to mess around at camp. I never got the nerve to initiate a conversation with Peeta. I greeted him for his birthday and he did the same on my birthday. That was it. Since we were all seventeen and older, we were offered jobs as counselors and we all accepted. That was the summer I got really good at archery and Gale got really good at sneaking out with Johanna to do the nasty everywhere they wanted. A week after getting to camp, the other counselors threw a welcome party and we all got hammered. Peeta and I rekindled our pecks but the alcohol gave me enough bravado to demand a real kiss from him, and that was the summer our tongues met. I whimpered loudly at the feeling of his sweetness. He was tender, careful, and gloriously romantic. I wanted to tell him that I was hurt that he never contacted me but I also wanted to comment on the desire of frozen the time and kiss him forever. A little tipsy, he ended up using those glorious fingers on me once again and, once again, it worked like a charm. After that, we would be very civil in front of people and then, at nights, we would kiss and touch. Well, he would touch. I hadn't worked up the nerve yet. My friends all teased me about losing my v-card to Peeta but it didn't seem right. Not until the last night at camp, where he all had gone to the beach at night and, once again, got wasted. Peeta and I had gone to a secluded area behind a rock and my v-card had expired. Up until this day, it is all very confusing. We kissed passionately and Peeta touched me, my inner thighs, my breasts, everything. However, we didn't remove any unnecessary item of clothing. I stayed on my summer dress that Madge forced me to wear and just lost the panties. Peeta just dropped his pants a little. He entered me delicately but very swiftly and, once again, I felt happy and complete. It didn't last long. More or less thirty seconds but I couldn't get mad or anything because I know boys have a tough time lasting on their first time. Peeta just muttered a quiet "Sorry, Katniss" while he suddenly left my body and pulled up his pants. I was shocked at his reaction, so I just muttered an even quitter: "It's OK." The following day we all went home and I never had the time to be alone with Peeta. He wished me goodbye and I got on the train next to Prim, who was already texting her friends. I looked intently at my cell for the entire ride home but no texts from Peeta ever came. That year, none of us tried to contact the other and just cordially said "happy birthday" on Facebook when the time came. I wasn't mad at him, but I was hurt that our relationship wasn't like any of our friend's relationships. Why didn't he contact me? Madge and Jo asked me about our "relationship status", and I had lied my ass off stating I was fine being single and that, while they all had stable relationships, I wanted to go to camp to see them and earn the money from the job. We all knew it would be our last summer, since all of them wanted to go to college and were ready to kiss Camp Panem goodbye. Prim and I had arrived to the station and were looking for our respective group of friends. I caught sight of Finnick and Annie making out and went straight to say hello. Quickly, Gale, Thresh, Peeta and Madge were there, and I was trying to hide my blush when Peeta waved hello and grinned at me. God, he's cute. "OK, listen carefully at the plan" Finnick said when we all had re-united. "This time around, we're fooling the system, right? We're bunking as couples" he devilishly stated. What? I blinked repeatedly to make sense. Boys were not allowed to bunk with girls! How would they pull this off? "This is the real deal, so no detours" Gale added clinically. "Annie and Fin are bunking in Annie's cabin, so Jo: you'll enter the campsite with Fin's backpack as if it was your own. Fin will get your pack to my cabin. Thresh will bunk with Madge, so Peeta will enter with Madge's belongings." They all nodded as if they knew about this already and I had to make the conscious effort to close my mouth, which was open in utter shock. "At night, when the lights come off, we will go to our new cabins and fuck our brains out" Johanna stated casually. Madge and Annie were staring right at me, probably asking me to cooperate and not flip out. "Except Peeta and Katniss, of course " she trailed off. Peeta shifted uncomfortably from foot to foot and finally met my gaze. Something in his eyes was there, something that I couldn't pinpoint… Fuck me. Understanding dawned on me. He also knew. I was seething. I was super mad. I wanted to grab a bow and hunt them down, or throw them into the basketball court and have them kill each other. "Kat? Do you want to talk about it before we start?" Annie suggested, sensing my anger. No, if they, if he , hadn't updated me before , what was the point of updating me know? "What for? Let's do this bitch!" I said, faking commitment. They were all so horny they believed me right away and exchanged backpacks immediately. And here we were. I was watching Madge get ready, hating myself while trying to get rid of my negativity. What was so wrong about bunking with Peeta for five weeks? He would have his bed, I would have my bed… we would only share the bathroom. I knew I was kidding myself, lying about not being interested in Peeta or anybody in a romantic way. The truth was that I wanted him to notice me, to want me. He had made me truly happy the two summers we had spent together and that was a real stretch. My life at home was so void of thrill I was barely a normal teenager; I was almost my mother's parent, not her daughter, since she was always depressed or crying. Prim made me happy, I loved to take care of her, but she was not my daughter… she was my sister. What if I wanted to go to college? What would happen to her? I shuddered at the thought, imagining