"Of course I'm ready." The black haired general said firmly. His lips were pressed into a thin line, he gripped his sharp spear tightly before adjusting his uniform. The titan smiled at his son,"Good, you know your role. Now go!" He bellowed and the demi-titan took his place in the front of the army. "Now, today we fight. For the titans!" He roared and the monsters and enemy demigods cheered before following the marching leader. He stood proudly as he led the titan army to the Empire State Building. Shoulders back, head held high, perfect posture, perfect march, perfect leader. Sixteen and already leading an army, maybe he could put that on his future job descriptions. His cold, gold eyes glinted with triumph when he saw the last of the demigods scrambling to defend the building. Hunters aided them making him smirk; he rushed forward as did his army and the two groups met with a clash. A girl with curly blonde hair swung a knife at him, it was quick and precise but the general blocked it with his spear. He sent a bone crushing punch to the grey-eyed girl and she crumpled. A man screamed and attempted to stab him but he whirled around and shoved the spear through his skull. Blood exploded from the guy's head and Perseus smiled sadistically. "STOP!" Someone roared and everything around him froze. He looked around in shock; people were frozen in midair. His spear was inches away from the blonde girl he had knocked out earlier and his monsters were frozen. Dirt and rubble were stuck in the air as well from the war and he felt like he was in space. He looked around frantically; this wasn't his doing. Two women sat in rocking chairs; both were knitting giant socks while rocking back and forth. He slowly approached them with his spear raised, it may have seemed silly to fear old ladies but he didn't know what or who they were. They must have been powerful if they could freeze time like that. "Who are you? What have you done?" He asked through gritted teeth, as he got closer to them. One of them paused her knitting and looked up at him,"I am Clotho, fate of birth." She paused before cutting a string from the sock. Her weathered fingers worked diligently before she gave him a wrinkly smile. "And you must be Perseus. How nice to meet you again boy." He frowned before lowering his spear, they were powerful but didn't seem to want to kill him. What did they mean, again? The other old woman put down her knitting and gave the demi-titan a warm smile,"And I am Lachesis, fate of life." She smoothed out her grey hair before wetting her lips, her dull grey eyes looked at him curiously for a moment before she folded her hands on her lap. "You my boy are not supposed to be here. You're not meant to be a son of Kronos but a son of Poseidon." She said in a gentle tone. His frowned deepened,"Impossible, I am the son of the titan king! General of his army, not the son of the sea god." He wrinkled his nose with distaste before glaring at them,"Now be gone with you! I have some demigods to defeat and thrones to destroy." He snarled before he began walking away. Suddenly he couldn't move, he turned around to look back at the old ladies and was forced to listen to them. He tried to get out of their magical control they had on him but he couldn't move. "Your fate was changed by an unknown force, a force that is extremely powerful-" "Must be more powerful than you old bats if you couldn't stop it." He quipped and Lachesis cackled in glee and clapped her hands together happily. "So much life in this one! Such spirit! I like you Perseus." She seemed completely undeterred by his insult and that was slightly frustrating to him. Clotho smiled wistfully,"I prefer babies but yes, I too find Perseus likable. Atropos would be furious though, try and snip your string because of that tongue of yours. Exactly the reason she has skipped out on this little meeting. Whoever toyed with your fate can't be friends with the gods, in your real fate you're chosen to preserve the good, not destroy it." She whispered before he was allowed to move again. He narrowed his eyes at them,"I am preserving the good, my father and I shall finally take down the gods! They cut him up and scattered his pieces, my brothers and sisters will pay for this atrocity!" He bellowed with his spear grasped tightly in his hands. Lachesis kept on her smile,"Why Perseus, I'm afraid you're wrong and you don't have a choice. You must come with us. We can take you quietly," She glanced back down at her knitting momentarily before her grey eyes turned hard and her smile vanished,"Or we can take you by force." He looked at her in surprise, it was the first time he had heard the fate get angry. Maybe he could kill them, trick them. But he knew it was impossible. He didn't want a different fate, he wanted to stay here and finish what he and his father had started. Kronos had always been good to him and he didn't want Poseidon as a father, an idea snuck in his mind and he slickly pulled his knife out. Clotho chuckled before grasping the arms of her wooden chair,"You've seen our power Perseus, and there's no escaping fate." He didn't want to leave his father, his friends like Luke and Ethan. He bit his lip remorsefully before wiping all expression off his face; his father would want him to be strong about this. He didn't have a choice in the matter. He wished he could say goodbye, but he didn't have time for such a thing. Percy put the knife to his throat,"I know how fragile fate truly is, I'll come with you seeing as I have no choice. But I still want the power of Kronos, and if I can't have it I'll kill myself." He growled and Clotho laughed, he noticed the nervous edge to it and a smirk adorned his face. "I will make you be reborn." She countered. "I won't be old enough to fulfill my destiny to save Olympus. That's right, I know what you want me to do." He snarled angrily and pressed the knife closer to his neck. "We'll freeze you thus preventing your own demise." Clotho snapped as her laid back expression turned angry. "And when you take me to my new fate I'll just kill myself there." Both women froze and began quietly converse about what they should do while Perseus stood there smugly with the knife still at his throat. Lachesis smiled happily,"Yes I like you indeed Perseus, so much life. It appears you'll get to keep your time powers, be careful with them. A little spit fire aren't you? Now let's get you to your right time." She clapped her hands together. "Percy wake up! We're here!" A boy bleated and Perseus jumped, he looked around to see himself sitting on a bus. He felt shorter than usual and scowled, he wasn't sixteen anymore. He looked at his reflection to see a twelve year old with sea green eyes staring back at him. His scowl deepened, son of Poseidon. He looked down at his hands to see a ring that had a spear engraved on it. It was black and he smiled. At least a couple things were still the same. His body was scrawny and he hated it, the muscle he had built up over the years as a son of Kronos was wasted but he could luckily remember all of his father's teachings. He looked at the boy sitting next to him on the bus,"Who are you? And my name is Perseus not Percy." He growled rudely making the boy cringe away from him. He had shaggy brown hair and his face was coated in pimples, he had a can in his hand and it looked like he had been gnawing on it. Gods, he was with a satyr, of all the beings he could be associated with it was a spineless goat. "Perc-Perseus, it's me Grover. Sorry man, you never like being called by your full name." Grover said timidly and Perseus rolled his eyes before standing up. "Well my real name is Perseus, where are we?" The bus was empty and it sat beside a large, white building. Grover tilted his head to the side in confusion,"The museum. Our field trip, speaking of which we're about to be late for the tour if you don't hurry up." The goat said and bustled him outside and into the building. Perseus frowned once he was thrown into a group of students that stood in front of a man in a wheelchair. "Ah, Perseus. So nice of you to join us. Since you're late would you mind telling me who this goddess is and what her significance is to Greek mythology?" The man asked and everyone looked at the boy who stood there with an annoyed facial expression. The man didn't seem mad and wasn't acting angry, he sounded disappointed. Perseus sighed in exasperation before glancing at the statue, Athena. This was like giving someone all the answers to a math test. Easy. His father had taught him all about Greek culture and he could speak it far more fluently then the average demigod. He had learned that he must first know the enemy before being trained to fight them. "This is Athena. Goddess of wisdom, battle strategy, and justice. She's the daughter of Zeus and is his most trusted advisor due to her intellect and rationality. She never lets emotions cloud her judgment but she quarrels with Poseidon since he and one of her priest had to much fun in her temple thus making Medusa." He said flippantly leaving most if his peers looking at him in shock. A red head turned to him and smirked,"Well aren't you a nerd?" She hissed tauntingly, her braces glinted in the light and freckles were splattered lightly on her cheeks and nose. "Having the intellect to actually pay attention isn't nerdy. I'm sorry you have problems concentrating because you don't seem bright whatsoever. To make yourself feel good you humiliate others for being better than you, sorry you have a crappy life brace face. Now if you don't mind I'm trying to learn." He said loudly making everyone oh, her face turned red and she glared at him. Before she could speak another word a voice called out,"Perseus Jackson!" He turned to see a woman approach him,"Your language with Nancy was inappropriate, come with me. We need to have discussion." She growled. Percy narrowed his eyes at the woman in suspicion. "As lovely as that sounds, no thanks. I would like to engage in the conversations of mythology with Mr. uh..." Grover looked at him in disbelief,"Brunner." He whispered. "With Mr. Brunner," Perseus continued,"Now if you'd excuse me I have an education and I don't have time for you to cry about me sticking up for myself!" He roared, he used to be a proud general of the Titan army. Here no one feared him, no one respected him and that was about to change. He cursed the fates for not giving him the information to play the part of a pathetic twelve year old. Mr. Brunner looked at Perseus in shock,"Perseus, it is best you go with Mrs. Dodds. I don't want you getting kicked out of yet another school." He had never seen the boy control his temper around Nancy and it astounded him. The look of defiance and the intellect the black haired boy held surprised Mr. Brunner, something was different about him. Perseus scowled,"Fine but let's make this quick."