Percy had no friggen idea of what was going on. All he knew was that he died and now he was in this long line filled with dead people. He sighed as he ran a hand through his hair, disquietude washed over him as he fiddled with his thumbs nervously. He had to have some way to grasp who he was in rebirth. He needed to remember, but how? It seemed rather pointless dwelling on it but he was struggling to comprehend what he was going to do. What if he didn't make it to Elysium? He had done many bad things in his lifetime and at the moment he regretted them severely. He had also done some rather good things; he's risked his skin a lot, saved some people. He had also killed many as well. He felt sick to his stomach and clenched his fists. He had to get back to Artemis, that was his main priority, but how would he get there if he was damned in the fields of punishment? "Perseus Jackson?" He froze as he looked up to see three judges looming over him menacingly. One held a gavel and the other two sat by his side quietly. Percy hadn't realized it was his turn as he shakily walked up to the man. The man shuffled around some papers and looked at Percy in scrutiny. Percy felt like an ant under a microscope as the three assessed him and began whispering amongst themselves. This was probably the most terrifying moment in his entire life. His beatings from Lycaon, Artemis's wrath, and silver was mere child's play compared to this. He could heal after the beatings, he could smooth things over with Artemis, and he could survive some pain inflicted upon him by silver's hot touch. He couldn't redo this moment if he went to hell or beg for another chance because he wouldn't get one. This was his set destination and there was no turning back after this. His heart quickened in fear and his palms began sweating. He swiped them on his pants and wet his lips as he fiddled with the loop of his jeans nervously. The man, who he assumed was Minos, spoke up again,"You are a very curious case Mr. Jackson. We are currently trying to deem you good or bad." Like Santa,"I would like to hear your opinion on the matter to be fairly honest." He paused before holding up one of the papers to examine,"Ah I see." He mused before turning to his fellow judges and whispered to them quietly before fixing his stoic gaze back on Percy. Percy was currently panicked, what was he supposed to say? He didn't want to just say that he deserved Elysium, which would probably end up bad for him, but he really didn't want to say he deserved punishment. He decided to do the most logical thing, wing it, he cleared his throat before standing tall,"I know I have made many mistakes in my lifetime." He said truthfully, gods he'd have to milk it,"Like when I used girls to forget or killed that homeless man out of anger or caused many whom I love emotional distress." He paused briefly to wet his lips, what would Caesar say? The gears in his brain started to spin and his eyes lighted up as he opened his mouth to speak again,"But I have also done good things. Rescued Artemis from her burden, sacrificed my life multiple times for my friends, and despite my...personality I've made quite a few people happy. Then again I've wronged many." He looked Minos dead in the eye,"I cannot judge myself." He let his words set in before continuing,"It is impossible for me to do so. I will be biased and I see it's only fit for you to judge me, it's your job, and you'd have an honest ruling." He finished calmly but his palms were still sweating and his knees felt weak, his mouth was dry and his arms felt like they were held down by cinderblocks. He eyed the men as they began talking in hushed whispers again. Minos turned his attention back on the wolf, fingers crossed. "You have done some rather...horrendous things in your lifetime Perseus." Minos stated and Percy paled,"But...your most horrid crimes were under the influence of Lycaon and that Lyric girl. They had made you an entirely different person and your deeds under their sway has been exempt from being used negatively against you." He shuffled around more papers before letting out a sigh,"You are very lucky indeed Perseus, your good deeds just barely outweighed your bad ones. Congratulations." He said tiredly and Percy grinned widely. "Yes!" He whopped and leaped into the air in excitement. He had been cleared! Just barely but that didn't matter! He was good enough to stay away from the fields of asphodel; he would hate to be there, the place sounded bleak and boring. He then spoke up quickly before he was shooed away,"I would like to choose rebirth." He said confidentially and Minos sighed. "Are you sure? With your stellar streak of trouble it took a lot of reading in-between the lines to get you in the first time." He muttered and Percy had to refrain from rolling his eyes. "Positive." He affirmed and Minos gestured for one of the skeleton guards. As he led Percy away the werewolf grinned,"Hey, do you think when I'm reborn I can still look this attractive?" He asked jokingly and the guard looked at him with a blank expression. His eye sockets were a pitch black as he continued staring at him. He didn't stop his pace as he just stared at Percy making him soon uncomfortable. "Uh..." He muttered and the skeleton guard turned away from him. Percy frowned and looked around, it was damp and desolate, he heard the rushing of water and crouched down slightly. He felt unsafe here; the hairs on his neck stood on end and before he knew it a woman materialized in front of him. Percy jumped and threw a hard punch; he caught the woman in the face making her fly backwards. His eyes widened, he really had not meant to do that, she startled him. He heard the skeletons run towards him and point their guns at him. He looked at them in disbelief,"I'm already dead!" He cried but none of them moved making Percy roll his eyes,"You're all idiots." He muttered before looking around for the woman. "Uh lady? I'm really sorry I hit you! I didn't...I wasn't expecting you to just suddenly appear!" He called out in an attempt to make her come back. It was clear she wanted something. He had only gotten a mere glimpse of her but he could tell she was a goddess do to her stunning looks. "I...I really don't know what you were doing...but could you get these bone heads away from me?" He asked before he chuckled,"Bone heads." He muttered to himself,"Get it because they're...skeletons." He stopped when he realized he was talking to himself. He sighed in irritation as he held his hands up in surrender. "You should never hit a woman." A soft voice murmured and Percy turned around to see a woman in all white. She held an apple as she walked closer to him, she put her hand up in the air making the skeletons back up, she tossed him the apple and he caught it while frowning. He glanced down at it, the fruit looked extremely appealing, it was a light pink and he wanted to devour it then and there. But he stopped himself from the urge to pop it into his mouth, he didn't know this woman, he definitely shouldn't eat the apple. He then looked back up at her; she had beautiful black hair and soft brown eyes. His eyebrows knitted together in confusion, she looked miserable, while she smiled at him with that coy smile he could smell her depression, it looked like the underworld had just sucked the life out of her. Her skin was a milky white and it was flawless, she sauntered up to him and Percy just stood there dubiously. She didn't appear to be harmed by his punch much to his relief; seeing as he didn't have a good reason to hit her, he didn't like hitting chicks for no reason...he saved that for the men. The thought made him laugh inwardly, he wasn't that much of a brute. "I-I didn't mean to...I..you just appeared and-" He stopped before tilting his head to the side in realization,"You're Persephone." He looked down at the apple and snorted before turning away from her and chucking it. The apple hit the damp wall and exploded into chunks before falling onto the floor. He was not staying in the underworld for an eternity. No thank you. She smiled at him,"Yes. Perceptive of you." She walked closer to him before raising an eyebrow,"Tell me wolf, why are you so infatuated with my sister?" She asked and Percy frowned. "Your sister?" "Artemis." He stiffened, how had she known that? Had she spied on him? Read the judges papers about his life? He decided not to dwell on it, heck he didn't care if Apollo himself knew, he loved Artemis and that was all that mattered. He snorted,"Why do you gods even try? You can't even keep in mind you're family anymore." He shivered and made a face,"Your guys gene pool is all messed up. I mean your dad, also your uncle, had an affair with your mom, who is his sister! Hades is your uncle...ugh. Not to mention Artemis is also your cousin and sister! Do you have a preference on what she is to you?" He asked curiously before he rubbed his temples,"And don't even get me started on Uranus and Gaea! How did that even work?" He asked in confusion and Persephone rolled her eyes before silencing him with a glare. "I'm not here to talk about mating boy-" Percy chuckled,"You sound like a hunter." Persephone huffed at his interruption. She was merely curious as to why he was so in love with the maiden goddess. She also needed a favor from him. "Why are you infatuated with Artemis?" She asked again impatiently. Percy paused at the question. Why was he? Better question was who wouldn't be? She was strong, independent, beautiful, an excellent fighter, smart, annoying, overbearing, easily angered, stubborn. His lips tugged into a small smile, she was perfect for him, the whole opposites attract thing is stupid. They were so similar causing most of their arguments and fist fights, but he had this undeniable attraction towards her defiance, towards her anger, towards her heated words meant to strike fear in the heart of any male. But it wasn't just her violent attributes that made him so upbeat when she was around. He enjoyed when she would smile at him, the way her bright eyes would light up and the cute dimples that adorned her face. He liked when she would call him names out of fondness or taunt him before teasingly kissing his cheek and bolting because she knew he would chase after her. He relished when she would wrap her arms around him and kiss him before pulling away and acted like his friend or like the kiss had never happened. Because she was rather simple. And he liked simple. She was blunt, honest, and tough enough to pick physical fights with him when he needed a good beating. Though he made her work for it. Maybe it was the smell of pine that filled his nose every time she was around making him happy because dang it she smelled awesome. She was a jerk, a moody, stubborn jerk that hit him all the time and vice versa. But that's what he loved about her. Goodness he sounded like a masochist. There wasn't much he disliked about the