Broken. The definition of broken is, past participle. That's what he felt like as he sat in the nearly pitch black Tartarus, it was damp and unbelievably hot...like hell. But that's where he was wasn't he? He was slowly losing the tiny shred of dignity he fought so hard to cling onto, he wasn't going insane, oh no. But having a century to really think clearly while an enemy constantly tortures you really opens ones eyes. Before he knew it he was holding grudges like a son of Hades, hating everyone who had caused him to be down here, he wasn't innocent, he wasn't crazy, he wasn't demented. He was angry. Insufferable darkness and unimaginable pain had given him...clarity...had given him purpose. As hard as it was to comprehend, each day he was thrown back in his muggy cell he would train, taking out all of his rage on the thick walls. Beating them until his knuckles were bloody and sore, doing push ups and sit ups as he devised a plan to escape. Hope had left him years ago, no, what fueled him was determination. To Hades with hope, it had only gotten him sentenced here. The black haired man coughed violently and blood spewed from his lips. His wrist burned from the harsh rope that rubbed roughly against them, his green eyes were dull and nearly lifeless as he looked up at his torturer. Pain wracked his body and he felt like vomiting, his shoulders were slumped and his head bent in resignation. "Come on Jackson! I'm just warming up! What has it been a century already? I mean, your nothing but a murderer, like me! Why grandson the apple doesn't fall far from the tree! Or maybe you would like to plead innocent?" The Titan sneered in feign interest, Percy remained silent. Kronos rolled his eyes,"Oh, being quiet? Think your tough Jackson?" He snorted before whipping out a knife, without hesitation he rammed it into the man's shoulder, Percy cried out in agony once the blade broke skin. Blood flowed freely down his bare chest and over his jagged scars. Kronos chuckled before slowly taking the blade out of his shoulder,"Are you innocent though? Killing someone doesn't seem like your kind of thing." Kronos murmured curiously, Percy ignored the excruciating pain he felt all over his body and looked up at Kronos. His voice was but a whisper,"No I killed him alright." His tone then dropped an octave and he spoke in a fierce whisper,"But it's only because I had to, because what he did was wrong and unjust. And soon I'll kill you, I'll make you fade. I swear on the Styx that I will kill you slowly and painfully." Kronos felt a shiver run down his spine, Percy's eyes were unnerving, they were a stormy green color that resembled a fierce hurricane. His jaw was clenched and despite his broken down look his eyes held that spark of determination, that spark of hatred that made Medusa's glare look like a grumpy kitten's in comparison. His hair was the same length, it only went a little past his ears, he was still toned for his time in the underworld only marred him and had no affect on his youth. Kronos felt slightly on edge before he put on his fearless façade,"And how would you get released? You think anyone cares for you? Even your own girlfriend thinks you are guilty! You're no vigilante! You're nothing but a pathetic hero who is always looking out for others! Well guess what? I broke you! Yes, I broke the hero of Olympus! The slayer of Kronos and a bunch of other titans! Your sixteen and you think you're invincible? Cuz your not." He hissed before grabbing Percy by his throat and hauling him to his cell, the demigod gagged before he was met with the force of a solid brick wall. He grunted before sliding to the ground, he welcomed the cold wall and floor; his body was always hot because of the physical torture and labor he had to endure everyday. He had learned to push past the pain; he had learned to fight through it because he knew he didn't deserve this. Percy was unbound and he remained still until his grandfather stalked away, leave it to Hades to put Kronos in charge if his punishments. What he did was apparently so wrong that Kronos got to laugh it up in Tartarus when HE was the one that killed thousands of mortals and demigods. Once the footsteps faded Percy slowly climbed to his feet, had he of just been thrown in the pit he wouldn't be able to see a thing, but this was his "home" now. His eyes had already adjusted to the darkness and he rolled on his back before doing a full sit up, one. Of course he wasn't fed here, two. No one cared about what happened to an alleged traitor, three. Of course he kept the working out to a minimum with the amount of injuries he's faced today, four. Running through fire while praying to not be burned severely, five. Being a target for bow and arrows, six. Trying to dodge cactuses unsuccessfully, seven. Being sliced and diced repeatedly by Kronos scythe, eight. He suddenly felt it, the raw fury of what's been happening to him for the past century, he jumped to his feet and slammed his fist into the prison wall to hear a loud crunch, he did it again and again and again until he couldn't feel his knuckles anymore. He wasn't going insane, he was holding on. He was holding onto whatever sliver of humanity remained in the caged demigod. He had been here long enough to know that rage powered him; rage gave him control of water and nothing else. He was getting out of here. He couldn't help but think of how accurate Kronos was, he was broken. He couldn't trust anybody nor would he be that loyal hero he once was when he finally escapes, because it's been a hundred years, and a hundred years in hell could break anybody. He paused once he heard the drip of water, a malicious smirk adorned his face and his hand shot out, the droplets of water flew to his hands and the sweat that covered his body surged forward and covered his finger tips, he glared murderously at he at he cell door before freezing he water in the shape of a large knife. He used the remaining water to heal his shoulder, he didn't bother with his face though it burned with pain at the beating he had gotten. He roughly grabbed the lock and jammed the sharp blade into the keyhole before giving a quick flick of his wrist. It snapped and he smirked triumphantly before slowly pushing the door open, he knew that he would be pursued on his escape of Tartarus but he didn't care for he was taking action now. He crept out and peeked around the corner, he could hear the titan's heavy breathing and excitement coursed through him as he slowly crept up to Kronos who's back was facing him. Faster then anyone could of comprehended Percy's hand flew up and grabbed Kronos face. He smothered the titan's mouth before driving the blade in his throat and yanking it out before repeatedly stabbing Kronos. The Titan flailed about trying to brake free but each stab wounded him severely, he hadn't even had time to rip himself from Percy's grasp before the demigod gave him quick yet deadly wounds to the face, chest, and neck. He could feel himself weakening and he let out a muffled scream in agony as the ice knife continued to cut his flesh. He hadn't of planned for Percy to be so strong, Percy's cell only had a large lock on it and the Titan of time had clearly underestimated the demigod. Percy had let his rage control him and he couldn't help but smile and laugh as he tormented his torturer. He knew there was no honor in the way he was killing Kronos but he didn't care, because he had been trapped here for years, and even though he wasn't insane he had let his anger and insanity take over him. Hope, love, and fear had done nothing but make him weak. But insanity and rage had led him to this moment. No longer was he kind, loyal Percy Jackson. Now he was ruthless, and craved nothing but justice. He released the Titan who fell face first onto the ground,"It appears my oath HAS been fulfilled." Percy spat venomously, Kronos let out a soft groan before blowing up into golden dust and vanishing. He let out a ragged breath before looking around, had he of known he would be thrown in here for serving justice he would of stayed on Calypso's island, his biggest what if. He clutched his knife tightly, this is what he's been training for, an escape from Tartarus. Not only would he have to escape here but the underworld as well, Hades would be after him and the thought made him scowl. He ran quickly through the depths of hell, his bare feet slapped the pavement and he felt nerved at the loud hisses from monsters and evil beings trapped with him. He quickened his pace, he could feel several sharp stones plunge into his feet but he ignored it, but every step was hurting him. Every step made another sharp stone dig into his foot and he hissed, he froze once a large Minotaur stepped in his way. Percy felt rage overcome him again and didn't give the beast a chance to move before he leaped on him and stabbed him in the head, the monster roared and fell to the ground. He leaped off of the monster not bothering to watch it reform since it was already in tartarus, his knife was starting to melt, he was losing energy. He growled and tossed it to the ground once he felt it melting, he was near the entrance when he heard a angry shouts and roars behind him. He cursed and leaped up on the wall, he began climbing out of the abyss, each stone he grabbed caused him immense pain, tartarus was trying to keep him in. He felt as though he was burning alive, a feeling he knew all to well. He held in his screams of pain and felt his muscles scream in protest as he pulled himself upwards, he wouldn't fall down with the hordes of monsters who wanted him dead, he was to strong for that. He felt his fingers brush over the edge of the top of the abyss and he felt himself shaking. With a final tug he lifted himself up and laid on the ground, he was breathing heavily and let out a small laugh of relief before sitting up. Sweat made his jet-black hair cling to his forehead, he felt hot and sticky but he couldn't get over the fact that he had finally escaped. Ironically Kronos had somehow trained him to escape the place, being constantly burned really toughens a guy. He had fought for this, and now...he didn't know what to do. Going to Camp Halfblood would be a waste of time; Annabeth had deserted him like the rest. The thought saddened him, he pushed the beautiful blonde out of his head and tiredly stood to his feet, she should be dead by now. "Well Percy, I must say that was awesome." The demigod whirled around to see a grinning son of Hades. Percy stiffened,"How are you still alive?" He snarled angrily before wincing at the pain all over his body, Percy was shirtless and wore ripped and tattered jeans. His scars were horrifying to look at but Nico kept his gaze calmly on his friend's eyes. "It's only been a year Percy." "No, it's been a