"Looking good, Potter." Harry swivelled around at the sound of the all-too familiar drawl. "Malfoy!" Draco Malfoy was leaning against a shower stall in all his bare, blond glory, clad in nothing but a towel that he'd slung loosely around his waist. Harry swallowed hard and tried not to blush but, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't keep his eyes from roving downwards. "It's all right, Potter." Yup, there was the characteristic smirk, too. "Look all you want, I don't mind. I rather enjoy the view myself. You've made an effort to keep fit, I see." Malfoy stepped closer, extending a hand to lightly touch Harry's broad shoulders. Harry's mind was racing as he tried to come up with a witty answer. What kind of game was Malfoy playing? Why had he stayed behind until the two of them were alone in the showers? Two months ago, Ron had called Harry to tell him about the Quidditch match planned for their ten-year class reunion. "Two teams, each mixed from all the houses. Just for old times' sake, you know?" Harry had been just as enthusiastic as his friend. This had been the perfect opportunity to meet all the others again and to relive the good times they'd had. Much better than just sitting around and talking. It hadn't come as a big surprise when he and Malfoy had ended up as the seekers of the two opposing teams. As a matter of fact, it had been exhilarating to face his old rival again. When he'd stolen away the Snitch right from under Draco's hands, he had felt the same triumph he had back at school. For all that they'd outgrown their childish quarrels by now, some things would never change. After the match, Harry had found excuses to take his time in the showers, relishing the memories evoked by the familiar smells and sights, dreaming of the past while the others had already gone off to celebrate. It seemed he wasn't the only one. Malfoy's hands slowly traced his collarbone, and Harry's breath hitched. At such a close distance, and with nothing but their towels between them, there was no way to hide his body's reaction, and it made Malfoy's grin widen even further. Though he himself was by no means unaffected, Harry couldn't help but notice. "Granger is bloody gorgeous, too." Malfoy's silky voice had him hypnotized, or at least it was the only explanation Harry had for why he didn't turn and walk away. Malfoy chuckled. "Funny that the two of you should have discovered your feelings for each other after all this time. Though, really, I'm just glad she didn't end up with Weasley. He would have been in way over his head." "Yeah. Funny," Harry croaked in agreement, because really, there was nothing else to say. Draco's analysis was spot on. Ron and Hermione had lasted for all of two weeks after their final exams. After one particularly epic quarrel involving lots of shouting and wand-waving, she had disappeared without leaving an address. Both Ron and Harry, who had feebly tried to defend his best friend's point of view, had been taken by surprise by the extent of her fury. Later, they had learned that she had moved to Paris, of all places. To be honest, Harry hadn't been sure they would ever see her again. Ginny and he hadn't fared much better, much to her mother's chagrin. She was engaged to be married to a bloke from the ministry now. Decent chap, from what Harry had heard. Ah, well. They had all been much too young, really. And wasn't it silly, the way everyone had expected those teenage romances to last a lifetime? Yet, when he had run into Hermione again, two years ago, they had both known immediately that this was it. They had been all over each other from the moment they'd met, in a Muggle bookshop close to Diagon Alley, and they had hardly been apart ever since. Ron had been mad at first, but eventually he'd come around. "So, what do you say, Potter?" Draco's face was right before Harry's now, so close he could feel the other man's breath on his skin, so close he was drowning in those cool, grey eyes. "Would you and your charming girlfriend consider coming to my place tomorrow night? For... dinner?" Without waiting for an answer, Malfoy crossed the distance between them, catching Harry's lips in a kiss. It started out slow, almost tentative, but turned frantic at shocking speed. Before he knew it, Harry found himself pressed hard against Malfoy, cupping his ass through the thin towel, moaning into his mouth as their erections rubbed against each other. He was dizzy with arousal, more than ready to take this further, when Malfoy suddenly let go of his lips and took a step backward, breathing heavily. "Well?" Draco tilted his head to the side, smiling with just a hint of malice. "Will you come?" Harry's throat was almost too dry to speak, but he nodded. "I'll talk to her." "Good. Send me an owl." With a final flash of his teeth at him, Malfoy was gone. Harry leaned back against the wall, willing his erection to subside. "Merlin!" This reunion had just taken a completely unexpected turn. Unexpected, but by no means unwelcome. Hermione yawned and stretched, wiggling out of her dress and kicking off her shoes. The reunion had been lots of fun. It had been interesting to see what had become of the others. Some had stayed around, found ministry jobs, built houses. A few were even married with kids already. Hermione made a face at her reflection in the mirror as she shook out her hair and reached for her brush. She was so glad she'd taken the leap and gone abroad for a while. Nothing like being on your own in a foreign city to widen your horizons. She smiled dreamily at some of the memories of her four years in Paris… Those French wizards had definitely been worth a closer look or two. "'Mione?" Harry popped his head around the corner, eyeing her appreciatively while struggling with his tie. He looked flushed and happy, and he'd definitely had one or two drinks too many tonight. It was a good thing she had stayed sober enough to apparate them both home to the tiny London flat they shared. "What is it?" She rose to walk over to him and began to gently free him from the tie. To her surprise, he seemed a little nervous when he spoke. "I… We have a dinner invitation for tomorrow, actually." She raised an eyebrow and began to unbutton his shirt, slowly and deliberately. "Who from?" Harry swallowed, and she noticed he was avoiding her gaze. "Draco Malfoy." "Who?" She wasn't entirely sure she'd heard right. "But why would he-" "Well, that's it, you know." The words were tumbling from Harry's lips in a rush now, the way they did when he was nervous about something. "He… may have something more than dinner in mind." "Something more… Oh. Oh!" Hermione chewed her lip thoughtfully. They had talked about this, once, when they were sharing their favourite sexual fantasies. A third person in the mix… They had both admitted it would be exciting, but had agreed it would be hard to find a suitable candidate. "What makes you think that?" Harry actually blushed. "Well, he told me how good we both looked. He was quite charming, really. And then he... He kissed me. In the showers, after the match." "Merlin!" Hermione felt her eyes widen. "Did he really? And, did you like it?" Harry didn't reply, and he was still avoiding her gaze, but she knew him well enough. There was a faint flush on his neck, and when she moulded herself against his body, her suspicions were confirmed. If even the memory of that kiss was enough to turn him on like this… "You want to go." Harry's hand travelled down her naked back, pulling her even closer. "Yes. But, do you?" She shivered under his touch, closing her eyes in pleasure while she considered her answer. If nothing else, she was curious. Would Malfoy really make a move? And, what would it be like to have them both? She truly enjoyed sex with Harry, so it wasn't as if he couldn't satisfy her. Yet, there was no denying that Malfoy was damnably attractive, with that lithe, slender body of his, and those lovely grey eyes… He had been a pain at school, but she was no longer the girl she'd been back then, and he had changed more than any of them. Besides, it was kind of a triumph, if Malfoy wanted her now, after all those snide remarks about her looks… "Yes." Having made up her mind, she met Harry's gaze without flinching. "Let's do this. We'd never forgive ourselves if we passed up this kind of opportunity." Harry didn't answer, but the shudder that went through his body at her reply told her more than a thousand words. Picking her up in his arms, he carried her over to their bed with ease. When he dropped her onto the sheets and reached for his belt buckle, a look of single-minded focus on his face, she couldn't hold back a happy moan. This promised to be an exciting night. Dinner at Malfoy Manor turned out to be a surprisingly enjoyable affair. The food was delicious, the wine exquisite, and Draco was a charming and impeccably polite host. Yes, Harry found he was having a splendid time. Hermione, too, from what he could tell. Fondly he watched her discuss the current political situation in wizarding Britain with Malfoy. She was so beautiful like this, her face flushed and animated, her eyes flashing fire. Her hair flowed freely over her shoulders and her curves were perfectly accentuated by her short black dress. Harry was immensely proud of her, and the heated looks Malfoy shot her only served to heighten that feeling. "So, what do you say?" Draco got to his feet in an elegant, fluid movement. "Would you like a tour of the house? It's been extensively renovated since my parents moved out." "Sure." Hermione allowed him to take her hand and help her up, smiling when he lifted it to his lips. He surprised them both by turning her hand around at the last moment and breathing a kiss on her wrist. Hermione shivered visibly, and Harry felt an odd stirring of… jealousy? No, not quite. Arousal, definitely, and a strong urge to be a part of what was happening between them. Draco's eyes flickered back and forth between the two of them, and the corners of his mouth turned up in a wicked smile. "Come on. I'm quite proud of how the place turned out." He led them through several tastefully furnished rooms, and then up the stairs. Harry had to admit that Malfoy Manor looked a lot less stuffy and palatial than he remembered it. There were a few select pieces of modern art, which made Hermione squeal with delight, and of course she loved the library. "And here we are. End of the tour." Draco ushered them through a door into what was quite unmistakably the master bedroom. A large bed dominated the space. Hermione walked toward it, her hips swinging seductively. Malfoy let the door fall shut behind him with an audible thud, leaning against it and watching them both, his grey eyes clear and intent. When Hermione turned around, she looked uncertain. "What now?" Draco smiled. "Whatever you want." Slowly, he advanced toward her, stopping when he was right in front of her, and glancing at Harry, a question in his eyes. Harry nodded, once again tongue-tied. Still moving at a careful pace, giving her lots of time to pull back if she wanted to, Draco bent down to kiss Hermione. The moment their lips met,