The Hobbit Sisters A Lord of the Rings Fan-fic By Cassidy Evans Hi everyone! This one isn't by me. I have a friend who doesn't have a Fan-Fiction Profile so I offered her to post it on mine. I'm so nervous and excited and scared! I hope you enjoy because she's a great writer! A Long Expected Party "Violet!" Violet Cotton heard a loud almost obnoxious voice call out to her through the fog of sleep that seemed to almost hold her captive. "Violet!" She moaned and rolled over in her comfortable bed; trying to escape the noise when someone stomped on over and yanked the covers clean off of her making her jolt upward in surprise. "Hey!" She cried, glaring at her 'assailant' who turned out to be none other than her older sister Rosie. "What is it? What did I miss?" "Breakfast, and nearly second breakfast as well. I told you it was a bad idea to tag along with those rascals on their little expedition last night. You've already slept most of the morning, and it's high time you got up. We've got a lot to do before we can get ready for Bilbo's party tonight, and I know you don't want to miss out on that." Rosie explained her voice a bit softer now though clipped with impatience to Violet's ears, as she handed her sister a plate full of her favorite foods. "Thank you." Violet replied, nodding her head in acknowledgement of her kindness, though she was honestly the tiniest bit annoyed at the comment about her outing with Merry and Pippin the night before. They were two of her best boy friends in the entire world (Merry in particular, though you could hardly separate the two), and the three of them, along with her three other best friends Ebony (Pippin's little sister), Aquamarine, and Jessamine (though not as often) were notorious for their pranks. In fact they had actually been setting up their latest masterpiece late into the night, and its target was standing completely unawares right in that room. Though that prank was nothing in comparison to what the five of them (Jessa was sadly not included) had planned for that night. "What is it exactly that we have to do today? I thought we took work off at the Prancing Pony for the specific reason of Bilbo's party." She continued, trying to hide her sudden smirk as she took a big bite out of her mouthwatering second breakfast. "Yes, but Papa and the boys still need our help around the farm." Rosie responded, her tone now back to its normal gentle and un-reproaching tone. "Besides I want to get there early. I can't wait. Do you think Sam will ask me for a dance?" She asked her face positively lighting up at the prospect, while Violet's heart seemed to sink to the bottom of her furry toes. All her guilt at picking on or resenting her older sister automatically faded away as she thought about Samwise Gamgee, their longtime family friend, and her secret crush since childhood. She had always looked up to Sam for his kind and gentle spirit, and it wasn't long for that admiration to turn into love. But of course it simply wasn't meant to be. For Rosie liked Sam too. The only difference being Sam actually liked her back. And what's more she couldn't blame him. Everyone loved Rosie. She was the pretty one after all with her long golden curls and bright baby blue eyes, in comparison to Violet's short light brown waves and stormy blue eyes. It was nearly impossible to try not to compare them, and over the years the resentment had begun to steadily build in her heart though she knew Rosie had never intended for such a thing to happen. "Undoubtedly." She muttered under her breath, shoving the last bite into her mouth before scrambling to her feet and reaching for the clothes someone (most likely her mother) had laid out for her and hurrying to the bathroom to change. "Guess I'd better go get started on my chores though. Oh and Rosie. Do you think you could do me a favor and get Jessamine's book for me? I think I left it out behind the barn yesterday when Merry and Pippin came over." "Alright, though you really should be more careful, especially when you borrow other people's things." She agreed her tone still sweet despite the reprimanding tone, but the damage was already done and she was not about to back out. "Yes, I know. Thank you." She replied in her own sugary air, as she closed the bathroom door and began to change. "Ahhh!" She heard a shrill voice scream in the distance just as she was exiting, and a small chuckle escaped her lips. "VIOLET!" Meanwhile Jessamine Greenhand lay on a sturdy branch in one of her favorite tree's utterly absorbed in her latest book. She gasped jolting upright as the villain stabbed at the hero catching him off guard and casting what should have been a fatal blow, and she actually fell out of the tree in the process. "Ah!" She shrieked until she landed in a bush not far from where her best friend Frodo was sitting. His eyes widened in surprise, as he put down his own book and rushed over to help her up, though they began to twinkle with mirth as he realized what had happened. "Hello Jessa. Nice of you to drop by." He teased chuckling to himself and making her blush a slight pink that seemed to contrast nicely with her hazel eyes, as she reached to brush a few leaves from her own light curly brown hair that reached to just past her shoulders. "Thanks. Guess I'll have to make a point of doing so more often. Only next time, could you do me a favor Frodo, and try to catch me?" She replied, shoving him playfully and the two laughed together until they heard a familiar and beloved voice coming from down the road. Their eyes met, and with huge grins, they leapt to their feet and began running in its direction as fast as their legs would carry them. Sure enough there was a little old man driving a horse drawn cart filled with fireworks coming up the road his face hidden by the brim of his tall bluish grey hat. "The road goes ever on and on, down from the door where it began. Now far ahead the road has gone. And I must follow if I can." He sang until Frodo stepped forward and interrupted him. "You're late!" He accused with his arms crossed over his chest, Jessamine adopting a similar position from her spot beside him. "A wizard is never late, Frodo Baggins. Nor is he early. He arrives precisely when he means to." The old man replied as he stopped the cart and turned to slowly gaze upon the two hobbits an emphatic expression on his face. It didn't last long and all three of them were laughing before Frodo had launched himself into the cart and was giving him a hug. "It's wonderful to see you Gandalf!" "Yes." Jessamine agreed following suit. "We've missed you so much!" The great old wizard chuckled as he hugged two of his favorite hobbits in the world. "Ooh! You didn't think I'd miss your Uncle Bilbo's birthday?" He asked and the two grinned up at him in response as they took their seats on either side of him and he started the cart in motion once again. "So how is the old rascal? I hear it's going to be a party of special magnificence." "You know Bilbo. He's got the whole place in an uproar." Frodo informed him as he shook his head, smiling with pride in his favorite relative. "Well, that should please him!" Gandalf mused chuckling to himself. "Half the Shire's been invited. And the rest of them are turning up anyway." Jessamine continued explaining, and that got the rest of them laughing again as they came up to Hobbiton. "To tell you the truth, Bilbo's been a bit odd lately. I mean, more than usual. He's taken to locking himself in his study. He spends hours and hours poring over old maps when he thinks I'm not looking. He's up to something." Frodo said his voice taking on a concerned tone, yet Gandalf did his best not to take notice of it, avoiding looking at either of the hobbits. "All right then keep your secrets." "Hmmph." Gandalf sniffed at the implication, though none of them were fooled. "But I know you have something to do with it." Frodo accused his smile returning, perhaps not as heartily as it had before. "Good gracious me!" Gandalf protested lightly. "Before you came along we Bagginses were very well thought of." He continued sounding quite proud of the fact. "Indeed?" Gandalf asked in a mock incredulous/curious tone. "Never had any adventures or did anything unexpected." Frodo insisted quite matter of fact. "If you're referring to the incident with the dragon, I was barely involved. All I did was give your uncle a little nudge out of the door." The wizard replied vying for his innocence, but Jessa knew the story far too well than to believe that. "Whatever you did, you've been officially labeled a disturber of the peace." She told him grimly, though in all honesty it was one of the things she'd admired most about him. "Oh really?" He asked turning to look at a hobbit man whose house they were passing. He was glaring at the three of them as if they were all great troublemakers, Gandalf for obvious reasons, Frodo and Jessamine by association. He didn't have long to dwell on this before a group full of young hobbit children came rushing out into the street after the cart calling, "Gandalf! Gandalf! Fireworks? Gandalf!" Before sighing in disappointment as he seemed to pass by without even acknowledging their requests. Just then a bunch of small fireworks lit off the back of the cart and into the air as if by magic, and they all began to squeal with utter delight. "Gandalf, I'm glad you're back." Frodo said as both he and Jessa leapt from the cart and began to walk off down the hill side by side. "So am I, dear boy! So am I." They heard Gandalf muse almost nostalgically behind them. "Well what do you want to do now?" She asked him before they had gotten too far, and he merely shrugged in response. "I'm not sure. Where is everyone?" He asked in return, though he seemed to be deep in thought about something else, and she wondered if he was still worried about Bilbo. She could hardly blame him. She had noticed the oddities too, having spent as much time over at Bag-End as she possibly could. It actually hadn't proved that hard seeing as Frodo was her best friend, and she was Bilbo's assistant gardener, under her cousin (or so they called each other seeing as they were closely related and this was the easiest term) Sam. "Well Violet's probably finishing up a few chores at home, Mina's either working down at the mill or whatever other odd job she could find, and who knows what Merry, Pippin and Ebony are up to." She responded and the two shared a knowing smile as they thought of all the different kinds of mischief those three could be brewing at that very moment. Heaven knew they had something big planned for the party that evening, while exactly what neither of them could be absolutely sure of. "What about Sam? Did he tell you his plans?" He asked and she immediately stopped in her tracks, eyes going wide as she thought of her beloved cousin. "Sam!" She gasped. "Oh bother! He was going to do some work in Bilbo's garden this morning, and I