Rooted So I've had this sitting around in my brain for some time now and decided to finally get to writing. My life has been insane so it has been nice to just sit down and write. This will be a Peeta x OC fic and will be starting from the beginning of the 74th Games. Hope you'll guys stick with me. Well I won't blab on, enjoy. I do not own the Hunger Games or anything to do with it but the original characters in this fic are all me. As a little girl I held a deep admiration for birds, I loved everything about them. Their calls and cries was music to my ears and I so desperately wished to understand their language. I would have given anything to know their native tongue, but it was a special secret just for them. Colorful feathers were as good as gold and I treasured them so. Underneath my bed was a small chest filled to the brim with feathers of all shapes and sizes. Rarely did I remove them from their home in the chest, I was perfectly content with simply looking. Even as a child, I was aware of how delicate a feather was. One wrong touch and the silky texture would fray, ruining it forever. But what I adored most about birds was their ability to fly. I dreamed of growing a pair of wings and joining them in the great big sky, soaring through the clouds without a care in the world. But as I grew older, as I left my childhood innocence behind and opened my eyes to the reality of the world. I realized why I've always regarded birds so highly. I envy their freedom. Birds aren't chained to the earth like me. Birds aren't bound to Panem like me. Birds aren't confined to the dense forests of District 7 like me. Birds don't live in fear of the Hunger Games like me. Birds are free to live. Unlike me. And now of all days, I feel more trapped than ever. It was easily the worst day of the year; Reaping day, and the gravity of it is felt by everyone. Parents feared for their children who in turn worried about their own lives. Which unfortunate souls would be called up this year? A soft knock came from behind my bedroom door and my mother pokes her head in. "Are you ready to go?" she asks, her voice soft and sullen. I'd have to be blind to miss the puffiness of her skin and the faint redness staining the whites of her eyes. This day is especially hard for her; for all of us really, but it affects her the most. Reaping Day is a constant reminder of the son she'd lost for the Capitol's entertainment. I don't remember much from those games, I was so young when they happened. I didn't realize the gravity of Reaping Days, didn't understand why my older brother Ashe was on tv; I thought he'd become a celebrity, and didn't t he would never be coming back to us. It wasn't until I heard my mother's heartbroken scream after seeing my brother be impaled by a sharp spear, that I realized something was truly wrong. That year we quietly grieved as the pretty blonde girl from District 1 was crowned victor of the 64th Hunger Games. Ten years have passed since Ashe died and we've never truly recovered from it. Sure, the sadness eventually faded away but we were left with an emptiness that could never be filled. I could see my mother's sunken shoulders, see the fear hidden behind her big brown eyes, I could never possibly imagine the demons that tormented her today. My typically powerful and proud mother had been reduced to a sad quivering woman, but I could never blame her. Ashe was sixteen when he'd been reaped and now that I was sixteen, she feared we would share the same fate. That out of hundreds of names, mine would be the one pulled from the big glass jar. Her paranoia is rubbing off on me, all morning I've been pacing my room trying to ignore the fear that has festering in my chest since I woke up. She looks at me anxiously and I offer her a small smile, it's all I can really do right now. I'll be strong for her, I have to be. "I'll meet you downstairs in a second mom, just got to put shoes on." She shoots me another sad look before finally leaving, I don't get off my bed until I hear her footsteps on our creaky stairs. Slowly I stuff my feet into worn leather boots and throw my hair into a loose knot at my nape. I'm trying to stall for as long as possible, but I can only smooth out my dress so many times. I've finally run out of excuses. I steel myself for the worst and leave the safe haven of my room to greet my family downstairs. Four sets of eyes stare at me, all of them sharing the same sorrowful gleam. My father holds my mother close, comforting her as much as he can. Gedeon and Lennox; my oldest twin brothers, stand by the mantle with their arms crossed over their chest. I know they're all nervous for me, but I really don't like how they were all staring. It's making me uncomfortable. "I'm ready to go." I say, my voice firm. I quickly flee the cabin before my voice has the chance to waver and crack. No need for them to see through my tough girl facade. We walk to the center of town in near silence. There was a word or two muttered by my brothers, but the sullen mood that had fallen over my family stifled any conversation. My palms are sweating profusely and my heart is racing a hundred miles a minute, I'm positive it's going to burst through my rib cage. Now wouldn't that be a sight to see? As we approach town square, my father quietly pulls me aside while Gedeon and Lennox usher our mother to one of the numerous viewing stations. I stare up at him and and immediately feel my eyes tingle with tears. My father is a large stocky man; years of working with lumber kept him strong, and he even sports a thick beard typical of a lumberjack. He's an 'actions speak louder than words' kind of man, I can count on one hand how many times I'd heard him say 'I love you' to me or my brothers. But he works himself to the bone to provide for his family, doing anything and everything in his power to keep our bellies full and a stable roof over our heads. When Ashe died, a piece of him died too. Unlike the rest of us, he didn't allow himself to fall into a pit of despair. He carried on and became the pillar of support we desperately needed. I didn't have to hear him say it to know he loved us. He reminds me of a big overprotective bear. And I'm his adoring little cub. My throat begins to constrict as tears threaten to fall. No, I will not cry. I will not cry. I will not cry. "How're you doing Little Sprout?" he asks. Oh of course, he just had to pull out the childhood nickname. My bottom lip trembles as the walls I've spent all morning building up start to crumble. "I'm okay." I croak. He simply throws an arm around my shoulder and pulls me towards him in a warm comforting embrace. I press my face into his chest and try to discreetly rub my tears into the soft flannel of his shirt. "It'll be okay," he leans back after a moment to look me square in the eye, "you'll be okay so there's no need to cry." I untangle myself from his arms and rub my running nose with the back of my hand. "I wasn't crying, I just got something in my eye." "That's my girl," I wince as he claps me hard on the back, "this was supposed to be a surprise but uh, your mother baked you a cake for tonight, to celebrate another safe year." "Now I've got something to look forward to, thanks dad." We hug one final time before going our separate ways. Checking in is quick and for the most part painless. The Peacekeepers prick my index finger, cross me off a long list of names, and corral me into what can only be called a pen with the rest of the sixteen year old girls of District 7. I immediately feel a sharp poke in my ribs and turn just in time to see Fern Dessinger dramatically falling towards me. Her body collides with mine and I catch her instinctively, I wish I'd just let her fall. Maybe then she'd know better than to throw herself at me. Fern and I have been friends since we were kids, I sat next to her in the school cafeteria where she proceeded to talk my ear off about the travesty of mixing plaid and stripes. We've been stuck with each other ever since. So I have no qualms with letting her take a fall or two. She'd always had a flair for the dramatic and of course today was no different. "Oh my dearest bird brained friend, I thought you weren't going to make it today." she wails, loud enough for everyone to hear. "I'd have to be brain dead to miss this." Literally. Everyone knows it's illegal to miss Reaping Day. Only the dying are allowed to skip out and even then they have to watch a live broadcast of the day's events from home. "And stop calling me that, you know I hate it." I say, shoving her lightly. Fern clicks her tongue and flips her long blonde hair over her shoulder. "I can start calling you a barbarian if you'd like. Because everyone knows it's rude to push." "Oh sh-" I'm interrupted by a sharp screech coming from the speakers of the Justice Building. Mayor Rothery cringes away from the microphone and taps it hesitantly before returning to his post. Fishing a crumpled sheet of paper from the breast pocket of his jacket, he clears his throat and starts into a long boring speech. He drawls on about Panem's origins, the Dark Days, the defeat of the rebelling districts, the consequential destruction of District 13, and the creation of the Hunger Games. I zone out just as he begins introducing our past victors. Fern elbows my side. "Who do you think is going to be picked?" "I don't know." "Hm, well I hope a twelve year old isn't picked. It's just so sad." "Everything about this is sad, it's just not fair. Why are we still being punished for something that happened a long time ago?" I say louder than intended. A few heads turn in my direction and I wave in apology. "By all means, talk loud enough for everyone to hear us." Fern teases. "You're annoying." "But you love-" Again we're interrupted. Apparently it's becoming quite the trend this Reaping Day. "Helloooooo everyone!" trills Clement Eversley in a high pitch voice typical of a Capitol citizen. Clement Eversley is the escort for District 7. It's somewhat entertaining seeing what he is going to show up in and this year he certainly did not disappoint. His flourescent yellow suit is hard to miss, his skin is as white as a sheet of paper, and his green hair is teased to ridiculous proportions. And… are those apples in his hair? He looks like a walking bowl of fruit, all bright and shiny. What a waste of perfectly good apples. I can't believe people in the Capitol actually wear stuff like that. All the frills and embellishments just get