Broken Chapter One The Storms He wept. Tear marks glistening when lightning struck. The clouds wept tears of their own, but made the ground mud like and hard to run on. Matters of grass were clotted between his bare toes. He had already twisted both ankles, but still he ran. His throat burned for water. Never before had he experienced such pain or desire for water. He wouldn't stop, but soon he might be forced to by his own body. It was a long way for a eleven year old to run. He knew where'd she'd be. Her favourite beach. A twenty minute walk if you knew the shortcuts, but finding his way in the pitch black of a winter's night. Especially in a storm, when you can barely take in your surroundings during the sudden bursts of light forking from the sky. Again he stumbled, but still he heaved himself on. This pain is nothing! He told himself. Nothing compared to the trouble she might be in. She's being slammed against rocks, yanked under water, and being thieved of air. Every limb is powerless against the wrath of the sea. This thought made him more determined to reach her in time. But he was tiring faster than the rain fell. He couldn't go on. A rock sliced his foot. He fell. Too numb to feel any serious pain, and clutching his pulsing foot, which was now flowing clear warm blood over his frozen toes, he started gagging for air. His chest rising and falling quicker with every breath; he could barely breathe. Help me , he screamed inside his head, since he didn't even have the energy to even mouth these simple words. He would never reach the beach. He had always known, but had never let the thought get to him, until now. He slumped onto his side, defeated Drenched in a horrible mixture of blood, sweat, mud and rain, he lay still letting the rain smother him, the thunder mock him, the lightning scare him and the wind still his screams. And then finally, he drained himself of hope, and let despair drag him into a coma like sleep. … Warmth tickled his face. His eyes flickered open immediately. Last night swamped his thoughts. His clothes were caked in dry blood and mud, his limps stiff from sleeping on the rough ground, and his lips cracked and throat peeling from lack of hydration. He rubbed his burning eyes, to try focusing them, they blurred for a moment, and then everything cleared. He was in a field of poppies, dandelions and pink daisies, all flopping about in the gentle breeze. It was hard to think that last night the air had been treacherous, and hard to inhale, but was now drifting into his nostrils and cooling his hurting throat. Everything looked so fresh and calm after the storm. The sort sunlight, glistening grass and pure skies, all seemed relaxed. Even the waves rolling out at sea looked smoother, after frolicking about in the storm, were now tired and wanted to sleep on the rhythmic sea. The sea! He thought. He screwed up his face and tugged at his hair. He had been right next to the beach when he'd fallen, but had been blinded by the night to realise he was right next to what he longed for! He hated himself right now. The only thing that made him want to continue to the beach was the thought she may still be there – alive. His heart ached as he stood up. Black shadows fogged his vision, and his head spun. He had stood up too quickly. Stumbling backwards, at the sudden loss of balance, he realised another problem: his foot. Pain had shot up his leg when he'd put weight on it, and now tears prickled at his eyes. Of course though, they wouldn't fall though, since he had no water left to cry. He looked down at his foot, and recoiled. It was covered in muddy blood, swollen, oozing with pus, and on the verge of turning blue. He croaked. He was trying to utter a single word - a name. The hope he had drained himself of last night, returned at the thought of her name. He would continue. Every step would be a challenge, and he would loathe himself even more if he winced at the pain. But he had to keep going. Where the land ended to give way to the frisky power of the sea, was only a few more steps, and then he would be at the beach. Staggering forward, in a rhythmic limb, he reached the cliff. It sloped gentle down. Normally this would be a joyful task for him, but with his limps objecting, and his foot throbbing, he struggled. He slipped, fell and stumbled from rock to rock, ledge to ledge, until he reached the warm soft sand. The tide was far up but going out, so the beach was small and his search quick. He instantly saw the bloody body. Completely forgetting about the pain in his foot, he focused on the longing in his heart as he started an uneven run towards the lifeless looking girl. "Scout!" He cried out. She didn't respond to her name. "Scout!" he now screamed, and quickened his pace. No, no, no, no! He thought as he reached and kneeled next to the body. Grabbing her small shoulders, he shock her gently. "Scout" He yelled, despite it hurt his throat. Over and over again, he screamed, shaking her harder now. She had cuts all over her; at least they were clean though. She was completely naked, with the whole of her right side a horrible black from bruising. His thoughts were clearly reality. She had been out at sea during a storm. The sea had robbed her completely. Letting go of her and he rested his forehead on her chest, crying, even though he had thought it impossible. "Scout." He whispered now, because he knew that if she could hear him, she would have replied. There had been no need to shout. No need to run so far. Or to cut his foot, hurt his throat. Or to sleep in a field, let alone bother hoping about anything. She had hurt him in every way possible by just lying there, not moving. And now he had every right to hate her for it. He screamed and cursed at her, kicking sand on her and pounding the ground next to her. He still had little respect left not to actually touch her body again, but let her go in peace. He gulped for air, between sobs. His heart was close to exploding. It felt as if someone had grabbed hold of his heart and was now destroying it. But he still hated her. He couldn't even bear looking at her anymore. He turned and ran to the other end of the beach. He started to beat the ground again. He couldn't think straight. His thoughts clouded with hatred. It felt as if he had lost everything, including his mind. All of a sudden he noticed a strange red splodge on the sand, and then another appeared right next to it. He then realized it was all over the back of his. He sat there for a while watching the little grains of sand being slowly drowned by redness. Finally he remembered what it was, the red liquid was blood -his own blood in fact ,from where he had been hitting the ground so hard the rough sand had torn and grinded away the skin on his knuckles. Common sense abruptly returned to him, along with a tingling pain on his knuckles, but he felt strangely calmer, but still his mind was fogged up. He decided to wash it to try preventing infection like his foot. He crawled towards the water, and waded in deep enough to submerge his hand and wrist completely. The salt stung, but felt good at the same time, and he watched as the water around him turned a murky red as the mud and blood washed off from his clothes. He watched in awe, but then the misty redness was dragged away by a wave. Come back , he thought stupidly, as he stood up and slashed towards the floating red patch, but his splashes had caused it to spread out into nothing. "Stupid water, stealing my blood." He muttered, but then jumped at the sound of his own voice. He had forgotten he could speak. You idiot , he thought, as he realized how stupid he'd just been. He took his frustration out on the waves. He kicked a couple, but more came. He waded out further so he could hit them, but still they came, one after the other, like an army of soldiers charging forwards. Nothing could stop them. They were a never ending surge. This annoyed him even more. Thrusting out with his hands, he beat, shoved and thrashed at the waves. "Go away!" He growled. But still they came back. Somehow this reminded him of something. A sudden rush of tears wielded up to his eyes again. He turned to face the body he had guiltily forgotten about, as his senses returned. "I wish you'd come back." Nothing. Ashamed of himself for losing his temper, he wondered over to the body, and sat down next to it, taking hold of one of her cold scabbed hands. "I shouldn't have screamed at you, or said those things. You're my best friend, and I should always treat you like one. I'm sorry. Just please come back." Gazing into the pale, though beautiful face that stayed motionless, he sobbed silently. Although her skin was white as ash, her lips were still blood red. Her tangled and sand matted dark her lay in wet clumps over what use to be a pair of blazing grey eyes, but were now sealed shut, and her eyelashes glued together with salt from the sea. He longed for those eyes to flash open, with that cheeky glint in them, along with her lips smiling, and her witty remarks. But her and her words were no longer there. He heaved himself away from his best friend's body, and walked away towards where he had pounded the sand. He stood silently, thinking about anything that would come to mind. His father would probably be looking for both of them right now, was the first thought. Guilt rose to his chest. Sorry Dad , he thought. Dad had cared for him when Mother had died from cancer when he was just three. He still had a few memories of her, but most were from pictures. His dad though was always there, loving, fair, and very generous. The boy felt more guilt rise. His father was so good to him, and how was he repaying him? By running off in the middle of the night. But he had had to run off. The girl who now lay motionless in her favourite place had been everything to him. He looked back across the beach, and remembered the day he'd first met her. Five years ago. The rain fell hard and heavy, drilling into the young boys back. Usually he would have the small protection from his school bag, but that was slung over his father's shoulder. He wanted to but didn't ask for it back, because he knew his father thought he was doing his son a kindness, by relieving him of the weight, so he could walk faster through this dreary weather. He didn't want to hurt his father's feelings. The wind howled, and bite at his ears, which were red with cold, he pulled his coat collar up higher. Seeing this motion, his father took off his scarf and wrapped it around his son, covering his ears. The boy smiled up gratefully at his father, who attempted a grim smile back. They had reached