I'm new to this, so no flame por favor? -Disclaimer: Pssh... no. The Token: Chapter Uno Its beautiful black coat gleamed in the sun, looking almost blue it was so dark. The little foal whinnied at me and I laughed, taking only a second to think before chasing after it out into the pasture. "What do they call you?" I asked the foal. It nickered, and maybe it told me its name, but I couldn't understand it. "Can I call you Freedom then?" The foal dipped his head. "So are you a boy or a girl?" I asked Freedom. The foal- Freedom, as I have named it- stood up to his full height. Freedom wasn't much taller than I, but it stared at me indignantly and puffed out its chest proudly. "So, you're a boy then?" Freedom dipped 'his' head in what seemed to be agreement. I giggled at him and he nickered back, almost like when my daddy laughed. Shaking off that thought, I replaced it with another as he stood up on his hind legs like the big horses in movies did. Freedom waved his hooves in the air and neigh ed. I laughed- he was the most fun I've had all day! "I've never been friends with a boy before," I told my new friend honestly. Freedom seemed to shrug in response, like he was saying "I've never been friends with a girl before". After a couple of seconds of just staring at each other, I decided I wanted to play a game with my new friend. Running as fast as I could through the pasture, I shouted back at Freedom, "Catch me if you can!" …. The sun was now finally setting on my birthday, when before it had been high above me and my friend. I stood rested against the big willow tree, the trunk bent just the way I needed it to be so that I could rest comfortably- this was my favorite spot. Freedom folded his beautifully black legs to lay down beside me. His muzzle was very close to my face now, instead of inches above me, and I reached a hand out to stroke it. Petting Freedom was like petting velvet, soft and smooth. Freedom seemed to watch me with curiosity as I moved my hand to his cheek, patting the black fur softly. He nickered as I smiled up at him, and he moved his muzzle into my hair. Blowing out through his nose, he nuzzled my blonde hair. I giggled at the show of affection. "Annabeth!" it was my step-mother's voice. I jumped at the sound of it and Freedom's ears pricked. "Annabeth, darling, where are you? I've told you not to go outside the gate without an instructor. Annabeth!" My step-mother was slowly coming closer to me and I slowly got on my feet. She couldn't see us, but she would be able to soon. "You're my very best friend," I told Freedom softly, kissing his cheek. Freedom brayed and nuzzled my cheek in response. "I won't forget you." Stepping back, I came to the realization I might not see him again. Quickly, I lift my necklace from around my neck. The silver owl glinted in the low light, and it was one of the last pieces of my real mother I had left. I smiled as the gorgeous grey stone eyes glittered back at me and I slowly lifted it up and over Freedom's head. He nickered as it rested against his breastbone. I looked back up at him and his hazel eyes stared back at me, before they shifted color. The green of his eyes was more profound, like when the sun glanced off the small pond in my backyard. "Now, you'll always remember me." I whispered. Freedom nods and I turn away, running in the direction of where my step-mother is calling me. But, just before I get to her waiting by an olive tree, I stop and wave back at Freedom. Yet instead of seeing my black foal, I see a young boy with raven hair waving back at me. My stepmother grabs my waving hand and chides me about running off as she tugs me back in the direction of my house. And I never saw Freedom again. I sit up in bed, trying desperately to catch the remnants of the dream. Something about a horse- a foal- and a young girl- me? Confused I shake my head and lay back down. I haven't seen head nor tail- no pun intended- of a horse since I was twelve. Which was six years ago. Really, I haven't see my farm since then either- no pasture, no riding, no nothing 'non-lady like' as the Madam of my school would put it. "Get up, girls! It's a new day!" Piper walked in the room, smiling sympathetically at us. "Up, up, up! We're learning dance etiquette! Remember, we've got that big ball coming up." Most of the girls get up at that. The male counterpart of our boarding school- The Olympian Academy for Civil Young Men- is joining us in three days for this ball that apparently will have a "huge" impact on our lives. Everyone in their last year here will have to attend- which is everyone in my flat. "Annabeth, get on up and dressed. We have class in fifteen minutes." It's Silena's voice from the bed next to mine and I sigh. Rolling out of bed, I begin to undo the braids that kept my hair in all night. Walking over to my vanity, I see that my dress has been laid out for the day. It's a simple white gown, with a gold sash around the middle. The sleeves are connected to the dress with a gold loop of metal, stretching out to cover my shoulder and then going to the back where it once again connects with a gold loop. The bottom is a breezy skirt that allows room for you to move. "You look stunning, Annie!" Thalia giggles from behind me. I roll my eyes at her as I put my curly blonde hair up in a ponytail. Putting in the gold hoops they'd laid out next to my dress, I rummage in my closet for a pair of white converse. I grin triumphantly, holding up the converse for Thalia see. She laughs as she pulls on her white button up and flowy black skirt. She pins her hair back with a golden barret that was given to her by her father. She hasn't seen him since. That's the story of most girls here. Their father or mother somehow disappeared or died tragically or normally and left them with some trinket that they never let go. Like my mother when she gave me her owl pendant necklace. But I lost it and I've tried remembering where it went but it's seems like my brain just shuts down whenever I try. "Let's go," I mumble tucking my bangs behind my ear and falling into step with the fifteen other girls. In my flat, we are all eighteen. Everyone one of us has been here since we were young- twelve- and have never moved. Most of us, including me and Thalia, don't even leave for the summer. Just stay here in Uptown New York. Of the fifteen of us here, I only talk to three of the girls. Piper, a pretty brunette who lost her mother in a freak car accident, Salena, a bright girly-girl whose mother ran off because she didn't want to stay with her father because he never paid her any kind of attention, and then Thalia- her brother attends the boy school and they both lost her father to an electrical fire. Piper, Silena, Thalia and I have been complaining about this ball- well, mostly Thalia and I. Piper and Silena have been pretty excited about it. Surprisingly. "Girls!" Miss Hestia smiled sweetly at all of us as she moved throughout our ranks. "I want all the taller girls with someone shorter." Grinning, Thalia looped her arm through mine. She pulled me towards the gleaming dance floor and we prepared ourselves to dance. "I hate this," we mumbled to each other at the same time. Both of us giggled, but stood up straight when the music began to play. Friday rolled around, the day before the ball. And we were outside- thank heavens. "I love it when they allow this," Silena said from my right, leaning back on her elbows and exposing her neck and chest to the sun. She was wearing a pale pink summer dress that went down to her knees and simple white flats. "I finally get to tan my super pale skin." I laugh at her, but I enjoyed the warmth to. "Yeah, well there's barely any warmth to get you anything Silena." She glared at me before going back to her to original task of basking in the rare warmth. Piper and Hazel were stretched out the way she was, eyes closed and letting the sun warm the skin. Thalia and I were sitting cross-legged next to them, playing poker- with chocolate. "Girls!" there were loud claps as we turned our heads in the direction of the shout. Clusters of girls began to form neat, straight lines behind the four different mistresses- the mistress of the freshman group, the mistress of the apprentice group, the mistress of the novice group, and then the mistress of our group- the goddess group. We trudged down the hill we were sitting on to line up straight and be completely silent, looking up at Mistress Artemis. "Heads straight girls, we're to head back to Mistress Hestia," most of the girls nod their confirmation, and we all keep silent. Our footsteps barely make a sound, even those in heels. Our hands are clasped in front of our dresses, polite smiles on our faces as we kept our focus straight ahead. When we walked into the dance studio, there were all the teachers inside sitting next to long benches full of fabric. "What's this?" the girl who asked was glaring angrily at some of the Mistresses, stringy brown hair up in a ponytail with a black dress that clung to her body tightly and a leather jacket over that. I'm pretty sure that the jacket was her token. "Clarisse, you will speak to us respectfully," Madam Hera glared down Clarisse who glared right back. All the girls held their breath, unsure of what would happen. "Yes madam," Clarisse finally backed down. "Thank you, now," she straightened out her beautiful chiffon dress and cardigan. "Now, today we're here to figure out what will look best on you." One girl raised her hand and Madam Hera nodded her head for her to ask her question. "Look best on us for what?" "The ball," she said. That made the room burst into a bunch of excited giggles and exclamations. I rolled my eyes and picked at my fingernails. Thalia fiddled with a tassel on her dress. "Now, I want Piper, Silena, Drew…" the girls were rattled off, each being assigned to a specific teacher. I knew who mine would be and waited for all the girls in Piper's group to be called. "I now want Annabeth, Maria..." I nodded and stepped up, looking for the woman always dressed in red and gold. There she stood, with her stormy grey-blue eyes, in her red and gold floor length dress watching us with curious eyes. When she caught me watching her, she raised an eyebrow. I shrugged and she smiled at me. Mistress Athena was a wonderful, witty and stubborn woman. She had rules, and she expected you to follow them, and when you did, you were well off. We normally had fun with her, hearing her stories of some of the other mistresses. The gossip we got made us laugh, but she made us promise to never repeat any of them as she didn't