The Slytherins dare Draco to ask Harry on a date. Only… Harry wasn't supposed to say yes. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. It's a Dare, It's a Date "…and when the first Cleansing Charm was used on a human being, the skin practically peeled off their body! Isn't that intriguing!" Hermione flounced alongside Harry and Ron on their way to lunch. Speaking of lunch, after hearing Hermione's lecture on the history of cleansing charms, Harry wasn't sure if he still had an appetite. "That's fascinating, Hermione, really," Ron assured their bushy haired friend, whose face immediately brightened. "I know! And several other victims of the original spell developed permanent boils on their skin, and when those burst, they sprayed acid that-" "Are you trying to ruin my appetite? Is this some kind of intervention, where you're trying to get me to eat less? Are you attempting to put me on a diet?" said Ron as food dropped from his fork and onto his plate, where is slumped depressingly. Harry chuckled lightly at the vision of misery on the ginger's face. Hermione's eyes widened in surprise "No! No no, not at all!" she brusquely stammered. "Your body is quite fine…just fine…" she trailed off, blushing madly as she ducked her face into her Charms book. Ron's face immediately flared as well, and his food now lay forgotten on his plate for another reason entirely. Knowing about their feelings for each other, Harry suppressed a grin as both parties turned a funny shade of pink. He sighed quietly to himself, wondering if he would be able to give them the final push they desperately needed and wanted. If they were holding themselves back because they were worried about what Harry would think upon being the new third wheel in their relationship, Harry needed to find a way to ensure them that he would be alright. He had six years of their friendship, and it wasn't going to go away just because Ron and Hermione started dating. Honestly, at this point the entire population of Hogwarts was jumping at every chance to shove Hermione and Ron into each other's arms. Gathering up his book bag, Harry quickly stood so as to hide his laughter from his love-struck friends. Hermione was busily trying to explain her words, accidentally switching 'fine' with 'fit', as Ron puffed his chest proudly. Harry pressed his lips together amusedly and moved towards the doors of the Great Hall, which had emptied considerably as class time approached, only to come face to face with Malfoy. Speaking of change. "What do you want, Malfoy?" Harry ran a hand down his face tiredly. Immediately, Ron and Hermione were at attention by his side. The remaining Gryffindors stiffened and an electric static filled the air as it commonly did before the two class rivals got into a row. Chatter quieted and heads turned in a blatant show of ignoring subtelty, curiosity burning behind the questioning stares of the students left in the Great Hall. For Draco Malfoy never approached Harry Potter without reason. Apprehension and excitement tingled in every nerve of Harry's body as he noted the rouging of Malfoy's alabaster cheeks. "Well, er, I was wondering if you would like to go the Hogesmeade with me this weekend," Draco winced as if forming the sentence physically hurt him. Harry's jaw dropped to the ground and his stomach flipped oddly, as if a thousand butterflies had developed the desire to be released from their tomb within him. They were evil butterflies, of course, as Harry would never feel anything other than disgust and hatred for the blond standing before him. So the evil butterflies wreaked havoc on their encasement- the poor, unsuspecting Harry- while beside him, Ron looked slightly green, and Hermione was glaring at Malfoy as if he had just called her Mudblood, not that he had just asked her best friend out on a date. "…What?" Harry asked in pure bewilderment, staring at the blond Slytherin standing before him. The words were quiet but rang loudly throughout the now silent Great Hall. Draco's cheeks mottled red under the emerald gaze and the blond twisted his hands in front of him. Harry almost breathed a sigh of relief as he realized that the boy was just as uncomfortable, if not more so than he was. "Please say no, it's a dare," Draco nearly begged, and Harry's eyes were drawn to a group of Slytherins behind Malfoy, who snickered rambunctiously in response. At that point, an evil, purely wicked idea formed in Harry's mind. A sly smile crept upon his features and Malfoy's eyes widened in horror. This may be the only chance, he realized, to get back at the blond in the way he yearned to. It would be Malfoy's punishment for making Harry's life a living hell for the past six years. Why not return the favor and give Draco a miserable day that he would never forget? A full blown, slightly maniacal grin swept across his face. "In that case, I agree. This weekend, it's a date!" Harry said uproariously, making Draco's face pale and Hermione and Ron stare at their best friend in bewilderment. Malfoy's Slytherin posse, which Harry could now see consisted of Theodore Nott, Blaise Zabini, Pansy Parkinson, and Daphne Greengrass, collapsed into giggles, and many had tears glistening in their eyes. Their laughter only increased upon seeing Draco's discomfort. Gathering what dignity he had left, Draco sniffed. "Right then," he voice was strained and his shoulders were taut. Harry rewarded himself a pat on the back for his brilliance. "I'll see you Saturday," Malfoy turned stiffly and shoved past his friends, face flaring with color as he rushed from the scene. Harry watched him depart with a grin, barely containing his anticipation for the weekend and his 'date' with the Malfoy heir. Despite the buzz of excitement surrounding each visit, Harry had never adored Hogsmeade. It had been enchanting in the beginning, a small magical village nestled away from the world providing a pleasant escape from the Hogwarts grounds. Yet the same shops aged alongside Harry, and though the town never lost its charm, Harry found himself losing his initial eagerness to visit. Regardless of that, Harry kept his cheerfulness throughout the rest of the week as he awaited the trip. An incredible amount of people had approached Harry about his supposed date with Malfoy, inquiring about his mental health, Malfoy's attractiveness, sexual tension- which Harry was convinced was non-existent- and their alleged newfound love. An astounding number of students exclaimed "It's about time!" with their hands thrown in the air. Harry wasn't quite sure what to make of that. He received numerous pats on the back at his cunning, and one to many catcalls whenever Harry and Draco passed each other in the corridor. Malfoy never failed to glare at him with unadulterated hatred- if looks could kill, Harry should have been six feet under days ago. Not everyone was elated with the recent development between the two enemies. As expected, his two best friends were far more curious than content, and he was given more than one warning about watching out for Malfoy, including Ron's wise words on the matter, "because you never know what the slimy git has up his slimy sleeve." Yet he didn't let Ron or Hermione's pressing questions ruin his fun. He knew they were partially concerned for his sanity when he had accepted Malfoy's gracious invitation, and were somehow doubting his motives. Harry shook his head to himself- he was going to annoy the Slytherin prat into the next century, and no one was going to take his joy from it. Students pushed past him and the bustled through the narrow street. Their chattering voices bounced animately around the chilly October air as they enthusiastically pointed out Halloween themed goodies on display in the shop windows. Cobwebs and toads stuck to the glass while enchanted jack o' lanterns sang eerie tunes from their perch on the shelves. Scanning the crowd, Harry found no Malfoy in sight. Silently, he cursed the blond for making him wait. He absently wondered if the boy had decided to give in to his survival instincts and bail. But Harry had seen the spark in Malfoy's eye, and knew that he couldn't back down from a challenge with Harry, as his pride lay on the line. He finally spotted bright blond hair winking at him through the throng of people. The corners of Harry's eyes crinkled with amusement as the blond stormed over to him, seeming to bring a dark cloud with him. An eyebrow raised in question as Harry took in the Malfoy heir's appearance. He was polished as usual, every article of clothing immaculately placed and each piece of hair carefully styled to pull off the messily perfect look. "Ah, I see you put in an effort for me," Harry said in regard to his appearance as Malfoy approached him. It was odd, but for a moment, it actually sounded like Malfoy growled. Laughing at his antics, Harry put out his hand and beckoned for the blond to come closer. Slowly, Malfoy slid up to him, eyeing Harry with wearily. He nervously checked his surroundings, and Harry had to gape at how many people were already noticing the interaction between the two school rivals. Ignoring the attention, the brunette turned back to the blond. "Where to, pumpkin?" Harry couldn't suppress the large grin of amusement that spread across his face. Malfoy swallowed thickly, eyes watching their classmates roam around them in the snow instead of looking at the raven haired boy beside him. "We could go to the Three Broomsticks, but that's a bit crowded, or Madam Puddifoot's if you're into that kind of thing I guess…" Draco trailed off uncertainly when Harry snorted. "Or we could just, you know, walk." The boy scuffed his shoe on the ground, scraping it against the rocks. "You're not very good at this, are you," the Gryffindor stated, peering at the blond in delight through his glasses. Draco's eyes narrowed into slits. "You weren't supposed to say yes," he hissed, and Harry threw his hands up in defeat. "Okay, okay. You lead the way…pumpkin." Draco growled and stomped off down the road, Harry following close behind him, laughing merrily. This was going to be a fun day. The unlikely duo ducked into shops, artfully dodging outright stares and Colin Creevy's eager camera lens. Harry was enjoying dragging the grumbling and complaining Malfoy around. He tried to take Malfoy's hand from time to time but the other boy kept snatching it away with a growl. Harry took an excruciating amount of time to point out small gifts and magical gadgets, 'oooing' and 'ahhing' over the most insignificant of things just to grate on the other boy's nerves. It was incredible how easily Malfoy became frustrated. He severely lacked patience. The muscles in his jaw would clench and he would grind his teeth together, eyes squinting around the corners and his frown deepening as his lips drooped downwards. Then, as Harry knew from many years with him, there would come the insults. Strangely enough, Harry frowned to himself in thought, Malfoy words lacked their usual sharpness today. Whatever insults he delivered were half-hearted and almost lame, as if Malfoy had given up and accepted defeat. Avoiding Madam Puddifoot's was all nice and good, but walking outside began to take its toll. The air bit at his skin, and Harry shivered as a chill raced down his spine. Draco noticed immediately. "Are you cold?" Harry snorted. "Why, are you going to offer me your jacket?" he joked, but the words fell from his lips as he saw that Malfoy's jacket was already halfway off. "Er-" he mumbled as the blond draped it over Harry's shoulders, leaving himself vulnerable to the October sky in nothing but a dark blue long sleeved shirt. "How chivalrous," Harry grumbled as Malfoy