Prologue: Lily Evans Potter stared down at the object in her hands, horror filling her up from the inside. She had been pacing for the past ten minutes, her dread mounting as she waited. Her hands were shaking and she could feel the sweat trickling down her back. If any one of her close friends and family had seen her at that moment, they would have wondered what the matter was. After all, just over an hour ago, Lily had married the man of her dreams, James Potter. They were all set to begin the perfect life together with their friends and family around them. Everyone she had cared for was here. Well except for one, but she had tried not to think about that. She had sent a wedding invitation but had received nothing in response. She didn't think that he would've shown up, but she had hoped. But the absence of the one person she had wished to see was a small matter when compared to the situation she was facing now. What the hell was she going to do? James would call it the ultimate betrayal, he would leave her, and she would be left with nothing. There would be no one she could go to for help. Severus already hated her, and she didn't blame him. What she had done to him was terrible. But what was she supposed to do? She had made a horrible mistake and now she was suffering the consequences of her actions. What would her parents say when they learned of it? Petunia would no doubt crow in triumph, reveling in the fact that her perfect sister had finally made such a monumental mistake and disgraced herself. Lily suddenly felt weak in the knees. She stumbled and nearly fell before reaching out mechanically, pulling out a nearby chair and practically falling into it. She had barely sat down before the tears began to fall. In all her life, she had never messed up this badly. What was going to happen? James would hate her, Sirius and Remus would hate her. She'd end up on the street without a penny to her name... Suddenly, she raised face from where it had been buried in her hands. No, none of that was going to happen because no one would ever know. She got up and paced the room, the sound of party goers coming through the door every so often. The reception was still going on downstairs, and James wouldn't be up for a couple of hours at least. Long enough for her to do what she had to do. Lily got up from her chair still in her wedding dress, and walked purposefully into the bathroom. She picked up her wand from where she had dropped it on the carpet and shut her eyes and her teeth going over the spell that would obliterate this secret forever. But just like a person who had had cold water splashed all over them, Lily suddenly gasped and opened her eyes, realizing what she had been about to do. And then a guilt worse than the one that had occurred previously crashed over her like a wave, and the newly wedded Mrs. Potter sank to her knees on the floor of the bathroom and sobbed. Ω He had been holding the piece of paper for the past hour, just staring at it. Today was the day, in fact it had probably already happened. And she had the audacity to send him an invitation! The woman he loved was marrying his mortal enemy and she wanted him to be there to watch it take place. "Lily Evans, you are one of the cruelest witches I have ever met," he muttered staring at the invitation, before picking up the ever present glass of fire whiskey on the table and downing the rest of it in one swallow. The last time Severus Snape had seen the beautiful red head had been about six weeks ago. She had come to him in tears about something James had did or said, crying that they were over forever. The dark haired former Slytherin wanted to curse himself for his weakness when it came to the muggle born but he had never been able to say no to Lily, never been able to turn her away, and the sight of her crying was enough to make him want to rip James Potter apart with his bare hands. So they had sat, they had talked for a long time. He feared the fire whiskey had loosened their tongues and self-restraint much more than it should have done, and so that was how Severus Snape woke up the next morning...with a pounding head ache and heart that was even more broken then it had been before. It wasn't long after that he had received news of the engagement of Lily Evans and James Potter, who were set to wed in six weeks. Why they had chosen so soon a date he would never know, probably so Lily could rub it in his face that she had someone and that he never would. He got up to pour himself another glass, his mind changing gears as he did so. Perhaps it was time for him to take Lucius up on his offer to change sides. At least it would occupy his mind, give him something to pour his energy into instead of wallowing in self-pity. He could put his passion to good use. " I don't know why you delay the Dark Lords requests and entreaties Severus. Don't you want power? The chance to wreak havoc on your enemies? On all those who mistreated you? You would have that with him, all that and more! I know you suffered at the hands of those Marauders in school. With the Dark Lord you would be able to hear them beg for mercy, to crawl on their hands and knees groveling for life! Don't you want that?" " Lucius, you know I am not a violent person. Do I hate the Marauders? Yes. But I do not want power. I want escape. I want to go somewhere and live my life away from all of this and live quietly. You are so certain that the Dark Lord will win this war, but I am not. And I am not a Slytherin if I am not crafty and cunning. If I want my future to be in anyone's hands, it is my own." " He will not be pleased to learn of your refusal," Lucius said looking someone nervous and Severus examined his friend carefully. He already knew that Riddle had emotional control over his followers, and that was something he didn't want. " I am not refusing Lucius. I am simply requesting time to consider my options." That had been about five weeks ago, a few days after Lily had left his life for the last time. Truthfully, he hadn't known why he had resisted when the dark part of him was calling out for vengeance. But then he had remembered the promise he had made after fifth year, how he had sworn he wouldn't go down that path again. And he had stuck to it, it wasn't something he was about to change now. Severus Snape was a genius with potions, it had been his passion ever since he was a small child. They were his one great escape from all the pain that had been his life. He had thought that things would be better once he started school at Hogwarts, but it wasn't to be. He was bullied and ostracized and his only friend had been Lily. But in the end, she too had abandoned him by marrying the man who had made his life at Hogwarts a living hell. There were days when he wished he had never met Lily Evans, days when he wished he couldn't feel. But as Severus poured alcohol into his glass for what felt like the millionth time, a sudden realization came to him. Or I suppose you could call it an epiphany. If he were honest with himself, he knew that joining the Dark Lord was never something he was interested in. He didn't want power, he just wanted a loving partner in his life. He had thought that partner might have been Lily, but she had proven time and again that it would never happen. He wanted to help people, to make something of himself. He wanted to show all those that had doubted him that Severus Snape was more then what he appeared. Severus knew that he would always love Lily, would always want to keep her safe, and would never wish any ill on her. But he needed to quit pining for her, quit her before she killed him. With that thought in mind, he put the bottle of fire whiskey back into the cupboard and poured the rest of the alcohol down the sink drain. He was done pining after Lily Evans. He refused to say Potter because that was just like rubbing salt in the wound. He wished her well, but he doubted if he would ever see her again, and maybe that was a good thing. As he turned away from the kitchen of his old house, he happened to catch sight of his reflection in the hall mirror and cringed. His eyes were dark purple bags under his bloodshot eyes and his skin was an unhealthy pallor. He was wearing his customary all black robes, but they were wrinkled beyond belief. The potions prodigy stood there for a few minutes just staring at his reflection. Was this what a woman had reduced him to? The man staring back at him was an overall pathetic looking creature. When had he gotten this low? It must have been six weeks ago when he woke up to find her gone and a note left beside him with only two words. I'm sorry. Not as sorry as he had been when he realized he had been taken in for the final time. Well no more. Severus Snape was through with Lily Potter, with her memories, with her images, with her beautiful green eyes and her perfect smile. He was done. It would be a cold day in hell before another woman put anything over on him. In his heart of hearts, the potions master would always love Lily Potter, and want to keep an eye on her, but he was done with the heartache. He didn't deserve this, he deserved to have some happiness. And that was exactly what he was going to do. Turning on his heel, the potions master strode into the bathroom and splashed some water on his pale cheeks before rubbing them vigorously with a terry cloth towel. He looked up into the mirror and smiled grimly at his reflection. A little sparkle had come back into his dark eyes as he thought about what he was going to do. Severus Snape was overdue for a holiday. His cousin Antonius had been pestering him to come visit since he had finished his seventh year at Hogwarts four years ago. Up until now, Severus had declined the invitations, wanting to be near Lily, hoping that his presence would dissuade her from marrying James. Now that he realized the absurdity of these notions, Severus felt his iron clad will begin to forge again. Never again would he become as low as a worm for a woman. No, his future was now his own, and he would be damned if he continued on like this. He strode out of the bathroom and down the hall to his bedroom. He jerked open the closet door and retrieved his suitcase from the top shelf. He opened it and tossed it onto the bed before sweeping half the clothes in his closet out of it and dropping them into the trunk. He then set about packing