Chapter 1 : It's like you're screaming, and no one can hear You almost feel ashamed That someone could be that important That without them, you feel like nothing No one will ever understand how much it hurts You feel hopeless; like nothing can save you And when it's over, and it's gone You almost wish that you could have all that bad stuff back So that you could have the good -We found love Rihanna feat. Calvin Harris Sunlight entered the small dorm room as an alarm clock rang loudly. Clove Carter shot up instantly as she grabbed the knife under her pillow before changing into her training uniform and pulling her dark hair back into a high ponytail. She made her way quietly to the training center to get some extra time alone. The center was quiet as it always was at 5:30 am. She glanced over to the score board and smirked slightly seeing her name at the top of the girls board. Clove took out her favorite knife and twirled it once before throwing it towards the nearest target where it perfectly hit the middle. 'This is definitely my year.' She thought to herself with a feeling of pride. For over half an hour she threw knives and tried to perfect her archery skill. Getting bored with the latest activity, she took out another blade, took a deep breath and threw it at the farthest. "Not bad Killer." Came a voice from behind her. "What do you want Cato?" She asked rolling her eyes as she turned around. "Do you not want company this morning Little Clover?" Cato smirked "Don't call me that." She said glaring at him as she rested her back against the wall. "And no I do not want any company, some of us are actually serious here." "Trust me Little Clover, I'm serious. Look at the board, that's me on top you know." He said condescendingly. "And that's my name next to yours. So if you please, I'd like to get back to practicing before everyone else comes in here." Clove said dryly. "You need to unwind a bit." Cato said leaning against the wall towering over her small frame and smirking. Clove looked directly at him in a defiant manner before a smirk pulled her lips. She leaned up towards him until their lips almost touched. "In your dream Pretty boy." Clove whispered in his ear with a grin before walking away from him. "Aren't you still training?" Cato asked passing his fingers through his hair while wearing a confident smirk. "I don't really enjoy your company so I'm going to get breakfast and I'll be back later." She said without turning around. "You're just afraid I'm better than you are." He said knowing very well she would stop to answer this. A second later a knife flew through the air and landed on the wall, an inch to the right of Cato's face. "We both know I'm already better." Clove said winking at him. "Get some practice Pretty Boy." She called as she closed the door behind her. "Oh I will Little Clover..." He said catching his breath. At the end of a long day of training, Enoboria let the careers find their families seeing as it was the last night before the reaping. "No family for Little Clover?" Cato asked from behind her as everyone was trying to find their families. "They tend to be late. What's your excuse are they all tired of your ego?" Clove asked as a young blond came running towards them. "Cato! Have you seen Mom yet?" Asked the little girl in a rather high pitched voice. "No Celia, let's go find her." He said protectively. "Wait...She's your sister?" Clove asked. She could not understand how a person so happy and bubbly could be related to Cato. "Yes I am. I'm Celia and I'm twelve." She said smiling at Clove. "Are you his friend?" Clove coughed trying to hide a laugh. "Not exactly. I'll see you soon. I'll let you get back to your happy little family." "Careful Little Clover." He said darkly. "You don't want to cross me." "But I love doing it so much." She winked at him before leaving to find her family. "It was nice meeting you!" Celia called after Clove before turning to her brother. "I like her." Cato rolled his eyes as he guided her away from the crowd and headed home. Clove spotted her younger brother further away. "Hey Bastian, ready to head home?" Clove asked. "Aren't we waiting for Mom?" He asked. "Haven't you learned that she's either late or not coming." Clove stated. "You're too pessimistic." He said shaking his head. "I'm not. I'm realistic. Let's go." She said firmly. "Fine." Bastian said knowing very well that it was no use arguing with his older sister. "So are you volunteering this year?" He asked her as they walked along the street. "Probably." She said shrugging her shoulders. "But you're only sixteen!." "And you're twelve. Thanks for reminding me." She said sarcastically. "And I might be sixteen but I'm still the top girl so I earned the right to volunteer first." "Who's the top guy?" Bastian asked. "Cato Cutrone." Clove said with a hint of hate. "Celia's brother?" "You know his sister? Little Miss Bubbly pigtails?" Clove asked. "She's not that bad. And it's not because you're anti-social that we all need to be." He grumbled. "The goal of the academy isn't to make friends, it's to be ready to win the Hunger Games. I don't need distractions." She said coldly. "Oh great there's Mom." She rolled her eyes at the woman who was waving at them dramatically next to a young girl. "Oh Clove, Bastian! I'm so sorry we were late, there's just so much to do!" She said pushing a stand of hair back into her extravagant updo. "We're used to it." Clove said. "Oh Clove, you don't understand the importance of what I do." Her mother said dramatically. "You're right I really see no importance to what you do." Clove muttered making her younger sister chuckle. "How've you been Rosie?" "I'm good. Sorry we were late." Said the six year old. "How's Mom been?" Clove asked glancing at her mother who was now animatedly telling a story to Bastian. "She's the same, she likes doing her hair and making me try on dresses and she has tea a lot with other ladies." "Like I said, no importance whatsoever." Clove winked at her sister who grinned. "What about your dad?" "Oh he's on a business trip in the Capitol." Rosamund said. "As always." Clove rolled her eyes. "I don't know how you do it Rosie." "Well I like going to school a lot and I started to practice throwing knives like you do." She grinned proudly. "Now there's something useful to learn." Clove smiled as they entered their house. After enduring her mother's gossiping and rambling about the glory of the Hunger Games and the Capitol throughout supper, Clove decided to take a walk. She took the same path she took as a little girl when she wanted to get away from the craziness in her home. She went up the hill and sat there for a while simply staring at the sunset. 'It's definitely my year. I'll finally be able to get out of all of this when I get back and make things better for Rosie and Bastian.' She thought to herself. "You're in my spot." Said a voice. Clove turned around and rolled her eyes noticing a familiar blonde. She simply shook her head and looked at the sunset. "What are you doing here Little Clover? Stalking me?" Cato asked with his trademark smirk. "Don't flatter yourself, your ego can't grow much without exploding. And I was here before you were Cato." She said icily. "No need to turn into an Ice Queen. But what are you doing here?" He asked sitting down next to her. "Not that it's any of your business but I always come up here to think. Something you're probably not too familiar with." She said with a sarcastic smile. "How you wound me!" He teased as he rested himself on his elbows. "And I do the same. It's one of the only peaceful places in district 2." He said thoughtfully. "Can't you just shut yourself in a basement and hit things? I figured it would be more your type." She said without looking at him. "Can't you just stay in your room and throw knives at the wall? I figured it to be more your type." He answered with a smirk. "Oh but I can do that here." She said taking a blade she hid in her belt and throwing it directly on a passing bird. "Nice aim." He laughed. "Was that a compliment?" Clove asked raising an eyebrow. "Maybe, I can recognize talent you know. Are you volunteering tomorrow?" He asked. "Yeah. I'm ready. You?" "Of course!" He smirked. "Don't worry, I'll kill you fast." "That won't happen, and I can't make the same promise, I'd rather enjoy it taking time." She smirked at him. "We're kind of the same." He said after a moment. "I am nothing like you." Clove said icily. "You are. You're ruthless, you don't care who or what gets in your way, and you're ready to do whatever it takes even kill them. See, we're the same. Other than the fact that you're half my size Little Clover." He smirked. "Will you stop calling me that?" She said loudly. "Or what?" He asked defiantly. "As I said I'm twice your size." Clove rolled her eyes and ignored his presence for the next few minutes simply enjoying the breeze. "Why do you hate it so much?" He asked after a while. "None of your business." She said without glancing at him. "So it's personal." He said with a grin. "Yes it is. Will you shut up now?" She asked frustrated at his endless questions. "Where would the fun be in that?" He asked still grinning. "But seriously, why does it bother you so much? If' we're going to be in the arena together we've got to get to know each other a little. And we are kind of friends." "We're definitely not friends. My father used to call me that. Happy? Now shut up, we don't need to know anything about each other. One of us simply has to kill the other." She said. "Does he not call you that anymore Ice queen?" Cato asked ignoring her previous comment. "He's dead. The idiot killed himself when my brother got killed in the 71st Hunger Games." She spat. "How do you think the family will handle losing you then? Sure it's a good idea to volunteer?" He asked with a smirk. "What about you? What's going to happen to little...Celia was it?" Clove asked knowing this would shut him up. "Careful Little Clover." He said glaring at her with his fists clenched. "Or what? You might be twice my size but I'm the one who can throw a knife at you from over forty feet away. You think you're such a hot-shot with your sword and all the flirting but you're as nervous as a twelve year old boy! Or do you think no one notices the frantic way your leg shakes and the way you pass your hand through your hair whenever you're nervous?" She said getting up. "I take it back, I'll take my time crushing you and enjoy every second of it." He said getting up and facing her. "Well good luck with that Pretty boy." She smirked before turning around and leaving. Clove woke up early the next morning with a great amount of energy. She found her entire family in the kitchen. "If it isn't the girl of the day!" Her mother said as she came to embrace her. "I could not be prouder of you Clove.