Disclaimer: If I owned Harry Potter, I wouldn't have to keep looking up dates and names on the wiki. WARNINGS: Slow building slash. Harry will be in other relationships before Harry and Tom actually end up together. CHAPTER ONE. Hermione finally finished brewing, from the looks of her relieved smile. Not like he was counting time or anything. She was doing the majority of the work. Nothing unusual about that. She wiped her brow with her sleeve, took a ladle and poured it into a bottle, and looked up at him. "Here you go, Harry," she said, handing him a silver, swirling potion. Harry took it, the potion still warm. "Thank you." No, what was unusual was not that she was brewing a potion, but that they were doing so alone. No supervision. Quite like their adventure in second year. It gave him a bit of a buzz. He missed that. Adventure. He wasn't Gryffindor for nothing. Well, to be truthful, he probably had more than enough adventure for a lifetime. Brewing secret potions was about all he could take at the moment after the war. "You're welcome, Harry." Hermione started cleaning her workstation. "You know, Hermione I never got this angle of you in potions before..." Hermione blinked back, her warm milk chocolate eyes brightening in surprise. He had a weird feeling. Like he should be enjoying this moment while it lasted. "Really?" "Yeah, I have to admit... I can see why Ron didn't notice you before... You look like a right mess." And he pointed to her hair frizzing up even more than normal due to the potions fumes. "Oh sod off, Potter!" she said, mock indignant, before bursting out in giggles. They were sitting in a well provided potions room thanks to the Room of Requirement. Or rather, he was sitting. She was standing over the cauldron and he had been sitting patiently in front of her since he finished drawing runes on the ground of the Room of Requirement. Yes, he drew runes. He rather regretted the decision to take Divination and Care of Magical Creatures as his electives, but there's not much he could do about it at this point. Then again, did his NEWTs really matter? From what Minister Shacklebolt suggested, he really had the credentials to work anywhere. He just needed to flash his scar. Actually they'd earned the right to go wherever they please after the war and the Room of Requirement was no longer a secret room either; it was just nice to have a place provide him his needs. It always meant something safe in Harry's heart so he came back whenever he had a chance. He wasn't sure why he had decided to stay for seventh year and just go into Auror training like Ron, but after feeling so lost while they had been traveling last year, he decided to actually become more educated. At least, that's what he told Hermione. He told Ginny and Ron it's because he wanted to be with Ginny for the extra year. It was nice actually being in classes together too since they were now both seventh years together. While partly both of those things, in truth, it was tough leaving Hogwarts castle itself. He missed the walls of the first place he called home. It wrapped him with a warm, loving embrace, the best way any thousand year old castle could – with Magic. He wanted to help out and make sure that after the war that the castle was as strong as ever. He also wasn't really sure he wanted to chase bad wizards for the rest of his life. Going back to Hogwarts was supposed to help him stall while he explored his options. Killing off Voldemort felt great at first, but now it seemed that something was missing from him. That is, something missing other than the Horcrux sharing his body. That's why he kept trying new projects with Hermione. To distract himself, and the small part of him that didn't need to play lazy with Ron was actually enjoying the intellectual challenge. Not that being lazy wasn't great. Considering he could have died at any time over the past seven years, lazy was what he needed. But this was now. This was after the war. This current project they had been working on was a Christmas gift – well, now, an early Christmas gift or please-stop-being-angry-with-me apology gift. The original surprise would have been to show up at her doorstep or in her room or however the transporting part worked with the knowledge that Ginny was his true love. That's what the potion in combination with the runes supposed to do – determine his true love, which he was certain was Ginny. And for his efforts, he and Ginny had a spat at lunch because he said he wasn't going to stay with her at the Burrow as part of the setup for the surprise. He hadn't realized she was going to make a big deal of it. Well, it was a pretty bad fight actually. Not like a small lover's spat. He had made it worse by indicating that Ginny shouldn't have been so hot-tempered about the whole thing, and, for him using "hot-tempered," Ginny sent him a Bat-Bogey Hex (a snarky part of him wondered if she knew any other hexes) and then proceeded to shout about how he'd been spending so much time with Hermione and that it was embarrassing when her dormmates whispered that there was probably trouble in paradise if Harry was spending time with a girl other than his girlfriend. And that sort of.. that sort of made him upset, if he cared enough to think about it more. She was accusing him of cheating on her with his best friend's girlfriend who also happened to be his other best friend. Of course Hermione was close to him, they had gone through so much in the war and in the last seven years... So could he really be blamed if he didn't chase after Ginny when Hermione was also upset at the accusation? That seemed to make it worse for his and Ginny's relationship, but as much as he loved Ginny, he couldn't help but know he would choose Hermione over her any day. This potion Hermione had found had been hidden in a book about German wizarding history and showed it to Harry when he had been having trouble with what to do about Ginny's Christmas gift back in November. It was written in German, but Hermione swore she had the correct translation and that this wouldn't end badly. This was Hermione, so of course Harry didn't raise too much of a fuss. "I don't really want to know," Hermione said, when Harry asked if she was going to try the ritual with Ron. Harry wanted to try it though. "There are risks," Hermione had said. "The book warns that this ritual is particularly powerful, and the extent at which it would find your True Partner could be drastic. It would have torn through Hogwarts wards to transport you out if it saw fit. I don't know what the side effects could be if it did something like that." But Harry was sure. Ginny was his true love or equal partner or however it should be phrased. It just had to be official. A part of him wondered whether he was okay with this because it would effectively be a huge "let's get married" sign, but if Ginny was the one, why wait, right? "You're sure it's a working potion?" Harry asked. "Remember last time we tried to secretly brew a potion?" Hermione sent him a look as if daring him to try better. But she looked at the cauldron. "I mean I could have always used more time to practice but I followed the instructions exactly. You're sure you don't want to wait until Christmas to surprise her like in the original plan?" "She's upset. I don't want us to spend the week not talking because she thinks I don't want to be with her. It's not quite the Christmas morning 'Hey I'm in the Burrow' surprise I was hoping for, but this should do just fine." "Are you worried this fight is permanent?" Hermione asked. Harry frowned. "I don't think it's permanent... but I think she's trying to teach me a lesson I don't quite know the meaning of. In any case I have a bad feeling that if I am away for long enough, this break up could become permanent... Well, I think... I think Ginny would still want to date me, but it wouldn't be good for our relationship." Harry wasn't sure that that meant, even as he said it. It sounded right, but it also sounded like given enough time apart he would have broken up with Ginny for good. Hermione furrowed her brows and looked into his eyes as if searching for something. But then she looked at the potion in his hands. Her headed moved up and down very slightly as if agreeing with herself on something. "Well, alright then. I'll see you back in the common room if it all works out. You're sure it's Ginny?" "Who else could it be?" He ignored her puzzled expression. And Harry got onto the floor in the center of the runes he drew with potion in hand. He took a few deep breaths while Hermione only watched. After he took a swig, Harry's eyes shut involuntarily and he felt his stomach lurch a little and his back suddenly feel too heavy to keep him up. Eyes refusing to open, he fell forward from his kneeling position, arms sprawled on the cold stone floor as if gravity itself had increased. He heard his glasses crack and he mentally groaned. That's great. He hoped glasses didn't get into his eyes or skin. "Hermione, are you sure it's supposed to do this?" There was no answer. Suddenly, the heaviness lifted and he blinked because his eyelids were no longer paralyzed shut. Pushing himself up, he looked around to notice Hermione and her potions set were no longer there. Harry thought to himself that it must have worked. Though a small Hermione-like voice in his mind pointed out that he was supposed to be transported, not her. He looked around. No Ginny, either. No one, really. Was this the Magic's way of saying he didn't belong with anyone? That was.. that was sort of depressing. He was transported to an empty classroom? Sighing, he got up and walked to the means of egress. They could have messed up. Hermione could have translated incorrectly. He just hoped nothing too bad happened. Like suddenly he was the last man on earth because Magic couldn't find his true partner. His field of vision was behaving strangely, he thought offhandedly. That is, stranger than the webbed crack he could sense from one lens. Potions side effect, probably. But his vision was both too sharp and too blurry. When Harry walked out and quietly shut the door behind him, he noted that it was particularly quiet. Was it evening? Harry frowned. He certainly felt something was different. He walked down the corridor to find his way back to Gryffindor common room when he caught his reflection in the suit of armor. Harry immediately stepped closer, thinking someone was stuck in the reflection of the suit of armor. He flicked his hand at the nearby light to brighten the hall. Oh, oh no. It's just himself looking even worse than normal. His hair was a disaster and that was saying something. There was a red mark on his cheek where it was crushed against the stone floor earlier. He thought it was a small webbing but his entire right lens looked completely shattered. He took it off only for half of it to drop and shatter into tinier pieces on the ground. He sighed, letting himself