Part One: Innocence Prologue "Katniss Everdeen!" Called out Effie Trinket the escort for District 12 in the 70th Hunger Games. The name was spoken, and a hush fell over the crowd. Effie Trinket had not only just pulled the name of a twelve year old girl, but one who had just lost her father within the last year. The odds were certainly not in her families favor. Katniss had just turned twelve in May, she was finally able to feed herself and Prim. She fought off the thought that started to take hold. The thought that both she and her sister were going to die. Her eyes hardened, Seam grey, defiant, angry, determined. She was not going to go down without a fight. Katniss stepped forward, not turning to her sister's anguished cries. She would break down, and she could not afford that, not yet. Her eyes locked on the screen and she saw the cameras were cutting between herself and her eight year old sister. Effie Trinket seemed a little less enthusiastic when calling a twelve year old to the stage. Lucky for Katniss she had been through more in the last year than many tributes had. Her quiet words of, 'Come dear, don't be shy,' took root in Katniss mind. The wheels began turning as she climbed the steps. Her face softened seeing Prim and she almost broke. She let out one chocked sob, and that was all she would do. Her plan was forming quickly. 'How could this have happened?' she thinks. 'How will my family survive?' She had just begun to form a bond with Gale in the woods. 'Maybe he'll help them'. Katniss looked across the crowd and locked eyes with her sister. Then grudgingly to her mother. She was surprised to see her alert, and the horrified expression gave her hope. 'If I can just get her to focus on keeping Prim alive, I can do this.' She stares forward and ignores Effie as she moves towards the bowl containing the names of the boys. 'Maybe, seeing Prim, this will buy me sympathy from the sponsors.' Her mind supplied, pushing out thoughts of Prim starving and dying along with her. 'Maybe, maybe I can play this right. I can hunt, and I can hide. I can pretend to be helpless.' "Adam Kenwood." Effie calls out and snaps Katniss out of her thoughts. She wants to frown, he's an older boy, at least six feet tall and probably seventeen or eighteen. Blonde hair, blue eyes, better fed than her, Market. 'Great, the sponsors will probably go to him.' Her eyes darken when asked to shake hands. The look of pity shoots fire through her small frame and she glowers at him for it. She stares in awe as the members of her District give the only defiance they can muster. The three fingered salute. They do not agree, this is wrong, they do not condone, this is not acceptable. Katniss knows that this is for her, and she holds in a smile and thanks them. It is later, on the train after tearful goodbyes she cries. Gale came to see her and promised he would look out for her. His words of advice ringing through her mind. The baker was an odd sight. He liked her squirrels, but she did not think he would come. He brought her cookies and told her he would make sure her mother would be okay and look out for Prim. That was unexpected and in an uncharacteristic moment of joy she hugged him. He owed her nothing, and had no reason to help her sister, but maybe he knew her mother. They could have grown up together. Her mother swore to be there for Prim, who held onto her like a lifeline. She begged Katniss to win and comeback to her. Katniss knew she would try, for her little duck. She nearly broke down again, but her plan to survive was already turning in her head. She knew what she wanted, if only she could get Haymitch on her side, she might have a chance to see her sister again. She was still relieved that if she died, Prim would be looked after. She fingered the golden pin Madge had given her, she guessed Madge really was her friend. She too had promised to look after Prim. It seemed everyone knew what had been happening with the Everdeen's. A bitter thought about those who never offered help before her certain death was waved off. Those she was reluctant to trust before, had come to save them when she needed them most. She would make the odds be in her favor. She dried her tears just as Haymitch stumbled into the car. He looked to her with pity under the sarcasm and drunken stupor. She glared at him. "Don't write me off just yet!" She vehemently proclaimed. Adam sat next to the small girl and put his hand on her back. He watched her flinch away and sighed. "I don't think it's pity for you little one. Just that no one likes it when any twelve year old gets picked," he tried to placate the small girl with fire under her tears. Haymitch was stunned. "Oh yeah sweetheart? Care to tell me why?" She sent him a scathing look and hissed. "You look at me and see a small defenseless little girl. You see a child too young and easily killed. I can hunt, I can swim, I can hide, I can think," she paused and thought a moment. "And no one will see me coming. I can, no will survive because I have to get back home to feed my mother and sister. I have to take care of them, and I will do anything to get back to Prim!" Katniss tears up. "Because if I don't my mother might let her starve and die." Haymitch and Adam are stunned at this. It takes a full two minutes before Haymitch chuckles. "You're quick sweetheart. Not twenty minutes on this train and you've though of your own strategy. We'll see what you can do, then we'll talk," he turns around intent on thinking this over. He shoots out, "you might want to work on cute determination girl. That fire will give you away." Haymitch leaves the car and thinks for a moment, that maybe, just maybe he wont have to watch a twelve year old girl die this year. Finnick Odair watched the replay of the Reaping and almost flinched when he saw the little girl from twelve. The little spitfire tried to play it cool, but one look at her tiny little sister, he assumed, she broke down. He watched, sea green eyes filled with pity as the male tribute was older and looked far more of a candidate than she. This little girl was doomed. 'Unless,' he saw the half second glower she gave the boy from her district as she shook his hand. He listened to Ceaser Flickerman's comments and noted none of them noticed the look behind the drying tear tracks. 'She has fight, she could be just like me' he looked to his own tributes and frowned. His District was in the opposite position of District 12. Annie, his female tribute was seventeen, far more well fed, and had a decent shot at at least finale eight, depending on her score and interview. The boy however, he had just turned fourteen three days before. Finnick sized him up and knew he was dead. He'd pick Annie to support, and suddenly wished he had District 12. He knew, that drunk Haymitch would probably support the safe bet, if he did anything at all. "Katniss Everdeen," he whispered, "the odds are certainly not in your favor." The costume was more than she could have hoped for in her wildest Dreams. Cinna had turned her into a brilliant flame. Haymitch suggested, if Adam could keep her up, to sit her on his shoulders. "Quite unorthodox." Portia had said. "Not proper!" Effie squealed. "Perfect." Cinna agreed. Cinna and Haymitch's idea had won the crowd over immediately. She laughed and waved and caught a rose. She beamed as best she could. Cinna and Effie taught her how to win their hearts with 'cute'. She was on every screen and her name from every painted lip. 'I can do this!' She exclaimed. Thoughts began filling her mind with sponsors and help. No one had played the cute card and turned out to be a trained survivor yet. Her eyes burned with fire from deep within and she would win this thing and go home. Haymitch let himself smile for just a moment. 'Give it your best, Sweetheart. You can win me over, the Capitol ain't nuthin'.' Cinna whispered to him. "Katniss Everdeen the Girl on Fire." "They have no idea." Finnick was pleasantly surprised, watching Haymitch and the small little kitten. Then when her District partner lifted her onto his shoulder he hid his shock well. 'He's actually paying attention. He's picked the tiny little ball of flame tugging on the heartstrings of all Panem.' He looks to the crowds and shakes his head. 'You may just have a shot at this Girl on Fire, good luck'. He thinks selfishly because if anything someone decent deserved to win the games, just once. If Annie did not make it, he liked to think that little fireball would be a good choice, so long as Snow never tried to sell her that is. "Adam you got a nine!" Katniss cheered for the boy. He smirked a little and ruffled the girls' hair. She was like his little sister, he was an only child. He liked to think if he could have anyone as a sibling it would be this little girl. He'd keep her safe as long as he could. To be honest, if they somehow both made it to the final two, he would kill himself because no way could he harm a hair on this little girl's head. Haymitch almost reconsidered backing the little girl until he saw the look in his eyes. 'That boy, he's too good for these games. He's already chosen his path.' Everyone laughed when Katniss score of five was called out. Perfectly average, just like he had hoped. They would get sympathy sponsors if they played their cards right, and the rest would come for Adam. They could definitely work with this. 'It's all going according to plan Prim. I'm going to get back and protect you.' Katniss vowed. Annie had received an eight, which was good enough for Finnick. Micheal scored a six, which surprised him a little, but, he still knew the boy had little chance. Annie was the only shot at not losing another two kids this year. "Oh that poor girl!" Annie winced. "A five, I hope her death's quick," one of the stylists, Star called out. Finnick nodded. 'How could she have such fire and scored lower than Micheal? Unless, she's playing the innocent game?' Finnick wondered why his thoughts kept drifting to the young girl. He waved it off as she was the youngest tribute. Not one victor, no matter the District, liked the thought of dead of twelve year old girls. After the interview, his thoughts turned dark. 'She's too innocent, to pure for this.' his thought heated. 'She 'helps' take care of her sister and mother. A blackout drunk Haymitch could see what that fire meant. They'd die without her. These games are so sick.' He knew what drew him, the whole Capitol, to her. She was pure, hardened, and that fire to protect was so intense it melted everyone hearts. She was someone to protect, and a small part of Finnick wanted to protect the Girl on Fire. It was stupid, he should be looking out for his tributes, but it was just so damn hard to turn away from her. He looked to Mags, and she