Hi everyone! This story is an adaptation of the folk tale 'Stone Soup. It was written for Everlarkrecs HG:Fairy Tale challenge on Tumblr. Thank you so much for such an amazing challenge! :) I would like to thank my Patronus: Court81981 for being shimmering and beautiful and cutting through the horror that was my first draft! Thank you! xoxo (Please check out her fairy tale: Spellbound if you haven't already) Also I would like to thank the talented, kind and amazing Ro_Nordman for the amazing cover art, and the banner that I will put up on AO3 and Tumblr xoxo Enjoy! A young traveler approaches a wooden sign that juts up out of the ground. The sign reads 'Seam Village,' with an arrow pointing to the hamlet just ahead. The young man's travels have made him lonely, tired and above all, hungry. He has walked for many days —the last town he came across being quite a long time ago— and the remainder of his food ran out yesterday. He walks towards the quiet village in hopes of finding his next meal. The first house he comes across is grand indeed. It is made of white stone, and large columns outline the front entrance. The young man knocks on the wooden door and just moments later, it is opened by a portly bald man with round glasses. "Sir," the young man begins, "I am but a hungry traveler, and I wondered would it be possible for you spare me a bit of bread?" The fat man simply grunts in disgust before slamming the door in the traveler's face. The traveler finds more of the same as he pushes further on into the village. Most houses give him little more than a 'no,' —however the bubbly, chubby cheeked, blonde daughter of the cobbler did apologize before shutting the door on him. The young man can feel his stomach contract painfully as the swell of hunger builds in him. The deeper into the hamlet he walks, the poorer the area becomes. The houses are dilapidated and the gardens are bare, the dirt cracked and dusty brown from the current drought. The next house he knocks at is answered by a very tall man with black hair, dark eyes and hollow cheeks. The traveler barely croaks out the words, "Wrong house" under the glower of the giant before walking off hungrier than ever. He has given up on the idea of eating today and is about to leave the stingy village in hopes of snagging a rabbit roaming the outskirts of town, when he hears the most beautiful sound. He tries to pinpoint the origin of the alluring crescendo. His ears eventually lead him to a ramshackled gray house with rotting shutters. As he nears the hovel, he spots a young woman with flowing dark tresses and sun-kissed skin. The woman hangs linens on a rope line tied between two trees behind the house, all the while singing a haunting ballad about a hangman and his lover. The traveler watches mesmerized, unable to move from his spot, until the young woman moves out of his sight, the song fading with her. From the looks of the woman's house, there is probably little she could offer him in the way of food, but perhaps she would allow him to sit awhile, to let him hear her song, if only to distract him from his hunger for just a little while. His knuckles rap on the worn door as he finds himself humming the tune he had heard moments before. When the door opens, to his surprise it is not the young woman with dark hair standing before him, but an older woman and a young girl, both with blonde hair and blue eyes that resemble his. "Yes?" the older woman asks. Her eyes, the man notes, are kind, but she looks far too frail. The younger one (a daughter perhaps?) smiles broadly at the stranger. Her eyes are bright, but her cheekbones protrude more than a child's should. "Madam, Miss." He tips his hat in their direction. "My name is Peeta Mellark. I have been travelling through this village when I came across your home and a lovely voice singing an uncommon song." "That's was my sister, Katniss, you heard," the small girl pipes in. Peeta smiles when he hears the name. "Well, would it be too bold of me to ask for a glass of water or perhaps a bit of bread? I have been traveling for a very long time and would love a place to sit, just for a little while." "Well, Mr. Mellark," begins the older woman. "I don't know that we have any bread, but you are welcome to come inside." She gently smiles before moving to the side to allow Peeta to pass. The house is clean but in need of repairs. Peeta can see light shining through holes in the roof. His heart sinks. He turns back to the older woman, just barely hiding his distress. "I am Lily Everdeen and this is my daughter Primrose. My other daughter, Katniss, should be in shortly. Please sit." She gestures to an ancient table surrounded by rickety chairs. Lily moves towards the kitchen. Peeta can hear the clicks and clangs of dishes knocking together, from his seat. "Would you like some tea, Mr. Mellark?" Lily calls from the other room. "It's Peeta, please, and yes, if you can spare it I would love some." Primrose sits in the chair next to Peeta, gazing at him in wonderment. Her white lace skirt bounces as she taps her legs excitedly. She looks to have questions on the tip of her tongue, but is unsure if she should voice them. Lily has just set down his tea when the back door opens, the heavy footfalls of boots walking towards them. The woman, Katniss, enters the room. She grins widely to her family at first, but the smile quickly fades and is replaced by a scowl when she sets eyes on Peeta. " Who are you? What are you doing here?" she demands, the stare of her silver eyes bearing down on him. Peeta goes to speak but is cut off by the woman's mother. "Katniss, behave. This is Peeta Mellark. He is traveling through town, and he is our guest so you will be gracious." Her words are firm, but her voice is calm. Katniss looks at the tea cup and saucer placed in front of Peeta, and her scowl deepens. "Well, Peeta Mellark." She spits his name out. "Those are the last of our mint leaves; we have nothing else to give you." Peeta looks to the flower-patterned cup, mortified. "I...I don't want anything else..." He feels not himself as he stumbles over his words. "The tea is more than enough. If I had known..." "Katniss!" Lily, whose scowl is identical to her daughter's, glares at the young woman, her face reddening with anger. "You apologize to Peeta this instant!" she insists. "Peeta, you are staying for dinner, and I will not hear another word about it!" And with that, she turns back to the kitchen. Peeta shares a look with Katniss. After being reprimanded by her mother, he can see nothing but fire in her eyes. She is obviously strong willed—she wears pants while the other two women wear dresses, and her skin is darker (most likely from working outdoors) while her mother and sister are pale. All three are too thin, but Katniss looks like a strong breeze would knock her down. Peeta wonders when she last ate a real meal. The thought causes a pain in his chest. "What is for dinner?" Half of him asks out of politeness while the other half asks out of morbid curiosity. Katniss's icy glare unsettles him, and he wonders where the carefree woman he heard singing has gone. "Broth." Her voice is a mix of honesty and shame. She takes a shaky breath, but when she sees Peeta's eyes widen, his countenance sympathetic, her expression hardens once again. She hastily jumps up from the table, retreating to another part of the house. Peeta feels himself tremble with profound sadness when he thinks of how these women must live. He wants to help them—no, he needs to help them. "Mrs. Everdeen," he says. Lily turns to Peeta. "I think I may have something more to offer for dinner." She looks to him, befuddled by his words. Peeta reaches into his bag, pulling forth a perfectly round stone, gray with silver speckles that resemble the color of Katniss's eyes. "What is that stone for?" Primrose's sweet voice tugs at Peeta's heart. "This, young Primrose—" He pulls his chair across the wooden floor so she can get a better look at the rock in his hand. "—is a magical stone." Primrose giggles at his emphasis at the word 'magical' "What kind of magic, Peeta?" She reaches out, dragging her fingertips over the smooth surface. "Well, this stone, when placed in boiling water, makes the best soup anyone has ever tasted." Peeta watches as Prim's eyes widen in disbelief. "Truly?" Prim's voice is meek, afraid that he is teasing. "Truly!" Peeta can't help but smile at the relief on Primrose's face. "Would you like to help me?" She nods emphatically. "Put a pot of water on the fire to boil." Primrose jumps out of her seat, sprinting into the kitchen to fetch the pot. Peeta catches Lily's eye; her expression is guarded. Someone clears their throat behind Peeta; when he turns, he finds Katniss glaring at him. "What's your game?" she asks in a deadly whisper. "No game," Peeta insists. "I just want to help." Katniss snorts mirthlessly. "How?" She closes the distance. "By filling my starving sister's head with fairy tales and false hope?" "Have you never believed in something seemingly far fetched?" "I believe in three things, Mr. Mellark." She counts off with her hands. " One, the always present hollow feeling in my stomach. Two, the absolute truth that if something doesn't change soon, I will have to watch my family starve to death, and three, that there is nothing you (or anyone else) can do to change that." Peeta is dumbstruck by the hopelessness that consumes the young woman, not much younger than he, yet whose circumstances have aged her far beyond her years. Katniss turns away but continues to speak to him, her voice cold and sober. "If you hurt my sister, I will kill you, skin you and cook you to feed my family." Peeta gulps at the threat and shivers at the truth behind her words. Katniss storms away after that. Lily gives Peeta a measured look before she leaves the room as well, but she doesn't say a word.. He finds Prim has filled a gigantic cast iron pot and has managed to place it on the wood stove all by herself. When she sees Peeta approach her, she jumps up and down enthusiastically. "What can I help with now?" Peeta scratches his chin in contemplation then draws his head closer to her smiling one. "Have you ever told a fib, young Primrose?" The small girl's eyes go round, and a look of guilt flashes across her face. She brings herself closer to Peeta, whispering. "I sometimes tell Katniss that I am not hungry, even when I am, so that she will eat something herself." Prim looks down in shame, and Peeta hopes she didn't see the tears well up in his eyes or hear the breathy sob that escapes his mouth. He rests his hand gently on her bony shoulders. "Well." Peeta wipes the sadness off his face, replacing it with an easy smile. "I need you to tell a small fib, which really isn't a lie since it will eventually be true." Primrose cocks her head in confusion. "I need you to run out and tell some of your neighbors that you have a traveler