Summary: The worst thing that could happen to Katniss is to get everything she's ever wanted. Inspired by the movie '13 Going on 30' Rated M for sexual content and language Lyrics courtesy of Smashing Pumpkins I do not own the Hunger Games or any of its characters. Enjoy! May 1999 ' ...And our lives are forever changed We will never be the same The more you change the less you feel Believe, believe in me, believe...' The dramatic melody of Smashing Pumpkins' "Tonight, Tonight" plays in the background as I sheath Peeta's cock, lowering myself onto his lap. I moan loudly at the familiar feeling of him filling me, becoming one with me. We have been doing this for close to two years now, and each time seems to get better and better. When I have completely covered his erection, I pull back and open my previously closed eyes, and stare into two pools of blue, made dark by want. "I love you," Peeta whispers to me before leaning forward to claim my lips. His words cause me to clench around him. His want and need and devotion towards me has always made my knees quake and my panties wet, and in this moment I know he means it. I should say it back, I really should, because I would mean it—not just now, but always. But I don't, and instead I begin rocking my hips, causing the springs in his bed to creak slightly. "Fuck," he whimpers against my mouth. "You feel so good," he confesses to me like he has never told me this before, even though it's something he tells me all the time. "Mmmm." It's all I can manage to articulate as my rocking turns into swift up and down motions and I start to feel myself flutter around him as he hits the right spot each time I slam down. "Oh god," he breathes as he falls back onto the bed. "Ahh, Katniss I love you so fucking much." His words send me inches from the edge, but before I can fall over, Peeta's hands find my thighs instead and his hips begin thrusting upwards until he grunts loudly as he comes. I continue to rock, hoping I can bring on my own orgasm with just a few more slight pops of my hips, but he halts my movements and looks into my eyes a slight frown on his face. "You didn't finish?" he asks breathlessly. I shake my head to confirm his suspicions. He quickly sits up, grabs my face, and presses his lips to mine. I taste them with my tongue and find them to be salty, and when his tongue comes out to glide against mine I find that to taste sweet. Suddenly he shifts and I am on my back, with him hovering above me. "Well then let me help you out." He pulls off and discards the filled condom, then gives me a lazy grin before his head dips. His tongue flicks against my clit and his fingers thrust into me; I just need a little bit more and I'll finish, but just then the phone on Peeta's bedside table rings twice, then once, then twice again, indicating the call is for him, and I lose my focus. Eventually it stops, and I once again let the feel of his mouth sucking on my needy center consume me, but then the phone is ringing again. "Just ignore it," Peeta growls against my wet folds, and I gasp at the feeling. Again the ringing stops, and I begin thrusting my hips into Peeta's mouth in hopes of speeding up the process, but then the shrill noise begins again, and I know I'm never going to be able to finish until the sound ends. "Damn it, Peeta, just answer it." The groan Peeta releases against my clit makes me shiver, but he pulls away, his lips shiny with my arousal, and leans over to pick up the phone. "Hello," he says gruffly, his eyebrows knitted together in frustration, but his face almost immediately falls. "Ok, yeah hang on she's here." He hands the receiver down to me while mouthing the word, 'Prim.' I quietly sigh, but quickly take the phone. "Hey, Prim what's up?" I hear my nine-year-old sister crying on the other line, and I begin to panic. "Prim...Prim what's wrong?" She sniffles twice and clears her throat. "I heard something. I thought someone was trying to break in the house. And I'm hungry." "Where's Mom?" I sit up and begin silently mouthing swears into the air. "I don't know. She's not home, and I haven't had dinner yet." "Well pour yourself some cereal ok, and I'm sure Mom will be home soon." I glance at the clock; it's 9:30pm. I grit my teeth. "But the milk's gone, and I'm scared. Can you come home pleeease, just until she gets back?" And then she begins sobbing again and I break. "Yeah ok, climb into my bed. I'll leave here soon, ok." "Ok," she sniffles. "Katniss...I'm sorry." More crying. "It's ok, baby. You don't need to be sorry. I'll be home soon. Alright?" "Alright, bye." "Bye." I hand the receiver back to Peeta and pound my fist down into his mattress. "That useless piece of fucking shit," I growl. "Where is she?" Peeta asks, knowing the situation well enough to know I'm venting about my mother. I shrug dramatically. "Who the fuck knows? Hopefully she never comes home." "You don't mean that," Peeta says sadly "And what if I do?" I challenge. "Huh? What would be so wrong in me wanting that poor excuse for a human being to get the fuck out of my life completely? She can't even manage to come home to feed her kid. She knew I was going to be out tonight, but still... ahhh!" I let my head fall into my hands and take a series of quick and shallow breathes. I feel Peeta at my side, and his arm begins to rub my back gently. The warmth that radiates off of him begins to soothe me. "I'm sorry." He kisses my temple gently, and I feel myself lean into him. "One day I'm going to open my restaurant, and I'm going to make a shit ton of money and then I'm going to marry you and take care of you for the rest of my life, and I'll make sure you and Prim have everything you want, I promise." Usually this common pledge of Peeta's makes me smile, and his words tend to make the darkness a little less bleak, but today they just irritate me, making the reality of my situation come crashing down around me. "Don't make promises you can't keep, Peeta." I feel him pull away from me. "What does that mean?" There's an edge to his voice. "Because in a couple of weeks we are going to graduate and then a few months after that you are going off to college, and eventually you are going to see that me and my problems are just weighing you down and you'll look for someone more appropriate for you." I sigh heavily when Peeta pulls away entirely and gets off the bed. "What do you think this is? This isn't a fucking game to me, Katniss. I'm in love with you." "I know, Peeta, I know, but that can change." I rub my eyes with the with the heel of my hands. "I'm not good for you." "Don't say that," he pleads "It's true though." I sigh. "I am beyond poor with a drug-addicted mother and a little sister to raise. Not only am I not good enough for you, I obviously don't even have the time to delude myself into thinking this is going to work." I get off the bed myself and begin to get dressed. "What are you saying?" Peeta's blue eyes stare at me with worry, and the sight makes my stomach do a flip. "I'm saying..." I can feel tears prick the corners of my eyes, and I gasp for air. "I'm saying that wish I had more…more money, more time, more of what you deserve in a girlfriend." "You are everything I could ever want." He places his hands against my cheeks. "I love you, and that isn't ever going to change." I give him an incredulous stare. "I'm not particularly pretty." "You. Are. Beautiful." He kisses my forehead. "And I am too stubborn." "I like that you're challenging." He kisses the tip of my nose. "I am basically a teen parent." "I've always wanted kids." Peeta says before planting a kiss on my lips. I sigh against his mouth feeling my resolve begin to waiver. "Your parents hate me." "My mom hates everyone, including me, and my dad likes you... a lot." I pull away from Peeta and stand up, putting distance between us. "It's just too much, and I don't think I can handle the heartbreak when you realize I'm right." "Katniss, you're scaring me." He begins to close the distance between us, but I keep backing away. Eventually I shove my hand out in front of me to halt his movements. He stops, but he looks frightened, and my heart aches to know I am hurting him this much, but every insecurity I have had my entire life has flooded my brain and I can't manage to swim my way out. It will be better this way, I think to myself. If I do this now, I can save us both so much heartache later. "Peeta." I can hear it in my voice that I have given up, and he must also because he begins walking towards me again. "No." he says breathlessly. "Peeta I just think it's better if we…." "Katniss, no, please don't do this." He thrusts his hands into his hair and gives me a manic look. "I know things are hard at home, but I'm here for you. I will always be here for you." I can feel traitorous tears slide down my cheeks. "Can we just sit down and talk, please?" he begs. And it's what I want to do—to walk into his warm strong embrace this instant and feel the shit in my life fade away until we are the only two left, but it's all so absurd. In what world does perfect Peeta Mellark end up with lowly Katniss Everdeen? "I just need to think," I mumble to him. He gives me a solemn nod, and I turn to leave out his window. It is then I realize I probably have about enough change to make a phone call in my pocket. I grit my teeth, as more tears—this time they are out of frustration—run down my face. "Can I borrow some money? I need to get milk." I bite my lip, humiliated to have to beg for money to feed my family and that I don't have enough to do it myself and the worst part, of course, being that this is so common a request that Peeta doesn't even blink an eye before he retrieves his black wallet that's attached to a metal chain from his desk. He thumbs through the bills and pulls out a twenty. My eyes widen at the sight of it. Peeta has never wanted for much. That's not to say his life is perfect. His mother is an absolute nightmare, and he works long hours at his family's bakery, but he never has to worry where his next meal comes from or about clothes or the roof over his head, and of course his father pays him for ten hours worth of work what I barely scrape by in 30 at my job. Of course I would want nothing less for Peeta. I love him, even if I haven't managed to tell him yet, and I want him to be happy and safe and healthy, but a little selfish