Hi Everyone, I apologize this will be a super long AN but then I promise they will be short and sweet after this... So this story is based off of a prompt by HGRomance... So I really hope I can make good on it! (Please read her stories 'Goddess' and 'Legend' They are UN-F'n-Believable! You won't be disappointed. ) So this is an AU about Massachusetts (Mostly the Boston area) just prior to and during the Revolutionary War. There may be story outside of Mass in the future, but I'm sticking here for now. I myself live a little north of Boston so it makes it easier for me. The Story will be from Peeta's POV, and even though yes there will be romance between Peeta and a certain gray eyed beauty this really is Peeta's story and how he deals with family, politics, love and war during this time period...but again that's not to say that Katniss won't be a big part of this story because she will... Speaking of Katniss... She out of everyone will probably be the most OOC. Story will explain it but in here she has kind of lost her self deprecating 'no one could love me' attitude and instead I have emphasized her I am a kick-ass chic who can take care of myself trait, so she should be fun (You will meet her in chapter 2)... Everyone else should be pretty In character...But w/ that said they may all be OOC for the time period. I'm not going to attempt to write the dialect of that period, mostly because I am not comfortable with it and will be afraid things will get stuffy...so I apologize in advance... Umm what else...Ok I am going to try to be super factual with big events and such, but may have to alter names and some smaller events so that I can add that Hunger Games flair we all love so much, so I hope it translates well for those who love HG and those who love History (I am one of both). I have also decided that for those who love history I am going to try and add a fact about that time period after ever chapter so I can get super dorky with you guys... I am going to rate this M because its war so there will be violence, I may sneak in the occasional swear, and if all goes well maybe a little bit of lemon... I already have a pretty sexy scene in my head which involves Peeta, Katniss and a speech by Patrick Henry...hee hee hee I will try to post once a week at least...hopefully I will always be able to stick to that or do better... **Crosses fingers*** And Last... I do not own the Hunger Games, but I do think Suzanne Collins is a genius! I reeeeeeeally hope you enjoy! April 1769 I make my way down the road that I have traversed many times before, the simple dirt road that will lead me to my family's estate on the outskirts of Braintree, Massachusetts. The change of season is assaulting my senses, as I take a liberating breath of the springtime air. The road is quiet besides the sounds of my horse's heavy hoof falls and the birds chirping contently in the trees above my head as the mid-afternoon sun shines through new leaves. A small marker to my left indicates that I am approaching the Adams Farm. I have never had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Adams, but a few years back his wife Abigail visited my father's bakery. I feel my chest knot up at the memory. My father had been so proud that day, he was more than happy to let Mrs. Adams sample anything and everything. I could see the gleam of pride in his eye when she very straightforwardly informed my father that these were the best cakes she had ever had. I peered at her curiously from the back room; finding her so interesting, a paradox if you will. She was more forward than any woman I had ever come across, yet there was a kindness about her that was unmistakable. She did not carry the same harshness in her eyes that the matriarch of our family did. "Oh father.", I whisper softly, the words taken from me by a sweet scented zephyr. I miss him more and more everyday. My father passed away three months ago, a wasting disease the doctor had called it. He died on a Tuesday morning before the sun had even begun to illuminate the sky. The candle light next to his death bed flickered on the hollows of his face, casting eerie shadows on the man not long for this world. I held his hand and I cried. Neither my mother nor older brother came into this room very often, and had not on these past few days when time was becoming so short. My tears and strong grip were the only gifts of passing this wonderful man was given. Moments before he took his last breath, his eyes opened and he looked into mine, for a moment all we did was stare into the mirrors of blue wordlessly, a smile playing on my father's lips. With what strength he had he squeezed my hand back. "Peeta.", his voice was shaky and his breathing labored. I tried to shush him, hoping for him to save his strength, but he shook his head, determination in his eyes as he started again. "Peeta... I could never have hoped for a better son. I am so proud... so proud of you." He paused momentarily to catch his breath, I could hear the rattle in his lungs, "Always do what is right, and you will never be... be wrong." The slight smile on his face holding on a few moments longer before his head is resting back on his pillow. His eyes closed one last time, and his grip on my hand wavered. Two heavy breaths later and he was gone. He was buried under the apple orchard on our estate at my insistence, it was his favorite place. So now I am heading to see my mother and brother, but not to go home. When my father died it stopped being home. I am currently on break from my studies at Harvard. It is the desire of my mother that I become a lawyer. It is not to say that I do not enjoy my studies. Frankly, I have excelled at them, especially in terms of speechwriting and public speaking. My professor calls me a natural wordsmith with a talent for persuasion, traits that will come in handy in a courtroom. However, I had always pictured myself taking over my father's bakery when he retired. My happiest memories were born in that bakery when I was in the company of my father. My mother would never hear of such a thing, I was not to play merchant like my father, and was instead to make something of myself and my name. So instead of walking in my father's footsteps after graduating from Boston Latin, I was sent to Cambridge to attend Harvard. I was thoroughly disappointed; my father was clearly heartbroken. It is not as if my father came from nothing, his family were of a merchant class and had run a family bakery for many years. My mother on the other hand came from exceeding wealth. Most of her family lives in Canada now, but my mother, for some reason, decided to settle down in Massachusetts with my father. It has always been puzzling to me how the two had ended up together in the first place. I had often wondered to myself, with slight amusement, if no one else would have that shrew of a woman. Once married and settled, my mother found it aberrant that my father, who was now subject to so much wealth, would continue to run the bakery. She simply chose not to understand that it was not a livelihood for my father, but the makings of his soul. As soon as my father became too ill to run the bakery on his own and I had been shipped off to school, my mother closed the doors to my father's spirit. She sold the land without delay, donating the money from the sale to the Church of England. I often wonder if this cruel act was not the cause of my father's ultimate demise. The young stable boy named Thom, a small dark haired lad whose father works for my mother running the estate, meets me near the large white house to take Lily, my horse. I dismount Lily and quickly reward her with an apple I retrieve from my coat pocket. After eating the apple, she lowers her head and I gently rub the white spot between her eyes, the color out of place on her otherwise chestnut color hair. "Hello Thom." I look down to the small boy whose unruly black curls rival the blond ones on my head. "Hello", he glances around quickly. "...Peeta." I give him a knowing smile, if someone else were around he would have to address me as "Mr Mellark", but I am not one for all that proper nonsense. I see him quickly glance at my other coat pocket and I can't help but chuckle as his cheeks flush with heat. I pull out the small package of peppermints that I picked up In Cambridge specifically for Thom. They are his favorite after all. Thom happily frees my hand of the bag and rewards me with a large smile. "Thank you Peeta." I just nod back. "Take care of Lily.", I say with a wave before heading up to the house. I remove my hat and coat as soon as I close the door behind me. I yell out a greeting, but am only answered back by the quiet and stillness of the house. I sigh, expecting no less, and make my way to the kitchen. The ride has left me famished. When I open the door I am greeted by the sound and smells of cooking. "Peeta!" I look up to see our old cook Sae making her way around the counter, hands extended. I walk towards her and she takes my face in her hands, using her thumbs to drag over the bit of stubble that has grown since this morning. My hands come up to cover hers and I smile at the happiness that is on her face. "Hello Sae." I lean over and kiss her on her cheek. Sae has been cooking for the family since I was in diapers and in all my 19 years I have never met a kinder soul. She managed to do her job all this time while still giving me the motherly affection I was missing. "Where's mother and Luke, were they not expecting me?" Sae releases my face and her smile falls. "They are in the parlor with the Cartwrights." I cock my head and narrow my eyes in confusion at her words. She merely shrugs. "I haven't a clue as to the reason for their visit, but I do know your mother is in one of her moods." I smirk at her choice of words. "Mr. Mellark?" I hear a soft voice behind me, I turn to see a beautiful girl with green eyes and dark hair. When our eyes meet she curtsies gently and averts her gaze. "Annie!" I say enthusiastically. I take two strides in her direction and pull her into an embrace. She stiffens temporarily and then reciprocates the hug. Annie's mother was the head housekeeper for as long as I can remember. She was a widow with a young daughter to raise and no monetary support. My father managed to get her a job, and her daughter Annie, lived in the house with her, becoming the closest thing