Hi everyone! This is my very first modern day AU multi-chapter fic and I am super excited to share this story with you. The animal hospital in this story is based off one that I worked at in Boston, Mass so the geography in this fic is based off that as well. I would like to thank The Amazing Court81981 and the Incredible Pookieh for not only their beta skills, but their encouragement and friendship. Please check out their beautiful fics if you haven't already. ILY guys! Also a special thanks to Court for coming up with the name of this story, if not for her the title would have been Vet!Kat. ;) XoXo I would also like to thank the kind and talented Ro_Nordmann for making me a stunning banner and cover art for this story! You are the best! XoXo Just a small disclaimer: This story does take place for the most part in an animal hospital, and sometimes animals will be hurt/sick etc. I promise I will be responsible with my descriptions and will not get graphic. If you have any questions feel free to PM me here or on Tumblr: Streetlightlove1. With, that said I do hope you give this story a chance. I do not own the Hunger Games, but I do think Suzanne Collins is a genius! Enjoy! The automatic doors have just started to part as Peeta Mellark wedges himself and the seventy pound bundle in his arms through the front entrance of Mockingjay Animal Hospital. Once cleared, he makes a mad dash to the reception area. It is almost ten o'clock at night, and the lobby is nearly empty aside from a few scattered people and the two women at the front desk. Peeta runs to the first receptionist he sees, a woman with warm brown hair, striking green eyes, and a mouth that curves down slightly into a frown. If he weren't so frantic, Peeta would normally have noted how attractive the woman was. "Help!" he begs breathlessly. "What happened?" the receptionist asks as her eyes flit from the chocolate lab wrapped in a blue blanket in his arms up to his face. "Mmm.. my dog! He got hit by a car!" Peeta spits out quickly and louder than he meant to. The sound of his rushing blood is all he can really hear and his bottom lip quivers. His breathing is as fast paced and shallow as that of the animal he is holding. The woman at the counter wastes no time. She picks up the phone in front of her and a second later begins to speak into it. Her eyes never leave the occasionally whimpering dog. "Hey, we have a canine HBC out here. I'm going to move them to triage one." The woman hangs up the phone and quickly hops off her padded stool, walking out from around the counter. "Are you a client here?" She asks. When Peeta shakes his head, she reaches back to grab a clipboard from the desk before motioning for Peeta to follow her. The woman leads him into a brightly lit room with an examination table, a large metal cabinet, an IV pole and a couple of chairs. "Put..." The woman pauses and glances at the animal in Peeta's arms. "Charlie," Peeta croaks out past the ball of emotion in his throat. The woman gives him a sympathetic smile. "You can put Charlie on the table. Someone from emergency will be in with you momentarily." As if on cue, just as Peeta places Charlie onto the metal surface, the door on the opposite wall flies open. A very tall man with dark hair and olive skin rushes into the room, followed by a petite woman with short black hair and overly large brown eyes. Both wear dark blue scrubs, but the man has a stethoscope dangling around his neck. "Well, I'll get out of your way, but when you get a second could you please fill this out?" The woman from the desk hands Peeta the clipboard. He scans the paper and finds it to be a standard information form. He glances back up to the woman and nods. "I hope Charlie will be okay," she says hopefully. Peeta takes note of the name tag attached to the receptionists shirt. "Thank you, Annie." The receptionist smiles at him once more and exits the room. When Peeta turns back to Charlie, the dark-haired man is examining the dog's mouth, pressing his finger down onto Charlie's gums. The short-haired woman retrieves a bag of fluids from the cabinet and sets it up on the IV pole. The man looks to Peeta. "Mr...?" He extends his hand, but waits for Peeta to answer. "Mellark," Peeta answers, taking the man's hand and shaking it briskly before letting go. " I'm Dr. Hawthorne," the man says, then gestures to the woman who buzzes around the room arranging supplies next to Charlie on the table. "And this is my tech, Johanna." The woman glances up at the sound of her name; she gives Peeta a quick nod before returning to her previous tasks. When Peeta looks back, he watches as Dr. Hawthorne places the end of his stethoscope to different places on Charlie's chest, listening for a few seconds at each spot before pulling the instrument out of his ears and draping it around his neck once again. "So can you tell me what happened, Mr. Mellark?" "Well," Peeta begins as he watches Johanna gently lift one of Charlie's front legs, feeling around the front of it with two fingers. "I go to night classes at Mass Art. Charlie comes with me on Tuesdays because he needs to go out a lot, and no one is home to watch him." Peeta squints as he watches Johanna push a strange needle-like contraption into Charlie's leg, drawing back blood. "We were just leaving for the night." Peeta pauses, feeling a sob collect in the back of his throat. "And I don't know what got into him...he never has energy like that...he's never bolted, but he caught me by surprise...ahh." Peeta's head falls forward; his hands squeezing his head, and he clamps his eyes shut, but not before a few tears slip down his cheeks. "He just bolted across Huntington Avenue and that's when..." Peeta trails off, knowing that if he continues anymore he'll lose it. "What kind of car was it?" the doctor asks. "Umm." Peeta tries to speak calmly, but he can hear his voice waver. "It was a smaller car, maybe a Civic or a Focus. I don't know. I didn't get a good look." "They didn't stop?" Dr. Hawthorne asks and Peeta can hear the edge in his voice. He shakes his head at the man. "Assholes," Johanna bites out. Dr. Hawthorne glares in her direction, but she blatantly ignores him as she attaches Charlie to the IV bag that hangs on the pole. "How old is Charlie?" the doctor asks, shining a light into the animal's eyes. "Lucky number thirteen," Peeta says with a sardonic snort. He catches the doctor and the tech halting their actions to give each other knowing glances. "Well, Mr. Mellark." Dr. Hawthorne pauses to peek at the thermometer Johanna has just extracted from the dog's rear end. He nods to her before continuing."I can tell you that Charlie has suffered quite a few injuries as a result of this accident, but what concerns me most is that he's in shock. We are going to need to stabilize him first, and then we can figure out the true extent of his injuries. We are going to bring him to the ICU; you are free to wait in the lobby or you can go home and we can call you. Just make sure you fill out that information sheet before you leave." He gestures towards the clipboard gripped tightly in Peeta's hand. "Is he going to live?" Peeta asks frantically, holding his breath as he waits for the answer. Dr. Hawthorne sighs as his eyes soften. "Let's just get him through this crisis, and then we'll talk." Peeta's hands begin to shake and lightheadedness engulfs him at the vague statement. Less than a minute later, the doctor and his tech have taken Charlie out the back door, and Peeta finds himself wandering back into the waiting area like a lost puppy. When he passes the front desk, he catches Annie's eye. She gives him a reassuring smile and he nods a silent 'thank you' back for her efforts. Peeta entertains the notion of driving all the way back home to Salem for less than a second, but ends up plopping down onto a bench. He's going to stay here as long as he has to, as long as it takes to ensure Charlie is alright. He glances around his immediate vicinity. The lobby is completely empty, save for Annie and the other woman at the front desk. For the first time since the accident, Peeta buries his head in his hands and finally allows the tears to fall. Katniss Everdeen has been at work since 4 am. Being a surgical resident, she is on call half the week, and early this morning, she was called in for an emergency surgery on a Great Dane with bloat. She managed a nap in her office for about an hour, but the early morning sunlight that breaks through her window splashes onto her face and wakes her. She groans out loud when she sees the clock. 7:15 am. Her next shift starts at eight. She meanders to the women's locker room on her floor, toothbrush and paste in hand. Once at the sink, she turns on the cold water. She lets it pool in her hands then splashes it onto her face, letting the shock of the frigid water awaken her addled brain. She glances at herself in the mirror, noting the dark bags under her gray eyes, and her normally tanned complexion looking pale. Her black, ramshackled braid, held together by a worn rubber band, hangs unceremoniously over her left shoulder. "Just eight more months, Everdeen, and then you'll be a staff surgeon. No more 'on-call' bullshit. You can do this." Katniss finishes her pep talk by splashing a second palmful of cold water onto her face before brushing her teeth and heading downstairs to start her shift. On the way, Katniss walks past the Head of Surgery's office. She glances inside to see him face down on his own desk, snoring. She has not seen him all night and wonders how long he has been here. The convenience store-sized container of Atomic Fireballs he keeps on his desk catches her eye, she walks into his office and snatches two from the red, plastic bin before turning to leave. "Hey, Sweetheart." She hears his groggy salutation from behind her and turns back towards the man. "Haymitch, don't tell me that desk is comfier than your bed at home." She laments to herself how she would give anything to be in her own bed right now. Her boss grunts at her. He gestures for her to leave. "Get to work." She takes the hint, popping a red candy ball into her mouth as she heads out the door. The surgery office is empty when Katniss arrives, but just like every morning, there is a box of Dunkin Donuts on the desk. She isn't sure who brings them, but they are always there, and on mornings like this they're a god sent. She drops into a worn office chair and chooses her breakfast. She spits the no-longer-hot Fireball into the trash barrel as she picks up a pink-frosted cake donut covered with rainbow sprinkles and bites into it. Half the donut is already gone when she hears someone clear their throat behind her. She swivels to find Gale Hawthorne leaning against the door frame, holding a large manila envelope, his eyes looking just as tired as