Trigger Warnings: Underage, Attempted sexual assault, Violence/Gore, Defamation of Santa, Dark Peeta if you Squint, Sexual content. Written for: Prompts in Panem: 2013 Holiday Challenge Weekend. I do not own the Hunger Games or the characters within. Nineteen-year-old Clove Williams was last seen leaving her dorm room at Panem State at around seven p.m. on December 15th. Her roommate, Glimmer Hillenbrand, told police that Williams was meeting her boyfriend, 20-year-old Cato Masterson, for dinner. When questioned by police Masterson explained he arrived at "The Cornucopia" at 7:15 p.m. At 8:30 p.m, when Miss Williams had yet to show, he tried calling her cell phone several times before leaving and heading back to his apartment a few miles from the restaurant. Employees at "The Cornucopia" confirmed Mr. Masterson's story to the police. When questioned as to whether the police thought the disappearance of Clove Williams five days ago has any connection to the recent grisly murders throughout the state by the suspected serial killer being referred to as Killer Claus, Chief Seeder said that it was being looked at as a missing person's case only. If anyone has any information regarding the whereabouts of Clove Williams, you are encouraged to call the Panem police's tip line at… Peeta thrums his fingers nervously against the top of the aging formica table at Sae's Place, the greasy spoon that has been a favorite of his and Katniss's for years now. His other hand comes up to nervously dunk the bag of green tea into the chipped white mug's murky water as he tries to block out the blaring news report from the mounted television above the counter to his left. He doesn't really know Clove that well; she was a year ahead of him in school until she graduated last year, although he knows her boyfriend Cato is a dick. But still he hopes she is alive, not because he cares about her well being per se, but because Clove is a short girl with long dark hair, just like all the victims of this sick fuck...this "Killer Claus"—all of them petite, dark-haired females like his girlfriend, Katniss. He tries to swallow past the lump in his throat and sips at his warm tea to try and melt the ice in his gut. He can't be thinking about psychos dressing up like Santa Claus killing people, not when he has to… "Hey," he looks up and finds Katniss's grey eyes shining down at him, a small smile on her face, her raven-colored hair twisted into a braid that hangs over her right shoulder. When she leans down and pushes her lips against his, he closes his eyes, clinging to their ever present softness. She shrugs off her coat and removes her gloves before sliding into the tattered, turquoise booth across from him and immediately takes his hands in hers. "What's going on?" she asks, her voice heavy with concern. When Peeta doesn't answer her, she squeezes his hands and lets her thumb draw lazy circles on his palm. "You sounded so upset over the phone, and you look like you've seen a ghost." She cocks her head and her smile widens slightly, although her eyes are nervous. "Peeta, tell me please." He pulls his hands away from her and looks down at the the speckled white table and then thrusts his fingers into his curly blond hair. This is for her own good , he reminds himself. For her and her family . But even though he knows it's true, it doesn't stop the tears from pricking the corners of his eyes, or his chest from tightening painfully, and an angry sob lodging itself in his throat. "My mother, she threatened to fire your father, she said she would make sure he couldn't find a job in a 100-mile radius." Katniss gasps across from him. James Everdeen, Katniss's father, has been the head groundskeeper on the Mellark estate since before Peeta and Katniss were born. His family, who resides in a small house at the edge of the property, depends on his salary to support them. "Why?!" Katniss yells out loud, before looking around nervously and lowering her voice. "Why would she do that? My father takes care of everything. What possible problem could she have with my…. oh," the realization visibly dawns on her, and tears begin to fill her eyes. Peeta reaches for her hands again, but she pulls them back off the table, letting them fall onto her lap. "What did she say?" she asks in a low raspy voice. Peeta bites his lip to keep it from shaking before taking in a large gulp of air. "She said if I didn't break up with you that she would fire your father and evict your family from the property." "Oh," Katniss responds and then looks down at her lap. "How serious do you think she is?" Peeta pushes a breath through his pursed lips. Back before his father passed away, he knew his mother was not a warm person, but his father's presence had always acted as a buffer between Peeta and his mother, but in the past year since his father's untimely death, she has not held back any of the resentment she feels for her own son. "Very serious," he admits regretfully, his mouth pulling into a grim line. He wonders if Katniss's chest hurts right now as much as his. "So…you want to break up then." It's not a question, and her eyes have yet to look back up to him. "No!" he gasps. "No, I don't ever want to break up with you…" "But," she cuts him off, "we have to," she whispers as she waves off the waitress who has come to take her order. She slides out of the booth. "I have to go," she mumbles as she pulls on her coat and walks away. It takes Peeta more than a moment to process what is going on, and what has just happened, and by the time he has snapped himself back into reality, Katniss has already walked out the door. He scrambles out of the booth and bolts after her. By the time he gets outside, she is most of a block away from him. The sharp December air stabs at his cheeks. He left his coat in the diner and his long-sleeved blue henley does little to protect him from the cold. He feels a sharp pain in his chest as he runs toward her, but he isn't sure if it is due to the temperature, or his heart breaking. "Katniss!" he calls to her in a strangled cry. She turns immediately, and when she catches sight of him, her eyes widen slightly. Puffs of cloudy white breath pass through her lips. Now that Peeta is here, however, he isn't sure what to say; instead he just stares at her, breathing rapidly, listening to his blood pumping furiously in his ears. She makes the first move approaching him, wrapping her small hand around his neck to bring his mouth closer to hers, but he is the one who goes in for the attack, trapping her bottom lip between his and sucking lightly before slanting his whole mouth over hers, his tongue rushes in to taste her—maybe for the last time. "In three years I'll be 21, and I'll get the trust fund my dad left me, and I will take care of you and your family, and my mom won't be able to control what we do anymore," he says breathlessly when he finally pulls away. Katniss smiles sympathetically at him, like an adult to a misguided child. "I love you," she whispers against his mouth. "But it's my family." And with that, she walks away. Police have confirmed that the body found this morning in an unrented storage unit by an employee investigating a 'bad smell' is that of nineteen-year-old Clove Williams, the woman who disappeared seven days ago near her college dorm. Police would not comment on the state of the body, but the employee who made the discovery, 25-year-old Johnny Marvel, told our reporters that the body had been 'brutally mutilated' and that the words "Ho Ho Ho" were written in what could have been dried blood on the wall behind the body. This has been one of the calling cards of the alleged Killer Claus, and one of the only real pieces of evidence in the case, besides a few sightings of a man dressed like Santa in the vicinity of where the victims were reported missing from. When the press asked Mr. Marvel if there was anything else left near or around the body, Mr. Marvel became visibly distressed, telling reporters that the killer had left a single jingle bell on the body, but he refused to elaborate from there... A shiver runs up Katniss's spine from where she stands in the doorway of the den, her eyes glued to the glowing television screen as her father watches the evening news. Clove Williams would make the eleventh victim of the Killer Claus since the first day of November, all within a 50-mile radius of Katniss's small town, but Clove's dorm is only about a mile or two from her home and worked at the Teavana in the same mall Katniss works at. After the third victim—a woman a few towns over named Johanna Mason—was killed, people started telling the petite, raven-haired Katniss to be careful when she was out and cautioned her not to go out alone at night. Her parents even made her curfew an hour earlier, unless she happened to be out with Peeta… But I won't be out with Peeta anymore , she thinks sadly to herself. "Dinner," she hears her mom call, beckoning the family to the kitchen table, the smell of lamb stew thick in the air. Katniss rubs the fresh tears from her eyes, the ones that always accumulate there whenever she thinks about Peeta. It's only been two days and already the longing is enough to suffocate her. She is desperate to call him just to hear his soothing voice, but she wouldn't put it past his mother to be monitoring all forms of communication, and Katniss has the welfare of her family to think about. She sits down at the table, and although her mother's lamb stew is her favorite, she doesn't think she can stomach any food right now, but not wanting her parents asking questions, she makes a show of ladeling her portion of stew into her bowl, and then she doesn't do much more than push it around with her spoon. "Where's Peeta?" her younger sister, Prim, asks. "He's always here for Sunday dinner." Katniss doesn't even look up at her sister and merely shrugs at the question. "Is everything alright, darling?" her mother asks in her honey-sweet voice. Katniss looks up at her, and when she sees the worry and concern etched on her mother's face, Katniss has to bite her lip to prevent from bursting into tears. She doesn't say anything, but she catches the knowing look between her parents, which is enough to excuse herself from the table, drive her to her room and cause her to sob into her pillow for the rest of the night. The next day she walks downtown alone, mindlessly window shopping. She wonders to herself if she should try and return the custom paint and brush set she got for Peeta's Christmas present, but then decides she will have her dad give it to him instead. It was too much money to just throw it away, and she's sure the shop she bought it from won't let her return the engraved brushes. Katniss looks in a window of a small boutique. A colorful, flowing skirt has caught her eye, and she knows Prim would love to skip and twirl in it. She has just made up her mind to purchase it and is about to walk into