Disclaimer: All character and the world in this story belongs to JK Rowling. I own nothing. A/N: This story diverges from the chapter eight of my other story. You should first read the initial eight chapters from 'The Hope of the Future'. This story line will be more mature and a bit dark at times but that would be later. Some characters will have their hearts broken and some readers will try to kill me for some plot lines. Please Review. Chapter One: How not to Crush Toes Minerva McGonagall was true to her words, she had given permission to use an empty classroom in the transfiguration corridor and placed the gramophone on the teacher's desk with a couple of music records. She had gone one step farther and transfigured classroom into a ballroom. Before the curfew, she had sent a note to Harry with Dobby about the classroom. Dobby was happy to show Harry to the transfigured classroom. Before the night was over, Harry had to part with his first task jersey. Hermione asked him to have that jersey with the reasoning that she needed something more comfortable and warmer for their morning runs and Harry was no way opposed to the idea. So, now his red and gold jersey with 'Potter' spelt on the back of it belonged to one Hermione Granger. Harry asked Colin about any pictures he had of his with Hermione only. Colin was happy to provide one which was taken a few weeks back when they were sitting under the oak tree by the lake shore. They were looking at peace, oblivious to the world. Hermione was sitting with her back to the trunk and her legs stretched in front with a book in her hand. Harry was lying on ground with his head resting on Hermione's legs near her knees. He was playing with a snitch he had caught in a match in previous year. After seeing the photograph, Harry didn't want to part with it but he knew that Hermione will also appreciate it. He wrote a small note on a piece of parchment and put the picture and the note in an envelope. He sent the envelope to the jewellery shop with Hedwig before he went to bed. He went to bed early, he was exhausted with today's Hogsmeade trip. Who thought walking and shopping could be this tiring. As Harry was drifting to sleep, his mind was wandering over the thoughts of the day and the gifts he got for his friends specially the book locket. The photo he had sent to the jeweller was on his mind too, reminding him the serenity and normalcy he enjoyed with the witch. -X-X- Harry woke up early the next morning, he had a long day ahead. He went to get ready for his routine morning runs, he was in the common room fifteen minutes later, waiting for Hermione to come down from the dorm so they can continue with the morning activity. She came down, a few minutes late, looking apologetic. They ran in silence, neither of them wanting to break it. They had grown to enjoy silence between them as much as the conversations so it was not new for them to remain silent for long periods of time, a look or nod would be enough to communicate without words. They returned an hour later, had shower and were sitting in the great hall for breakfast by eight o'clock. There weren't many people present in the hall at the moment, being Sunday morning, it wasn't new. They were busy with their meals when a redheaded Hufflepuff walked towards them with a bounce in her feet. "Hey Harry! Hi Hermione!" She chimed as she reached behind the duo. A bright smile was present on her face, she was wearing a purple sweatshirt under a furry jacket and grey regular jeans, her hair was in a tight braid. She was quite bubbly for early Sunday morning, Harry felt that even a dementor could not dampen her mood right now. "Hey Susan, want to join us for breakfast?" Harry asked, a light blush creeping up on his face, Hermione just nodded with a small smile. Susan took a seat next to Harry on the left side as Hermione was occupying his right side. She had eaten her breakfast so she settled for a goblet of pumpkin juice. She asked Harry if they can go for a walk after the breakfast and talk, Harry agreed without a moment's notice. Just like the day before, Harry and Susan walked towards the spot at the lake shore, once the breakfast was over. "Harry, did you ask McGonagall for the classroom?" Susan asked, on their way to the spot. "Yeah, she transfigured a classroom into a ballroom and placed a gramophone there. I checked the room last night." Harry answered without breaking his stride. It was still a bit uncomfortable for harry to be with a girl he barely knew, the jovial character of Susan made sure there were no awkward silences between them and Harry was thankful for it. "Can I ask you something, Harry? I hope you won't mind." Harry nodded in response and half turned his head towards her. "I just wanted to know from you that you didn't put your name in the Goblet. It's fine if you don't want to answer." She asked a bit hesitantly, her eyes trying to find any traces of anger in his features. "I didn't, Susan. I don't have a death wish." He answered curtly, he didn't want to go down this road. "I understand, Harry. At first, I was angry that you did put your name in the goblet. I have known Cedric since my first year, he is kind of a big brother to me, so it was a bit personal. But after the first task, I was certain that it wasn't you. I believe in you." She answered with a small smile. "Thanks Susan, I appreciate it." Harry responded with a grateful nod towards her. They sat at the rock on the shore, the edge of the lake was frozen and there was snow at the rock. Susan drew her wand, melted the snow present on it and dried it for them to sit. Harry was impressed by her dexterity with these handy charms. Susan asked his unanswered question. "Aunty told that it's good to know a handful of charms useful for daily work. Makes it easy, you know. I like charms, they are interesting, it's fun." "What don't you like?" Harry asked, a bit amused. "DADA is not my strong point, same for transfiguration and Magical Creature. Aunty was a bit disappointed when I told her that, she was hoping that I would follow her footsteps. In the end, she was happy when I told her that I wanted to be a healer, 'one less thing to worry about me in future' she said." There was silence for the next minute or two. "what's your favourite, Harry? Wait a minute, no need to answer, you were top of the class last year in DADA. Aunty would most certainly like that." She was beaming. "Seems like you are very close to your aunt." Harry asked, he noticed that she always mentioned her aunt in the conversation. Harry didn't want to come to know that she was like Malfoy who gloated about who his father was. "After my died, she was the only family I had. She is the older sister to my dad; uncle Edgar was the oldest. In the war, we lost my parents, uncle Edgar and my grandparents. She never married so she could give me full attention. She is my ideal, I look up to her. I just want to do something with my life to make her proud." She was smiling but Harry could see the determination in her eyes. He understood where she was coming from. At least they had something in common, they had lost their parents to the war. "So, Harry, how is your life outside Hogwarts?" She asked, she could see that the smile fell from his face at the question. She knew that she had touched a sore point. "I'm sorry, Harry. I didn't want to intrude in personal matters." "It's fine, but can we talk about something else, I don't like to talk about my life." Harry answered, not looking towards her. Susan understood the discomfort he was feeling. She tried to steer the conversation towards more pleasant things. They spoke about quidditch, Harry found out that she wasn't a big fan. She liked to bake and swim, she liked to dance and she was good at it, her words, not Harry's. Apparently, she had formulated a plan to teach Harry how to not crush her toes. She told him that after she was done with him this week, he won't step of from the dance floor, even for quidditch, Harry was doubtful about that proclamation but kept silent. She was telling him stories about her childhood when Hermione walked towards them. Hermione was a bit apprehensive of them being together, as she saw them laughing while sitting at their rock. She didn't like Susan touching Harry on his arm while talking or laughing. "Harry, it's time." She called flatly, ignoring Susan completely. He turned towards her and gave her a nod. He bid his farewell to Susan and told her that they would go for practicing after dinner. Susan told Harry to bring his dance shoes with him for the evening. She gave him a peck on cheek and walked away. Harry was completely stunned, he was blushing crimson, he could feel the spot being warm where she kissed him. Hermione had to shake his shoulder to bring him out of his reverie. They started walking towards the Whomping Willow, Harry could see that something was bugging Hermione. They walked in silence rest of the way. Hermione brought out the invisibility cloak from her purse and wrapped them both with it. They followed the procedure which they did last time. Fifteen minutes later, they were in the Shrieking Shack's bedroom, sitting on a couch, waiting for Remus and Sirius. They both apparated with a crack, a few minutes later. "Hey kids!" Sirius barked with a wide smile, opening his arms for a hug. Harry hugged him without a moment's hesitation while Hermione greeted Remus. After the greetings were exchanged, Marauders sat at chairs while Harry and Hermione occupied the couch. Harry and Hermione told them about everything that had taken place since they had last spoken. They told him about the task, the hate mail, the shrieking sound coming from the egg, Yule ball and Harry's date, Hermione didn't mention hers. It took thirty minutes to bring Sirius and Remus to speed. Remus had a blank face while Sirius looked like he was in deep thought. "What were you doing asking Bones? Why didn't you asked Hermione?" Sirius said, without masking his disapproval. Harry and Hermione blushed a bit at the comment but before they could say anything, Remus spoke. "I can't blame Harry, padfoot, I remember Susan. She looks just like her aunt. And please forgive me if I am wrong but didn't you have a history with Amelia during your school and auror days?" Remus asked mischievously, while winking at Harry. Sirius looked like he was slapped on his head, he was doing a good impression of a gold fish. "I did not, but she was something." Sirius stuttered in response. "That's not the point." He again turned towards Harry. "Why didn't you ask her?" Both the teenagers were blushing and suddenly found the floorboard interesting. "I, umm….", Harry started to answer but Hermione cut him off. "Someone else asked me before he did. I thought he was going to but he didn't." She answered and folded her hands in front of her, she was looking at him with undecipherable look. "I