Hey, everyone! New story – let me know what you think, please! - JayBee BPOV I kicked my bed covers off, knowing I would never make it out of bed if I didn't do it quickly. I missed the white, warm, puffiness surrounding me, but - oh, joy - I have school. Note the sarcasm. I stared into my closet and let out a long sigh. What the heck should I wear? Well, at least I get to see Alice. Alice and I have been best friends since I moved to Northern New Jersey in fourth grade. She was the first person to actually talk to me, and we pretty much do everything together now. Since I'm an only child, Alice is the closest thing I have to a sister. She knows everything about me. Well, almost everything. No one - and I mean, no one - knows why I almost always have a bruise somewhere on my body. And I like it that way. No one needs to know. It's not even a big deal anymore. So I just tell people I walk into random things and they believe me. I'm still looking into my closet, and yeah, I know I have a lot of clothes, but I can never seem to find anything to wear. I opt for denim shorts and a white tank top. I put on my eyeliner and mascara, put my hair up in a messy bun, and look at myself in the full-length mirror hanging from the back of my door. My pink bra was visible through my shirt, and probably my shorts would be considered too short for school, but I didn't give a crap. People could call me a whore or slut all they wanted. I like sex, and I will have sex however many times I want with however many people I want to have it with. It's my body and my life - not anybody else's. That being said, I've slept with a total of six guys. Two were boyfriends, the rest were...not. But what difference does it make how many people I've slept with? No one gives my ex shit for sleeping around. Men are allowed to be sexual, but women aren't? I slipped my feet into my flip-flops, grabbed my bookbag and phone, and made my way downstairs. I took a banana from the fruit bowl and mumbled a "bye" to my dad, Charlie. He raised his eyes an inch from his newspaper, gave me the once over, and went back to his paper without so much as a nod. Dick. I walked into the early September air and let the warmth surround me as I walked to Alice's house. She lived one block away, and our high school was another four blocks. "Oh, my God. My mom is driving me insane," Alice said as she skipped down the front steps of her house. "How many times do I have to tell her that I don't want any breakfast before it gets through to her head?" I laughed as we walked. It's the only thing I could do when she complained about things like this. I wish these were the problems I had with my parents. I hadn't seen my mom in six years, but that was fine with me, because she was such a bitter person, always putting me down about everything. She had to work long hours to support herself, so the courts never let her have joint or full custody of me. My dad is...basically, the Devil. I wish my problems with him were that he was forcing me to eat breakfast. But we don't get to choose our family. "You know Mr. Clearwater is going to send you home for being dressed that way, right?" Alice asks as we make our way to the school's entrance. "Great," I beam at her. "Then I'll have the rest of the day to do whatever I want to." She rolls her eyes and opens the door. Don't get me wrong. I'm not a bad student. I just don't see getting detention or being sent home as a big deal. It doesn't go on a person's permanent record. And what's the big deal about dressing a certain way? Because it "provokes" the guys? What the hell? Why don't they teach men to treat women with respect whether or not the woman dresses provocatively? Teach men not to rape instead of teaching women how to avoid being raped. Stop blaming the victim. God. Alright, fuck, I can't get into this right now. I have the first day of school to get through. Besides, maybe I like the attention I get from guys. Well, until they talk to me. Then they all sound like idiots. Except for Jake. Jacob Black… I sat down in the third row of seats in my homeroom class, right by the wall. Alice sat next to me and I watched everyone file in slowly. The students of John Valley High School are either in a clique, or loners. Very few people are friends with everybody, and even fewer people are genuine friends to anybody. That's why Alice and a few select others are the only person I trust in this school. I was put into this homeroom last year because of some glitch in the school's computer system. I'm the only person here whose last name doesn't begin with the letter B or C. It's cool with me, though. I get to be with Alice. The only thing I hate is that I have to see my ex more than necessary. It's bad enough that we hang out with the same group of people. And just like that, on cue, he walks in and sits behind me. "Hey, babe," his deep voice bellows. My heart melts at his voice…but, ugh...How many times do I have to tell him not to call me that anymore? I turn around and smile. "Hi, Jake." "How was your summer?" You tell me. You saw me almost every week at parties and shit. "Good. Yours?" "Good," he smiles his wide smile. His teeth look whiter than usual, and his skin darker, almost an olive color. "Good." I smile and turn around, rolling my eyes so only Alice can see. Everyone quiets down as Ms. Carlson, our homeroom teacher, begins taking attendance. This is another part of homeroom I hate, because I don't get to talk to Alice. We keep quiet as Ms. Carlson takes attendance, and the class erupts in chatter after the last name is called. Alice turned to me at the same time Jake began talking to me again. "Oh, my God, Bella –" "Bells, I wanted to –" Jake interrupts Alice. Alice put her hand up in front of his face, silencing him. "Hush." Jake's eyes bugged out as he put his head down and started scribbling on the cover of his notebook. "Alice...that was harsh," I whispered as I turned to her. "Ugh, who cares?" She rolled her eyes. "It was harsh when you two were dating and he fucked Victoria Summers behind your back." A few people turned to look at us and I turned to look at Victoria sitting in the back corner before I glared at Alice and slid down in my seat. Thank God Victoria didn't seem to hear her. "That was forever ago," I mumbled. Alice narrowed her eyes a fraction. "It was five months ago." I didn't want to think about it. It still made me cry. It was the worst heartbreak I'd had, and if Jake wanted to be nice to me, I'd be nice to him. I didn't want drama with him. It still killed me to think about what he did with Victoria last year, and as much as I wanted to take him back when he begged me to, I knew I'd never be able to trust him again. I mean, how could I? I trusted him with my life after dating for a year, and he went and pulled that stunt like I was nothing at all. He was dating Victoria now, and I knew he still wanted to be with me, but it could never work between us anymore. And if I was being honest with myself, it made me sad to think that we couldn't be together anymore. I still wanted him, despite what he did with Victoria. I looked at Jacob, almost pouting at the way he was furiously scribbling on his notebook. He looked so cute with his brows furrowed and his eyes so focused. He looked kind of sad, and I tore my eyes away to look at Alice. "Alice..." I whined. "Ugh, Bella, fuck him!" She whisper-yelled. "Fuck her ," I mumbled. "Fucking whore." I hated Victoria. I hated her! Okay, Bella, relax. You've come too far to let this drag you down again. Besides, a girl can do what she wants and dress how she wants. No girl is a whore, right? Shut up. I wanted to roll my eyes at my stupid brain. I don't care what I said before about women being able to dress a certain way. It's fine when I dress that way – not when Victoria or any other girl with Jacob does. The bell rang and everyone scrambled to get out. Jake bolted out before anyone else, and my heart dropped into my stomach. I could imagine the red flecks flickering in the brown of his eyes, a telltale sign of his anger. But what hurt me the most was seeing him get sad over the conversation Alice and I were having. "He's just as guilty as she is, girly," Alice quipped as we parted ways. I went to my locker as she went to hers, and turned the combination of the lock without even thinking about it. Some things become second nature after three years. I turned my head to see Victoria and Jake making out at the end of the hallway. ...And some things don't. Gag. I turned to look behind me at Alice, whose locker was just across the hall from mine. She hadn't seen Jake, but I knew the look of disgust she would've given me if she had. In case you hadn't noticed, Alice hates Jake because of the mess I became when I found out about him and Victoria. As I closed my locker, I let out a yelp and quickly covered my mouth. There was a tall boy getting books from the locker to the right of mine, but no one had used that locker since freshman year, two years ago. He was dressed in a black fitted t-shirt and black jeans with all-black Converse sneakers. The complete opposite of Jacob, I noted. Jake always wore bright or light-colored clothing, and I loved that. Ugh, stop thinking about Jake. Locker Boy looked at me and I flinched back against his piercing violet gaze. They must be making really nice contacts nowadays. He seemed to be amused by my reaction. "Dick," I mumbled as I turned around to go to Alice's locker. "So do you wanna come over after school?" She asked as she tucked a piece of her short pixie-cut hair behind her ear. "Definitely." I'm always willing to be anywhere but home. I mean, my room is my favorite place in the world, but I don't always like being at home. Alice made her way to her class as I walked upstairs to go to mine. People stared at my outfit as I walked, and I couldn't help but tell a few of them off. I took my regular seat at the back corner of my Chemistry class, and put my books on the seat next to mine. The desks in this classroom were shared desks. Each desk had two chairs, but luckily, I didn't share my desk with anyone because there were an odd number of students in class. I opened my notebook