Chapter 1: Fangs of fear AN/ Hi! Before you read this story it might be some thing you want to know: First! This is AU, we're still in the "magical-universe" but it is very different from the books. Second! I will probably make mistakes when it comes to grammar seeing as English isn't my mother language. Third! Enjoy your read;) Draco strolled down the hall of teeming students. He'd heard the news like everybody else about what had happened, or rather was in fact happening right now. The MCE rebellion had taken over the bloody school. Draco had a firm opinion on the "Magical-Creature-Equality" rebellion, or the MCE as it was called. And that opinion could be summarised with the word "bonkers", "madness" or "stupid". His father was, as many others in the Wizengamot, against the whole act and with a sound reason as well. Magical creatures were not meant to be treated equal to wizards, they were after all creatures, as their name inclined, clearly below the wits of man and could be dangerous. They needed to be contained and supervised if not to be posed as a hazard to the magical society. Draco agreed to his hearts content with his father's stand as he had been attacked by a Hippogriff in his third grade. Their slightly crazy "Care of Magical Creatures"-teacher couldn't control it, which had resolved in an injury on Draco's part. The attack had been more of a shock than actual hurt but even though Draco decided not to press charges he'd become more aware of the untamed beasts that lived among them. Maybe it was the fact that you never really knew what would happen when you approached a creature, different from you. But you could always be sure that if you didn't follow the unwritten rules of this precise creature, you might get hurt. Maybe it was the suspense rather than the actual attack (that had only happened once) that made Draco tremble every time he found himself face to face with a creature with too sharp claws and too pointy teeths. So when the rebellion had started, Draco had fully supported his father against the MCE. He couldn't even begin to comprehend what would happen if he suddenly were expected to face a creature on equal conditions, with his luck he'd probably become breakfast. So when the rebellion leader of the Resistance managed to get on the minister's good side Draco had prayed for something to go wrong, something to make the minister shut the window that had been opened between the two worlds. Maybe faith had heard his wishes? A few weeks after the debate of "Creature rights" had begun, the inventible happened. Or according to Draco it had been inventible because how could you not see it coming?! A creature had attacked a wizard in Diagon Alley. And that had been the end of the story. Or so he had hoped. The ministry had withdrawn their hand and a wild hunt had begun as people took it upon themselves to punish the rebellion for betraying the truce. The first real battle between wizards and magical creatures had happened and it was clear who stood as the winner. The MC fucking E. And now they were here, at Draco's bloody school, occupying it. So far, it was hot news and Draco doubted that anyone outside of Hogwarts knew what was going on. He kept a searching eye out for his friend Blaise as he managed to press his way down the corridor through the bodily mass that moved in different directions. He had to find his friends and talk things through, make up a strategy of how to survive with werewolves and Merlin-only-knows-what breathing down their necks. Draco moved a firstie out of his way with care before heading down towards the Great hall as his head kept spinning. What if this would result in a bloodbath? What if he was singled out because of his father supporting Tom Dolder, the greatest opposition when it came to equality between wizards and beasts. If not for Mr Dolder's protests the MCE-act might have already been signed and declared legit. Draco couldn't supress a shiver at the thought of living among feral animals with no sense of justice or reason. The only thing that had even made this whole MCE rebellion a possibility was Potter. He was one of the darkest and most dangerous creatures to walk this earth, and the only one who could keep a whole army of magical creatures from killing every wizard in sight. If not for Potter, the resistance wouldn't even exist, nor would the MCE-act. Draco mouth felt dry as he remembered the dark-haired boy he'd seen in the newspaper. With green eyes and a scar across his face, making him seem deadly as well as enchanting. Draco shivered as he remembered the small smile Potter's picture had made at him, showing of teeth that was as sharp as they were deadly. Potter was a vampire. A bloodsucking monster that fed on blood and life, almost like a dementor but worse, so much worse. If Potter had been a normal vampire things would have been easy, almost like a stroll in the park. A normal vampire couldn't go out during the day, could be killed with Avada Kedavra or tortured with Crucio. Hell you could even keep a normal vampire away from you with a garlic necklace if you were so inclined. But Potter was another story altogether. There was something in this world called an Elder Vampire. That was basically a vampire who had killed the last Elder Vampire and then consumed its blood. Because the world could only have one Elder Vampire at the time whom posed like some sort of royal leader for the whole Vampire population. Tales said that Elder Vampires where impossible to kill and since it was such a long time since the last one was spotted, the stories had become tales and rumours. Everyone had been sure that the only Vampires that existed nowadays were the normal ones that roamed the pubs at night or was spotted the occasional coven that sometimes were found. So when Potter had stepped forward to meet the minister in the daylight with a wide smile that showed off a pair of deadly fangs, the wizard world had stopped in its track to watch the new Elderly Vampire. It was said that the last one had been seen hundreds of years ago in France and had been a middle age man with blond hair which left no doubts that Potter had taken down the last Elder. That achievement was enough to make people fear the oddly young rebellion leader, as he seemingly had claimed the Elder power, making him appear like a bundle of Avada Kedavras, waiting to be fired. Maybe it was the fear that had made the minister agree to the MCE-act? Nobody knew the exact limitations to an Elder Vampire's power and imagination was never a good way to measure a threat. Draco if anyone would know that. So Potter had appeared with a united army at his back, something never seen before and everything had almost seemed to work out before the accident. Draco was still unsure if he should bless the dead wizard for putting a stop to the MCE-act or pitying him for being foolish enough to approach an unpredictable creature. In any case, Draco had thanked Merlin for putting a stop to the MCE negotiations before anything was actually signed. But at the same time, he cursed his luck of now being stuck in an occupied castle full of the very thing he feared and hated. "Draco!" Said Draco jumped as he heard the holler down the hall from Mr Zabini himself. He quickly changed direction and headed over towards his Slytherin friends with a scowl on his face. "Have you heard?" He was quick to ask as he passed the last student between the green tied teens and the rest of the crowd. "Yeah", Blaise answered and glanced in Pansy's direction. She stood on his other side with a blank face that didn't quite manage to hide her anxiety. Pansy's family was also known for their support of Tom Dolder against the MCE-act, making her a prime target for blackmailing. Much as himself, Draco thought with a shudder. "What are we going to do about it?" Draco asked while looking around the mass of people to detect possible eavesdropping. For now, everyone seemed content with hurrying towards friends, common rooms or teacher to find reassurance or just information. "I don't now…", Pansy began with a shaking voice as she dragged a pale hand through her hair. "But we must do something?", she followed up and met Draco's grey eyes. He stared back at her with a thoughtful look, hiding his nerves easily with a practiced poker face. "What can we do?" Blaise interrupted with a tired sigh. "They have occupied the school. Not even Dumbledore was able to do something." He scratched his cheek as he continued in a lowered voice. "I'm just not sure if it's wise to do anything yet." His eyes locked with Draco who slowly nodded in agreement. Blaise was right; it was best to lay low at the moment. This whole occupation thing was still new and fresh; everyone was on edge right now so it would be better to let the whole thing settle before even considering doing something. Pansy did on the other hand not agree with Blaise logic, she usually didn't to be fair. "No I refuse", she said with hard eyes before sending an accusing glare at Draco for his consent. "Have you all stopped and considered what would happen to us if the freaks finds out about who our fathers supports? They would be torturing us and sending our body parts to our parents!" "Shhh", Draco chided Pansy, as she seemed to grow hysterical at the end of her rant. "Dumbledore would never allow that for sure." "The old man can't even keep the damn freaks out of the castle-" "No", Draco interrupted Pansy as she sent a cold stare in his direction. "Dumbledore allows them to occupy the school because he cares. He knows that it might be bloodshed if he tries to force them away from the grounds, but if he creates a truce…" "…Then the MCE would have to keep it in order to stay", Blaise finished Draco's sentence with an astonished expression. He seemed to think through what Draco had just said with a faint smile growing on his face. "That's bloody brilliant", he said and shook his head in wonder. "When the heck did you grow so smart?" Draco responded to the compliment with a shrug. "I was placed in Slytherin of a reason." "Clearly", Blaise mumbled with a dry voice as his smile almost broke his face in two. "What!" Pansy almost screamed and looked at her two friends who now wore a knowing expression on their faces. "What truce are you two talking about?" Draco only rolled his eyes but held back the sharp remark that rested on the tip of his tongue. "We're talking about why there's still to be screaming and panic even though this castle for the moment is occupied of terrorists, rebellions, whatever…" Pansy gave Draco a hard look as she nodded for him to go on. "Dumbledore is one of the most powerful wizards in the whole world", Draco continued in a pace that Pansy would follow. "So if he really wanted the MCE out of here there would be much more of a commotion." "Like what", Pansy snuck in and gave the milling hallway a quick glance. Almost as to watch for signs of said commotion. "Like dead body commotion." Draco deadpanned before moving on, ignoring the audible gulp Pansy made. "So to avoid thousands of students dying during this occupation Dumbledore must obviously have