Chapter I "People who performed a suicide act were murdered by our own words and actions we do to them. To be honest with you all, bullying will NEVER stop" -MangaJinx Perseus, God of Loyalty, Heroes, and Time, and also the youngest brother of Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades. For thousands of years, his life was pretty okay. Pretty okay. He was captured by the titans during the first titan war and was tortured and interrogated. He wasn't found until the end when he was really beat up. He was trapped in a special chamber so he couldn't get free nor use his powers. Now, how he was captured, was he got ambushed by the titans and lost the battle. Fortunately he was freed by Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades, and healed by Apollo he had an annoying life so far. Since he hadn't lose virginity yet, Aphrodite has been trying persuade him into bed saying she'll go easy on him. This move made Ares jealous and challenges Perseus to a fight and Perseus accepted the first few and won and the rest he just declined. Perseus didn't see why Ares had to be jealous because Ares always has 'fun' with her. Also Apollo has been trying to get him to the bar with him, but it didn't really convinced Perseus. When Apollo left, the oracle appeared in front of him. The oracle prophesied that a half-blood child of the four brothers would either cause the downfall or salvation of Olympus. After that, the oracle collapsed and Perseus had to put the oracle back to it's resting place. He had tried to process what it said, but gave up. Then there was always council meetings about a hundred a year. It's either about Zeus or Poseidon having another children. Or it was about problems going on. Sometimes they had to say what's going on or more like a report of what happens. Now, World War II ended and there was another council meeting. This time it was about how Zeus has too many children and how Hera wants to get rid of some of them that wasn't hers. Of course Zeus disagreed on it and had a little vote. Poseidon took Zeus side because he was his brother and he wouldn't do that to his children ever. Demeter took Zeus side only because of her beloved daughter Persephone. Apollo didn't really paid attention because he was thinking about his 'fun night' but he chose Hera's side. Artemis took Hera's side as long as it didn't include her. Aphrodite chose Zeus side because then she would be able to control their love life. Ares Zeus side because of Aphrodite's choice Hephaestus because Hera is his mother. Hermes chose Hera's side, but didn't even tell the reason why. and Dionysus chose Hera's side because he didn't anymore demigods in his camp. Athena was on both sides because she didn't want to betray his mother and father. So as always, It was up to Perseus to choose the winning side. All the gods except Dionysus turned to face him. "Well, we're waiting" Zeus said. It took anther short silence and Poseidon spoke this time. "Well Brother" he asked. Then the oracle's prophecy popped into his head. He now knew how to stop it from happening. There was always a 50/50 chance that Olympus may fall or be saved, but from what. He would have to wait and see what happens. "Call in Hades" was what Perseus said. They all looked confused. "I'll explain about it don't worry" he said smoothly. "Explain to us now" Zeus boomed as always. Perseus just looked at Zeus. "It includes all for of the powerful gods which is Zeus, Poseidon, Hades and myself" he replied. Zeus grunted before asking Hermes to go call Hades. Hermes disappeared in flash. Few seconds later, he flashed back with Hades. "You guys better have a good explanation for interrupting me" Hades said crossing his arms and narrowing his eyes to his brothers. "It's not our fault. Perseus called for you" Zeus said as everyone looked at Perseus. Perseus sat up straight and looked around the council room. "I think we need to make an oath. Only Zeus, Poseidon, Hades and I can do it" he replied smoothly. Everyone leaned in wanting to figure out what kind of oath it is. Except of course Dionysus. "What kind" Hera asked "Zeus and Poseidon's children are born powerful right," Perseus asked getting nods from some, "Well since Zeus doesn't want one of his children to take this throne, we can make an oath" Silence took over the room as the gods are trying to process the information. "Well, what is it" Athena asked breaking the silence. "Well the oath is for us four brothers to not have a child at all. This can solve some of the problems like to keep their package in their pants" Perseus replied. Some of the gods had to bit their tongue from laughing while Hera just smiled and his brothers face were red wih anger. Zeus stood up and faced his youngest brother. "I will not make an oath to tha-" Zeus was caught off by Perseus. "The Oracle gave me a prophecy about 2 decades ago after Apollo failed to persuade me to come with him to a bar" Perseus said again getting their attention. Zeus sat back down. "Well. what did it say" Zeus grumbled. "It said that a demi-god that's a child of the four brothers will either be our savior or our doom" Perseus said getting curious looks from Athena. "Be a savior. What does that mean" she asked. "I really don't know but it may mean that something powerful will attack us. Powerful than us" Perseus replied. "That's impossible there can't be anything stronger than us" Poseidon said. "Remember, the oracle did say that one of our child may turn against us and win" Hades said. "I will not let that happen" Zeus said clearly angry that demigod can defeat them. "It also said that it can save us. So it's a clear 50/50 chance" Athena said. "So, will you three including me accept the oath of not having a children for the rest of our lives" Perseus asked. Zeus stood up from his throne. "I, Zeus God of Sky, Thunder and God of all gods Swear to the Oath" Hades was next. "I, Hades God of the Underworld Swear to the Oath" Poseidon stood up from his throne and was hesitant which got him suspicious looks from some of the gods. "I Poseidon God of Sea, Earthquakes and Horses Swear to the oath" Poseidon said. Everyone turned their head to Perseus while he stood up. "I, Perseus God of Heroes, Loyalty, and Time swear to the oath" "Dismiss" with that, all the Gods flashed away leaving Perseus to think about things. It was now 2005 and the gods are in the council room again. Zeus just figured out about Max Jackson, Sally Jackson and Poseidon's son and Zeus is really angry. "How dare you had a child and hid it from us" Zeus shouted in anger. "I'm going to blast that Sea Spawn right now" Zeus as his lighting bolt appeared in his hand. Suddenly a trident was pointed on his neck. The owner of it was the one and only Poseidon. "If I remembered correctly," Poseidon gritted his teeth, " You had two children which one was taken to Camp Jupiter and the other is a tree" "Exactly! I turned my daughter into a tree so she wont be a prophecy" Zeus argued backed. "And what about your son huh" Poseidon asked making the trident get near Zeus's neck. Zeus just gritted his teeth looking like he was trying to figure out an excuse. "Just as I thought. Even the four brothers broke their oath. Grrr Men" Artemis growled. Just then, a pillar of fire flashed in the room and all attention turned towards it. Once the fire cleared and showed Hestia. "Not all the my brothers broke their oath Artemis. You forget that Perseus never had a child. Or add the fact that he hadn't lose his virginity yet" Hestia said warmly calming them down. All the attention turned to Perseus who just sat there watching how the things will work out. He showed no emotion at all which got worried looks from everyone except Ares and Dionysus. "Is something wrong brother" Poseidon asked sitting on his throne. "Yea. I-it's nothing" Perseus said turning his head away from the gods as a tear sneakily dropped down his cheek. Now this got a more worried looks from the gods. Hestia slowly grew to her goddess height and slowly walked over to her younger brother. She used her hands and forced Perseus to look at her. When she turned his head, she saw a different emotions flowing through her brothers eyes. Worried, Sadness, and Anger. Perseus looked at Hestia who still had a warming smile making him smile back a little. "What's wrong Perseus. You can tell me anything" Hestia said. Perseus choked a little before speaking. "It's started about the time when I was captured" Perseus said. The time Perseus was captured, they almost lost him. They were disgusted at what they did to him. They cracked his bones, stabbed his chest, poured acid on him, and all the horrible stuff they could do. When he was near to death, they healed him or forced nectar and ambrosia down his throat. When they breached in the chamber, the Titans were about to stretch his limbs to it's limit. Luckily they arrived on time. "What about it" Hestia asked warily. Perseus looked at her straight in the eye. "When they forced the nectar and ambrosia, they added something else on it" he said. "So what's the harm in that" Ares grunted like an idiot. "What happened every time I swallowed, it shorted my lifespan" he replied sadly. Everyone was shocked. "Wait, gods don't have lifespan, were immortal" Apollo said. "I know, but once you take even one tiny bite of it, you become a mortal and you only live for around 1000-1200 years. Each bite you take, you lose 5 he said getting shocked gasp. "And they tortured me for 10 years and I took about 100 a year. Do the math" Perseus said looking the other way. "The Titan war started 3005 B.C. Also 10 times 100 equals 1000 times 5 which is 5000. So -3005 plus 5000 is... 2005" Athena said as the their eyes widen. "And it started on October 10th and today is...is October 9th...You have 12hours to...to...live" Hestia said. Bringing in her little brother into a tight hug as a tear dropped down her cheek. Perseus started to cry hugging his sister back and at this point, it made the all god's heart to break. Including Ares who regretted all those times he challenged Perseus. "Council dismissed" Zeus said sadly with a frown, but no one left. Zeus and Poseidon got up from their thrones and joined in the group hug and Perseus broke down even more. The goddess were all in tears and joined in the group hug. Just as they separated from the hug, a flash happened gaining their attention. They all turned to see Hades with a maniac smile and a laugh. While Zeus was clearly angry. "You weren't invited here Hades. What are you doing here" Zeus growled. "I'm going to take that throne of yours for good" Hades said summoning his sword. "Your foolish thinking you can defeat us Hades" Poseidon said summoning his trident and Zeus summoned his lighting bolt. "Ahh... That's where your wrong" Hades said laughing like a mad man scaring the gods. When he stopped, his face twitched. Hestia looked closely at Hades eyes and saw nothing which was strange. Then saw something she hasn't seen since the first titan war. "It's not Hades, it's Atlas" Hestia shouted out. Suddenly at