First day of school... Claire's POV "I am not going, and you can't make me!" A little girl wailed behind me. Her mother gave her a stern look and then dragged her through the gates, passing by us. "Do I have to go?" I asked, watching the scene nervously. I re-arranged the bag on my back for perhaps the hundredth time. Quil nodded, also watching the pair. "Come on Claire, everyone has to go. You get to learn new things." He told me. That response sounded rehearsed, but it was probably true. I looked up at the gate fearfully. Who knew what was behind that fence. Quil opened the gate and walked through it, holding it open for me. There was a black lock at the top, just out of my reach. I wouldn't be able to get out of here without help. Trapped. I couldn't help but shiver slightly when it closed behind us. Quil must have noticed because he took a step closer and gave me a reassuring smile. My hand automatically clutched onto his wrist, and for a moment I just wished he would pick me up and get out of here. We walked down a path and stopped near the door of a classroom. There was a large sign on the door that read 'Mrs Chaytons Classroom'. The majority of the children were running around and playing on the playground. A few others were crying, hanging onto their parents legs like overgrown leeches. Probably partly like I was doing, I admitted. "Quil?" An female voice asked from our left. I turned around to see a woman in her late 50's, she was fairly small, with greying black hair that was in a long braid. It was pretty. "Good morning Mrs Chayton," Quil replied with a grin. Mrs Chayton, she must be the teacher. How did Quil know her? "I haven't seen you in ages! What have you been doing since gradution?" She asked. "I'm working as a mechanic," he told her. Mrs Chayton smiled down at me. "And who is this?" She asked cheerfully. "I'm Claire," I told her quietly. She seemed nice. "That's great, I'm going to be your teacher. Did you know that I taught Quil when he was little?" "You did?" I asked incredulously. That must have been ages ago. Mrs Chayton nodded. "Always getting into trouble, he was. He was best friends with Embry and Jacob, and you know what the three of them did?" She paused dramatically. I watched in anticipation. Jacob, Embry, and Quil put together, it was already sounding like a recipe for distaster. "Well, it all started when they found a mouse in the cupboard. The little girls were so scared of it that they ran around screaming for a good 15 minutes," she began. How did Quil come into the story though? Quil was trying not to laugh at this point, barely succeeding. "I was really sick of all the noise so that afternoon I showed them how to build a mouse trap. It caught the mouse while keeping it alive," she said. I wonder if she was going to teach us how to make a mouse trap. We needed some in our house, one had chewed up my wheat bag the other day. "So we caught the mouse and a few weeks passed. I thought that, that was the end of it. No more screaming and I would be able to get back to teaching. But that was not the case. Anyway, one morning the three of them came in carrying all these ice cream containers. They told me they were full of insects to feed our pet frogs, looking up at me innocently like little cherubs. And just as I was taking the role... they opened the containers and mice ran everywhere! There must have been at least 50 of the smelly little things and they ran all over the classroom. They got into the cupboards and under the tables. We were finding them all around the classroom for weeks! And everytime one was discovered there would be more screaming and yelling and a huge carry on." "One little girl was so upset that she decided to go a different school." Mrs Chayton finished with a chuckle. Quil and I were both laughing by this point. That must have been hilarious! I would have to ask him later for his side of the story. Just then the bell rung. What did that mean? "In you come then Claire. We're mainly going to be settling in today. We'll do painting and I'll read everyone a story," Mrs Chayton said. That didn't sound too bad. Quil picked me up and gave me a hug. "Would you like me to stand outside for a while, just until you get settled in?" I shook my head, silly old Quil. I would be fine. "See you later," he sat me down on the ground and turned to leave, glancing back at me when he got to the gate. "Bye," I whispered, knowing that he would hear. Mrs Chayton watched us curiously but shook her head and led me inside. The classroom was fairly small, and it had lots of tables scattered around it. There were tiny chairs gathered the tables, just my size. Quil wouldn't have been able to sit on them, they would probably break. At the front of the room there was a larger table and desk, as well as a fluffy purple mat. Towards the back of the room there was a sink and a brown, wooden door. "The desks have name tags on them," Mrs Chayton explained, "but for now you can just sit on the rug, okay?" I nodded and sat down on the rug, it was really soft. There was another old woman sitting at the side of the classroom. Maybe we had 2 teachers? Mrs Chayton went outside and called the other children. They all came in and sat down on the rug. Mrs Chayton followed them inside. "Hello everyone, My name is Mrs Chayton and I'm going to be your teacher for this year. Mrs Marlina is going to be helping out today," she announced kindly, gesturing towards the other lady. "Now I know that everybody doesn't like rules but I'm going to have tell you a couple of them. The first rule is that you have to put up your hand if you want to talk. The second is that you cant all be talking at once. Only one person talks at a time, and if I'm talking, then no one else is allowed to. "We cant have any running inside the classroom, and we have to use our inside voices. "The last one is that if you hear me play this song," she clicked a button and music turned on, "you all have to come and sit on the rug." Okay, that didn't sound too hard. "Right, now we're going to go around the room and say our name and our favourite colour. Mara, you can start us off," Mrs Chayton said, nodding to a girl at the front. "My name is Mara and my favourite colour is purple," she said loudly. "My name is Adsila and my favourite colour is pink," another girl said. I was next, "My name is Claire and my favourite colour is brown," I said quietly. The rest of the day went past really quickly. We sang songs, did paintings, played with playdough and played chasey on the oval. I played with a girl called Tadita, she was really fun. After lunch Mrs Chayton let everyone play on the playground while she called us into the classroom seperately. I was one of the last people to go in. When I entered the room Mrs Chayton was sitting on her chair with a piece of paper and a pen. "Hey Claire, so how are you going with school so far?" She asked me. I shrugged, "I'm having fun," I told her, feeling slightly awkward. She nodded and handed me a basket of books. "Pick a book," she told me. I grabbed the one that was closest to the top and sat it in my lap. "Do you want me to read it?" I asked her. She nodded. Okay, I could do that. I looked at the cover, it had a picture of a sneezing wolf. "The true story of the three little pigs," I said clearly. "Everybody knows the story of the three little pigs. Or at least they think they do. But I'll let you in on a little secret. Nobody knows the real story, because nobody has ever heard my side of the story." I turned the page, "I'm the wolf. Alexander T. Wolf. You can call me Al. I don't know how the whole big bad wolf thing got started, but its all wrong. Maybe it's because of our diet. Hey, its not my fault wolves eat cute little animals like bunnies and sheep and pigs. Thats just the way we are. If cheeseburgers were cute, folks would probably think you're big and bad too." I continued, stumbling slightly on the words Alexander and folks. "But like I was saying, the big bad wolf thing is all wrong. The real story is about a sneeze and a cup of sugar," I was smiling by now. Everyone had heard the story of the three little pigs, Embry liked to joke about it quite a lot. "Okay, you can stop now," Mrs Chayton said. I nodded and closed the book. "Did your Mum teach you how to read Claire?" She asked kindly. I shook my head. "Quil taught me and Aunty Emily and Kim helped whenever he was busy," I told her truthfully. Mrs Chayton looked kind of surprised but nodded anyway. "Do you mean Kim Conweller?" She asked. "Yeah," I replied with a nod. She must have taught Kim too, I wouldn't be too surprised if she had. "How do you know her?" She asked kindly, probably trying to make conversation. "She's always with Jared, and he's friends with Quil so I see her quite a bit," I replied quietly. Mrs Chayton nodded and looked thoughtful. "And Quils your friend?" I nodded. "Do you have any other friends?" I shrugged. "Uh huh, Nessie is my friend as well," I told her. I didn't feel like saying anything else. "Okay, you can go back to the playground now. Could you please ask Peta to come in here?" I nodded again and left the room. Peta. Now, which one was she? I went up to a large group of girls. "Mrs Chayton said that Peta had to go in and see her," I announced. "I'm Peta," one of them said, skipping over to the door. I memorised which one that was before going and playing on the monkey bars with Tadita. It was really fun. Mrs Chayton played the music a few minutes later and I ran back into the classroom. I was the first person to be sitting on the mat. "Okay everyone, its nearly time to go home now. Tomorrow we will be learning a bit more, today was mainly for fun. You can all talk quietly while I hand out these notes. You need to make sure they get back to your parents straight away, alright." Mrs Chayton said. Everyone began to talk among themselves, I just stared at the floor in silence. Mrs Chayton gave me three different pieces of paper. I looked at them carefully. One was explaining what we would be learning this year, another was just saying 'welcome' and such. The third one was a 'medical form' according to the heading. It sounded important. I didn't really need the first 2, but I would have to get Quil to fill out the third. A loud bell rang from outside. Could we go home now? "Okay everyone, most days you will be allowed to leave on your own, but just