A/N: Surprise, surprise. Yes, this is Drake Hayward with a new story. Before anything else, I'd like to clear some things up first. My other story - WISE GIRL'S SEAWEED BRAIN 2.0: DARKNESS ARISING - MIGHT (take note the MIGHT) be in hiatus for a while. I MIGHT focus on this one for some time, but no worries, I intend to finish Lester's story. The plot of this story came to me and wouldn't leave me until I sat down and started writing it. I don't know if you've read something similar, but give this a shot. This is, by far, the most dramatic story I've ever written. In this story, the gods don't exist. Everyone is normal. I promise to do my best to keep everyone in character. It won't focus solely on Percy and Annabeth. This is a story of love, family, forgiveness, second chance, sacrifices, and such. Just stick around and I promise to make you cry. :D DON'T JUST READ, LEAVE A REVIEW! NEVER LET ME GO PROLOGUE Perseus Jackson, more commonly known as Percy, sat nervously on one of the numerous hospital, fiddling with the edge of his shirt. His Mom, Sally, and stepdad, Paul, went off to find something to eat. Percy sat back up and took a deep breath, forcing himself to acknowledge the fact that the wait was over. He was here now. The long wait – those hours and days spent worrying if he was going to be okay – was over. Who he was exactly, Percy would answer the question with fear in his eyes and a huge smile on his face. Percy Jackson was seventeen years old and was a father. Yes, Percy and his girlfriend, Annabeth Chase, had a child. A son, to be exact. It was a mistake on their part. They had Percy's apartment to themselves that night. They, like most teenage couples, hugged, touched and kissed. One thing lead to another and the next thing they knew, they were lying naked on Percy's bed, having given themselves to each other. What they didn't pay attention to was being responsible. Three weeks later, Annabeth relayed the news to Percy. They were both scared, unsure on how they were going to face the responsibilities of being parents at a very young age, but both agreed to one thing: Annabeth would proceed with the pregnancy. They never, even once, considered the option of aborting the baby. It would be wrong to make the life inside Annabeth pay for their mistakes. Telling their parents was very hard. Percy could still remember his teeth chattering when he talked to his parents and told them that they were going to have a grandchild soon. His Mom and Paul were shocked, but expressed their support for the two of them. After all, what kind of parents would they be if they left their son when he needed them the most? Annabeth's parents, however, were a different story. Her father was furious and punched Percy, yelling insults at him. Percy accepted all of these without saying a word, knowing he was at fault. What they didn't expect was when they kicked her out. Percy knew that Annabeth and her Dad didn't really get along well, but he never anticipated that he would actually do such thing. He tired to reason with him, pleaded even, but what he got was a cut lip and a very bad black eye. They didn't have a choice; Annabeth moved in with them. It had been a very hard period for both of them. They had no idea how they managed to get through the nine months that followed. Thanks to Percy's parents' unending support, the two teenagers found enough courage to pull through. The moment they had been waiting for – and dreading – had arrived. Percy was at school while Annabeth was staying at their apartment. She had been having contractions since morning and they both knew that she was about to give birth. Percy wanted to stay beside her but she convinced him that she was okay. He was in the middle of his English class when his Mom came barging in and announced, not only to Percy but to the entire class, that Annabeth was about to give birth. Percy, without bothering to gather up his things, sprinted to his Mom and to their car, where he was met by Annabeth, whose beautiful features were contorted in pain. Her face was sweaty and she gripped his hand tightly when he got in. The drive to the hospital was short, but it felt like an eternity to Percy. They made it eventually, and Percy's Mom and Paul had to stay behind as only one person was allowed in. It was Percy, obviously, as he wanted to be present when his little boy was born. Every single time Annabeth had to push, she would squeeze his hand so tight that Percy was sure that she had broken a couple of his fingers. Percy heard the cry and he felt like he was floating. He turned his head to look at his newborn son but was stopped when Annabeth pulled his hand. He looked at her and brushed the hair out of her face to look at the stunning gray eyes of the girl he loved. "I'm sorry," she whispered. Percy felt himself frowning. "What for?" But Annabeth wasn't able to answer; she had passed out from exhaustion. Percy leaned down and kissed her forehead. He turned around and saw that his son was nowhere to be seen. "Where's my son?" he asked the lone nurse. As soon as the words left his lips, he smiled. Nine months ago, the idea of being a father at seventeen freaked him to no end, but when he heard his son's cry, he knew that this was going to be his life's mission – be his son's father. The nurse smiled. "They took him out to be cleaned. It's better as so he won't catch any infections. You can see him in a few minutes." "Thank you," Percy said. He turned back and kissed Annabeth one more time before going put, anxious to see his little boy. Sally and Paul met him and started asking questions. He simply held his hand and smiled. "They're both fine. I'll see him in a few minutes." His parents exhaled and told him they'd get him something to eat. That's how he ended up waiting alone in front of the nursery. He was tapping his foot nervously on the floor as he watched the curtain being pulled. The nurse who talked to him earlier peeked and waved at him. With shaking legs, he stood up and peered on the glass to see his son, for the very first time. One word came into Percy's mind the moment he saw him: Perfect . His son was perfect in his eyes. He has a thick, messy mop of blonde hair, just like his mother; he had Percy's lips and Annabeth's nose; his eyelashes were as long as his mother. Percy watched in awe as his son yawned, his mouth forming a small 'o'. The door opened and the nurse ushered her in. He went in nervously. The nurse scooped up his son and handed him to him with a kind smile. Percy gave her a grateful nod. She smiled again and went to her station. Percy looked down and was shocked when he saw his son opening his eyes. As soon as the little body on his arms eyelids' parted, Percy felt like the world had stopped moving. He felt like every moment in his life had lead into that second when he held his baby boy in his arms. His son's eyes were sea green – the exact color of his eyes. It gave Percy a feeling of looking into a mirror. Staring at his son, it was like a huge balloon was swelling in his chest. When he looked down at the baby in his arms with a plastic bracelet which labeled him as Baby Boy Jackson , Percy knew that he was complete. He may be young but he knew that being his son's father would be something he would do with all his heart. He was happy; Percy was in bliss. Holding the baby was like having his own piece of perfection, his little angel. He leaned down and placed a kiss on his son's forehead and watched as tears fell from his eyes into his son's face. Percy laughed quietly as his son licked the droplet of tear when it passed his lips. He felt ridiculously happy as he looked up and asked the nurse, "Can I take him to see his mother?" "Of course," the nurse replied. "Just be sure to bring him back here." "Will do," Percy said, opening the door and going out of the nursery. He was smiling wildly as he made his way to where Annabeth's room was. Quietly, he opened the door and slipped inside, excited to see Annabeth's reaction. What he saw, however, wasn't what he was expecting. Annabeth wasn't in the room. Percy looked around frantically, worried. He had checked up on her a while ago and saw her sleeping soundly on the bed. Percy checked the bathroom to see if she was there but she wasn't. His heart was hammering in his chest as he went to her bed. That's when he saw a folded piece of paper. He sat down, placed his son on his left arm, and opened the letter. Written in Annabeth's neat scrawl were the words that hurt Percy more than anything. Percy, I'm so sorry for leaving you and our son this way, but Dad gave me a second chance – go back with them and leave you or stay and fail in my task of being a mother. I picked the first – and the harder one. I knew I will never be the mother Aedan Noah will need. (Remember that name? That's what we agreed on and I'm hoping you'll still use it) and I'd rather be alone than hurt our son by staying with him and failing him. I don't want that, Seaweed Brain. I know this is hard to understand, but please try to. I'm not you, Percy. I'm not as selfless as you. I can't fully set aside everything about me for another person, even when that person is my son. I'm not being selfish but I can't do what I have to, and if I try to, I'm afraid I'll just mess things up for him. I won't be able to live with myself if I do. I love him, Percy. I love him from the moment I felt him kick for the first time. I love him when I felt like my body was being ripped in half while delivering him. I love him, which is why I'm leaving. And I love you, too. Take care of him and give him a kiss for me, will you? I'm so sorry. Annabeth Percy stared at the couch after reading the letter, mixed emotions welling in his chest. Annabeth left? Why would she do that? Didn't she understand that their son would need her while he was growing up? Was she really that selfish to actually abandon her son? He felt resentment, but most of all, he was scared. What if he couldn't do it alone? What if he ultimately failed in his task, and hurt his son? He gave a jump when he heard his son crying, like he was aware of what was happening. Percy shook all the doubts in his head and stood up, rocking the baby in his arms. If Annabeth bailed then he would never do that. It was all on him now. His son needed him and Percy swore that he would be there with him every step of the way. Percy held up his hand