Author's Note: Disclaimer: Of course PJO isn't mine. Silly you for even thinking that. #percabeth because they are true love. This is a University au. I hope y'all lovelies had a wonderful 2013, and wishing you all the best for 2014. Happy holidays! xoxo Safari Summary: It feels like a perfect night to fall in love with strangers. Percabeth. University. Inspired by "22" by Taylor Swift. I need new friends. 1 "It feels like a perfect night," the girl with stars in her eyes and hearts in her mind smiles dreamily. She twirls about the car park happily, not minding at all that her best dress is getting wet in the misty rain. The pavement is glowing and the skies above are all-knowing. A perfect night, indeed. Piper is my best friend and she has the biggest heart of gold in the world. Not literally, of course, but she is completely trusting and fearless of anyone she meets. "Is Starbucks even open?" Drew asks from the passenger seat of my sky blue Mini Cooper. She hasn't moved a centimetre since we arrived at the car park to our favourite hang-out place. District Thirteen, the small little shopping centre plaza we are in, has pretty much everything three university girls would ever want or need: Starbucks for those late-night study cram sessions (like, right now), Café Panem which is a local coffee shop and has a cosier and less mainstream feel to it than Starbucks, a book shop, two cute little clothing boutiques that somehow manages to meet all three of our styles and sizes, a nail salon, one bistro, a sandwich shop, and an office supply store. We've been coming to District Thirteen ever since our freshman year of University to hang out and study. Now five years later, we are all a little older and a little wiser but this part of our lives and friendship remains the same. Life as a graduate student is hard but we're making it work and since we are all procrastinators despite our best intentions, we find ourselves here yet again on a Wednesday night looking for a café so we can study and cram our heads full of formulas and theorems. I turn the engine of the Cooper off and look out the windshield to see Piper still twirling happily about in the middle of the pouring rain. I smile indulgently at my naïve and romantic of a friend. She lives life as if it is a Disney faerie tale and believes everyone is going to end up with a happily ever after. I wish that were the case. I've recently come out of a seven year relationship with my high school sweetheart. I woke up one day and realised Luke just wasn't my Prince Charming. Perhaps it was the fact that the long-distance relationship was taking a big toll on us, but I think it was the fact that I found out through Facebook (out of all things!) that Luke was cheating on me. My other bestie had wasted no time to make fun my new ex as soon as I had told her Luke and I were done. She never liked the "commitment-shy, bitter, needs-to-grow-a-pair-of-balls, son of a bastard" that I had been dating. Her words, not mine (even though I completely agree with my bestie's assessment of Luke). Next to me, the bestie who likes to make fun of my exes, glances up from inspecting her nails and scoffs at Piper's antics. Drew is the cynic and critic out of the three of us but I wouldn't have her any other way. "Puh-lease," she sighs exasperatedly. "It is a Wednesday night and we are on our way to Starbucks to study C hemistry . How much more pathetic can we get?" I roll my eyes at Drew's typical complaints and contradictions to anything Piper says. I honestly cannot explain how we are all besties but somehow we level each other out. I am the pragmatic and logical one to balance Piper's youthful and sweet disposition; Piper is the sunny optimist to contrast Drew's picky pessimist; and Drew has that sad, beautiful, and tragic artist thing to complement my mind of judgment and reason. "Come on," I tell Drew who has gone back to looking at her nails. I unlock the doors and step on to the rain-kissed asphalt. Piper had run out gleefully into the rain before I had parked and shut off the engine to the Cooper, and she is still happily spinning about. For as long as I can remember, she has loved the rain and the air of romance it brings. Every year, she wishes to be kissed in the middle of the pouring rain. I think it's a cute idea but very wet and not at all romantic. To each their own, I guess. Drew swivels her head and gives me a flat look. "Um, hello? Annabeth, it is raining out there." My bestie is so ridiculous and difficult sometimes. And, she should seriously consider becoming a meteorologist with common sense like that. "So?" I laugh, enjoying the tickle of the raindrops on my skin. " So ," she huffs self-importantly. " So I do not want to sport the drowned rat look. I spent for-fucking-ever straightening my hair this morning." "You – and your hair – will be fine," I assure her. "And who are we going to impress at Starbucks anyways? It's half past eleven. Most people with social lives are not going to be loitering around Starbucks at this time of night. It'll be just us and the other insane sleep-deprived insomniacs like us." Drew hates it whenever I make valid points. She glares at me, sighs in defeat, and says: "We're dressed like hipsters anyways. I guess it just wouldn't do to waste a perfectly good Starbucks outfit by sitting in the car." I shake my head at her fashion-conscious mind – she really did force Piper and me to dress up like hipsters tonight for this little excursion – and close the driver's door to the Cooper before beeping the lock. Except silly me, I forgot that Drew was still in the car. "Annabeth!" she screeches and pounds on the window. She is unable to unlock the car door because she would then set the car alarm off. Typically Drew loves to make a grand entrance but it is eleven-thirty at night on a Wednesday and we're in a car park in the middle of the pouring rain. Ain't nobody got time for that sort of nonsense. Piper stops dancing in the rain and looks over at us. "What's wrong with Drew?" she asks with genuine concern on her face. "Nothing," I say simply as if Drew holds a temper tantrum in a locked car all the time. I loop my arm into Piper's and blow a kiss in Drew's direction before we skip our way over to the awning-covered sidewalk that lines the storefronts. Piper gives me a disapproving look and takes my keys. There is an audible click as the doors unlock to the Cooper, and suddenly Drew comes storming out (never mind the rain, now). "Annabeth!" Drew yells out my name again. She's not really pissed but I only know this because we've been besties for half of a dozen years. To any innocent bystander, she looks as if she is going to get into a bitch fight with me (I know she won't for fear of ruining her manicure). "Drew!" I yell back in a much happier tone than hers and loop her left arm through my right so that Piper, Drew, and I make a human chain with me in the middle. "How's the hair?" She legitimately growls at me in response. "Did you hear that?" I ask Piper with wide-eyed innocence. "I think my tummy just growled in hunger. Oh, look! Starbucks is open! Why don't we stop in there?" "Fuck you," Drew mutters but the corner of her mouth is curled up in a half-smile. Piper laughs happily and clicks the lock on my key fob. The Cooper's lights flash, illuminating the shiny black Mustang parked next to my Cooper. That is, the shiny black Mustang that now has a pretty little scratch on the passenger's door from where my right mirror seems to have scraped alongside the car. Oops. "Shit," Drew lets out a low whistle. "You really did a number on that car, Annabeth. How many times now have I told you that your driving sucks ass?" "Shut up," I mutter. I'm a wonderful driver. At least, that's what my dad tells me. I consider my options here. There are a few other cars in the car park but mine is the only one next to the Mustang and therefore the logical culprit to who banged it up. I should probably move the Cooper to a different space so if the driver comes out and sees the stellar little job I (accidentally!) did on their paint job they will not know it is me. "What should I do?" I ask my besties in a slightly panicked voice. I'm a graduate student and don't have the money to spare to hand out to a stranger for ruining their previously flawless paint job. Honestly, I barely have enough money in my pocket right now to pay for the over-priced hipster coffee I'll be buying at Starbucks in a few minutes. However, my morals and personal values are telling me I need to own up to my horrible driving-slash-parking. But . . . shit. I don't want to own up. Piper and Drew look at me with wide eyes and then simultaneously step away from me in a clear gesture that says We aren't with her . They are the picture of wide-eyed innocence as they make a beeline for Starbucks and leave me at the scene of the crime. Sometimes, I reconsider my choice in friends. Who am I kidding, though? I would do the same thing if I were in their position. I look around the car park. It's deserted of human life and only abandoned parked cars remain. The misty rain has left a slight film of condensation on the Mustang's windows. I don't know who the driver is (and I really do not want to find out) but I hike up my metaphorical big girl knickers and march over to the Mustang to inspect the damage. Ho-ly shit. I cringe and glare at the Cooper's mirror. Who knew it could cause so much freaking damage? There is a wicked jagged line slashed across the passenger door of the Mustang. It almost makes the Mustang look like it got keyed by a vengeful ex-girlfriend. (If only this had been Luke's car instead . . . .) "I am so sorry," I breathe and then glance furtively around the car park again. It is late at night and if anyone had just seen me talk to myself they would have assumed I was a late night crazy hobo or something. I hope the driver to this Mustang is preoccupied with whichever shop they are in and do not look outside the storefront window and see me writing on their car's windshield. Cos hell yeah, that is my brilliant plan to save my ass: write my apology on the windshield of the unfortunate victim's car. Sorry. I'm the one who accidentally nudged your car. In my defence your left front wheel is two centimetres over the parking line and in my spot. Sorry again. I would give you money to compensate for the damage but I'm broke. Not my fault. I do not know how to end the message (it's a pretty lengthy message to be writing on a windshield, anyways) and so I just leave it at that. Also, I am cold and this ridiculous hipster outfit Drew made me dress in is completely soaked through by now. And of course, because