Hello everyone. I'm sorry I disappeared for so long, but to be honest I didn't have the time or the motivation to write anything. Things have been though in my country, and it's taken an emotional toll from me, you have no idea. My eyes are filling up just by writing this. For those of you who don't know, I live in Venezuela. If you have no idea what's been happening over here, I suggest you do some research about it. Last Sunday (July 9 th , 2017) was our 100 day mark in continuous rebellion against Nicolas Maduro's regimen. I will offer you more information below the cut at the end. Writing this was especially hard, so I hope you enjoy it. I don't own The Hunger Games, but all mistakes belong to me. Peeta Mellark was a political leader in the troublesome country of Panem –which had been ruled by the tyrant Coriolanus Snow for the past 19 years–. Peeta had earned several degrees in Sociology and Economic sciences, and years later, he received a Masters in Public Policy from Harvard University, and then an honorary Doctor of Laws Degree. He'd also been in prison for the past three and a half years. … Katniss woke up with a start, unaware of her surroundings. She looked around, eyes wide, until she recognized her bedroom, then tensed up again when she felt someone's arm heavy on her chest. Instantly, the figure pulled her closer and gave a pleased sigh on her shoulder. Yesterday's events came back to her. Peeta was home. She burrowed deeper into his chest and tried to keep the tears away as the memories of the past three years overwhelmed her, almost crushing her. She was so, so tired, but she felt that if she closed her eyes he'd disappear. Earlier, she had been unwilling to go to sleep, but after hours of making love with Peeta, and noticing the deep, purple bags under his eyes, she wouldn't deny him taking a nap with his wife for the first time in three years. His breaths were steady, and they kept her at ease. They made her realize that it was real. He was here with her. She had never been so thankful for his snoring in her life. She tried not to move, so he wouldn't wake, but the moment she shifted in his arms he went stiff and instantly sat up, looking around nervously until his eyes focused on her. Her heart broke. He'd always been a deep sleeper, but now, every little movement would wake him. It outraged her, knowing that due to all the tortures he received in that place he felt he needed to be alert even in his sleep. "I'm sorry I woke you," she spoke silently in the dark. He rubbed his eyes, "It's okay. Why were you up?" She shrugged. "Couldn't sleep," he didn't have to ask her why. He knew why. Instead he lay back on the bed and opened his arms to welcome her in. She didn't need to be told twice. She crawled back into her safe place, but instead of settling on his chest she reached up until she found his lips, devouring him. Peeta groaned and shifted, pulling her on top of him as his hands caressed her nude back. He moaned, "Katniss," She didn't answer, only moved his hands from her back to her breasts as she explored his mouth confidently, both their bodies already naked from their previous activities in the early afternoon. He gripped and squeezed and kissed every part of her he could reach, while she moaned to encourage him on. She could feel his urge straining against her belly. His face was barely visible to her, her eyes still adjusting to the dark, but she didn't need to see him, feeling how right his form fit against hers was enough. She reached between them and stroked him, their mouths still fused together. She wasted no time in sliding him inside her, and she pulled back to keen loudly, Peeta now nipping the pulse point on her neck. When they –unfairly– took him and threw him in jail she vowed she wouldn't break. She needed to be strong. She had to move and influence the masses and do her best to get him out. She swore she would get him out. She knew that if she let herself fall, she'd never get back on her feet. So she travelled and reached to the international community. She directed political movements. She did everything she could, but it still wasn't enough. They didn't get him out because of what she did, but because the most important political figures of the world were breathing down Snow's neck about the past 100 days of violence in the country. Peeta was still a prisoner, though. They gave him house arrest for the next eleven years (that if they didn't change their minds and threw him back in that fucking prison), but this was a step closer, a brim of hope. Hope that the end was close. She didn't care why or whom they did it for, all she cared about was him, being right where he belonged: with her. So now, with him moving inside her and breathing her name in her ear, she let her body fall over the cliff. … The next morning when she woke she found the bed empty next to her, the sheets cool. She panicked. "Peeta?" Then she screeched: "Peeta?!" She ran from the bed and took her robe from the closet where she'd left it the day before –not noticing Peeta's clothes thrown haphazardly across the room– hastily tying it and running down the stairs… Only to collide with her husband, making him fall with her on top of him. He groaned, then looked up at her alarmingly, "Are you okay?" he ran his hands over her, checking for injuries. She didn't answer, only stayed on top of him, hugging him closer. "Katniss?" "Don't worry, I'm fine. I just…" she sighed. "I thought everything had been a dream. You weren't there when I woke up, so I thought…" He felt her shiver. "I'm here. I swear I'm here." They stayed there for a few more minutes. Not talking, just lying on the floor, holding each other. He broke the silence, "I'm sorry I wasn't there when you woke up. I woke up a few hours ago and couldn't go back to sleep, and you looked so peaceful I didn't have the heart to wake you up for another round," he smirked. It'd been a while since she'd seen him looking so amused. She snorted, "You know I'm never too tired for that," she joked, rejoicing in the sound of his humorous laughter. "I'll keep that in mind," She pulled herself up, then tended her hand to help him stand. As soon as he was up she tugged him closer and joined their lips together. They kept kissing for minutes (hours?) until her stomach rumbled loudly, and they broke apart. He laughed against her lips and then pecked her forehead lovingly. "C'mon," he took her hand in his and led her into the kitchen. Katniss couldn't help but notice the ease with which he moved in their home. They'd been married two years and living in a small and stuffy apartment before buying and moving into this house. He'd barely spent a year in their new home by the moment he was imprisoned. He pulled her into the kitchen, and she noticed the dough rising in the counter. She knew he liked to bake when he was stressed. She made a mental note to call Haymitch and ask him to move some contacts so she could buy Peeta a few bags of all-purpose flour so he could bake all he wanted, although that might be difficult, and expensive. The severe shortage of food increased every day, as did the number of people eating from garbage cans on the street. After making breakfast and eating together, Katniss decided to take a look at her phone. She'd forgotten the damn thing since yesterday morning after she was informed they were bringing Peeta home. The phone was almost dead, and it was exploding with notifications. She noticed a big number of missed calls were from Finnick. She'd call him back. Someday. She knew she couldn't do this. She couldn't shut the country out. She knew just because her husband was home that didn't mean the war was over, far from it. They still had to fight for his full liberation, and for the liberation of the 2000 people imprisoned unfairly. They had to make it right, for the 95 people who lost their lives, fighting for the freedom they deserved. For the mothers who lost their children. Because that's what they were: children. Most of the dead had been kids between 17 and 22 years old. They didn't get to know any government other than the scumbags that had been ruling the country for the past 19 years. Her traitorous mind whispered in her ear, saying it wasn't Katniss or Peeta's responsibility to take the rails in the war. Katniss was ashamed to admit that if Peeta had been fully released she would have already bought their plane tickets to leave that inferno behind. They were kids when they got married, fresh out of college and with a head full of dreams. Before he proposed, Peeta told (warned?) Katniss how much he loved their country, how he would always fight to make justice, how he'd never leave, and he'd help recover it from the hands of those who sucked the life out of their mother land. It's okay, she'd said, because she loved their country as much as he did, and she'd vowed to fight alongside him. But now, years later, how could she feel the same after so much had been taken from them? Her train of thought broke as she heard voices outside. Curious, she got up from the table and walked to the curtain-covered window. She smiled when she looked at the crowd outside. Peeta was released from prison before dawn the day before, and by 7 in the morning the big news had spread like wildfire. By 10 in the morning their front porch was crowded with at least 500 people, everyone wanting to get a look of the newly released Peeta Mellark after being held captive for the past three and a half years. Katniss was afraid of him going out; she was scared that there would be some Snow-sympathizer that would hurt Peeta as soon as they had him in clear sight. But Peeta, being the leader he is, couldn't ignore the calls from his people. He'd climbed to the roof of their house where everyone could see him, a Panem flag tied around his neck like a cape. The crowd went wild as soon as they saw him. They instantly started taking pictures and intonating the national anthem. She even saw many of them crying, and she started crying herself. Peeta was on the roof, waving the flag around and singing with the crowd. As soon as the song was over he gave a short speech, encouraging everyone to keep protesting. We're close , he'd said, and everyone cheered. " I didn't negotiate my way out. I don't mind going back to jail if that means freedom for my people and my country. I'll do whatever it takes," he promised. He was a sign of hope for the citizens. And today, again, there was another crowd in front of their house as large as yesterday's. Maybe even larger. She didn't notice Peeta was next to her until he spoke: "So they're here again," "Yup," she confirmed. "Are you going outside?" "They came to see me, it's the least I can do," he went upstairs to change. A few minutes later, still looking on from the