Author's Note: this is my first fanfiction for this Fandom. I deleted my old stories, they were way too embarrasing haha. I hope you guys enjoy this. I wanted to post this earlier, but time didn't agree with me. Here it is, though, fluffy and gushy as they can get. It's set in a Modern AU, on Christmas time. Please review and I hope you like it :) oh, and credits to the person who drew my avatar. I just found it on Google and thought it was insanely cool. The characters belong to the Hunger Games Trilogy by Suzanne Collins. December 25 th The snow fell from the sky, coating every surface in a thick, but soft, white layer. The bay window from the master bedroom -where Katniss oftenly liked to sit and read-, was covered almost in its totality by snow, dimming the little light that was streaming through it, making the room seem darker than it should be. Peeta was wide awake, as he had been for almost an hour now, baker hours certanly weren't agreeing with him right now, when he should be trying to get some more sleep, but right now that didn't seem possible. Katniss was fast asleep next him, her soft breaths hitting his chest and her eyes closed in what looked to be a peaceful dream. He felt his love for this woman seeping through his bones. He looked down at her and couldn't help but smile, instinctively and almost without meaning to he aqueezed her a little tighter to him, and she shifted in her sleep. "I can feel you staring. Again," she grumbled sleepily and he chuckled, kissing her forehead. "You know I can't help it, I'm in a trance with your beauty. Merry Christmas, my love," He watched those beautiful grey eyes he felt gave meaning to his life flutter open, still clouded with sleep, and leaned his head down to give her a kiss. After they broke apart, he whispered against her lips "Sorry I woke you up," She smiled at him. "Merry Christmas to you too, and, you didn't, I was just lazing around before deciding to get up," "You can go back to sleep, baby, it's barely 6 a.m," "And miss the look on our daughter's face when she sees all the presents under the Christmas tree? Nuh uh, Peeta," she sat up in bed, clutching the sheet to her bare chest. They were too tired after their activities last night to dress again, which was careless of them considering their daughter sometimes had the habit of sneaking into their room in the middle of the night. Luckily, last night hadn't been one of them. He playfully snatched the white sheet from her chest, and ignoring her cry of indignation, pushed her back agaisnt the bed, careful not to put any extra weight on the area of her stomach, and kissed her senseless. After a few minutes of what can only be called making out, Katniss went to retrieve her lips from his, but he wouldn't budge. "Peeta, we have to get up, so we can get breakfast started." She mumbled between kisses "We still have a few more minutes," his mouth started kissing its path down, as her own mouth started emiting soft groans, her body traitorous against her own will. With some willpower she didn't know she had, she pushed him away and quickly stood from the bed, grabbing Peeta's t-shirt from its place on the floor where she hastily tossed it off him last night, she put it on and ran into the bathroom, watching him over her shoulder still sitting on the bed. "You're mean, you know that?" Peeta shook his head as he grabbed a pair of boxers from the underwear drawer. He heard Katniss's snort all the way from the bathroom "I'm so far from being mean, especially after you see what I bought you for Christmas," "I know you're not mean, you're just… a tease," he walked into their bathroom and hugger her, her back to his front, hiding his smile against her shoulder, where he pressed a small kiss. "A tease? Yeah, right. Don't worry darling, we'll finish what you started tonight," she smirked. "Right now we have to go downstairs and get the food started," Peeta frowned, and it didn't go unnoticed by Katniss. She turned around and softly stroked his cheek with her fingers. "Peeta, I feel fine, I wouldn't be offering to cook breakfast if I didn't feel like it, please stop worrying," her gaze met his and he pressed a kiss to her temple. "I know, its just that… you know it's impossible for me not to worry, and besides, the doctor said you need to rest," he pulled apart and ran his hands over Katniss's seven-month pregnant belly. "Peeta, I agreed to stop going hunting until I conclude my pregnancy, for the baby's safety, but you treat me like a porcelain doll," she crossed her arms and huffed. "You barely let me get close to the kitchen and you hired that cleaning lady so I don't have to worry about it, and I appreciate it, but I feel useless. You still keep your baker hours and make breakfast and you usually cook lunch, and when you get home, completely worn out, you insist in cooking dinner, I want to help you." Most wives wouldn't be complaining about this, almost expecting their husbands to hire someone for the cleaning and cooking so they wouldn't have to do it. Katniss was grateful that she had a husband as understanding and caring as Peeta, but her heart ached everytime she watched him come through the door, covered in flour, after what usually are long 13 hours shifts at his bakery, and instead of getting to sit down and eat a nice meal, he had to prepare it. She felt like the worst wife ever. Some days she would have the food ready when he got home, and while he said she shouldn't be stuck in the kitchen, his eyes showed gratefulness and relief. Peeta loved cooking, but it wasn't his favorite activity after working all day long. Some days that Peeta couldn't make it to the house by lunch time because he was so busy at the bakery, Katniss packed lunch for the three of them, picked their daughter up from preschool by the time she got out, and they surprised Peeta with lunch at the bakery. She felt her heart melt at the looks he shot at them every time they surprised him with lunch at the bakery, and their daughter was much like her father, she loved baking, therefore, she adored spending time in the bakery. When Katniss was 5 months into her pregnancy, in one of her usual hunting trips, she tripped –she blamed it on her pregnant feet-, and fell downhill in the woods, hitting her back and head in the process. She was unconscious for over two hours. When she woke up disorientated the first thing she did was check on her stomach, and felt her blood turn cold when, the baby, who had been moving nonstop for the past days, was very still. She sat there hugging her stomach and silently crying for what seemed like hours, but were only 30 minutes according to her handwatch –a present from Peeta- that surpringsily, didn't break during the fall. It took her forever to pull herself together and get up, ignoring the pain in her temple and upper back, she walked carefully back to the house, both hands holding her stomach. Peeta was losing his mind, it happened on a Sunday, so while Katniss was hunting Peeta stayed home with their daughter. He tried not to let his stress show so his daughter didn't worry, but at 4 years old she was very intuitive, and when she noticed the time on the clock she kept asking, "Daddy, when is Mommy coming home?", "Daddy, it's dark out, why isn't Mommy here yet?". He called Haymitch and told him to come over and babysit her while Peeta went to look for Katniss. When he was by the edge of the woods he saw her coming through the thick trees, pale as a sheet, he ran towards her and when she looked at him she burst into tears, and begged him to take her to the hospital. Thankfully, nor the baby or Katniss had any severe injuries. Actually, the baby was fine, Katniss was the one who took the hardest part of the fall, which she said she deserved. Peeta tried to talk her out of it, he never liked that she went hunting while pregnant, but the woods were a vital part of her, and he respected that, as long as she took precautions. After the doctor's many reafirmations that by some myracle, the baby was perfectly healthy, he recommended –in Peeta's ears,the doctor ordered - that Katniss rested, she agreed to stop going hunting until after the baby was born, for its sake. And Peeta's. Katniss felt like an idiot. She tripped on a fucking tree root. The little shit was the size of her foot. Peeta took a week off work after that to take care of her and their daughter, he didn't want Katniss to even get up from bed unless it was Mother Nature calling, which she endured for a few days, but she wasn't used to not doing anything, so she started with small things like doing the dishes and taking out the trash, she went like that until she considered she was fine enough to clean and cook meals, although Peeta wasn't okay with that. She couldn't go hunting in the day, so she started knitting, which turned out to be a complete failure, since she didn't have the patience for it. She started reading books, of any kind, mistery, romance, horror, maternity, she even dared to go into erotics. Not good. It was fair to say she got bored out of her mind. And in the afternoon when her daughter was out of school they ate lunch together, she had her nap, and when she woke up, Katniss would read to her, take her to the park, to the movies, she even signed up for one of those Mommy & Me classes. Katniss hated it, and her daughter didn't seem to be a fan of it either. They didn't go back after the second class. Some days, they would spend all afternoon in the bakery, their daughter helping her father with the baked goods while Katniss attended up front. He was okay with her helping before the accident. 2 months had passed after her fall, but her husband was still treating her like she was a baby. Last night had been the third time since the fall that they had had sex. The first month Peeta refused to touch her, no matter how much she claimed she was feeling fine. It was a relief to see him acting so flirty and ravenous for her this morning. Something in her mind whispered that he didn't want to touch her because she was bloating like a balloon, but Peeta always told her how beautiful she was, and in his eyes all she ever saw was nothing but pure love and adoration. It made her love him –and want to jump him- even more. Peeta sighed, "Fine, if you really want to help in the kitchen…" Katniss gave him a dazzling smile and gave him a kiss that was over before he could even savour it. He went to put his PJ's on so he could go down to the kitchen, but Katniss's "Wait!" stopped him in his tracks. "Before you get dressed, I want to show you something," she went back and forth in her feet. What made him narrow his eyes was the playful and devilish glint she had in her own eyes. "Sit," she pushed him into