Author's note: Hello everyone, it feels nice to be back. I have wanted to write something new for weeks –months, even–, but life has gotten in my way. Somehow, I decided to make up the time for this. This one-shot was inspired by a song, written by Melendi. He's a Spanish singer and songwriter. His songs are truly amazing and when I heard this song it just yelled "EVERLARK" at me. I needed to write something about it. Remember English is not my native language so don't be surprised if you notice some mistakes further in the story. All mistakes are mine. As always, THG and all its characters belong to the lovely Suzanne Collins. He's staring down at her adoringly as she sleeps, and he wonders how someone can look so peaceful in their slumber when they scowl all day long. The thought makes him chuckle. He softly runs a finger down the side of her face; from her temple to her cheekbone and then to the curve of her mouth and down her neck until he gets to her exposed shoulder. He doesn't want to wake her, but he doesn't know if he can resist not putting his mouth on her skin for much longer. He feels like it's been an eternity since they last kissed, even though it hasn't been more than an hour. Is this what true love feels like, Peeta wonders, feeling like you'll never have enough of that person? His intentions of not waking her fail. She stretches her limbs like a cat and nearly purrs. She opens her eyes and as they lazily focus on him a pleased smile erupts in her lips, still swollen from their kisses. She grabs the nape of his neck and pulls him down, nuzzling his nose with hers. He's held off for too long, he finally decides, and presses their lips together. She gives a satisfied moan while pulling him closer, and he settles between her legs, caressing her thigh and then her backside. His brain feels mushy, the way it always feels when she is kissing him, but he concentrates hard enough to reach into the nightstand in the left side of the king sized bed for the box of condoms they've been using the past few hours. He tears his mouth from hers so he can see what he's doing, and she takes that to her advantage and starts sucking the lobe of his ear. He picks up one foil wrapper and realizes there are only two left. He makes a quick mental note to go pick up some more before nightfall. Peeta rips open the silver package and wraps the prophylactic down his length, hissing as he does it. After he's covered himself completely he doesn't waste another minute and joins their bodies together. Katniss moans loudly beneath him and he groans in her ear, feeling the goosebumps rise in her skin. He thrusts slowly and then faster inside her, and she sings and sighs and whimpers. He kisses her ear, her mouth, her neck, her collarbone and then her breasts, feeling her heartbeat pick up. As their sweaty bodies are slapping together and her walls are closing around him, he bites his lip hard to contain himself from ending this too soon. Her soft fingers stroke his cheekbone, and her words come out in pants as she talks. "I'm close," she says, "Let go, Peeta." She kisses him again and purposely squeezes her walls tighter around his shaft while also squeezing his butt; and the realization that he's here, doing this with her, is suddenly too much. He groans against her mouth and spurts inside the condom, and with a few more drives inside her Katniss cries out in ecstasy. He stays inside her for a few more minutes, waiting until their breathing slows down. When he realizes he's putting too much weight on her he begrudgingly stands up and disposes of the condom. He grabs a towel from the bathroom counter and runs it down warm water, and then he walks back into the bedroom where Katniss is moving to stand up. He gently pushes her back on the bed. "Again?" she smirks. He snorts "Give a guy some time to recover," he runs the towel between her legs and cleans the proof of their lovemaking. He throws it into the dirty laundry hamper and sits back on the bed just as she stands. "Where are you going?" he calls after her. "To take a bath," she walks into the bathroom and almost instantly the shower comes on. Peeta goes to push himself up from the bed as her voice resonates from the other room, "And don't even think about joining me in here." His mouth hangs open and he huffs, "Well why not?" "Because, if you join me we'll probably have sex again and we've already spent all afternoon going at it and I've got tests to grade that need to be handed out on Monday," He stiffens a little, surprised that she decided to acknowledge the elephant that appears in the room when they are alone. She seems to notice it too, because she suddenly falls quiet. He tries to disperse some of the tension in the room by joking, "Well, you sure weren't complaining earlier," "Ha!" He can't stand the silence that follows, so he puts on some music just as she comes out of the shower, skin still glistening from the water, clad only in a small towel that leaves little to the imagination. Once she stands in front of her closet she drops the towel, baring herself to him. As she searches in a cabinet for her underwear, she starts humming and swaying to the rhythm, and he admires hungrily her body. Her perky breasts, her full hips, her round butt, legs that seem to go on forever… he wants to memorize every single detail about the canvas that is her body. As if sensing he was having thoughts about her, she turns around and locks her eyes on his. She notices what he was doing and gives him a genuine smile. The sunlight streaming through the window reflects on her, and he swears she looks like and angel. "Let's go somewhere," his mouth says the words before his brain can process. She turns to look at him, "Go? We've both got things to do–" He saunters over to her quickly and takes her face in his hands, looking deep into her eyes. "I know. I know we do. But just for this once, can't we be irresponsible and put ourselves first?" The look she gives him cracks his heart, and he knows what she's going to say before she says it, "Peeta, you know if anyone sees–" "I know , okay? Trust me, please; I know a place we can go where no one would see us," he puts his forehead against hers and closes his eyes, feeling her eyelashes flutter against his cheeks. She knows how precious are these moments they get to be with each other, but she also values responsibility, and she hates being anything but responsible, especially with her job. But he can sense her giving in to his suggestion. "Okay." He kisses her hard. They're both ready to go half an hour later. They go out and walk towards where he parked his motorcycle, and when he hands her his extra helmet she gives a grimace. She's never liked his bike so much. He's been doing some saving to try and buy a car. The whole ride she keeps her arms tight around his waist, and constantly presses kisses to his shoulder blades. Once they get to their destination he helps her get off, and her mouth hangs open at the view. "Wow." She says in awe. "How do you know this place?" "In Freshman year I was wandering around trying to get to know the city and somehow ended up here. It's been my safe place since," He wraps his arms around her. They're standing at the hill that overlooks the whole city of Panem. To get there it takes nearly an hour from campus, so he supposes there is no risk of running into someone from Capitol U. There is a higher and more impressive view, but his bike can't get up there and he and Katniss didn't go exactly prepared to go hiking. "Thank you for bringing me here," she says and leans back against him. "I want to freeze this moment and live in it forever," he says after a while. They keep quiet for a few more minutes, looking the horizon and the sunset, and here, the wind blowing in her face with the crowed city below them, Katniss thinks she's never felt freer. "I'll allow it," she says. She's late, Peeta thinks. It's been ten minutes since the class was supposed to start, but the teacher wasn't there yet. There's an excited buzz around the class, most of the students thinking they'll probably get the period off. "You okay, Peeta? You look a little lost," Madge says. "What? Oh yeah, I'm fine don't worry," he gives her what he hopes looks like a reassuring smile. Not five minutes later, through the door waltzes a scowling dark blur with raven colored hair, a folder stacked with papers in her arms and her purse hanging from her shoulder. He feels his heart rate pick up just at the sight of her. After she drops her belongings in her desk she straightens and looks around the classroom, "Good morning," " Good morning ," the class echoes back. "I'm really sorry I'm late, my morning so far has been hell," she starts and grabs the course book from her bag. "Let's get down to business shall we? Open your book in page 87…" As their routine goes, she doesn't dare to look at him. Peeta knew who Katniss Everdeen was even before he'd been assigned to her biology class. They'd both grown up in a small town in Virginia called District 12. Katniss is 5 years older than he is but in such a small town you know everyone. Besides, he'd been in love with her since he was five years old. Ever since he heard her sing in the school assembly he knew he was a goner. He'd only talked to her a couple times when she came by his family's bakery with her sister, but they never really talked . When he was a freshman, she was a senior. As soon as she graduated high school she left that goddamned town with a scholarship to attend to Capitol U, and now she only came back for Christmas. He never got to know her better, at least not until he started in CU. They saw each other for the first time in years in campus during his freshman year, the same year Katniss had gotten her degree in Biology and had been offered a job at the university. He asked her out to dinner but she said she was a teacher there, and he confessed he was a student. He still remembers the look of disappointment in her eyes when she had to say no. After they knew she was his biology teacher she'd cut off their ties immediately and he agreed, it was the right thing to do after all. But staying away proved easier to be said than done. Coincidently they saw each other one Saturday morning in a small vintage coffee house away from campus, Peeta asked her to sit with him and she reluctantly said yes. Those were the moments he truly got to know Katniss Everdeen. Her passion for teaching and Biology and the love she felt for her sister made him feel like a little kid all over again. He was head over heels for her. They kept seeing each other in the coffee house on Saturdays, always choosing a table in