Author's note: Hello, it's me. Back again with a one shot because I'm not too busy with college this following week so I decided to write a fic that has been in the back of my mind for a while now. It's based on an Asian video; which, I think is called Kiss by J-entercom, I saw when I was a kid, and I never got over it, even 12 years later. I hope you like it. All mistakes are mine. Warning: might be triggering. I noticed some new reviews from a Guest on my Just another student fic, and they had some questions. I guess this is the only way I could contact them? Hopefully, they'll read this. Guest 1: I'm not from the U.S., and I'm not exactly sure how the system there works, but where I study it might be a little different. You do sign up for the classes you want to take, but in some cases, you don't get to choose the teacher. You build your schedule the way it works the best for you, and once the inscription period is over, the teacher selects the course that fits best with their own schedule. Sometimes you don't even get to know the teachers you might get because they're constantly being rotated with teachers from other schools (ex: Katniss is a biology teacher in medicine school, but the following semester she could be rotated to nursing school, or microbiology school, since it's the same subject). The subject being biology, of course Peeta had to take it, and without knowing it, Katniss chose the course Peeta was in. Perhaps "assigned" wasn't the best term I could have used. I hope this wasn't too confusing. Thank you for reviewing! Guest 2: I can see why you would be confused. If you notice, in the first chapter, Peeta talks about how he has been studying for four semesters, and Katniss has been his teacher for two of those, not counting the fifth semester, which we encounter at the end of chapter 1. Four semesters equals two years. The second chapter picks up three years later, and Peeta just graduated PU six months ago. It sums up nearly 5 years of studying until he got his degree, not just a couple of years. I based my calculations on the way the system works where I live, which is 5 years, graduating with a degree in general medicine, and after, 3 more years of internship for the specialization you choose. My parents are both doctors, so I was very careful to ask them about the whole process and timing before I submitted the story. I'm sorry if I made any miscalculations. Thank you for reviewing! I don't own the video, or THG characters. She was late. This was the third time this month, and if Thread caught her getting in late again he'd have her head. Sae, the cook, would always try covering up for her but there's only so much the old woman can do. It was Katniss's fault, really. But she had been so exhausted lately that the alarm clock sounded very far away in the mornings when it was time for her to wake up. She was only two months away from graduating community college, and working half time and studying until nine pm had taken its toll on her. But after four years, she was so close to making it. She could already see the diploma on her hand and with it a new job where she could do what she loved, where she didn't have to scrap by to pay for her and Prim's bills. She was walking fast; almost running, down the street. She took a shortcut by the park, hoping to avoid the usual morning rush. She saw the crooked Diner sign that hangs over the roof. Her hair was loose on her shoulders, because in her haste to leave the apartment she forgot to pick her hair band from the bathroom counter. She was tired of pulling it back behind her ear, considering it never remained that way, so she stubbornly decided to let it be. She was too concentrated on just getting there on time she didn't see the photography equipment she just bypassed, or the blonde guy aiming the camera at a woman standing behind her. She noticed a blur next to her and turned to look just as the man snapped the shot, framing her instead of the woman. He seemed astonished as he looked at his camera and then back at her. He smiled shyly, and she admired the blue of his eyes, dimpled cheeks, white teeth, genuine smile and strong jaw. They were frozen, taking each other in and just standing there, and Katniss almost forgot that she should have been at work nearly ten minutes ago. Almost, until a throat clearing breaks their spell. "Excuse me, do you mind?" the woman behind her barked, "You're in the middle of the shot," That was when she became aware of all the equipment around her. She turned to look at the annoyed eyes of the model and then at the photographer, "I'm so sorry," she said quietly. "I didn't realize." "Clearly," she thought she heard the blonde woman whisper. Katniss scowled but didn't spare her a glance. The man just chuckled and smiled. Honestly, did her ever stop smiling? "It's okay, really," he said gleefully, "it's a great shot anyway," She could feel herself blushing 50 shades of red, "Oh no, you don't want me in your camera. I'm surprised the lens didn't break," he laughed. The blonde tapped her foot impatiently behind Katniss. Just then it came to her attention that she didn't know how long she had been standing there gawking at the blonde man. "I'm really sorry," she said once again and apologized to the woman too just out of courtesy, not because she deserved it. She walked away the block left to the diner, and through the walk she could feel a pair of eyes following her every step. She never turned around to look. She stepped in hurriedly and soundless to the kitchen, praying that Thread hadn't noticed her tardiness. Sae smiled when she walked through the doors. "Don't worry child," she smirked, "he's not here yet. It must be your lucky day," Katniss sighed in relief and tied her apron behind her back. She tended to her tables, looking forward to when she could finally go home to her sister. When Thread walked in he saw her waiting her tables and looked at her suspiciously before giving a grunt and moving to his office. Sae gave her thumbs up and Katniss returned the affect with a small smile. She definitely didn't; nor did she try, to look out the windows to the handsome guy that now had a picture of her in his camera. . . . He was dead on his feet by the time he got home. The camera might love Glimmer, but she was certainly a handful. He had to go over many of her shots because she didn't like the way her hair was styled, or because one of her eyebrows looked funny, and so on. He wished models weren't so damn complicated. He decided to get the whole Glimmer business over with and went inside his dark room so he could develop the photos and get Glimmer off breathing down his neck. He set up the five trays with the developer, stop bath, fixer, water and hypo clear and removed the roll from his camera. He cleaned and adjusted the negatives correctly and then inserted them inside the enlarger. He tested the pictures first, and once he was satisfied with the measurements he printed them. He sank the paper in the developer with a pair of tweezers and then rinsed it in water, doing the same with the rest of the chemicals until the picture was ready to dry. He had most of the photos already drying when he revealed the photograph of a girl with dark hair and gray eyes. It came off as a contrast in between all the blonde haired and blue eyed snaps he had. Between Glimmer and her tantrums he had forgotten about the beauty that stepped in front of his camera. He smiled at the picture. She looked so embarrassed when she noticed what she had done, but he didn't have the heart to delete such an image. He hadn't been lying to her; the photo was actually pretty great. She looked natural and her facial expressions were relaxed. He'd keep it for his collection. During the rest of the afternoon he couldn't stop thinking about the girl. The way her eyes shone and her hair flowed with the wind. And he knew where she worked. He saw her in her waitress uniform and then as she stepped inside that diner on the 3rd, he just put the dots together. Maybe he could stop by and give her the picture? Would she find creepy that he developed it even when she said he should delete it? Perhaps he'll just drop by and eat something, hoping he'll at least get her name. . . . She stepped inside her home and slumped against the door, feeling like she was going to pass out. Sadly, she couldn't. She had a final tomorrow and she only knew half the lesson. Thankfully, she already passed that class so she didn't have much to worry about. She heard Prim fumbling in the kitchen and went to greet her. "Hi little duck," Katniss yawned. Prim rolled her eyes, "I'm almost 19, Katniss," she shrugged. "You're still my baby sister," she kissed her cheek. "How was work today?" her sister asked as the poured pasta into two bowls. Hellish, is what she wanted to say, "Same as every day, I guess," she said instead. Prim looked at her pityingly and set both their bowls in the table. "So," Prim coughed, "I wanted to talk to you about something." Please don't be pregnant, Katniss sent a silent prayer but tried to play it cool on the outside, "Sure," "You know my friend Rue?" Katniss's mind went to the small chocolate skinned girl that had been Prim's friend since they were freshmen. They graduated high school last summer and have remained friends. She nodded and digged in to her pasta, "Yeah," "Well, her brother Thresh has this friend, and he's a professional photographer, as he takes photographs for different magazines, not those who only photograph weddings and Bar Mitzvahs. Anyway, the other day when I was over at her place he was there and we talked and I told him I really liked photography and he offered to be my mentor. I'd be like his assistant and he would teach me stuff and all that, and we wouldn't have to pay him for teaching me. Isn't it great?" Katniss frowned, "So a professional photographer wants an inexperienced 18 year old to be his assistant? I'm not buying it Prim," He sister's face dropped, "I know what you're thinking, but he's not like that. He's been Thresh's friend since childhood and I've met him a few times. He seems like a really good guy, and he's not that old, he's around your age!" She sighed. "What about nurse training? You have wanted to be a nurse since you were a kid," Prim looked down as if in embarrassment, "I still want that. I just think we should wait until you graduate; we're already struggling as it is with your student loans. We don't need to add mine to the list." "Prim…" Katniss said tearfully. "I don't want you to put you dreams on hold because of me," "You have done that same thing for me ever since Dad, and then Mom…" she carried away. "You're so close to graduating anyway, I can wait until next semester," Prim gave her a wide smile.