Twilight is not mine. *Tissue warning just to be on the safe side* Chapter1: DEATH I couldn't believe I was up a mountain in the middle of nowhere waiting for tragedy to strike. I waited patiently in the tent with Edward, Jacob having just run off to join the others before the action started. Hopefully I had convinced him to be careful and return. I still can't imagine that I had actually kissed him as an incentive to come back – alive. What was I thinking? I knew Jacob loved me but he also knew how I felt about Edward that would never change. Maybe the kiss had been a plea for my best-friend or an apology for choosing his enemy. Jake knew that I only saw him as a friend but he had constantly pushed-the-envelop in our friendship. Now I sat in the tent hating myself. I was relieved Jasper wasn't here to tattle on my feelings to Edward. I'm not sure he would actually do that but I didn't want to take the chance of Edward picking it up in his head. I gazed at Edward and his eyes were unfocused on the tent door, he was listening to someone's thoughts – Seth. I bet Jake was gloating about our kiss to everyone in the pack right about now. I crawled into Edward's lap and straddled his legs. I threw my arms around his neck, running my fingers through the hair at the base of his head. "I love you more than anything else in the world, even oxygen. I don't care that it's cold. I don't care that I reek of wet dog right now. I don't care if you're angry with me. Make me forget all about him. Make me forget what my own name is. Make me forget about the world. Make me yours. Fight back – win!" I didn't wait for him to make a decision – or to have the chance to tell me no, or reject me. I pressed myself against his chest and crushed my mouth to his ice-cold lips. His lips imitated the pressure and intimacy as he returned the kiss. It was refreshing, invigorating, it was a frozen heaven, and it was home. "Careful now, love," he murmured under my insistent kiss. "Definitely not," I growled against his lips. It suddenly went very quiet, that was our only warning of impending danger. I heard the deep gasp of Seth's breathing cut off, and a low growl from outside the tent. I stopped breathing also, too frightened to even make my lungs work properly. I realized that Edward had frozen into a stiff block of ice beneath me. Someone or something was close and getting closer. I wasn't exactly sure how or when it happened, but I found myself on my feet and the tent was falling around us in tattered shreds. Did Edward rip our tent to pieces? Why had he done that? I blinked repeatedly as my eyes adjusted to the brilliant light. Seth was all I could make out, he stood right in front us, his face only inches from Edward's. They stared at each other with total attentiveness for one immeasurable second. The sun scattered off Edward's skin and sent sparkles dancing across Seth's fur and the newly fallen snow. And then Edward whispered immediately, "Seth, go!" I watched as the huge wolf wheeled around and disappeared into the forest shadows. Something was coming for us and the possibilities were endless. "Who is it?" I whispered from behind Edward. "Victoria," he said, spitting the word, as if it was a curse. The words came through his teeth in a snarl that was louder than I was expecting. It was too loud. It meant that it was far too late to hide. "She's not alone. She caught my scent on my way here. She's followed the newborns in to the fight to watch - she never had any intention of fighting with them. She made a spontaneous decision to find me, guessing that wherever I was you would be there as well. She was right. You were right about the killings in Seattle. It was always Victoria." She was close enough that he could hear her thoughts. We were trapped, and it didn't matter who heard us talking anymore. I sighed in relief. If it had been the Volturi, we were both dead. But with Victoria, at least one of us could survive . Edward would survive. He was a great fighter, as great as Jasper. If Victoria didn't bring too many others, he would fight his way out, and run back to his family. Edward was faster than anyone, he would make it. I was glad Edward had sent Seth away. Unfortunately, there was no one Seth could run to for help at the moment. Victoria had timed her attack perfectly. At least Seth was safe from the vengeful vamp. When I thought his name all I could picture was the gangly fifteen-year-old boy, I couldn't see the huge sandy wolf in my head. Edward's body shifted – infinitesimally, but I now knew where to look. I stared at the black shadows of the forest. It was like having my nightmares stalk forward to greet me. Two vampires edged gradually into the small opening of our camp, their eyes intent, observing everything. They glistened like diamonds in the sun. I could barely look at the blond boy - yes, he was just a boy, though he was muscular and tall, maybe my age when he was changed. His eyes - a more vivid red than I had ever seen before - could not hold mine, they were elsewhere. Victoria was staring at me from a few feet to the side and a few feet behind the blond boy. Her orange-red hair was more intense than I'd remembered, more like the brilliant fire down in La Push. There currently wasn't any wind here, but the flame around her face seemed to flicker slightly, as if it were alive. Her eyes were black with thirst. She did not smile, as she always had in my nightmares – her lips were pressed into a straight line. Her impatient, wild gaze flickered between Edward and me, but never rested on him for more than a half-second. She could not keep her eyes off my face any more than I could keep mine from hers. We were locked in a trance of sorts. Tension rolled off of her, nearly visible in the air around her. I could feel the desire, the burning passion that held her in its clutches. It was almost as if I could hear her thoughts as well, I could tell what she was thinking. She was so close to what she desired – the focal point of her whole existence for more than a year now was just so close. And that was – my death. Her plan was as predictable as it was convenient. The big blond boy would attack Edward. And Victoria would finish me as soon as Edward was adequately preoccupied. It would be quick – she had no need for games now – but it would be meticulous. It would be something that would be impossible for me to recover from. Something that even vampire venom could not repair. She'd have to stop my heart. Perhaps a hand shoved through my chest, crushing it or maybe she would snap my neck, effectively stopping everything. Something along those lines would do it. My heart beat frantically, loudly, as if to make her target on my chest more noticeable. A measureless distance away, from somewhere across the black forest, a wolf's lone howl echoed in the still air. The blond boy glanced at Victoria from the corner of his eye, waiting for her instructions. He was young in more ways than one. I presumed from his luminous crimson irises that he couldn't have been a vampire for very long. He would be strong, but inexperienced. Edward knew how to fight him. Edward would survive with no problem. Victoria nudged her chin toward Edward, wordlessly ordering the boy to take him out. "Riley," Edward spoke in a soft, earnest voice. The blond boy froze immediately, his red eyes widening in surprise. "She's lying to you, Riley," Edward told him. "Please, listen to me. She lied to you just like she lied to the others who are dying right now in the clearing. You know that she's lied to them, that she had you lie to them, that neither of you were ever going to help them. Believe me when I say that she's lied to you, too?" Bewilderment swept across Riley's face. I heard Victoria hiss at Edward's words. Edward shifted a few inches to the side, and Riley automatically compensated with a modification that matched his. "She doesn't love you, Riley." Edward's soft voice was persuasive, almost hypnotic. "She never has. She loved someone named James, and you're no more than a device to her. That's why you are all here – revenge." When he said James's name, Victoria's lips pulled back in a teeth-baring contortion. Her eyes stayed locked on me, unblinking. Riley cast an anxious glance in her direction. "Riley?" Edward said in a pleading manner. Riley involuntarily re-focused on Edward. "She knows that I will kill you, Riley. She wants you to die so that she doesn't have to keep up the deception anymore. You've seen that haven't you? You've read the unwillingness in her eyes, suspected a phony note in her promises. You were right. She's never wanted you. Every kiss, every touch was a lie. She's always been about James – her mate." Edward moved a few inches toward the boy, and a few inches away from me. Victoria's gaze zeroed in on the opening between us. It would take her less than a second to kill me – she only needed the tiniest margin of opportunity to strike. Riley repositioned himself, slower this time. "You don't have to die. There are other ways to live than the way she's shown you." Edward promised, his eyes holding the boy's. "It's not all lies and blood, Riley. You can walk away right now. You don't have to perish for her lies. Why would you want to?" Edward slid his foot forward and to the side. There was a foot of space between us now. Riley circled too far, overcompensating this time. Victoria leaned forward onto the balls of her feet, ready to spring. "This is your last chance, Riley," Edward whispered sternly. Riley's face was desperate as he looked to Victoria for reassurance that it was Edward that was lying. "He's the liar, Riley," Victoria said, and my mouth fell open in shock at the sound of her voice. "I told you about their mind games. You know I love only you." Her voice was not the strong, wild, catlike growl I would have put with her face and stance. It was soft and high - a babyish, soprano that was the kind of voice that went with blond curls and pink bubble chewing gum. It didn't make sense coming through her bared, gleaming teeth. Riley's jaw tightened, and he squared his shoulders, tensing himself to attack. His eyes hollowed – there was no more uncertainty, no more suspicion. There was no thought at all as to what he needed to do. Victoria's body seemed to be shaking, she was so tightly wound. Her fingers were ready talons, just waiting for Edward to move one more inch away from me. There was a loud snarl and it came from none of them. A colossal tan silhouette flew through the center of the opening, knocking Riley to the ground. "No!" Victoria's baby voice cried out shrill with disbelief. Two yards in front of me, the massive wolf ripped and tore at the blond vampire beneath him. Something white and hard, much like