Amazing thanks to my awesome Beta, Court81981. This story would be rushed and awkward without your help! "I'm so proud of you Katniss. I knew you could do it." My father's voice breaks a little as he pulls me in for a hug. I roll my eyes, but hug him back. "Come on Dad, we already went through this at graduation, and when we were packing up my room, and again on the drive out here to the cabin. Have you gotten it out of your system yet?" He pulls away and grabs a pillow from the backseat. "Come on, it's not everyday that my oldest daughter graduates college and gets a fancy job working at the Capitol Parks Department!" "I'm going to be a City Government worker, Dad, trust me it isn't fancy. Plus, we've got a whole week vacationing here at the cabin to be sappy before I have to start real life." I open the trunk up and pull out a bag. "Where did Mom disappear to?" "I think she is airing the house out. I wish your sister was here!" Dad walks over to the side of the house to gaze at the view of the lake behind our cabin. "Yeah, but she has band camp this week. Plus I'm sure Prim is more excited about playing Spin the Bottle with the boys at camp than going canoeing with us," I smirk. "What?" My father turns around quickly, looking alarmed. "Nothing!" I laugh, and head into the cabin. I enter the side door of the kitchen to the sound of tools working under the sink. "Hello?" I call. I notice a man in a tight pair of jeans with his head bent under the sink. A flush fills my cheeks as I notice how nicely his ass fills out the jeans. His shirt has ridden up his back, exposing a three-inch strip of bare skin and an obviously very toned mid-section. His back muscles ripple slightly as he pulls his head out from under the sink and turns around to look at me. "Katniss?" the man asks, his voice unsure. I blink as I take in his curly blonde hair and brilliant blue eyes. "Mr. Mellark?" He smiles, and his whole face lights up. "You're 22, I think you can call me Peeta now." I flush slightly and smile. Mr. Mellark—Peeta—is an old friend of my father's. I forgot that he owns and rents this cabin and the one next door as well. We used to go on vacation next door to each other for a few weeks every summer growing up. "What are you doing here?" I ask. "When your dad booked your cabin last month he mentioned I should join this year, so I took the week off work. I wasn't sure I could make it, so I didn't want to say anything to your dad until I knew for sure." He sets his wrench down in the sink. "Where's Mrs. Mel—I mean… your wife?" I stutter painfully, realizing I don't remember his wife's name. "Clove and I divorced a few years ago," he says. "Oh! I'm sorry!" I feel awkward, but am not very upset to hear this. Prim and I always secretly called her the Wicked Witch of Panem when we were growing up. "It was for the best," he says simply and wipes his hands on a towel. "Well, give me a hug! It's been too long!" He pulls me into a warm embrace, and I try not to think about how I had just been checking out his ass a few moments before. With his warm, broad chest pressed against mine, I don't succeed. "How long has it been?" he asks as we pull away. "Like eight or nine years?" I guess. "I was in braces the last time you saw me!" I inwardly cringe, remembering those awkward early teenage years. "Well, you're certainly all grown up now." I don't think he means for this to come out as suggestive, but his voice catches roughly at the end of his statement that causes a bolt of fire to land between my thighs. Both of our cheeks flush, and an awkward pause follows as we stare at each other. The silence is broken as my father's excited voice rings through the kitchen. "Peeta Mellark! It is about time you finally dragged your sorry ass along on another one of our family trips!" They embrace in a classic man-hug, slapping each other hard on the back. "What are you doing?" my dad asks with a laugh as they pull away. "The sink wasn't draining right, so I thought I'd fix it up for you before you got here and tried doing it yourself. I didn't want a repeat of the Air Conditioning Incident of 2002." Peeta laughs. "Hey! That unit was from the 1970s; it was on its last breath anyway!" my dad protests with a laugh. I decide to make an exit before I stare at Peeta in his jeans any longer. "I'm going to take a quick swim before dinner," I say. "Alright, I'm going to finish unloading the car." My dad heads back outside as I pick my bag up and head up towards the stairs. "Great to see you, Katniss!" Peeta calls. I pause and look back at him. "Looking forward to catching up… Peeta." I linger for a moment as he smiles at me before I hastily make my way up to my room. I shut the door quickly and collapse on my bed, breathing heavily. Peeta must be in his upper thirties now. Since my parents had me when they were still teenagers, they are both only 40 now. I know Peeta is a couple years younger than my parents, but am not quite sure how old he is exactly. Either way, I should not still be turned on at the sight of his ass or the feel of his broad chest against mine. He is my father's childhood friend! I grab a pillow and smother my face with it. I take the opportunity to yell into the pillow and feel moderately better. Knowing I desperately need to cool down, I grab my bathing suit from my bag. I need to get a grip. Peeta comes over for dinner that night. It goes without incident, except for when he drops an entire basket of rolls the moment I walk downstairs. I am only wearing a thin tank top and can swear I feel his eyes flit back and forth from my chest for most of the meal. He quickly excuses himself after dinner, stopping first to make plans with Dad to go hiking with us the next day. After helping Mom clean the kitchen, I lie on my bed and attempt not to think about the feel of Peeta's hand on mine. He had passed me the water pitcher during dinner and his rough touch caused tingles to travel up my arm. I remember the last long vacation we spent with Peeta and his ex-wife. Peeta and I went for a canoe ride around the lake every morning before breakfast as the sun was rising. He and I were both early risers, and I enjoyed learning how to canoe with him. We would paddle to the islands in the middle of the lake sometimes so we could find cliffs to jump off together. I always thought Mr. Mellark—Peeta—was handsome when I was a teenager. But now as an adult, I can admit that he is…hot. Just being around him makes my body feel like it is finally awake. I feel hyperaware, as if there were steady hum of nervous energy pulsing through me. As I lie on the bed, my hand lying across my stomach, I suddenly imagine it is Peeta's hand on my stomach. I wonder how it might feel if he were to drag it up my stomach and cup my breast. I pop up quickly out of bed, heart thudding. I will not masturbate while imagining my dad's friend. He is old enough to be my father. I quietly move downstairs and grab an open bottle of red wine leftover from dinner and a glass. I hear the quiet noise of the TV from my parents' room down the hall. Quietly, I slide the glass door open and head over to the dock. I slip my feet down into the water and pour myself a generous glass of wine. I sit for a half an hour, enjoying the sound of the water lapping against the dock and the crickets on the bank. The wine gives me a pleasant, relaxing buzz as I look up at the full moon and stars. Just as I am about to refill my glass, I hear loud footsteps walking up the pier behind me. I glance in their direction and see Peeta walking up the pier, barefoot. "I feel like I should scold you for drinking wine, but I forget you are over 21 now." He smiles and sits down on the dock a few feet from me. "Like you said earlier, I'm all grown up now." The wine is making me bolder, because my voice comes out more like a purr. He stares at me intensely as I take a slow sip of my wine. I see his strong jaw move as his mouth opens and closes again. "Want some?" I hold the bottle out to him. He holds up a bottle of beer in his right hand, which I didn't notice he was holding until now. "I'm good." We sit in companionable silence for a little while. "Your dad told me that you got a job working in the Capitol?" he questions. "Yeah, working for the Parks Department." "You can always give me a call if you need good restaurant recommendations," Peeta says, taking a sip of his beer. "I moved downtown after the divorce to be closer to the bakery." Peeta's father passed away suddenly from a heart attack the fall after the last summer that we spent our vacation with Peeta and his wife. I remembered the funeral, and hearing from my father that Peeta was going to take over the bakery. I nod. "I just found an apartment with my friend Johanna on 7th near the park." "That's a good area. I'm a couple blocks away on 5th." "We should grab a beer together sometime." I take another sip of wine and raise an eyebrow at him. The wine pulsing through my veins is making me reckless. He runs a nervous hand through his blonde curls, which seem to shine in the moonlight. I notice that his curls, which had been so unruly when he was younger, seemed to have tamed a bit with age. "Uh, sure." His voice sounds strangled. "Is the bakery why you weren't able to come on vacation with our family anymore? I noticed that you stopped coming with us after you took over." "Yeah, it was the first year or two. Clove didn't really like coming out here, so…" he trails off. There is a pause. "You two never really seemed like you fit together." He considers me for a moment before answering. "Yeah, she was a girly girl. Never really liked being out on the water out in nature like me. There were a lot of reasons for the divorce though." I nod. A breeze comes through, leaving a trail of goose bumps across my arms. I pull my legs out of the lake and wrap my arms around myself. I am still wearing the tank top and am embarrassed to notice that my nipples are standing at full attention in the cold. I wonder if he noticed. "Here, take my sweatshirt." I look over to see that Peeta has already taken his sweatshirt off and is handing it to me. "Are you sure?" I question. "Yeah, actually I should probably go in anyway" He moves to