Dappled Shadows and Flagstone Floors (First in the BFS Series) westel It was the year 1386 in Shire-reckoning, in the early fall when apples were ripe for the picking and the late summer rains had produced vast crops of hay and barley. The teenager sat under a lone tree near a golden hay-field, his nose buried in the sack of mushrooms he'd pilfered from Farmer Maggot's crop. It was only a quarter-peck - nothing the old gaffer would miss out of his abundance. Maggot's fields were well-known in the area, and Frodo Baggins was not the only hobbit who filched vegetables on occasion. He sat back, savoring the aroma, his mind set on washing the harvest in a little stream on the way. He would eat them all of course, before getting home, otherwise he'd have to share them with a score of other young and always hungry hobbits. The slight pang of guilt he felt when he picked them nagged at him, but not enough to persuade him to return them. He knew he shouldn't be taking Farmer Maggot's vegetables, naturally. His cousin Bilbo had cautioned Frodo many times about his light-fingered practices, notably a few days ago, on the occasion of his last visit. "You're going to get caught one of these days, my lad," he had warned. "You mark my words! Maggot's a good soul, but he won't abide this constant snatching, from you or anyone else. Don't think old Rory doesn't have his suspicions, either, and he won't stand for it one bit if he finds out you've been stealing!" Frodo flinched at Bilbo's severe tone and widened his blue eyes innocently. "But Bilbo, it's not stealing, really! Farmer Maggot expects a certain amount of - borrowing during the growing season. Besides, he's always going about giving food away to folks," he added. If he had hoped to soften Bilbo's mood by this reasoning, Frodo was in for disappointment. Bilbo was on to the lad, and grew more alarmed each time he visited Buckland. The boy wanted discipline, nor did he show any indication of just good plain hobbit-raising, for that matter. The lad was running wild, eating the wrong things, staying out all hours of the night, and earning quite a reputation for a child of only 18 years. To look at the younger Baggins, at least at first glance, one would say Frodo appeared much like any other hobbit his age. He was of average height, possessing sound teeth and a vast quantity of hair which badly needed cutting. He was less portly than most hobbit-children his age, but then again his frame wouldn't carry the weight as well as someone with a build like Bilbo's, for instance. Upon closer inspection, however, one could not help but notice a redness around the lad's eyes, and not enough rose in the boy's cheeks. Frodo sauntered when he walked, too, unlike the general bounce of most youngsters. Some folk took his gait for laziness and disinterest, but Bilbo knew better than that. The boy had a brain; it just needed exercising. Not for the first time did Bilbo entertain the thought of taking Frodo into his own home. Not for the first time, either, did he chastise himself for being a damned daft fool who had no business meddling in the affairs of child-rearing, old crusty bachelor such as he was. Bilbo had gone home after his visit, leaving warnings and advice that he feared went in one of Frodo's rather dirty ears and out the other. Frodo was thinking of Bilbo now, smiling at some of the tales the elder Baggins spun in the hours past his bedtime, stories that sparked his imagination and painted living pictures on the night's velvet canvas. He thought, too, of Bilbo's generosity, how he gave gifts freely even when it wasn't his birthday and was easy with his money, reputedly brought back from Smaug's lair many years before Frodo was born. Good ol' Bilbo! he thought, fondly. How he missed him! Glancing at the fragrant bag in his hands, Frodo decided he might just follow his cousin's example and share his booty with the other hobbit children after all. He was pushing himself to stand when a blow to the side of his head sent him sprawling. The bag of mushrooms flew out of his hand and landed a few feet away, spilling its contents on the ground. "Caught ya, you little rogue! I've seen some nerve in my lifetime, and that's a fact, but you, laddy, top the hill!" Frodo felt a large, strong hand grab him by the collar, jerking him to his feet and ripping his shirt in the process. Two hands grabbed him by the shoulders and whirled him around. He looked up into the brown, angry eyes of Farmer Maggot, and smiled weakly. "Afternoon, Sir. Wh-what are you doing here?" he asked, a trick that often worked back in the busy warren where he lived. But the smile slid off his face quickly enough when he saw Maggot's unchanging glare. "I'll afternoon you, you little thief. Thought you were putting it over on me, weren't you? Sneaking in at different times of the day and night, going to sundry fields and orchards – and now my mushroom barn!" "But Mr. Maggot, I. . ." "Don't you talk back to me, you scoundrel! I know you get away with things there in Buckland, folks feeling sorry for you and all, 'cause your parents are dead! But you won't. . ." "Please leave my parents out of this," Frodo said quietly, his hands curling into fists. "Well and good I will. They'd turn over in their graves if they saw what you've become—what you're fast becoming! Why, you'll wind up in Bree or worse places if you don't. . ." "I said LEAVE MY PARENTS OUT OF THIS!" Frodo shouted, bringing his fists up. The gesture may have been disputed as either brave or foolish, but whether or no, it precipitated a reaction in the good-hearted farmer that he would rue long afterwards. "Oh, you make to threaten me now, do you? Well, I'll show you just how much of a threat you really are, Master Baggins!" And without another word spoken between them, Frodo found himself on the ground and Maggot's leather belt whistling across his back and legs. Instinctively he knew that if he tried to run it would only make matters worse, so he curled up as small as he could and endured the beating without making a sound. Maggot had gotten in several good blows before realizing the boy wasn't responding. When he whipped his own youngsters, they screamed and yelled and squirmed every which way. Two or three good whacks usually sufficed as punishment and before the sun went down all was right again with the world. But this boy never moved, never made so much as a squeak. Rebellious prat! he thought, and leveled several more heavy blows before his cooling temper told him he'd best stop. He put his belt back on, all the while watching Frodo, who never moved. "Get on your feet. . ." Maggot grumbled, grabbing the boy by the shoulder. Frodo was up in a thrice, pulling away from the farmer and standing well out of reach. He was breathing hard and his eyes were glittering with unshed tears, but his mouth was a thin line, his jaw clenched. "Now we're going back to talk to Master Rory," Maggot announced, grabbing the half-empty bag and whistling for his dogs, pushing Frodo ahead of him. "Get on with you, now, we've a step to go and the ferry to catch, as well." The boy swallowed his alarm. "Uncle Rory?" He'd never been punished by Rorimac Brandybuck, but he'd heard about other whippings, and the tales weren't pleasant. He looked back at Maggot's dogs, who were following entirely too close on his heels, growling quietly. "Why are we going to see him?" "You'll be working for me for the next week, is why, lad. To pay off some of your debt for all the vegetables and fruits you've been stealing from me for the last few years! Now, young whelp, run for it! And don't you be lettin' the ferry go without me!" And with that, Maggot set his dogs to chasing Frodo all the way back to the ferry, himself following at a more leisurely pace. -- Frodo hitched a shoulder as he waited in the hall, listening for the sound of Maggot's and Rorimac's voices, trying to make out what was being said. His back still pained him something fierce, and his legs, too, but had lessened to a steady throb now and he found he could bear it pretty well. His self-image, however, was still smarting from the thrashing. No one had ever laid a hand on him before, though they had threatened to, and he blushed with the shame of it. Still, he'd deserved it, and there was no permanent harm done. Rorimac would send him off tomorrow to work in Maggot's fields for a week—that wouldn't be so bad, really. Mrs. Maggot's table held a high reputation for both the quality and ampleness of fare, and he knew that the farm hands ate with the family. His face brightened at the prospect. The door opened suddenly and Maggot came out, his frown barely hiding a lurking smile. "I'll see you, young hobbit, at 5:00 sharp tomorrow morning. Bring some gloves with you, and a hat. You'll be helping me cut hay." "Yes, Sir," Frodo answered. "Mind you don't be late, or you'll get no breakfast," Maggot added, pointing his finger for emphasis. "I won't." The farmer nodded curtly and left. Frodo sighed and started to go down the hall toward the kitchen when Rorimac's deep voice echoed off the wall. "Frodo." "Sir?" "Come here." The boy turned and walked back to the open door, looking into his guardian's office, a room that smelled of pipe-weed and ale, the walls darkened from decades of wood smoke. The head of the Brandybuck clan motioned for him to come in. "Shut the door." Frodo obeyed, his apprehension spiraling. Rory moved to the fireplace and leaned against the mantle, staring thoughtfully into the flames. "I'm very disappointed in you, young hobbit. Very disappointed indeed." Frodo didn't know what to make of the gentle-hobbit's words. He'd had very little interaction with Brandybuck after his parents had died and had no grasp of his personality or moods. He kept his mouth closed, looking at his feet, waiting to hear what else Rory might have to say. "I should have taken care of things much earlier than now." Brandybuck seemed to be talking to himself rather than to the boy. "I've let things slip - Dro and Prim never deserved this." Frodo's head came up at the mention of his parents. The firelight glinted in his eyes, darkened to grey in the half-light of the fire. Rory remained still, his thoughts obviously far away; after many long minutes, Frodo shifted his weight, and the motion brought the elder hobbit back to face the present problem. "Frodo, now that Mr. Maggot has come to me, I have no recourse other than to apply the same discipline my father awarded me in my growing up years. These were few and far between, but severe enough so that I remembered the smart of them for many a day, and their message for a lifetime. I do not take pleasure in this, but it is my responsibility, both to you and your poor parents, to see that you do not soon forget this lesson." Frodo's eyes widened in dismay as the elder hobbit picked up a long, slender cane. Rory looked at Frodo, his face solemn. "You must not move about, Frodo, so that I do not bring the tip of the cane across your back. As long as the middle of the