WhatNeeds Looking After (Fourth in the BFS series) Westel "I can look after Master Frodo good as any, Dad!" exclaimed the 16 year old hobbit-lad, a hint of stubbornness hiding just behind the guileless brown eyes. "Ain't I worked with you these past seven years, learnin' how to take good care of the smial and grounds at Bag End and all?" "Aye, you have," said the boy's Gaffer, stroking his chin. He glanced up at Bilbo, who lingered in the doorway, puffing quietly at his carved wooden pipe. Standing beside the Master of Bag End stood another, younger hobbit—perhaps a hands-breadth taller than his cousin—who smiled enigmatically at the scene playing out in the front yard. "Why don't you take the lad with you, Mr. Gamgee?" the dark-haired youth asked, exchanging looks with Bilbo. "I'm afraid I won't be much company for Sam. I've this new book to read, you see." The youth, Frodo by name, had grown up among the Brandybucks after his parents had died, and therefore had never taken for granted his privacy here at Bag End. The fact that his Uncle Bilbo was going to the Tuckborough Fair for a week didn't bother him at all. The thought of going along, however, with the Gamgees and other assorted hobbits, did. As much as he loved Bilbo, Frodo Baggins loved his privacy almost as much. "Na, na, it wouldn't do for a young gentle-hobbit like yourself bein' alone, beggin' your pardon, Mr. Frodo," Hamfast countered. "You just gettin' over being ill. Someone has to stay and that's flat. I think you'll be agreein' with me, Mr. Bilbo?" Gaffer Gamgee stood with his hands on his hips, his eyes flashing, waiting for the master of Bag End to concur. Bilbo saw wisdom in the gardener's sun-weathered features. He placed a hand on his nephew's shoulder and nodded. "He's right, my boy. Won't be any good for you to go off in the woods reading that book and come home in the rain to a cold, damp smial. You don't have all your strength back yet, and I won't be able to enjoy myself if I'm worrying about you," he finished, seeing the protest forming on Frodo's lips. Frodo considered, looked at young Samwise digging his toe in the compost around the peonies. Sam was a good lad—hard-working, even fair company. Frodo treated the boy with the same deferential respect and kindness Bilbo showed to all their neighbors, and especially those who, for cultural reasons of the times, were not deemed to be "gentle" hobbits. Bilbo held disdain for such antics, as did his nephew. Perhaps that was why some people thought them both strange. Besides, liking Sam wasn't in the least a duty for Frodo. He genuinely admired the youngster, having known him since he was just a little fellow. Sam was of good stock, and despite their age difference, they had become friends almost immediately. In those early days, Sam was small enough for Frodo to tote around on his back. Now at 16 Sam's arms and shoulders had already developed the muscles needed to effectively carry on his work. If he wanted, he could easily give Bilbo's heir a ride without breaking a sweat. Frodo smiled at the mental picture of himself riding pick-a-back at the nearly respectable age of 28. Sam saw the smile, misunderstood it. "I won't be in the way, Mr. Frodo," he promised, putting his hands behind his back as if reciting a verse. "I'll come every morning, tend to the house and garden, and do any errands as needed." Frodo felt his uncle's hand tighten a bit on his shoulder. He reached up and grasped the sturdy fingers briefly before speaking to the gardener's son. "You're never in the way, Sam," he said, smiling gently at the boy. "And I'll be glad for your company," he added without thinking. So much for privacy, he realized, too late. Young Gamgee grinned widely, blushing a bit. Frodo's smile broadened too, finding Sam's pleasure catching. "Well, then," proclaimed Bilbo, tamping his pipe and beaming over the small group standing outside the round, green door of his home. I'd best be about getting ready; we'll want an early start tomorrow, eh, Mr. Gamgee?" "Aye, that we will. We've been lookin' forward to this for weeks; won't do to start late." "No, indeed," Bilbo agreed, and waved the Gamgees goodbye. His eye fell on his adopted nephew who, hands in pockets, watched the gardeners go down the lane. A hint of worry drifted across the older hobbit's brow; Frodo was too thin yet, despite his attempts to fatten him up. Gone was the under-nourished look so prevalent during the boy's last years at Buckland, but the lad's recent illness had robbed him of a few precious pounds, and it showed. Bilbo drew a deep breath, pressing his lips together. No matter , he reminded himself. Frodo's doing very well here . And it was true. Frodo had come into his own under his uncle's tutelage and loving care. Their personalities intertwined and their interests flourished and grew as they came to know each other in a way opportunity had never provided when Frodo was an orphan-child in a warren of hobbit-folk. For his part, Bilbo had never regretted the day he took Drogo's only child into his home (indeed looking back, he wished he had brought the lad to Bag End even earlier). In the short years that followed, Frodo never ceased to show a deep affection and respect for his elder cousin. The old bachelor honestly didn't know how he got along before he took on the responsibility of raising the tweenager, and during Frodo's recent illness Bilbo's heart quailed at the thought of something happening to his young charge. He drew another deep breath, catching the scent of herbs growing among the flagstones leading to the steps of his home. Frodo was better now and gaining ground rapidly. His appetite had returned along with the sparkle in his blue eyes, and his laughter could be heard among the hills again. Bilbo was content. -- Sam was up early the next morning, rising before anyone else. He hurried through his chores so his gaffer could see he was more than capable of getting the work done at home, despite the extra burden of solely caring for things at Bag End. Hamfast was by nature a just hobbit, and a kind one, but over the last few years he had become exacting and quick-tempered, a development that often caused a fair amount of stress for the young hobbit. Sam had two grown brothers who no longer lived at home, and had assumed more and more of the burden of providing for the family. Though only 70, Gaffer Gamgee, a widower, was growing old in the precipitous rush that often accompanies a life tempered with hard manual labor. While such labor strengthened and hardened some physiques, it whittled and weakened others. That was the case for Ham, who was losing his hearing and suffered not a little in the joints of his hands and knees. Though he loved his boy, the physical and mental suffering caused by these afflictions often manifested itself through a sharp tongue and a heavy arm. Consequently, Sam strived constantly to satisfy his increasingly difficult-to-please dad. Today was going well so far, however. Bilbo had arrived early at the gate, saving the Gaffer a detour to Bag End, and greeted young Samwise as he came out of a nearby shed. "Good morning, lad! Up and about early, eh?" he called, leaning on the gate. "Oh, aye, Mr. Bilbo," Sam replied. "Just wantin' to get things squared away like, 'fore I go over to Bag End. I've a few taters to scrabble yet and want to get an early start," the youngster answered happily. He'd been waiting for an opportunity like this, to show his Gaffer he could take care of himself, their home, and his other responsibilities Under Hill. When his dad saw what a good job he had made of things during the next six days, he would surely be more willing to entrust Sam with the kind of unsupervised responsibility that—'til now—he had been reluctant to allow. Sam would make sure Mr. Frodo's household needs would be taken care of, as well. Though his father never did domestic work for the bachelors, Sam knew that Bilbo's younger charge would still need a bit of looking after. He walked up to the gate, taking in Bilbo's rather travel-worn cloak and hood. Sam often envied the Baggins' long walks and was glad, whenever time allowed him, to go with Mr. Frodo on one of the less-traveled trails around Hobbiton. He wondered if Frodo would feel up to a short walk while Mr. Bilbo was away. "Is Mr. Frodo up yet, Sir? Will he be wantin' his breakfast?" he asked, opening the gate for the older hobbit to pass through. "Oh, no, he arose to see me off—insisted on it, in fact! Made us breakfast, too." Bilbo looked hard at the young Gamgee, recognizing the eagerness in the young hobbit's features. "I made him promise he'd go back to bed for a little while after I'd left, so he won't need his second breakfast. You can fix him elevenses if you like." "That I will," promised Sam. "And don't you worry, Mr. Bilbo, I'll take care of everything while you're away." "Well, just see that you don't overdo it, lad. You're only one person, you know," Bilbo admonished, winking at the boy. He leaned over and spoke very low. "You do yourself and your old dad proud." Sam blushed to his knees and jammed his hands into his pockets, speechless with pleasure. Bilbo only grinned and patted the tongue-tied youth on his back. He turned as the front door opened and Hamfast emerged from his hole with May and Marigold in tow. The girls waved a greeting, chattering so fast to each other they sounded like two birds chirping. "A beautiful morning, Mr. Gamgee! Are we ready to go?" "Aye, that we are, the Gaffer replied. "Got everything?" he asked, and having received vigorous nods from the girls, Hamfast adjusted the pack on his back and motioned Bilbo to precede him through the gate. He turned and fastened his eyes on his youngest son. "Have an eye for Master Frodo, Sam. You mind what you do, now—and how you do it," he warned. "I will, Father," Sam answered, using his dad's formal title for emphasis. "Have a good time, and don't worry about a thing!" "Don't give me reason to," was elder Gamgee's answer, an unintentional dart that pierced his son's heart. Bilbo saw it, and winced at the boy's pain. He hung back a moment and placed his hand on the boy's shoulder. "You'll do fine. Just remember what I said. Pacing's the key, lad. Just don't put anything on yourself you don't need to." "Thank you, Mr. Bilbo. I'll remember," Sam promised. But his brown eyes were on his father as they walked away, and they were thoughtful, and just a little sad. -- Frodo woke to the sound of crockery and utensils rattling in the kitchen. He opened one eye, not particularly in a hurry to get up, and stretched himself full along the sofa, knocking the woolen throw to the floor with a furry foot. "That you, Sam?" he called, sitting up and flexing his shoulders. "Yes, Sir, Mr. Frodo!" came a cheerful answer. "Hope you're hungry," Sam finished, peeking around the corner. Frodo placed a hand on his stomach. "I think I am," he replied with cheek, and followed Sam back into the kitchen. Suppressing a grin, Frodo turned away from young Gamgee, clad in a too-large apron, to look at the spread laid upon the plank table. A loaf of bread, sharp cheese, cured ham sliced thick as a finger, and a bowl of apples awaited them, topped