Frodo sat up with a bolt, clutching at his hammering heart, the sickening realization that the dream had returned forming a hard knot in his stomach. The sensation of fighting to stay afloat in the pounding water was still strong, and it took some moments to fully understand he was nowhere near the river at all—but sitting in the soft mossy bed he had made in the crotch of the old elm tree that stood next to the Hedge. He realized with dismay that he'd been there all night, there in his secret place, where he often went when he wished to be alone. A tree-climber all his life, young Baggins never considered the fact that his "spot" might be a bit precarious. Forty feet up and nearly as thick as one of the many round doors found in Buckland, the limb of his elm crossed the Hedge and intermingled with the more ancient limbs from the other side, their spring-leaves intertwining. They beckoned him as always to explore further, but there was no time for that now. What will Uncle Rory think? he worried, sliding down from his perch. Stupid dream! He dropped lightly to the spongy turf and sprinted through the woods towards home, his mind racing. The old dream had returned with a vengeance and had become all but a nightly occurrence, yet he did not realize it was but part of an overall, growing restlessness dogging him, strengthening as the closed-in days of winter had dragged by. He had taken to wandering afield on all but the nastiest of days, coming back to Brandy Hall after dark, half-frozen, and making his supper on whatever cold fare he could find in the pantry. He just couldn't seem to quench his wanderlust in spite of his best efforts not to worry Uncle Rory—dear Uncle Rory, who had taken such effort the last few months to keep a better watch on his orphaned charge. Frodo had indeed been ill during the summer approaching his19th birthday, but now he suffered nary a cold or sniffle, and was as healthy as any hobbit in Buckland. True, he was a wiry lad compared to most boys his age—slender of frame, one might say. Whenever he passed the looking glass in the grand entry hall, he saw the reflection of a lad with ruddy cheeks, his face framed by a shiny (though usually disheveled) mop of dark curly hair. And more than healthy, he was happy now, or at least content, more so than at any time since the loss of his parents. Despite the return of the dream, Frodo was sure that he was not mourning again. Something else was stirring in his blood. But there was no time to think on that now—he was late ! Frodo leaped over a fallen tree and ran the faster as a pink blush began to spread in the east. I just might make it , he thought, hope spurring his feet as he shot around the corner of the yew-row and headed for the bedroom window. ooo "See, I told you he was out all night again," said Posco, one of two youths who watched Frodo scurry through the window from the secrecy of the barn loft. "What of it?" asked the other, Grigory, with an obvious smile of admiration meant for the returning vagrant. "He's sure to catch it now," Posco answered. "Watch." He didn't try to hide a smirk as he turned back to the drama that played itself out below. From their lofty vantage-point they stared expectantly as Frodo began to pull down the sash. They saw him freeze for a moment, then finish lowering the window. The spell was finally broken when Frodo moved away from the casement and out of their sight. Posco turned away, his smile widening. "What have you done?" asked Grigory. "Let's just say that Frodo is about to find out what it is like to have ol' Rory warm his back side." "You didn't tell the old hobbit!" said Grigory in disbelief. "I did, and serve him right, too! Ol' Master Rory's been a might high-handed with our lot lately, but I've never seen him so much as throw a twig at Frodo Baggins!" "Aw, you're just jealous 'cause the girls have started makin' eyes at him, that's all!" "Who's jealous? Ain't no handsomer hobbit this side of the Hedge than me!" Grigory laughed. "Well, since you spend most of your time in front of the looking-glass, I don't reckon you've seen much else to compare yourself to!" Posco grunted in reply. "You think you know everything, don't ya?" Grigory continued. "Well, you're wrong this time. Whatever Master Brandybuck does to Frodo, it won't be a beatin'." "How do you know?" "Cause I heard tell that Rorimac whipped Frodo once and only once, and has never touched so much as a hair of his head since!" Posco grunted again, staring stubbornly at the now vacant window, watching in vain for movement. "C'mon," urged Grigory, pulling on his friend's sleeve. "We'll be late for breakfast and ol' Rory'll punish us by forbidding the second one. Besides, maybe we'll find out what happened between him and Frodo while we eat!" Posco stared at the window another second or two, shrugged, and allowed himself to be led away. ooo Rory Brandybuck was a force to be reckoned with not only in Brandy Hall, but in all of Buckland. Though no tyrant, he managed affairs in the large, multi-homed dwelling with a strong hand, and he had no cause to doubt that any responsibilities he delegated would not be carried out. Through the Hall's history, there had always been single parents and orphans about, simply because of the variety of families that had lived there for generations. Rory left their affairs in the care of other folk living in and around the smial who managed—after a fashion—to see to their needs. Or so he had done until recently when he realized, almost too late, that caring for broken families required a more hands-on approach, for his part. Two winters have passed since then, he thought with a grimace as he walked down a small, winding hall that led to Frodo's room. Doesn't seem that long. But much had happened in that time, since the 'Maggot Farm Incident', as he thought of it. The events that took place then had not been made common knowledge (a fair accomplishment by hobbit standards), and Rory was glad, for he had not wanted it made public that an orphaned boy had been beaten by two well-known, substantially-fixed elders who hadn't bothered to get their facts straight. There had been rumors here and there, of course, but since Frodo had gone to stay with his cousin in Hobbiton for a few weeks after the incident there hadn't been much to fuel the flame. Though Rory had since been more diligent in providing proper care for the broken families in the Hall, he still felt somewhat inadequate in providing the same for one Frodo Baggins. There was the disadvantage of the boy's having had total freedom for nearly six years after his parents had died. The patriarch had been pleasantly surprised at the good report Farmer Maggot had given him on the boy, but equally dismayed by the realization that he, Rory, had done nothing to encourage such behavior. Another disadvantage was his inability to find specific misconduct to go after. Since Frodo's return from Bag End eighteen months ago, the lad had obviously made attempts to improve himself—helping with the younger children, running errands for the cooks and housekeepers, helping in the fields on harvest and planting days, and tidying himself up a bit. There were gaps in the lad's efforts, however—times when he would disappear for a day or more, wandering around in all kinds of weather while subsisting on a few pieces of fruit and stale bread. Rory knew this because Frodo had taken to asking the cook for food—forsaking his old habit of just taking what he wanted—and then leaving through the kitchen door for one of his excursions. Rory felt that this Tookishness exerted itself too strongly upon occasion, but was at odds with himself about how to rectify it. He was pleased that Frodo usually carried a book around with him, no matter what he was doing, thankful that Prim had taken much care in introducing the lad to his letters at a young age. Sometimes, however, he wondered if Frodo indulged too much in reading when he should be applying himself to hardier work. But Frodo was no farm-hand; he was the son of a couple who themselves were of genteel background. It wouldn't be proper to send him out to apprentice in the fields. "How 'm I supposed to give the boy a proper upbringing when he's gone and done most of it himself?!" he muttered, as he approached Frodo's door. He knocked softly and waited a moment or two. Getting no response, he knocked again, and harder. "Frodo?" he called, knocking again. But still there was no answer. He turned the handle and pushed. Unlocked, the door gave way, revealing a neatly made bed and a cold hearth. "Where has that boy gone to now?" Rory fussed, looking around the small room. Frodo's things were tidily put away on shelves. A stack of volumes sat on a little desk under the window, all bookmarked. The narrow bed took up one half of the room and a wash stand occupied space near the door. Frodo had managed to squeeze a table next the bed which held a vase of flowering laurel and tiny silhouettes of who could only be his parents. The elder Brandybuck drew a breath and held it, spotting a tablet on the desk which showed a few lines of writing. Frodo's hand looked a lot like Prim's... Rory felt a fresh incursion of guilt. It was wrong that Frodo was in this back room, so far from everything and everyone. Being on his own so much had to encourage the boy's predilection for wandering and a certain oddness that some of the older hobbits had commented upon. Some believed it was the memory of the deadly accident; others believed his cousin, Bilbo Baggins, had influenced him in some way. But Bilbo was several hours' travel away and there had been no visiting between the cousins since Frodo had returned to Buckland near Yule a year and half ago. There had been many letters, however, and Rory suspected the sheet he had spied on the desk was an unfinished one. Thinking back, Rory had very few recent memories of Frodo actually socially engaged with boys his own age, spending most of his time instead with adults or the little ones—when he wasn't alone. Even so, Frodo had not quite shed the reputation of a rascal, and some of the tales Rory overheard must have had an element of truth. The boy's own recent adventure with Maggot proved it. An idea began to form in Brandybuck's head—one that was interrupted by Frodo's arrival, but soon finalized by it. ooo Frodo wanted to wash up, change his shirt, and at least make an attempt to tame his hair before sitting down at table. It was one of several changes the youngster had made within the past two years. He began to pay closer attention to what the adults had expected of him, namely presenting himself at the expected meal and bed times. A greater willingness to lend a hand with the younger hobbits followed (despite his preference for solitude), and just recently had he begun to note his appearance, making improvements as needed. But there would be no immediate need this morning. For Rorimac Brandybuck was leaning cross-armed against the door to the hall, an enigmatic expression etched across his face. Frodo's eyes were still adjusting to the dimness of his room as he climbed in through