Disclaimer: Not mine. :( Author: Winchester Baby Fandom: Twilight Pairings: Bella and Edward Summary: In the small town of Forks, the boys were bland. That was until a hot, new, bronze haired teacher begin teaching at the High School. And Bella Swan just can't help herself. Rating: M Don't Stand So Close to Me Bella's POV: Today we were supposed to have a new English teacher and rumors spread that he was hot which excited my best friend, Alice. "Thank God! We need some eye candy at this school!" She smiled. "Alice you're disgusting. He's going to be our teacher. That's illegal." I emphasized, but I too was secretly excited to see what our teacher would look like. Was he really eye candy or was he only attractive compared to the dull selection of Forks, Washington? When the bell for English rang Alice squealed in anticipation. "Here we go." She smirked. We strutted to the room. When we walked in girls were already swooning. All Ali and I could see at this point was his back as he wrote 'Mr. Cullen' on the chalkboard. "Damn." Alice whispered to me. "If his back is that attractive I can't wait to see his front." You could tell he was slim yet tall. He had a perky ass admittedly and a mess of bronze atop his head. His forearms and neck were pale. Alice and I took our seats. "Alright, class." Mr. Cullen began, still not yet turned around. "I'm Mr. Cullen and I'll be your new English teacher for the second semester." And then he turned. Oh God. He was perfection. Chiseled features, perfect smile, defined abs through his semi-tight work shirt, but it was his eyes. They were this deep emerald green that made me and the other girls swoon. I wanted him. But so did every other girl in the school. Tanya Denali included and she was a Barbie. She would steal his heart or at least his pants. So, my ego hit, I sighed. But, I should still try, right? You never know. And you definitely won't know if you don't try. So my mind was made up. I was going to try and I was going to win Mr. Cullen. Young teacher, the subject, of schoolgirl fantasy. She wants him, so badly, knows what she wants to be. Inside her, there's longing, this girls an open page. Book marking, she's so close now, this girl is half his age. Edward's POV: I knew being a new teacher at a high school at my age would be a bad idea, but there were no other options. The girls were all fairly average, a few pretty ones, but one stood out to me. Of course there was nothing I could do about it. I was a teacher – she was a student. I continued to teach, catching her eye once in a while. She was beautiful. Had the situation been different I would've acted on my desires. Too bad I guess. When class ended a large group of girls came up to me. They complemented me, welcomed me, and chatted me up but she… she left. I was used to attention. I was the valedictorian of my class, prom king, class president, QB on the football team, and center on the basketball team, both of which won state. So for me to be denied attention I took for granite so easily from someone from the female species intrigued me. She was so mysterious. Quiet. Shy. Yet… you could see the fire and adventure in her eyes. I was screwed. Don't stand, don't stand so, don't stand so close to me. Don't stand, don't stand so, don't stand so close to me. Bella's POV: I walked into class the next day, this time determination was mine. I sat through class, eyeing him. I tried to think about what I was to do. I found out he didn't have a class during my lunch period. Perfect. When class ended, the group formed around him again and I once again left. I went to my next class and then the bell rang for lunch. I gave myself 10 minutes to wait – my lunch period was an hour long – because I knew another group was most likely surrounding him. When the time was up I walked to his class. I walked in on him writing down lesson plans. I knocked on the open door. "Hello." I whispered. Mr. Cullen's head shot up and he smiled. "Hello." He replied. "I haven't yet met you." I blushed. "My names Bella Swan, Mr. Cullen." "Please, we're not in class. Call me Edward." I inhaled heavily. How was that name sexy? "Alright, Edward." I tried. But it was so sexy on him. "So what brings you here, Bella?" He asked. My name slithered off his tongue beautifully; his velvet voice soaking it in sugar. "Um, I had a question about the lesson." Liar. "Alright. Go ahead." He urged. "Well, I don't quite understand." Liar. "Okay, well…" And he did a brief of everything we had learned earlier. "Oh, thanks. I get it now." "You're welcome." Then we kind of stood there awkwardly. "So did you need help with anything?" I asked. "Actually, I do. Will you help me alphabetize these?" He gestured to a huge stack of papers. Some people might've seen work, but I saw an opportunity to spend a lot of time with Edward. We laughed and joked and talked. We had a good time. Considering the success of my first visit I ended up going in there every day during lunch to help him with his chores. I cleaned his room, organized cabinets and alphabetized papers and he and I became good friends, but I began to like him… not crush like him… love like him. Genuine feelings not just based off of his looks. Our friendship showed during class and the other girls seemed to notice. They began to whisper about me when we weren't in class. ' Bella wants Mr. Cullen's dick so bad, it's pathetic.' ' She's such a slut.' ' She's not pretty enough for him.' ' He's mine, that little whore.' And so on and so forth. It was so annoying… but he was worth it. I still had Alice, Rose, Emmett and Jasper – my best friends. I was fine. Her friends are so jealous; you know how bad girls get. Sometimes it's not so easy to be the teacher's pet. Temptation, frustration, so bad it makes him cry. Wet bus stop, she's waiting, his car is warm and dry. Edward's POV: God, spending this much time with her was driving me up the wall. I wanted her. Badly. But she was a student. It was wrong, so wrong. But… so right. One morning I was driving to school and the rain was pouring. It was obnoxious. Then I saw a figure walking in the rain. She had long brown hair and I knew it was Bella – she had told me that she has been walking to school for the past week or so while her truck is being repaired by her friend Jake. I rolled down my window to shout out at her. "Bella!" Her head jerked toward me and she smiled and waved but continued walking. I rolled my eyes. "Bella, get in the car!" She looked stunned for a moment but eventually gave in and hopped into the passenger seat of my silver Volvo. We began to drive off and I felt tension gnawing at me. I wanted so badly to just lean over and kiss her. But I couldn't, so I didn't. When we arrived I saw that some people had noticed Bella Swan getting out of my car. Mr. Cullen, the English teacher's car. Shit. Don't stand, don't stand so, don't stand so close to me. Don't stand, don't stand so, don't stand so close to me. Bella's POV: I nodded to Edward. "Thanks." I mumbled. "You're welcome." He replied. We both knew what this looked like. As I walked through the parking lot, girls snarled at me and whispered to each other. I walked briskly to the restroom. Tanya Denali and her 'bitches' walked through the doors. "So, Bella, who knew you had it in you? You're such a little hussy, stealing what's not yours. God, you're such a whore. Who do you think you are, huh? You're not even pretty. You have boring hair, boring eyes, a boring body, and a boring personality. Step off, he deserves better than you." Her bitches, Jessica and Jane began to push me a bit. "Yeah, so back off bitch." Jessica shoved me a bit. "You little hoe, he's Tanya's." Jane shoved me. "You heard them, fuck off." Tanya said and pushed me one more time knocking me to the floor. I sat there and waited. What would they do? They glared at me a bit and huffed for good measure before turning and leaving, slamming the door behind them. I let out a puff of air I didn't realize I was holding in. Loose talk in the classroom; to hurt they try and try. Strong words in the staff room, the accusations fly. It's no use, he sees her. He starts to shake and cough. Just like the old man in that book by Nabokov. Edward's POV: I walked into the Staff Room to buy some soda from our vending machines. "So, Cullen, are you doing a teen?" Asked one of my co-workers. "Please, Edward, tell me you are not in a relationship with Miss. Swan." Said another. "You're dating a student?" And others eyed me; females disgusted or jealous and men somewhat congratulatory. I considered what Bella and I's relationship looked like to the outside world. Of course I did love her, but we, in the real world, were strictly student and teacher. I was walking down the hall, my thoughts jumbled. Should I tell her we need to stop spending time with each other? Should I just ignore her? Should I-? And then I saw her and I fell apart. She was so beautiful, so perfect, so amazing. I couldn't stop – she was my own brand of heroine. I couldn't take it anymore. I had made a decision. During lunch that day I held it in but I initiated my plan. "Bella, can you stay after with me today? I need a bit of help grading papers." "Alright." She immediately agreed cheerfully. The day dragged and I was much anticipating Bella and I staying after school together. No one else would be staying after today. We'd have the whole school to ourselves. The final bell rang and Bella skipped into my class. For about half an hour we actually did grade. It gave me time to plan and it guaranteed no one else would be around. Finally, I decided it was time. I stood up to go behind Bella. I placed my hands on her shoulders as if to look over her shoulder and monitor her grading. I felt her skin, soft and warm, tingle. I crouched down next to her, my lips ghosting her shoulder. "Actually, I think that question would be incorrect – they forgot a comma," "Oh al-alright." She said quickly scratching out the markings. "Thanks." "Any time." I breathed heavily. "Ed-Edward." "Yes Bella?" She turned around to face me. We looked at each other – just stared – and then attacked. Her lips crashed into mine and her hands flew to my cheeks, her fingers playing with my hair. My hands groped her hips and pulled her to a standing position with me. We then sat on the floor, Bella straddling me as we kissed roughly. "God, I've waited too long for this." I mumbled, kissing her neck. I was so happy; finally I could kiss her. It was so refreshing. It was so irritating watching other measly, immature high school boys eye her and