Panem, 1903 It started one day with a cough; the cold cloud swiveled with white as her breath made contact with the winter air. She played out side with her younger sister and her neighbors, while her beautiful voice sung through the air the noise left her chest, which stopped her singing; her sister sent her a worrying glance. This one was worse than the others, it sounded like it came deep with in her chest. Another week passed and the coughing became more regular, she would cover her mouth with a white handkerchief, and try to muffle the sound. It wasn't long until her uncle made her stay up in her bedroom. People would talk about how he kept her up there, they wondered if she was pregnant with a bastard child: she was seventeen, old enough to go on special rendezvous with boys. But all she would do is read books of a blue-eyed boy that would dance from rooftop to rooftop, with the tune of a pan flute trailing behind him. The children of the town would call him Peeta Pan. Soon enough Katniss couldn't sing anymore, her lungs would restrict her voice and she could only do a silent hum. Her uncle Haymitch would bring the finest doctors from the city to check up on her, they would always give her a piteous looks and say the same thing: "Give her some honey and milk, to soothe her throat." Medicine was scarce in their town, even though Haymitch was very wealthy; it was hard to obtain the correct treatment. The days of playing outside quickly faded away, and were replaced with days of sitting out on the balcony of her room or on the front veranda, silently humming, and reading. Her neighbor Gale would visit regularly with a turkey hanging off of his shoulder, when he passed through the gate he would send her a sorry smile. She never wanted anybody's pity, but it seemed she was met with it at every turn. Prim had to move out of their shared room when Katniss was diagnosed with a chest infection, it was highly contagious, and Prim had to sit in a room with burning remedies to avoid the disease. So now Katniss's nights were lonesome, she would sit out on her balcony and watch the moon travel across the sky, sleep was evasive because of the coughing. One day Katniss slept in, her chest hurt that bit more, and she felt very sickly. She dressed herself, and picked up a book that Prim bought her from town. Katniss opened the doors to her balcony, and found a blonde boy lazily sitting on the balcony railing, a cap adorned his head, and he only wore dark pants and a white shirt. When he spotted her, his blue eyes widened and he sat up straight. Katniss stood in shock, the book clutched to her chest, she had never seen some one so beautiful before, his strong jaw and his boyish grin. He would be twenty at the most. The boy glided down from the railing and stood before her, his gait tall and his shoulders strong, he was a head taller than her. Katniss let out a small cough and spluttered, "Who are you?" The boy let out a small chuckle, one that made Katniss's knees weak. He stuck out is hand and replied, "I am Peeta. I'm surprised you didn't know who I was, Miss. I've seen you reading the books about me." Katniss looked down at the book in her hands and she looked back up to the boy, she quietly whispered in realization, "Peeta Pan." "At your service," Peeta bowed and took off his hat, revealing a head full with golden curls. Katniss had to contain a chuckle at the absurdness of the whole situation. The chuckle soon turned into a cough and then a coughing fit. Peeta rubbed her back soothingly and lead her back inside. "But you're only a story book character, I must be going crazy!" Katniss mused, her voice gravelly from the mucus build up in her chest. "Oh no! I am as real as you! See?" Peeta took Katniss's right hand and placed it on his chest over his heart; she could feel the steady beat of his heart against her hand. She gazed up and into his blue eyes, and he returned her stare with such wonder. "Why are you here?" Katniss asked quietly, her eyes never leaving his, her hand still resting on his chest, still being grasped in his strong hands. Peeta smiled, easier this time, his eyes softening, he swept a stray hair behind her ear and he said, "I saw you were lonely, I thought you could use some company." Katniss steps back from the boy, and looks down, she places the book on her nightstand, and lets out a small cough. She drags her gaze back up to the boy, and she asks, "Aren't you cold, Mr. Pan?" He shakes his head, and replies, "I'm fine, and you call me Peeta. And what shall I call you miss?" Katniss smiles, for the first time in a while, and in a vibrant tone she replies, "I'm Katniss Everdeen." "Well it is my pleasure to have your company, Miss Everdeen." Peeta overdramatically bows, his golden curls bouncing at the movement. Katniss lets out a wheezy giggle, and she looked down with a blush on her cheeks. Peeta stands upright and puts his cap on excitedly, he looks around the dull room, and his smile fades somewhat. Katniss watches his expression, which turns rather solemn; he looks back down at her and says, "Where is all the colour? Why is there no spirit?" Katniss shrugs and rings her hands together, her eyes wandering around the grey space. She sits on her bed, and replies drolly, "I don't know, I don't care for spirit. Mine went away weeks ago." Peeta looks down at her dumbfounded, his blue eyes wide, and his jaw slightly limp. He quickly composes himself, and clicks his tongue, "Well miss Katniss, we must fix this, how can you be alive with no spirit?" Katniss stares up at him, and shrugs, a smile tugging at her lips. Katniss watches in awe as Peeta soars around the room, picking things up and placing them, he fixes her bed, and sets the books strewn across her room back onto the shelf. When he is done he wipes his hands on his pants, and nods happily, a proud smile on his lips. Peeta scratches his chin with a pensive look, and then his face lights up, he turns to Katniss and he says, "I'll be back." Peeta glides out the window and over the balcony, Katniss rushes forward worriedly, she leans over and searches for him frantically, "Peeta!" she calls huskily, her chest not allowing her to raise her voice much. A second later, there is a flash, and Peeta is by her side, with a bunch of vibrant dandelions in his hands. She eyes the colorful plants, and raises an eyebrow, Peeta states; "We can keep these in here, to make the place more… lively." "But they're weeds," Katniss says as Peeta makes his way to the bookshelf. "You can always find beauty in the most unlikely of places," Peeta replies finally hovering before her bookshelf. Katniss then notices his feet aren't touching the ground, she gasps, and Peeta quickly turns around a concerned look on his features. "What's wrong, Miss?" "Yo- you… you're… Flying!" Peeta grins lopsidedly, and laughs, "Of course I am!" He places the flowers in an empty vase and he drifts towards her, and she watches in wonderment. "How?" She barely gets out. "How you may ask? Well I just think of something that makes me happy!" Peeta exclaims, his face lighting up in a brilliant smile. "And what would that happy thing be?" Katniss questions curiously, a smile consuming her face. Peeta lists on his fingers, "Those would be, painting, bread, my friends, my father. You can think of anything that would make you happy, Miss! What makes you happy?" Katniss looks down at her hands somberly, and replies, "The things that make me happy are… my sister, hunting, my friend Gale, reading, music, singing, and thinking of my parents." Peeta smiled, and pulled out a pan flute, he sat down on her rocking chair, and blew on the pipes. A harmonious tune played from the instrument, Peeta's eyes were closed and his body was relaxed as he played the small flute. Katniss sat on her bed and leant her head on her hand, as she listened to the sweet sound. Soon the notes slowed down, and Katniss opened her heavy eyes to find Peeta watching her. She sat up straight and smoothed out her shirt. "Would you mind singing for me miss?" Peeta asked in a wistful tone. Katniss looked down at her hands, she shook her head and replied in a quiet voice, "I can't sing because of my illness." Peeta looked at her considerately, he let a smile creep onto his lips and he chimed, "Well I will fix that in no time!" Katniss smiled at the zealous boy, and thanked him for his concern. He then went back to playing the harmonious flute, once again lulling Katniss into a daze. When the tune slowly faded out, Katniss broke out of her stupor, Peeta smiled, and tucked the flute back in his pocket, he then gently said, "I do enjoy you're company, miss." Katniss smiled timidly, a blush creeping onto her cheeks, she replied reverently, "I like you're company too, Peeta. And you may call me Katniss." "Katniss, would you mind if I saw you everyday?" She nodded gently, and covered her mouth as a cough passed her lips. Peeta smiled, and she said, "Yes I would love that." So everyday the blue-eyed boy would visit her, he would bring her small trinkets to lighten up her room, a flower here and a small object there. Most of the time he brought dandelions like the first time, she thought the bright yellow of the flower matched Peeta's unruly curls. Everyday, they would sit out on her balcony, sometimes she would read to him, other times he would tell her stories of his friends. He explained them all in such detail: Peeta's best friend was named Finnick; he had his own sailing ship and would navigate around the island they lived on. Johanna was a girl who lived in a tree; she carried around a small hatchet and would whittle small objects out of wood. Thresh was a large boy, who lived in a cave, he wore the pelt of a bear and always had a large dog following him around. Rue was a small girl, Peeta said she was a forest nymph, she would hop from tree to tree, with a rope necklace round her neck, he said that she always sung this beautiful four-note tune. Peeta played the tune on his pan flute and Katniss mimicked it by whistling. Annie, a girl who lived in the water, or a mermaid as Peeta called her; Katniss called blasphemy, but Peeta replied in a sing song voice, "Katniss it's Neverland, you can be anything you want." As the days passed Katniss could feel the weight on her chest lighten, her constant coughing slowed, and she only had the briefest splutter here and there. It seemed Peeta's presence was helping her. But everyday the people in the house would give her solemn glances, their eyes were sorry and their expressions sad, they all seemed gloomy compared to her blue-eyed boy. Peeta left every night at sunset, and when Katniss went down for dinner, she would tell her uncle Haymitch and her sister Prim, of what she and Peeta did that day. The first time Haymitch heard Peeta's name, he choked on his water and began coughing, Katniss became afraid that he