Roman Demigod Chapter 1 Who am I? I felt the rumbling of what had to be a bus under my feet. I was slouched and my head was leaning back against the uncomfortable seat. I finally opened my eyes to see a bunch of kids sitting in seats around the bus and someone was also sitting next to me, the desert passing us by outside the window, the sky clear and the sun bright. I looked on my right to see a boy around 14 or 15 sitting next to me, if I had to guess, he looked Latino. He had an elfish and babyish face. He had curly black hair and dark brown eyes that were filled with mischief and he had a wide smirk too. That smirk was pointed at me. "Sleep enough?" I looked behind me, but he was still looking at me. Was this boy talking to me? Who was he? Who am I? That thought stopped me short. How many people think like that? I should at least know who I am, right? I don't remember anything, it's like a blank slate. I only remember that my name was Aurora and I didn't like being called by my first name, but as of now, that's all I remembered. I heard a groan and looked to where it came from, to my left. I looked over and saw two more kids, around the same age as the Latino boy and me. Or I think what was my age? Do I even know my own age? It was a boy and a girl. The boy had short blond hair, but not too short. He had a strong jaw and facial structure that was tan and bright blue eyes, that were striking and sharp in some way. His eyes were bleary like he was just waking up like I was. The girl was holding his hand, her skin tanner than both the boys and mine (which was the same type of tan as the blond boy's). The girl had choppy short brown hair which was cut unevenly with a couple of feathers braided down the side of her hair. She had eyes that seemed to change color, from blue, brown and green as they reflected in the light. She was beautiful in that effortless way many people can't achieve, even if it looked like she tried not to be. She was wearing jeans and a snowboarding jacket. The strange thing was I felt like I knew or recognized the blond boy, but could not guess where or even what his name was, it was beyond frustrating. And frightening. Also, it was just him, the one I was sitting next to and who he was sitting next to, I didn't remember anything about them at all. The blond boy looked lost as he sat up in his seat more. I could see him a little more now as he was on her other side. He was wearing a purple t-shirt with faded gold letters on the front along with a symbol I could barely see, but the shirt looked familiar, something that sparked familiarity in my blank head. I looked down and noticed I was wearing the same shirt, the word on the front just as faded. Did I know him from somewhere? Did we come from the same place? I felt pain in my head and stopped thinking of it at this moment. I took in what I was wearing. Along with the purple shirt, I was wearing faded blue jeans and black combat boots, the laces tied tightly and the shoes felt worn too, like I wore them for a while. I heard shifting and saw the blond boy looking around, looking just as confused as I felt. He then caught my eyes. His face and eyes flashed with recognition, but still looked as lost as I felt. His name though, I couldn't remember it and that was bothering me a lot. I felt like I really should know it. I stared at him harder, maybe I'd remember it then. He stared at me and he started frowning in confusion. I realized it was probably from the intense stare I was giving him. I looked away, sitting back in the seat with the other boy my age. Or what I thought my age was. The boy laughed, his eyes flickering to the front. "What'd he do? Steal another one of your candy bars or something like that?" I realized he was talking to me. I shook my head. "What? Uh…" I don't understand this, why is he acting like he knows me and pretty well too from the familiarity in his tone at me and the blond boy's supposed antics. The boy with black curly hair and the pretty girl filled me a wariness that Jason didn't. Like I shouldn't be near the two of them, I tried to look past that since I barely remembered anything anyway. I heard the girl say. "Jason, you okay?" I stiffened, feeling like I was struck by lightning (which strangely enough I think I was in the past, but I couldn't grasp that memory). But, something did flicker behind my eyelids. The surroundings were blurred out as were any people that were around, but I did recognize the blond boy, who I now knew was Jason. In this memory, we were talking and we seemed pretty familiar with each other and close too. Staring at the front and not looking at Jason, I heard him stutter out to the pretty girl. "Um, I don't- " A voice suddenly shouted. "All right! Listen up, cupcakes!" I jumped a little and then a voice in my head told me I should be on guard at all times. I shook my head, I wasn't that insane, to be hearing voices, though it felt like another memory, not something current. The Latino boy next to me whispered with a snicker. "Rory, I did something. Wait for it." I just about recoiled away from him, scooting to the end of my seat. How does he know me? Or what I liked to be called as a nickname? He looked at me with a frown and I hoped I didn't hurt his feelings or something. I didn't want to do that. But he then grinned at me, so I thought I was seeing things. Anyway, I looked ahead to where the loud voice was. It was a man and he was short, at about 5 feet tall, his baseball cap hanging low over his dark beady eyes. He was scowling and the look looked like a default setting. He looked very grumpy. His chest and arms looked buff, his orange polo shirt stressing against his chest. He was wearing clean Nike's and track pants, they almost looked spotless. He had a stereotypical coach whistle hung around his neck and a megaphone clipped to his side, which I had a feeling he enjoyed using frequently. One student shouted. "Stand up, Coach Hedge!" I let out a snicker. Freaked out or not, I must have still had my old sense of humor, whatever that was. The Latino boy nudged me, grinning. I flinched away from him, my good humor gone. He sent me a confused look. Did he really know me? The coach shouted. "I heard that!" He looked over at me and his scowl deepened. He looked over to my side and if possible, his scowl deepened even further. Did he know I wasn't supposed to here or who I was? Or who I and Jason were? Why me and Jason felt connected other than the matching purple shirts? But the coach looked away and cleared his throat. "We arrive in five minutes! Stay with your partner. Don't lose your worksheet. And if any of you precious little cupcakes cause any trouble on this trip, I will personally send you back to campus the hard way." He picked up a baseball bat and swung it hard in front of him. I frowned to myself, I don't remember much, but shouldn't teachers get in trouble for talking to students that way? Jason must have been thinking the same way I was. "Can he talk to us that way?" I nodded in agreement, turning to the boy next to me. "Yeah, I mean, he's a teacher, right?" He snorted, fiddling with the buttons of his Army jacket unconsciously or it looked like it anyway. "Like he cares, it's Coach." I guess it explained that Coach Hedge was that type of person, I guess. Looking at his restlessness, I noticed I was barely keeping in one place. My foot was tapping on the floor of the bus along with my fingers on the opposite knee. It was almost like I also couldn't help it. I looked over at the girl as she spoke. "That's true, but they always do. This is the Wilderness School. 'Where the kids are animals'." She said it like it was an inside joke shared many times before. Jason looked lost and so did I. She acted like she knew Jason and me. I don't know her and it looks like he doesn't either. I don't know any of them here, except for that one glimpse of Jason and I barely know what that was. I moved back in my seat, shaking my head, focusing on the Coach. I needed to focus on what to do now, worry about my memories when I understood a little more. Jason said. "This is some sort of mistake. I'm not supposed to be here." I nodded in agreement. "Yeah, I don't…I mean, I really don't belong here." After all, how can I belong somewhere I don't remember being. The boy next to me laughed, patting my shoulder and turning to look at both me and Jason. "Yeah right, Jason, Rory. We've all been framed! I didn't run away six times. You, Rory didn't bust a pipe line in your old school and Piper didn't steal a BMW." The girl said. "I didn't steal that car, Leo." At least I knew their names now. Leo was the boy next to me and Piper was the girl next to Jason. Leo snickered at her answer and reaction. "Oh, I forgot, Piper. What was your story? You 'talked' the dealer into lending it to you?" His grin widened as his raised his eyebrows, like can you believe this ? Leo then said. "Anyway, I hope you've got your worksheet, 'cause I used mine for spit ball wads days ago. Why are you two looking at me like that? Someone draw on my face?" I said and realized Jason said it at the same time. "I don't know you." I turned to Piper. "Sorry, but you either." It made me realize, me and Jason were somehow in the same boat. Leo just kept his grin. "Sure, I'm not your best friend and Piper isn't yours, Rory. I'm his evil twin." I turned to Piper who was staring at me in shock, pained shock. I didn't know her, but it made guilt lace in my chest. Did she think we were close friends ? I looked away from her with a grimace, it was all I could do. "Leo Valdez! Problem back there?" Coach Hedge's voice shouted from the front. Leo winked and grinned at us. "Watch this." I remembered he told me earlier that he had something planned. Freaked out as I was, I couldn't help, but looked toward the front curiously. Leo called. "Sorry, Coach! I was having trouble hearing you. Could you use your megaphone, please?" The coach looked pleased to do so. He unclipped his megaphone and spoke into it, issuing directions. His voice sounded deep like Darth Vader's. The kids laughed and he tried again, but this time it said instead of his words, 'the cow says moo'. I couldn't help, but laugh in amusement at what Leo did.