Chapter 1 – Journey to the Capitol Disclaimer: I own nothing except any OC's you see. I decided to write this story because I felt that Fanfiction was lacking this type of character because I haven't found one so far through what I've read. The story Like Father Like Daughter touches on what I want to explore and is very good. However much different from what I intend to write. This is my first Fanfic but unlike some first fic's mine will have actual grammar :O I know, I know you think I'm lying but we'll just have to see. "The female tribute for the 73rd Hunger games is… Selene Riley," proclaimed Jasmine Gold, the District 5 escort with a slight giggle and her capitol accent. I froze everything was planned out, why me? I was one year away, I was going to start helping people like my father did. I've been studying how to be a doctor my whole life. As these thoughts rushed through my head I started walking slowly to the stage as the crowd parted for me to come through. As I walked up the stairs she saw Jasmine's make up plastered face smiling down at me in sheer glee. "Congratulations Selene, I'm sure you'll make your friends, family and district proud," said Jasmine in her usual cheery voice. Our fat mayor was there as swell along with as the two victors which district 5 held. My district is not one that is well known for winning the games and we only have two victors who are currently alive. Nothing compared to districts like 2 who have more than a dozen victors alive. Their names were Franklin and Rosalina. I've never really been bothered by watching the games. There has never been any real reason for me to watch them. I know the rules and I know how it usually goes, career tributes form a group, hunt down the other tributes at night, rest in the day and turn on each other after the other tributes are all dead. The games are very generic with the exception of a few when a member of another district wins or the change in the environment that happens each year. As I reached the top of the stage she blinked. That woman what right does she have to make unfounded assumptions about my life. "Now that we have our female tribute it's time for the male," said Jasmine. As bowl was gathered I took a moment to look at the district from where I was standing on the platform. The other members of the district looked up at my face with expression of pity on their. These were the type of people that I scorned, so normal. They judge those who do not fit into their little boxes that they make the world out to be. I am not normal, the lens through which I looked in order to see the world was a remorseless one. I have only ever my father for as long as long as I could remember and I didn't need anyone else. He was the head doctor of the Hospital in District five and Selene's only person until last year when he suffered a heart attack. I lost her mother at a young age and I would never settle for being taken care of by a baby sitter once I was able to voice my thoughts. Thus I always accompanied father to the hospital and whilst there I would read. Being a hospital the only books they had were medical but that didn't deter me as I thew myself into them for companionship. I read those books from the age of six up to the age of eighteen. Most would say that this wasn't what a young girl was meant to be doing but I have never regretted it. The books would give me everything from a thing to do in my free time to a source of income in my future. Due to my reading I never made friends, I had only her father and medical books and that was enough. "Here we go," said Jasmine as she reached into the bowl. "District five's male tribute is…Joshua Gruber." The crowd parted for a twelve year old boy to come through. He started crying and the peacekeepers were forced to escort him up to the stage. All of District five looked on, and did nothing. They were angry yes, but there was nothing they could do except volunteer. Which none of them would consider doing, they had a plan…everyone has a plan. I always planned on becoming a full time Doctor and surgeon once my next birthday came around. The blood involved in surgery was not odd to me. Many want to become a surgeon but could not stand the blood or the death. This was the environment I grew up in and I learned to not hold any remorse for the dead. If I didn't know the person then why should I care? Flashback – 8 years ago. " This is where you need to make the incision Selene," said my father to me at ten years old marking a point the dead body with a pen. "The most important things for a surgeon is a detailed understanding of the human body." " I understand daddy, this will help me when I grow up," I said as I then proceeded to make the cut with a scalpel and slice open the flesh that would lead to the heart. " In order to reach the heart what do we do now Selene?" " Since the ribs are in the way we need to either use a bone saw or a hammer and chisel to break the bones." " Exactly, since you're only ten and not strong enough to do either by yourself you can hold the chisel whilst I hit with the hammer," said my father whilst he picked up both pieces of equipment and handed one to me. "Hold it steady now, you don't want to get hit." We proceeded to systematically remove the bones in order to access the heart. "You can extract the heart yourself." I cut out the heart and showed it to father who had a pleased smile on his face as he launched into an in depth explanation of the heart, its functions and how it connects with the rest of the body. The boy Joshua Gruber was going to die and I held no plans for even trying to help him, he would be of no use in these games and I didn't know him or anyone he knew. His was not a death that was to be mourned. From his clothing he looked like he was from an average income family as most of those in District 5 are. We are the district that supplies the capitol with its power and in the first half of the districts. I on the other hand was amongst the rich of 5. Nothing compared to the wealth of those in the capitol but my father was head Doctor which was a highly valued job which paid accordingly. I myself did not bother to dress up for the capitol. I wore a simple combination of shoes, trousers and a shirt. I was rarely seen in the district and could use poverty as an excuse if anyone were to ever question my clothing. The mayor then went on to read the Treaty of Treason as he does each year. I don't know if President Snow gets some kind of glee from this every year. It and the games are symbols of how oppressed those in our districts are. If I look at it from his perspective I guess I could understand why it must be done. He wants us to know that there is no hope, if there is hope then the people might rebel or act out against the capitol and rebel. Hope would be the last thing which the president would want the citizens of the districts to ever have. Hopeless and obedient was preferred, those who revel in it like District 2 was ideal to the Snow After he finished with the reading of the treaty he signalled for us to shake hands. I stuck my hand out first because the boy was far too scared to do it by himself. He probably didn't even hear the treaty being read and did not know what to do. He noticed my hand being presented to him and looked to my face before returning the hand shake. His big eyes looked up at mine in a hopeful manner. He actually had to audacity to think that I was going to team up with and help him in the games. What he foolish boy he will learn soon enough. With that we turn back to the crowd and I put a glowing smile on my face and blow a kiss to the citizens of the capitol. There was no reason to fit in with what my district thought normal but I need the capitol to see me as an option for a victor. If Snow wants you to lose, you will lose. Sponsors were also incredibly useful and had made or broken the game for many tributes in the past. I was determined to put on a show for the capitol so that they like me. My goal was not to come across as a powerful player but rather one that could be accepted by the capitol and loved by them. There was a thin line between that and a threat to the careers. Hopefully they do not see me as a real threat and simply someone who wants to get sponsors in order to survive against them. Their confidence in their own strength and my weakness will be their downfall. It will blind them to the truth and I will use that against them. "May the odds be ever in your favour," says Jasmine excitedly as she looked on. I wasn't able to see the look on the mayor's face because he was one of the few in the district who knew of me because he insisted on only going to my father for his medical needs. Naturally he knew me as his doctors completely anti-social daughter and seeing this from me was bound to be shocking. I think back on all the times that I spent studying my medicine. In the games I have a definite edge on the competition. I know how their bodies will respond to any type of stimulus that I may choose to use on them. There are so many possibilities for death and learning how to prevent it has only showed me how many more there are than I could have ever thought. These games were going to be different. Everyone will have an opinion on me but no one will have the slightest inkling of what I am capable of. I will break the other tributes, these games will bend to my will and my rules not those of the capitol where the expected succeed. The capitol was in for the shock of their lives because they have never met a tribute like myself. Johanna Mason's game was probably the only one where I watched the whole game after I overheard what happened. She manipulated them all into thinking she was weak, when she was just waiting for an opportunity to present itself. It is something which I might have considered had it not already been used by her. The anthem starts to play and I find myself thinking on what might have been. Life was simple, I had a pattern, it may have been different from the normal pattern but it was one nonetheless. I didn't have anyone I cared about and so if something ever went wrong then the capitol could threaten no one in order to get to me. It