Misguided Silver Lining A/N: I don't own Twilight, but all story ideas are original Prologue "I'm sorry it's too late" The quiet voice echoed, pain radiating through every word. "It can't be too late, she's stronger then this." A voice of desperation met with fear chased the statement. "She needs her new start, she deserves her silver lining." "This isn't how she should get it." The first voice responded with reason. "I know that but what other choice do I have?" "It needs to be her choice, not the choice of a monsters." "So what can I do?" "You need to give her the chance, you need to change this?" "How?" "You know how Jasper, the question is not whether she is strong enough, but whether you are?" The room went silent as he placed his hands around her wrist, every hope and prayer was on him, he let his lips trace the small dent below her hand where her veins came to the surface; before he let his instincts take over. He tore himself away, praying he wasn't too late. Her breathing was the only thing that broke the silence, every eye upon her until her eyes opened. Chapter One – Fork in the Road Song: Misguided Ghosts – Paramore: Brand New Eyes Love that once hung on the wall, used to mean something but now it means nothing. Today was the day I said goodbye, leaving behind the past I had known and loved to the present of brown cardboard moving boxes filled with everything I own. A choice, believe me, that was not mine but one that was made for me. If I had my choice I would be staying put in Phoenix and forgetting the last couple of months ever happened. But that couldn't happen; life didn't have a rewind button. For the next couple of hours the entire contents of my life were piled into a truck set for a small town named Forks, Washington State. In other words a complete separation from the life I knew to a spec on the map town where I would have to spend the next couple of years until I could escape the mundane and go to the land of my dreams, Italy or my Australia, France, Canada? Anywhere but the same country as my family. I sat in the back seat of Phil's car as I watched the house I grew up in slowly fade away in the distance. As that house faded away so did Isabella, all that was left was a lifeless empty shell. Maybe I was being melodramatic, but when all that you know is suddenly ripped away in a matter of weeks, I think my reaction wasn't too left field. I couldn't help remember the day mom came home, smile as wide as the ocean as she declared proudly. "I've started internet dating." And from there it all went down hill. She met Phil, a small troll like man, blindly I encouraged her wanting the best for her, but in doing that I didn't realise I would have to let go of everything I knew and loved. Phil won her heart through a series of instant messages, phone calls and skype sessions. I wanted to vomit at the love struck look my mother got in her eyes every time she spoke of him. Four weeks later, over email of all things, Phil proposed. Yep, I know, email proposal, the epitome of romance!...kill me. The crazier part, my mom said yes. Let that sink in, four week, never met, email of proposal and she said yes. People think Disney Princesses have problems…. Their love was patient; their love was kind there love made my mother lose her mind. What was even worse then that, yes I know what your thinking, how could it possibly get worse? Cue the eye rolls people! She married him on the first day they physically met. Oh yeah, I'm not kidding, believe me I wish I was. So this is what landed me here, in a car going to Forks, leaving behind the heat of Phoenix for the cold and rain, if felt like the new area replicated my personal feelings for the place. My eyes faded to the chair in front as I placed my iPod in my ears and closed my eyes trying to forget everything and everyone around me. I hated my new life, I didn't really know what specifically started the down fall, all I knew was I had fallen. Was Phil really problem? Or was it more the sudden change? Naturally people have difficulties with change, the world rejects the new at first but after awhile warms up to it. Was that really all it was, or was there something under his smile that only I could see. I couldn't help but get antsy every time he opened his peculiarly shaped mouth. On the outside Phil really did look harmless, ugly, but harmless, but I couldn't help my heckles rising every time he came into the room. It felt like he was always watching me as if I was prey he just couldn't reach, I think that is what scared me the most. But my best friend although agreeing with me that Phil did have a creepy way of doing things still thought this reaction of mine was just to the change. I suppose it was because there was never a father; it was just mom and I. We had done so much together and we were so close. I never imagined mom would let anyone into our little perfect family and if she ever did I imagined it would have been slow and very much with my approval. And originally nothing did change, mom and I were still super close when she first "met" Phil, we still did everything normally, it was going slow and life was good. Then things started to dramatically change. Mom stopped talking to me as much, all she would do was go to work, come home, eat and talk to him. To say the least I started to fall deep into a dark hole and no one noticed because really the only major person I had in my life was my mom and suddenly she was gone. I wasn't depressed, well I don't think I was, but I definitely wasn't myself. My bright bubbly personality started to dwindle away like embers of a fire in the wind. My friends started to treat me differently because they had no idea what to do for me so I slowly faded away at school too. My school performance started to drop and I began to want to spend more time alone. I lost the will to fight for it too, my common phrase of the day was, 'who cares anyway.' I tried to do all I could to try and make the "family" façade work but to do that I had to be someone I wasn't and that I couldn't do. So the life of my mother and her new husband became perfect as mine spiralled out of control. Maybe Mom did try to reach out but by then it was too late for me to see it and before I knew it, Phil was permanently in my life. When he came home, I was a shadow on the wall that was too easily ignored and that was exactly how mom and Phil wanted it. In moving they were making it official that they were making their lives together and the past of mom and I was non-existent, therefore I become non-existent. Even if that wasn't how the world would have seen it, that is what it felt like. A happy marriage with a plus one; a unwanted plus one. I let the loud music playing in my ears consume me, so my thoughts wouldn't return to the bad memories that were now my life. I rested my head against the cold glass and slowly traced my finger across the glass making a small pattern in the fog from my breath. Before I could comprehend the time, Forks with its small town and quaint infrastructure spread out before my eyes, it was only about three in the afternoon but it already seemed to be night with the cover of clouds and rain. People walked around with their arms tightly around them from the cold as puffs of smoke displayed they were still breathing. The town wasn't as small as I was expecting, it was smaller, there were no brands or chain stores, and everything was family owned. The only thing that didn't have a last name attached to the title was the school where I would be attending. Mom turned to me as if obliged asking if I was excited and I simply let my shoulders rise and fall not knowing how I felt about anything. A cold chill ran down my spine the car turned and entered into the driveway of the new place my "family" would call home. It was an old two-story white painted timber panel house with the classic blue window trims. A small light illuminated the front door, which was situated on a small deck, below were a couple of over grown hedges and a large tree to the left of the house. A forest took up the rest of the space to the left and behind the house; at least I'd have somewhere to hide. When the Truck stopped I quietly opened my door and made my way to the cabin of the truck. I grabbed the closest boxes that were labelled mine and went into the house that Phil opened. Dust motes floated around as I turned the lights on illuminating the front room and through to the living kitchen area. It was small, cold and felt empty even though most of our furniture was already moved in. It didn't smell right, it didn't look right, it wasn't home. I rolled my eyes and made my way up the stairs to my new bedroom, it was a tiny bit larger then my normal room but didn't have the memories that my room contained. My bed was against the wall facing a bay window, my desk was at the side under the second window and my closet was beside my door. I dropped the box and went and fell on my bed hoping by some miracle it would consume me and I wouldn't have to face another day of misery. I tried to let my eyes close, hoping to sleep but instead I was interrupted, 'You need to go and get the rest of the boxes and bring them into the house now.' Phil commanded, with the look from his eyes I went out and did exactly as he said. Phil hadn't physically hit me, but he had given me a verbal beating more times than I'd like to remember, he knew how to emotionally manipulate and connive and I couldn't match him. A couple of times we butted heads and I came out much worse, I used to be the queen of the debating scene but I felt like a defenceless little kid against him. So I did what he said with a hope nothing more would escalate. By the time I had finished all the unpacking Phil and mom were both blissfully sleeping and I was left to take care of myself. I wished I could have fallen asleep but after doing all the work my body was sufficiently awake. I slowly opened each of the boxes and placed all of my possession in the places they fitted best. Without wanting to I fell asleep at my desk as I went through the old photos I had taken of the life I had before. As the sun rose in the cloud covered sky my room was fully unpacked and in looked almost like my room back home. My desk was already messy covered