Hey Guys, Maddie here! I'm sooooo excited for this! This is my first chapter of my new multi-chapter story, "Nothing Stronger than Hope"! Ahhh I'm ecstatic to write but all your comments and encouragement motivate me heaps so I would be extremely grateful if you could leave a review – the more reviews the quicker I will post more chapters :) In regards to the story, it's based just as Katniss blows up the arena in the Quarter Quell and continues from that point forward but with a twist (mwahaha). By the way, Katniss and Peeta are both married (and in love) with Katniss being actually pregnant with Peeta's child. So just keep that in context whilst reading this. Also a massive shout out to Jesusfollower97 for the inspiration they gave me for this story – go check out their stories too (won't be disappointed!). By the way, this is going to be strictly T rated (nothing less, nothing more). DISCLAIMER: As much as I wish the THG trilogy were mine, sadly it isn't – all rights go to Suzanne Collins :) I rise, turning to the force field, fully revealing myself but no longer caring. Only caring about where I should direct my tip, where Beetee would have driven the knife if he'd been able to choose. My bow tilts up at the wavering square, the flaw, the...what did he call it that day? The chink in the armor. I let the arrow fly, see it hit its mark and vanish, pulling the thread of gold behind it. My hair stands on end and the lightning strikes the tree. A flash of white runs up the wire, and for just a moment, the dome bursts into a dazzling blue light. I'm thrown backwards to the ground, body useless, paralyzed, eyes frozen wide, as feathery bits of matter rain down on me. I can't reach Peeta. I can't even reach my ring. My eyes strain to capture one last image of beauty to take with me. Right before the explosions begin, I find a star. How am I still alive? I don't even know myself. The arena erupts into mouthfuls of unforgiving fire, shattering the works of the Gamemakers, and destroying surely the last Quarter Quell to occur. President Snow won't overlook this: if I'm not dead now, I will be soon. All for nothing: the marriage, toasting, even the baby that I can't protect. And I curse myself for falling into Snow's trap. I shouldn't have fallen for Peeta, shouldn't have got married, done a toasting, conceived the baby, giving it a suicidal future. But I can't. Can't bring myself to convincing that I should have left Peeta. Forgotten him (it would have been easier at least: for the both of us) but this past year with him, despite all the fear and destruction throughout Panem, has been the best in my life. And Peeta made it the best. Taught me to love, to live through pain, to take risks based on the knowing hope of thriving. And I can't convince myself to forget him, to throw away the fragile life I built with Peeta. My ears ring and my vision blurs, all my senses feel unsynchronized, non-calibrated, and I'm useless. Can't even stand on my own two feet as the blood seeps from my body and my head pounds, dizziness and fatigue taking over. And as this world seems to crash down around me, I remember: the bread with Peeta, the dandelion in the Spring, Lady and Buttercup, the woods and my father, hunting with Gale, the Reaping and Prim's over-sized untucked blouse that formed a duck's tail - then the games, the Bloodbath, the fire, the tracker-jackers that brought only nightmares and Rue: her fatal death that sparked the Revolution. These thoughts bring tears to my eyes, which I blink over as they spill down my cheeks. Finding Peeta by the river, the cave where our love blossomed, the Feast and the mutts. Fear grips my body, taking a hold of my emotions that I can't control. Straining, I force myself to remember the moments that really mattered: the wedding, the rings, and nights on the train where I felt only comfort beside Peeta; hope, the toasting, Prim's smile that could light a room and my trust for my mother that was slowly healing; moving in with Peeta and the discovery of our child; his comfort for me, for us and our soon-to-be family…then the Quell. Every wracked sob that leaves my lungs sends pain spiraling to my skull, where I can just faintly hear my name being repeated over and over through the ringing in my ears. " Katniss! Katniss, where are you?!" I know that it's getting to me, all the pain and emotions that I've felt in this crucial minute have created a torturous voice that is painstakingly Peeta's in my head. And I choose to ignore it. " Katniss! KATNISS!" I can't trust myself to trust the voice. Can't trust myself to plunge into another depth that will only result in pain. And I've had enough. Maybe it's for the better; to die right here, right now and save my child from the horrors of the world. That's what I try to believe at least – but my name continues to become a desperate plea, a holler into the abyss where the only answer is destruction and screams. I can't even answer, lift a finger to alert my presence, tell Peeta that I'm here, still hanging on for him and his promise of hope and thriving. Is it me or does it seem that the voice drifts closer, confusing my senses, pulling me back into the world of destruction and fear? Then what little of my vision I have left is cut out by a darkness looming overhead. And I can't make it out. All the light ebbs, blocked by the massive object that materializes further. Somewhere underneath the floating object, a light reveals itself, illuminating my vision once again. In the depths of the light that I can't make out, descends a silhouette of a claw (or at least that's what I assume it is). I panic, exhausted of being held captive and not wanting to spend any longer as one, but I am unable to move, to run from an unwanted future. Stranded, I lay vulnerably on the ground that erupts around me, surrounding my body in heat, as the claw draws closer to my being. " NO!" Just as the claw reaches what has to be under a one-meter distance from my body, I feel my right arm lurch to the side, dragging my paralyzed body with it. Pain highlights and spreads from that point and I feel the metal talons from the claw scrape my left arm as I'm dragged out of reach of it. That simple scratch burns my nerves like fire, as if every ounce of pain has been increased by a hundred percent. My body trembles in relief to be out of reach of the now-unmistakable hovercraft that impends above me but also fear sparks my body as the person dragging me across the tree-rooted ground has the ability to end my life here and now. But maybe that's not such a bad thing. I feel my suspicions confirmed as I'm lifted off the ground, surely to be thrown back down and I know that the Games are not over yet. However, with complete surprise – unless my eyes are deceiving me – Peeta's face swarms my vision. He's fear-stricken and instead of throwing me to the ground, the top half of my body is draped over his shoulder as he breaks into a sprint away from the hovercraft, stumbling a few times as his prosthetic catches on roots running to nowhere – just away from here. "Hold on," Peeta's voice breaks through my hearing in a whisper, and if I could move at all I would be clutching his muscular frame for dear life. The broken and torn apart landscape blurs into colors of red, orange and yellow – the colors of fire – as Peeta tears past, running as if our lives depend on it, because they do. Matter rains down around us, Peeta doing his best to dodge any larger pieces of metal that fall from the arena's dome. His heavy pants combined with the perspiration pouring down his face alerts me that he's been running for a long time, for a long distance: all for me. And if this world weren't crashing down around us, I would be smiling, owing myself to this boy as I have a million times before. " You could live a thousand lifetimes, and never deserve that boy" Peeta continues to run with me draped over his shoulder, his heavy treads pounding across the jungle floor. Until, a deafening creak sounds from above, increasing the throbbing in my ears and head. I let out a stifled, animalistic groan as the noise becomes too much for my pounding headache. Peeta lifts his hand to my hair, soothingly stroking it before the creaking noise turns into a booming crack. Peeta skids to a halt and lifts his eyes to above us. His face takes on a panicked expression, indication that whatever is happening isn't good. We take off in – if even possible – a faster sprint, trying to outrun whatever is following our treads. Peeta continues to glance up at the sky that is falling in chunks. Chunks… That's when Peeta dives towards the ground as far ahead of us as possible as the huge piece of the fallen sky collides with the ground, echoing a huge crash as it explodes into bits of matter raining down on our bodies. I just hear Peeta groan quietly through gritted teeth when his grip on my body loosens, and I go flying out of his reach and into a waiting tree, knocking the wind out of me. A spurt of blood sprays my face as a fresh wound is opened and a pained cry escapes my paralyzed lips. Minutes seem to pass in slow motion until I feel Peeta's quavering but yet steady arms wrap again tightly around my frame. Whimpering from my screaming muscles as I'm lifted off the ground, Peeta clutches me close to his chest, tighter then before, the determination set in his grip on me. It's all chaos. Fire breaks out from every corner, every crevice, igniting already scorched trees and singeing all matter within each square meter. It's like I'm back in the fires during my first games, where I'm all but surrounded in the sweltering blaze, and yet again, my reputation of the Girl on Fire is put to shame. Although this time, the fires aren't artificial. Peeta, slower this time round and with a more noticeable limp, continues to run, weaving through trees and walls of fire, hastily looking to the damaged sky for any falling chunks of matter that threaten to crush us under pounds of metal. The throbbing in my head is stronger than ever and I'm still gasping for breath from my harsh bashing I took from the tree. But despite my paralyzing, I don't think I got worse off. Now as I lift my eyes to Peeta's face, I see the long, jagged gash that oozes blood, pouring down his face in a thick river of red. His golden-blonde curls are plastered to his forehead, a result from his sweat but his eyes; they gleam an even more brighter blue, accenting the fierceness in his being, the anger for the Capitol and for the fear that has been stricken and placed in our lives: because we don't deserve it. Don't deserve to suffer in pain as does our child, or and other Victors, neither the Districts, rich or not. Maybe that's why Peeta's always complimenting my eyes. I don't see anything in them except pools of boring Seam grey,