1 How Georgie Shmidt Lost her Mind I'm the kind of Twilight Saga fan who would never tell anyone that I absolutely adored the books and read them once every year. Sure, I occasionally mention that I had read and liked them. Those little remarks usually went unnoticed though. Most people, though they liked to deny it, had in fact read at least the first book, so it wasn't a surprise when I said I had too. It was out of a sense of self-preservation, in order to keep my pride and status as a girl who read good books, that I didn't go around announcing how much I loved Edward Cullen and vampires and werewolves and the whole deal. I kept my copies of Twilight, New Moon, Eclipse, and Breaking Dawn to the side of the second shelf on my bookcase. They blended in with their dark covers among other books and were generally unnoticed. I tried to keep them in good condition, but the front page of my Twilight copy was missing, and the binding of Breaking Dawn had almost completely come undone. New Moon was the least damaged, for obvious reasons. It was on a cold night, after a tiring and altogether depressing day, that I picked up the familiar Twilight book to read. Holding it carefully with both hands I drooped into the couch and opened the front page (remember, there isn't a cover anymore) and started reading. " I'd never given much thought to how I would die…" Bella Swan told me. I hadn't given much thought to how I would die either. I always assumed it would be in a bed while I slept. I always assumed I would be old and alone and that I would be ready for it. I always assumed it would be years and years away. I always assumed I wouldn't have to make the decision myself. The familiar words lulled me into what can only be described as a hypnotic trance. I know, it sounds strange. It sounds strange because it was strange. There was a part of me that was suddenly very concerned about what was going on, and another part of me that didn't have the foggiest and couldn't bring itself to do anything about it. The latter part of me had control over most of my brain, so I continued to read and be swept up into the words. The day's troubles slipped from my mind. I was no longer thinking about my failed English test or my mother's job issues. I even forgot about the old woman I met in the park. A part of me, the same part that was very concerned about what was going on, thought that the old lady in the park might have had something to do with the strange trance I had entered. The other part of me had forgotten about it completely. Bella and Charlie were riding in the car, staring out the windows. I had that sudden feeling you get when you read an amazing description for the first time and you swear for a second you can taste the blueberries or feel the cotton dress. I felt like I could really see them, that they weren't a product of my imagination. It was like they were a dream, I was surprised to see them, but they weren't quite substantial. Then they were at the house and Bella let a few tears fall as she stared out her window and it felt like if I reached out I might feel a wisp of wind where her shoulder was. Then she was tossing and turning in bed and then finally falling asleep and the wind was howling and rain was beating against the window. I could hear every individual rain drop. It wasn't just the impression of rain, it really was rain. The part of me that was freaking out a little bit was completely gone now; my mind had succumbed to the feeling of weightlessness. I swayed and tumbled down into a deep, dark hole that suddenly appeared. I didn't question the hole's existence, I accepted it and also accepted that I should go inside it. I fell, and for a while it felt like flying. Wind whipped past me, beating against my cheeks and arms and legs. Colors streaked across my vision like a world spinning at incredible speeds around the sun. Or maybe it was just that I was incredibly slow to process the world as it turned. Stars twirled in slow motion. I couldn't concentrate on anything, even if I wanted to. Ideas and thoughts slipped through my head, speeding through like racecars. They left only small impressions that they had been there. I reached after the thoughts languidly. They were already gone before I even extended my hand to catch them. Then, suddenly, everything stopped. I knew it stopped because I could catch my thoughts and actually think them. My first thought was that I was dead. My second thought was that Heaven was supposed to be white, not green. My third thought was that if Hell was red, and the opposite of red was green, then it made perfect sense that Heaven was green and not white. My fourth thought was that I was angry that I was dead. My fifth thought was that at least I wouldn't have to take another English test. I opened my eyes to stare upwards. I was lying flat on my back, arms and legs stretched out. I was comfortable. That wasn't a surprise, since I was dead now. I figured my soul would always be perpetually comfortable if I went to Heaven. It was nice to find out I had been right about that. My eyes focused on the image above me and I realized I was staring up at dark green leaves. Peaking through the leaves was a deep grey sky. I looked to my left and saw damp fog surrounding me. Rain misted my face. I gulped. Was heaven supposed to be a forest? I guess I could understand that. A big, never-ending forest where you met strange spirits that taught you lessons you hadn't learned during life. I sat up and immediately my head spun with the effort. I turned to the side and retched onto a patch of damp green grass. The smell and taste of bile on the back of my throat made me want to puke more, but I had nothing left inside me. I gagged for a moment then wiped my mouth with the back of my hand. It was then I knew I wasn't dead. If I was in Heaven I wouldn't feel woozy or sick. I would feel comfortable and peaceful. Everything here was too solid feeling. I didn't feel like a soul, unsubstantial or glowing. I felt like I was still in my body, just like always. Slowly, I raised myself up. Propping myself up on my hands, I staggered upright. I put a hand to my head and closed my eyes as the dizzy feeling returned. I felt as though I had been spinning for a long time and had stopped suddenly. Carefully, I attempted to open my eyes. The ground rocked up and down like a teeter totter. I closed my eyes again. Taking several deep breaths, I leaned back against a tree and tried to relax. I was indeed in a forest, and the silence made a cold puddle of fear settle in my stomach. Fog settled over everything, more like a blurring to images than anything substantial. I couldn't see further than twenty feet. Pale light came from the grey clouds above me suggesting that it was early morning. Rain drops fell from the canopy down onto my shoulder-length blonde hair and made it start frizzing. Where was I? I wondered. How had I gotten here? Was I drugged? Was I kidnapped? I had no memory of coming to this place. I did a mental check of my body and found no bruises or sign of injury. My clothes were still intact. Luckily, I was wearing long jeans and a thick, black long sleeve sweater so the slight chill in the air wasn't an issue. What was an issue was that I had taken my boots off at home and now I was barefoot in a forest I had never seen before with a horrifying lack of substantial memories to back up why I was here. Well, I did have the one strange memory of reading Twilight and then everything started getting very real seeming and then I fell down a dark hole. My mind wouldn't even consider processing that memory. There was no way I was going to think about what that meant, to think about how even though I had no memory of this forest, I still found it oddly familiar as if seen in a dream once before. Maybe it was one of the National Parks near my home. That was probably it. I shook my head to wake myself up from thoughts that were ridiculous. I had to get home. I had to find a way out of here. On a hunch I headed off in a random direction. There wasn't any moss growing on the sides of trees even though it was an extremely green forest and really there should have been moss, but even if there had been I wouldn't have trusted it. My head was spinning in circles so I doubt I would have been able to follow a beacon of light let alone the direction moss was growing. My hunch, though, turned out to be correct. The trees started to thin out. The undergrowth receded and I found myself on a street in a town. I breathed a sigh of relief. Everything was going to be okay. I would find a house or a telephone or somebody with a cell and I would call my parents and they would come pick me up. I wondered vaguely how far away from home I was, but decided not to dwell on that too much. I couldn't be too far from Wichita. My eyes stopped on a house to my right. It was small and unassuming but the sight of it made me pause for a half second. My breath caught in my throat but I forced down the panic and all the wild thoughts that threatened to take over my mind. I walked briskly forward along the side of the road. I didn't see a cop car or a red truck in the brick driveway and that made me calm down. Don't be an idiot , I told myself. You fell asleep and sleepwalked to a nearby park where you collapsed for the night. That's it. After reprimanding myself for being such a dunce, I refocused and continued down the street. I wandered around for what seemed like a long time until I found a street with shops on either side. On the corner was a gas station. I sighed with relief. After glancing at my bare feet for a moment, I entered. They would have to at least let me use the phone. The door shut behind me silently. A graying woman sat behind the counter at the back. She was reading a magazine. I made my way through the aisles to stand in front of her. "Excuse me, ma'am?" I asked as politely as I could. I was surprised at how clear my voice sounded. I thought it would be scratchy and rough from such a strange night's sleep. "May I help you?" The woman looked up at me over her thin reading glasses. The magazine had pictures of a decorated living room across the glossy page. "Yes, I was wondering if I could use the telephone." "Certainly," she said with a smile. The woman hopped off her stool and beckoned for me to come around the counter. I tried not to