Summary – The stubbornness of an elleth leads Legolas through a day of outlandish pranks just to prove she loves him. Disclaimer – I do not own any characters, places or references found in the Lord of the Rings universe and make absolutely no profit in this. Author's Notes – I have written many of my stories in first person and prefer this format. This story is told from the point of view of Legolas and Merilin (meaning 'nightingale' in Sindarin) and is pure fun and fluff. Warnings – 1)Marysue character – definition: a character created by the author and not in the original stories – some readers don't like them, so this is why I've put this as a warning 2) Legolas will be out of character – I am well aware of it. This is just fanfiction, done for fun, so if you're looking to read exact Lord of the Rings book canon, then stop reading this now. 3) Sexual situations – self explanatory 4) Some people don't like them, but I love using the three dots (…) and I use them a lot. To me it means a pause in thought or a side note. 24 Hours of Insanity By Marisa Chapter 1 – Oh, My Aching Head (Merilin's POV) As I slowly regained consciousness, I felt heat upon my face and knew the sun was shining through the window. The side of my head began throbbing quite painfully and it was no wonder, considering the amount of miruvor I consumed the previous night at the King's Merrymaking Ball. I thanked the Valar such an event came only once a year. I rarely drank miruvor and never in great quantities. How had I allowed such a thing to happen? The twins…If I recalled correctly, the deviant sons of Elrond had much to do with it. As soon as I could manage to get out of my bed, I would hunt them down and kill both of them. I forced my eyes open and frowned at the extremely bright light on my face. Of course, it was the sun. But I did not recall it ever shining so brightly through the window. Even the simple act of raising a hand to shield my eyes proved to be exhausting. Just as I discovered the fact that the sun was actually shining down on me from the wrong direction, I quickly surmised that I was not in my assigned bed chamber…or on any bed for that matter. Strange that my eyes were staring at what looked like stone flooring. That was a surprise. To be lying on the ground. My next thought was to ask myself how had I gotten to be there. I raised my head, still shielding my eyes with a hand, and glanced around. The movement was again exhausting. The familiarity of the expansive room was a shock because I remembered just how crowded this very hall had been the previous night. And to add to the oddity of the situation, I discovered I was lying in a corner, covered in what appeared to be the cloth from one of the tables. My eyes fell upon something blue lying on the floor a short distance away. Recognition came instantly. It was my gown and my undergarments were right beside it. They had been tossed there in what looked to be a haphazard manner. With a squeak, I realized I wore no clothing beneath the tablecloth. A sound from behind forced me to be still. I did not dare breathe, waiting for the sound to come again. Then I felt it…something breathed at the back of my neck. My first thought was that one of the King's hounds was lying behind me. I slowly edged away, hoping the animal would not awaken. My recollection of the large hounds was that they liked to lick faces and I was in no mood for such affection at the moment. At least not while I was so…underdressed. I slowly sat up and turned to confirm the presence of the hound. But it was no hound lying there. It was another Elf…a golden-haired one and bare from the waist up according to the placement of the tablecloth. For a moment I almost forgot to worry about finding myself in such a predicament. Until the Elf stirred and rolled over on his back, revealing to me the face of the prince of Mirkwood. An involuntary screech escaped my throat and I quickly scrambled backward, taking the tablecloth with me. The action uncovered the rest of him and revealed his leggings wide open and pushed down to his knees…and him in all of his glory…his rather splendid and erect glory, more like it. The sight forced another screech out of my mouth, this one much louder. The sound awakened Legolas and he reflexively sat up, slamming his head into the side of a planter beneath the window above him. A string of Elven curses spilled from his mouth as he fell back to the floor, both hands covering the growing red welt on his forehead. I started to move toward him because I was the kind of elleth who could not bear to see anyone in pain. When he opened his eyes and they suddenly focused on a place below my chin, I remembered the tablecloth and my state of undress and quickly pulled it back up to cover myself. Just for good measure, I slid further away. Legolas sat back up, scowling at the offending planter and avoided it this time. Then he realized the state of his own undress and immediately pulled up his leggings to cover himself before turning in my direction. For a moment he looked confused and then he raised his eyebrows. "Well," he said with a goofy smile. "This is rather awkward." "Awkward?" I scrunched my face into a frown. "Legolas Greenleaf, did you…did you…" I was so angry the words would not even come to my lips. "Did I what?" he asked in annoyance and rubbed his forehead. I pointed an accusing finger at him. "You…You know what you did." He held his hands up in surrender. "Believe me when I say I truly want to remember. Perhaps you can enlighten me." I stared at his bare chest and the sudden image of his bare genitals popped into my head, forcing me to close my eyes and shake my head. Such perfection…I had envisioned him to be perfect, but to actually see him sent my pulse racing into oblivion. "How could you not remember?" He frowned. "For your information I drank far more miruvor than you last night. That is how I do not remember. I might ask why you do not remember." "You made me drink too much." "I made you drink too much? I do not recall forcing anything down your throat…" He paused and reached up to rub his chin almost thoughtfully. "Except perhaps my…" The mortified look on my face must have stopped the rest of his words. But not all of them. "Nonetheless I am quite certain you were the one that requested it." I gave him another angry look. "What? I do not even like you. Therefore I conclude that you took advantage of me." "Ha! I have never taken advantage of any elleth." He folded his arms across his chest and smiled in a smug manner. "There is no need for it because they pursue me at every opportunity." "Such arrogance and conceit. Tis no small wonder I have no interest in you." I turned around and began to crawl toward my clothing several feet away. Legolas chuckled behind me. "I would truly be content if such a splendid sight greeted me every morning." I glanced back over my shoulder and realized in my haste to crawl away from him and gather my clothing, that I failed to cover my back side. I quickly rolled around to hide myself. "You do not have to look." "Tis in my face, how can I not look?" I struggled to my feet, feeling dizzy from the agonizing ache in my head, but having enough sense to securely wrap the tablecloth around myself. Staring into his eyes, just to prove that he did not daunt me, I took two steps back and bent to pick up my clothing. Then I lifted my nose in the air and turned to walk away in a dignified manner…only to trip over something in my path. Falling face first with a surprised yelp, my legs were splayed out behind me in a most unladylike manner…not quite as decorous as I had hoped. The hound that had walked in my path came around to sympathetically lick my face. " Rhach le !" I cried out and pushed him away. (curse you) The son of the King laughed from where he still sat on the floor. "Do you require assistance?" I stood back up, readjusted the tablecloth and smoothed my hair before calmly turning to face Legolas. "Nay, I am fine." Then I glared at the hound, daring him to step in my path once again. After a moment I turned around and casually walked toward the doorway. Along the way I realized that we had not been alone in the hall. I saw Elladan lying with an unknown elleth at another corner. Two pairs of feet were sticking out from beneath one of the tables. An elleth I did not recognize was sprawled in one of the planters beneath the window. I whirled around to take in the rest of the hall, my eyes falling on the King's chair where a hairy dwarf slept with another hairy being curled on his lap. Another couple were locked in a lover's embrace on one of the many cushioned benches. Never in my fifteen hundred years of life had I seen such a sight. What had happened throughout the evening? What had been in the miruvor to intoxicate so many into displaying such unruly public behavior? My own dilemma quickly resurfaced. Did Legolas and I…? And I had no recollection of it? Oh, why did it have to be Legolas…the Elf I despised more than anyone or anything in my entire life? I picked up my feet and hastened to the bed chamber assigned to me for the duration of my stay in Mirkwood. But as circumstances would have it, if I had no bad luck then I would have no luck at all. Rounding a corner I nearly collided into Gandalf and Lord Elrond, my guardian. I thought about groveling at their feet in reverence, but wearing only a tablecloth would appear a bit bizarre to them. "Merilin, are you all right?" asked Elrond. "I am fine," I replied with a forced smile, unable to think of anything else to say. "Quite well, in fact. Thank you for asking." I turned with a grimace and continued down the hall, hearing the two of them question each other regarding my rather odd behavior. When I finally reached my room, I slammed the door shut before leaning back against it and hopelessly sliding down to the floor. Oh Valar, what had I done with Legolas? And especially why with him? Why could I not have woken with someone else? Even waking up with gentle old Gandalf beside me would have been far less disturbing. Well, maybe not. Oh, what in Middle Earth had I done? I stood up and rushed into the bath chamber, scrambling to release water in the tub and impatiently waiting for it to fill. The water was warm and comforting, but my heart continued to pound loudly in my chest. Legolas… I detested him with every fiber of my being. Why had I allowed him to violate me, much less even touch me in any manner? He was a self-centered, arrogant snob, parading around like some kind of prized stallion, with ladies always giggling and preening themselves in his