Finally . My moment of triumph has come at last. This isn't the same as the other tributes I've killed, the ones who were weak and worthless and didn't even bother to put up a fight. She's different. Katniss is smart and quick, good with her bow, and feisty enough to have made it this far. She seems to know everything about the forest, and she's able to climb a tree faster and higher than even Cato. But now I've got her. She's my prey now. Katniss is running, as quick and blissfully unaware as a rabbit. I can tell by the way she sprints and keeps looking around that she's worried, but she doesn't know who the hunter is yet. I see her dart towards the tiny orange backpack with the number 12 on it just before I throw my knife. It slices through the air, light but lethal. I'm aiming for her shoulder, but Katniss notices it and at the last moment deflects it with her bow. It bounces harmlessly off, but not before chipping off some of the wood. She turns, raising her bow and shooting. I'm somewhat proud of the fact that she seems unsurprised when she sees me. I'm better than the others: better than Marvel and Coral and Glimmer, the girl that Cato used to toy with the affections of. But they're dead now, and I've proven my worth. I dart sideways, making the arrow miss my heart, but it still hits me in the shoulder. The blow stings, but I'm used to pain. Still, I pull it out and examine the wound. Luckily, the arrow didn't penetrate very deep. With a little of the medicine Cato and I have gathered from sponsors, it should heal in a couple of days. Hopefully, we'll have even won the Games by then. Katniss scrambles to get the small orange backpack on her arm. Her bow is already ready with another arrow when she turns, but I throw before she can fire another shot. The knife skims past her forehead when she ducks down, leaving a thin red line of blood that drips down her face and into her mouth and eyes. Katniss fires anyway, but this time the arrow misses by a mile. I run towards her, slamming into Katniss's shoulder and pushing her backwards. She tumbles helplessly to the ground, still trying to wipe the blood from her eyes. It's embarrassingly easy for me to tackle and pin her to the ground even though I'm almost half her size. She screams, though I don't know what for. Who would help her? The girl with the red hair from District Five? Cato? Her dead lover? The thought sends another splinter of rage racing up my spine. Oh yes, the star-crossed lovers of District Twelve. It seems fitting that Cato should kill Peeta and I Katniss—after all, I'm the only real star-crossed lover here. They were so transparent . It was bad enough that they claimed they were in love with one another, but then everyone seemed to believe it. It was the only reason they got sponsors, probably the only reason they've even gotten this far. I've been in love with Cato since I was twelve, and I didn't even get to let him know before I was forced into this death arena. But I'm not going down without a fight. Cato and I—we're going to win the Hunger Games as the first two victors ever. "Where's your boyfriend, District Twelve?" I ask, teasing her. I want this to last. I want her to feel my pain. "Still hanging on?" She makes a sound that's somewhere between a grunt of pain and a snarl. Her dark eyes are bright and as alert as ever, but I can see the thread of fear in them. Katniss knows she's outmatched. I've been playing with knives since I was three, and I haven't cut myself since I was four. My parents, who are victors themselves, practically raised me to win these games. They were so proud when my name was reaped. My mother even began to cry, weeping tears of joy. My brother had already won the Games a few years back, and now we could be a whole family of victors. "He's out there now. Hunting Cato," Katniss hisses, narrowing her eyes into slits. A small smile plays in her lips. She's lying—I'm sure of it—but then she yells, "Peeta!" Her act is so convincing, so seemingly real, that I have to look around and check to make sure she's not actually telling the truth. My eyes scan the trees, searching every small gap and the branches just like I was taught to. Even after I check, I half-expect Peeta to come limping-out from under the canopy of trees, waving the axe that that stupid District Three boy lost a few days ago. When he doesn't come, I turn back, smirking, and slam my fist into her throat. It shuts her up. The simper that was there moments before has vanished from her face. That must have been her only trick, her only attempt at living longer. Now she's as good as dead. "Liar. He's nearly dead. Cato knows where he cut him." I saw Cato do it too; he just lunged and swiped the knife through the air, as if it was just a deadly extension of his arms. I know how he feels. Weapons are natural in our hands. "You've probably got him strapped up in some tree while you try to keep his heart going. What's in the pretty little backpack?" I lift one hand to gesture at the small orange backpack Katniss was holding moments before. It lies, abandoned, on the ground. "The medicine for Lover Boy? Too bad he'll never get it." I expect Katniss to roar with anger at this remark, but she just lies there, panting and bleeding out onto the grass. I'm almost disappointed she's not putting up much of a fight. Katniss is two years older than me, and with that pretty eleven the Gamemakers gave her, I thought she would be something. It's such a let-down that she's proving to be just like the others I've killed. Maybe… I open my jacket and select one of the knives I've been carrying. It has a curved blade, and it's more delicate than a throwing knife. I haven't had an excuse to use it yet. Maybe if I give Katniss some pain before her death, she'll at least struggle a little. For her poor baby sister back at home, who's probably watching as we speak. Or better yet—maybe Peeta will stumble out here in a failing attempt to save her when he hears her screams. "I promised Cato if he let me have you, I'd give the audience a good show." It was a struggle convincing Cato to let me kill Katniss. He doesn't like to be shown up, and he's gotten into multiple fights for it. Katniss has embarrassed him multiple times already in the Games. He wanted to be the one to kill her so bad. But this is personal to me now. Katniss is squirming beneath me, trying desperately to push me off. I'm small and light—only one hundred pounds—but I know where to place my weight to make myself heavy. There's no way Katniss can move me. Besides, my grip on her would be impossible to break. "Forget it, District Twelve. We're going to kill you." A new thought comes to my mind, a way to make her burn mentally instead of physically. A smile tugs at my lips. "Just like we did your pathetic little ally… what was her name? Rue? Well, first Rue, then you, and then I think we'll just let nature take care of Lover Boy. How does that sound?" I demand. "Now, where to start?" I wipe away the blood from the cut I gave her on her face. It's sad to think that I've missed my intended target three times with little Katniss. Once, when she was initially running away from the Cornucopia; it hit her ridiculous orange backpack instead. And twice today. I almost never miss, but somehow Katniss is quick-thinking and agile enough to escape my blows. Teasingly, I tilt her face from side to side, as if I'm one of those silly beauticians back home trying to decide how best to paint my victim's face. Only instead of a makeup wand, I will be using a knife. It's silly, I know, but the terror in Katniss's face is worth it. I want her to know who is in power. I want her last moments to involve her groveling at my feet. Strong, noble Katniss who volunteered as tribute instead of sending her twelve-year-old sister in. The Gamemakers' favorite who they gave an eleven. Katniss, just like a little girl with her pretty flaming dresses, beautiful with the amount of makeup her stylists slathered onto her face. I narrow my eyes, remembering. Well she's not so pretty now. She tries to bite my hand, snapping her teeth at me viciously. Startled, I flinch, then yank her hair—and her head—easily back to the ground. "I think… I think I'll start with your mouth." I trace the outline of her lips with her knife. Katniss is wide-eyed, but she's not flinching away. Perhaps she is something, after all. "Yes, I don't think you'll have much use for your lips anymore. Want to blow Loverboy one last kiss? She spits at me what seems to be a mixture of blood and saliva, and I almost want to laugh. Is that her one last show of defiance? At least it's something and not nothing. But I can't let her know any of this. Instead, I glare at her. "All right then. Let's get started." I'm about to begin cutting when something—or more accurately, somebody —yanks me off her. For a moment, I'm weightless. The feeling is exhilarating, but then I feel the terror that quickly follows. There's only one person who's this strong in the arena. The boy from District Eleven, the one that Cato and I have been attempting—and failing—to kill. District Eleven holds me at arm's length, and though I struggle, there's no escaping his hold. He's at least a foot taller than me, and over one hundred pounds heavier. Suddenly, I'm the prey and he's the predator. He throws me to the ground, easily tossing me around like I weigh nothing more than a cat. He starts shouting at me. "What'd you do to that little girl? You kill her?" Did he over hear me taunting Katniss about Rue? Is that why he's here? Besides their dark skin and dark features, the two from District Eleven didn't look much like alike, but maybe they knew each other back home. I feel light-headed all of a sudden. Now he's angry, and he's going to kill me. I scramble backwards, still on the ground, desperately hoping that something will divide District Eleven's attention. If only I can redirect him to Katniss… then I can get away. I can still win and go home with Cato. "No! No, it wasn't me!" "You said her name. I heard you. You kill her? You cut her up like you were going to cut up this girl here?" District Eleven's voice has steadily risen from his shout to a lion's roar. I have to explain—I need to explain—but there's no time. If I don't speak fast, he's going to kill me. I'm not sadistic, not really. I would never kill anyone but Katniss like this. The other tributes were dead the moment I threw a knife into their back. It's Cato who really likes the kill; he like the rush he gets when he kills them. "No! No I—" And then I see what District Eleven is holding in his hand: a medium-sized rock. It's not much, but combined with his strength, it will be