My head is going to explode. Death surely wouldn't force me to endure much more… I hope. I'm clinging to the edge of my seat, legs pushed up to my chest, rocking back and forth to the unsteady rhythm of the hovercraft. Someone is screaming a terrible scream that pierces the very center of my soul, severing with serrated edges. My hands are clapped hard over my ears, nails digging into my flesh. I'm desperate to feel some physical reassurance that I'm alive; that I'm not dead at the moment. Perhaps in a few moments I will be dead. It sounds like people are being tortured. I can't imagine how. Where am I going? Where are they taking me? So many wretched experiences fill my mind. I will probably be next. I don't have the strength to prepare myself mentally. The dread dawns on me as the screaming continues, building with strength and vigor by the second. It feels like my heart is being torn in two… not just torn, but ripped; shredded into a million malicious pieces. The sound is pounding against my skull, making the edges of my vision burn with red. The screaming comes in waves and tides, washing against my head in sickening repetition. Each receding waves feels like the last until another hits with even greater intensity. It's rather hard to breathe. I'm gasping, trying desperately to force the stubborn air down my throat. I feel myself screaming in frustration… not that I can hear it over all of the other screams. My nails contract over my ears. I can distantly feel the tiny hairs of my scalp being pulled out. Faceless people in dirty uniforms are walking around me. They don't look like they are from the Capitol, but there is no way of being sure. A man with dark brown hair and large grey eyes bends down to my level. He's badly bleeding on one shoulder, his hand pressed over the wound, and he winces. His mouth moves, forming a question that I can't hear, and he extends a container of water to me. I scream in response. There are shadows swiftly passing over the water, floating behind the man, easing up and down the sides of the hovercraft. One passes over the man's face so close to me that I react instinctively, jerking my head back, and accidentally slamming it into the window behind me. The painful sensation startles me back into reality with disorienting speed. "Easy," he says. "Drink this." He holds out the container. I shake my head, terrified of what lays inside, though my throat is scratched out raw from all the screaming. Speculations of poison, drugs, and painful minerals bloom in my mind. Surely it is something that will force me into a painful oblivion so horrible that I will never get back out. "It's just water," he says gently. He even takes a sip himself. Then he holds it up to my lips. My thirst gets the better of me and I gulp it so quickly that I almost choke. "Slow down," he suggests. I put out my hands to take the container, but they tremble so violently, half the water spills onto my lap. I gasp as the liquid slides down my legs. The man patiently holds another container to my lips from which I drink greedily. When I'm done, he asks, "Annie Cresta?" It's been so long since anyone has said my name. "Annie, we're rescuing you." "Res… rescue." The word burns in my throat. It sounds so foreign. The whole sensation of riding in the hovercraft doesn't seem very plausible. Everyone's voices are distant, as if they're being whispered through a broken speaker at me. People's faces keep blurring, sharpening to fine detail… and then fading to a murky mesh of colors. I've been in the dark so long. I don't even feel alive. Nothing feels human anymore. "Yes, you're safe now." The words are just a dull murmur. I can't comprehend their real meaning. Safe? When has anyone ever been safe? The man continues talking. I try very hard to listen. "…concentrate on what I'm saying? …District 12… name is Gale…" My head swims. "…stationed at District 13. Turns out, they're… have planned out a mission to retrieve… worry about the Capitol…" The sentences can't fit together in my mind. I shake my head in hopelessness. "…back on hovercraft… is there with the over citizens of… Finnick will be waiting for you." Something clicks inside my broken brain. Some key fits into a hole correctly. The scene in front of me suddenly focuses. I can see the face of the man—I think his name is Gale—in detail. His words don't seem to blur together so much anymore. I can even hear the low thrum of the hovercraft's engine. "Finnick?" I interrupt. My voice sounds like metal being ground to bits. "Of course. We rescued him before you." I shake my head, letting it fall haplessly into my hands. "What do you mean, no?" I feel like someone has dropped a lead weight on my chest. There's a familiar lump in my throat that spills acid into my lungs. My mouth feels too dry, though tears are running from my eyes. Liar, liar, pants on fire! Dash whoops. We both know Finnick's de-ad. Dash makes the last word into two syllables. "Ahh," I choke. "What?" That's right, Annie, Dash continues in my head. Better not trust this guy. He seems shady! Don't you remember what they said? About how he died? I shake my head again and a tiny "please" escapes my lips. I will myself to push away the unbearable thoughts. Of course, Dash will do no such thing. They drowned him, didn't they? Didn't know it was possible to drown someone from District 4, but I guess when an iron bar is forcing your neck underwater, you don't have much of a choice, do you? I tremble from the thought, trying not to convulse with sobs in my seat. What is the man sitting in front of me doing? Doesn't he know the truth? He must. Why is he torturing me? And then they cut him up. They cut his pretty body up and the water turned red. Yuck. Have you ever seen red salt water? "Finn…" I whisper, nearly inaudible. And to think, Annie, he went through all of that just for you. You know that, right? A sob erupts from my chest, clawing its way out of my throat. Dash continues, crooning, He wanted to protect you, didn't he? From the Capitol? Didn't want to tell them any secrets about the rebels that might come back and hurt you? How sweet. If not for you, Finnick might still be alive. Too bad they got you in the end, huh? A strangled sound erupts from my throat. "Finnick is alive," Gale says slowly. No, he's not! Dash trills loudly, his voice making my temple throb. Liar, liar, pants on fire! I want the words to go away, but they don't. Finnick's name spoken aloud has brought me back to my senses, only to pummel me with despair. "They… killed him," I say, squeezing my eyes shut. "No they didn't, Annie. They lied to you." Annie, Annie, Annie. Do you actually believe this guy? You got to be kidding me. I knew you were naïve, but I didn't think you'd ever actually stoop to believe such a dumb lie. You know that dear Finnick is dead. Dead, dead, dead! He's dead! Gone! "No, no, NO! STOP IT!" I scream at both of them. I scream and scream. I can't take it anymore. The sense of hope is so much worse than the sense of pain. It doesn't shred my heart; it devours it. "Calm down, Annie," Gale says. A shadow passes over his face. Like the one in the cell. A grinning guard chuckles. The whites of his eyes turn pitch black. "Ahhh!" I recoil from him, slamming my head into the window. Once. Twice. The slamming sound drowns out Dash's next words. Oh, look at you. Such a rebel. What are you trying to do? Knock out a few more useless brain cells? Slam, slam. Another man comes over with an expensive looking array of medical supplies. His fingers meticulously poke a needle into my arm before I can jerk away. A dulling sensation crawls through my veins making my muscles go weak. I don't fight it. Perhaps they have finally decided to kill me. I couldn't be happier. This is a much easier death than I had expected. Turns out they were just torturing my mind before they killed me; trying to pretend they were my friends, that everything was alright, that Finnick was alive… Dash is silent, finally. Perhaps the drugs killed him first. Yes, this was a much easier death than I had bargained for. I think of Finnick and how soon I will get to see him… his beautiful face and heart-stopping eyes. Soon… the barrier of life will be broken and I will get to see him… Soon. When I come to, it is only too quickly before I realize that I am not, in fact, dead. I'm lying on soft carpet, a clean sheet draped over me. The last one had gotten wet when I spilled water on it. I'm still cold. I can hear the unintelligible murmur of voices mixed in with the quiet hum of the hovercraft. I open my eyes and discover that I am stationed at the rear end of the hovercraft, surrounded by a few other bustling people. There are a few stretchers and the lumps on top must be people. I guess I'm lucky not to be on one of those. I try to recount escaping the Capitol, but everything seems like a blur. There were lots of explosions. I covered my ears. I remember a light as the door to my cell crumbled. More explosions. Screams, too. I crouch on the floor. I remember being carried on a tall person's back through a blurry scene, nearly suffocating from the smoky fumes. I was coughing. I hear the usual ding that signifies the hovercraft landing. Immediately, the energy in the small space becomes tangible. Everyone is moving about, shouting, surrounding the stretchers. The babble of voices rises to a yell. People start pushing the stretchers towards the front doors of the hovercraft, though we haven't even landed yet. They must be eager to get the passengers off. I watch, bleary-eyed, from the floor, craning my head to see all the action. The doctor that gave me the sedative leans down to my level and asks how I'm feeling. I don't like him. His shot didn't live up to my expectations of death. I frown, not meeting his eyes, and turn my head toward the doors. I sit up, even though the motion makes me dizzy. I want to run away from his as fast as I can. "Annie, do you need a stretcher? Or are you able to walk down by yourself?" That catches my attention. "No stretcher," I quickly say. "Alright, let me help you up. We need to get inside District 13 in case the Capitol decides to try and make a visit." A shadow, thin and flat and black, whooshes through the doctor's neck. My stomach twists. I feel like I might throw up. I stare at his neck. No blood. The shadow's gone. "…There's also food and water inside. We'll have to get you cleaned up, though your case is not nearly as severe as the others'…" Food sounds appealing. It's been a rarity in my life. Besides, I can't really just sit in the hovercraft all day. I take the doctor's hand and he pulls me to my feet. Upon realizing that I'm naked, I wrap the sheet a little tighter around me. I don't know where I'm going, but I have enough decency