My first ever fic. Yippee! It only took me forever to get off my ass and get this done. Make sure to review and all that good stuff. I apologize for grammatical mistakes etc. You guys know the drill. Without further ado: Hello, my name is Perseus Jackson, but my friends just call me Percy. I am what you call a demigod, half mortal and half immortal. Most would say that being immortal is a blessing, although, I would have to beg to differ. Living longer than your family and friends, constantly grieving over your losses is not that much fun. Anyway, here I am sitting next to the most powerful beings in any existence, wondering where it was that I went wrong. How did I end up on a planet light years away from earth? Why am I sitting here on a couch, watching my family and friends fight for their lives, when I could be helping them? That is a question that even I don't yet have the answer too. Although, I am pretty sure that I'll know soon enough… Somewhere Unknown "It is time mother" a raspy voice reached out into the darkness of the pit. "The boy is still unsuspecting of our spy". "Good, you know your orders. Carry them out quickly, accurately and successfully. I want no evidence of our involvement" The new voice was a little higher pitched, but just as cold and steely as the latter. "As you wish mother". The first voice responded, the sound of the owners fleeting footsteps echoing throughout the pit. "Soon young hero, you will meet your painful demise. MHUAHAHAHAHA!"(Sorry, couldn't resist the evil laugh). 24 Hours Later (Percy POV) Hack, slash, dodge, staband repeat. This is what was running through my mind at the moment. My opponent made a half-hearted attempt to slash at my face with her celestial bronze dagger. I made to deflect it, but, was too late when she suddenly switched directions and bashed the hilt of her knife against my wrist, effectively disarming riptide from my hand. I tried to jump back and create some space only to find the familiar feeling of cold steel (Or is it celestial bronze?) against my neck. "Yield" Piper stated firmly. I could've sworn I heard charm speak in her voice, but it didn't matter. No matter what I did, I was beaten. "Looks like you win again Pipes" I sighed. "Of course I did, would you expect anything different from the almighty Piper McLean!? Just kidding I don't have that much of an ego, unlike a certain daughter of Ares". "Hehe, best 3 out 5? Loser has to do the winners chores for a week!" As she slowly, removed her knife from my neck I reached for riptide, ready for yet another rematch. "Deal, I could use some down time anyway". Ten minutes later, there I was with riptide in the sand and a dagger at my throat. She was seriously getting better at fighting. Either that or I was getting worse. "I win again" "Gods dammit Piper, I was looking forward to having a week with no duties". Piper simply stuck her tongue out at me. Gods she was cute when she did that. "Come by my cabin after dinner to pick up my, sorry, your new cleaning schedule". "Uuugh, Hades have mercy on my poor and tortured soul" I moaned. Little did I know, I would mean that later on today. Piper giggled before replying. "Hey, the chores were your idea. I simply beat you in a fight" she replied. Although, I wasn't paying attention because all I could do was stare at Piper seeing that she was so stunningly beautiful. She had silky smooth, light brown hair that cascaded down slightly past her shoulders, perfectly tanned skin that came from her Cherokee decent, and an almost hourglass like figure. She also had long shapely legs that proved she was an athlete. Piper was more on the petite side, with almost zero percent negative body fat. If I had to describe Piper in two words, it would probably be smoking hot. Although, I would never tell her that, otherwise I wouldn't hear the end of it. "Hey, Olympus to seaweed brain. You there Percy?" "Wah, what? Oh yeah, I just got a little distracted is all, sorry". "I can see that. There may be more kelp in your head than I thought physically possible. Well if you're done zoning out, I need to go take a shower. See ya later Percy". I watched Piper's retreating form as she walked off to the showers, disappearing from my view. Finally, I stood up, stretched my back, turned and headed towards the bleachers where my training bag was lying in wait. Although, I never quite got there, when I felt something blunt make contact with my head. My vision turned blurry, the last thing I saw before losing consciousness being a pair of winged sneakers and a blinding flash of light, and then everything went black. Third Person POV "Well that was easier than I expected. I would've thought that the almighty savior of Olympus was tougher than that" stated the mysterious figure. "Don't get too full of yourself son of Hermes. You only snuck up on him, any fool with half a brain could do what you just did". The son of Hermes flinched upon hearing the gruff voice, obviously not expecting anyone to be there. After passing the initial shock, the boy stiffened and bowed to the immense figure towering above him. At first glance, he would have passed for a Cyclops, but upon looking closer, you'd realize that the figure was actually humanoid in shape and features. With not one, but two blank eyes, a giant head covered in greasy and unruly grey hair. Under the head came a thick bull like neck followed by a tall yet stocky build of a midsection. Giant heavy arms connected to a pair of meaty hands the size of three bowling balls combined. Once past the torso (and the very revealing loincloth) you couldn't help, but notice the thick scaly legs that looked powerful enough to make most cars seem like motor-powered soccer balls. The massive being that accompanied the presence of our unconscious hero and the son of Hermes was none other than the Titan Atlas. "Nevertheless, you've succeeded in your mission. Congratulations Travis Stoll, you have done well". Hearing this statement nearly caused the boy to fall back in surprise. He never expected such praise from anyone other than his brother, especially not from a Titan Lord. "Th-thank you sir" he replied, eyes still wide and jaw still hanging. "You might want to shut your mouth; otherwise I'll shut it for you". This snapped Travis out of his stupor immediately. "What is our next move sir? With Percy Jackson currently out of the picture, the camp will be distracted as they send out search parties for the boy. I suggest that as soon as my brother reports the camps defenses, we send out two parties, one to draw the campers out past the borders and the other to flank around the unprotected demigods, attacking them from the rear". "Well, well, well. Who would've thought that a son of Hermes could devise such a worthy strategy? Your father would be proud were you not plotting against him". Said son of Hermes spun around on his heels, coming face to face with the person he kidnapped no more than ten minutes ago. "Hello Percy, sorry about the whole knocking you out and kidnapping you thing, it's nothing personal to be honest". "You plan on killing everyone in Camp Half-Blood, my friends and family. That makes it personal!"As he said this, Anaklusmos was freed from its pen form and aimed at the throat of Travis Stoll. "Give me one good reason as to why I shouldn't kill you right now!" "Is the Titan that you failed to notice sneaking up behind a good enough reason" Travis replied with a smirk. Sure enough, as soon as the words left Travis' lips, Percy's sword was ripped from his grasp and thrown across the room. Percy was now facing a Titan along with a conniving Son of Hermes weaponless. To say he was screwed would probably be the understatement of the century; then again he's survived through worst, right? Right? "Mother did have plans to keep you alive, but I'm getting kind of hungry. I could definitely go for a powerful son of Poseidon right about now". Percy didn't know whether to feel flattered or afraid after that comment, but his confusion didn't last long when Travis suddenly lunged forward with a knife in his hand. Where it came from was a mystery, but there were more pressing matters to worry about, as in said knife flying towards his face at an alarming rate. At the last second, Percy ducked the blade only to be met by the force of three trains colliding with his stomach, sending Percy barreling back into the marble wall thirty feet away. Upon impact, multiple cracks sounded from what appeared to be Percy's ribcage. Percy shook the cloudiness from his head and looked up to catch a glance of the meaty fist that connected with his jaw, causing said demigod to immediately go unconscious for the second time in twenty minutes. Travis merely watched as Atlas approached Percy, licking his lips in anticipation. The Titan lifted the boy effortlessly up to his face, baring his teeth. Although, at the last second, a flash of light one million times brighter than Hyperion's energy blast (Travis new from experience what Hyperion's energy blast looked like) engulfed the unconscious demigod and temporarily blinded both parties in the room. When the light faded, the only evidence of anything having ever been standing there was the lonely loincloth powdered in golden dust sprawled on the floor. Travis was completely frozen in shock as he stared at where his master and newly renowned friend had been just seconds ago. Piper POV After my training session with Percy, I headed off to the showers to freshen up before dinner. As soon as I finished drying my hair, I heard a conch shell echo throughout the camp. "Just in time" I said to no one in particular. I exited the showers, and walked over to the dining pavilion. Upon entry, I saw all of my friends and cabin mates chatting and laughing with each other, all except one. I glanced over at the Poseidon table and saw it empty. I quickly scanned the room hoping to see him somewhere, but to no avail. "He probably fell asleep again, the kelp brain". I sat down at the Aphrodite table and was immediately barraged by 'hello's and 'how are you's. Of all the people in the Aphrodite cabin, Drew was probably my favorite. She was a kind and sweet girl who didn't act slutty like the rest of the cabin, with the exception of me of course. "Hey Drew, what's going on?" "Eh, not much. Just the usual dealing with guys who drool when they see us." "I know right, who would've known that getting so much attention would've been so annoying? Seriously, if one more guy pisses himself while trying to ask me out I'm going to swear off men and join the hunters." "Haha, I know how you feel sis, I know how you feel. Although, is that the only reason you turn them down?" She asked whilst winking suggestively. I immediately started to blush and barely managed to squeak out a maybe. "Haha, I've never seen you so flustered over some guy." "He's not just some guy" I nearly yelled back. "Okay okay, no need to get so defensive, jeez." "I'm sorry, it's just that I really like him. Like really, really like him. He's so just modest and brave, and handsome. And his eyes…Oh my gods they're the most gorgeous eyes I've