Hi all, this is a quick authors note. To all those who have been reading my story, I have had to go through my starting chapters and edit them a bit. They will be a little different but not drastically since other wise the story won't make sense. I apologize if anyone has a problem with that, it's just that my earlier chapters wer similar to another story on the site. That was unintentional of me, but I feel bad about it because I didn't mean to do that. Anyway for those of you who haven't read it, then you won't have to worry about it. Ok so this story is going to be my version of the Hunger Games, I love the original but I would have liked more Katniss and Peeta I guess. I don't really like how Gale is always trying to take Katniss off Peeta either, so in this story Gale will be with Madge, and for the love triangle bit Cato will be the one who wants Katniss as well as Peeta. Enjoy the story, I apologize agian. Happy Hunger Games and may the odds be ever in your favour - Effie Trinket. CHAPTER ONE My arm felt across my bed to discover it was empty. Prim must have gotten out after a nightmare. She was having a lot of those lately, nightmares. And I really couldn't blame her. It was the day of the reaping after all. The day where two kids aged 12-18 would be drawn from a cup to become a tribute in the annual hunger games. I shudder at the mere thought of the hunger games. It really was cruel. It was an evil game created by the Capital. It was created because of the rebellion held by the people of Panem. Eventually the capital gained control again. We were each separated into 13 districts. Well 12 now since number 13 was blown to smithereens. Anyway two tributes a boy and a girl were chosen from each of the 12 districts to compete. The hunger games are basically a game of killing and survival. In order to leave the hunger games every tribute must die until there is only one remaining. It sucks because usually you have to kill another just to survive. I think the Capital does it just to prove that they control us, but I can't do anything about it, so yeah technically they do control us. Anyway it was time to get moving. I roll myself out of bed and quickly change into my hunting clothes. Black jeans and my father's brown, leather jacket. I also had my black, leather boots that were ridiculously comfortable and secure. These were all items I treasured at they had been a gift from my father and my father was dead. He was killed when I was 10, in a mining accident. He was blown up and none of his remains were found. It was a really hard time for my family. Once we found out my father was dead I basically ended up with no parents. My Mother became lifeless. She didn't speak, eat, drink or talk. I was the one no had to take on the role of being the mum. I had to care for my little sister Prim and mum even though I couldn't care less about her now. Not after what she did to Prim and I. Anyways I'm the one who protects my family now. I provide food for us, and money. Which is what I'm going to do now. Just as I'm leaving a soft voice breaks the silence, "Katniss?" It's Prim. I sigh and walk over to her where she lay with mum. Her blonde hair was everywhere and her blue eyes had bags under them due to her lack of sleep. "Yes little duck?" I ask, I've always called her little duck. I don't really know why but that's her name for me. "Can you sing to me? Please? To make the nightmares go away?" She asks softly. I haven't sung since my father died, I just couldn't. Singing had been something my father and I would do together, no one else. I really didn't want to sing, but I couldn't say no to Prim. "What would you like me to sing sweetie?" I ask politely. Prim is one of the only people I care about, so I actually make the effort to be kind and sweet to her. "The song you always used to sing for me." She mutters through her yawn. I smile softly at this, that song was one that my dad had taught me. Many people knew it, but to me it was special. It was the Valley Song. I began to sing to her quietly, I didn't want to wake up mum. Deep in the meadow, under the willow A bed of grass, a soft green pillow Lay down your head, and close your sleepy eyes And when again they open, the sun will rise. Here it's safe, here it's warm Here the daisies guard you from every harm Here your dreams are sweet and tomorrow brings them true Here is the place where I love you. Deep in the meadow, hidden far away A cloak of leaves, a moonbeam ray Forget your woes and let your troubles lay And when again it's morning, they'll wash away. Here it's safe, here it's warm Here the daisies guard you from every harm Here your dreams are sweet and tomorrow brings them true Here is the place where I love you. Prims eyes flutter close and I smile again to see her face turn back to its peaceful self. I kiss her lightly on the forehead before I silently leave the house. I make my way through our district. No one was about today. It didn't surprise me, everyone usually stayed in their homes on the day of the reaping. Families liked to be together one last time just in case they were torn apart. I finally made my way to my part of the high, wired fence that blocks our district from the Forrest. But it didn't ever stop me from going over. It was supposedly electric all the time, but it rarely was. I still had to make sure though. I listened for a good five minutes to make sure I couldn't hear the slight hum of the active fence. There was just silence. I approved that it was safe and quickly edged my way through the whole that I used to get under the fence. It was only small but I managed to fit. I was under before I even knew it. I stood up immediately and made a steady jog to where I hid my bow and a stash of arrows. I then made my way into my beloved Forrest. I still had plenty of time to make some kills before I had to meet Peeta and then Gale. I let the hunter in me take over. I used my senses my father had taught me. In no time at all I had shot down 3 squirrels and 2 rabbits with my trusty arrow. Satisfied, I made my way back to the district. Once there I made my way to the bakery, which was where Peeta lived. My stomach made a few flips flops at the thought of Peeta. I had to make sure his mother wasn't around and when I was positive that the coast was clear I entered through the back of the shop. As usual Peeta was standing there with a friendly smile. Oh I loved his smile; it was so cute and genuine. It wasn't fake he smiled simply because he was happy. I always wished that I could be happy without having to try. I envied him so much sometimes. Standing next to him was his father, something I was not expecting. I started trading with Peeta because his mother had found out and had gotten extremely annrgy. Now Mr Mellark always distracts her whilst we trade. Not this morning though... "What have you got for us today Katniss?" Peeta asks politely. This is the only time Peeta and I actually talk, when we make our business. "I have 3 squirrels and 2 rabbits." I say as I place them onto the table. I had removed the arrows because I still needed them. Peeta stares at them for a little, then glances back to me. "That's a lot more than usual." he comments. I shrug, "Guess I had a good morning." I say simply. "Still hitting them in the eye I see Katniss. Your father would be so proud of you. Your ability amazes me most of the time." Mr Mellark states. Mr Mellark was a kind man. Peeta was very much like him, just a younger version. They were both kind hearted, they both recieved abuse from Mrs Mellark, and they both were kind to the people from the seam. They also looked the same. They both had those big blue eyes that you can never get out of your head, they both have blonde shaggy hair, Peeta's is just thicker. The only difference really is that Mr Mellark's face is more aged than Peeta's and he doesn't have as big a build as Peeta. "Thank-you Mr Mellark." I say and nod politely. "Well here you go Katniss." Peeta says as he passes me the brown bag that he always puts our trade in. I take it and it immediately feels a lot heavier. I raise my eye-brows and look in the bag. I gasp in shock. Instead of just the one loaf of bread, he's given me two. Plus a couple of cheesecakes and even a couple off frosted cookies. "Peeta, this is way too much." I say. "Well you have given me more than usual." He replies. "But this isn't worth all of that!" I say ghastly. He shrugs, "You know Katniss sometimes people actually do acts of kindness without expecting anything in return." he actually sounds a little annoyed. Strange for him. "Katniss honey, just take it. Share it with your family, you guys deserve a treat too." My Mellark says to break the slight tension that has begun to form. Of course he would say that. Yes Prim deserved it, but sure as hell my mother and me did not. The thing was that I really couldn't accept all of this. Peeta saved me once long ago and now I owe him my life. One night when I was 11, I was out trying to sell old clothes, but nobody had wanted them. I was starving, Prim was starving. And I knew if I didn't come home with food tonight, then we would die. I was walking around the back of all the properties and stores. There were rubbish bins there, so I ran over to them believing that they may hold any unwanted food. I went to the bakeries first. Nothing was in the bin. That's when Mrs Mellark (Peeta's mum) came running out with a broom. She shooed me away and started yelling about me being dirty and a scab or something. Peeta saw the whole thing. He had a look of pity on his face. I ignored it though. I slumped down to the ground, resting against the nearest tree. I knew I had failed; my family was going to die. That's when I heard screaming from the Bakery. I glanced up. Peeta was standing at the doorway with his mother. In his hands were two slightly burned loaves of bread. She yelled at him for being so stupid and to go throw it out at once. Then she slapped him right in the face, I flinched. But he didn't. He didn't even move or try to stop her. He just took the blow. She left him then. Peeta waited a few more seconds then he ran out into the rain, right