Chapter 1: Bye bye Cullens hello misery Jacob I watched my beautiful angel, asleep in my arms and held her even tighter. She is too young to understand how close we really were, and I was afraid that she never would because this may be the last time I would ever be able to hold her. I always knew this day would come, when I would have to let my beautiful Nessie go. I just didn't expect it to come so quickly, happen so fast. I was lucky enough that Bella and Edward agreed to stay in Forks for three years they didn't want this any more than I did, but for the sake of Charlie we knew they had to go. Nessie didn't see her grandfather as much as she did when she was four months old, or more like one. Bella and Edward lied to Charlie, saying Nessie had a growing disorder, but who were we kidding? Charlie knew something was up, he already knew too much as it was, and it was my fault. Being the idiot that I was, I told Charlie about me being a werewolf. I couldn't let my soul mate and best friend walk out of my life so I did it to keep them here. This time I knew there was nothing I could do about them leaving me. I remembered the conversation I had with Bella, the last one we'd have in a while. 3 hours earlier "When will you be back?" I had asked her. She shook her head and sighed, "I don't know, Jacob. I'm sorry, I don't want to keep you apart from Renesme, and trust me I know how it feels to be apart from the person you love the most." I knew she was talking about three years ago, when she was still human and Edward had left her to protect her. She was a complete wreck without him and she was more miserable and depressed than she had ever been in her life. She continued, "I'm so sorry I have to do this to you. But I have no other choice, Charlie came by yesterday and when he saw Renesme, he demanded that she go see a doctor immediately. When I tried to reason with him, he started yelling at Carli that it was his fault that he was a doctor and he wasn't doing anything about Renesme, and you know how sensitive Carli is. He completely lost his temper and they stood there yelling at each other for what seemed like forever..." "Carli lost his temper?" Out of all the Cullen vampires, he was the most patient and calm one that I knew. He was very welcoming to strangers I remembered when he was very hospitable to me, Leah, and Seth when we ran away from Sam's pack three years ago. Even around our enemies, the Volturi, he was very calm and showed no signs of weakness, and he never lost his temper in the five years I had known him. Bella nodded sadly and murmured, "Edward told me in the a hundred and fourteen years he'd known Carli this was the one time he completely flew off the handle. Charlie, now I've seen him angry before. But this... this was worse than I've ever seen him. Do remember when he almost put me under house arrest when he found out I was riding motorcycles with you?" She chuckled as she laughed quietly, "How I was somehow able to survive my human life is beyond me. I was probably the most reckless and stupid human girl that ever lived, wasn't I Jake?" I chuckled as I remembered three years back, when Bella was still human and we were riding together, way before Nessie and back when things were normal... somewhat. Her chocolate brown eyes were wide, and her face was like a child's going on a rollercoaster for the first time. Nessie had Bella's human eyes, and every time I looked into them I was just reminded that although vampire's eyes were a lovely golden color, something as ordinary as simple brown human eyes could be more beautiful than any inhuman wonders. Then, I thought back to when Edward returned to Forks and I became such a jealous monster, I ran over to Charlie's and told him about the motorcycles how he screamed at Bella like he had never screamed in his life. "I can't argue with that, Bells, for a human, you were a handful, protecting you was as hard as watching over La Push," I teased her. "Oh shut up!" Bella rolled her eyes and gave my arm a playful whack. Then becoming serious again, "Jake, Charlie was ten times more furious than when he found out about that. It got so bad Renesme woke up and screamed at Charlie to leave Carli alone..." "Why didn't you call me yesterday? I could've come over..." "Jake, I didn't want you to be involved in that crap. After Charlie left, Carli was in tears, and I didn't think it was a good time, it took a long time to calm him down and we needed some family time. Sorry, I should've called earlier, but I just didn't know how to tell you we were leaving..." A tear rolled down Bella's check and she brushed it off swiftly, I could tell she was trying to hold it together and be strong. I walked over to her and wrapped my arms around her and she laid her head on my shoulder and sighed. She closed her eyes as more tears streamed down her face, "Yesterday was probably the worst day of my vampire life. Charlie called Renesme a freak I lost it and screamed at him like I never had. I... I... yelled at him and told him, how dare he insult my daughter like that and he yelled that I adopted her and she wasn't even related to me. Jake, I was so... so stupid! I yelled at him that couldn't he see the resemblance and of course I didn't adopt her. He started crying and saying how reckless and stupid I was to do it at eighteen and I screamed at him to get out of the house and never come near my family. Oh Jake... it's the last time I'm ever going to see him. In my life, I will never be able to see him again... and those were my last words!" She was sobbing against my chest and getting my shirt wet, and I held her closer. "Bella," I said softly trying to reason with her, although she was extremely unreasonable and the last time I tried to do that ended in her almost die giving birth to Nessie, "Those didn't have to be your last words to him. Stay for one more year, it's not like you'll have to see him every day. He's going to spending most of his time in La Push, anyways because his office is being moved there, since there is more crime there than in Forks. When you do have to see him, it'll be family dinner at Sue's and everyone will be there, I doubt he'd make a scene in front of everyone. You don't even have to bring Nessie with you all the time." She pulled away from me and threw her hands up with exasperation, "Look at me! I am an eighteen year old in the body of a twenty three year old, I can't do this anymore! Charlie knows something is up, he already knows more than he should, you know that. Again, I'm sorry for not telling you this earlier but he actually has been starting to think Edward and I have the same growing disorder as Renesme. He's been trying to call different doctors for us to go see, since we refuse to..." "What? Why didn't you tell me this?" I asked, shocked. No wonder they were in such a rush to leave, but I really would've appreciated it if I had some kind of warning. "Again, I'm so sorry I didn't tell you earlier, I know, I know I should've..." "How long has this been going on?" I asked her, I hated it when I was the last to find out about things, especially something like this that I should've been told about as soon as it started happening. "A month," Bella sighed. "A month? You waited a month to tell me this!" This was so pushing it! It had been going on for a month and no one bothered to say anything to me? She looked down shamefully and protested, "I wanted to tell you about it, as soon as it started, Jake. Well... Edward and I tried contacting Leah, but she told us that you were busy patrolling the area with Sam's pack. That you and him were working together down in La Push, and that you couldn't be bothered..." "What? Busy, me? Oh yeah... right. I've been so busy watching TV with a bag of chips on my dad's couch, so occupied." I rolled my eyes sarcastically. "You're joking? Leah told you I was busy patrolling La Push with Sam and his pack?" Bella nodded, clearly as confused as I was. "Bells, I haven't been doing anything at all. The only crime in La Push is those drunken idiots wandering around the streets constantly getting into accidents, but your dad and the police are taking care of that crap. The wolves protect the forest, but there's nothing to protect. Ever since the Volturi left, we've been really bored. Seriously, these past three years have been no action or excitement. In fact, if you could go a little wild on your next hunt and give us something to do, I'd be so grateful." I sarcastically grinned at her, but then turned serious again. "Are you sure Leah told you I was busy? She knows as well as I do I'm not... why would she lie to you?" "I don't know. She just told us that... she doesn't still hate my family does she? I thought we moved past that, didn't we agree to put aside our differences?" I shrugged, Bella was right. When we helped the Cullen family fight the Volturi, Leah actually started to become friends with the vampires. When Alice couldn't get Bella to go shopping with her, she went with Leah who also loved shopping. Those two were like shopping buddies, and I've seen her with Rosalie and Alice in their room giving each other make overs. Seriously, the Cullen girls brought out an extremely girly side of her I didn't even know she had. She'd often join Edward, Jasper, and Emmett on their hunts, and challenge them to races. Watching them getting beaten by a girl every time was really entertaining. Especially, when Emmett would make a big scene and say he "wasn't ready", challenge her to a rematch and lose again and it would continue until he wore himself out. Leah was especially fond of Carli and Esme. Although, at first she didn't want to except Esme's hospitality because she was a vampire and such, eventually she began to and quickly grew fond of her as well as Carli. I could see why, they were very welcoming and kind and they treated her like their own daughter. The only Cullen she didn't like was Bella, although I couldn't see why she'd have anything against her. When Bella was still human, Leah confronted her and yelled at her for hurting me to make her guilty, since we had become very close and she was protective over me. But that didn't matter anymore, I knew Bella never wanted to hurt me and she was with Edward and thanks to her I was with my Nessie, where I belonged. I forgave her long ago, and Leah knew that, so why she'd still dislike Bella was beyond me. She also grew a strong distaste towards