AN: The world and everything within belongs to JK Rowling. I do not own or earn a single penny from this story. Triggers: Smut, infidelity, preying on emotional frailty. Fancast: Young Lucius: Nick Rhodes Abraxas Malfoy: George Sanders Young Lily: Karen Gilllan Deceptive Lust Deceptive Lust The Ceremony Speech by Dumbledore brought tears to everyone's eyes but hers. The night before she had learned of what happened that night that almost broke the Marauders up from a sheepish Remus. It was then she wanted to apologise to Severus but, somehow, Dumbledore had interceded and re-directed her to his office for a nice chat. It was then that Dumbledore found out that Remus had spilled and had sworn her to the same secrecy that Snape was under, and complaining would do no good. Lily was fuming. Thinking of Severus she turned her head and saw him flanked by the Malfoy family. Elegantly tall but forbidding Abraxas, one side, and the slightly shorter but still equally as forbidding Lucius – the son. It was well reported Lucius was here to 'keep Severus in check' so James sniggered in Sirius ear. Normally, Lily would have smirked a little at that, but instead she turned on her heel and snarled: "At least, Severus is not on a leash, unlike Black here!" before she stalked off. Making sure to walk right up to Severus: "Congratulations on topping us, Sev, I hope you can walk with pride!" "You are, young lady?" the elder Malfoy exclaimed. "Miss Lily Evans, sir," Lily curtsied, holding her hand out the way she witnessed Pureblood girls do it. "Do I have the privilege to be speaking to Mr Abraxas Malfoy?" "You do," Abraxas sneered. Though his gaze swept her body with appreciation for the finer things in life. "I have been supporting young Severus here," his fatherly shoulder squeeze was not lost on Lily. "Since his orphaned status left him in the care of a benefactor." Flushing a little, Lily turned to Severus: "Can we talk, Severus?" she asked. Severus was about to answer when Abraxas replied: "There is someone I wish to introduce Severus too for his Potions Master's Degree, we are busy men, Miss Evans." "My father was a Lawyer, sir, and he took care of Mrs Snapes funeral – which were not attended by any of her family save her son and I. I only want five min..." "Which we do not have, good day to you, Miss Evans." To his credit, Severus did blush a little apologetically, as he allowed himself to be directed away from her. She turned only to be met with Lucius Malfoy's eyes twinkling as he followed behind. Lily sighed and then spun on her heel to find James – only to catch him in the middle of the dance floor with his arms around that trampy Slyther-slut Francine Flint – sucking each other's faces off. Furious, Lily stormed up to the salacious pair and punched the girl on her mouth, before turning to a grinning James who found it fun to have two girls fight over him and slap his cheek: "As I said a few years ago," she hissed. Since the party gatherers had stopped to watch the show everyone could hear; "I would rather kiss the giant squid than you, Potter!" "Well, you certainly have been doing it quite a lot, Lily, and when we're married..." Laughing coldly, Lily sneered: "No thank you, not after I know where that mouth has been – I never want those lips near me again... EVER!" With that, she flounced out of what was supposed to be her party, leaving everyone stunned. Francine's friends surrounded her and took her to their room to commiserate over bad timing. Sirius and James glanced at each other with shrugged shoulders, confident that Lily will come back in due time. Peter just giggled at the antics. As long as he was not on the spit, he did not care who got roasted, be they his friends, enemies or family. The only one who had anything to say for Lily was Remus. "You had better grow up one day, James, not all girls are like Lily – if she forgives you, you better stop being a prat!" "Moo..." "No," Remus said quite firmly. "You pine for Lily for 7 years – the moment you –" he silenced himself before he echoed the revelation in his head. It was quite clear James real motive for wanting Lily all this time. "Black, Potter, I will contact you when I am ready to – I am off home to see my mum!" with that Remus left. Black scowled: "What's your problem!" he snarled to the onlookers, blushing with shame as he realised now, it was no longer acceptable to be pranksters. What sort of boring world were they about to go into? James sulked. Quite frankly he did not see anything wrong in what he did. It was not like she was any better. Stubbornly, he set his jaw as he glared around the room. It was supposed to be his party. Why could he not have one last harmless fling or two before growing up? Peter, being the yes man that he was, stuck by James sulking as if he was the one that had been publicly humiliated. There was one pair of eyes that followed the entire story with differing emotions flitting across kaleidoscopically colouring his face. No one could reach him. Abraxas had told the Scout that it was probably best at the Manor, to which the man agreed. Lily was shivering with heartbreak as the scene played over and over in her mind. Was that the first time? Were there many times and no one told her? No, surely if Sev knew he'd... She slumped against a desk and sighed holding her shuddering form tight in her own arms as she pondered what to do next. Going to Gryffindor Tower would be pointless. Her girlfriends had all left to be with their families. It literally was pot luck who could be next on the to be killed/maimed/tortured list. "May I intrude?" a cultured voice sneaked into her morose solitude. "Or would you rather be left to..." "It's a free country," Lily said with little emotion left to show as she shrugged her shoulders. "Good," she heard shoes clip onto the stone floor – a tell tale click of the door shutting. "If it is worth something – you could do a lot better than Potter." Laughing without humour Lily stared off to the side, ignoring the man completely: "I thought, to you at least, he was doing a lot better than me." Suddenly, she stiffened as she felt fingers creep onto the side of her neck, and remained still as her companion's breath fell down to land on the exposed portion of her shoulder: "Francine Flint?" the man sneered, "is not doing better than you." The woman slowly turned, her eyes still lowered on the floor: "Well, thank you, Mr Malfoy." "Lucius please," Lucius knew if he played his cards right he could get inside her before long. "We have been acquainted on and off now for 7 years." "L-Lucius," she stammered out as she felt his fingers land across her jaw the other side of her face. "I cannot think that..." "We have the best interests of Severus at heart, do we not?" he whispered, it was then Lily realised how close he was as she glanced up she found silver eyes gaze deeply into her emerald ones. "That slap was about something more than just an indiscretion." Snorting Lily rolled her eyes; "I suppose you are aware of Severus being bullied by those morons I thought were friends?" Lucius nodded. Humming appreciatively as he caught sight of her tease of cleavage, leading down to better and more wonderful things. "Well, last night I found out he was set up to be murdered by them – well, one someone, Black. I thought he claimed to hate the Blacks because of their infinite cruelty yet he seemed to find no problem with being nasty to Sev." "I see," whispered Lucius against her cream toned throat, wanting nothing more than to take her now but this needed tact. "Blood calls to blood in Wizarding families, Lily," he sighed as he stepped closer allowing their bodies to talk for them. Lily was someone who needed to be shown rather than told. "The Blacks were noble at one time, and they are as Ancient as Rome, but..." he sighed as he tilted her chin up so he could gaze into those beautiful eyes. "As with all old things, they develop a bit of senility," he used the tip of his middle finger to trace a line down the column of her neck. "It has something to do with the – Always Pure – they carry around their necks, they mean that you know. All marriages are arranged in that line because no one else would marry them willingly." Despite herself, Lily laughed, and allowed herself to examine the man before her. She was 18, so he must be 24 or 25. Wow, she sighed, this is cool. Almost, it would be if he were someone else. "I certainly can believe that of Bellatrix," she said the name savagely. It did not help Lucius pant situation, "I've seen pictures of Rodolphus and if he was not... well... erm..." "How do you know I am not... well... erm?" Blushing at the innuendo, Lily shook her head and whispered: "I doubt you would be helping me for Severus if you were." Chuckling a little Lucius stepped further forward making her having to lean back slightly: "Who says I am here for Severus?" "Um, I just thought, m-maybe h-he..." "That Severus asked me to see you?" the mocking tone caused Lily to flush. "Well," she sighed, "if you are not here for Severus then, er, why are you, um, here?" Tilting his head to the side Lucius reached out to tuck some hair behind her ear and smiled as he brushed a thumb over the lower lip. Pleased to hear the hitch in her throat. Lily's throat dried. What was he doing? He was married! She was bought up with certain principles. She believed engagements and marriages were lifetime commitments. Despite her father's job telling her otherwise. Yet here was this sexy, older, married man gazing at her as if she was the only woman in the world he had ever seen. She suddenly felt in need of a cold shower. Not even James had managed this form of intensity in the time Lucius had. "Why do you not get a little of your own back, Miss Evans?" Lucius murmured against her now throbbing anticipatory lips. "Come on, it's only going to be what you want, is it not?" Uncertainty flickered in her gaze as she searched Lucius Malfoy's face. "I will not do anything you do not want me to do." Gulping Lily nodded. Realising she could not speak. "You are going to have to tell me what you want me to do with you, my dear." Blushing Lily bit and chewed her lower lip and peered through her lashes: "Can we kiss, please?" her hoarse voice stripped the last of his resolve. Not even a second passed before she felt his lips crash on top of hers. Lily felt flustered and weak by the feel of his sensual mouth massaging her own. Tentatively she found his hands twining into her hair as he stepped the final step so she could feel the length of his body against hers. Then she moaned, and that was it! Lucius abandoned all and began ravishing her mouth, roughly manoeuvring her lips with his as teeth grazed against the inner flesh of the lower lip. Tongue following to sooth the pinch. Lily pressed her body tightly against his and soon her hands found themselves in his long, beautiful