AN : I do not earn any money from the writing of this story. This is inspired by the characters and world from the pen of JK Rowling. Notes: This story starts in the summer of 1976, a phenonemally hot summer in the UK according to my parents. Worst draught followed. I will have to look up winter 76-77. I wrote as colloquially as I could for the North, which my mother thinks I have done. I would like to state here: Certain views expressed by characters in the story are not the personal views of the author. I am trying to convey the attitudes and opinions of characters due to their backgrounds and their already canonised attitudes. I am also going on the theory that there are parallel universes - and as soon as a choice is made a Universe springs up playing out that different choice - or as the late, great Sir Terry Pratchett said, to Paraphrase: There are trousers of time, and sometimes things go down the wrong leg! Think of Hermione going down the wrong leg in Father Times trousers. This is a Time-Turner; Parallel Universe; Marriage Law Fic! There will be Marauder Bashing with a dash of Dumbledore Hitting too. Pairings: Severus Snape/Lily Evans; Narcissa Black/Remus Lupin; James Potter/OFC (Mildred Dewhurst - Muggleborn, Hufflepuff - the opposite of Lily but like Lily wants to be with Severus); Sirius Black/OFC (Francine Flint, Slytherin, Half-blood - Not his type - or is she?); Hermione Granger (name change to her grandmother's greek maiden name: Katsaros - means curly-haired - Behind the Name . com) her pairing is going to develop as the story progresses), this is a SNILY story, first and foremost. Other pairings also to be decided. TRIGGERS : Attempted Rape. Mind control. Objectifying Women. Sexism. Racism. Dub-Con. Arranged Marriages. Attitudes that definitely not accepted (and rightfully so) today. Fancast: Lily Evans : Karen Gillan Severus Snape : Young Alan Rickman Tobias Snape : Ron Cook Lucius Malfoy : Nick Rhodes Narcissa Malfoy : Dakota Blue Richards Pre-Cursed Lord Voldemort : Aiden Turner Abraxas Malfoy : George Sanders Finbar Avery : Young Gabriel Byrne Remus Lupin : Young Ewan McGregor Gnarled Entwined Web Infinite choices … ergo infinite universes – 3RD Doctor (Jon Pertwee) Inferno Spinner's Yarn Rows of houses that are all the same yet no one seems to care! - Monkees, Pleasant Valley Sunday. Summer 1976 Cokeworth: Spinners Yarn Inn The red headed girl stood outside the rowdy pub twisting her white, embroidered tunic in her fingers. Since the Factory was closed her father seemed to spend the weekends in the local pub gossiping about the cricket, football, what could be the next stupid thing the Government can do. Anything other than the lives that they live now. Her father was at least laid off with enough from pensions and decent wage packet. Their house was bought and paid for. As her father was Foreman he also managed to wander into another good job as a Supermarket Manager's Assistant at Sainsbury's. Also with good monthly income. However, today was his day off! Lily was sent by her mum to fetch him home. Excitement bubbled in her heart because Tuney had brought home her boyfriend. A gruff, horrid, man named Vernon, who worked in the family business of Drills. Yet she was stubbornly happy for Tuney right now. Then she frowned at her mother's rather hostile reaction. It seemed Fern Bridget Evans had immediately disliked and disapproved of him straight away. Her father, she noted, was the loudest of all. Swigging back Guinness like there were only two hours left to live. Letting go of her initial fear of entering the Man's Place , she pushed open the doors and entered the Inn with her heart in her throat. "Remember when tha' John 'ad tried to gerroff work with athletes foot?" a man slapped her father on the back rather good naturedly. "Claimed he'd run too far to work every day?" "Aye," the man agreed then froze at the sight of the girl saucily dressed in yellow espadrilles, yellow and brown tartan mini skirts, and an off the shoulder flower embroidered tunic. "Eh, Lass," he winked. Her father, Henry, turned around and smiled: "Hello, our Lil.'" "Da," Lily smiled nervously back. "Tuney brought home her boyfriend. She's real upset you aren't there to meet him." "So," a dark, sinister voice said from the shadows of the smoke filled establishment. "This is yer youngest?" Henry wrapped his arm around his daughter's waist. For he knew the reputation behind the voice. Fatherly protection surrounded Lily as she hugged in closer to him. Breathing in his old spice scent. That voice amongst the nicotine fog curdled her blood. "Don' mind the lass, Toby," one of her father's old work friends, Mr Vaughan, said. "She is only 'ere for a few." "The lass should mind where she be," Toby replied. Everyone could hear the creak of a chair as the voice emerged into a gorilla like man – with cold ice eyes glittering oddly amongst the swirling mists of cigarette smoke, a red light glowed in the pupils. The smirk that covered the man's face made Lily's legs quiver beneath her out of fright that was obvious on her blood drained cheeks. "If she don' wan' ter be looked at she should ne'er come 'ere in tha' sinful clobber." Eyes wide with fear, trembling against Henry's tight embrace, Lily gulped as she now recognised the name. Her ex-best friend's tyrannical father. "Go home, luv," Henry whispered kissing the top of her head. Uncertainty flashed through her eyes as she glanced at her father. Not wanting to leave his sight. "Tell yer ma and sister that I shall be 'ome soon enough." "Right, father," Lily sighed as she reluctantly stepped away from the warmth of his embrace. "Just make sure you are there for tea." As she left she could her the snide voice of Tobias Snape sneer: "Your daughter be puttin on airs what she oughn't, Evans, she sounds like them southern softies from London or some such place," Lily froze in her tracks, awaiting her father's response. Her heart may be pumping blood but it seemed to end up in her head and pounding through her ears. "Is the North not to yer likin' lass?" "Quiet Snape!" Henry hissed. "At least I clothe, feed and love my daughter. The rags your son wears makes me feel sorry for 'im, as fer Eileen; no one 'as seen er about for months." Breathing a sigh of relief, Lily was almost out of the pub when her father carried on: "And there ain't nowt wrong wi' betterin' yerself, Snape." "I don't like your insinuations, Evans," Tobias Snape sneered. "At least the rags cover me lad's body, you ought to make sure your Lil' goes about more dressed than that. Mustn't mek honest folk think on her as street goods!" Henry was almost going to throw the man a punch but Tobias sneered once more as he got up and puffed some smoke in Henry's face. "You best leave, Snape, before I bar you from here for life," the Publican said calmly. Roving nasty eyes up and down his former boss, Tobias Snape continued in his nasty tone: "Don' ye fret, George," his eyes glittered oddly, as if an idea had just occurred to him. "I'm leavin'," with that he calmly sauntered out into the bright heat. Tobias grinned. He timed that brilliantly. He put the fag between his teeth and smirked as he watched Lily Evans walk around the corner. Youthful hips swayed in that delicious short skirt. So short it should be a belt, Tobias tutted, still I'm not complaining. My but what a tasty dish, he tilted his head to the side, the lass needs a seeing too. One he was sure his son was too dumb to know how to do so. Quietly, he followed her, making sure to always find shady spots to hide. No wonder his worthless son liked this bit of strumpet. His eyes roved down to her shapely legs, contemplating the bounce of her step, and the smirk grew, perky too. What was to stop him from grabbing her now? He looked around and proceeded to speed up his pace to catch up with her along the canal path. Timing it perfectly to when she passed by a particularly shady bush lined part of the path. Diverting his steps so he was behind the bushes, he waited until she was nearly at the steps that would take her back to the main thoroughfare, on her way home. Before Lily had time to think she felt a hand clamp around her wrist. Eyes wide with shock as she found herself face-to-face with her ex-best friend's father. Her mouth ran dry as she gazed up into Tobias sinister glowering visage. She was somewhat reminded of the villain in Pinochio, the one who led the wooden boy to almost become a donkey, the seemingly never ending fag put Lily to mind of a human volcano. From what Severus said he could erupt against him for no reason whatsoever. "My haven't ye grown lass?" the smirk did not reach his cold, glittering eyes, dangerous as black ice. The same eyes that her friend had. The same eyes set in another face that used to glitter with enthusiasm every time he worked out an easier route to a potion, or thought of a new spell that would be useful to defend himself with, a friend she achingly yearned to have back in her life. Her heart had shattered that day. "I can understand why my runt would tek an interest in thee, lass!" Lily tried to yank her wrist out of her tormentor's strong grip. Twisting, turning and pulling in an effort to get out free of the odious man. The friction caused her to wince in pain. She remembered playing Chinese Burn with Severus once just to see if it really did hurt. Now, fighting for freedom, she understood exactly how much it could be used to gain information out of someone. The flesh literally did burn with friction from other people holding tight to it. "Severus is not a runt!" she growled at the man before her. "A nice bit of spirit," Tobias yanked her closer to him. Lily tried not to retch at the stench of cheap cigarettes on his breath. Wishing she could cover her nose against the even cheaper cologne that he seemed to bathe in. Not helped when mingled with the sweat of the heat of the hottest part of the day. It was times like this that Lily wished that they had their Apparition tests. "Fire coloured hair," he took a chunk in one of his paws and sniffed it in closing his eyes. "I always did prefer redheads. God knows why I ever slept wi' Eileen at all. Not much of a woman at all. Nowt enough to satisfy me, at any rate. You on t'other hand..." Disgusting nicotine stained fingers tilted her chin up. Without taking his eyes off her, he spat the fag down on the floor, ground the butt to the dust with his boot before pulling her in for a slobbery kiss. Lily whimpered with fear as his lips sloppily kissed hers. As if he was trying to drink her rather than kiss her. She may have been a Gryffindor, she sighed, but that did not help when she was at home,16 years old, the youngest in the family and the only one who could do magic. It was times like this she wished Mary McDonald or Marlene McKinnon could have come home with her like she asked. Marlene was still broken hearted over Sirius Black, a Wizard with all his brains in his pre-attached wand, whilst Mary McDonald was simpering after Lupin. A lost cause, Lily knew. Remus seemed to be too shy of girls making