AN : JK Rowlings world - I am so pleased she allows us to expand it with our own fertile imaginations. Thank you, JK Rowling x I must also thank Vino Amore for going through it first of all. Triggers : Implied! Peodophilia , Obsessive behaviour, racism, bullying, DARK!GREY Hermione. Pairings : Hermione/Multi; Harry/Ginny, (I may as well make this easy, and say Harry will be with Ginny in any of my stories whether he be Harry Snape or Harry Potter or Harry Malfoy), Ron/Luna, Daphne Greengrass/Marcus Flint (one-sided). Daphne Greengrass/Anthony Goldstein (requited). Others to be decided... Fancast: Young Lucius : Nick Rhodes Young Narcissa : Dakota Blue Richards Older Lucius : Jason Isaacs Older Narcissa : Joely Richardson Draco Malfoy : Tom Felton Fenrir Greyback : Idris Elba Kingsley Shacklebolt : Paterson Joseph Andromeda Tonks : Julia Sawalha Remus Lupin : Ewan McGregor Sirius Black : Richard Armitage Handsome Voldemort : Aiden Turner Antonin Dolohov : Colin Farrell Rodolphus Lestrange : Rufus Sewell Rabastan Lestrange : Tom Hiddleston Bellatrix Lestrange : Helena Bonham-Carter Bellatrix Black : Tuppence Middleton Severus Snape : Alan *sniff* Rickman Finbar Avery : Gabriel Byrne Blaise Zabini : Royce Pierreson Adrian Pucey : Cillian Murphy Others to be announced as and when I can put faces to names ... In Good Faith Summary: Six year old Hermione, in a bid to escape a frightening situation, ends up in Diagon Alley. With the help of the kind Professor Snape, Hermione manages to spend at least one night in a warm bed. All would be well if Draco had not found her and demanded that she be his sister. The Malfoy's adopt her and change her name to Adhara Hermione, and she becomes favoured Niece to Bellatrix Lestrange... The older she becomes the more male attention she recieves. Lost She was 6 today. The outside of the house looked like a rainbow vomited all over it; brightly hued streamers littered the usually pristine garden. Glittery signs hung up, proclaimed a big, round, friendly 6 in green and silver, red and pink, and yellow and purple. Hermione loved the green and silver balloons the best and snuck all the green and silver stuff to her room with the intent to ask her daddy to decorate the room with those colours. Whilst not a popular girl at school Hermione managed to get a worthwhile gathering to help her usher in the new birthday. Tables were placed outside as it was still fairly warm for mid September. Ribbons hung in loops to the table legs. Mountains of triangle cut sandwiches of tuna mayonnaise, egg and cress, cheese and tomato, chicken and cucumber. Sausage rolls. Pineapple and cheese on toothpicks. Bowls of lettuce, tomato and grated carrot next to squeezable tubes of salad crème, mayonnaise, and ketchup – these were 6 year old kids – it was rather amusing to see children mix them all together. Pizza slices, cheesy flavoured nibbles. Bottles of diet fizzy drinks. Jugs of water and paper cups, plates, straws and napkins were already littering the suburban Cheltenham back garden. Not to mention the other table filled with sweet delicacies. Cupcakes with different neon coloured icing. Some with glittery gold fairies on the top. Others with He-Man characters, supposedly for the boys, but Helen Granger was delighted to note that to kids – cake was cake and she won a bet with her mother, Maria. Butterfly cakes with cream and jam dusted with icing sugar. Lemon meringue pies. Fondant fancies. In the centre of the table was a ginormous cake in the shape of the letter 6. The end was a Snakes head with friendly bulbous pink eyes, a red forked tongue laying flat on the plate, the back of the number was decorated in alternating red, black and purple triangles of different sizes layered to look like scales. The body eventually curled off, the number tapered into a pointed tail that, to the joy of the children, they could pick up to discover that it rattled with skittles. Inside was Hermione's favourite flavour: Lemon. It was Hermione's job to open the cake that her father painstakingly made for her along with her best friend Steven. Steven stood shyly next to her holding her hand; looking so sweet in his black suit. Hermione wore a Tinkerbell's outfit – she refused to let Steven go. Steven refused to be let go by her. Steven's mother was rich enough to film the entire show, Steven insisted so he could watch his future wife. He was 8 and he knew Hermione was his wife. It made his mother smile but also worry. Hermione was a genius child. It seemed all she had to do was read the basic mechanics and know what to do. Take her VCR for example. Even Steven found it difficult but in 3 minutes Hermione had managed to show everyone how to record programmes. How to film on their camera. That was just the start of her cleverness. 44 Vine Road was a five bedroom semi. One of the spare bedrooms held instruments that Hermione was more than proficient in. She could also work out the mathematics of dancing. Learning languages was never a problem: Alexander Granger joked that the motivation was that Hermione could then natter for any country. To many people, it would seem Hermione was a happy, popular, wonderful little girl. Yet: The many children that were there would thank her for the party but would never invite her to theirs. Steven would. The mothers of the children will always gush and smile over how clever she must be but behind closed doors would breath a huge sigh of relief that their children were, thankfully, normal. The husbands would all slap Granger on the back and declare that there is only ten years to go before he had to worry about boyfriends – yet swore never to let their sons near the oddball. The darkest thing of all was the little girl herself: Hermione Jean Granger. Dressed as Tinkerbell with the blonde pixie wig. Daintily eating a slice of Lemon Snake cake, sitting next to the only person she loved more than her parents also devouring the birthday cake. Steven called Hermione some sort of Superhero as she could do things. Certain things that exhilarated, frightened, and loved all at once. Once she set a girls hair on fire. That truly worried poor Hermione. Terrified that she had caused permanent damage to the girl, she spent every day she could to make it up to the girl by running her every errand. However, the girl exploited that and got Hermione into more trouble. Trouble like stealing other children's lunch money to remain in this girls good graces. When Steven found out he told the girl, in no certain terms, to find some other slave. However, she was so exhilarated on firework night last year that she clapped her hands at the end of the show and little blue balls of light floated in front of her: Like will o' the wisps, her father whispered in her ear, and went home and read Hermione her favourite fairy story: Beauty and the Beast before kissing his girl on the forehead. Hermione loved that night. Was the best in her whole life so far. Frightened, Hermione was continually frightened since he showed up. An old college friend of her parents. Daryl Stubbs. A big, jolly sort of individual whom Hermione liked at first. He always bought her things whenever he visited. Once he purchased her a rabbit and she loved her bunny: Daisy, thinking of her father's kind friend every time Hermione petted her. Then, suddenly, another person showed up – it turned out Daisy belonged to Daryl's niece. So Hermione, devastated and sobbing, had to give her back to the original owner. A blonde haired princess Prima Donna in the making. Her father shouted at Daryl's irresponsibility over breaking his daughter's heart. That was when Dear Daryl became Danger Daryl. Though he did purchase her proper bunny rabbits, fluffy ones – one as black as night the other as white as Snow, Hermione unimaginatively named them Soot and Snow, and adored them the same as Daisy. One day, her parents had asked Daryl to look after Hermione whilst her grandma had to be taken to the hospital. Eagerly, Daryl took charge of their lovely little girl. The moment her parents were out of the house he stood over her. "Do you love the rabbits, Hermione?" he asked. Silently, warily, Hermione nodded whilst hugging Snow. "I am going to put Snow to bed," she said. Daryl watched her from the open French doors as the little girl put the rabbit in her hutch and fed her a carrot. "There, she's tucked in. Want to watch a film? Daddy's got some of the best latest VHS." "Hmm," Daryl tilted his head to the side, "how about first I read you a story. What is your favourite?" Hermione skipped happily up the stairs and found her Ladybird book set and gave Daryl Rumpelstiltskin and Beauty and the Beast. "There they are," she said as she hopped up on her small child chair that she loved. "No," Daryl said sitting on the sofa, "why do you not sit next to me?" Danger Daryl – Hermione called him from then on. She was certain his father's friend should not have had his hand there ... or hugged her... like that . That was three months ago. After the cake had been eaten, Daryl turned up, and walked over to her parents. Keeping his steely gaze on her. Sitting in the middle of reasonable pile of gifts Hermione found she was the happy owner of several new varie-hued, green dresses, a My Little Pony stables, some more wonderful books to read or be read out loud to her. Chronicles of Narnia, she squealed then realised who it was from, she locked eyes with Daryl. Gulping she held firm the giant hard backed, colour illustrated book, close to her chest like a shield. There were other gifts, some My Little Ponies, a Care Bear with a storm on his belly, and a last one which her father brought through the house. A bike! The one she wanted! Green, silver handles, snakes decorating the crossbars and white plastic basket at front and a little bell. "This one is from your mother and I," said her daddy. "I am going to teach you to ride this, then we will work our way up to horses, sweetheart!" Everyone oooh'd and aaah'd over the bike and Hermione hugged her father tight before kissing her mother on the cheek. "After all, dear girl, you only have three years to earn your Cycle Proficiency Test, you like a head start." "That's too much of a head start, daddy," Hermione smiled but jumped and down excitedly. By the time 3 0'Clock rolled around many of the children were becoming tired so their parents thanked hers for a lovely time, yelled Happy Birthday one more time, before leaving in their gleaming cars. By 3:30pm the house was a littered mess. Daryl had stayed behind. "Why don't I put the little fairy to bed for her nap and I will come back down to help you recover from hurricane Birthday, yeah?" "Thanks mate," Alexander said. "Hermione is relatively easy to get to sleep." Nervously, Hermione took Danger Daryl's hand upstairs. Once the door to her bedroom closed Hermione realised he was still with her. After removing the blonde wig finally allowing her wild bushy hair free, and had laid her little bag of gold glitter stars to work as Pixie Dust, Hermione told him. "It's all right, I can go to sleep; you don't..." "Oh nonsense, Hermione, why do we not play a game. Let's call it; 'Who can hug the longest?' hmm? Doesn't that sound like fun?" "No, it does not," Hermione folded her arms and tried to side step