AN: This story was originally published ten years ago, I decided to resurrect it and give it another chance. I am pointing out all characters, places, and world, belong to JK Rowling. I do not earn nachos for writing this story. Fancast: Kingsley Shacklebolt: Paterson Joseph Triggers: Torture, rape, treachery, teen pregnancy. Pairings: Hermione will be with Kingsley Shacklebolt, Severus Snape, Thorfinn Rowle and possibly others though they will be in a DUB or Non Con sense. Harry/Ginny; Remus/Dora; Charlie/Luna DARK LIGHT In The Heat He was sitting in the library. The sun streamed through the window, the warmth caused him to sigh wistfully as he tilted his face towards the shaft of light. He loved the sun shining in the room as it leant an ethereal essence, which brought him back to those childhood stories he used to love before he lost his innocence. As the windows were wide open the silver curtains fluttered and shimmered in the summer breeze. He remembered the time when he put them up. She was helping him with his task. He remembered the way she looked against the the light of the window. Skin tinged gold, hair glinting with all manner of caramel, chocolate and golden hues, peace reigned her form. To him she was the Suns Daughter lovingly bestowed upon the earth to bring it joy with her beautiful face. Nothing could happen though. He was forty-five years old and she was barely eighteen. Besides, he mused, it is not like she has ever shown any signs of reciprocated attraction. So, he did what he did best as a Ravenclaw and kept his feelings hidden. He couldn't believe that in a matter of months he had been reduced to fantasizing about someone that would never return his affections. He looked at the page of the book he was trying to read but found that he couldn't focus easily; the words mingled and blurred on the paper, he tossed it aside. He looked up and, contemplating the merits of a lonely walk around London, he was about to get up and leave. That was the precise moment when the door opened. He watched as his desire entered. Did the girl even realise how beautiful she was? "Oh, hello Mr Shacklebolt," she said. Kingsley groaned. He had told her to call him by his first name. "Hermione," he said in his deep calming voice. Hermione blushed. She had always loved a deep voice and his was no exception. Definitely not the exception, she thought. No point in dreaming though, he will only see you as a silly little school girl. "It's rather hot today, don't you think?" she asked using an old Potions Weekly to fan herself with. Kingsley nodded quietly. Watching with burgeoning lust as he saw the front of her buttoned up corset dress expand and contract as she breathed in and out. Nonchalantly, she shrugged her shoulders and skipped up to the bookshelf. He needed to know for certain whether she viewed him as an acquaintance, friend, father figure or perhaps a potential beau. Elegantly, Kingsley rose from his seat and made the choice to get as close to her as propriety would allow. "What are you after?" he asked. "Something to do with Horcruxes," Hermione said calmly. "No, Hermione, I won't let you," he found himself saying gruffly. Hermione turned around on her heel and her eyes widened with shock. Almost scared by the intense look in his handsome chiselled face. A countenance she wanted to map out with her fingers whilst his tongue was exploring her mouth. "Someone has to," she murmured. "Harry is still moping about Dumbledore half the time and declaring war on Professor Snape the other half and when he does take a break he uses it to snuggle up to Ginny. If we leave it up to him nothing useful would get done." "What about leaving it up to someone like me?" Kingsley asked taking one of her hands in his letting their arms swing between them. "Hermione," he sighed bringing her closer to him. "Please, you can't. You smile, you bring light to the gloom, and I cannot let that be diminished by you searching for dark knowledge." He could smell her perfume; lilac, jasmine and honey scent wafted and caressed him, little fingers of aroma tickled his neck and curled around his head. Kingsley found he had to stifle a moan. Innocently the usually confident Auror looked down only to find that the sun was shining through the skirt of her mint green summer dress. Teasing and displaying what he could never hold. He gulped down his urge and reined his self control back in. He began circling his fingers in Hermione's palms. She felt shock-waves course through her body at his gentle, soothing touch. Suddenly their eyes snapped to each other's finding equal intensity of desire flash through the other. "Don't stop," she sighed. Kingsley tilted his head and looked at her expression. It would be so simple to lean in and kiss those soft, pink, cupid bow lips. Realising she did like what he was doing, Kingsley suddenly remembered who they were and their 27 year age gap. Reluctantly, he dropped her hand and stepped back. "Please, Hermione, you cannot expose yourself to that sort of knowledge," he said. He took another step or two back as he felt they were still too close. "I mean it. Read some Jane Austen or Charles Dickens for a change." "But I do read those authors," Hermione answered trying not to giggle. "It's not a laughing matter, Hermione," not only that but your dimples are begging to be kissed, "you are too young and too beautiful to engage in such dark study." Hermione stopped laughing when she heard Kingsley Shacklebolt call her beautiful. She was interested in this bald man. She loved his voice, she loved his hands, and she even liked his bald head. She either liked a lot of hair or none at all. Her favourite actor as a child was Yul Brynner. He was ultra sexy. He walked away from her and turned around. Why had he said that to her? Now she'd only laugh in his face! Oh he had relationships before. Been engaged once or twice but none of the women affected him so deeply that Hermione Granger did. Why should it happen now? She nibbled her lower lip and looked down on the floor. "Do you really think I'm beautiful?" she asked in a small voice. Kingsley sighed. His shoulders slumped as he answered. "I do, I truly do." " No one has called me beautiful," Hermione said. "Well, apart from Viktor, but I didn't believe him." Hermione looked around the room trying to think of something else to say but he spoke. "I am sorry," he groaned. "I should never have said it." Hermione walked up to him and laid a hand on his back. She rubbed it with circular motions as she stepped around him so that she could look in his dark eyes. "Thank you, Mr Shacklebolt," she said. He heard her flip flops slap on the floor. Watching as she walked around to face him, eyes widened, surprised to find her on tiptoes. Even more so when her lips softly kissed his cheek causing him to blush. Hermione thought he was cute when he blushed. "How many times," he coughed awkwardly, "call me Kingsley." Hermione found it strange that an adult was giving her permission to call him or her by their first name without the respectable prefix of Uncle or Aunt before it. "Uncle Kingsley," she said. "No, just Kingsley," he replied. "Kingsley," Hermione tested the name on her mouth. He had never heard his name spoken of in such a musical way before. He smiled at her. "Hermione," he said. "You know something, our names rhyme." "Kind of," she agreed. "Now," she sighed squaring her shoulders. "Why do you think I'm beautiful?" "I shouldn't," Kingsley said. "It is wrong for a man of my age to think of a woman of your age in any way." "Why?" Hermione said softly. "What do you truly think of me, Kingsley?" The dark man sighed and looked down on the floor. He couldn't look in her eyes and tell her what he had to say. He couldn't gaze into the eyes of the girl that truly trusted him, as he would break her trust with one single sentence, yet he could not deny the feelings any longer. Every time he saw her he felt his heart grow within him so much it hurt. "I think that you are a sexy, beautiful, intelligent young woman." He looked at her eyes. She was still earnestly seeking truth through her eyes to his; she still had that smile on her face. "Sexy?" she said lowering her eyelids. Coquettishly peering up at him through her long lashes. "Yes," he replied. "Absolutely sexy." Hermione giggled. Even Viktor hadn't called her sexy. She stepped up closer to him and smiled. "You're attractive too, Kingsley." "I am," he said in utter surprise. Hermione giggled again and ran a finger along his lips. He took her hand away. "No, Hermione, we shouldn't." "We haven't even started yet," she pouted. Channelling her inner Pansy, Hermione stepped up on tip toes once again so she could whisper in his ear. "Kingsley, you are an extremely handsome, intelligent man. I love your quiet strength, and I feel … well … calm around you." Kingsley closed his eyes with sheer relief. He was scared of her rejection of him. She seemed to like him and that was a good start. "Hermione," he sighed. "We barely know each other. I cannot make a move or even kiss you. I like you, and I want to but I don't want to betray your trust." He stroked aside some hair off her face and smiled at her, his almond shaped eyes sparkled all the warmth of the African Savannah. "You won't," she replied. She leant forward and cupped one of his cheeks in her hand. Following through, Hermione brushed her lips against his and smiled. She then pushed his lower lip down with her finger and leaned forward. She placed her top lip in between his parted mouth and he sucked her lip. She tasted so sweet. Her mouth felt so warm. Cautiously, Kingsley slipped his tongue into her mouth. His lips pushed insistently against hers, as his tongue tentatively stroked hers urging her to play with his. He could drown in that mouth of hers. She tasted every bit as sweet as her personality dictated she would. She leant into his body as he wrapped his strong arms around her waist bringing her closer within his embrace. Her insides were bubbling and far from calm. She pressed her stomach against his growing erection. Moaning as their bodies became as close to each other as they could. Hermione wrapped her hands around his head and purred in his mouth. His hands wandered down her sides and circled around her hips. She thrust forward wanting nothing more than for them to be naked. His hands stroked up her back and landed in her hair, fingers laced themselves in her golden curls. He broke the kiss. They were both panting. He looked into her eyes, they were shining and her face was flushed from the excitement and promise of more. He dipped his head and placed his lips on her cheek, he kissed along her jaw and down the side of her neck. "Kingsley," she sighed. This only spurned him on. He picked her up and carried her over to a table and laid her flat on her back. She wanted to laugh but felt that might ruin the moment. She held onto him tightly. He was about to start unbuttoning her dress when someone walked into the room. Kingsley immediately jumped off Hermione. Hermione stood up. Her hair mussed, and her