AN: This is an expansion and re edit of an old one shot I did over ten years ago. I changed quite a bit... the original is up on AFF if you are interested in seeing how much I changed it. The original will be taken down shortly. Pairings: Charlie Weasley/Luna Lovegood, Hermione Granger/Thorfinn Rowle. Triggers : None, this as fluffy as a bunny rabbits tail. Only one Major Character Death is mentioned. Perhaps flashbacks to bullying my upset some people. Charlie's Angel Today was the day someone was going to interview him on his career choice, he hoped he would get asked some insightful questions other than: They breathe fire, don't they? Hands in his pockets, Charlie Weasley strode to Norberta's pen. Norberta was a ten year old Dragon that he had acquired from his favourite person in the whole world, Professor Rubeus Hagrid. The silly name was due to a mistake in determining the sex. At first Hagrid thought it was a bull and called him Norbert. It was only when his then youngest brother, the Boy Who Lived, and their admittedly sexy friend, Hermione Granger, sent him out to Romania that it was found out that the bull was actually a cow, hence the A was added at the end to give the feminine twist she needed. Oh she was the most beautiful specimen of Dragon too. He sighed wistfully as he looked at the Norwegian Ridgeback. He loved Dragons. Preferred them to people actually. "Hello sweetheart," he said as he leaned on the cage. "Do you want to hear what is going to happen today?" Norberta snorted. Charlie took that to mean: 'I suppose so.' "We're going to have a visitor, she's some sort of reporter for a rather cult rag. I want you to be really polite to her okay darling?" Norberta bowed her head and grunted, Charlie smiled at the submissive act. He had a special affinity with this particular Dragon. The old girl was nesting and she needed her space to do so. Which is why Charlie did not enter the pen. Never get between a cow dragon and her brooding. "I've also got another letter from mum telling me to get a mate," Charlie moaned. Norberta sniffed: 'Yes, I do not blame her, species needs to be continued on, and you are remiss in your duties as a human bull not to do so!' The seemingly knowing glance Norberta shared with Charlie put a smirk on his face as if to continue on: 'You would make fine, strong chicks!' At this somewhat private exchange of thought, Charlie laughed. "I guess if you could talk you'd be on my mum's side," he chuckled. "Truth is, I have only ever liked three Witches in my life – excluding mum and Ginny of course," Norberta tilted her head and inched it forward for Charlie to stroke her snout. "Nymphadora Tonks, but she preferred a Werewolf and they are happy together," sighing as he thought of their brief relationship at school. His heart broke when she dumped him for reasons he still could not understand. "There was that Witch I met after the Battle, she did not last long. Heat of the moment sort of thing," then his eyes softened at the thought of the other Witch. "Then there was Hermione Granger, who never accepted a date from me no matter how many times I asked her out, she was the one that introduced us, remember?" Norberta nodded. "Ah well, that is all past." He became pensive all of a sudden as he gazed into her intelligent eyes. "I wish you could talk back to me, old girl," Charlie sighed. "Sadly, there is no magical communication between dragon and human like there is with the rare ability to speak to snakes." Norberta seemingly sniggered. Well, Charlie smiled, can she understand me after all? "Charlie!" A male voice shouted out from somewhere near a particularly hormonal female of Norberta's species. "We need help, we think the eggs breaking!" Charlie rolled his eyes and banged his fist lightly on an iron bar. "See you later, girl," he twinkled at Norberta. Charlie walked over to Freya, the rather angry mother-to-be. "Hey girl, calm down, hey! We don't want the little 'un hurt now do we?" He was soothing, he was gentle, and the females all responded to Charlie. The Romanian Magical Community all felt better at having Charlie Weasley here. He had a way with Dragons that was extremely cannily like the way Salazar Slytherin held sway over serpents. Freya was relaxed enough for them to put a stunning spell on her; they then brought the egg out of the cage carefully. Not one of them had managed to calm their nerves over this procedure. Charlie placed it in a box with lots of straw and immediately took it to the incubating rooms. Not very many female Dragons were allowed to hatch the eggs naturally, as they were prone to damage their young in fits and stamping. Charlie had got this procedure down to a fine art. Luna was nervous; she had known Charlie Weasley for some of her childhood, having grown up near him. But she had only known him as a slightly stand-offish boy. She was going to meet Charles Weasley the man! She was best friends with his sister, now Mrs Harry Potter, and she had a crush on his younger brother, now dead. Charlie Weasley was different from his brothers; he was weirder for a start. Her kind of weird. That revelation just increased her nerves ten-fold. She wondered if she could remain professional throughout all this. Ever since Hermione Granger had arranged this interview for her father's paper, the Quibbler. Not the joking reputation it once held for the community, because of Hermione's influence, it has the respect amongst the magical populace that was once held by the Daily Prophet. Luna was quite happy writing essays on all her theories, researching them in the far-flung corners of the world, gathering physical proof to back her musings up. She was quite happy being left to her own devices and doing what she wanted to do. Suddenly, the world wanted to know about Dragons! Why? What was so interesting about them? Certainly not as fascinating to her as Crumple-Horned Snorcacks, and Nargles. Isn't there enough on Dragons already? Obviously not. Oh Hermione, Luna sighed, I adore what you have done for my father and I but... What was wrong with unexplored phenomena? Why did everything have to be based in facts that you can see? Hermione had only got the Editors job because she was better at catching errors and polishing off the material to pristine condition. Hermione still remained one of her closest friends, and as soon as that nickname was whispered amongst the staff, Hermione tenaciously stood up for her. It was still amazing to the once lonesome witch that she had such passionate friends to defend her. Luna still smiled at the memory of Hermione laying into Cho in her Sixth year when she found out that Luna's things were still being stolen. It was only when Hermione threatened Cho's vanity did the older Ravenclaw do something about it. There was still no love lost between Hermione, Ginny and Cho. Cho still shamelessly flirted whenever she saw Harry – an action that Ginny took particular offence at and hexed the witch with a few good stinging jinxes that took the Healers in St Mungos an entire week to fully cure. As per usual when Luna was reminiscing, she defaulted to her daydream world. Her thoughts meandered to finding the worlds first, in one of the many things that she believed existed, that the rest of the world didn't, when they were interrupted by heavy footsteps. A wizard clumsily stumbled in the Visitor's Room. A rather tousle haired, sweaty, dirty man. A rather good-looking, sweating, dirty man! Regretfully, Luna shook her head. Not only was he out of her league, he'd probably be just as scared of her as other men she liked seemed to be. Also, she was not here to ogle men. No matter how fit they were. She had a job to do. "Charlie Weasley," he introduced himself. He offered his hand to her after he wiped them on some rather worn out cloth. "Luna Lovegood," she answered as she gingerly accepted his hand. Charlie furrowed his brow. "Hey, I know you, your father owns the Quibbler right?" Luna blushed a lovely shade of red, lowering her eyes to the floor, shifting awkwardly in her seat. Trying to form a tactful response to this question that did not lead the wizard in front of her to believe she was as loony as she had been called before. "No, he owned the Quibbler," she replied coolly. "I am here because my Editor has sent me to find out what advantages, if any, to the Wizard Community at large Dragons offer?" "Their blood has twelve useful properties in Potions," Charlie said. "Although I can't remember what the hell they are. Potions was not my subject. Didn't like the teacher." "I hated Potions as well," Luna said. "Although the teacher had nothing to do with it, I personally always admired his intelligence and creativity." She had dipped into her bag and was about to bring out a scroll-pad and a quotes quill. Charlie looked around the Visitor's Room realising this was not the right setting for the interview. "Do you want to come to my office? I assure you it is much more comfortable there." Luna smiled weakly and picked up her bag. Shyly, she followed this man up the stairs. Luna observed the sweat practically dripping down his neck and onto his back. Surely that was uncomfortable? "Why are you sweating?" Luna asked. "Working with Dragons is hot work," Charlie answered. "Something to do with the fire they breathe. I'm used to it though, my mother when angry, resembles something of a fire breathing dragon." Luna laughed as the memories of Mrs Weasley entered her thoughts, she had great admiration for Molly, but still could agree with Charlie's fond assessment. If there was malice behind the statement, Luna would have bristled and showed the world why she was one of the strongest witches to come out of Hogwarts in decades, as it was said in love her response was a slight laugh. The witch recalled that, at Harry's and Ginny's wedding, the Twins played a prank on Ginny! The fury that erupted from the Weasley Matriarch was something best left to the imagination. The Twins, it was reported, were not able to sit down properly for a month. Charlie reached his office and he opened the door. "Here," he said. Gryffindor chivalry took over Charlie as he held the door open for her to walk in first and then he shut the door after his own entrance into the paper-strewn, disorganised office. Charlie was able to peruse the girl more carefully at close quarters. She had some reptilian quality about her, the way her eyes swung around her head reminiscent of a Lizard, and he found he was beginning to like her. He took in her body. It was not bad, at least she had some curves on her. The earrings, large dangling things shaped like goodness knows what, caused him to smile gently. She was weird all right, his type of weird. After a quick perusal, Charlie decided that now there was a fourth Witch he could add to the list. Luna, however, could not help but think that Hermione would have a field day in this Office. She smiled affectionately at the image of her super organised friend sort out the random piles of parchments into cabinets and folders and whatever else she did with bits of paper. She swung her goggly eyes around, amusement and mirth glittered through her pupils as she silently observed that the room did look remarkably