AN : I do not own any of the creatres or characters in this story. All are Trademarked by Warner Bros and JK Rowling. Not a penny is earned. Story Triggers : May-December relationships. POLY-FIC. Hermione Multi. Soul Mates. Pairings : Hermione with Severus/Antonin/Thorfinn/Remus. Harry/Ginny. Ron/Lavender. Fancast : Antonin Dolohov : Colin Farrell Remus Lupin : Ewan McGregor Narcissa Malfoy : Joely Richardson Veela Unexpected Initial Seduction "Class dismissed!" growled Snape. No one lingered long enough to incur more of his sour tasting wrath. It seemed that not all decided scampering was an option. Glancing up he noticed that the more tolerable of the Gryffindor's was malingering. Wincing slightly as she bent down to pick up her bag. In the course of the duel Miss Granger had, not only shed her outer robes, but her jumper also, showing the boys exactly what they were missing. It was that sight which had awakened something inside that he long since thought was dormant. Like a volcano he knew she would need to be claimed. Flushed cheeks, wild hair that he secretly loved and desired to grasp and unsteady breathing along with shining adrenalin-fuelled eyes caused restrictions in his lower body that was twitching and pulsing beneath his robes. Well, he smirked, he was not going to be teaching her much longer if the old goat was correct – and he had resisted temptation for his enforced career as a teacher. As this was not the first time he had fantasized about this particular Muggleborn this year, and it was only mid September. Decision made he cast silencing charms on his shoes and swooped behind her when her back was turned. Hermione felt his presence behind her and realised she was essentially trapped between him and the cabinets. Slowly, carefully, she pivoted on her heel and gulped when she saw the expression of raw desire present in his eyes. Somehow that caused her breasts to feel weightier than normal, her nipples taut beneath standard school blouse and definitely non-standard Teal satin front hook bra she was wearing underneath. Nipples visible through the sweat dampened white shirt. Lazily, his gaze swept down to her breasts now restrained just as his viper was inside him. Gulping, Hermione opened her mouth to speak only to have the words stuck in her throat as he swept his long fingers along her parted lips. "I am tired of fighting," he said to her. "It is exhausting to continually, and habitually, desire what one cannot have, do you not find?" He leaned in and breathed into her ear making her quiver down to her patent leather lace up shoes. "Hermione." Her name had never felt so forbidden before as it did that time he rumbled it into her delicate lobe. Gently sucking and nipping the curled edge. Once he reached the succulent flesh, he drew in the lobe with his teeth, tenderly he pulled and suckled like a babe does a teat. "Um, sir, is this..." "Shush, Hermione, you break rules for others, break one for me." Closing her eyes Hermione tried to resist this powerful, older man's seduction by unsuccessfully pushing him away. It did not help when that sinful voice, and those unlawful eyes were scorching her soul. Quivering with pleasure as she felt his large, capable hands grip onto her hips. His tantalising lips trailed long, open mouthed kisses down the column of her neck towards her shoulder. "Do not deny me, Hermione," he sighed against her throat as he tenderly sucked in the flesh in the dip of her collarbone. Hands had managed to untuck her blouse from her skirt so he could touch her warm, soft quavering flesh of her waist and stomach. NIMUE, she wanted to scream the moment flesh met flesh. "I'd be late..." "I'll write a note," Snape growled as he fisted her hair in his large strong hands. "I was in love once," he confessed. "A witch just like you. Bossy, interfering, but also like you, compassionate and beautiful." Hermione's eyes snapped open at that and willed for the strength to push him away from her – even she knew he'd thank her later for her rejection. Seduction was one thing but love meant he had been thinking about her for longer than she was comfortable with. Then he began massaging back and she was his to command. "Um okay, Pro-fess-ah!" his hand was now delving into her... blushing, Hermione wondered if he was thinking she was this other girl. "But sir, you do know I am not this person you loved, do you..." suddenly she felt his lips on hers as his tongue dominated her mouth. "I am well aware who you are, Hermione," he growled every syllable in his deep toned, Northern dialect that somehow did more to wet her knickers than before. "I am not using you to make me feel better or worse, I feel thousands type of crap all ready I just," he sighed as he cupped her face in his hands rubbing his thumbs under her eyes making her look at him: "I just need release, Hermione. I do not want a slag, or a victim. I just want some pleasure from a beautiful woman, or is that to be denied me too? I'm the big-hootered bat of the Dungeons. He sleeps in a coffin and hates garlic. Well," he pushed away from her and gazed into her confused expression as she took this for what it was. He did not want to be a Spy, Death Eater – heck he probably despised teaching and was told to teach the son of the boy he detested with a passion. "I happen to love Italian cooking when it is done well, garlic bread is a good staple for Italian dining. I despise mushrooms, I am Northern but was bullied into speaking like this by The Ultimate Sex God of all – Lucius Malfoy – who said my Mancunian tones set his teeth on edge. I eat carrots because it is true," he tilted his head, "they can help Magical folks see in the dark," Hermione looked from him to the door and realised that was a heartless thing to do. Snape needed someone to talk to – But why her? "I have always wanted a string of daughters with good hair, skin – I dreamed of them placed in Ravenclaw – I just wish I had someone who could see that I am not a... not a... a monster." He rushed his hands through his hair and watched with a certain detachment as he observed the locks slide between his fingers. "It is what I am though," he sighed slumping in a chair burying his face in his hands ready to cry. Slowly, Hermione walked to the door, pulled down the blind and placed a notice-me-not charm around the door frame. Cautiously, she approached the suddenly loquacious Professor. "Do you wish me to fetch Minerva, sir?" Shoulders shook and Hermione's heart broke over the sight of tears strolling down his face: "I see it in my head, every night, her death. I killed her, its all my fault. This is all my fault. Want to make things right but don't know what to do when we cannot resurrect the dead. I MURDERED HER GRANGER!" he threw a chair at the wall and it bounced of the wall in one piece with Hermione's quick thinking. "Whomever you did wrong too, sir, must have been so important for you to do all what you continue to do for us," she laid a shaking hand on his shoulder. "But seducing a student is not going to make you feel any better." Turning he gazed at her with tear filled eyes – Hermione wished she could drink his tears away for him. "Do you have any objections about sleeping with me, Miss Granger?" A hitch in her throat showed her true consideration. Did she? Well, obviously not as she was quite happy when his lips suckled, teased, and tasted her throat, ear and mouth. In fact she was so close to spreading her legs for him that she would have not had time to consider the whys and wherefores. "No," she sighed, "I do not think I would. In truth," she blushed. "Tell me," he teased. Slytherin on a pogo stick, Snape was flirting? Hermione shifted uncomfortably in her seat as she thought through her sexual history. She had already lost her virginity, long back to well... Then there was a Muggle boy eerily similar to Severus – even their names were similar – Steven Snape was her old friend. Snake boy, she called him, and he nicknamed her Foxglove. There was also that intelligent English Professor from a few streets down, about ten years older than her. Then, not her finest moment, one night with a somewhat suddenly friendly Theo Nott. Also, how could she forget two glorious months with... And, of course, her strange new choice in paramour. Could her older and darker choices have been leading up to this? "Um, I sort have had an older man before – a few older men actually." "Who were they?" Snape was looking for a handkerchief. Hermione bought out a packet of Kleenex and offered it to him. "To whom did you lose your virginity too?" The sudden change in atmosphere caused Hermione to wish that she had kept her mouth shut. There was nothing she could do to halt the blush that was delicately painting her neck, spattering down to her still straining un-satiated breasts. "ItwasSiriusBlack," she mumbled as she felt his onyx gaze on her. "Would you mind repeating that please?" Snape sneered."Slowly." Oh gods, she gulped: "I wanted to lose my virginity as I read about the first-time juices could be used as a protection charm extender and I was talking about it with Molly who said that her great grandmother's still around somewhere and can be used to protect still." "Slow down, Hermione, take a breath and calm down." Hermione nodded as her mile a minute story telling would end up with her in a faint on the floor. "Sorry," she smiled sheepishly. "Anyway. So, I started looking at the Order – out of the members there it was either Charlie, Fred, George, Sirius or Remus," her gaze fell down to her fingers twisting in a kind of invisible cats cradle. A few deep breaths were needed before she continued. Unaware of the slight colour change in his eyes. "I was pondering this then Sirius said he wanted to speak to me alone. It was just to make sure I was fine. I thought to myself that if anyone knows about wanting to protect it's him – so I decided to get a man's," Snape scoffed, Hermione glowered at him, "perspective. I confided in him my problem – he ranted, raved and threw his hands in despair at me – he was furious I had even picked up books from his library particularly the ones that dealt with blood wards. I reminded him that Lily saved Harry due to blood wards. He snarled at me that I was just a silly little girl trying to meddle in things I did not understand. Honestly," she rolled her eyes. "Then I rallied back: Well, if you're going to be that immature about what I wish to do to protect my parents then maybe I will ask someone else. Someone who may understand blood magic ..." here she took a deep breath. "You threatened him with me, did you not?" Shaking her head Hermione smiled mischievously: "Draco, actually." "Ah, right. Hit him in the family, yes?" "Precisely," she said, hooking a chair leg with her foot and dragged it next to Snape as she sat down. "Anyway, he said he would not do it with me – so I began what turned out to be a short seduction of Sirius Black." "I hope you were of age." "I