Disclaimer: I do not own the rights to Harry Potter or the rights to the song either. Both belong to far more talented people than I! Thank you Geekmom13 for beta-ing this for me, you're a doll. Triggers: May/December, Student/Teacher, Forbidden Love, Unrequited Love. I am hoping to keep this strictly SNAMIONE - Their relationship will develop pretty quickly in this story. It will need too. Other pairings are my Four OTPS: Molly/Arthur, Remus Lupin/Nymphadora Tonks, Harry Potter/Ginny Weasley and Neville Longbottom/Daphne Greengrass Always Is A Long Time Un Veiled Hello darkness, my old friend I've come to talk with you again Because a vision softly creeping Left its seeds while I was sleeping And the vision that was planted in my brain Still remains Within the sound of silence Simon and Garfunkel HOGWARTS : Thursday 31st October 1996 Have twenty years really passed since he uttered that one word that torn her away from him forever? Have 15 years truly passed since her death, brought on by his hands. Or, more precisely, his mouth? It must have been. He swirled his 36-year-old Fire-whiskey. Sent as a gift from Lucius on his last birthday. Of course, it was more of a bribe than a gift – to keep his sight blind as far as Draco was concerned. However, who was he to turn down a good four hundred galleons worth of alcohol? "Well," he tipped the glass to something unseen. "Twenty years, Lily," he sighed as he savoured another oaky sip. "Twenty bloody years since I lost you forever." "Severus!" A cheery voice emerged from his fireplace. Great, that is all he needs! A heart-to-heart with Albus Dumbledore. "Ah, a gift from your friend?" Trust Dumbledore to sniff out the booze: "Birthday gift," Severus sighed. "You are welcome to join in if you so wish." "Ah, I won't," Albus said. "Just a quick fire call to you – wondering if..." "No, Albus," Severus sighed rubbing the side of his head. "Draco has not yet revealed his plans to me. Clearly, he does not trust me as much as I once thought, your ploy of favouring my Snakes has not worked. I cannot inspire them into showing confidence in me any more than a third year Hufflepuff." "I had thought your position as a godfather would have cemented that faith in you more so than others." "Sorry to disappoint but Slytherins do not offer and accept prominent places of familial connections for reasons of sentimentality the way Gryffindors do." "The constant struggle of power is unhealthy, Severus," Albus sighed. He snorted, if that was not a hypocritical statement Severus did not know what was. Albus was in the predicament he was in because of a power struggle, mistrusted all Slytherins due to the folly of youth. Severus knew by now that it was easier if he kept his own council on this matter. Albus eyes lost their twinkle and he became melancholy in countenance. "A fine witch," he sighed. "I did know that, it was I who made her aware of the fact, it was I who lied to her." "No, Severus, you..." "She asked me if there was anything wrong in her not having magical parents and I said no – only for six years later to call her that most unforgivable of appellations." "Under..." "Don't you dare try to comfort me now when none was offered me then!" Albus sighed: "How I treated you..." "No Albus, I fight for you, I admire your brilliance. I cannot ever forgive you for telling me, as a frightened fifteen-year-old, that I would get expelled if I told people of Black's intent to murder me or turn me into a monster. Do not try to gloss over it now with platitudes of regret." Albus sighed and looked up at the young man, already weighed down with the responsibilities of someone twice his age. His hair hung down in hanks of grease and sadness. He felt even worse that it was partially him that had given the wizard whom he now looked upon as a son this unkind burden to bear. That he had always offered forgiveness in one hand and torment with the other. "Yes, Severus, you are right. It is a platitude – genuine – but a platitude nonetheless." With that, Albus left his fireplace, allowing him to wallow in misery and whiskey. The clock on the mantel chimed half eleven and decided to haul his sorry carcass off his tattered seat and get to bed so he can be fresh and grumpy the next day. He had dis-robed in his bedchambers and showered what dirt he could out of his body and hair. He hated his body. Awkward, gangly and thin as a youth. Wiry, lanky, and skeletal as a man. Nose too large. Fingers too spindly. Legs too long. Not to mention the criss-cross of scars littering his back, arms and torso. Even his tadger appeared as if it, along with his nose and fingers, had come from a box labelled spare parts. Hung like it was between his legs like an unwelcome piece of rope attached to his body. He trailed his fingers along his bruised and deformed chest and sighed as he met his reflection in the cracked mirror in his bathroom. "Who are we kidding Severus Snape," he mumbled. "Why would a Lothlorien Elfling like Lily want to touch an Ork like you? I am as the Hunchback desiring Esmeralda from afar." With a harshly whispered Nox he crawled into bed; naked, lonely and silently crying. He hummed a song that seemed to fit the situation of his state of mind. A song he and Lily used to sing on a spot underneath a tree. Her head resting on his shoulder. Their hands entwined. Fingers laced tightly together as they watched the odd canal barge chug by slowly. How they managed to in the murk of the water was beyond either of the children's comprehension. "Hello darkness my old friend..." He did not feel himself drifting off to sleep but he did. As was evident by the shock of waking up at the darkest part of the night, the odd time where dawn is battling her way through the velvet purple. Hogwarts seemed to be in thrall of an eerie argent glow blinding his sleep-addled brain. He looked at his watch, the only item he wore to bed and noticed the time to be 3am. His room was bathed in pure silver as an intense white light drowned the gloom, surrounding him in its glow. Tendrils of smoke wrapped around the posts of his bed. This was either a bloody powerful Patronus or he was dying. Neither seemed viable options, the whiskey was pure unadulterated. A Patronus could sometimes bathe you in its glory, envelop you in the happiness that created it, makes one feel special. This was why Death Eaters and those who were regular practitioners of Dark Arts found it hard to produce corporeal ones. Besides it was a charm not exactly practised amongst Death Eaters, it was considered one of those Light Magic spells. Even the Dark Lord, who despises the distinction between Light and Dark, afforded this spell the right to be known as Light magic, therefore not one of his 'comrades' boasted of being able to perform it. He was the only one that could because the Dark Lord understood that he needed to for Severus to be able to keep the Orders trust. Though even he did not know what form it took and the most precious, guarded memories that were used to conjure it. No, he surmised, this definitely did not have the feeling of a Patronus. He watched as the light took form. "No!" he gasped. "NO! IS THIS A NEW TORTURE!" The silvery glow became distinct by shimmering hues of colour. Green orbs glowed from wide, beautiful eyes. An equally generous mouth wearing plum coloured lipstick, curved in a kind smile. Wavy red tresses ebbed and flowed behind her as she descended upon him like some sort of a vision of seraph used to imbue a sense of guilt. "What the...?" he gasped. The woman sighed: "Hello Severus," she greeted. "My old friend." Severus gulped. The woman before him. No. It cannot be, the one he had been mourning. "Lily?" he questioned. "Hello Sev," she smiled again and this time made sure he knew she was there by sitting beside him on the bed. "This may take some time to explain." "May?" She laughed. How his heart ached. He had not heard that laugh since he was sixteen. "Fine, this does , happy now you pedantic grump!" "That is rather a contradiction is it not, Lily? One cannot be happy and a grump at the same time." "Did not contest the ' pedantic ' though!" Severus grimaced: "Snarky, grease-ball, bat. Those are the terms that are polite for your ears." Lily rolled her eyes: "You did not used to be this sensitive to what I might hear." "I said sorry!" he said crossing his arms petulantly. "I did not mean that..." Lily sighed. "Goddess knows you have suffered enough without me bringing up such a petty..." "I behaved abominably to you that day and for many days after." The vision leaned over and swiped a hand across his brow. A whisper of a move that meant the world to him. He turned chary eyes at her and still could not believe she was there smiling and offering him comfort. "You have more than made up for it Severus. Many times more," she said. "I am aware it was you that passed the information of the prophecy but the ultimate betrayal should be lain squarely at Pettigrew's door, not yours. You have saved my son time and again. You have looked out for him in little ways as well as big. Why you persist in only allowing him to see the worst of you, I do not know. Pettigrew killed Cedric Diggory. A nice young man, he and I get on really well. James hates it when Ced and I talk. No marriage in the afterlife, Sev. We can have all sorts of fun on Olympus." "You're drifting from the point, dearest." "Oh right, sorry." Then she giggled: "No need to be jealous dear. Your chance will be revealed. You can have fun now . Why don't you?" "Don't I, what?" "Have fun?" "Oh yes, I will clear up some time in my busy schedule of not dying to accomplish – fun !" he shuddered at the last word. Lily rolled her eyes and sat back further on his bed: "All right," she sighed. "So, why do you persist?" "Why do I persist in what, Lily?" he forgot conversations with Lily could induce a headache. He enjoyed them but not at the witching hour after a hard day's teaching. "Be concise, please?" "Sorry, why do you not want to show Harry how good, kind and sweet you are?" Severus felt himself blush and look down on the bedsheets. Lily thought he was sweet and good? Blessed fates, he sighed. Why this exquisite torture? Lily was waiting beside him for an answer. "Because I will die – he will have one less person to mourn." Lily shook her head and entwined her fingers in his hands as her head rested on his shoulder, not able to keep the spite out of her tone when she spoke next. "I hate what they make you do, you know. Lord Voldemort and Albus Dumbledore!" "I do so due to my own choices." "No, you do so because you have done nothing but loathe yourself for youthful errors. Not looking forward and seeing benefits to a future." He held up his forearm: "I am marked for Death, Lily. I have no future. Not one I desire." "You could do so. That is what I am here for." "Only you can come from beyond and