Disclaimer : I do not make money from writing this story. I do, however, accept cookies and pancake recipes x Châteaux Lestrange Thank you for the ever wonderful Vino Amore , who loves my Lestrange brothers. AN : I seem to be Poly Amorous – or that is to say, I like Hermione to be with more than one man, she is far too curious a creature to be stuck to the same man, unless he is really truly special. So, I wonder who, out The Lestrange brothers, Kingsley Shacklebolt, Lucius Malfoy, Severus Snape and Lord Voldemort is special enough to be the final winner? I would also recommend you listen to Tam Lin, the song is the main inspiration for this story. I will be making several references to it. I love this song. Inspired Songs : Fairport Convention; Tam Lin, and Duran Duran's; Violence of Summer. Fancasts: Rabastan Lestrange : Tom Hiddleston Rodolphus Lestrange : Rufus Sewell Kingsley Shacklebolt : Paterson Joseph Narcissa Malfoy : Joely Richardson Handsome Lord Voldemort : Aiden Turner She will turn me in your arms, into a newt or a snake, but hold me tight and fear not, I am your babies father, And they will turn me in your arms into a lion bold, But hold me tight and fear not, for you will love our child. Tam Lin to Janet. ( Instructions on how to thwart the Fairy Queen ) Fairport Convention – Traditional Story. Curiouser and Curiouser Still shell shocked by the events of the blunder that was the worst thought out rescue mission that was ever undertaken in the history of humankind, Hermione's parents were close to forcefully evicting her from the Wizarding World all together, citing it as: 'Too dangerous for nice young girls to be part of!' her father said that. Her mother remained tight-lipped her eyes, eerily resembling Snape's when he was furious, had said nothing on the matter. They may have welcomed her magic with open arms, allowed some people from her world into their home, even corresponding with Molly Weasley on a regular basis to find out the real story behind what their secretive daughter fails to explains, or conveniently omits or avoids to discuss with them. If she came home with severe injuries, she'd just say: The stairs are enchanted and I missed my footing due to stress . Molly, on the other hand, would be the one to tell them that their daughter rode a horse only visible to those who had seen death, from Scotland to London. Foolishly following her friends into a trap laid out by the Dark Lord. Yes, they knew the real truths of her extra curricular adventures and were not best pleased by what their flesh and blood was becoming. Their child they had worked so hard to get, the only chance of being parents they had, treating their sacrifices as if they were nothing broke their hearts. All for following a mere boy into not one, not even two, but at least four dangerous adventures. Leaving her almost strangled by a plant, killed by a magic snake, rescuing a known convict on the back of a flying hippocampus type creature, and subject to a teacher who abused a quill that magically drew their princess' own blood from her veins. To write lines was fair enough, but for the ink to be extracted by their life-force. They had almost sued the Magical Government for allowing their princess to be scarred for life. No, it was safe to say that Helen and Alexander Granger were not happy with their witch daughter and wished she could have been in Slytherin when they found out it was the only house in the school that kept themselves to themselves and desired nothing more than to learn and be the best. It was also safe to say that neither liked Albus Dumbledore. "What kind of adult-in-charge allows children, children ," Helen screeched one day to her husband, "to fight his battles for him?"Adding that: "If he was the one that the almighty Dark Lord was so afraid of why the hell did he not do something about it himself, with his band of qualified adult vigilantes?" It was not as if they had fierce objections – and they could not use the excuse: That Potter boy is distracting you from your studies ; for their daughter was likely to be class Valedictorian. Also they could not use the excuse that: It would be safer if we can find another school to send you too. The French one sounds nice, and you know, we have relatives in France... Because the Wizarding War was just as real in France as it was in Britain. As for the the French Relative... Hermione shuddered... Cousin Marie . Hermione hated Cousin Marie. She really was a third cousin to her father. Old. Wrinkled. Smelled disgustingly of lavender and ammonia with the added aroma of ancient, heavy powdery make-up making her choke. She needed her nose for Potions, so she did not wish to be near her for any length of time. What freaked Hermione out the most as a small girl was Marie's insistence on sporting a vicious red shade of lipstick that blurred into the wrinkles surrounding her thin mouth, resembling painted dried streamlets of blood on her chin. Another reason Hermione was frightened of her Cousin Marie, was the old bats choice of pets, for she kept budgerigars and parakeets. Scaring her when they swooped into Hermione's hair and tried to take clumps out. All Cousin Marie did was laugh as she watched the young girl battle, screeching out with terror whilst the avians pecked and scratched at her. A situation that took Hermione awhile to overcome from. If she was not so afraid of failure above all, her boggart would have been a flock of birds nipping at her flesh. It was this continual experience that made her hate broomsticks, flying horses, and anything else to do with being up in the air. That thestral ride was not her favourite experience in all her short life as an official witch. Now, she could add skull tattoos to the long list of things to be careful of. So the Granger's finally decided to take a holiday: Away from Magic, away from Dentistry, away from the Potter boy, and the red headed crew of miscreants... Well, Helen conceded, not all of them. Molly was a wonderful source of information and they swapped baking recipes all the time, Molly even giving Helen some literal Magic Ingredients that made food taste even better. She also liked the little girl. Ginevra was a lovely and unusual name, whenever Hermione spoke of Ginny, Helen smiled warmly. It was nice to know that in the magical world size nor sex determined strength of character or ability. Alexander found himself itching to write to this Professor Snape – he was sure he could commandeer the man to sell some potions to help incredibly nervous patients sit in the chair so he could do his job without making people cry, but Hermione strongly advised against that idea, much to her father's chagrin. So it was that now the Granger's – including Crookshanks – excluding Cousin Marie, (who was to come but had, ironically, caught a strain of bird flu), was in the hospital. Something dark in Hermione chuckled at the thought of her fowl loving relative ill with something relating to them. Her father's choice of vacation was the Channel Islands, more specifically, Jersey. This location was chosen due to the fact that her father's favourite TV show was recorded here and it was as far south as they were allowed to go with a cat. They shut up shop for a month, Hermione was given permission by Albus Dumbledore and the new Minister for Magic, Rufus Scrimgeour – to take her wand with her – only being allowed to use it in dire circumstances. Hermione agreed with great alacrity – she was nearly 17, so she felt that she should be allowed to test her education so close to it. What she did not know was that she was being watched over by various Order members. Kingsley offered more than most, and even stranger to most members of the Order, Professor Snape himself volunteered to look after her. Causing Albus to twinkle merrily to himself. Hermione did not want to spend a month just sitting on a beach, she had better ideas. The island was filled with history, both magical and muggle, armed with her Magical camera – her wand keeping up a rough bun in her hair – and Crookshanks faithfully following her around, Hermione decided a little trip around was infinitely more preferable than staring at the slow tide. Wearing sensible shoes, tied to her feet as tightly as possible, in a pair of light beige linen shorts, a white cotton t-shirt with a lace-up front, nicely displaying her full and pert breast. Walking slightly hunched due to a backpack filled with water, sketch-pads and pencils to find areas to draw. CD Player, headphones, replacement batteries, CDs and money in case she needed to buy some food. Hermione set about exploring the island whilst her mother was reading a Mills and Boon on the beach and her father swam in the sea. She was also wearing a beige cotton hat, Dolce and Gabbana sunglasses and had a spare bottle of sun protection. Panting, Hermione crested a hill and stopped to admire the view. She picked up her camera and took several panoramic views. Then she began to look for somewhere to sit. Eventually, her gaze rested on a sandstone step to sit on. Hermione took out her CD player – placed Duran Duran's album Big Thing in the machine, hooked the headphones over her head, before taking out her sketching materials. Nodding at the odd passers-by, fellow tourists who were similarly inclined to Hermione. Fellows that belonged to the school of thought that believed one should actually explore the place they spent money to visit rather than sitting on some boring beach becoming pork crackling under the unforgiving heat of the golden sun. She continued to sketch as the album played. When it stopped she took a glug of water and swapped CDs same band but different album. This one called Liberty . Not even aware at times of humming along, loving how appropriate the first track was. Heart sped up. Violence of Summer began to play. Tapping her pencil to the beat. "So what man I still want to play play play oooooh aaaaah... Ooh a one two..." Crookshanks sat by her side daring the other bi-peds to make fun of his mistress. Personally, he thought she was perfect, no one else can have her. His scowl even made a little girl cry which made Hermione roll her eyes. The light began to change, and Hermione wanted to find something to eat. The road still twisted and wound into the country side, and Hermione felt that was too far from her parents to go safely away into. Yet, surely they would not begrudge her some shade, perhaps there is a shop to buy food. Stopping the CD she wrapped the headphone cord back around the player and placed it neatly in her bag, along with her sketching equipment. Another long glug of water and Hermione was back on her feet and began walking further along to get some shade before the punishing walk down. Again, Crookshanks trotted along after her, showing the world that cats can be just as, if not infinitely more, loyal than dogs. The Order of the Phoenix member who followed her began to scowl as they recognised where her feet would eventually take her, but he could not say anything otherwise she would feel betrayed by Dumbledore, who said it was fine for her to use some magic before her 17th birthday. A foolish promise,