AN: JK Rowling and Warner Bros owns all rights to Harry Potter, and I do not earn a single penny from writing this fanfiction. Thank you Vino Amore for looking this over x Story Triggers: Rape. Mind Control. Underage. Teen pregnancies. Racism. Obsession. Adultery. Pairings: Pairings: Hermione/Severus, Hermione/Amycus (non con), Horcrux Tom/Hermione, Neville Longbottom/Daphne Greengrass, Ronald Weasley/Lavender Brown. One sided Dean Thomas/Hermione Granger. Kingsley Shacklebolt/Narcissa Malfoy. Evil Is Too Strong A Word! Aphrodite's Moon Hermione laid in bed at night. Frantically tossing and turning, twisting the sheets around her legs. Sleep was as elusive to her as were the rules of Quidditch. Fed up, she got out of bed and walked down to the Common Room. Wrapped herself up in a red jumper she had discarded earlier, by the dying embers of the fire, contemplating the events since the Wedding. The plan was that she leave with Harry and Ron but, somehow, they had grabbed Remus in the confusion and it was too dangerous for the plan to carry on. So Remus was now part of the mission. Still, she shuddered, it could have been worse. It could have been little Gabrielle. Hermione realised she loved the shy French girl more than she did the older, brasher sister. It had been months since Dumbledore's death. Months since she had last seen Harry. She sighed wanting to talk to someone. Anyone. She shook her head as she witnessed the return of Umbitch as Headmistress – with teaching Muggle Studies dorm by dorm once a week. Lessons in how ugly, worthless, and disgusting they were. She held tightly to Dean's hand during this weekly poisonous diatribe. Also, there was a new Death Eater in Hogwarts, Professor Amycus Carrow. He made her shudder, for he tended to lick his lips lasciviously whenever he looked at her, which was often enough to make her want to throw up. Both she and Ginny had stuck close to boys in their year to be safe. Seamus and Dean had replaced themselves as her bodyguards. Due to all three having Muggle upbringing they got on like a house on fire. Harry had sent her his invisibility cloak so that she could walk around the castle at night, go into the library to swot up on the Horcruxes, what other founders artefacts could be used, something that she did often. She crept back up to the Dorm room. Silently making her way to her bed and knelt down by the Ottoman that she kept it in. Cautiously, she took it out and admired the magic that went into making this fine cloak. She had told no one that she was guardian of this item as it wasn't any of their damned business. Smiling to herself, she wrapped it around her body and snuggled into its warmth. There was always one place she went when she was especially restless. That was the Astronomy tower. The scene of that most auspicious of crimes in modern history. She climbed out of the portrait hole and made her way to the Astronomy tower. She walked around the school avoiding Filch and Mrs Norris with expert ease. Dodging in alcoves and shrinking in the shadows; she did this because she wasn't certain of Mrs Norris ability to see through the cloak. She opened the heavy oak door carefully so as not to alert attention; she had become adept at this also. As she started winding her way up the sloping well-worn stone steps of the castle, Hermione thought about how many famous Wizards and Witches that must have placed their feet here before her, it humbled her in some way. Once she reached the top of the Astronomy tower she touched the cold stone walls and laid her face against their coolness of the October night air. The damp, earthy smell, mixed with the scent of autumnal night relaxed her deeply. The silver sickle shaped moon hung like a brooch in the sky. Illuminating little; stars surrounded the moon sparking like sequins on dark velvet dress. The clouds scudded eerily across the sky, the top half of them silvered by the light of the moon. "If walls could talk, eh?" she whispered. "Indeed, if they could talk, Miss Granger." Said a voice behind her. She spun around, the cloak falling off her face and shoulders, as she moved. She was face-to-face with Severus Snape. "S-Sir?" she stammered. Hermione still respected him. Standing by her conviction to Harry that Professor Snape was not completely evil. However, this did not stop her from trembling in fear as she slowly backed into the wall. "What are you doing here?" As soon as she asked the question she regretted it, as he fixed her with his cold black eyes. He looked truly in his element. "Why not?" he smirked a little at the obvious fear she was displaying. Hermione looked down on the floor; she found her feet to be interesting all of a sudden. Refusing to look up even when she found them standing toe to toe. Professor Snape tilted her chin up with his long slender finger and rubbed his thumb along her lips. "You've grown since I last saw you, Miss Granger," he said. "Hmm, you've grown indeed." She scowled at him; and he chuckled. "You're not going to tell me off for being here?" "No," he said. "What right do I have?" there was a self-mocking edge to his tone. He was still supporting her chin with his finger. Forcing her to keep her gaze centred to his eyes. As fathomless as the dark depths of the sea. "Especially now that my employment here has been terminated." "Well killing your employer certainly wouldn't make you employee of the year, sir!" she replied edgily. He laughed; it was a cold humourless laugh devoid of real mirth. "I don't think I would have wanted that. It would have ruined my reputation." "It's not a laughing matter," she replied with a slight pout to her lower lip. "You were the one that came up with the joke, Miss Granger. Believe it or not Slytherins do have a sense of humour." "I don't know what to believe," Hermione said truthfully. "Especially when it comes to you." Severus looked at her and smiled. "I don't intend to be one of those shallow people you can work out instantly." "No," Hermione sighed. "I suppose not." He tilted his head to one side examining her briefly. "I'm glad you're here, I need someone semi-intelligent to talk to," he admitted. Hermione's jaw would have dropped at that compliment had he not been holding it so strongly. She had to show her confusion with her eyes. "Yes, Miss Granger," he inched his face closer to hers, they could feel each other's breath mingling between them. "I consider you to be semi-intelligent." He took his finger away from her chin and walked away with his back turned. Tensing his shoulders as he gripped hold of the sides of the parapet of the wall. Fiercely, he clung to the stone. Hermione worried that his skin would bleed as his knuckles turned ghostly white. Shame overtook him as he tiredly hung his head down, lanky hair covered his profile. So immersed was he in the night, that were it not for his pale hands, she could not have told the difference between man and sky. She walked up to the edge and stood beside him just quietly looking out into the night sky. "Hogwarts is beautiful," she breathed eventually to break the silence between them. "I can understand why Voldemort wants it so much." Snape turned around so sharply that his hair flew and landed across his face. Hermione had the sudden urge to sweep it away with her hand, especially the few hanks that landed across his sensual mouth and nose, but held back as she didn't think it would be appreciated. "Don't say his name!" he hissed. "I'm not afraid of him, sir," she replied with a calm shrug. "What he can do to me is what anyone else can." "Is that what you think? Others have the gift of mercy; he doesn't." "That's probably why I am not afraid," she answered. "I fear Lucius Malfoy more than Voldemort because Lucius does have the gift of mercy; yet he chooses not to use it. That is something to be feared. A villain with a heart." Snape furrowed his brow. She was still looking out over Hogwarts and now she was resting her hand on her chin. The moon shone on her face giving her flesh an otherworldly glow. Her hair was a messy fountain of unruly curls cascading down her back in a tangled heap that was perfect for his hands to grip onto whilst... regretfully shaking that thought out of his head before he put it into action. Some of it was covering her sweet profile. Severus couldn't stand that. Tenderly, he brushed aside some wayward tendrils and tucked them neatly behind her ear. She closed her eyes as she felt his fingertips brush against her skin. "Why are you here?" she asked eventually. "To make some sense of it all," he replied. His entire attention was captivated by her determined gaze staring out over the parapet. Even he realised that she had grown up to be quite a strong beauty, the timeless beauty, the sort of beauty artists could never capture and poets would waste reams of paper on. He mused over an unthinkable possibility. What was it like to kiss her? She pouted her lower lip and jutted her jaw out slightly. She was no longer a child. Here stood a woman. A womanly neck stretched to catch a slight breeze to heighten the red stain on her cheeks. A neck that Severus wanted to stroke and lick with his lips and tongue. He folded his arms across his chest, leaning his hip against the rail, as he contemplated her. They weren't so different as he had tried to pretend all these years. She was what he would be were he female, or worse, Gryffindor! "You're beautiful," Severus sighed aloud without intending to. She snapped out of her pensive reverie and looked at her companion blinking back her surprise. "What did you say?" she gasped. "Nothing," Severus said. It was the usual clichéd response recovery. "You said something," she said. "What was it?" Tightly he gripped the side of the wall with one of his hands. Petulantly kicking stones about as he stubbornly looked down on the floor. Hermione was strongly reminded of Harry when she questioned him about whether he had done his homework or not. The urge to giggle as he spoke, admitting quite churlishly, that he thought she was beautiful. Hermione's eyes softened. She stepped up to him and raised a hand to his cheek and stroked under his eye with the pad of her thumb causing him to look into her eyes. "You're not bad looking yourself," she said. He leant into her hand and placed his lips in the centre of the palm of her gentle hand. Gripped her wrist as if his life depended on it. Clutching hold of her hand as he fell down to the floor bursting out into floods of tears. The hand that was holding the wall slipped off and landed on the floor limply by his side. Hermione looked around biting her lip uncertainly, wondering what could happen if Mrs Norris caught whiff of this. Her uncertainty gave way to compassion. Studying prepared one for exams; it did not prepare one to deal with a crying, broken, adult man who had murdered Albus Dumbledore. "I didn't want to do it," he sniffed. Charily, she stepped closer to him. Tentatively, Hermione started stroking his hair, combing through the lanky locks with her fingers, consoling him best she could. Eventually, she wrapped her hands around his head and held him close to her body. Needing more comfort, Severus turned his face