AN: I do not own the world of Harry Potter or the characters therein. I do not own a penny from the writing of this story. The fancast for characters are as they are in the movie except for: Narcissa - Joely Richardson, Kingsley Shacklebolt - Paterson Joseph, Daphne Greengrass - Georgia Henley. Other characters will be fancast as they come into play. Beta love goes to Vino Amore , for checking this through quickly. Pairings : Harry Potter/Ginny Weasley; Charlie Weasley/Luna Lovegood; George Weasley/Angelina Johnson; Neville Longbottom/Daphne Greengrass. Narcissa Malfoy/Kingsley Shacklebolt; Remus Lupin/Nymphadora Tonks. The rest to be revealed as the story progresses. Hermione's main interest is Lucius but there will be others vying for her attention. Chivalric Rites "The play's the thing wherein I'll catch the conscience of the king". Hamlet Quote (Act II, Scene II). The Rite Direction Act 1 Scene 1 Heat beat down on the field the Weasley family owned for centuries. A marquee was being set up in the heart of it. Held up with a mixture of pins in the ground and strong sticking charms. The noise and the bustle was starting to give Hermione a headache. She sat on the stool staring into the mirror in Ginny's bedroom whilst the red head was brushing her hair. Silently, Ginny called some hair curlers over. Rolling her eyes, Hermione smiled in the mirror, Ginny returned with an impish one of her own. "You know that your hair will become an afro in this heat if I do not use a combination of rollers and sleakeaze," Ginny began setting Hermione's hair, making sure to pin the rollers in place. "Fleur's a real Bridezilla, I think she thinks you are not caring enough of the leetle deetails ," they giggled over their sister-in-law's accent. "I tried to tell her that you were busy granting estates to unknown members of Death Eater families so they do not fall into disrepair. Guess what her reply was?" Hermione sighed. True, Ginny and Fleur were getting on better with each other than they had in the past but there was still that small echo of insecurity in Ginny that Harry was still in the thrall of the Veela within the beautiful Witch. Anyone with eyes could see that Ginny's worries were fruitless. Not only was the Chosen One a good vanquisher of villains, he was also extremely chivalrously loyal to Ginny. If a Witch so much as suggested he stray he would order them away from his person in a strangely good impression of Professor Snape. Hermione had no such worries. Ron was the best and had not mentioned or drooled in the French Witch's' presence any more. "No but I guess you are going to tell me?" " Ermione is extra-ordineerily cleever, but she 'as to realise zat er wedding day is important, moreso than Land Rights! " "Let her and your mother be, Ginny, honestly I am glad they are having the time of their lives organising this wedding. Planners, schedules, deadlines – I can deal with – but this sort of thing I cannot. I love Fleur and Molly," Hermione smiled softly, and she did. It was interesting that she now had an older sister, a gaggle of brothers, and a younger sister. All because of her wonderful husband-to-be. Ginny had finished setting Hermione's hair. "So, what now?" Smiling, Ginny picked up her nails and was about to start buffing and filing them when Narcissa entered into the room. As soon as the war was over she and Lucius amicably split up. It did not take long for Narcissa to pin her arm through another of more power than the last. Kingsley Shacklebolt – the Minister for Magic – the most successful in centuries, was the lucky man to own and love her. She handed over their beautiful baby girl to Ginny. "Oh, Hermione," she gushed, "you are going to look so beautiful standing there." Hermione was still uncertain over this woman. True it had been four years since that day – and Narcissa had made considerable strides in reconciling herself – reinventing her persona. Aiding in charity work. Abetting in getting some of Hermione's proposals through to the stuffy shirted Wizengamot. Acquiescing funds to set up a home for orphans of war. All under her new husband's name. Narcissa Shacklebolt soon found themselves pregnant within a year of their marriage. Little Regina Adhara was sleeping peacefully in Ginny's arms. Ginny, like Molly, was a natural Earth mother and a smile spread across the young girls lips as she fell into a dream of what hers and Harry's children would look like. "Ginevra," Narcissa said. It was a bone of contention that the blonde aristocrat refused to call the younger woman Ginny. It was not just her though. She referred to everyone by their full and, in Narcissa's own words, appropriate names. "Please take Regina to her bassinet." Should I curtsy whilst I am at it, Ginny thought as she scowled mutinously, glaring distrustfully at Narcissa. So what, one lie to the Dark Lord, does not a heroine, make, Narcissa! "Sure," Ginny mumbled. "I need not remind you, Ginevra, that I am powerful in the arts of Occlumency and Legilimency, you would do well to keep your immature opinions to yourself," Narcissa said primly. "There is no need for you to treat me as an enemy. I was invited by your friend here," an elegant hand indicated Hermione who squirmed and shifted in her seat. "I think it wise that you do not partake in this conversation. Not all things ought to be shared between friends, and not all secrets are sinister." Ginny sighed; "Yes, Narcissa." Then she left the room taking the gorgeous baby with her. Narcissa sighed and rubbed her forehead as she turned to look at Hermione. She sat down with all the grace of a Queen on Ginny's unmade bed. After a little rearranging of her skirts, her hands clasped on her lap, stiffening her spine making sure her hauteur as Pureblood Slytherin showed. Hermione wondered how one did not end up with permanent back ache from that posture. "May I be candid, Hermione?" Though she could not quite arch an eyebrow the way Severus could, Hermione still managed an imperious gesture with her right brow: "Of course, Narcissa," she answered. "There are couples I comprehend, others I do not," Narcissa said. "I understand Arthur and Molly. I see how William and Fleur are happily bonded. I even see the picture my niece makes with..." saying his name hurt Narcissa. No one knew that Remus was her first love. A love never requited or welcomed by Remus. "Remus," she let out with a slight shuddering breath with the effort of holding back the lump in her throat, an action not unnoticed by Hermione. "I also see George and Angelina, and I definitely think Ginevra and Harry will make a wonderful couple." Hermione understood what Narcissa was trying to say: "Though you do not comprehend Ron and I?" "No," Narcissa sighed. "I do not. I know he cares for you, I also know you are extremely fond of him but," Narcissa reached out for Hermione's hand and tenderly stroked the back of Hermione's knuckles, "I was highly fond of Lucius, yet it was not enough. I have a difficult confession to make, Hermione." The younger witch looked back up into Narcissa's eyes. The woman's intentions were well-meant, so Hermione nodded: "Please, make it," she said. "A problem shared..." "Quite," Narcissa's beautifully shaped mouth curved into a corner, "I was not, nor ever have been, in love with Lucius. We were not even arranged. As you are aware, Lucius is older than me by some seven years," Hermione listened attentively, she was always a good listener. She had known for awhile that Narcissa was actually the same age as her cousin Sirius, almost to the day. "Lucius was originally contracted out to Andromeda," hmm, Hermione had not known that before. She was aware that it would not be wise not to interrupt. Knowledge was better said by the person who lived through, or understood, the minutiae of things: "When she ran off with Edward Tonks a Hufflepuff," the words that were not said floated between them in the air. They ghosted around the heads of the two women setting the atmosphere to another level of awkwardness not felt between them before: And a Muggleborn , silently left the lips of Narcissa, silently heard by Hermione. "Lucius was devastated. He was actually in love with her!" Hermione blinked. The idea of Lucius and Andromeda actually made a great deal of sense. "When that failed there was some other woman from his local village. A Muggle who consequently rejected him." Wow, this was definitely new information. Nervously, Hermione glanced at the clock, chewing her lower lip. So, Lucius was spurned by a Muggle. No wonder he hates them. Another concern entered her mind. Ginny will be back soon, she was sure of it. "Please, Narcissa, is there..." "Yes, my dear, but one must have salient facts to comprehend the entire discussion," Hermione nodded again. It was shocking her how she could automatically agree with this woman. "Abraxas Malfoy decided then to bid for Bellatrix, you can see how that went down with both of them," Hermione shuddered at the thought, Narcissa's lips quirked up at the corners again in the ghost of a smirk, "quite how my ex felt," she said. "The tantrum he threw is still talk amongst the portraits to this day. It was the epic equivalent of a toddler throwing his toys out of the pram, and sulked for days." "Wow," Hermione let out a little giggle as she pictured a teenaged Lucius having a hissy fit over who and who not to marry. "Oh believe me, Bellatrix was doing just the same her end I can assure you," Narcissa said. "Though she was even more furious when she found out he'd reject her for a muggle and screeched about it for days on end." "You cannot tell me she was in love with Rodolphus?" "No," Narcissa sighed sadly. "The Dar... Tom," she hesitated on saying the Dark Lord, as that was only said by true supporters, not lukewarm ones like her. "Bella's heart was captured as soon as she first laid eyes on Tom, you must remember before he was 'killed' the first time, he was nothing short of angelic in his handsomeness." Hermione lowered her lashes: "I have seen pictures of him – I cannot say that I myself would have been impervious to his charms." "No, he was expert at getting people to do what he wanted them to do, without the use of the Imperius hex." "I can sort of feel pity for Bellatrix," Hermione sighed. "It would drive anyone insane to love someone for so long who had no capacity or wish to love back – then to be foisted off onto another man who must have disliked her intensely." "Severus is right about you," Narcissa said. "You are truly remarkable. It takes someone of strength to feel pity and remorse over an enemies death." "Was Bellatrix ever loved?" This met by a sad shake of the head: "Our father believed in children should be seen and not heard, my mother was too busy in spending a fortune on gowns, organising balls. A surly Governess raised us with the help of House Elves," Narcissa dabbed her eyes at the corner, "Dobby was mine, actually, before Lucius decided I was too soft with him. Dobby would not have betrayed me the way he did Lucius," Hermione lowered her head in sad remembrance for the bravest House Elf that ever existed. "Enough sentiment," with speed that made Hermione dizzy, Narcissa was back to the Queen she was. "I had my own heart taken. I did not want to be married to Lucius, at 11 I preferred to look upon another. A