AN : JK Rowling created the world... we mess with it. A NOT for Profit story. All rights to the world belong to JK Rowling, Bloomsbury and Warner Bros. Pairings : Lily Multi BUT is mainly Snily. Other pairings to be decided. Hermione/Avery Information : Finbar Avery is my own creation in as much as speculating on his character that was mentioned in Snape's Worst Memory. A little background: His cousin is Seamus mother... Fancasts: Finbar Avery : Gabriel Byrne Barty Crouch Jr : David Tennant (as in the film cast) Lily Evans : Karen Gillan Fenrir Greyback : Idris Elba (many people have him as Kingsley but his voice is wolflike for me.) Lucius Malfoy : Nick Rhodes Narcissa Malfoy : Dakota Blue Richards Severus Snape : Alan Rickman (no one else can be him) Lord Voldemort : Aiden Turner A Chimerical Flame Hasty March 1979 It may be the start of Spring but it was still winter, fresh bitter chill winds whipped against her cheeks. As the wind sprung up causing her flesh to pimple the young woman wrapped arms around herself trying to control her inner sob. Stupid, she cursed herself, so idiotic. What were you thinking? Why were you so upset in the first place? Did it matter when you had not spoken to... him ... for three years now. There was history there. Hearts did not stop beating – they broke – all she ever wanted, desired, was the man that was her best friend. It took her a full year before she finally agreed to go on a date with James. A bit of cockiness seemed to be slapped out of him, finally making him a boy she felt she could offer her heart too. That was all James was, even now, a boy. Lily wanted a man. Serious, protective, kind, intelligent, powerful wizard. Unfortunately, she sighed, his name was Severus Snape. Then two days past, she overheard the most disgusting conversation between her fiancé and friends. Well, his ever joined at the hip mate Sirius Black, the slightly creepy hero worshipping Pettigrew and Remus. Dear, sweet Remus; whom she actually did have a crush on, and tried to gain his attention during their Sixth Year. However, he wouldn't bite her apple of temptation and she gave up. Since the only other Wizard that showed any romantic interest in her was Severus she fell back on James. Causing a gust of sighs in the Gryffindor Common Room of relief. They dated merrily all throughout their 7th Year, and at Graduation, James knelt in front of the whole school and secured a Promise from her. How could she say no? Everyone thought she blushed bright red from joy – it was not. Embarrassment did not even begin to cover how she felt at being proposed to in front of the entire population of the most prestigious magic schools in the world. At Christmas, they made it official through the Wizarding version of the banns. The date was meant to be June but – for some reason, James decided, without her say so, to publish the date of their oncoming nuptials. Today, rather, tonight was the 22nd of March. A Thursday. A cold, damp shiver inducing Thursday. Here she was sitting against a strange tree, in a darkening forest, in her party gear from her hen night – curling against the gnarled root of an old oak – nothing but a useless muggle without her wand. Dark red hair fanned out behind her. An obscene contrast against the bank of albine snow, sullied by the earth of damp ground beneath. Tears becoming icicles under her lid. Why did she run? No, she comprehended that quite clearly, no; the real question she asked herself was: Why did her Apparition not take her to Spinners End? Why this bleak nowhere? The woods thankfully offered her some warmth due to the cluster of trees in this particular grove. Tears fell. She felt betrayed by all she knew. Lily desired to see the one person who she could rely on. Severus had tried several times to apologise for his actions on that fateful day. The last time was the last day of school. Half an hour before the Last Feast. Before the grand and so-called romantic proposal. Surely, she should have gone to McGonagall – see what she knew of what the three Marauders were making clowns out of themselves for? Why could she not go to someone sensible. A known location. Suddenly, she heard voices on the edge of the copse of bushes hiding her. "Still moping, Severus?" "I know Lily," the voice of her friend. Deeper than she remembered. More self-assured. Elocution lessons the pompous blond millionaire no doubt forced upon him to fit in with his crowd. Lily much preferred his Mancunian brogue. "She was mortified when Potter proposed." "You still on that?" Lily's ears perked up. That was Avery. Finbar Riordan Quinn Avery to be exact. Dark in nature as well as looks. Charily, Lily peeped through the spindly branches to see Severus, her friend, proudly standing with blood splatters on his otherwise pale face. Lucius Malfoy as imperious as ever with his blond hair splayed loose across his back like some Norse God. The other side the strongly swarthy Irish Warrior. The sight of the three men standing at the edge – so near her hiding place – caused her heart to thrum painfully in her chest. Yet how to get the attention of one without arous... no, wrong word Lily, she scolded herself. Alerting the suspicions of the other two. Suddenly another popped out of nowhere. Fierce, feral and masculine! "I did not recall you to be part of this mission, Greyback?" The werewolf who harmed her friend. Lily's eyes narrowed at the dangerous creature. "The Master called me – I came," the monster growled. "Muggle Primary School camping trip. Of course, I had to be a part of it." Lily shuddered with contempt bordering on disgust at the way the monster licked his lips. "Thought of proselytising more of your kind, Greyback?" snarled Severus. Now she knew why Severus had a fear of Werewolves so being near the father of many of them in the UK and Europe must have taken every ounce of bravery the man possessed. Oh and he was a man now, Lily sighed inwardly, his voice warm enough to melt snow. Lily reminded herself that he was clearly a Death Eater. A few more pops revealed others. Barty Crouch Jr, insane, and insanely gorgeous, the one who charmed his way into Mary MacDonald's bed and tried to do the same with her. It was not fair that someone so beautiful could be ugly inside! Then there stood something that looked piratical in appearance. His features matched his Slavic looks, he could almost have been Snape's brother. Igor Karkaroff, Lily remembered him as an exchange student, one who latched onto Lily and Severus – the one to begin inserting a wedge between them – as Igor kept pawing at her any opportunity he could. Then one more arrived. Her heart ached. It was sweet and shy Regulus Black whom she helped in his first year. Severus and her between them made him stand tall and smile. How? How could he now become a Death Eater? Since when was life this unfair and unkind? She watched as Severus turned to Regulus. "Are you well, Reg?" he asked soto voce. "What's he doing here?" Regulus said through a series of well orchestrated sighs, jutting his chin forward to Greyback. "Apparently the Master wishes for him to be here to 'proselytise' more to his beliefs," Severus murmured. Regulus tutted and smiled humourlessly: "Proselytising?" tilting his head. "That's a new term for it. I thought it was animalistic." Crouching further down as she saw Lucius swish by: "I do not wish to remind you two that your footing with our Lord is not in a particularly good place right now – no antics like last time." "Oh so four year old kids deserve to be Crucio'd?" Reg spat coldly as his slate grey gaze landed on a laughing Barty Crouch Jr. Rolling his cane around behind his back in his hands Lucius sighed: "Of course not, Reg, but we are not supposed to stop anything happening no matter how unethical it gets." That was news to Lily. Lucius Malfoy understanding something complicated like Ethics. What next? Monk-hood? She scoffed. Everyone knew that Lucius had to marry Narcissa but he still sought others to fulfil his needs. She shuddered at that thought. Just how kinky was Lucius that Narcissa did not wish too, but allowed others, to pursue with her husband? Sometimes, she cursed her wild imagination. "Just keep Greyback on a leash and Stupefy Barty if he goes too far, Scout Leader!" scoffed Severus. Lily was simultaneously sickened, shocked, and proud of both Severus and Regulus. It was wonderful to know that they – and even Lucius it seemed – had their breaking point. None of them wanted to hurt innocent children. Finbar Avery stopped chuckling at something Barty said when Greyback nudged him harshly in the ribs. "Stop yammering yeh nancies!" the beast growled. "I smell somefin!" to emphasise his point his lifted his nose in the air and sniffed. Quietly, Lily made to back down and tried to be as stealthy as possible as she scuttled backwards slowly. All those years of sneaking around with Severus taught her some tricks, and his Muffliato was a handy dandy spell; well, she sneered to herself, it would be if she had bothered to bring her wand. How she ended up here she still had not fathomed when the Death Eat... wait, she was focussed on Severus. The man was positively emaciated. Lily wondered when he had last eaten. "Nah, not somefin" grinned Greyback showing his wolfish canine teeth. "Some one ," the leer in the voice made Lily stumble backwards and she crawled crabwise to the nearest hiding place. "A FEMALE," there was no mistaking the tone in his voice. "Mating material. Young. Fertile." Barty giggled: "What is she attired in?" "Nothing much," said the wolf enigmatically. "Bit silly in this weather." "Where?" now Avery's interest was piqued. "Definitely magical traces – she smells of ginger, pears, cinnamon and earth after the rain." That was when Severus stepped in. "I am sure she is of no consequence," he was smooth, Lily admired,when he walked straight backed, with purpose. It leant a whole new demeanour to him that she never noticed when they were friends. "We do not wish to hold up the mission." "Severus is right," piped up Reg, suddenly sounding like he did when he was 11. Stammering, shy and awkward. "We need to get on with our Lords work." "As you four are so eager then you should go on ahead," Lucius said. "Where did this scent come from, Greyback?" "Behind the bushes," Fenrir grunted. Lily held in her breath hoping that the four would take Lucius advice. Apparently, the thought of biting Secondary school children, torturing teenagers and killing Muggle teachers was too important to hold off. Four may have been ordered to leave via Portkeys that Lucius brought out of his robes but only three left. Once Finbar realised there was a witch hidden from them he decided that Lucius could be disobeyed for now. "Why am I not surprised you stayed to help us investigate our eavesdropper?" Lucius smirked at Avery. "You know me too well, Lucius." "She could be a real mutt," said Regulus trying to deflect the suave older Slytherins from finding the girl – the one girl – he could not harm. "We have a mission," the younger man took Severus hand and tried to steer him away from the delinquent duo. "Oh, but she is not just any eavesdropper, is she, Sev?" leered the Irishman. Lily covered her mouth to stop expelling breath. Black stilled