AN : I do not own the rights to Harry Potter, they still belong to JK Rowling, I sometimes wish she'd lend me Lucius from time-to-time. A big shout out to my beta, Vino Amore , who spotted what was missing and made me write more. Triggers: Mind Control, Dub-Con, Dark!Grey Hermione, May-December relationships, Attempted Suicide, Actual Suicide, Charming Vodemort, Infedility. Winter Frost I didn't know you, but I could see it in your eyes Shattered dreams and hopes, you'd been hurt too many times DOKKEN – Jaded Heart Jaded Heart There was a lot going on in Hermione Granger's life. It seemed that the Magical world was not all just rainbows and unicorns. In fact the first unicorn she'd seen was dead on it's side. Then again, being friends with Harry Potter was a 24/7 deal. No one could say that it was an easy job t0 have, Harry was high maintenance, for a variety of reasons. One of those reasons; a pretty big one, was that he was Undesirable No1, he was the half-blood son of a prestigious family. His family made money in the patency of all sorts of potions, not to mention the portion Black left him. Yet all that gold would not stop the Darkest Lord of all time, hunting for his blood. Her second problem was a certain red-haired nit-wit who had the nerve to leave her and Harry to fend for themselves, shivering in the cold, in a cabbage scented tent. The bloody bastard, she hoped that if he decided to show some backbone and come back to them he'd think to bring some flipping food with him. Hermione was disgusted with Ronald's attitude. It had served to cool her ardour for him. Things were bad for another reason: Harry was sulking around her because she had accidentally broken his wand in the scuffle at the late Bathilda Bagshot's house. Nagini, she might have known. How else could he hear the voice and not she – yet, as ever, she followed where he led – what did she get for her troubles? A stroppy Harry. She could understand Professor Snape's frustration with him, the disrespect he had shown to her, who had been nothing but a friend irked her and she was reaching boiling point. "Who am I, then?" she muttered as she angrily stormed further into the woods. "The spare!" she snarled kicking at some tree roots. "That is all I ever will be, a spare!" It was a particularly hilly section of the Forest of Dean, she and Harry found themselves in. Last night, whilst Harry was sleeping, Hermione found she had taken them between a quaint village called Bream, and a sort of tired looking town called Lydney. The part she came across looked like a part of an abandoned mine, moss and lichen covered over giant boulders, sparkling with ice. Hermione wondered at the beauty of the green held within the diamanté gleam of the frost on the rough-hewed stone surfaces. An ethereal contrast that reminded her of a certain Slytherin alumni's eyes. The entire area was surrounded by trees. Light would not reach this place in Summer, Hermione thought as she looked up to the sky. There was a slight slope, she still had some anger to work out so she decided to climb further up the incline. Getting further and further away from her tents, and wards. Leaving herself open to anyone who may find her. There she came upon a frozen stream and stared around for a tree to settle against. She did and slipped down the trunk landing on her rear in sharp thump that caused her to wince. "MONTY!" A girl's voice yelled. She sounds like she is of my age, Hermione sighed, "MONTY, GET BACK HERE!" Cautiously, Hermione peered around the tree trunk and, indeed, did see a teenage girl, holding what looked like a leather lead, and a big floppy King Charles Spaniel rushing through the dead forest. They were dangerously near. Still, she was a muggle, and Hermione did not want to harm her. "Monteith Montgomery De Montfort, will you, for once, do as you're told and HEEL!" Enviously, Hermione watched this girl. This ordinary muggle girl with seemingly ordinary problems walking her admittedly handsome dog, no wonder at the long name, it suited him. She allowed a small smile to come through at the scene. She wished she could join them. Talk to the girl, see what things she liked, if they had anything in common. Yet, she knew she couldn't. Slowly, she turned around and began sobbing. The Locket had slipped from it's place underneath her scarf. It was harder to keep stoic, to go through this journey, when she caught snippets of normality. She did not notice a tear fall from her eye onto the locket, nor the light green glow as it seemed to absorb the tear. The girl huffed as she fussed her pet behind the long flopping curly ears, Hermione really wished she could do that. The dog looked dopey as heck. "Oh, Monty, what are we gonna do with you, eh?" the girl laughed. The dog's pants could be heard where Hermione was hiding. She watched as the girl turned on her heel and walked back the way she came. Waiting until she was definitely out of sight before she even allowed herself to breathe properly. "Why me?" she asked herself bumping the back of her head against the trunk rolling her eyes. "Why does it have to be me? I was supposed to be Head Girl. I should be studying for my N.E. . I should be curling up in a squishy red chair, with a book, a big cup of hot chocolate, some biscuits and Crookshanks on my lap purring heavily," if she was guilty about her bout of self-pity it did not show. Hermione felt entitled to a moment of selfishness. "I should be writing a thank you letter to the Weasley's for a lovely jumper, the home-made flapjack, and quills. I should be thanking McGonagall for the new books she purchased for me." More tears fell and hit the locket, the glow appeared again, still unnoticed by Hermione as she continued monologuing to the trees it seemed. Wet lashes drooped as more slipped down her cheeks. Still she did not notice the glow it emitted when the saltwater fell from her eyes. She could feel the start of a sobbing fit and decided it was worthless to try and control it. People should be able to cry in privacy. For her it was the only time to show this sort of emotion. "I sh-should be looking forward to s-seeing my p-parents," here she broke down. Shoulders shook with the force of emotion. Pearly droplets continued their descent onto the Locket. It was absorbing each and every one, soaking them in like a sponge. The green glow darkened with each and every part of her she unwittingly sacrificed to it. She did not feel guilty for probably causing Harry concern. He seemed to prefer Ron over her so she doubted he'd think twice about her if she left him. Eventually she wiped the tears from her face. "I wish things were the way they should be," she shuddered out. "Is that really so awful of me to... for me to be that... I could be so... so... selfish?" It was only now she saw the pendant dangling over her top rather than tucked in, like it was supposed to be. Instead of re tucking the pendant back into her scarf she laid the locket in the palm of her hand. Her tears of pity were converted to ones of anger as she curled her hand over the metal forming a fist. "This is all your fault!" she spat shaking the fist. Silently, she wished she could just throw the bloody thing away but she knew that would not work. Like the one ring – there will always be someone who would hear it – and it could be a Muggle; she thought about that girl. Clearly a local, as she felt comfortable here, what if she found it? No, Hermione could not throw it away. Instead, she berated herself for her moment of weakness, as she continued staring at the hexed jewellery. "You really think Salazar Slytherin would have approved, because I do not," she affected her bossiest tone she could muster. "He would have wanted you to do great things, yes, but he would also have rather you found a way to bring the Slytherin line back to the way he desired it. I doubt he'd want this," tears just streamed out of her, there was so much tormenting her heart lately that it felt good to finally let it all out. "I know you are a complicated wizard, but why? Why did you feel this was necessary?" She willed in her heart that she could hear an answer come from it. Gods, it nattered enough in her head when she slept with it on, but wide-awake and it was as silent as the grave. Hermione refused to give into frustration. Instead she squared her shoulders and tried to bring back her logical side. The one that always won out in the end. None of her emotional decisions caused her any happiness. "What is it like to not feel?" she asked it. "To not have love in your heart? To not know what it is to have someone like you for you and not what they can get out of you?" A deep sigh left her as she rolled the locket around her forefinger and thumb. "What is that like? I have a good imagination but even I cannot put myself in that black hole, that nothingness inside. Does the sound of the first birds in spring make you happy? Or does it make you wish you could kill all birds and Spring while you are at it?" She hugged her knees into her chest, resting her chin on the perch they created whilst holding the locket directly in front of her eyes. Scrutinising the trinket: "It's a shame, you sounded like someone I could have talked to," her eyes misted over. "When I found your picture in the Year Books, you were stunningly beautiful. I suppose it is true what they say about fallen Angels," she raised the locket to her mouth and brushed the cool metal against her chapped lips. "Why?" she asked. "So handsome, full of ideals, clever, you could have been content in taking the world a bit at a time – you had the charm to do so, Tom ," the muggle name fell from her lips in a shudder of emotions as she tried to fight off the last of her tears. "Imagine us taking study sessions together in the library," she whispered. "Walking around the Lake above your common Room to discuss the latest content in such and such a journal. Maybe even," she blushed at the thought, "hand-in-hand, we'd have been... oh what is the use of fantasising, not one of my dreams so far seems to have come true." "Why Miss Granger, no truer words ever were spoken!" Hermione, startled over hearing the slightly high pitched sibilant tone. Definitely different to the coffee and cream of the Horcrux whisper in her ear. Immediately she tried to reach for her wand before realising Harry had it – his need for one was greater than hers – so she thought. "H-How I-I..." "Did you cry?" he softened his tone to try and keep her calm. The Dark Lord, for it was he, stooped down to her level. Watching with light amusement as she used her hands in a backwards scuttle. Observing how her eyes widened in fear. Normally, he would have smirked, but he did not want this witch to be afraid of him. It seems he'd have to bring Tom out to