Virtue of the Lily This story is AU . Extremel y AU! That means that I am not directly quoting from any of the books, nobody can remember clearly what happened seven years ago. We have flashes of memory, so I am writing just that... flashes of vague memory. Severus lives so much for the 8 years he and Lily were friends he could not see the fact that Harry and James were two different people but I think, deep down he knew, he just did not want to know. Or was told by Dumbledore not to get to know the boy... knowing Dumbledore I would not be at all surprised if he encouraged the hatred. Story Warnings : Rape, sex used to get information, playing at prostitution, introspective anguish, threatening suicide. Spying. Ramifications of war. Little bit of fluff here and there. Chapter warnings : Mentions of rape, desire to own a slave, nudity, violence, blood magic and character death. Main Pairings : Severus Snape/Lily E Potter. Lucius Malfoy/Hermione Granger. Thorfinn Rowle/Hermione Granger. Rabastan Lestrange/Hermione Granger. Harry Potter/Ginny Weasley. Remus Lupin/Nymphadora Tonks. Secondary Pairings : Fred Weasley/OFC. George Weasley/Angelina Johnson. Charlie Weasley/Katie Bell. Ron Weasley/Lavender Brown. Narcissa Malfoy/Kingsley Shacklebolt. Daphne Greengrass/Terry Boot. Draco Malfoy/Luna Lovegood. A Final Requiem October 31st 1981 "Move aside, girl!" a snarling order from a voice conjured from nightmares. A voice that was used to being obeyed without question. A black robed figure utilised his strong arm as he swept it regally, knocking the pretty red haired woman aside. "Stop snivelling!" "NO!" others would have had their blood curdling like milk at the scream as the woman leapt between the cowled figure and a baby crying in the cot. A baby who knew its mother was in danger. "PLEASE, NOT HIM. TAKE ME!" "I have asked you nicely, mudblood , now I am going to have to restrain you." "Why don't you just kill me you sick bastard!" the woman spat. "What has my baby ever done to you?" "Oh, dear sweet little girl, your baby will cause me great harm indeed – now, step aside," with that he pushed the woman aside once more, kicking her into the changing station. "Now," the figure squared his shoulders. Brandishing a yew wood wand, the man pointed it at the baby's head and was about to say the two words that would keep the world in order to how he liked it only... … The woman was more tenacious than he would give her credit for. What he did not expect was her wrapping her arms around his legs and yanking him on the floor. A move she learnt on the rough district of where she once frequented to visit a friend and rolled the figure around on his back. The cowl slipped to reveal a coldly handsome Wizard in his fifties – mesmerizing dark coffee coloured eyes. Black, tufted, well kept hair. Clear, porcelain skin and the smirk. The smirk that set many hearts a flutter with fear and certain women with joy. The young woman had felt neither as her baby's life was at stake. "My dear, if you desire me so then no need to tackle me to the ground – however," he cocked his head to the side. "I do not like to mix business before pleasure, as I am sure you will be." "Please," she begged, "please don't harm my son." "Hmm," the man reached out to tilt the woman's chin up so her emerald green eyes gazed deeply into his. "Shame your lineage does you a disservice, Mudblood – a Slytherin would kill for those eyes." Repressing a shudder, the woman felt a probing in her mind but immediately slammed her shields in place. "I am proud of my lineage," she said calmly. How she was holding it together she had no idea. "You are fire and water – fiercely protective – Oh I know you are extremely powerful. I do not have to kill any more tonight if you just come with me – with your son – and be my servants. When order is restored you, above all others, would be rewarded for your wise decision to escape from Dumbledore's clutches. Be reunited with one you once cared for, one I know you still do." "You poisoned a vulnerable man's heart – you make me sick!" The man's laugh was dry, dusty – it put the young woman in mind of dusty crypts, dungeons where manacles swayed in a ghostly wind. Vincent Price was bought to the woman's mind. She was raised on Fifties Hammer Horror movies, after all, she used to hide behind his back. Her sturdy, wonderful friend whom she regretted to not forgive... "My my," the wizard purred. "So you do still care about him?" "He was my first friend, you corrupted him!" "No, no, no my dear," the man sighed as if he had been through this point several times with the woman before. "You bought upon his allegiance to me – for your cold indifference to his plight at your so called noble friend's hands." The woman let out a whimper of a sob at the back of her throat. "Whenever they bullied him – did you feel his pain?" Stop it, she pleaded quietly. I was on his side. I did defend him. I did understand his pain. Didn't I? "Or, perhaps, you thought he was capable of looking after himself?" Of course he was, he had lived in appalling conditions before hand. I thought he could handle a little play at Hogwarts. It was just a little play, wasn't it? "How about that night he camped outside your common room begging for your forgiveness at his own humiliation – swallowing his own pride – a half-blood Slytherin grovelling at an imperiously haughty Gryffindor Mudblood's feet..." You had to bring that up, didn't you? I have gone over that scenario so many times in my head and heart. I cannot undo what has been done. "Whatever he saw in you I cannot imagine!" Tears sprung to her eyes. This man was good. He knew their history. He must have seen his memories. "I admit I did great wrong but..." "But nothing, Lily Potter," the evil man snapped. "What about when your precious so-called noble Knights of Gryffindor almost led him to his own death?" This was the last straw and she shrank off the body of the darkest Lord of them all. Heavy sobs wracking her throat and chest. "You forfeited his life to me the moment you married that peacock Potter – you threw substance over style." "Why should my son be punished for that?" she snivelled. "As you are well aware – Lily – I suffer no one greater than I, and this baby will grow up one day to be more powerful than I ever shall be if I let him live – now, I could kill you but... hmm," he tapped his wand against his chin and the smirk grew wider across his icy countenance: "Oh yes..." with that he reached out with his elegant hand and curled some of her fire red locks around his fingers. "I know..." he savagely plucked a handful of hair from her head and then clicked his fingers calling for a house-elf. "What are you doing?" her sodden eyes narrowed in suspicion. Grinning darkly he gazed at the woman as if he could not comprehend what this person was: "Hmm, psychological manipulation." The elf that was summoned was one she vaguely recognised: "How may Kreacher serves you, master?" That was it! Sirius elf! "Find me a muggle woman of absolutely no consequence – homeless preferably – stun her and bring her here." What was he up to? Slowly, Lily crawled back off and was about to stand up and grab her baby but the Dark Lord's reflexes were quick as lightning. He grabbed her by her wrists and slammed her into a wall: "Do you not want to see what I have planned, little girl?" "Get off me!" she twisted her wrists around in his hands and all he did was chuckle darkly as his eyes glowed red before he whispered a spell which divested her of her clothes. Sobbing more so now her dignity was in tatters, Lily hung her head down trying not to feel shame at her naked state. After all, she knew she had a beautiful body but under the Dark Lord's imperial gaze she felt awkward, ugly and unappreciated. "Just kill me!" she tried for defiance one more time. "Oh no," the Dark Lord shuffled closer so his leather toed shoes were near her naked dainty toes. "I have plans for you, Lily Potter, you have defied me thrice too many times now you learn to obey me." Suddenly she glanced up, eyes pierced through his and she spat in his face renewing her struggle for freedom but the Dark Lord's strength lay not only in his magical but physical core: "Never," she growled. By now she had nothing to lose, "I will never grovel at your feet like I am some kind of walking foot-stall!" Just as the Dark Lord was about to become naked and begin raping Lily, an opportunity that he would never afford his Death Eaters. Kreacher appeared with a nondescript muggle woman. Smirking, the Dark Lord yanked Lily towards her child: "Watch him die – if you are good I may let you live. Now we've danced around enough!" Replacing his cowl the Dark Lord turned to the baby – and pointed his wand at the now hiccuping infant. Lily reached out to grab her baby but the Dark Lord grinned maliciously in her direction as he turned the wand on her – waving runic symbols in the air above Lily's head. Once they finished weaving Lily found herself stuck in place as she heard the Dark Lord's tone take on a distinctly chilling quality that had nothing to do with it being autumn as he began to chant and weave: " Futurum rationis attulit nuntium Sapientes ,"* he muttered dangerously. " Splendet super omnia infida ,"** the swirls above Lily's head scared her as they changed from green to silver to bronze to blood red. " Virtus falsum lilium ,"*** now the rings turned into twisting writhing snakes scaring Lily more. The Dark Lord grabbed her wrist and cut her flesh dragging her blood over the magical snakes twisting in the air as the wriggling wraiths siphoned the crimson fluid. " Eaque fit in sanguine !"**** Suddenly she felt the pull of Apparition taking her out of her baby son's nursery. What the hell? Lily was in a dark room. A man groaned in agony on the floor. Crawling amongst the dust and dirt she reached out and felt the man. Wow, he was thin. Shaking her head she saw a wand lying by the man's side. Checking his pulse, faint but still a chance. She wondered if she could cast a Patronus with this man's wand. Funny, it felt familiar. Like the Wand was saying: 'Hello stranger, long time no cant!' Resisting the urge to smile, Lily whirled the wand and yelled: "EXPECTO PATRONUM!" Her dolphin flittered and played about her head. Strange, it had not been a dolphin for years but she put it down to tiredness. The man was bleeding and needed help. "Get Kingsley, Moody, Arthur or Dumbledore – Follow me, a man's life is at risk!" she sighed, it was only when she was exhausted that her Mancunian accent slipped out. The only thing of pride coming from Manchester was the fact that her favourite Muggle entertainer, Davy Jones, also hailed from its grimy streets. "Now, whoever you are, I can stop the blood with your wand I think. You are going to have to help yourself too. Whoever you are, please make it through. My son might have died tonight but that does not mean you