Hi all you Harry Potter fans out there! I just want to say that I may be one of the biggest fans out there for Harry Potter and so I was so not happy that Harry married Ginny in the final book and Ron ended up with Hermione. Sorry dor all those Harry/Ginny and Ron/Hermione fans out there but in my opinion it should be Harry/Hermione and Ron/Lavender. Anyway this is definitely not for Ron fans out there so if you are a Ron fan then I suggest you turn away cos Ron is not going to be any good in this fanfic. All the characters will be OOC so be warned cos what's the fun if we stick to the same personalities in the book? So this is my first Harry Potter fanfic so don't flame me too harshly. The main plot is that Harry and Hermione will be sent to the Marauders' era and they will stay there all the way from fourth year up to the last year. Therefore sequels will be written. Anyway enjoy and read and review cos I need to know if it is any good. Chapter One: Suicide and Mudbloods CRASH! BANG! ... Silence... Hermione and Ron glanced at each other and sighed. Ron slouched back onto the couch in the Gryffindor Common Room, Hermione curled up on the armchair and burrowed her face back into the heavy journal she was reading after renting it from the library. 'What do we do Ron? It's hurting me that he's going through all of this,' Hermione said after a few minutes silence. Ron looked over at her to see her chocolate brown eyes glistening with unshed tears. 'I don't know Hermione... he's my best mate and I feel helpless knowing I can't help him, like he usually helps us,' Ron sighed exasperatedly. There was a pause and then Hermione stood up. Ron scrambled to his feet as well, however he wasn't sure what for. 'Maybe I should go and check up on him,' Hermione said. 'What if he blows again?' Ron asked worried. Hermione glared at him, 'Ron your best mate, our friend is in there, an emotional wreck and all you can think about is his temper?' Ron mumbled something and looked at the floor. 'I was right... you have the emotional range of a teaspoon,' Hermione huffed. She turned and stalked over to the staircase. With one more glance at Ron, she started up to the dorms where the boys slept. Tentatively she stepped forward and knocked. There was no answer and with a deep breath she pushed the oak door open and walked into the messy dorm. Forgetting why she was there for a second at the sight of the room, she took out her wand and with a swishing motion, the clothes distributed themselves onto the respective beds. With a small smile she tucked her wand in her holster on her waist and her eyes raked around the room. She heard the water running in the bathroom and decided to wait on Harry's bed for him to come out. Getting comfy she waited for the water to stop running and after a while, she perked up when the water was switched off. Just as she was satisfied that everything was alright and that Harry was not going to drown himself, she turned to exit the room when she stopped. She then turned towards the bathroom after hearing sobbing. Puzzled she crept towards the door and watched as Harry was bent over the sink, sobbing to himself quietly so he wouldn't be heard. Hermione's eyes brimmed with tears as she heard the suffering in his sobs and wanted nothing more than to run and give Harry a hug. Deciding to give him a moment and not to disrespect his request for time alone, she turned to go down to the common room when she saw it. It stood out against the polished white floor of the bathroom and she felt her blood run cold. She then heard a plinking noise and saw that it was dripping from somewhere. Her eyes fearful of what she would find, she looked up and what she saw made her heart stand still. A silver dagger was digging into Harry's arm and she saw that Harry was enjoying the feeling. He had a look on his face that told Hermione he wouldn't be stopping soon. She got out her wand and was just about to pounce when she heard his words. 'I'm coming Mum, Dad, Cedric...' he said quietly as he positioned the silver dagger lightly against his wrist. 'I'm sorry Hermione, Ron, everyone... but I can't do this anymore, Cedric died because of me and maybe it might be one of you next... it's killing me that I am standing around and more people, day by day, are dying because of me... I guess I'll see you at the other side... have a nice life.' Hermione couldn't take it and she burst into the bathroom and with a flick of her wand, the dagger went sailing across the room and fell with a clang to the floor. Harry looked startled and Hermione had half a mind to punch the idiot right there on the spot. However she saw the amount of blood flowing from his cuts and she raced forward and took his arm into her hand. 'RON GET YOUR ARSE UP HERE NOW!' Hermione screamed as she set to work healing the cuts. She wasn't any good at healing spells as it was new to her. Ron came bursting to the bathroom, looking wildly around, and swore at the sight of the blood. He then saw Harry, looking deathly pale, and Hermione trying her best to heal the cuts from his arm. 'Hermione...' Ron trailed and Hermione looked at him. He was surprised to see the scared look she was giving him but nodded and looked over at Harry. 'Harry, what the bloody hell were you thinking?' Ron asked and Harry shrugged before falling forward. Ron caught him before he hit the floor and Harry smiled weakly, before falling unconscious. 'He's lost too much blood,' Hermione said and her hand trembled slightly. A sob threatened to escape her mouth but she swallowed it and turned to look at Ron. 'Get him to his bed, I'll go and get Madam Pomfrey and Professor McGonagall. She'll be able to understand and tell Professor Dumbledore,' Hermione said and with that she raced out of the room as if her life depended on it. 'Sure give me the hardest part,' Ron grunted as he half-carried, half-dragged Harry and staggered to the bed with him. He tucked Harry up and sat on his bed, in case Harry decided to do anything rash again. He left the bathroom as it was so Dumbledore and everyone else could understand the gravity of the situation. As he watched his friend, he got caught up in his thoughts. How had Harry, the innocent and unaware of magic young boy gone, from that sweet boy that Ron became fast friends with, to someone that was a wreck? 'It was all Voldemort,' Ron thought furiously to himself. He had taken a 1-year-old child's parents away from him, left him in an abusive family, ripped families apart, sent innocent people to Azkaban, left people in terror of their loved one's lives and reduced Harry to an emotional wreck. Ron smiled sadly at Harry and thought back to a few days ago when it had happened. Flashback... Everyone was waiting anxiously on the stands during the Third Task of the Triwizard Tournament. Fleur and Krum had been treated and were equally anxious for both Harry and Cedric. They knew that something was not right about the maze. Suddenly there was a flash and Harry and Cedric appeared. Apparently the Cup had been a portkey. Immediately there was screaming and cheering for the two Hogwart Champions. However Harry and Cedric were still lying there. A scream from Fleur indicated that something was wrong and everyone hushed. Dumbledore strode over to Harry as did the rest of the judges. Their reactions were enough to scare everyone. Madame Maxime screamed and hugged Fleur tightly as tears flowed down their eyes. Krum had his head bowed in respect. The next words shocked everyone as a very scared and emotional Harry shouted, 'He's back! Voldemort's back! Cedric told me to bring back his body... I couldn't leave him!' He sobbed. Ron and Hermione pushed through the crowd and Hermione gasped and tears dropped from her eyes. She composed herself and together both she and Ron took an arm of Harry and steered him towards a bench. They sat down and watched as Amos Diggory ran over to his son's body and moaned in agony. The next words he uttered were devastating for the Trio. Amos walked over to Harry and grabbed the front of his shirt angrily. ' Why didn't you save him?! I thought you were so talented that you could put your name in a cup... What happened boy? Couldn't bear for my boy to win and so you killed him off. What did you do... sign a deal with Voldemort for your life instead of Cedric's?' Everyone grew silent and Hermione bristled in anger. Ron had to fight off not trying to punch the idiot's face in and silently trembled. Dumbledore strode over and grabbed Diggory away from Harry. Everyone trembled at the sight of the cold fury etched over Dumbledore's features. However, before Dumbledore could speak, Harry spoke softly and everyone heard him. ' I tried to save him. I really did... but Voldemort was quicker. I would give anything to be in Cedric's position. He didn't deserve to die because of me,' Harry said and before anyone could react, Harry turned and with a limp, walked back up to the castle. Hermione lost it and marched over to Amos. She slapped him across the face, red with anger. ' I can't believe people like you exist! Harry just came back after probably duelling Voldemort, his arm was covered in blood and he was trembling from the side effects of the Cruciatus. He watched your son die before his very eyes and if I know Harry he'll be haunted from this forever! AND YOU HAD THE NERVE TO BLAME YOUR SON'S DEATH ON HARRY! Just be glad you aren't dead yet,' Hermione warned in a venomous tone and with that she grabbed Ron and they sprinted to the castle in search of Harry. Everyone was stunned into silence and Dumbledore was the first to react. Ordering the students back to their dorms, he turned to Amos. ' Just be very glad that I am not Voldemort Amos otherwise your condition would be worse that your son's,' Dumbledore warned. There was no twinkle in his eyes and the cold fury on his voice echoed in his voice as he spoke. With that he swept up to the castle, to find Harry and see if he was ok. Minerva walked up to Amos with disgust on her face. 'The funeral will be in two days.' With that she also swept past Amos up to the castle to find Dumbledore and her Gryffindors. Severus walked over to Amos and with a sneer, he spoke as well, 'even I know that what you told Potter was over the line. Even the Dark Lord would never disrespect someone like that.' He then hurried up to his dungeons in the castle. Although they weren't exactly on good terms, he had to get Potter some potion to soothe the effects of the Cruciatus on the poor boy. Amos was left there shivering at the slight chill. Wrapping his cloak around him, he headed up to the castle for a warm mug of cocoa. ... The days went by and somehow Rita Skeeter had written an article. However it disgusted everyone as she outline Harry in the