Another result of conversations between me and this author. Goodness, what am I doing with my self. This ship is ridiculous. Anyway those of you brave enough to click please relax and enjoy the crack. (A/N: This was originally for and published on Valentine's Day, so i hope you enjoyed the last one and the ones to come! Also finally putting this here because the original story it's connected to was put on here by the original author and I am avoiding sleep. Go check out andquitefrankly, her stuff is good.) This is my first time writing a fic of this caliber, so please, any and all feedback is welcome. Alternate Title: Salt and Pepper. Saruman Curunír White, burdened kindergarten teacher, muttered into his beard as he watched his class celebrate the totally ridiculous holiday that was Valentine's Day. A terrible, made up holiday created for nothing more than to promote the sale of frivolous items and push the issue of coupling upon the populace. Isolating those who were single or had yet to find love at all. Not that he felt isolated, Saruman was perfectly fine with his current bachelorhood. Perfectly fine . With a sigh he didn't know he made, the older man sat back in his chair and watched as his students exchanged gifts and chattered on at a decent volume level…unlike a certain colleague's class whose brats could be heard all the way down the hall. With another huff Saruman quickly nipped all thoughts of the ridiculous Gandalf and his… aid …in the bud. It would only sour his mood, and he would need all his fortitude to withstand attending the party set up for staff after classes were dismissed. Saruman could not understand why Mrs. Lorien had even set up the party; and he was still fuming about how she had managed to make attendance mandatory - for at least a little while- for all faculty. Forcing them to gather in the teacher's lounge and eat store bought food and drink low grade punch and interact . Madwoman. It was times like this he missed being a college professor, at Valinor he could see no one if he had wished it. He had never been forced to attend any parties or functions, never had to see his fellow faculty or the idiotic people they chose to bring or converse with… He was abruptly brought out of his thoughts by the sound of the bell ringing. In tidy, yet no less enthusiastic, fashion Mr. White's students went to their cubbies and retrieved their things before running off to become their parents' problems once more. After a final once over and cleanup of the room-with more muttering- Saruman gathered his own things and closed his classroom for the day. He was going to go to the blasted function and stay as long as was required- a "suggested" measure of thirty minutes at least-and then he would head straight home. He had a new romance novel he wanted to get to, a high fantasy thing with two males as the leads, and he wished to go indulge in his guilty pleasure in the peace of his own abode. He really wished Mrs. Lorien had given them all an early day like the staff had gotten. With a final straighten of his clothes, a pair of well-fitting jeans, a white shirt and his favorite multi-hued zippered sweater, Saruman walked into the lounge and prayed for strength. The teacher's lounge was a rather large room with a mini-kitchenette and a decent amount of space set aside for chairs and tables. One table was covered in pink clothe and had an assortment of food and a punch bowl upon it. There was also a large cooler sitting on the floor next to two of the legs. Several adults were grouped about said table or milled about the small space. Chattering and laughing with one another. Turned out he was the last to arrive. "So glad you could make it, my dear Saruman." Galadriel Lorien looked as lovely as ever in a blue blouse and black slacks, her bright hair tied back in an elegant braid. Saruman tried his best not to sneer at her tone and enigmatic-yet no less smug, in his opinion-smile. "Yes, well it was demanded of me." The woman chuckled, "Oh, come now Saruman. Don't be such a negative-Nancy. Go and have some punch and mingle. It won't kill you." Although there was a lightness to her tone, the underlying command was still there. So like a good little soldier Saruman marched off and decided to at least have a drink in his hand so he would look busy, and could spill upon himself or another by "accident" if he was caught in any terrible conversation. The slight crowd parted as he made his way to the snack table and he blinked. He had only made a cursory glance at what was offered before, but he could have sworn the bowl filled with what looked like fruit punch had been a different shape… With a scoff at his own ridiculousness Saruman got himself a cup and promptly sat down at a nearby, empty table. He took a sip and promptly raised a brow, the "punch" was a particularly fruity blend and held an underlying taste to it. One he couldn't really place, but it was none the less good. So with a rare mental shrug, Saruman let it go and actually enjoyed the beverage. It was two refills later he found himself actually talking to someone, and it was none other than Radagast Brown. The shorter man was dressed in a white shirt and a dark blue pull over with lighter zig-zag patterns upon it and dark brown slacks. A dark brown jacket was draped upon the back of the chair he occupied next to Saruman, and an equally dark brown panama hat with an upturned brim and dark blue hatband sat upon the table next his own cup. Saruman squinted his eyes, and after a bit of concentration he asked "You're dressed rather nicely?" It wasn't the most eloquent thing he had ever said but he wasn't exactly feeling like himself, though he wasn't really worried about it. He took another sip and felt himself calm even more. Radagast smiled and said "Yes, I have a nice little function held by one of my old activist groups to attend today. All about this particular species called the Agapornis canus or 'Grey-headed Lovebird' that mates once for a life time and has the loveliest song, they and their cousins are quite popular to buy as pets. Unfortunately development over their habitat and poaching due to their lovely feathers has made the wild species numbers dwindle." Saruman couldn't stop his scoff. " Lovebird ? Couldn't they think of a better name? Many species mate for life." Here Radagast smiled. "Yes, but the bird is called such because of the lengths it will go for others. If a member of either gender finds another they like they will do everything for that potential mate from following wherever they go to protecting them even after they've chosen another. They're also known to show care or "love" to the young of other birds-even of other species-and will protect them and nurture them. They are also a good predator upon local insect populations." Saruman hummed, somewhat off put that Radagast of all had plans while he did not. Not that he cared, or wondered what Gandalf would be doing while his other half-since Radagast made no mention of bringing anyone with him to his function-would be busy. He needed another drink. Saruman had had no idea he had been talking aloud, until Radagast responded. "I think you've had just about enough tonight, and a bit more for good measure. And Gandalf is quite single and has no plans, at least not yet." Saruman turned to Radagast in mild interest and asked "Really?" "Oh yes, as a matter of fact why don't you both talk about how you have no plans? He's just over there by the way." Saruman turned and found that not five feet away stood Gandalf, talking with one of the third grade teachers. He was dressed as usual, in a pair of nice fitted pants and jacket. Today it was an old sweatshirt from University, dark grey with the full name of the University stitched upon the front with the school's emblem upon the back. A rather radical design some friend of Gandalf's had pushed forward during their time as students and had been an instant success, it was still used today. The jacket was of a good fit but still left things to the imagination. Gandalf's somewhat long hair was tied back with a simple elastic at the base of his neck. His beard was trimmed well and neat. "Well? Are you just going to stare like that or are you going to go talk to him?" Saruman turned to Radagast and glared. The other man barely even blinked. With a huff Saruman gathered himself and said "Actually I think I am going to go home. I've wasted enough time here." He unsteadily got to his feet, which immediately confused him. He felt like he was drunk, but that wasn't possible! Not only was this a small gathering at a primary school but he also never drank in public, his tolerance was impossibly low. Always had been, even when he was a lad. A full glass of wine and he would be roaring drunk. He turned to Radagast and saw the man smiling at him, it reminded him of Galadriel. Deciding to maybe go sit in his class room for a while to sort himself out before attempting to drive home Saruman made the valiant effort to get the hell out of there. He didn't get very far, something suddenly stuck itself into his path and he could only watch helplessly as the blue tiled floor swerved up to greet him. Next thing he knew Saruman was looking up at Gandalf, who had apparently caught him mid-fall and was now trying to get his attention. Saruman stared at him dumbly for a moment, Gandalf's arm were firm and warm. He smelled of Irish spring soap. It was then Saruman realized that the position they were in was a rather…intimate looking one, and it was in the middle of the lounge. With everyone staring. Feeling the heat raise to his cheeks Saruman tried to push Gandalf away as he got up. All that resulted was that Gandalf kept a tighter grip as the two of them rose. "I don't know what's wrong with him." Said Gandalf worriedly, Saruman was acting just as he had after a few too many back in the old days. "Oh, he must have had some of the special punch Radagast made." Said Galadriel brightly. "What? But, that's not like him." Gandalf frowned and looked at Saruman, who was muttering he was fine while at the same time leaning heavily upon the other man. It took Gandalf a moment to realize he was trying to push him away, but it seemed the command died when it reached Saruman's arms. "Oh, I distinctly saw him having some. He has been looking troubled lately, maybe he decided to cut loose?" Radagast had suddenly appeared on Gandalf's other side, a small smile on his face even though his brows were furrowed. "How about you take him to the second music classroom Gandalf? That spare couch is still there so he can lie comfortably while you keep an eye on him." The second music classroom was one of the two rooms where the older students were taken to play instruments for music lessons, the walls were specially proofed so little sound came out and none were disturbed. Gandalf never understood why they had two, one was always enough. Which left the second to become a sort of extra storage/nap room.