This chapter was brought to you by "My Heart Is the Worst Kind of Weapon" by Fall Out Boy. Percy Jackson, savior of Olympus, groaned in protest as the piercing shriek of his alarm clock penetrated what had-been a lovely, dreamless sleep. Lifting his head was a challenge, but after some initial difficulty, he managed to crane his neck out from underneath the fluffy comforter that encompassed his body. Bleary green eyes squinted at the glaring red numbers of the devil-machine. Was it really 8 already? His thoughts were confirmed as a second round of screeching began. Scrunching his face in pain, he quickly slammed the snooze button before rolling over onto his back. The colorlessness of the walls and ceiling were less than inspiring. Yes, it was New York. Yes, there were cloudy days where sunlight didn't stream through the windows and illuminate the room. But really, it was dark when he went to bed, why must it be dark when he's supposed to wake up? He blamed the stupid research paper. Though the subject matter it was on wasn't difficult, the finer aspects of essay-writing had always eluded him. He'd been up past 4 trying to word it in a way that didn't scream 'dyslexic moron'. Normally, the son of Poseidon would get a decent night's rest, so he felt his reluctance with waking up after little over 3 hours was justified. Briefly, Percy entertained the notion of sleeping in, but when Annabeth's furious face floated through his mind, he quickly nixed the idea. She'd skin him alive if he skipped a class. He rolled his eyes good-naturedly at the thought of her lecture on 'playing hooky' before finally getting up. Noting with some amusement that her side of the bed was perfectly made, he shrugged, walking towards the bathroom to begin his morning routine. The warm rush of water left him feeling rejuvenated. Stepping out of the shower with a towel wrapped securely around his waist, he heard the front door shut, and smiled. Annabeth always woke up an hour before him so she could get ready for her morning class at NYU. The two demigods had moved in together shortly after Percy had turned eighteen, and he couldn't have been happier. They'd slipped into their routines like second skins. Walking around their modest, but functional bedroom, he grabbed a clean blue t-shirt hanging from their closet. Slipping on some boxers and pair of crisp jeans, he pulled the shirt over his head and slid into a pair of well worn sandals. Snatching his phone from the charger on the nightstand, he frowned when he saw the text message. Jackson, need you here to monitor the Ophiotaurus while I fix its cage. Be here by nine. -H Percy didn't mind helping out the gods; even though he was their 'champion', he was still their tool, so there were favors called in relatively often, but he just wished he'd get some advance notice so that he could plan things. Though, he supposed, he really shouldn't complain about the opportunity to skip out on class. Annabeth would understand if he ditched because the gods made him. And they were making him. There was no such thing as a god asking for something. You either did it, or you were vaporized. It was pretty simple. Letting loose a small yawn, he shot a text to Annabeth explaining that he was going to Olympus and thought he'd be back (probably) after one or two-ish. She responded with a short, 'Okay, love you, g2g', and, knowing she was probably in class by now, he left it at that. Noticing that he still had maybe ten minutes before he had to leave, he casually slipped over to the kitchen with the intent of eating a quick bowl of cereal for breakfast. The colorful 'pebbles' might not have been exactly what Demeter had in mind when she went on one of her famous 'cereal' tangents, but hey, points for effort, right? Rinsing out his bowl in the sink, he picked up his keys from the counter and his wallet, and walked out the door. Locking the door behind him, he rushed to his beloved Jeep, and flew through the streets as if he were on a mission from God. Which he sort of was. After he parked, he walked straight into the Empire State building. As he'd become such a frequent visitor lately, and the fact that in the demigod world he was sort of a celebrity, the doorman didn't even try and stop him. The elevator, as always, resounded in the ear-torture that was Apollo's gag playlist. By the time he reached the 600th floor, he'd had to suffer through an awful 80's disco jam, a tacky country song about pick up trucks, and halfway through the same song that had been in the Tartarus elevator. He shook his head, marveling at how now, he could afford to worry about bad music and other tiny, mundane, issues that don't matter. Back then, it was all about saving the world, keeping everyone alive, trying to stop a stupid, opportunist's war between the camps. But it seemed that that was in the past now. The world was safe, the camps had negotiated a peace, and, though Frank and Hazel were killed in a car accident several months ago, they, along with all of his other quest-mates, had survived the war. Olympus was such a beautiful place, especially since Annabeth had begun redesigning the godly city. Whereas the Olympus before Annabeth stepped in had been large, looming, and threatening, the new Olympus was sleek, elegant, and graceful. She had kept the Grecian style, marble and all, but had opted for slimmer, more inviting architecture, meant to showcase the gods' power and not to force it upon the passerby. While he didn't always like the 15 foot tall beings within the throne room (those, apparently, could not undergo renovation, no matter how much he bugged his girlfriend), after years of putting out their fires, the gods had less cause to hate Percy for simply existing, and thus, some of their interactions had actually been pleasant. Percy saw the (thankfully human sized) Hephaestus waiting for him by the bubble tank. He felt what little energy he had drain out of him as he walked towards the god. In the tank was not one, but two Ophiotaurus'. Ah, problem indeed. He didn't even know that Bessie was pregnant, but then again, he hadn't been to Olympus for a few months anyways. "Hey there, Jackson. It looks like we get to play with a world destroyer and her babe. Well, at least they're cute, right?" Hephaestus asked with a small smile and a shrug, patting Percy on the back. He could sense that his favorite son's best friend was tired clocking in. He too, wanted to get this over with, "Alright, well, I got this temporary cage set up to hold them while I work on making this original tank larger and sturdier. I'm gonna need you to take care of them while I fix it up. We don't want them getting nervous, kid. Nervous equals gassy." The son of Poseidon let out a weak laugh, "Right." "Let's go ahead and get started." It took a lot less time than either of them expected, as Bessie and her calf, which Percy had already taken to naming Geno (he knew Annabeth would slap him upside the head for that one, which was precisely why he chose it), understood that they needed to remain patient for their new home. He told them little stories to keep them occupied and calm, finding that they especially enjoyed 'Jack and Jill'. When Hephaestus had finished with the tank, it looked like a futuristic palace for aquatic life. The clear steel was now plenty large enough for the two World Destroyers. Percy moved them into the structure, spent. He was absolutely exhausted. His brain was fried from having to listen to a well meaning Hephaestus turn a small question into a lengthy explanation. Percy had just wanted to know what made the steel clear, expecting the answer to be something short like 'magic'. But no. There was no rest for the weary as he had to listen to a lecture rivaling one of Annabeth's on architecture. Now that he thought about it, the smith god still hadn't answered the question, but there was no way he was going to ask again. After Hephaestus had said his thank you's and pat him on the back, the son of Poseidon had decided that he would grab some 'coffee' in the lobby to give him enough energy to drive home and take a nap. It tasted awful, smelled awful, and looked awful, and he mournfully looked at it with tired eyes. However, he drank it nonetheless. Almost immediately he felt refreshed, the coffee doing its intended job wonderfully. Percy disregarded his charred taste buds and poured himself a small to-go cup, wanting something to hold him over until he got home. He waved at the elevator man, and walked to his car. Percy cranked the engine and put the brown liquid into the cup holder. Hephaestus had said that he'd need Percy back in two hours so that he could check the health of the creatures in response to their new home. Percy was fine with that, he thought he'd take a power nap, and eat lunch with Annabeth before heading back. The radio was blaring and he sang along to the chorus as loud as he could and faked his way through the rest. The raven-haired teen grabbed his atomic pick-me-up and took a long gulp. He was driving along normally when suddenly, the minivan in front of him braked for no apparent reason. He thankfully didn't rear-end the idiot, but he did feel a searing pain as his coffee sloshed onto his shirt. Percy hissed out a muted curse and slammed the now empty cup down. The coffee wasn't supposed to wake him up that way. He couldn't do anything about his shirt just yet, so he settled for grumbling incoherently and giving the Honda driver the evil eye. A look at the clock told him it was 11:38. While he was at a red light, he texted Annabeth "On break til 1, heading home to change my shirt. Afterwards, do you want to grab some lunch?" She didn't respond, so he figured she might still be on campus. He put his phone away and continued driving, when he pulled into his parking spot he saw her Dodge Dart, and wondered if she was taking a shower or something. Percy's climbed the steps to the door and unlocked it, before closing it behind him. He pulled at the shirt so that it wasn't plastered to his body and walked to the bedroom door. He paused when he heard moaning. The raven haired teenager stopped in his tracks. Was she...mastur...he bit his lip at the thought. It could just be the TV, but Annabeth wasn't typically one to watch that kind of stuff. He really needed to get in there and change. Just to be safe, he knocked softly at the door. There was no answer. He steeled himself for whatever potentially awkward sight was beyond the white barrier. "Annabeth?" Percy asked cautiously as he turned the knob and opened the door. His eyes could barely register the sight they met. A thin blonde haired boy jumped away from Percy's lithe, beautiful girlfriend as if she'd burned him. Percy's heart jumped in his throat when he saw it was indeed his girlfriend lying there, skin flushed and her lips swollen. On her neck was a bright purple bite mark, a hickey. Her shirt was off, but she still had her bra and pants on. The guy with her was fully clothed. "Percy! It's, it's not what it looks like!" Annabeth frantically called out, readjusting herself to look at