Contest entry for the Light The Darkness contest Title: In the Making Name: iron_gall on fictionpad Twitter handle: iron_gall Pairing: E/B Rating: M Pre-readers: Emily & Romy Beta: AntrhoBug & ElleCC Summary: Edward and Bella marry at eighteen only to divorce six months later. After four years apart, they reunite and examine why they didn't work out in the first place. Still young but a lot more self-aware, they stand to gain as much as they could lose. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Getting married at eighteen had only been part of our problem. In a way, the road to our demise was paved with what every road to hell is: good intentions. Had we stayed married, we would be celebrating our fourth wedding anniversary today. Sometimes, I allow myself to think about what that would look like. Our marriage only lasted six months. It worked for two, crumbled for three, and spent a month falling completely apart. Each time a chunk of it fell around me, I could only sit and stare. I didn't make any effort to reinforce the weakened structure as it swayed dangerously over my head. I think Edward tried once to patch it up. He realized before I did that what we had was not a marriage. I met Edward when I was sixteen years old. He and his mother had just moved into town, and as the new kid, he found himself alone during recess. As the resident loner, I understood his plight, and in a move that was bold for somebody like me, I approached him. We found that we had a lot in common and fell into an easy friendship that slowly turned into more. Much more. During our senior year, Edward's home life reached a boiling point. His mother's boyfriend at the time was an abusive drunk who frequently ran Edward out of the house. He pleaded with his mother to leave him, but she was a woman in love. She chose her man over her son. One night, Edward showed up at my house. Having exhausted his welcome at his friends', he came to the one place he never thought he'd end up. My parents allowed him to stay on our couch that night but told us that they would not allow their daughter and her boyfriend to live under the same roof while unmarried. I remember being outraged and infuriated. We weren't asking to share a bed, and to turn away a kid who had nowhere else to go was unforgivable. Their fundamentalist beliefs were incompatible with what we were asking. For years, I had been warring with them over their strictness, a result of becoming aware and critical of their teachings. A week later, Edward and I moved into a small cottage on the outskirts of town. I knew we were living in sin in my parents' eyes, but as I donned the first pair of pants I'd ever worn, I decided that perhaps their version of Christianity wasn't the right one for me. It was restrictive, and I sought to find a church that better suited my beliefs. One of the perks of living in a tiny podunk town is that rent is cheap. Edward and I had to work our butts off in order to make rent and keep ourselves fed, but we did it. It felt so good to be able to listen to music (something my parents did not allow outside of Christian hymns) and read mainstream books. When we first moved in together, Edward and I vowed to remain chaste. We didn't want to rush into things neither of us felt ready for just because we were living under the same roof. In the beginning, we took turns taking the couch. Two months before we were set to graduate, Edward got down on one knee and proposed. He'd bought me a simple diamond solitaire that made me feel like a high society woman. It was perfect. He'd even asked my dad for my hand in marriage, something I would have never thought to do. In between tears and kisses and loud affirmations of my acceptance, we slowly peeled off our clothes and made love for the first time. We decided to get married as soon as we graduated. My parents were happier with us, and I felt the ice begin to melt. Our friends were a little confused as to why we would want to get married so young, and I heard whispers of how our foolishness would be rewarded with a short-lived union. Aside from my parents' support, which admittedly was fueled by their own interests, nobody else truly believed we should rush into marriage. Edward's mother told us we would be wise to wait but quickly lost interest. In the end, the hard-headedness, symptomatic of all youth won out, and we married that summer. At first, everything was as it should be. We both worked and came home to cook together, watch a little television, and fall into bed naked. Every night was like a game of discovery. Edward was the first to go down on me. He left no part of me unkissed, unsucked, or unlicked. I had my first orgasm that way. The next night, I took him into my mouth. He didn't last. In a flash, summer was over, and we both started classes at the local community college. Our schedules were incompatible, and there were days when we didn't spend any waking time together. We interacted through notes and texts. Work and school left little time for play. Only two months after our wedding, we had turned into parallel roads cursed to never intersect. I don't know how it happened or why we were so quick to call it quits, but I will never forget that Saturday. I can still smell the cold coffee in my untouched mug as Edward and I sat at our kitchen table. Both of us with our rings in our hands instead of on our fingers. After hours of the first conversation we'd had in a while, Edward finally did something that broke my heart. "I don't feel a sense of togetherness anymore," he said. "Why is this happening? I thought we were happy. It feels as though we were just the other day." I had already failed at containing my tears. I was fighting to contain the hiccupping sobs that I could feel bubbling up inside me. Edward's eyes were red, his lashes wet, and his cheeks flushed. "Maybe they were right to warn us. Maybe we needed more time to grow into ourselves or whatever. I'm sorry, Bella. I feel like I've failed you." "But you're still my best friend. I know we haven't had a real conversation in months, but that's okay. Isn't it? Friends can go for long periods of time without talking and still love each other." I felt as though I was pleading at that point. I knew I had been the one to suggest a trial separation, but it had been a throwaway comment meant to hurt him. Hearing him hint at going through with it caused me to regret those words. I loathed them. "We've fought every day for the past month. You've kicked me out of our room. I've spent days giving you the silent treatment. This isn't healthy." Deep down, I knew his words to be true. Our relationship had become unhealthy. Instead of conversations, we had arguments. Instead of trying to work things out, I had resorted to asking him to sleep on the couch because I was too tired and I didn't want him there as a reminder of the business I'd left unfinished. He had resorted to not speaking to me for days at a time. He always came home but he didn't address me save for the necessary. Our monster had become too big and beyond the scope of our limited experience. I thought back to the day I accused him of not doing anything nice for me anymore. He'd arrived home tired and upset over a bad grade on a test. I had been home stewing over the fact that I wanted romance and felt as though Edward hadn't been doing a good enough job in that department. I didn't even let him take a break before laying into him and throwing all my frustrations at his feet. Deciding that I couldn't argue with Edward's assessment, I conceded. "I guess I can move in with my parents. I'll help you out with rent for as long as you need." I felt as though my offer was lame, but I bore no ill will toward him. We had somehow entered a rough patch from which we weren't able to emerge, and part of me felt responsible. And I was. When I moved back into my parents' house, they were surprisingly accepting. They didn't preach, meddle, or criticize. They were simply there for me. They even encouraged me to transfer to a big university in the city. I did just that, thinking the change of pace and scenery would do me good. By Christmas, I was all moved in and ready to start classes in January. Edward and I had kept in touch but just barely. He had moved into a town only minutes away from where I was and had found a better job as well as an online school. I was too afraid to ask him what we were going to do about us. I wanted to be together, and I wanted to believe we could work it out, but neither of us had done anything to get to that point. My heart felt heavy and fragile. I was close to shattering, but I held out hope that Edward would come through with a grand gesture declaring his undying love. February used to be the month of love. Red hearts and cupids, roses and boxes of chocolate. It became the month of unanswered calls and dissolution of marriage papers. I gasped as I stared at the offending documents. My hands trembled, and my heart skipped a few beats. I immediately pulled out my phone and called him. "You got the papers." He wasn't asking. "We didn't even talk about this! Edward, why would you do this?" Saying the words took the air out of my lungs, and I was having a hard time catching my breath. I was drowning in the realization that Edward and I were truly over. "I"ve been calling you for weeks. You never take my calls or call me back. I thought you'd moved on. I'm doing this for us. I'm setting you free." I couldn't say anything to him as I sniffled, sobbed, and generally made impolite noises with my nose. I could hear Edward talking, asking me to calm down, but I couldn't. I was distraught, even though part of me knew I had no right to be. I finally calmed down enough to listen to what Edward was saying. "Bella, baby. I'm going to miss your brown eyes in the morning light. I'm going to miss finding strands of your hair stuck to my white undershirts. I'm going to miss feeling your warmth as you sleep beside me. Most of all, I'm going to miss my best friend. I have missed you so much these past few months." His voice wavered throughout his statement, and his words only made me cry harder. This was goodbye. "I still want to wake up next to you. I still want all that. I don't know why I couldn't talk to you before. I'm stupid. Please forgive me." I had already lost him, but I was not above begging. He was crying now. I could hear the congestion in his nose. I could almost smell his tears. "We need to do this. Please sign the papers, Bella. Please." Each pass of my pen