Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games, Catching Fire, or Mockingjay. I'm not going to repeat this every chapter, this goes for anything posted under this title. I'm merely playing with Suzanne Collins' characters. Katniss POV I slowly begin to open my eyes. Looking around I can see that Prim curled up with my mother at some point during the night. I can't blame her. It's her first reaping today. I remember my first reaping, it's a terrifying thing, and it really doesn't get easier as the years continue. Of course, Prim's name is only in once, I'd never allow her to take out tesserae and add her name in more times. Some may call me a hypocrite because I do it, but I will not allow Prim to be in any more danger. I don't have a choice though. Same reason I don't bring Prim to the woods with me, I can't risk her being caught. Not that she could handle it anyway; she's too kind and caring for the woods. I thought the same thing about Peeta the first time I took him out there too. I won't lie, at the time I was hoping he'd never want to go back out there, turns out he's not half bad with a knife and he can skin an animal almost as well as me and better than Gale. Gale hates that. Gale and I are basically masters with a bow and arrow, Peeta never really picked it up. We only have two bows anyway. I get up and dressed, throwing on my father's hunting jacket last, and head to the bakery to meet up with my unlikely best friend then head to the woods for one more haul before the reaping. I get to the bakery back door, even with Peeta and I's friendship his mother is too much for me to handle. Rye's the one to open the door for me. "Well, if it's not my favorite little sister. What brings you here bright and early? Let me guess, you just had to see my sweet face before you went to the reaping." "You got it Rye. I just couldn't help myself." I tell him giving him the biggest eye roll I can muster at the moment. Rye Mellark is really something else. He's the biggest jokester I know and is never in a bad mood. He's ridiculously loyal though. He sees Prim and I as his little sisters. Wheat, the oldest Mellark is the same way. That's why when a boy pulled Prim's hair so hard in the middle of the square one day and she fell down, the boy had about two seconds before Wheat, Rye, Peeta, Gale and I were all over him. It was quite a sight. Seam and merchant don't really mix often in this district and to see the famous Mellark boys go after another merchant to defend a seam girl, well, the town talked for days. You could probably say our friendship is something legendary in 12. You basically never see me, Peeta, or Gale without the other two and more likely than not Rye is tagging along and then sometimes Wheat is there too. Peeta and I are also together the most because we're the same age so we're the same year in school. Gale and Rye are two years older than us and Wheat is two years older than them, turning 20 this past year. Prim is like all of their little sister. Gale's brother and Prim are close too but Gale's siblings don't usually hang out with us. "I knew it. Hey, where's lil bit? She doing okay this morning?" Of course he's worried about Prim. We all are. "She's still fast asleep and I hope she stays that way for a while. What about you? Last year, you excited?" "As great as not being in the bowl will be you know I won't rest easy until Peeta, Prim, and you are all out." This is probably one of the nicest things Rye has ever said to me. "Thanks Rye. Alright big brother, where's Peeta?" I see a blonde head around the corner but by the height I can tell its Wheat. "I can see you you know." "Of course you can" Wheat starts "why would I even try to sneak up on the great huntress of District 12?" "You're full of it Wheat. Seriously, I've got to get out there so I can feed Prim and my mother, where's Peeta?" "I'm here, I'm here!" And there's my favorite blonde of the bunch. "Come on slow poke, we need to get out there. You know how patient Gale is and today is usually worse." "I'm not looking forward to hearing his ranting either. Let's get out of here. Wheat and Rye I'll be home later. Oh wait the bread. Dad gave me a loaf for the squirrel from last night and then another one because today is well, today." Peeta grabs the loaves and we head to the woods. We laugh and joke the whole way there. It's an odd sight to see on reaping day but it's just not possible to be in a bad mood around Peeta. He's too good. Plus, for the past two years my heart has started to beat a little faster around him. I know what this means, I may not be a normal girl, but I'm still a girl non-the-less. Prim figured it out when it was first starting and has been nagging me to tell him how I feel but I won't. First off because it absolutely terrifies me. I see what love did to my mother. And the second reason, and the stronger of the two is that there is no way that Peeta would ever feel that way about me. He's always around me which means that I see the looks girls are always giving him. He could have any girl in this district without a problem. I don't really have any girl friends because of this. I may only have feelings for Peeta but it's not like I don't know that all three brothers and Gale are extremely handsome. You'd have to be blind not to see it. I once had a girl ask me how I managed to keep myself surrounded by gorgeous guys all the time. She was tentatively dating Wheat at the time. She tried implying that I was sleeping with them for them to keep hanging out with "seam trash" like me. Needless to say eventually Wheat found out what she said to me and the relationship was over immediately. It was three years ago but the girl still gives me dirty looks when she sees me in town. Losing a shot with one of the bakers sons is a good enough reason for a grudge in this town. The only female friend I've managed to keep is Madge and we're nowhere near as close as I am with my boys. I honestly think she has a crush on Gale and I think he may even like her too but with her not only being a merchant, but the major's daughter and Gale being seam it's a little complicated. We've made it to the fence and duck under to meet Gale at our rock. "Hey Catnip. Pete." Gale can't seem to call us by our real names. Peeta's name is just because he knows it gets under his skin, my name has more of a story. When I first met Gale and he asked my name I barely even whispered it so he thought I had said Catnip and it was just worse when a lynx started following me around the woods. It really stuck after that. "Gale." Peeta and I say in unison. Peeta pulls out the loaves of bread and I pull some cheese Prim left for us out of my pocket. "Look what Prim left for us." We always try to eat before we go in for a long hunt. "Thank you Prim" Gale starts, "we'll have a real feast. Oh, I almost forgot Happy Hunger Games" and I know what's coming next. We've done this every reaping since I turned 12. He switches his voice to imitate Effie Trinket, our district escort, "And may the odds-"he throws the berry high in the air for me to catch. "-be ever in your favor." I finish in the same voice. You'd think with me being a girl I'd be better at it but Gale has me beat. The three of us share a laugh, because that's better than being scared and those are the only two options. I look at my two best friends and I can only hope we'll be sitting right here again tomorrow morning. Gale and I could be sibling we look so much alike. Peeta is the odd ball when it's just us three. His blonde hair, blue eyes, and pale skin contrast Gale and I's brown hair, grey eyes, and olive skin. Prim matches Peeta though, I look like my father. Gale slices the bread and the three of us settle in with our bread and cheese, one of them on either side of me. It's no secret that they originally disliked each other. They were only originally friends because of me. They eventually hashed out whatever their problem was though, not that they ever told me, thankfully and while their not as close to each other as they are with me they're still friends. "How many times is your name in today?" I ask Gale quietly. "42." He answers simply. Peeta says quite for this part of the discussion. It's no secret that he's no in as much danger as Gale and I are. Gale even more than me. Peeta has never had to put his name in extra times like we have. It's not Peeta's fault of course and I don't hold it over him, Gale used to but doesn't anymore, Peeta had no control over being born in town any more than we did over being born in the seam. That's not to say that Gale doesn't still hold it over everyone other than the Mellark boys. Baby steps really. "You?" He asks. "22." "We could do it you know. Leave the district. Run off. Live in the woods. We'd make it." Gale tells me. This isn't the first time he's brought this up. "Gale, you know we can't. There's too many of us. Not to mention they'd find us." Peeta shifts uncomfortably. I'm sure he's wondering if we'd bring him with us. It's crazy to even think about though. "Maybe not. If we didn't have so many kids that is." It's true though. Between Vick, Rory, Posy, and Prim we'd never make it. Plus my mother would be a pain. I can feel Peeta rubbing my back now, knowing this is starting to get to me. "I'm never having kids" I say, maybe a little more bitter than I meant to. Peeta's hand pauses briefly then continues his circles. "I might, if I didn't live here." Gale states plainly. "But you do live here" I say getting a little frustrated. This is crazy. More mouths to feed? More children to feed to the Capital? Not happening. "Let's just hunt and stop talking complete madness. You want kids, I'm sure you'll find someone to have your kids, until then let's focus on feeding the kids we have now." And with that I get up and start our snare line. Peeta and Gale share a look and then get up to follow me. Peeta used to be way too loud in the woods. His footsteps were too heavy. Gale eventually taught him how to be more quite about it. Rye and Wheat never decided to try and come to the woods, they were too scared. It's one of the few things I can hold over Rye's head. We do well enough. Our snares