I hope you guys enjoy this... I'm rewriting Long Lost Love Found... This first chapter is the same as the last one but uh yeah... I don't own Twilight I Promise My Love 1861 Civil War "Jasper please don't go. I love you," I said I felt the tears coming to my eyes. Jasper pulled me into a hug and stroked my hair. "Shh… Bella it's okay. I'll be fine. Don't worry. I love you nothing could ever change that. I feel though, it is my duty to go to war. You must understand that. You'll wait for me right?" he asked. "Of course I would. I love you. No one will ever have my heart but you," I sniffed. I watched as he got down on one knee and pulled out a small box. I gasped. "Isabella Marie Swan, will you marry me?" he asked. I was speechless. I nodded and felt tears go down my cheeks. Jasper put the ring on my finger and kissed it. Then he pulled me into a hug. He looked me in the eye and tilted his head down. I stood on my tiptoes and he pushed his lips to mine. My hands wound into his hair and he tightened his grip on my waist. We broke away for air. That was the first time we've kissed. Ever. "I love you," I whispered. "And I love you. Bella Whitlock. I like it," he smiled. He sigh though, "I have to go. I'll miss registration." I let go of him and looked down, "Okay. You'll come back to me tonight to say good bye right?" "Of course. I wouldn't miss saying good bye to my wife," he smiled. He turned and walked to the door. He put his coat on and stood at the door for a moment. Then he quickly walked back over to me and kissed me again. It was long and sweet. We pulled away because he had to leave. "I love you," he breathed. He turned and left. I sat in a chair and cried. Please God; please keep him safe for me. I love him. Let him return to me. I thought. It was getting late so I retired to my room and grabbed a book. I was reading Wuthering Heights . I changed into my night gowned after a while and laid on my bed. Soon after, I heard a tap on my window. I got up and looked out. I saw Jasper standing outside of it. He waved me to come down. I nodded and rushed downstairs quietly. My parents were away on other matters. I grabbed a coat and ran into Jasper's open arms. He twirled me around and I hugged him. "Hi." He laughed. "Hi." I said back. "I got accepted. They believed I was 20. Can you believe it?" he asked as he set me down. "Congratulations. Now, I have a fiancée in the war. How respectable." I smiled. "Indeed. Although, I think this is un-respectable…" he trailed off as his lips met mine. I smiled as we broke away. I grabbed his hand and led him inside. I took my coat off and hung it up. Jasper did the same. I pulled him up to my room and I sat on my bed. He sat down next to me. "Can I spend the night with my gorgeous fiancée?" he asked as his arms snaked around my waist. "Of course. No one will know except you and me," I giggled. I laid down and he did as well. Though, he hitched himself up on his elbow and looked at me. I blushed. He just laughed feeling my self-consciousness. "You look beautiful. It's hard to believe, the most beautiful girl in Texas is here with me and she loves me," he mused. I just blushed harder. He shook his head as he chuckled and he lent down and kissed me again. My hands wound into his honey locks and he had one hand on the small of my back and the other was caressing my face. It was long and sweet, hot and passionate. I couldn't believe it. We broke away practically gasping for air. Jasper hovered over me and let his left hand caress my cheek and his right hand to play with my hair. I merely closed my eyes enjoying his touch. This kind of affection was not appropriate for single young ladies. Though, now that Jasper and I are engaged I presume to think its okay. If its not, I don't care. I love him and he loves me. I opened my eyes and looked into his gorgeous blue ones. He was perfect. He was the someone I wanted to spend the rest of my life with. I smiled at the thought of us growing old together and having children and grandchildren. He looked at me and smiled. "What are you smiling about?" he asked. "Imagining spending the rest of my life with you and only you," I looked at him in pure love. He bent down and kissed me again. I returned it. We stopped kissing and I was getting tired. Too many emotions today. I yawned accidentally and Jasper chuckled. "You should sleep. You look tired," he traced the bruise like marks under my eyes. I nodded and snuggled closer to him. "I love you," I said as I fell into unconsciousness. "I love you too," I heard him say. Goodbye My Love I woke up the next morning early. It was still dark and the sad thing was I was alone. I sat up in bed and wrapped my arms around my knees as I cried. I stopped crying and looked at my ring. It was the first time I actually looked at it. It had a gold band with one big diamond on it. It was simple but elegant. I loved it. Jasper knew me inside and out. Just of the thought of his name made me cry again. I sat there crying as I looked at my ring. Out of nowhere I felt like I was being hugged. I looked up and found Jasper in brand new clothes. I sniffed and smiled at him. "What's wrong love?" he asked. "I thought you left without telling me good bye," I sniffed. "I promised you I would say goodbye. I love you. I would never just pick up and leave. I promise you that. I do have to go though. Check-in is at 8 and it's already 7," He said as he stood up. I stood up too and I wrapped my arms around his neck. I kissed him and he returned it while his hands moved into my hair. I broke away to breathe and he chuckled. "I love you. I promise you I'll write and I promise we will be together again. Someday. I have to go" He pulled away. We both walked downstairs and I saw his bag at the door. I wiped away the tears that ran down my cheeks. He threw his bag over his shoulder and walked over to me one more time. He wiped my tears away and gave me a quick peck on the lips. I nodded and walked to the door. "I love you. Come back to me," I said. "I'll come back and we'll get married and we'll grow old together. I promise. I'll leave my heart with you. I love you," he said as he walked out the door. I shut the door and slid down to the ground and cried. I felt so empty not knowing if he was going to come back. I had to think positive; he promised he'd be back. I picked myself up and went back to my room. I got all cleaned up and was ready to face the day. Jasper's Point of view "I love you. Come back to me," she said to me. I could see the tears welled up in her eyes. "I'll come back and we'll get married and we'll grow old together. I promise. I'll leave my heart with you. I love you," I said as I walked out the door. I felt my heart ripped out of chest. It hurt to be away from her but it was my duty to attend the war. I felt I had to. It was all I could do to not cry or be depressed. I promised her I would be back and I will. I showed up to the check-in 15 minutes early. The recruiter looked at me. "Don't have anyone to say goodbye to?" he asked "I already said goodbye. I didn't realize I would be here early when I left." I said. The man looked at me. "How old are you?" "Twenty, sir." I replied. "Do you have a young lady?" he asked. I smiled and nodded. "Yes, I do. My fiancée." "Ah. Good for you." He nodded. Soon other people started to show up. It was finally time to go and I headed to a horse. There were thirty of us. All young men, the oldest that was recruited was a 30 year old. We all headed off to camp to be trained. The War Just after training I was finally going to see battle. It has been almost a year since I've seen Bella. It's been tough. I've made one friend Tommy. He was in the same situation almost, except he didn't have a girl. He was 17 as well. I told him all about Bella and he said it would probably be an honor to meet her in person. I have been writing letters to her and I would get the occasional one back. I had managed to keep them with me in my bag. It felt good to know she was doing well. Her parents had approved of our engagement, though they had always liked me anyway. She says she counts the days and waits for when I will return to her and that she misses me. She also told me about her new baby brother Todd. She says she takes care of him now. Her mom and dad are always busy. She doesn't mind though. I'm 18 now and feel that I have been doing well in my training. I was always top of everything along with Tommy. I just can't wait till I can return to my Bella, the most beautiful girl in Texas. Three years later I've been in the War now for three years. I'm twenty and Bella just celebrated her 19th birthday. She still writes to me and I her. She says Todd is a hyper three year-old and she loves him. We both still can't wait to see each other. Tommy and I both got promoted and we're the youngest in our ranks. One night, our job was to escort women and children to boats on the coast. Once they had got far enough, I left to head back to the fighting. I was just out of town when I saw three women walking. They were in-humanly beautiful, although I still thought my Bella was more beautiful. I got off my horse to offer them my aid because I thought they were just strays but it turns out I was wrong. I could hear them talking quietly to each other. I would hear like 'kill' and 'potential'. They would always look at me and I got nervous, though I was taught not to fear women but to protect them, I was certainly scared by the three young women before me. Shortly after their discussion the tall one and the short one left leaving the blonde one with me. She turned to me and stepped closer. "What's your name, soldier?" "Major Jasper Whitlock, ma'am." I said. "Well, Jasper, I see that you have potential and this is going to hurt but you'll understand after it happens," she said as she leaned up as if to kiss me and