here's the summary for anyone who hasn't read it already... Summary: Jasper Whitlock moves to Forks from a town just outside Austin Texas. He has a big secret and does a pretty good job of keeping it that way from the town where news spreads like a wild fire. First day of school he makes the basketball team, everything is goes well until... he meets a girl. The unavailable girl. The basketball captain's twin sister.... Bella; the very musical girl who loves her life... mostly. THey become friends and things progress... that summer disaster strikes on both their lives and they're separated. They meet again two years later(which feels like an eternity) at a music academy... Can they keep their old relationship a secret or end up being the talk of the entire school? Okay here is the new story, yes I've been working on it for a while but i decided to see what people thought. I've been getting really positive response to the summary so here is the first chapter. I don't own twilight but I own the plot. BPOV "Oh right, yeah because my brother is so gorgeous," I laughed with Ben, my best friend. "You never know, someone like him could go bother ways." He shrugged as we sat down at our normal table. Ben has been my best friend since I moved back here when I was four. My mom split with my dad but when she got remarried, she wanted to be with her husband and I was holding her back. So she shipped me off to Forks. My dad raised me and I couldn't be happier. Most people think we're together when they first see us but I know Ben would never be into me because a) he's like my second brother and b) he drives his car on the other side of the road, if you know what I mean. "Trust me. You know Daniel, he's not that kind of guy." He laughed and nodded. "I know I was just joking around. Plus, I've got someone…" he ducked his head bashfully. I squealed. "Oh my Gosh! No way! Tell me about him!" He smiled. "Well, I just met him when I went to Port Angeles on Saturday—" "The day you totally ditched me!" I added. "Do you want to hear about him or not?" I nodded. "Okay so anyway, I bump into him right and he makes me drop all my stuff, which I still need to give you. He apologized and we got talking he asked if he wanted to hang out but most guys only talk about chicks and stuff so I came right with it. 'I'm gay'. He actually laughed and didn't look disgusted. 'Me too' he says. It was really funny, so we're just hanging out at the moment but hopefully…" I smiled. "That's fantastic. When do I meet him?" "I was going to take him with us when we hit Danny's tomorrow." He smiled as I gulped. "I forgot about that. I'm not going. You told me you canceled!" He smirked. "You're gorgeous, you're going and …" he trailed as he looked past me. I turned and looked behind me. The basketball team walked into the cafeteria, loudly I might add, but that wasn't what got all the attention. The attention was there was an extra person. The new guy most people have been talking about all day. He looked gorgeous. His honey-blonde hair fell over his face that made his blue eyes pop and wore the simple yet styling plain white t and blue jeans that were worn like most guys: with the boxers showing. He had a black leather jacket thrown over his shoulder and a wallet chain hanging from his right side. Every girl looked ready to pounce. I noticed an arm thrown over his shoulder, which belonged to Daniel the basketball captain who just so happens to be my brother. I rolled my eyes and turned back toward Ben. He looked at the guy one more time and smiled. "He's a pretty good looker." "Hey! What about your boyfriend!" I laughed. "I can still look can't I?" he teased. "What's his name?" I asked. "The new guy is something Whitlock I think." He said. "Your boyfriend!" I said shaking my head. "Matt." He smiled and got dreamy eyed. I laughed and took a bite of a chip. Ben started tapping on the table to a beat and smiled. I liked it. I nodded my head to it a little bit and hummed a little. Ben smiled and nodded his head. "I like that," I said. "Can you come over after school today? Daniel's at b-ball practice tonight and Charlie's on night shift. He'll leave as soon as I get home." Ben nodded. "Yeah I'll come over. I have nothing better to do plus we can figure out what you're going to wear and play at Danny's." "Why?" "So I can impress Matt with my lovely styling skills." He gave the face that said 'duh!' voice. I just laughed and stood up. "I have to run to my truck. See you in gym?" He nodded. "Bye Marie!" he called as I glared at him. I hated my middle name. I walked past the "basketball team's table" and heard Daniel call me. I sighed and turned toward his buddies. I walked over to him and set my hand on his shoulder. "Hello Daniel," I put a smile on my face. "Hey lil' sis. Newbie is coming to practice tonight. Want to come watch?" Daniel invited and I noticed the new guy wasn't anywhere to be seen. "As much as I love watching you guys sweat during practice I have things to do." "Come on. Coach might even let you play," Daniel taunted. I bit my lip. That was my weak point. I loved playing basketball… "I already have plans tonight…" "Both of you can come and you can even do whatever else you want, come on." "Fine Daniel. I'll come. I have to go now, or I'll be late for class. I need to go to the truck." Daniel let me go and I walked past Lauren Mallory. Ick, bite me. "Swan! Your hoodies just keep getting bigger! How fat are you?" Lauren called loud enough that the cafeteria went silent. "At least I don't get lipo from my stomach and get it put into my butt!" I called as I walked by her while everyone laughed, including the basketball team. All the girls glared and I just smiled to myself as I walked to my truck. As I walked out I noticed there was no rain, hopefully the sky will be clearer enough to see the stars tonight. I grabbed my notebook and slammed the door closed. I turned and saw a sleek black Harley pull in. The guy hopped off and when he took his helmet off, I saw the new guy. He really did suit being a biker kid. I smiled to myself and walked by him. Ben was standing outside the cafeteria as the bell rang and walked me to Biology. I walked to my lonely table and pulled out my notebook. I still had Ben's beat in my head and I stared at the blank paper waiting for it to be covered in my scribbles I call words. I bit my pen cap and smiled as I got an idea. I jotted it down and heard the final bell ring. Mr. Banner stepped to the front of the class and was about to start the lesson when the new kid walked in. Mr. Banner sighed as he walked up to him. They were silently talking and Mr. Banner pointed at me once. The guy nodded and walked over to my table. The guy sat down next to me and I only prayed he was smart and won't copy off me. Mr. Banner jumped into what we were doing today and made us open our books to start answering questions. I was surprised when he said we could "chit-chat" while we worked because he never did that. Ever. I think I was the only one who actually started to do the work because Mr. Banner would set it for homework if people didn't finish so… The guy looked at me. "Hello, I'm Jasper Whitlock." He said in a Southern accent that made him even more attractive. "Hi. I'm Bella Swan." "Do you mind if I share your book? I don't have mine and I'd rather get this done than talk to… anyone else." I nodded and moved my book over. We started the questions and he never once looked at my paper or asked a question. I was happy that he was smart or he was just making stuff up. Mr. Banner came over when he noticed I reached into my bag and grabbed my separate notebook. "Finished Miss. Swan?" "Yep. Was there another assignment?" I asked. He shook his head. "What about you Mr. Whitlock?" "I'm finished as well." Jasper said politely. Mr. Banner looked at both our papers and made sure we just didn't copy. He nodded and walked away. I looked down at my paper and started writing again. I was hyper aware of Jasper sitting next me but he too was bent over a book. A few minutes later I saw a girl, Jessica walk over to our table. "Hello!" she greeted. "Hey," Jasper said nicely as he closed his book. "I'm Jessica Stanley." "I'm Jasper Whitlock. Nice to meet you," he flashed her a charming smile. "Hey Marie," Jessica sneered. "Hey Susan. It's Bella." I said sarcastically and noticed Jasper smirked. Jessica just smiled nicely at Jasper but rolled her eyes at me. She jumped into a conversation with him about her being a cheerleader and other… stuff. For the first time it made me look at Jasper like a ladies' man. He knew what to do to impress a girl. The bell rang and I stood up. "Well, nice meeting you." I muttered to Jasper as he stood up. "Yeah, you too." I grabbed my stuff and saw Ben waiting for me. "Hey." "Hi," he greeted and snatched my notebook. He looked at what I had and smiled. "We should finish this and you should do this at Danny's" "Yeah, I want to but I imagined it with two people." I said as we walked toward gym. "We'll do it together. Come on plus I can impress Matt even more." I laughed and nodded. "So here's the plan. After school we rush to your car. Speed to my house, I grab the guitars, I grabbed my other gym stuff and say goodbye to Dad." "You playing the beautiful game today?" he asked. "Daniel talked me into it." Ben nodded. "Let get to gym, so we're not late." We got to gym and I quickly got changed and made it to see the coach giving instruction to what we were doing today. How was I late? "Swan! You're late!" Coach yelled. "Sorry I didn't realize." "You're lucky your bother is on the basketball team and you're a generally good student. Sit down and listen!" I sat down and Coach explained that we were going to play volleyball. I sighed but was luckily put on Ben's team. Even if he was gay, he was super-athletic and not all girlie. I think that's a stupid thing a lot of people think about gay people. We started the game and it was all going well. It was almost over and my team was winning. I was waiting for the ball to come over the net when Lauren, the bitch, actually spiked the ball and it hit my head so hard I fell down. "Bella!" Ben called worriedly as he rushed over but laughed when I shook my head. He reached out and picked me up so I was on my feet. I just smiled. "Who knew the bimbo could