Draco Malfoy was raised a spoiled and selfish child. He lived in a grand manor, had every worldly possession he desired, and was waited on, hand-and-foot, by his house elves. He was often told how attractive he was, with his white-blonde hair and silver eyes, and he knew it was true. He was as handsome as he was rich. After his equally spoiled parents died, he inherited everything. His isolation within the walls of his lavish home only caused his amoral traits to escalate, until all but two of his house elves had abandoned him. Yet Draco didn't care; he spent his days locked in his room, counting his treasures and harboring disdain for the rest of the world. Late one night in the middle of January, an old woman hobbled to his door and knocked. Draco opened the door, leaning against the doorjamb casually, and wearing his usual sneer. "What?" he snapped. "Please," the old woman said, "would you provide me shelter for the night?" Draco examined the blizzard outside, aloof. "No," he said. The old woman eyed him carefully. "It's terribly cold out here. Please, I beg you to help me." "I told you no!" Draco snarled, standing up straight. "Now get off of my property before I make you!" "Very well." The old woman raised her hands to her sides, and light began to shimmer around her. In a bright flash that had Draco shielding his eyes, the old woman had transformed into a beautiful sorceress. Her sleek black hair hung long around her shoulders, a stark contrast to her emerald-green gown. Her blue eyes shone in the light from within the house. "For your selfishness and cruelty, I, Minerva, cast a terrible curse upon you." She waved her right hand in front of Draco's face. "Now the monster you are inside can be seen by everyone around you. You have one year to find a woman that will love you as you are. If you fail, you will remain this way forever." With another bright burst of light, Minerva was gone. Draco was on his knees, hunched over in great pain. He felt as if his every nerve was on fire; it was as if his father had cast the Cruciatus Curse on him. Black was tainting the edges of his vision, and he knew he was perilously close to losing consciousness. Two house elves came up behind him, and without saying a word, helped him to his feet and into his private chambers. It was a long time before Draco felt as if he could move again. His muscles were stiff and sore, but he didn't feel engulfed in flames any longer. When he finally had his wits about him, he got out of bed and walked into the en suite. There, he spotted two items on the vanity that hadn't been there before: an intricately designed silver mirror and a single red rose. Draco picked up the mirror, confused as to where it had come from. He nearly dropped it when he saw his reflection. A beast stared back at him in the glass. Gone were his aristocratic features, his admired handsomeness. Instead, strange cream-colored horns stuck up from the top of his head; he had horns! His perfectly straight teeth had been replaced with menacing fangs. His hands and feet were claws. Worst of all, he was covered in blonde fur, almost like a bear. Turning his head, Draco let out a muffled yell when he saw a tail protruding from his backside. Everything was all wrong, Draco thought as he rushed back into his bedroom. He picked up his wand from where it had been placed on the nightstand. "Finite Incantatem," he said hurriedly, waving his wand at his torso. Nothing happened. He tried again. The fur remained. Draco ran from his room to the massive library and frantically began hunting through the books on Dark Magic that his father had kept. Hours later, he still had not found a counter-curse. With a cry of rage, he stormed from the library and began breaking everything within reach. Tentatively, a lone house elf approached him. "Master, if I may?" he asked. "What?" Draco roared, rounding on the tiny elf. "The sorceress, something she said might help you." Draco's eyes widened. "What is it? Tell me!" The house elf fidgeted with his hands. "Well, she said if you could find a woman to love you within a year, the spell would be broken." Suddenly weary, and heavy with despair, Draco slumped to the marble floor. "How could anyone love a monster?" he whispered. In a small town, not too far from where Draco had hidden himself away, lived a lively young woman named Hermione Granger. It was early April, her favorite time of year, and she was out in the fields by her house, enjoying the wildflowers that grew there. Hermione had a good life, and she enjoyed it. Though her mother had been dead for many years, her father was still around, and his antics kept her busy day and night. She loved him so much. He was a retired dentist, and quite ordinary, but he was constantly trying to invent the newest and greatest tool that would make dentistry just a little bit easier. And while she truly did enjoy her mostly quiet life, secretly, she longed for something that wasn't predictable or plain. She wanted extraordinary. Sometimes she thought she had seen something magical happen; sometimes she thought she had done the deed herself! Hermione knew it was just her imagination running wild. She spent almost all of her free time with her nose buried in books of fantasy and adventure, which clearly led to her fanciful thoughts. A loud crash and a scream jolted her from her musings, and she dashed back toward her house. Hermione ran down the stairs to the basement entrance and flung open the door. Her father lay on the floor, panting, while a dentist's drill spun madly in the corner. "Dad, are you all right?" she asked worriedly. Dr. Granger sat up slowly. "Nothing feels broken." Hermione shook her head. "You've got to be more careful." "Nothing happened, really!" he protested. "I was just trying to get that drill over there to attach to this rotating glove." Hermione examined the glove her father was holding. It was a rather amazing invention, she thought. Dr. Granger had managed to take an old gauntlet that he'd scrounged from an antiques shop and had added a brace at the wrist that could spin. There were several slots and holes within the brace that supposedly would be able to hold every tool a dentist would conceivably use. Apparently the problem was getting the tools to stay in place. "You'll get it, Dad. I believe in you." "Nobody else does," he said, shrugging. "Yes, well, everyone in town thinks us a bit strange, don't they? What do we care?" "We don't!" "Exactly." "Were you going to go into town for a new book today, dear?" he asked. Hermione nodded. "Is there anything you need while I'm out?" "Could you stop at the hardware store? I've got a list of parts that I need." "Of course." Dr. Granger handed her a piece of notebook paper. "Thank you. I really think those parts will help me finish this project." "You're welcome. I'll see you soon." Hermione gave her father one last meaningful look before leaving the basement and starting the short walk into town. As she meandered down the dirt road, she critically examined the homes around her. It was strange how so many of the homes in this part of the country were old-style wooden cottages. They weren't living in medieval times—she wore jeans and everything! She supposed that it was to be expected, since they were located in a rather remote area. The hardware store was near the center of town, across the road from the bakery. Since the bookstore was still a few blocks away, Hermione decided she would pick up her father's materials first. She pulled open the front door, then immediately wished she had gone to the bookstore first. Ronald Weasley was leaning against the counter, flexing his nonexistent bicep muscles, and grinning lasciviously at Lavender Brown, the most recent girl that was drooling after him. Lavender flipped her long blonde hair over her shoulder, giggling prettily. Hermione ducked down the first aisle inside the store, purposely trying to avoid Ronald. He had been practically stalking her for the last year, trying to convince her to marry him. He claimed she was the prettiest girl in town, but she found it very hard to believe. Her thick curly hair could most often be described as bushy, and while her teeth were perfectly straight and even—now—she thought she looked rather plain. Hermione quickly filled a shopping basket with the ratchet, nuts and bolts, and electrical wires that her father had requested. Then she made her way to the cashier, plastering on an indifferent expression. It didn't fool Ronald. "Hermione," he purred. "You're looking particularly ravishing this morning." "Hello, Ronald," she replied with a roll of her eyes. Ronald waved Lavender away, and the daft blonde walked off, pouting in a clearly practiced manner. "I really think today will be the day I convince you to be my bride," he said cheerfully. "I can feel it." Hermione handed the cashier the money for her purchases, stuck the grocery bag in her tote, and finally looked Ronald in the eyes. "I sincerely doubt that." As she strode purposefully from the hardware store, Ronald followed her. "What do I have to do to prove my intentions are true?" he demanded. Without looking at him, she replied, "Nothing. I believe you have intentions of claiming me as your own. I am just not interested." "Why not?" "We don't have anything in common! I love learning new things and reading books. As far as I'm aware, you don't love anything, you hate studying, and you would rather play sports with your other Neanderthal friends than pick up so much as a newspaper!" Ronald reached out and grabbed her wrist, pulling her to a stop. He shoved her into the nearby alley and pressed her against the wooden wall of the store. Leaning in close to her ear, he whispered, "I know you're a witch." Hermione gasped involuntarily. "I don't know what you're talking about." "No?" He raised an eyebrow. "l think you know exactly what I'm talking about. And I'll tell you a secret: I know you're a witch, because I'm a wizard. My family have been for centuries." She pushed him by the shoulders, and he backed up a fraction. "I don't know what you're talking about," she insisted, "and I demand you let me go immediately." Ronald held up his hands in surrender. "This isn't over, Hermione." It took all of her self-control to walk calmly out of the alley. She turned halfway to address Ronald one more time. "It is for me." Then she walked down the street and ducked into the bookstore. She would be safe from him in here. "Hermione! It's so good to see you!" the shop owner called out from where he perched on a ladder. "I was hoping you'd come by today! I just received a book I think you might be interested in. Would you like to take a look?" Hermione smiled at the young man with messy black hair. "I'd love to, Harry." He smiled widely and climbed down from the ladder. He disappeared behind a shelf for a moment, then reappeared with a thick tome in his hands. The cover and spine were decorated with gold inlay and brightly colored flowers. Harry handed her the book, then pushed his glasses back up his nose. "Anne of Green Gables," she breathed. "How much?" "It's yours," he replied. "Consider it a very late birthday gift." She threw her arms around Harry and gave him