A/N: I am wishy-washy. I can't decide whether to write this or not. So. It's back up again. Forgive me for being...me...I guess. For those who haven't yet read this, here is a bit of info you might be interested in: I didn't kill off Fred, Tonks, or Remus in this story, so pretend like that didn't happen in HP7. Otherwise, everything is the same. Be aware that it makes a significant time jump. About six years. Because I can, that's why. Also. The HP Universe doesn't belong to me. Just this plot idea. So. Moving on. Prologue 2 May 1998, Hogwarts "Harry, Ron, Hermione, may I have a word?" Kingsley Shacklebolt asked in his quiet but commanding way. "Of course," Hermione answered immediately. She beckoned to her two best friends and they followed Kingsley out of Hogwarts castle and onto the grounds. Harry, who was still a bit shell-shocked from his final confrontation with Voldemort, stared at the grass beneath his feet. Ron fidgeted nervously while he waited for Kingsley to say what was so important. Hermione just stood there patiently, watching Kingsley's impassive expression. "I know it's a bit soon," Kingsley finally said, "but I have an offer for the three of you." Harry lifted his gaze, surprised. "We have suffered too many losses in this war, many of which were Aurors. We need to hire replacements immediately for the cleanup that is going to be taking place. As the interim Minister of Magic, I am offering the three of you positions in the Auror Department immediately, without the requirement of passing your NEWT exams." Kingsley held his hands behind his back regally. "Oh, I don't think I can do that," Hermione said, ever the level-headed one of the trio. "I never really wanted to be an Auror in school. Plus, I still want to take my NEWTs. For me, you know?" Kingsley nodded. "I understand entirely, Hermione. If there's anything I can do for you, though, don't hesitate to ask. And if you change your mind, you know where to find me." Hermione smiled. "Thank you, Kingsley." "What about you, Harry? Ron?" Ron nodded his head enthusiastically. "I'm in. Quite frankly, I never want to set foot in this school ever again." "Can't say I blame you," Kingsley chuckled. "Harry?" Hermione touched his arm gently. "What are you thinking?" His face was twisted in confusion and anguish. He was clearly conflicted about the right course of action to take. After a long silence, he finally shook his head. "No. I'm done with Dark wizards. With Dark anything." "Oh." Kingsley looked surprised. "Are…are you sure?" "Positive. I think, after everything I've done for the Wizarding world, I deserve to be a bit selfish now." Hermione smiled indulgently at him. "Yes, Harry. You most certainly do. So what will you do now if you're not going to be an Auror?" Harry shrugged. "All I really want to do right now is spend time with Ginny." He glanced somewhat apologetically at Ron, who waved a hand in dismissal. "I think I'll come back to school in September, just until I figure out what else I want to do." "Don't be doing anything…unspeakable with my sister, mate. Mum would never forgive me." Ron stared at him meaningfully. Harry smirked. "Sure." Hermione didn't miss the glint in his eyes that said, what you don't know won't kill you. She didn't say anything, though. Because Harry was right; he did deserve to be selfish for once. A part of her—mind, it was a very small part—didn't want to return to school if Ron wouldn't be there. But it wasn't as if she wouldn't see him whenever it was possible. She'd have to convince him to come visit whenever the school had a Hogsmeade weekend. "Well, I can't fault you for turning down the offer," Kingsley said to Harry. "And I'm thrilled to have you join the Aurors, Ron." Ron grinned widely. "Thanks, Kings." 19 July 1998, Ministry of Magic "Draco Lucius Malfoy, the Wizengamot hereby finds you not guilty of the crimes of which you have been accused, due to the fact that you were underage when they were committed. You are free to go." Draco heaved a sigh of relief for his own sake. "In addition," the random Wizengamot member continued, "the Ministry has decided to relinquish hold of Malfoy Manor and the Malfoy vaults at Gringotts." Lucius and Narcissa both straightened in their seats, which Draco knew meant they were relieved as well. "However," interrupted the head of the Wizengamot, Alfred Hollyfeather, "Lucius Abraxas Malfoy, you stand accused of aiding and abetting a tyrannical wizard, and have been found guilty. The only reason you are not headed straight for a cell in Azkaban is because Harry Potter vouched for you. He claims you acted under duress and, when given the chance to defect safely, did so. Do you have anything to add?" Lucius stood up slowly. "No, sir. I believe Mr. Potter has provided sufficient detail." Hollyfeather cleared his throat. "Very well. It is the ruling of this court that you will be sentenced to house arrest for no fewer than ten years and charged a reparation fee of twenty million galleons." Lucius nodded serenely and retook his seat. "Narcissa Sheridan Malfoy, you are also convicted of aiding Dark wizards in a time of war. However, as your infractions were relatively minor, you will be placed under probation for a period of time that will be determined based upon your behavior toward the Wizarding community. Do you have any objections?" Narcissa shook her head, but said nothing. "Very well. The Malfoy family is excused; you will be escorted home by two Aurors, who will then secure your home. Mr. Malfoy, you will relinquish your wand before you leave the Ministry." Hollyfeather waved his wand, and it emitted a chime, signaling the end of the session. Draco and his parents were quickly ushered home, where they convened in the library to enjoy tea served by the house elves. Lucius sat in his wingback chair stiffly, clearly feeling out of his element without his wand. Narcissa sipped at her tea delicately, a thoughtful look on her face. "What's on your mind, Mother?" Draco finally asked after having watched her for several minutes. "Well, I've been thinking about what I can do to prove to the Ministry that I'm sincere in my loyalty changes. What do you think about a banquet, where all proceeds will be used to rebuild Hogwarts and help the war orphans?" She tapped her delicate fingers on the arm of her chaise lounge. Draco nodded. "That's a good idea," he mused, "but I think you would almost have to have a theme of some sort, like…honoring the Golden Trio." He rolled his eyes at the idea, but knew it was likely necessary. "While a bit tacky, that is still an excellent idea, Draco." Narcissa pursed her lips. "And I think it should take place the night before the children return to Hogwarts." Lucius looked between his wife and son, but refused to take part in the conversation. He was already furious enough that he was stuck in his home without the use of magic for a decade. Life couldn't get much worse, in his opinion. "Agreed. Perhaps it should be an annual banquet?" Draco suggested. Narcissa nodded. "I think I will go start a list of ideas with Keely." Draco smirked. "Are you going to make the poor elf brush your hair while you do?" "Come now, Draco. You know better than anyone just how good she is at party planning." Narcissa waved her hand airily as she left the library in search of her favorite house elf. Lucius regarded Draco for a long time before finally speaking. "I hope you are aware that you will still be required to complete your marriage to Astoria Greengrass after she has completed school." "Of course, Father. I wouldn't dare shirk my duties as the Malfoy heir." Draco fought hard to hide his irritation at the reminder. "I should hope not." With that, Lucius stood up and left the library. Alone for the first time all day, Draco slumped in his chair. Of course his father would still expect him to marry Astoria. She was still at Hogwarts and would be starting her fifth year in September. Here he was, just barely eighteen, and his supposed fiancé wasn't even fifteen herself. It felt wrong somehow. That wasn't even considering the fact that he couldn't stand the Greengrass family. Of course, it definitely helped things that Astoria was stunningly gorgeous, even at her age. As shallow as it seemed, it was the only reason Draco was willing to move forward with the engagement. As such, he had been determined for years that whatever marriage he eventually had would be successful and better than the strained one his parents shared. Draco also promised himself daily that he would be a better father than Lucius ever was. No child deserved to grow up the way he had. Those two goals gave him a tiny sliver of hope that maybe he'd learn to love Astoria with time. 26 June 1999, Hogwarts Harry stared openmouthed at the Ministry official standing in front of him. "I'm sorry, what?" Nolan Pennyworth cleared his throat uncomfortably, still holding out the scroll to Harry. "Apparently the deed was misplaced. Deputy Minister Weasley found it when he was assisting in the cleanup of the file room." Harry glared at Pennyworth. "I know what Arthur's job title is, thank you. The man's practically my own father." "I—I'm sorry—I didn't mean to offend," Pennyworth stuttered. "The Senior Undersecretary to the Minister asked me to give this to you— " "I know what Percy's job title is, too, Pennyworth. What I want to know is why neither of them bothered to tell me." Pennyworth gulped and looked toward the temporary stage set up in front of the Black Lake, where Arthur and Percy were both deep in discussion with Kingsley Shacklebolt. "Er— " Harry shook his head. "Never mind. I'll ask them later." "Here you go, sir. Sorry again for the inconvenience." Pennyworth scurried away before Harry could lose his temper again. Harry stared down at the scroll—the deed—to his ancestral home in Ardwell. Nobody had ever told him that the Potter family had a manor—or the forty acres of land that accompanied it. Suddenly finding it very important to know every detail about the home as possible, Harry stormed up to where Arthur was standing. "Harry, m'boy! Thought you'd be off celebrating now that you've graduated," Arthur said genially. "Arthur, why didn't you tell me about this?" Harry waved the scroll in the air. His face paled. "Oh, right. The manor. I was going to give you the specifics tonight at the Burrow." Harry nodded. "We'll talk later, then." He walked away in search of Ginny, thinking maybe they'd head to the Three Broomsticks for a pint. As he rounded the corner by Hagrid's hut, he stumbled across a scene that bewildered him to no end. Luna Lovegood, the girl who talked nonstop about nargles and crumple-horned snorkacks, was snogging Blaise Zabini, infamous Slytherin playboy. Harry backed away slowly to avoid interrupting the couple, then turned tail and ran in the opposite direction toward the greenhouses. "Harry, what's wrong?" Ginny asked when he ran past. He slowed down and let his girlfriend catch up. "I saw—Luna….and…Zabini…" Ginny's eyes went wide. "You weren't supposed to know about that yet." "Excuse me?" "I'm sorry," Ginny said softly. "Luna asked me not to tell anyone just yet, because they're not sure how serious things are." "I suppose I can understand that," Harry acknowledged. "They'll be so pleased to have your approval," Ginny snarked. "Get over here," Harry growled playfully, pulling Ginny toward him. The two were soon engaged in a very enjoyable snogging session of their own, completely oblivious to anything else going on around Hogwarts as the