A/N: This is the third book I've written in the Lion, Eagle, Badger, Snake Universe. It's set in the 2006/07 calendar year and follows directly on from Lion, Eagle, Badger, Snake - you really need to have read that one to follow the new characters and the key plot points in this one, so please do head over to my author page and check that one out. There's also Snake Bites , set in 2017/18, as my Universe collides with Albus' first-year (and a lot of swearing). Enjoy (and let me know what you think...) The distinctive form of a long-eared owl spread its wings wide as it neared the quiet Devon village of Chudleigh, allowing the draughts of wind that blew onshore to guide it down towards the roofs below. The bird's yellow eyes picked out the nondescript form of 11, Manaton Close, and the diamond piping that covered the glass of an upstairs window. The owl tucked in its wings, swooping downwards to perch beside the pane and begin to tap, insistently, on the frame. On the other side of the glass, a twelve-year-old boy stirred in his bed, blinking his eyes open as the noise grew louder. 'I'm coming, I'm coming...' Greg Bennett muttered, though he knew no one could hear. He dragged a set of dark blue curtains open, searching for the source of the noise, before his eyes fell on the owl. 'Hello there, Marazion.' The boy smiled, unfastening a latch on the window and allowing the bird to hop through with a contented chirrup. 'Have a treat,' he reached for a bowl that sat further along the windowsill, offering a handful of small biscuits to the owl, which seemed content to accept the food. In return, the twelve-year-old unfastened a small strip of parchment from the bird's leg, trotting back over to his bed to digest its contents. 'Miss Pomfrey will Apparate you in,' Greg read aloud. 'She says she'll meet you at two o'clock.' He squinted, searching for the untidy scrawl of a signature that sat in the bottom corner of the paper, finally picking out the sender's name – "Josh". Greg turned the paper over, wondering for a moment whether to scribble a reply, before concluding that the bird wouldn't be able to return before he himself arrived. 'You can go, Marazion,' he called out, watching the bird step back through the open window before taking off into the morning sky. Greg smoothed the parchment out, placing it on top of a small stack of similar letters on his bedside table, before lifting a hard-bound book from the floor next to his bed. The twelve-year-old ran his hand through an untidy blond fringe, stretching out over his duvet as he flicked through the heavy volume to a page titled "House Quidditch", and begun to read it out. 'Gryffindor's grasp on the House Quidditch title was loosened in spectacular fashion this summer, following an unprecedented penalty shoot-out defeat against a Slytherin side that counted four first-years amongst their number.' A wide grin spread across the boy's face as he read the sentence again, recalling the moment when his friend Lucas Brand had scored the goal that confirmed their team's victory. Nobody had given the team a chance going into the season, and not without reason, as the previous year had seen Slytherin finish bottom of the standings by a record margin, but – with the help of a little good fortune on the way – the tables had turned. The letter that had arrived that morning, however, had not come from a team mate, or even a fellow Slytherin, but from a boy who had spent much of the year at odds with Greg and his friends, until the end of the summer term at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. It had taken a chain of supernatural events to break the hostility, as the Wild Hunt, a battalion of hostile spirits, had attacked the school, and – more specifically – Jacob Tregeagle, the Defence Against the Dark Arts professor, and Joshua's father. With this threat hanging over their school, the first-years had managed to overcome their House rivalry and work together towards defeating the Hunt. Joshua's father had not recovered completely from the attack, though, and it was for this reason that the two Tregeagles remained at the school. At least, this was what Joshua had said on the final day of term when he had tentatively invited Greg to stay at the castle: a request that Greg had accepted without hesitation. Now, however, as he re-read the story of Slytherin's season, and remembered the way that the Gryffindor children had treated his own House, not to mention a number of his other friends, for much of the year, he found himself having second thoughts. Greg flicked through his copy of the school yearbook, searching for the pages that held pictures of the pupils themselves, and their snapshot memories of the year. He knew the Slytherins had filled a page with a photograph of the celebrations after the Quidditch Cup playoff, but he had never bothered to read the other Houses' entries. 'Gryffindor,' Greg read, 'Ciaran Abercrombie,' his eyes picked out a picture of a sandy-haired boy, who waved shyly back. 'Best Memory: making so many new friends from all the other Houses.' He looked down the page. 'Spencer Dawlish,' a boy with spiky black hair barely looked back out of the book. 'Best Memory: making the right choice.' Greg sighed, looking back to the boy's forlorn expression. 'Joshua Tregeagle,' a boy with dull, mousy hair and a rash of freckles stared back despondently, above a blank space where Greg knew his favourite memory ought to lie. Greg shook his head, shutting the book and pushing himself up from his bed, gazing into a mirror on the far wall of his bedroom, and wondering what he would have written had he needed to come up with his own favourite memory. He crossed his hands over his chest, covering the scattered freckles that that splashed over his shoulders. 'Maybe that day when the Gryffindors started to trust me,' he thought aloud, 'or the day I met Glyn,' he wondered. 'I don't think I'd have put that down, though. Maybe I would have put the Quidditch final.' He pulled open a drawer, grabbing the first t-shirt he could find from the top of a pile, and trudged slowly downstairs to the kitchen. 'Morning, Mum,' he offered, greeting his mother as she bustled past. 'Morning, Greg,' Elaine Bennett echoed, busily cleaning one of the kitchen worktops as her only son reached for a glass of orange juice before settling around a circular table in the centre of the room. 'Everything packed? Do you know how you're getting there?' 'Yes, Mum,' the twelve-year-old nodded placidly, swallowing a mouthful of his drink. 'Someone's coming to collect me at two,' he answered, before pre-empting the next question, 'and everything's packed.' He smiled. 'Who is it you're going to stay with, again?' Elaine enquired. 'Josh Tregeagle,' Greg answered. 'His Dad works at the school,' he didn't expand on the events of the last weeks of term. 'He's a teacher.' 'That's nice,' his mother nodded. 'Is he coming to pick you up?' 'No,' Greg shuddered, grateful for a moment that his mother had her back to him. 'He's busy,' the boy lied, before deciding to add a garnish of truth. 'That's why I'm going, to keep Josh company.' Greg swallowed another mouthful of orange juice, reflecting on how easily he had deceived his mother. Slytherin , he thought to himself, before shaking his head, but so what? A sharp crack, a similar sound to a car backfiring, signalled the arrival of Poppy Pomfrey, the school nurse, and Greg's route back to his boarding school, a couple of minutes before two o'clock. 'Good afternoon,' she greeted Elaine Bennett primly as Greg's mother opened the front door. 'A pleasure to meet you.' 'You too,' Elaine answered, introducing herself. 'I assume you are here for Greg? The nurse nodded, glancing around the small house's hallway. 'Is he ready?' She adjusted the collar of her smart, black dress as the twelve-year-old appeared, changed into a dark pair of jeans and a simple white t-shirt, dragging a black carryall down the staircase. 'You have everything?' 'Yes,' Greg answered, mechanically. 'I packed last night.' 'Excellent,' Nurse Pomfrey acknowledged, 'and have you Apparated before?' 'Once,' the boy answered, with a shiver. The nurse dug into a pocket on the front of her dress, fishing for a small, orange tablet. 'For Apparition sickness,' she explained, offering it to the twelve-year-old, who smiled, self-consciously, as he took it. 'Apparation?' Elaine Bennett questioned, abruptly. 'What's Apparition?' 'Magical transportation,' the nurse answered, matter-of-factly, 'straightforward once you get used to it, but a little...' she paused, searching for the right word, '...unsettling for first-timers.' She held out her hand towards Greg, who turned back towards his mother, throwing his arms around her. 'Bye, Mum,' he breathed, 'see you next week.' 'Goodbye, Greg,' she returned the boy's hug, kissing her son on the forehead. 'Don't do anything I wouldn't.' 'I'll be good,' the boy blushed, returning to the nurse and taking her offered hand, before the two of them vanished with another loud crack, reappearing a few moments later – and several hundred miles away – beside an imposing pair of iron gates. 'You can't Apparate into Hogwarts, Greg,' the nurse explained, taking out her wand and pointing it towards the gates as she whispered a complex set of incantations. 'Security,' she added, leading the twelve-year-old onto a wide gravelled track that led up to the castle itself. Greg, still feeling a little queasy after the Apparition, didn't trust himself to both answer and keep his dinner inside his stomach, and so settled for a curt nod, following without complaint as Madam Pomfrey led him to a door near the base of Gryffindor tower. 'Joshua,' the nurse announced, peering into an untidy bedroom as she scuttled through the doorway, 'your friend is here.' 'Greg!' The blond boy heard his name being called before he saw its speaker, as Joshua Tregeagle sprung to his feet, knocking a pile of spellbooks to the ground as he hurtled to greet the newcomer, only to slow down as he came face to face with the Slytherin. 'Hi,' his face paled as he swallowed, looking down at the bottoms of Greg's jeans, and suddenly reminding the other boy of his melancholy yearbook photograph. 'Hey,' Greg smiled as warmly as he could, holding his hand up for his friend to weakly high-five. 'You alright?' 'I guess,' Joshua shrugged, turning back to his bedroom and navigating a treacherous path back to his unmade bed. His hair was tangled and unkempt, and the unbuttoned cotton shirt that he wore above a pair of knee-length shorts didn't seem to have received much more care. 'Has Spencer been yet?' Greg asked casually, but the other boy shook his head, glumly. 'Not till the end of August,' Joshua answered, sinking back onto his crumpled duvet. 'It's just been Miss Pomfrey,' he nodded towards the doorway, 'looking after Dad.' 'What have you done?' Greg asked, glancing around the untidy room, from the stack of spellbooks that Joshua had knocked over in the haste to greet his visitor, a broomstick covered in an apparently neglected pile of Quidditch padding, and a scattered set of gobstones. Joshua shrugged, before looking away to gaze out of his window and onto the school's grounds. 'Not much,' he answered, quietly. Greg hesitated, before sitting down on the end of the other boy's bed, just as his friend turned back to him in a rush. 'What was I meant to do?' He gasped, as his eyes began to burn, and though Greg shook his head, Joshua's outburst continued. 'It's been nearly two weeks,' he snapped, 'no one's been here! Not even a house elf!' He gestured to the chaotic condition of