Annabeth It was the fall of yet another year. The historic city of Kyte was covered in red and yellow maple leaves as slight breeze moved them in a flurry of crimson and amber. The wind was cold, indicating that winter was approaching and that sweaters and woolens would soon be in fashion. City buses rolled lazily through the lanes with hardly any passenger in them as it was noon. Everyone was either in their offices or in their houses. For kids it was school of course. The tall yellow towers of Brial High stood handsomely to the far east of the city. It's gardens and play areas stretched to kilometers as it was clearly the largest and the most élite high school in the city. The building also had a great past though. It was considered to be the cradle of the Kytian revolution, named after Sir William Brial, the first president of Kyte. There was a huge fountain statue of him just outside the huge main entrance of the school, reminding people of him, even after a century of revolution. Anyway, present day Brial High was like any other high school with foot ball teams, lockers and detentions but it was highly rated somehow. The kids who went there were often obnoxious and full of themselves but that wasn't really the complete truth or so they thought. Sitting in the math class room of the west block, student council president, an honors student, Annabeth Chase stifled a yawn as she pushed back her golden hair and tried to concentrate on what she already knew. The teacher was going on and on about some calculus problem. Annabeth didn't see why it was such a big deal but Mr McBee, their oh-so-stupid math teacher was convinced that the question was going to be on their final paper. Annabeth sighed as she tried to smooth her princess curls a bit. She was waiting for the bell to ring desperately. Not only she had another meeting with the council before the school closed for the winter breaks but she also was planing to surprise her boyfriend, Luke Castellan with a picnic basket and some canned apple juice. She didn't understand why, but she just felt like spending the last day of fall curled up in a blanket in the back yard of Luke's house. Everything was so quiet and peaceful there. Plus Luke would be really glad if she were there at his house with his lunch after he returned from a hard day's work. Luke had just passed out from a nearby university, nothing too big, and had joined as a trainee in a near by courier office. The pay was good and Luke got plenty of time to spend with Annabeth who lived just a few blocks away with her mom and dad and her horde of brothers and sisters. The bell rang shrilly, pulling Annabeth out of her daydream of Luke's backyard and pushed her into reality. She stood up hastily as Mr McBee handed over their winter assignments. Everyone seemed to either groan or glare at the stupid teacher but Annabeth just waltz past him after exchanging a polite goodbye. She sped up as she headed towards her locker to get all her books and stuff before the school closed. It was already hard to move in the busy corridor as the hall was filling with students, chattering excitedly about where they were going to spend their holidays. Luke had promised Annabeth to take her to the nearby hiking point for the weekend and stay there in a hotel, just the two of them. The thought had made Annabeth blush to her roots but Silena had practically engraved her lecture into her brain saying, 'It's high time for it Annie! Of course he wants to, he is seven years older than you for heaven's sake!" Annabeth ran face first into the crazy elf kid from mechatronics honors and fell hard on her butt. She straightened her uniform skirt as she stood up. Brushing the dirt of her checked dark grey skirt she glared down at Leo Valdez. He had just ruined her perfectly white button down uniform shirt and even her grey tie looked a bit crumpled. "Oh sorry Prez! Didn't see ya there." He said in a carefree tone and he stood up and brushed his grey full trousers. Annabeth was thankful for their almost black grey skirts or other wise it would have been embarrassing to walk around with a dirty patch on. "Watch where you are going Valdez." She said as she glared at him with her stormy grey eyes. The poor guy paled and put his hands up in his defence as he said, "My time machine is almost complete. It just needs a few more-" "Save it." Annabeth said as she pointed a sharp index finger at him and turned on her heels. She was getting late, she didn't really have time to have another argument with Leo about how a time machine could never exist. You see they all were a group the whole student council and somehow Leo was a part of it too who rarely attended the meetings though it didn't matter much and even though Annabeth was quiet mad at Leo for ruining her shirt then, he was a really funny guy to hang around with. As Annabeth opened the door to the council hall she sighed in relief, she was not too late. Half of the members were yet to arrive. She smiled at Silky, the petite blonde with shiny white teeth, and Jascar her vice president. Soon the other members were there and the meeting was in full swing. They talked about the winter fest and about the up coming foot ball tournament and then some more about the fest. At last the meeting was over and she was free to go home. "Nice work Prez." Everyone said softly to her before they left. It was a relief. Finally Annabeth was walking out of the main entrance when she heard voices from the garage. "Ouch! That hurt!" Leo whined and Annabeth rolled her eyes as she sped across the street and hailed a cab because a bus would take forever and she wanted to be at Luke's as soon as she could. Annabeth paid the cab and entered her noisy house. Her little brother Malcolm came running after her toddler twins who were not behaving... again. "Hey Sis! How was your day?" Malcolm asked, panting as he clutched the coat hanger for support. "It was okay. You have been busy if I am not wrong?" She said wile kicking her shoes off and heading for the kitchen. "You should try babysitting them for a change- Bobby! don't burn the curtains!" Mal dashed up the stairs to their parents room to get a hold of the twins. "I babysitted you remember!" Annabeth called after him with a smile tugging the corner of her lips. "I was the best toddler ever!" She heard him say before he disappeared into their parents room. Annabeth sighed and pushed open the fridge to grab a cold bottle of water. Everything was sort of crazy in her biggy family after all. As she shut the fridge she found a note stuck on it for her. Honey Me and your Dad are busy working over this new plan we have to hand over this week. Well be back pretty late. Could you please take care of Malcolm, the twins and Vera? Please Anna? We owe you one sweetie! Mom. Annabeth cursed under her breath and tossed the paper to the dust bin. She had already started cooking for Luke but it seemed like her parents just had to ruin everything after Leo had ruined her uniform. A nagging feeling about how everything was slightly off beat today bothered her. It was as if something big was going to blow on her face pretty soon. She sucked in a deep breath and looked around the house. It was big with three bedrooms on each floor, had an airy room as kitchen come dining room and a well planed drawing-room, but appeared to be crowded because of its inhabitants of two adults and five children. Malcolm, Vera and Annabeth were kids from their father's first marriage and the twins were from his second. But now he was back again with his first wife after a rocky relationship with his second and everything seemed to be fine now. Annabeth quickly switched her phone on and called her sister Vera, she was just a year below her. "Hey Anna!" "Get back home." "What?" "Mom and dad are out and you are in charge." "But-" But Annabeth had hung up by then. She had already pulled on her sneakers and was heading for the door again. She was afraid that she would miss that something big if she wasn't at Luke's at once. She could always cook at his apartment and still surprise him by just being their all of a sudden. Annabeth grabbed her red coat and opened the door a crack as cool wind gushed in. She shivered a little as the temperature had certainly dropped a few degrees. It was going to snow in a few days. "Mal! I am heading out!" Annabeth called out over her shoulder. Her brother came running out and bent at the railing as he asked back, "Again?" Annabeth felt a little guilty about leaving her brother alone with the twins but Vera was just cooling off in the gym. She would be back soon and besides, Luke lived just a block away. "Yeah but Vera would be back soon. Don't worry." Malcolm nodded and ran inside the room just as she saw one of the twins punch the other. She sighed and closed the door behind her. Those twins were the devils. She could have sworn that. As she walked the short distance to Luke's her phone buzzed. It was a text from Silena, actually a picture of her and her boyfriend Charls outside an ice cream shop. Both of their faces were aglow as they clung to each other and smiled for the camera. Annabeth shook her head and placed her phone back in her coat's pocket. Maybe everything wasn't off beat as it was so like Silena to click photos of every date of hers and send them to Annabeth. This brought a kind of relief in Annabeth's chest. Maybe nothing big was going to happen just yet. She reached Luke's building and nodded at the gruff guard as she passed through the gates. The roads had been vacant and cold if not for the frequent flickers of the street lights. She pulled her coat closer to her as she made her way towards Luke's apartment. He lived on the ground floor so she just ignored the lift and knocked on his door. It flew open. Strange. Luke was never the careless sort. He always made it a point to do things right. Cold fear gripped her heart as she stepped inside his house. Everything was dark and- "Oh Luke you abs are the best!" Suddenly Annabeth turned around. No. There was no one outside the house, just the windows and doors of the other apartments. Their red walls were pale and chipped but that as just the ordinary, the voice must have come from inside. Annabeth tiptoed her way inside the appartment, careful to not make a single noise and alert the intruder. She almost tripped over the sofa set as she heard again, "Your body's the best too." Her breath hitched at her throat. It was Luke. The voices were coming from his bed room. Annabeth quietly walked over to it and opened the door just a crack to peer inside. Luke was busy making out with a slender girl with straight brown hair. "I thought you had a girlfriend." Her black eyes twinkled as she