Lily's Defender By Snapegirlkmf and Alethea27 Disclaimer: All HP characters are the property of JK Rowling, we are only borrowing them to play with. This is a work of FICTION. People, places, and situations occur only in our imaginations, and any resemblance to people and places, living or dead, is purely coincidental. Warnings: This is an AU story—non-canon compliant, meaning that we pick and choose what we use from the books and the rest is tailored to fit our storyline. Characters may or may not behave as they did in the books, so if you read, don't complain that it's non-canon. It's meant to be different. Think of it as a what-if story. Be aware that there is some bashing of three Marauders, they are Potter, Black, Pettigrew. DON'T LIKE, DON'T READ! Prologue The Girl Next Door Written by Snapegirlkmf 12 Spinner's End Somewhere in Northern England: "Mu-u-um! Lily's doing freaky things again!" eight-year-old Petunia Evans shrieked. Then she shouted at her younger five-year-old sister, "Go away! I don't want to play tea party with you anymore, Lily!" Lily stared at her older sister, still holding a plastic cup with rosebuds in her small hand. "I'm not freaky, Tuney! I didn't mean to!" Huge tears filled her green eyes and threatened to spill down her cheeks at her sister's nasty words. She had been playing nicely with Petunia pretending to drink her tea, which was really milk with sugar in it, when she had tried to reach for a piece of bread with butter. It had been too far for her to grab and suddenly, she had managed to make the plate with the butter sandwiches move over into her hand. Lately, she had found herself able to make things move simply by looking at them and wishing really hard. At first she had thought it was neat, but her sister thought it made her an unnatural freak, and kicked up a fuss whenever Lily did something like that. No matter how many times Lily told her she didn't know how she did it, Petunia insisted that she did things on purpose, just to get attention. "Petunia, don't call your sister a freak!" Hyacinth Evans called up the stairs of their new row house. They had just moved in two days before and Cinthy, as her friends called her, was still trying to unpack a myriad of boxes. Her husband Paul was at work, having received a new position as foreman at the wool mill. "Now quit quarreling and play nicely." Petunia glared at her smaller sister. "I don't want to play with you, Lily. I'd rather play with nobody, so there!" "You have to! Mum said!" Lily argued. Petunia stood up and clenched a fist. "Get out, before I take Belinda and cut off her head!" she threatened. Belinda was Lily's favorite doll, a pretty black-haired jointed doll with a pink and white striped organdy dress and real leather shoes. "You wouldn't!" "Would too! Because I could pretend we were playing Tower of London and Belinda was a traitor to the throne and had to get her head chopped off!" Petunia said smugly. "You're mean, Tuney!" "Why don't you cry about it, Lily-liver!" "Don't call me that!" shouted Lily. Petunia chanted the hateful name over and over, getting Lily so upset that she knocked over some of the tea set. "Mum! Lily knocked over my tea set on purpose and made a mess!" shouted Petunia. "Mum, Tuney called me Lily-liver!" Lily yelled. "Girls, if you don't stop this bickering, you'll be sent to your room until your father comes home," Cinthy said exasperatedly. The girls had been bickering all morning and her patience was starting to fray. "Lily, come down here and leave your sister alone for a moment," she called, knowing that the best solution to the bickering was to separate them. "All right," Lily said, taking Belinda with her. Then she stomped from the room. "Who wants to play dumb old tea party anyway?" She came downstairs to find her mother kneeling down unpacking a box of kitchen ware in the small foyer. "But Mu-u-m!" wailed Petunia. "Lily spilled milk on the floor! Why do I have to clean it up? She made the mess!" "But you're older and know better than to tease her like that, Petunia Charlotte!" Cinthy declared, knowing full well that Petunia was the instigator. She turned to Lily. "Lily, next time walk away before you do something you know is wrong." Lily hung her head. "I'm sorry, Mum. But Tuney was being awful mean." "I know, but that doesn't mean you have a free pass to be destructive." Cinthy said firmly. "You can apologize to your sister after lunch. And she can apologize to you as well." She mopped sweat off her forehead with the back of her hand. The summer heat was sweltering, especially in a house without ceiling fans or a window air conditioner unit. "Why don't you go out front and play in the fresh air? I saw some flowers growing on the lawn, you could pick them." Lily thought about it, then decided she would rather be outside than inside. "I'll be right back." She darted outside, Belinda held securely under her arm. The front yard was small, but Lily didn't know that. To a five-year-old it seemed plenty big. She ran over to the small ash tree in the yard and began picking the bunch of wild flowers growing there. As she did so, she heard a strange sound, like a yowl. She turned and saw a large gray and white cat come racing towards her, followed by a boy about her age. He had dark hair and eyes and was wearing a pair of faded denim shorts and a long blue T-shirt. He had on scruffy sneakers. "Greymalkin! C'mere!" "Oh! A kitty!" Lily squealed. She loved cats, and the gray and white tom looked to be a particularly handsome feline. She knelt down and called softly," Here, kitty!" To her surprise, the cat looked at her and meowed. She held out her hand, which still had milk stains on it. Greymalkin sauntered over and sniffed her, then began to lick her fingers. Lily giggled. "Aww! He's sweet!" The boy stopped and stared. "Wow! Usually Grey doesn't like anybody 'cept family." He knelt and picked up the cat before it could bolt. "He got out when my Mum went to water the flowers." "I think he smelled the milk on me," Lily admitted, she stroked the ultra soft fur on Greymalkin's head, which was gray about the ears and forehead with a white face and green eyes. "It spilled when I knocked over my sister's tea set." "He loves milk. That and tuna are his favorites," the boy told her, cradling the cat in his arms. The cat was large, over twelve pounds, and could have easily jumped out of the boy's arms, but instead settled down and began to purr loudly. "You're my new neighbor. What's your name?" "I'm Lily. Lily Evans." "Mine's Severus Snape." He scratched behind the cat's ears. Greymalkin went limp in his arms, like a ragdoll, and enthusiastically purred like a rusty carburetor. "He's a beautiful cat," Lily said, stroking him. "He's my mum's." Severus informed her. "But he likes to sleep on my bed sometimes." "Aww, he's purring!" Lily said, smiling and scratching the big cat under the chin. Greymalkin's eyes half-shut and he purred and purred. "I wish I could get a cat, but my dad's allergic." She sighed wistfully. "I love them." "You can come over and pet Grey anytime you want," Severus offered. "My house is right next to yours, back there." He jerked his thumb back behind him, where a rather worn house stood. It needed a coat of paint and some of the shingles were missing on the roof, but it did have a lovely flower garden and two pretty pink rhododendrons on either side of the stairs. Just then a tall woman with long ebony hair done up in a French twist wearing blue slacks and a green crocheted short-sleeved top came around the corner of the house, and called, "Sev, did you find him? He's not under the hyacinth bush in the backyard." "I got him, Mum!" Severus called excitedly, clutching the cat so tight that Greymalkin mewed a protest. "Oh, thank goodness!" Eileen said, coming up to them and taking the cat from Severus. "Grey, you naughty boy! What do you mean, running off and scaring me half to death? I ought to give you chicken and water instead of tuna tonight!" she scolded, then she hugged the large feline. Greymalkin just rubbed his head against Eileen's cheek, and didn't look even the least bit remorseful. Eileen just sighed and then she looked over at Lily. "Hello there! Severus, who's your new friend?" "Her name's Lily. She helped me catch Greymalkin." "I'm very pleased to meet you, Lily. Thank you very much for helping find my cat. My name is Eileen Snape. You just moved in two days ago, correct?" "Yes'm." Lily said, a bit shyly. "We moved from Liverpool." "Well, welcome to the neighborhood. Would you like to come in and have a snack and some tea?" "Uh . . . I need to ask my mum. I'll be right back." Lily said, then she ran in to tell Cinthy about meeting their neighbors and helping catch a runaway cat. Cinthy came out to say hello to Eileen and Severus, and Greymalkin as well, before telling Lily that she could visit, but had better remember her company manners. "I will, Mum." Lily grinned, she had not expected to make a friend so soon. She glanced upstairs and thought about telling Petunia, then decided against it. Tuney had been mean to her, and she didn't think her sister would care about her new friend. Eileen promised to have Hyacinth over for tea and scones when she wasn't busy unpacking, then she led the way back across the lawn to her house. Once inside, she set Greymalkin down and gave him a small dish of tuna and a bowl of water. The cat was ravenous after his attempt to wander away, and gulped the tuna. While the cat ate, Severus sat next to Lily and watched as his mother served tea from their battered old china tea set, with the teapot cat which had a cat's face for the spout and a tail for the handle. The china cups were shaped like mice. There was also a plate of blueberry scones and another of pumpkin pasties. "Mmm!" Lily said, eating a pasty. "This's very good, Mrs. Snape. I never had one before." "Thank you, dear. I made them myself." Lily smiled, then wiped her face with a napkin. Little did she know that this would be the first of many visits she would have with her new friend and his family. That night, at dinner, Severus told his father about the new neighbors next door, and how Lily had helped corral Greymalkin. "Her name's Lily Evans, Dad, and she's really clever and she likes to play detective and thinks your old coin collection is neat." Tobias had a collection of ancient coins behind a glass case, it had been started by his grandfather, and had been passed down to him from him father. When Severus was old enough, it would belong to him. "Evans, huh? I wonder if she's my new boss' kid? Must be, since he just moved here." Tobias mused. He was second foreman at the wool mill, and a Union man. "You have a new boss, Toby?" "Yup. But Evans doesn't seem so bad. Least he's not a stuck up tosser like my old one, Rossmer. And unlike Rossmer, he knows what he's about. Told me he has two girls." "He does, Lily told me she has an older sister, Petunia." Severus said. "Only she's a mean rotten bugger." "Severus, you