Disclaimer: I don't own anything but my character Zar and InuFire owns Alvy. Both songs are from the lord of the rings soundtracks. Author's Note: Okay guys so this is a lord of the rings story (no duh) following the movie and bits of the book. Also most of its already to go but! I will not post the next chapter till the review amount is made and then to bring it all together take about one day. So yeah, that the deal. Enjoy. I watched a female girl as she walked through the woods humming to herself. Totally unaware that she was being followed. I kept to the trees, studying her movements. A small smile graced my lips as the human randomly burst into song. Then out of nowhere she was attacked by orcs. I stayed in the shadows of the trees as I watch her whip out a blade and wildly wheeled it about. I was impressed that she had been able to take out three of the four. I aimed and waited for the last ugly beast to come a little closer to the human and then at the right second I let the arrow fly from my finger tips. "Holy crap!" Alvy yelled as she saw the corpse fall slumped on the ground. Looking up to the trees she yelled "Okay come out I swear to god I'll kill you!" I laughed and stepped out of the shadows "Hello Alvy... it's been a long time" She glared at me and pointed her sword toward me "Who the hell are you?" "I'm not surprised that you don't remember me, after all the last time we meant you were three" I stated before pausing to smirk her way "Does the name Grandmamma ring a bell?" Her face held a shocked look for a few moments and a huge grin fell onto her lips. "Grandmamma!" My day had started out normal as usual, I had decided to go for a walk to clear my head when I felt as if I was being followed and so I walked for a half hour when four of the most ugliest orcs ambushed me. I draw my sword and being to fight, I had three of four and was about to attack the last when an arrow lodged itself inside of the orc. I called out to whomever it was and then a young woman who seemed to be my age came out and said hello to me. All I could think was who is this person and how does she know who I am. One word 'Grandmamma!' Zar Omar Lyme was a dark elf who had saved me from drowning when I was three years old. "Grandmamma, how in the world are you? What brought you here?" There were so many questions running through my head that I almost missed her reply. "I was 'summoned' to the elven palace." she smirked as if she knew why she was going there in the first place. I watched Alvy become energetic and happy as she asked me what I was doing there and where I was heading to. I smirked in an all knowing way as I answered "I have been summoned to the elven palace" "Elves? The only elf I've ever seen was you Grandmamma" She paused "What are they like?" I spoke short and to the point while my voice held a high note of happiness "Well would you like to come with me and find out for yourself?" She gasped and let a sigh out "Well... I don't know I may end up annoying the crap out of you" "You did that when you where three, if I didn't kill you then, I think I can handle it now" I gave her in reply along with a raised eyebrow. Alvy slowly grinned at me "Can I?" "I wouldn't have asked you in the first place if I didn't mean it. Now make up your mind Alvy, after all I do have a lot of ground to cover before I get to Rivendell" I spoke while slowly inching my way down the path a little ways. Alvy gave it a moment more thought before answering "Sure why not." Later on "Come on Grandmamma! I wanna hear you sing! I'm always told elves have the pettiest voices!" Alvy whined. Before speaking I felt my left eye twitch for a second "I told you Alvy, I am not an elf, I am a Drow... an I will not sing such a childish song" Alvy rolled her eyes "Elf, dark elf, what the hell is the difference? And second the song isn't childish, it's fun!" "I am not singing that song and that is final "I huffed at her. She was about to protest, until I gave her a glare. Her mouth went for opened to close in a heartbeat. I heaved a large sigh and thought to myself 'what did I get myself into... hopefully the rest of the walk will be silent It has been at least two days of traveling but we finally made it to Rivendell, home of the elves. I had never been so far from home before and Grandmamma had said that once I got back home that it wouldn't feel like home. I don't know maybe she's right but I hope even if it is so that I'm happy The Palace was so beautiful and the elves were just as lovely, from the corner of my eye I saw an elf with long blonde hair and long legs and I just knew that I'd look like a hobbit next to him, hell I even look short compared to Grandmamma, she's a dark elf for gosh sakes. When we walked inside we were greeted by servants and were escorted to the meeting palace. "Damn, I'd hoped we would have missed it." Grandmamma whispered to herself "So this meeting what's it about?" I asked as we came to an outdoor porch where a large group of men, elves, and... What the hell hobbits? I gave the group of ALL MALES one more look and then I saw him it was that elf with the long legs. WOW! Geez if Grandmamma found out what I was thinking she'd hit me and tell me to get my head out of the clouds like she use to when I was three. The four hobbits looked so confused and scared around the taller men, but I could relate quite well "Umm, Grandmamma what the hell is going on? What is with the hobbits?" They looked a little offended when I asked the last question but a man about thirty-five opened his mouth and spoke, "Why are there women here, they'll just slow us down." the man said with a sneer but before he or anyone else could speak Grandmamma had a knife up against his throat. "I dare you to say that again little boy." Damn when did she move! "Please Zar calm down." said an elf that walked with such grace I knew by looking at him that this man was the king. "Umm, Grandmamma what the hell is going on? What is with the hobbits?" Alvy spoke out loud before thinking over her words. I had wanted to laugh at her facile emotions till I heard one of the human men speak up. "Why are there women here, they'll just slow us down." He sneered at myself and Alvy. I moved quickly and silently as I placed a dagger at the base of his throat. "I dare you to say that again little boy" I growled animalistic I let a small smirk slide onto my lips as I looked to Alvy. A dumbfound look was easily shown as her eyes held a glint of laughter. "Please Zar, calm down" An elf that stood a good three feet over me, with dark brown long hair pulled half up to show off his pointed ears, said. I moved away from the man and walked over to my Alvy "I'll keep my peace as long as the other party agrees to keep their mouth shut, Elrond" "Please this is a meeting of all races to discuss the saving of middle-earth" Elrond spoke while giving me his normal don't-push-it look to me. The man spoke once again "Yes all races but we already have the elves" Lord Elrond spoke before I could insult the fool of a man "Zar isn't of the elven races, Lord Boromir, she is the last of the Drows" "We have decided to have one of each race go with the ring bearer Frodo" Elrond spoke direly at me. I'm sure the look of unhappiness was clearly writing all over my face. "And I am to go" Alvy smiled and spoke her mind "Cool we get to go on an adventure!" Boromir opened his ungrateful mouth "One women is enough" "Lord Boromir has Lady Zar's attack on you make it not clear enough, the ladies are not useless and can take care of themselves" An elf with long blonde hair, spoke gracefully. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Alvy staring at him as I had spoken "If I go Alvy is to come with me, she is my responsibility" Elrond spoke up before anyone could protest "Then it is done, Lady Zar and Lady Alvy will be joining the fellow ship." As all where leaving the elf that had spoken on our behalf introduces himself to Alvy. I was pay close attention till I felt a soft hand on my shoulder. "It's been a long time Zar" The voice of Aragron said while giving me a smirk. I looked him in the eyes "So what if it has you pest" "Oh you're not still sore about the dead rat in your bag are you?" Aragron laughed. I growled again "As long as you're not still mad about a woman beating you" "I told you I let you win Zar" Aragron spoke with a small smile. I rolled my eyes "Of course, after all you are a gentleman" "So you've taken note of it then?" Aragron grinned. I scoffed and was about to embarrass him only to have Lord Elrond speak to me and Alvy. "Ladies if you'd please follow me I'll show you to your rooms." Elrond spoke with a fatherly smile on. Alvy looked to me and I nodded telling her it was fine. As we walked down the hall I knew I was going to get a stern talking to by Lord Elrond by the way he gave me that fatherly smile. I sighed and looked to Alvy wondering what my friend and "Granddaughter" was think with her spaced out look. Legolas Greenleaf, Oh my goodness! He is so sweet and kind too! The way he defended Gran and me was so wow! That Boromir guy is an idiot geez Grandmamma could really kill him and not lose any sleep over it. So, now we're all going on an adventure though I think the guys are worried about me tagging along? I may not be the best fighter but I can hold my own if need be. The eleven king lead us to our rooms and when I entered mine my breath was taken, it was amazing like nothing you could have imagined. As a walked to the bed I saw a large oak mirror and I saw my reflection, my long dark auburn hair was falling out of the braid and I had dirt on my lightly tanned skin and my green eyes popped out behind my thick long eye lashes. God I looked like I spent the day on a farm. But before I could do anything to change that Grandmamma Zar came in. "So what was with the faraway look after talking with the blonde elf?" Gods did she notice damn "Nothing he told me not to worry about Boro-man because he is