AN: It is ridiculous how long it took me to publish this story, but here I am now. To call this a Jily story might be a stretch, since it 's more about the marauders era in general. It picks up at the beginning of fifth year and hopefully continues all the way through school and after that as well. Also, English is not my first language so there might be a few grammar mistakes. R&R /Liz Of course, I own nothing of Harry Potter. Except for the books in my bookcase, they are very much mine and no one else can touch them. It was the first day of September, not autumn enough for the leaves to turn red on the trees, yet not summer enough for the sun to warm the pavement outside King's Cross station. A car, a small, blue Volvo, pulled up and stopped abruptly outside. A redheaded girl opened the back door, bag over her shoulder and a black cat in her arms. She grabbed the trolley her mother handed her and put the cat inside the cage that her father had placed on top of it. She went in front of her parents through the doors to the station. Inside the station, she pushed herself through the mass of people standing in line to buy tickets, or watching maps, their eyebrows raised in confusion. "Lils!" Next thing Lily knew someone was hugging her tightly around her back. She turned around to discover her friend Marlene. "Marls!" Lily hugged her friend back. "You're tanned! I take it Greece was good." "It was great." Marlene's brown eyes sparkled. "Except that mum thought she needed to hold my hand every time we went out of the hotel. I was just like 'I'm not five years old'."" "Where is your mother now?" "I think she took Ellie to the platform. She had a meltdown this morning when she realised all her kids are 'all grown up'."" Marlene did an not too convincing imitation of her mother's voice. "I don't see how she can think eleven is grown up." Her parents had caught up with them now and Lily's mother must've heard their conversation. "Maybe you should pay your mother some respect. It's hard to see your kids growing up, and now she will be home all alone too. I remember the first time Lily went away, I cried for days." "Mum, go away," Lily murmured. She loved her parents, except for when they were interrupting her conversations with their "wise words"". Lily's mum ruffled Lily's long red hair before stepping back and talking to Lily's dad instead. Lily turned to Marlene again with a laugh. "So your mum let you walk around the big scary train station all on your own huh? She must really be a wreck." If Lily had learnt something from her visits at the McKinnons it was that she was lucky to have parents who didn''t snoop on her. Mrs. McKinnon, on the other hand, wanted to know everything: where they had been, what they had done, who they had met. "Kind of," Marlene laughed. "Have you heard anything from the others?" "No. I guess Mary will come running in at the last minute as usual, and Alice is probably on the platform already." "How much time left until we need to get there?" Marlene asked her and Lily checked her watch. "I would say ten minutes, fifteen at most." "Perfect, I need to buy salted almonds." Marlene smiled and dragged a few pound bills from her purse. Lily asked her parents to watch their trolleys as she and Marlene went over to the small store selling candy, magazines and fruit. While Marlene payed for her almonds, Lily grabbed a few packages of her favourite muggle chewing gum. "Fruit, huh? I would've taken you for a spearmint girl Evans." Lily turned around quickly at the sound of the familiar voice. Sirius Black stood leaned against the gum shelf, a bag of crisps in his hand. "What're you doing here Black? Where's Potter?" Lily snapped. During the summer she had almost managed to forget how annoying James Potter and his best friend were. "Your soulmate is currently paying for our candy." "Never. Call. That. Arrogant. Git. My. Soulmate. Ever. Again." Lily hissed before throwing the gums on the counter together with the muggle money in her wallet. "Come on Marls. We need to get to the train." She snapped when she got her change. Marlene followed her out of the store without a word. Her parents waited for them not far from the barrier between platform 9 and 10. Together she and Marlene ran towards the solid brick wall. "Does that ever stop being scary?" Lily wondered when they were on the other side. "I always expect myself to crash into the wall."" "Why?" Marlene wondered. "I don't know…maybe because in the muggle world solid brick walls don't so often turn out to be unseen entrances to other worlds." Marlene laughed and Lily hit her arm. "I'm serious!"" They were almost at the end of the platform when Marlene pointed at Alice, who stood next to a woman looking much like her. "That's her mother, right?" Lily asked Marlene in a whisper. Marlene nodded. Lily grabbed a steadier grip of her trolley before running up next to Alice. "Hi Al!" She said before turning to Alice's mum. "Hello Mrs. Fortescue." "Red hair, green eyes and a bright smile, you must be Lily," Alice's mother sais. Lily nodded. ""It's lovely to meet you, Lily," Mrs. Fortescue smiled at her before spotting Marlene. "Oh Marlene, you've grown so much!" Marlene gave her an insecure smile. "I said that to Harold just this morning, 'the girls are growing up to ladies', I said. Didn't I, Alice dear?"" Alice hid her face in her hands and Marlene looked happy to get an excuse to get away when Lily's parents appeared in the crowd. "I guess we should board," Lily whispered. "Guess so", Marlene nodded in approval. The three girls started lifting their trunks on board the train. "Lilypad! Can't an old dad get a goodbye before his daughter goes away for a year?" Lily nodded at him and finished lifting Marlene''s trunk up the stairs of the train before walking back to her parents. "Have a nice term now, honey", he said while he dragged her into a hug. Lily hugged him back before turning to her mother. "Bye, mum." "Promise you'll write", her mother grabbed her shoulders, "every week. I want to know everything that's going on in my baby's life. I'll miss you so much."" "Mum, you'll see me again by Christmas." "I know but you're my baby girl, I don't want you to go away at all." Her mum looked at her and stroke a hand over her cheek. "Look at this, our little girl, all grown up," Lily's dad put his arm around her mum and stroked his hand against her back, but Lily could see his eyes sparkling at her. The train spat out smoke and Lily hastily said goodbye to both her parents, promising once again she would write, before boarding the train together with Alice and Marlene, who had just finished saying goodbye to their own families. Marlene had her younger sister Ellie with herhe tiny girl held Marlene's hand hard as they walked through the corridors of the train. They found Mary in a compartment in the back of the train together with Dorcas Meadows, a Hufflepuff in their year who hung out with them from time to time. "Hi Dora. Mary." Marlene nodded at the two girls. They put their trunks on the luggage shelf before sitting down. Lily fiddled with her prefect badge. A feeling she had forgotten about something gnawing in her chest. What Alice said ten minutes later abruptly reminded her. "Lils, shouldn't you be in the prefect compartment? "Oh Merlin. Thanks Al!" Lily quickly got out of the compartment and made her way through the corridor of the train. As Lily closed the compartment door behind her, Mary turned to the others and asked: "Who else do you rekon's prefect?" "I really can't see any guy in Gryffindor nearly responsible enough to get it," Marlene said, putting her bag on the seat next to her and leaning back in her seat. "There is no chance that it's any of the Marauders." she made a pause and waited for the others to nod in agreement. ""And Longbottom is way too shy." "So you can't be shy and prefect?" Alice protested. "The only reason you say that is because you've got a thing for Longbottom", Mary told her and ignored Alice''s response that she "did not!". Instead she turned to Marlene. "The only one left is Arnold."" Marlene had totally forgotten about him. He wasn't really shy or quiet but in the same class as the marauders, he was often overlooked. "I bet it's him", Marlene said. "I always thought he seemed responsible." "He's quite good looking too", Mary was quick to say. "Mary! What do you think Lily will be doing during prefect patrol?" Marlene tried her best sound as if she was actually kidding. "So she won't take advantage of empty hallways and an attractive guy?" Mary Scoffed, "I would." "To no ones surprise." Marlene retreated, hoping Mary didn't notice her harsh tone. She was sure Alice did though because she quickly took charge of the conversation. For the next fifteen minutes, the two were engaged in a discussion about whether or not making out during prefect patrols would put you in detention, were you discovered. Marlene leaned back in her seat and looked at the landscape flying past the window outside. Muggle villages separated by yellow fields passed by. Alice and Mary didn't stop talking until three boys bashed the compartment door open and stepped in. "What's up Marls?" James Potter threw himself flat over two seats, on top of Marlene's bag, and forced her to high-five him. "Where is your fourth musketeer?" Mary , she too had noticed the absence of Remus Lupin. "He abandoned us!" Sirius burst out. "he became a prefect! Does he not realise this is dishonouring our entire group? One of the marauders, a prefect?"" Marlene rolled her eyes. Ever since the Hogwarts letter containing Remus' prefect badge had arrived at the end of July, Sirius had seemed unable to think about anything other than the "betrayal"" their friend put them through. "Remus is prefect?" Mary asked in disbelief. "You know, that makes sense. He should probably keep these three…" Alice nodded at the boys "…from coming up with too much mischief."" "Oi Prongs, you hear that? Fortescue's hoping for a calm year." "Ugh…Sorry girl, this year will be legendary," James smirked. "This will be the best year of all time. Thousands of years into the future they will not teach us about goblins in History of Magic, they will talk about the epic year when the marauders pulled a prank on every student and teacher in the school, including Dumbledore himself." "How will you have time for that?" Alice sounded suspicious. "We've got O. this year. You'll need to study your asses off." "We already know everything." Sirius said. "Besides, I doubt the Banchory Bangers will care what Transfiguration grade I get. Even if I will get an O because I've got a talent above everyone else's." James talked louder and ran his hand through his black messy hair. Marlene was positive it was because a certain redhead had opened the door to the compartment. Lily walked straight past James, snorted as an answer to his greeting and sat down opposite to Alice. She started telling her about the prefect meeting. Marlene saw James looking at her from the corner of his eye while listening to Sirius, who talked about their epic end-of-the-year prank. Marlene had already heard these plans multiple times during the summer holidays and her mind