The beam of early morning light filtered in through the opening in the curtains and landed directly across both of her closed eyelids. She groaned and tried to turn away from the unwelcomed light threatening to disturbed the alcohol induced sleep coma she had been in. There was a heavy weight across her middle blocking her attempts to move. She cracked an eyelid hissing at the offending brightness of the morning sun. The weight was an arm and that arm was attached to a man in her bed, a naked man. Looking down she saw that she was also naked and snippets of the night before started to work their way back into her consciousness. "Shit," she muttered to herself, scrubbing the grit of sleep from her eyes. What the hell was his name? It was something ridiculous, that much she was sure of. It had been something like magical, miraculous, marvelous…Marvel, that's it! She scoffed under her breath and rolled her eyes. He was anything but a marvel and who names their kid that anyway? It had to be some stupid nickname that he thought made him sound intriguing or sexy. While she could admit that he wasn't bad looking, he was definitely not someone she would have chosen to bring home if she were sober and absolutely not the first night she met him. She was lonely and had too much to drink. He was available and kept plying her with more alcohol and sleazy pick up lines. She needed to get him out of her room and her apartment. She needed a very large coffee, a shower and some alone time. She gently lifted his arm and rolled out from under it, letting it drop back down on the mattress with a dull thud. He didn't even move. The only thing confirming he wasn't dead was the sound of his snore that occasionally drifted out from the pillow his head was currently buried under. Grabbing her robe and securing it tightly around her, she walked to the other side of the bed and cringed at the bare leg and naked ass hanging out from under her favorite comforter. She was definitely going to have to wash these sheets today. Using her toes, she gently placed her foot on the offending butt cheek and gave her one night stand a firm shake to wake him up. He thrashed and mumbled incoherently, but finally crawled out from under the pillow once she shook him one more time. "Hey….gorgeous," he said. She watched him struggle as he desperately tried to remember her name. "Good morning," she replied as she tossed his shirt and underwear on his chest. "Ummm…I need to get ready to head into work soon. Do you have someplace that you need to be?" While she didn't actually have to be to work for several hours, she was trying to be as tactful as possible while asking him to leave. "You sure you don't want to dive in for seconds?" He pulled the comforter back, taking his erection in hand and wiggling his eyebrows to her suggestively. "I think I'm going to have to pass." "C'mon babe," he reached up and grabbed the tie of her robe, "you couldn't get enough of this dick last night." "I said no. Now, I need you to leave…please." She could feel her face getting flushed at the irritation of the predicament she put herself in. She was never drinking again. She closed her eyes and took a deep, calming breath before she snatched the tie of the robe out of his hands, handed him his jeans and motioned towards the door. As Marvel walked out of her front door, he turned and pinched her nipple through her robe then said, "You just send daddy a text when you're feeling thirsty. I'm sure I can make it wet enough to quench that thirst." Then, he disappeared down the stairs leaving her standing in the doorway with her mouth hanging open and her fists balled in furious rage at her sides. District 12 was a popular bar run by Katniss' uncle, Haymitch Abernathy. Haymitch wasn't her uncle in the biological sense. He had been her father's best friend and when her mother and father died in a car accident shortly after her 11th birthday, Haymitch stepped in as the parental figure for both Katniss and her younger sister Primrose. District 12 became a reality after Haymitch's home brewed beer, The Hob, grew in popularity throughout their small town followed by the nearby city and the entire state. He used the funds from his microbrewery to open the bar five years ago, which he was now refurbishing into a gastropub due to the growing demand for more than just drinks from his patrons. Their small town was currently being used to film a wildly successful television show and they were inundated with a steady stream of tourists during both the filming and watching season; so basically year round. These people loved the rustic and charming small town feel of District 12, but were also starving after touring the town and the sets and needed to be fed. This is why Katniss was sitting in her car outside the bar at 10am on a Sunday. She nursed the iced coffee in her hands, bringing it up to her temples to try and calm the pounding in her head. "Sweetheart! I can see you sitting in there. Get your ass out of the car and come help." Haymitch was standing in the doorway of the bar with a stained dishtowel thrown over his shoulder and sweat glistening on his brow. He had been throwing everything he had into this renovation and Katniss worried about him. Not only was he getting up there in age, but he was also functioning alcoholic. He tried to keep it hidden but it really was one of the worst kept secrets in town. Katniss pushed her sunglasses up the bridge of her nose and stepped out of her car, still keeping a death grip on the coffee. It was mid-July and nearly 95 degrees even this early in the day. She was sure the humidity was at about 500%. Beads of sweat were already forming in her hairline. Haymitch let out a low whistle as he sized her up. "You look like shit, sweetheart. Rough night?" "And, a rough morning. Please don't ask," she said, shaking her head at the questioning look on his face. She brushed passed him as he playfully tugged on the braid hanging over her shoulder and made her way to her favorite seat at the end of the long, mahogany bar. The cool wood felt good against her cheek as she laid her head down and closed her eyes. Haymitch pulled the sunglasses off her face and set a glass of water and two aspirin in front of her. "Drink up. You're absolutely no good to me in your current state. I have our new chef coming in today and I need your help restocking the bar and finishing the painting in the back. If it helps, I can get you a shot. Hair of the dog and all that." She tossed the pills in her mouth and gulped down all the water greedily. She was so thirsty and sure she had never felt this bad of a hangover. Haymitch reached for a bottle of tequila, her favorite, and a shot glass. She shook her head which caused her temples to throb violently. "No! No, more alcohol ever. Never, ever again." Haymitch just chuckled to himself while putting the liquor and glass away. "So, what caused the bender last night?" he asked. She sighed. "I was perfectly fine all day yesterday and then I got home and got all in my head thinking about mom and dad and Prim and…just everything. So, I called Johanna to see if she wanted to go out just for one drink." Haymitch gave her a pointed look. "I know, I know. Jo is never just a 'one drink' kind of person. I was asking for trouble. I know that now." "Well, did you at least have fun?" "Parts of it were fun. Other parts, not so much." She could see Haymitch itching to get more details. He thrived on helping people deal with their drama or just listening to them talk. He's probably the most popular part of District 12 and definitely one of the reasons they have so many return customers, but she had no plans on reliving the horror of that morning. "So, who's this new chef?" she asked, desperate to change the subject. "Some kid fresh out of culinary school. He's a damn good cook and he can make all the frilly shit people are wanting to eat while still making sure the food fits with the bar. You might know him. I think he went to school with you." "There were a lot of people in my school, Haymitch, and I wasn't exactly a social butterfly. What's his name?" He grabbed the resume file from under the bar and opened it quickly, "Peeta Mellark." Katniss' stomach dropped to the ground and she was sure her mouth was hanging open. Of all the people who could come back into her life, Peeta Mellark was one that she thought she would never see again. He had the mix of good looks, athletic ability and charm that made him extremely popular in school. He was always surrounded by a group of people and she remembered watching them laugh and have fun. There were many days that her life was bleak and hard, despite Haymitch's best efforts, and watching him with his friends and all of their apparent sunny happiness seemed like such a stark contrast to her reality. She remembered feeling that pit in her stomach anytime she saw a pretty, popular, bubbly girl hanging on him, her arms around his waist, fingers in his wavy blonde hair or her lips on his cheek. She had maybe spoken five words to him in her entire life, but she was an adult and secure enough now to admit that what she felt in high school was definitely jealousy. She'd had a crush on Peeta Mellark. But, then again, who didn't. She had been so lost in her thoughts she didn't realize Haymitch was still talking. "Who even names their kid Peeta, anyway? What kind of name is that? I wonder if he goes by a nickname or a middle name. I'll have to ask him." "What kind of name is Haymitch? Or, Katniss for that matter?" Haymitch's eyebrows shot up at her outburst. "His father owned a bakery and named all of his sons after breads," she said, surprising herself and him with this detailed personal information. "Peeta was named after Pita bread, but his father thought he would be clever with the spelling so that he could be called Peet as a nickname instead of Pit…or…that's what I heard him tell someone once." "Aha! So, you do know him!" "No, not really. I mean…everyone we went to school with probably knows of him, but I'm sure he doesn't remember me at all," she said in a rush, her cheeks darkening slightly with embarrassment. "Well, we'll just have to ask Peeta ," he emphasized the name as a playful dig at Katniss' awkward bashfulness, "when he gets here." "Ask me what?" A male voice asked behind her. She turned and there he was. He wasn't very tall, maybe just a few inches taller than her, but he had a stocky, well-built frame. His hair was a little longer than she remembered and curled haphazardly across his forehead. His eyes were still a brilliant sapphire blue. It was a color she could never forget. She had never seen anything like it before or since. Even after six years, her heart still began to beat a little faster at the sight of