**Author's Note** This story has been sitting on my desktop for at least two years. I have just never gotten the nerve to post it after reading so many fantastic HG/Everlark stories on here...besides there are about a million and one post-Mockingjay stories and I didn't know if I had a voice or story to add. I'm particularly fond of stories in Peeta's POV and I feel like I relate to his character, so this will be his story to tell. The title comes from the famous poem "Sonnet XVII by Pablo Neruda." Please be aware going in that this story will have harsh language, references to abuse and torture and sexy-fun Everlark goodness. It's rated M for all of that, so if it bothers you, please don't read :) All mistakes are my own. Enjoy! The sky is a canvas of dark purples, burning reds and soft oranges as I step off the train. The sun is just beginning to drop behind the trees. I take a deep breath and inhale the woodsy, dusty, charred scent. I am home. I sling my small bag over my shoulder and keep my eyes trained to the ground as I walk quickly through the charred remains of town. Luckily, what little population Twelve has left have mostly gone home for the evening and I am able to slip through unnoticed. My heartbeat speeds up and I can't hear anything other than the rushing of blood in my ears as I practically run past the street where the bakery used to stand. Tears prick my eyes and I exhale a breath I didn't realize I was holding once I exit out the other side of town. Crouching down to the ground and laying my palms flat on the cool, dewy grass, I take a few minutes to gather myself. I can't have an episode here and it takes everything I have in that moment to keep the monsters at bay. By the time I reach the iron arch of Victors Village the sun has set and the night sky is alive with stars. It is too picturesque. The two perfect rows of homes against the backdrop of the night sky. It is almost like a war never happened. Fucking Snow. That evil bastard. Leaving this area untouched while the rest of the district burned to the ground. He wanted us to feel the remnants of his power over us for as long as possible. He wanted me to feel the full weight of responsibility for what I've done. And, I do. I'll blame myself. Always. My body is shaking with rage and my desperate need to appear as calm as possible as I walk to my house. I chance a look at Katniss' home. I see a low light coming from the living room window and smoke curling from her chimney, but no movement inside. I can feel my body urging me to continue down the path to her front door, but my brain and heart stop me short. A low whistle grabs my attention. "So you finally decided to bust out of the nuthouse and grace us with your presence, huh, boy?" Haymitch. Of course. He would be just starting his day around this time. I stop short and spot his shadowy frame leaning against the railing of his front porch. "Come here and let me look at you. It's been awhile and I've forgotten what you look like when you're not crazy." I can't help the chuckle that escapes my lips. "I think we are all going to be a little crazy from here on out, Haymitch." "Well, that's probably true," he says wistfully. I make my way to his front porch trying my best to keep the tremors in my body to a minimum, but it only takes a second for Haymitch to notice that something is wrong. "Shit, kid. If I'd known you were coming home today I could've met you at the train and …" The rest of his sentence is lost to me as I feel my mind tumbling into the darkness that I've worked so hard to crawl out of. Suddenly, I'm in a dark, empty space and I can hear the familiar sound of high heel shoes walking towards me. Instinctively, I hunch my shoulders and lower my head. I know a slap is coming or worse – a blow to the back with a rolling pin – my mother was never lenient when doling out punishment. Somewhere in a further part of my mind I know this isn't real. That I'm locked in a nightmare and I have to try and fight my way back to reality. I can even hear Haymitch's voice in a far off distance and feel the warmth of his hands on my face, but then the blow to the back of my head happens and I turn on my heel and come face to face with my mother. But, she isn't exactly my mother. Her eyes are black and her teeth are pointed into fangs. Her fingernails are curled into sharp talons. She wields a rolling pin in her right hand. "You stupid, bastard", she hisses. Then she inches closer to my face and I can smell the foulness of her mutt breath. "You know you were a mistake, right? We never wanted you. Never loved you. You are nothing but a filthy fucking mutt. You are a monster who doesn't deserve to live." The rolling pin comes down hard on my shoulder and I cry out in pain. As she continues to hit me again and again, I swing my fists in an attempt to fight her off but it's no use. This version of my mother is relentless and nothing I do can make her stop. I curl into a ball on the floor of this dark, empty space and continue to let her beat me until there is nothing left. I wake with a start and quickly sit up trying to figure out where I am. The moon is still high in the sky. I am covered in an old quilt and lying near a fireplace. As I scan the room I realize that I am inside Haymitch's living room. I lay back down with a groan as the memory of what happened comes back to me. Bringing my hands to my face, I push my palms into my eyes until I see stars and let out an exasperated sigh. My body feels like I was hit with a hovercraft. "Well, that was something else, boy," I hear Haymitch grumble behind me. "I would have taken a hug or a handshake to let me know you were glad to be home, but a full blown blackout and a punch to the eye works too." I immediately sit up and turn to look at him. He is sitting in his favorite chair, leg slung over the arm and a flask in his hand. I can see the left side of his face is red and swollen. "Haymitch, I am so sorry." I curl my legs to my chest and lay my forehead against my knees. I can't help the moisture that gathers in my eyes as I try desperately not to cry. But, the tears start to fall before I have a chance to stop them. I hear Haymitch swear under his breath and feel his hand on my back. "I've been through much worse than a black eye. I think I'll live. There's no need for the waterworks on my behalf." I know he's trying to make a joke of the situation and I appreciate that, but the tears always seem to fall after an episode. I can't help it. Dr. Aurelius says it's my body's way of coping with the emotional trauma associated with the episode and everything else I've been through. I think it's my way of dealing with all of the negative words I hear while I'm in that dark place. I hastily wipe my tears on my sleeve and look at Haymitch. The concern in his eyes is evident and he looks much more sober than I know he likes to be. "I really am sorry," I say softly. "What happened?" He lets out a sad sigh, takes a long drink from the flask in his hand and runs his free hand through his greasy hair. "It was like you were there one minute and then you weren't. I saw you walk into the Village and could see your hands shaking and asked you to come over thinking if I talked to you for a bit you would calm down. I figured that walk through town had to be miserable for you, but damn, I didn't think you would lose your marbles on my front steps." "Nothing like that has happened in a long time," I whisper more to myself than to him. "Did I hit you?" I couldn't take the thought of having an episode that resulting in violence again. They were bad enough just playing out in my head. "Nah, you didn't really hit me as much as I got in the way. You walked up to my porch and just stopped. Your eyes went blank and the shaking got worse. I put my hands on your face to try and snap you out of it, but it was no use. Then, you collapsed right there on the top step and started flailing around when I grabbed you to pull you inside and my face kind of got in the way. But, like I said, I've had worse. It'll heal in a day or two." I turn my face to the fire and watch the flames dance and burn. Haymitch and I sit in comfortable silence for several moments before I ask about her. "How is Katniss?" He lets out a low laugh that sounds half exhausted and half sad. "We're all a little crazy. Isn't that what you said?" "I'm crazy. She is broken." "You're both broken." I turn to look at him then and can see the worry he carries evident on his face for a split second before the mask of indifference he tries to always wear comes back again. "She hasn't left the couch in two months," he says shaking his head. "Sae and I do our best to shove food and water down her throat, but she has dug herself really deep into it this time." I don't know how to respond. I feel sad and hopeless and frustrated and guilty all at the same time. I've never wanted to see her hurting. Even in my hijacked mind, there was still a small piece that clung to the feelings I have for Katniss Everdeen. "I think I'm going to go home," I say. "Thank you Haymitch and I'm sorry again." He waves his hand through the air brushing off my apology mumbling something that sounds like "don't worry about it." I gather up the blanket and make my way through the mess of a living room to the front door dodging empty bottles and pieces of trash along the way. I really have no idea how he got me inside through all of this garbage. "Peeta." The use of my name stops me cold. Haymitch never uses my name and instead refers to me as "kid" or "boy" or some other expletive he thinks is funny. I turn to see him standing behind me and we awkwardly stare at each other for a few moments before he pulls me in for a hug. It's unexpected and the smell slightly nauseating, but I can't help the sigh of relief that releases from my mouth. Haymitch isn't one to show affection often and this display is his way of confirming that I still have someone that cares about me. I gather my small bag that is sitting where I dropped it haphazardly on his front porch steps