What do we know about Contracts from Canon? 1: A simple Confundus Charm and piece of paper with your name on it and possibly a simple magical signature, is enough to fool an ancient magical artifact. 2: Such a contract is binding, even if it wasn't your Magical Guardian, or Headmaster acting In Loco Parentis, can force the issue for you. Which means that by collecting magical signatures, perhaps a blood sample, the use of a confundus and the right words, I can forge contracts in whatever way I goddamn please. According to most Fanfictions, Parents and indeed any of your Ancestors can force you into a marriage contract you can't get out of, because of THEIR magical signature. A Marriage contract is of course still a magical contract. Now what follows isn't a very good story at all, what follows is me letting off some steam because there are so many good Daphne/Harry stories out there that are soured by a forced marriage contract. If you have a pairing, and write a story where whatever that pairing is they grow close, become friends and fall in love anyway, why do you feel the need for a contract in the first place? I my opinion magical Contracts are bullshit. I don't know what JK thought when she came up with that Goblet of Fire crap but clearly she didn't think things through. If you feel like I overlooked something that explain contracts in a way they work. I'd love to hear it. Leave a review or pm me if you like. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, if I did book 4 would be slightly different. Horcruxes wouldn't be a thing and Harry Potter would not be a wimp. The Potter Bitch Slap Hermione Granger had expected to find Harry moping... angry... instead he was... dared she say... happy? The previous evening she'd seen him pace in front of the fat Lady. How anyone could think he put his name into the stupid Goblet was beyond her. All Harry wanted was peace and quiet. When Ron came down the stairs she asked him where Harry was, all he said was: "Gone." So the young bookworm searched the castle top to bottom, and finally found him in the Library being out of breath and worried sick out of her mind. She stormed up towards him and was about to give him a piece of her mind when she saw the book pile in front of him. When his eyes rose of the pages she was levelled not with the eyes of her best friend... but instead with the boy that had battled a Basilisk and used a Patronus to send of a hundred Dementors. A boy... that was sure she was just like the rest of school. That wouldn't do... that wouldn't do at all. He could treat her however he liked... she would take whatever tantrums or rage induced screaming fits he went into. But she would never be treated like the Sheeple around the castle... with indifference... and borderline disdain. Something drastic needed to happen, she'd stayed away from those kinds of things. Especially after that night third year... after coming back from saving Sirius and seeing Ron's eyes. The jealousy at them having had an adventure that was just... theirs. 'Alright then... go for it.' Hermione demanded of herself as she pulled the surprised Harry from the chair and put her lips on his. It was awkward at first... but then not so bad... before turning into everything she'd ever expected of her first kiss... not to say most of her dreams started exactly like this... Harry and her in the Library. Madame Pince made no attempt to stop her what so ever. Instead she just smiled to herself sipping an excellent cup of tea. "If you ever look at me like that again, I'll kick your balls in." She declared savagely. "From 0 to my balls in less than 20 seconds. I'd say that escalated quickly." After blushing a deep scarlet she swatted his chest. "Will you be my girlfriend?" Smiling broadly she gave him a nod of confirmation before leaning in to steal another kiss. "What are you doing Harry?" She finally asked looking over the books. "Planning this countries ultimate Downfall." "That's ominous." "I'm still working out the how..." Cocking a brow at him she waited for an explanation. "Magical britain... is the only place on this planet. Where men has tried to make law... match magic. Contracts are binding by a simple magical signature... Let me demonstrate." He picked a piece of parchment before writing: "By magical contract, Hermione Jean Grangers body, is by magic, required to sneeze the next time she kisses Harry James Potter." Harry turned to her picking up his wand before intoning: "Magicae Revelio." A small violet vapor rose from her body instantly, allowing Harry to move his wand in before placing the tip of it on the contract. "That can't possibly work, I haven't given you my permission or anything." Hermione said smiling as Harry looked to her gravely. "I have your magic... what do I need your permission for? Magic has accepted this now as a legally binding contract... because we are in magical Britain. It's exactly what happened to me... which is why I've set down another contract for myself that I've already signed and verified with Gringotts." Her eyes went wide, "When?" "Let's just say I didn't get much sleep last night. Now... observe." He leaned in and kissed her lips gently. And just as he did she sneezed lightly onto his face. A natural reaction of her body trying to protect her magic. It was clear that she was now terrified. "I've drawn up a contract for you. But to have this override all the others, you have to add your magic and you will need your parents to sign it with a Blood Quill. Tell them to go to Gringotts and ask for Barchoke." She then read over what he wrote: "I, Hermione Jean Granger, of sound body, mind and magic henceforth decree, that no contract, magical or otherwise, shall have any hold over, influence or indeed impact me in any way, unless specifically specified by myself with clear intent of magic and my willingly provided blood for as long as I shall live." "If you agree, state so clearly as you press the tip of your wand into the lower right corner." They'd learned of the importance of intent in magical spell casting. Although she would have never thought it used like this. "I agree." She said doing exactly as told before turning back to him. "You did this... why? I saw the look you gave me, you expected me to treat you like the others." He chuckled. "No matter what, you are my best friend Mione. I just want you protected in the future." She blushed scarlet... oh he would get his reward for that line in due time. "Harry... I have a few friends... could I talk to them about this?" The boy nodded. "But only those you trust, what I have in mind will impact a lot of people. But I say screw them all. I heard my Quidditch team discussing how disappointed they were in me... and that I wasn't who they thought I was. I'll show them." Hermione kissed him again. "Figure it out, Iron clad... then come and talk to me about it." He smiled and gave another nod. Meanwhile, she would go and speak to her friends Lisa Turpin and Daphne Greengrass. The other two top students of her year. 3 days later... "Potter..." Daphne sighed reigning herself in. "Harry... please try and explain." He shrugged his shoulder and started again. "Marriage contracts are bullshit. And every such contract has at least 1 escape clause. Usually at the very least that reads something along the lines of: "Must be engaged or married by the time of … unless superseded by previous arrangements or otherwise older contracts. To put it bluntly, if you were to exchange a vow of marriage on your magic your intent would supersede the contract placed by your parents or forefathers and the contract would move on. As soon as the time limit passes, you could then get divorced and the contract would move on to the next generation. All contracts of family heads... are, by the way. Subject to change by family heads. So as soon as you become Lady Greengrass you can get your hands on whatever contracts your family has and tear them to shreds. The standard punishment fee for voiding a centuries old contract is 100 Galleons by the way." "Why tell me that?" She asked curiously. "Hermione says you're a good friend and actually the one who reeled in her smart assery." The young Gryffindor gave a audible huff at that. "So I'm doing this for her... as for the rest of the school... well let's just say all those witches and wizards dicking me around the past few years and giving me lip... are about to receive a very rude awakening." "What are you going to do?" "I'll create a nice 'little' Harem. And have them service me whenever I damn well please." Daphne swallowed heavily. "That's pretty dark." She said as he shrugged once more. "So is telling me to go die because I'm the heir of Slytherin... So is wanting to watch me die in the tournament... which most of the people have told me they want to do. Especially the Hufflepuffs. When I'm done with Bones and Abbott they'll never walk straight again." She blushed at that comment but let it go. "All I want to do beforehand... is have my actual first time with Hermione." She brown haired witch blushed as Lisa simply looked on in amusement. "I know for a fact that Tracey Davis will take your virginity whenever you want. Especially if you help her get out of her contract to Theodore Nott." Daphne mentioned. "I have nothing against you talking to people you trust and offering them a way out... if I like them and they offer any sort of apology I'll void the contracts. I'm not evil and I'm not out for my own gain. But I will use this to back hand the entire magical community into submission. One massive slap to all those pureblood fucks... no offence Daphne." The blonde witch chuckled. "None taken. This is actually quite... Slytherin of you. But the parents will want you dead... you're talking of forcing girls to have sex with you." "Nonsense." Harry said clearly. "All contracts I create will have a simple escape clause... do not comply... loose your magic. People will just have to weigh the pro's and con's. After all... everyone seems to think I wanted in this tournament... so surely they wanted these contracts! Otherwise they wouldn't work... right?" He spit angrily and was surprised to find the blond wrapping him in warm embrace. "No matter what... I'm sorry about how most of Slytherin treated you, you won't need a contract to get into my panties. Whenever you like. And that offer stands for both of you." Daphne said pointing towards both Hermione and Harry after letting go, making Lisa laugh. "Now I'm jealous!" Daphne grinned at her before pecking the girl on the cheek. "I didn't take you for the type." "I always wanted to experiment." Laughing they went their separate ways, the contracts needed to be perfect, so Harry would create a simple mask for putting in names just the way he wanted. Nothing much happened over the next few weeks as they worked out exactly what to do for their victims to have no choice what so ever. They also wanted to give those that were just giving in to peer pressure time to have the chance to come and apologize before bringing down unholy vengeance. It all started... as these things so