So I was studying for my exams when this idea popped into my head just begging to be written... it's extremely dark. And i should probably warn you all. This Harry is... about as dark as I'm comfortable with going. Trigger Warnings for highly graphic Blood Rituals, for Love Potions and Imperious on women. (Not by Harry) And of course for murder, torture and general de-stressing during study time. xD Bashing... eh... everyone? I think the only people not getting the aurors back hand in this story are those part of the pairing. Oh... and Luna. Cause Luna. I know full well Hermione would never leave him like that, i love the girl. I do. But i needed something to pull Harry's trigger. She was readily available. Please don't cruzify me. For everyones information, I'm not sure how often this will get updated in the near future since I'm going to be trying, to finish Hadrian Black: TOT first. And well... Exams. Disclaimer: I still don't own this. I've tried... The Darkest Day Harry Potter stared at his so called male best friend who had just now thrown the Horcrux to the ground in anger. Ron looked at Hermione Granger holding out his hand for her to join him. "Are you coming or what?" He asked expectantly. Unknown to most everyone not only on the British islands but also around the world. A ripple of choice drew it's path through magic. There were only a handful of chosen few with the ability of True Sight. All tuned in on a single destiny that might just be able to shape the course of history. For better or worse. All of them let out a collective gasp as the tale and destiny of one Harry James Potter turned in on itself. It was no longer the story of a savior. Luna Lovegood suddenly fell to her knees on her way to her bed when she was overcome by grief. She could see it, the Harry she knew was about to die. "The black Raven is coming." Her voice echoed freezing everyone in the common room of Ravenclaw around her. The Tent As if he was in a trance he watched the girl... his best friend, for the first time ever. Choose Ron over him. She never had, never would. He'd been sure, had come to relay on it... trust in it. But Hermione reached out her hand slowly to Ron who was clearly eager to leave. "You can't... leave me here." Harry breathed heavily. "You promised, you swore." It was starting to bubble then, all he had filed away, all he had locked deep inside for no one to ever find. The Rage, the hatred and jealously towards the people that had taken his life from him. Towards those who expected him to deal with this alone. The longing for things he'd never had. The fate of an entire country on the shoulders of a 17 year old boy who honestly couldn't care less. His eyes flickered towards them both, pleading with them without a word spoken. Asking them to stay. He needed them, more than he'd perhaps ever told them. So he tried. "I can't do this alone. Please... please..." His breathing was becoming more and more ragged as his hand shakily moved towards his inner right chest pocket. His sanctuary and sanity was hidden there. "Ron is right Harry, we never knew enough to do this. There are other ways. We can petition the ICW." Her voice was barely more than a whisper. She was talking herself into it, why would they when they hadn't before? "We're going to go away Harry. I suggest you hide somewhere. Maybe stay here. Some day, somehow this will end. Until then people just need to keep their heads down." He listened to Ron, he'd done this all for them. For that piece of shit Dumbledore who'd left him to be tortured year after year. Harry knew now he should have never stayed behind. He should have run with the rest. Ron was alright with people dying? Just stay down? That had worked so well with Ginny... or his father. Just stay fucking down indeed. "I'm so sorry." Hermione said sadly. Harry reached out for her but she turned away, for a moment he wasn't sure what he would do if he actually managed. He could have just closed his hand around her neck and squeezed. That would have let the treacherous bitch know what he thought about her. The monster in his chest that had opened it's eyes only once before when some peasant had kissed Ginny, was now awake well and good. Back then he was fiercely protective of the girl. More because she was part of his 'family' than anything else. He managed to grab onto something, yanking it back. The chain broke while the girl screamed in surprise as the chain dug into her throat. Harry looked down at it, he remembered what it was and looked back to his two 'friends'. Ron was furious and cocked his fist back, his intention to punch Harry, clear for anyone with half a brain. The chest pocket was forgotten and instead Harry went for his wand. A survival reflex... the boy was no Basilisk nor was he the Dark Lord. "Diffindo, Depulso." He intoned with a flick and poke of his wand slicing off the middle and ring fingers on Ron's right hand before blasting him out of the tent. The boy screamed from the pain as Hermione quickly hurried over to him trying to help. "What have you done?" She asked in exasperation and shock. Harry simply looked to his hand and towards her again. Allowing the remains of the chain to dangle from his hand. What had he done? Not enough... not yet. "You had this the entire time?" His voice was sharp and in cold contrast to what the previous book worm of Gryffindor was used to from him. She'd only heard this tone twice. Once addressed to Rufus Scrimgeour and once to them just after he'd been brought to Grimmauldplace for the first time just before fifth year. "You had this... and didn't think of mentioning that you still had a FUCKING TIME TURNER?!" The bright emerald colour of his eyes had now dimmed to a cold dark jade. It was clear by now that both Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger were terrified. This wasn't a temper tantrum. This was something more. "Listen Harry, you just cut off Ron's fingers. I'm sure you didn't mean it, but we need to make sure to find them." "Right." Harry said nodding his head retaining the cold tone of his voice. "2 fingers of a traitor. Coming right up. Accio Ron's fingers." They immediately snapped towards him and into his hand. Harry squatted down next to them opening his palm towards Hermione. When her hand was about to grab them Harry dropped them into the dirt and without a single word they caught fire and burned much more quickly than they should have, that... was the power of true intent. "Looks like you should have kept your head down." Harry hissed at them coldly. "NOOOO!" Ron screamed looking at the remains of his fingers that now resembled two grilled sausages. "Go, get out of here and never come looking for me. You better pray the next time we meet I feel merciful. I do not forget. I do not forgive." Hermione stood up Ron as he turned his back to them. Daring them to shoot a spell into his back. It never came. The bushy haired Hermione didn't ask for her time turner back. She didn't feel like asking anything of this Harry would be good for her health. He heard the crack of their disapparition before finally reaching into the pocket and pulling out a small piece of parchment. It looked like an old grocery list until Harry carefully tapped it with his wand and declared: "I'm angry." It changed and soon revealed his life line. And the thing solely responsible for what Hermione called 'His saving people thing.' A set of rules he had made himself to follow, a set of rules that went against his first instinct to dominate and assert strength, or self preservation. An abused young child, left to the cruel world around it. They were right, all of them. Dumbledore and the sheeple of the country. Tom and Harry had a lot in common. And just like Tom, Harry had found solace in magic. Only unlike Tom he'd played the fool sooner. He'd attempted to fit in instead of taking charge. That would change. He was not going to be a tool for lesser creatures for a moment longer. Harry's Rules -Keep your head down- -Be obedient- -Don't argue or fight- -Be Friendly and help- -Don't hurt or injure- -Suck it up- -DO NOT KILL!- "Fuck the rules." He growled throwing it to the ground watching it catch fire with a spark of his eyes. He'd tried it their way and it wasn't working. 'Love' his rose coloured ass. Backstabbing trash, the lot of them. At least Slytherins were up front with their hatred. Unless of course they really wanted you dead in which case you'd notice a bit too late. Now it was time for his way. Which was to kill every last of the fuckers against him and mount their heads on a spike. He knew enough dark curses to manage that much. But it was always good to know more and what better way to get started than Hogwarts. Maybe he'd even break reality while doing it. Hogwarts Library "Imperio." The womans eyes glassed over immediately. Harry simply didn't want to take any more time than strictly necessary. "Tell me where I can find your books on blood rituals, then forget about this conversation." Madam Pince gave a nod and moved forward into the forbidden section. She held out books and one after the other disappeared in mid air being grabbed by a couple of hands. Soon nearly the entire shelf was empty. It would just about do, to augment the books of Slytherin in the chamber. Chamber of Secrets "I'm back, old man." There was a long silence before a deeper voice came from the back of the great statue of Salazar Slytherin. "What are you doing back here? I thought..." His voice was full of concern. The old potrait had wanted to teach his descendant so much but had always been rebuffed. He'd been sure that the next time he heard of Harry would be through the paintings in the Headmasters office discussing the boys death. "You were right. I'm ready now." Harry had a plan, every hour he'd use the time turner to go back by five. Before the hour was done the newly bound elf Dobby would have found someone to render the Basilisk. During that Time Winky would also provide fresh robes and some food as Harry would take a bath in the pools filled with serpents. They would rip and tear at him in the beginning. Before finally realizing that their poisons had no effect on Harry as the Parselmagic protected him. He had not known this second year. Fighting the basilisk would have been much easier knowing he was immune to it's gaze. Over the coming weeks Harry drank an assortment of snake venom, ate different organs from magical and non magical creatures in their rawest form throwing up numerous times in the process while sacrificing anything from foods, to magically imbued wood to creatures and blood. Crabbe and Goyle senior were quite vocal about not wanting to die. Sadly as their blood ran it's course down along the side of their exposed naked bodies, a sight Harry didn't really enjoy all too much, their pleas for mercy and life were ignored. Instead they found the so called savior stood inside a rune circle that