A/N: This is a new story, or idea I should say, that kind of just popped into my head, and I decided to share it in hopes that I could get some feed back. It's fairly new, and I would really appreciate if you reviewed and told me whether you wanted to see this grow into a multi-chapter piece. So just as a warning this is a darker take on the Imprint that is loaded with angst...so if you were expecting unicorns and rainbows and fluff, I don't suggest that you read my story, unless you feel so inclined. Summary: They say the imprint is designed for you in every single way; that they're meant for you. According to Paul that cannot be true because there is no way that Bella Swan is his imprint. Read and review! Disclaimer: All that jazz (characters, settings, etc.) belong to S.M. I am just borrowing. White Blank Page Chapter One: That's how you're going to play it, huh? I hated shopping, really I did. It was so painful, going from store to store, trying to find something that would fit me. Hide me. Something like that. But what was even more painful was the reason why I was venturing into the humid and overcrowded place that was La Push's nearest mall. Tomorrow was the first day of school, of my senior year, that is. Truthfully I wasn't that excited, not really. I wasn't fawning over this year like my mother was and every whore-bag on our reservation. I wasn't thinking about how exciting it was that it was senior year. Because, really, who gave a flying fuck? This year would be like every other one: same shit different day. I would walk down the same hallways; watch the same pretty girls fawn over the moderately handsome guys, hear the hurtful words fall from those very couple's lips as I passed by. I didn't need to give this year a title, it was senior year, the last year they all had together. La-Dee-Fucking-Da. However, my mother was obsessed with shit like this. The whole senior year thing was what she considered to be a big bench mark of my teenage life. She was obsessed with those bench marks, if you will. My mother loved to experience life, from the small clichéd moments, to the great ones that carved out who you were. She firmly believed that life was not about finding who you were, but rather, creating yourself. Some pretty profound shit, huh? Yeah. My mom was loaded with sayings like that. In fact they covered every surface possible of our house: over door frames, on walls, above the sink in the bathroom. You name it, a corny saying was there. Sighing I push through the racks of clothing, listening to the faint sound of the metal hook of the hanger scrape against the metal bar of the rack. I wince when there is a particularly loud screech, of metal greeting metal, and pray that nobody has noticed. The last thing I needed once one of those over-eager store personnel coming over and asking if I needed help with anything. I had no such luck and heard that voice, lacquered with a sickly sweetness and fake happiness, "May I help you with anything?" I am attempted to snap that yes, yes I do need help. I want to tell the sales lady or whoever has bothered to pester me that I need them to start selling jeans in size fourteen in their store. But I hold my tongue, and glance up, smiling tightly as I shake my head. The person who has come to assist me can't be much older than me, but she is definitely smaller than me. It seems like everyone is smaller than me, and I sometimes wonder if I'll always feel this big . I know that I am not as big as I feel but I can't help but feel big when I see girls like her: with a slim waist, dainty hands, and a lean body that guys drool over. Sighing internally I promise to go on a longer run tonight, and turn my attention to the neatly folded tops. I let my eyes slide over them, touching the soft fabrics. I turn away, not seeing anything that would do any favors to my body type and head towards the exit. I walk out into the not-so-fresh mall air, and let the crowd carry me as I walk through the mall. I clutch my bag a little closer as I see a bunch of girls from school up ahead, and I curse fate when I draw nearer. I keep my eyes cast down and pretend that I don't hear them snicker as I walk by. I hurry towards the exit of the mall, and breathe a sigh of relief when I break through and reach fresh air. It is warm out, and the distinct smell of hot ash fault permeates the air. Taking a deep breath, I cut through the parking lot, headed for home. I am once again reminded how much I miss my red truck, Bessie, when my feet begin to complain. The soles of my feat are tender after walking just about everywhere for the past couple of days, and I curse Bessie for her unreliable nature and putting me in this position. I was told that it would be finished by tomorrow; that Bessie would be good as new, but I had my doubts. My dad had enlisted the skills of a family friend, a guy from my school—Paul. I didn't know much of Paul, other than the fact that who always had a scowl firmly in place and was constantly looking for a fight. I try not to judge, or separate people by the little information that the high school hallways have provided, but how can I not separate people? It was made so easy for me with the cliques and social circles that were set in stone. To me, the break down was relatively simple. You had the kids who liked to party and drinkers, then you had the well rounded Reservation boys, that being Sam Uley and his ever growing fan base, Paul included. Then you had the perky-sorority-sisters-in-training-bitches, and the list goes on, dwindling into the loners, namely people like me. It was unfortunate to see Paul fall into Sam's little pack of lost boys. Especially for a guy like Paul who seemed to have more than enough back bone and confidence. It was scary, watching guys of all ages fall into to step beside Sam with that look in their eyes and that way about them—defeat. Yes, I watched. But not like a stalker or anything. Just, well, I didn't really have friends. I mean sure I had people that I could smile at in the hallways or whatever but that was about it. Plus, really, I didn't need friends. I didn't need anyone—get too attached and you'll end up getting hurt. Anyway, I didn't know how it happened but guys had been slowly starting to mingle with Sam for the past couple of weeks consistently. Part of me felt curious, wanting to know exactly how Sam did it, but then another part of me—the smarter part—knew to let it alone. Sam Uley walked in the shade of secrets and who was I to shine the light on things? No one. I was no one. I tucked my lower lip into my mouth, as I let the though slither down my spine. I sometimes wondered if it was true, and it would be according to my peers at high school. They knew who I was, and part of me was resentful of that. Life would be so much easier if I wasn't Chubby Cheeks Swan to them. But a label didn't define me; a cruel nick name did not make or break me. I found myself just two houses away from my own after thirty minutes and was ready to relax just for a few minutes. I walked past my neighbor's house—Embry, one of Sam Uley's cronies—and ignored the painful protests of my feet. I was walking up my own pathway, eyes cast down and my head in anywhere but the present when I stumbled. The ground tilted at a sickening angle as it rushed up to meet me, and I hear my own shriek as well as a sharp curse coming from behind me. I hit the ground, rolling over to see the glaring sun. I clenched my eyes shut and did one of those ten second assessments: limbs attached, check, broken bones, none, bruising—definitely. "What are you, fucking retarded?" a cruel voice spat. The acidic words burned through me, crawling under my skin as I laid there like a fool. I scrambled for response, settling on silence as I pushed myself up off the ground. I felt anger course through me as I thought about what had happened—I had fallen over what I thought to be something not someone . I glared at the legs coming from underneath, Bessie—my truck. So that's what I had tripped over, and this asshole was calling me retarded? I bristled at the thought and snapped, "Fuck you! You're the one in my drive way with your legs hanging out like an accident waiting to happen, and you're yelling at me? You're the fuck-tard between the two of us, you ass-hat! The bronze legs slowly grew before my eyes as they slid further out from underneath Bessie and I couldn't help but notice that this guy under my truck did indeed have nice legs: long, powerful looking with the toned, trim muscles that looked like they should be modeling or something. I dismissed the thought reminding myself of not only the fact that said legs had tripped me, but who they were attached to—Paul, also known as crony number six of Sam's little troop. I jutted my chin out, hands on my round—too soft, too round hips—as Paul wheeled himself out from under Bessie. His face was finally visible, sharp and edgy with his anger, and I felt a little bit of fear swell up inside. I nibbled on my lower lip, sinking my teeth into it repeatedly. "Fuck off, who's doing who the favor—" Paul snapped when he saw me, but his angered tone died off once he made proper eye contact. He just stared at me blankly for a moment before blinking back into awareness with a haggard breath. I scowled at him, and felt my eyes widen in surprise when I caught his gaze—but more importantly what was there. Paul looked at me with frightened eyes, disgusted, horrified almost, and my gut clenched painfully, the nerves twisting my stomach in their vice grip. What had I done? Did I really look that bad? Why was he looking at me like that? He had paled considerably, and he rushed to get up—smacking his head on the lip of the truck's bumper. He cursed again, but got up, scrambling away from the truck. "Are you okay?" I asked nervously, trying not to let my eyes wander, but how could I not? Paul was huge—he was tall, super tall, towering over my pitiful stature of 5'5. But it wasn't just his height that made me drool, he had broad shoulders, and he was wearing a plaid shirt open, displaying a tone muscled chest that had me blinking in surprise. He was hot, but it was his face that tied the package together: tall cheek bones, soft looking and perfectly shaped lips and deep, almost black eyes. Paul remained silent for a while and clenched his jaw tightly, asking, "I'm fine. Can I work on this later?" By this I assumed he meant my truck, and I nodded watching as he ran a trembling hand through his wavy hair—it just brushed the collar of his shirt, just a little—and I replied, "Sure, whatever."