CHAPTER 1: Peeta and the Primrose Bushes. "Welcome home, kid." Peeta turned towards the familiar voice and found Haymitch Abernathy looking at him. The older victor was at the end of the platform, leaning against a column. Once his young pupil came within reach he straightened his stance and opened his arms in a welcoming gesture. Peeta dropped the small bag he carried and stepped into his mentor's warm embrace. The familiar acrid smell of liquor hung in the air. Peeta smiled. This man saved my life once, he thought. His mind answered back real . Peeta received a few affectionate slaps on the back and stepped away. He looked into his mentor's tired eyes and asked, "so, what have I done to deserve this warm welcome in the middle of the night?" "You stayed alive," Haymitch retorted drily. Peeta snorted and shook his head. "Yeah, just barely, you know?" Haymitch nodded. "I know." Peeta picked up his bag and started walking towards the open doors of District Twelve's train station. His mentor followed. "Is that all you've got?" Haymitch questioned as he gestured towards the traveling bag. "Yep." Peeta swung the bag back and forth. "This small satchel contains all of my earthly possessions." Haymitch chuckled. "Yeah, those and anything else you left behind inside that house of yours." After a small pause he added. "You did leave something behind, right? You didn't go around town giving away your stuff just because you thought you weren't coming back, right? I think I'd remember something like that," he muttered. Peeta chuckled lightly and shook his head. "No, I didn't give away my stuff. I did think about it, though. In the end I figured it wasn't worth it. I tried giving my stuff away once. It didn't end too well, as you might recall," he finished in a somber tone. Haymitch shuddered as he remembered that terrible first day of the Victory Tour, the look of hope in people's eyes that had been quickly replaced by terror once the peacekeepers had snapped into action. "I recall," he answered quietly. The crisp spring air slapped their cheeks as they made their way to the Victor's Village. It was well past midnight, and the entire town was engulfed in darkness. The moon, perched high in a cloudless sky, illuminated their path. An owl hooted in the distance, the sound echoing in the otherwise silent road. After a few minutes, Peeta decided to break the silence. "So," he began, "how are things around here?" Haymitch raised a questioning eyebrow. "What do you mean 'how are things'? I thought you had spoken to Effie." Peeta let out an amused laugh. "Yes, I did. I spoke to her at length ." He shook his head as he remembered his conversation with the former District Twelve escort. Effie had stopped by Dr. Aurelius's clinic two days before Peeta's release. She'd been thrilled to tell him all about her new position as victor liaison. Apparently she was the only person left in Panem who had a working knowledge of the administrative aspects of victors' lives. Even the victors themselves had never been informed of certain practical details, such as how their earnings made their way into their bank accounts each month. And, since she was one of the few people who knew the victors personally, she was assigned to handle all of their requests and queries concerning the new government. Most of their conversation had been about the practical aspects of his new life. President Paylor's government was allowing all victors to keep their houses in their respective Victor's Villages. What was more, she was granting them ownership rights. Which meant that they were allowed to rent or sell the houses and keep the proceeds. Traditional monthly earnings would continue for six months but would stop after that. According to Effie, the new government wanted victors to lead productive, fulfilling lives. So President Paylor had set up a plan to lend money to those who might want to start a business. Those who chose to enroll in school would be granted what Effie referred to as a 'scholarship'. Victors would not be expected to return these monies. But they would only receive help to start up one business, and the scholarship would be discontinued after eight years. Peeta listened to Effie trill incessantly about all the advantages and marvels of the new Panem. She looked so different form the woman who had changed his life irrevocably by pulling his name out of a glass bowl. Her clothes weren't as colorful as they'd once been. And her garish wig had been replaced by soft blond curls that framed her face. But the sound of her voice still reminded him of training sessions, timetables, and etiquette lessons. Right before leaving she'd added one request. "Please, sweetie, tell Katniss to pick up the phone," she'd said. "I've been trying to reach her, but she never answers. I will be visiting Twelve in a few weeks," she assured him with an emphatic nod. "But I would like to talk to her before I head out there. She might need something from here." Peeta just nodded. He hadn't seen or heard from Katniss in months, but he couldn't imagine her actually wanting something from the Capitol. Besides, he didn't know if his co-victor was purposefully avoiding their former escort. If Katniss didn't want to talk to Effie, he wasn't going to force her. Haymitch chortled in amusement as Peeta relayed Effie's visit. "Some things never change," he commented with an amused grin. "She asked me to keep an eye out for you," Peeta added. "Really?" "Hm-hmm." With a soft snort Haymitch concluded, "like I said, some things never change." The victors walked in companionable silence for a while. The pounding of their footsteps along the gravel road and the distant rustling of leaves were the only sounds around them. They had almost reached Victor's Village when Peeta spoke again. "You never answered my question, you know?" "I know." Peeta saw the sly smile perched on his mentor's lips and shook his head. Some things never did change. And, even though he was more amused than annoyed by the old victor's reluctance to share information, he still wondered what his mentor was trying to hide. He was in no mood for secrets and intrigue. He'd had enough of those to last him a lifetime. He just wanted a chance to lead a peaceful life. To do that, though he needed to feel safe in his surroundings. He couldn't go around questioning other people's motives, particularly when those people were pretty much the only family he had left. So he decided to push through and try a more direct approach. "How's Katniss?" he asked. "Alive." "That's it? Alive?" Peeta questioned. Haymitch sighed. "Yes, kid. I haven't seen much of her since we came back. I made sure she was fed and warm, but there's not much more I can do for her. According to Greasy Sae, she eats the bare minimum and stares at the fire all day long. She hasn't left the house since I brought her back. Hell, I don't think she's even left that rocking chair in weeks!" Peeta felt a lump in his throat. He wasn't surprised, not really. He could still remember the stormy look on Katniss's eyes the last time they'd seen each other. There had been a moment, during the victor's meeting with President Coin, when he'd caught her staring in his direction. He hadn't held her gaze for long, but the sadness and loneliness he had seen reflected in her eyes made his heart ache. Later, when she'd shot the president, he'd understood. She'd been saying goodbye. She wasn't planning on surviving the day. Luckily he'd managed to stay close to her side. It hadn't been difficult really. The group of victors was supposed to stand as a united front in front of President Snow. President Coin had wanted to send a message to her predecessor. "We're stronger than you," the message said. "You put us through hell, and we survived, we endured. We're no longer afraid. We're finally free." Apparently the new president hadn't realized the message applied to her as well. Haymitch opened the gate that separated the village from the rest of the district and motioned for Peeta to follow him. Once inside, Peeta took a moment to look at the narrow road that ran across the village. Nothing had changed. The dimly lit street and the small square that stood in the center of it looked exactly as he remembered them. But, as he examined the row of houses that stood in front of him, he noticed that most of them were no longer empty. Somewhere along the road the neighborhood had acquired some new tenants. "Who are our new neighbors?" he asked. XXXXX Peeta looked around the empty house. A thin blanket of dust covered every surface within sight. Despite its luxurious furnishings, the house looked abandoned and hollow. It felt cold and dead. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Slowly, he released the air from his lungs. He hadn't expected to be back. He could still remember how he had said goodbye to the place, carefully packing all his belongings so they could be taken to town after his death. He walked towards the staircase and climbed the stairs to the second floor. The sound of his heavy footsteps echoed in the silent hallway. He reached the landing and stopped, unsure of where to go to next. His eyes scanned the corridor, making an inventory in his mind of what was hidden behind each door. His brain told him that the door furthest from him led into his bedroom. Hesitantly, he walked towards it. He could feel his hand shaking slightly as he pushed the door open. Relief washed over him as he took in the room that greeted him on the other side of the portal. There was a big bed, with a solid wooden frame, on which he'd painted wreaths of ivy. The blue bedspread he had ordered from District eight when he'd first moved in still covered the mattress. A small couch stood by the window. Everything was exactly as he remembered it. He let out a shaky breath and chuckled quietly. Real, he thought, real. After dropping his bag inside the room, he turned around and went back out into the hallway. One by one he opened all the doors that lined the long corridor. The spare bedroom that had never been used, the bathroom, and his study; they all remained untouched, unchanged. One word played on a loop in his mind. Real. Real. Real. He stepped into his study. Rows of framed paintings wrapped in construction paper lined the walls. Even though he couldn't see them, he knew what the canvases held. Each one carried one of his nightmares. From the bloodied claws of the wolf mutts that had taken his leg to the berry-stained lips of the read-headed tribute from District Five. All the ghosts that haunted his dreams were there. Well, not all of them, he thought, not anymore. He shook his head to clear his thoughts and walked towards the easel that stood next to the window. His leather bound sketchbook was still there, leaning against the solid wood frame. He ran his fingers over the soft orange leather cover. Portia had bought it for him when she found out about his talent. "To hold happy memories," she'd told him. He slowly flipped through the used pages of the book. Apparently, he had managed to save a few good memories after all. A soft smile spread across his lips at the sight of the cake he'd designed for Delly's seventeenth birthday. He could still remember the look on the blond girl's eyes when she opened the door and found him balancing the sweet confection in his hands. He moved