CHAPTER 1. Winter It's been 10 days since Katniss Everdeen kissed me. I was passed out cold lying on her kitchen table. The sweet medicine coursing through my veins made me feel like I was floating. The only thing that kept me tethered to reality was Katniss's hand holding mine, our fingers intertwined. She'd never held me like that before; it was like she was keeping me in place, like an anchor, stopping me from slipping away into the dark waters of pain and confusion. That's when it happened. She had been gently running her fingers through my face. Suddenly, she brought her lips to my ear and whispered, "I'm sorry." Then she leaned in and she kissed me. It didn't last very long. And, as she softly pressed her warm lips against mine, my mind raced to that one other time when our lips had touched. XXXXX She'd just come back from the arena and I'd desperately needed to show her how I felt about her. I had spent the last few weeks watching her fight for her life on TV. During the first few days, she did everything I would have done if I had been in her place, but the game makers couldn't just leave her alone. She'd scored an 11 during her training sessions and they wanted everyone to see what she was capable of. I could hardly breathe when I saw the Careers stationed under her tree. The baker's son's watchful eye on her made me very nervous. What game was he playing? He was trying to survive, that much was obvious, but why was he using her to do it? He had proven to be strong and smart enough to join the career pack, why wasn't he playing like a career then? After, as Katniss fought the effect of the tracker jacker poison, he helped her. He paid dearly for it. The career's sword slashed his thigh. I watched, dumbstruck, as the baker's son hobbled to the stream's edge. Once again I wondered what his angle was. Was he really willing to exchange his life for Katniss's? A few days later Katniss's young ally was killed and the strong, brave girl who had destroyed the career's supplies became despondent and, quite frankly, a bit reckless. I desperately wanted to reach out to her, to let her know, somehow, that she wasn't alone, that I thought she could still make it back. I've never felt so helpless in my life. And then, everything changed. First she received a gift from District 11. Then she was told she could have a new ally in the arena, someone she wouldn't have to kill in order to survive. I could hardly contain my rage when I saw Katniss and the baker's son kiss for the first time. Having her stuck in a cave taking care of a dying boy who was only holding her back had been one thing, but watching her share her first kiss with someone who wasn't me was almost enough to throw me over the edge of madness. Once again the Capitol was controlling our lives. It wasn't enough to starve and overwork us to within an inch of our lives, to send the district's children into an arena to fight for their survival, now they were intruding in a moment that should have naturally remained private. Why was the girl I loved being forced to kiss a complete stranger? That night the Capitol took something precious from me. That night I lost the opportunity to be the first person to kiss the girl I loved. Even though it hurt to watch I understood why she behaved the way she did inside the arena, after all, she was just trying to make it out of there in one piece. But I'd be lying if I didn't say that the way she acted once the Game was over really surprised me. My blood boiled over when she ran into the baker´s son's arms and acted like she would happily stay wrapped in his embrace forever. The bitter taste of bile made its way into my mouth every time Caesar Flickerman tried to interrupt their inappropriate make-out session. The Game was over, so why was the baker's son still groping my girl? Who did he think he was anyway? Why did he act like he owned her? And, why was she allowing this? She couldn't possibly be enjoying it, could she? I kept telling myself that it had all been an act, just a plan to gain sponsors and stay alive. There was no way any of it was real. I didn't know why she was humoring those silly Capitol people who seemed so interested in this inane romance. They were even dumber than I thought if they were falling for this act. I kept telling myself that it didn't really matter; she'd be back home soon enough. The important thing was that she'd made it out of there alive, and now that she was a victor she'd be able to do anything she wanted. Wasn't that what being a victor was all about after all? Once you survive the Games you are free to live your life in any way you want, right? I couldn't wait to have her to myself. I counted every minute I had to wait until I could get her alone in the woods. Our woods. Once we could talk everything would be explained. Getting to spend some time alone with her turned out to be more difficult than I'd anticipated. My work down in the mines and all of the celebrations she was expected to attend kept interfering with our private reunion. A couple of weeks went by before we could meet at our usual spot. She got there before I did. Once she saw me, she started crying, clearly relieved to see that I still wanted to be with her; that I wasn't mad at her for what she'd done inside the arena. There were so many things I wanted to say to her, so much I wanted to ask, but, by the time she'd calmed down, I could tell she wasn't interested in talking about any of it. She just wanted to act as though nothing had happened; she wanted to forget. I was happy to oblige, I wanted nothing more than that. I just wanted to go back to the way things were before that horrible day when her sister's name had been called in the town square. So I filled her in on all the news from town. I didn't mention the mines or the Games. I didn't ask what her plans for the future were and I certainly didn't discuss the baker's son. By the time we were done hunting, I had started to feel like we had succeeded in keeping the rest of the world at bay. There we were, back in our woods, just a boy and the girl he loved. A boy and a girl who were free of the Games. I had already survived my last reaping and she'd never have to participate in a reaping ceremony again, the time was right, I was finally free to make my intentions known. Under normal circumstances, I would have gone to her house and I would have given her flowers, then I would have taken her to the Meadow. I would have delivered a short speech. I would have told her how much I cared about her, how much she meant to me. I would have assured her that, even though I knew she wasn't interested in marriage or children, our lives would be better if we lived them together. Besides, who were we kidding? If she cared about me as much as I cared about her, she would probably change her mind about that anyway. But these weren't normal circumstances, so I decided to take a different approach. I decided to skip the flowers, the Meadow, and the speech and just go for it. I leaned in. Her whole body went stiff under my touch as my lips found hers. She didn't reject me, but I could tell that I had made her uncomfortable. I berated myself afterward. What had I been thinking? It was the first time we saw each other since her return to District 12. She'd been expecting the comfort and familiarity of her best friend. She didn't need to have my romantic advances shoved down her throat! She already had the baker's son for that. Why had I been so blind? The thing is, I hadn't been trying to pressure her. I'd just wanted her to know I was there for her and that I knew her romance with the baker's son wasn't real. That she didn't owe me any explanations; that the bond we shared went beyond that; that nothing had to change between us; that I was ready to pick up where we'd left off. Where we'd left off. Where had we left off? I'd never told her how I felt about her. Not when I admired her determination and strength while she managed, almost single-handedly, to keep her family afloat. And definitely not once I realized how much she'd grown up; how she'd turned from a scrawny little girl into a young woman who could make your heart melt when she smiled, something that was made even more precious by the fact that it didn't happen very often. I had always assumed she knew how I felt about her. How couldn't she? I thought that some of my actions and comments had made it pretty obvious. I had seen the way people from the Hob looked at us. How they just assumed we were together, how they knew we belonged to one another. Then again, she was never one to overanalyze things. She was always better with actions than with words. She'd been constantly consumed with worry over Prim's wellbeing and, up until recently, I'd never seen her pay much attention to any of the boys or men who approached her. Since I never really said anything to her, why wouldn't she be surprised by my sudden advances? So, I tried to give her space. It wasn't that hard, my job at the mines kept me busy during the week anyway. And on those precious Sundays when we would meet at our usual place I tried to act as though nothing had happened. We kept each other company. We talked about people in town. We hunted and we divided our game. We never mentioned the kiss. She never talked about her new life in Victor's Village, and I never mentioned the mines. Our new routine wasn't perfect, but it was good enough. Then the Victory Tour came along and everything changed. Again. She was only gone for a couple of weeks but, by the time she came back, she was already engaged to the baker's son. Engaged! A hot rage consumed me as I saw him drop on one knee and ask Katniss to marry him. But, watching her was much harder. I thought my head was going to explode when she pulled him into her arms and promised to keep him close and keep him safe for the rest of her life. It's not real, I kept telling myself; it's just an act. But something in the way she wouldn't let go of his hand made me feel queasy. So I made up some stupid excuse to get out of the celebration at the mayor's mansion and I spent the entire Harvest Festival hiding in the woods. It wasn't that bad. I hadn't had that much free time on the other side of the fence since I started working in the mines and I was able to catch a couple of rabbits and some squirrels. Any sense of calm I'd recovered during those days quickly vanished when I stumbled upon the offering she'd left