CHAPTER 1. The Reaping Katniss Everdeen closed her eyes and released the breath she'd been holding. The hot summer sun kissed her cheeks, and she felt its warmth spreading throughout her body. The tiniest of smiles danced on her lips. She could feel her muscles relaxing. With every passing second, she felt lighter, freer, happier. She wanted to stretch her limbs as far as they could go and jump; to open her eyes and run, as fast as her legs would take her, towards her sister. She wanted to hold Prim in her arms and lift her up, spinning her around in the air. Prim had always loved that. She said it almost felt like flying. The thought made Katniss want to chuckle, but she stopped herself. This wasn't the right time for public displays of euphoria. Not when she was in the middle of the town square, surrounded by people. Not when Tessa Monroe, the 15-year old girl old whose name had been called, was making her way towards the stage in front of them; walking in a straight line towards imminent death. Effie Trinket's shrill voice brought Katniss back to reality. "And now, for the boys," she announced. Katniss opened her eyes and took a deep steadying breath; only two words, repeated incessantly, occupied her thoughts. Not Gale. Not Gale. Not Gale. Not… "Peeta Mellark," Effie trilled from the stage. Katniss's eyes widened in surprise, and her hand rushed to cover her mouth. For a few seconds, the world stood still. A cold chill ran through her spine, and she forgot to release the breath she'd just taken. She closed her eyes, desperately trying to block the world around her. The thick warm air she was holding burned her lungs, and she forced herself to release it. After managing a few shaky breaths, she shook her head in disbelief. How is this even possible, she thought, how many entries could he have had inside that reaping bowl? She heard heavy, slow footsteps approaching her. She opened her eyes and turned towards the sound. There he was, Peeta Mellark, walking along the row of 16-year olds, making his way towards the center aisle that would lead him onto the stage. His broad shoulders were hunched forwards, and his blue eyes were trained on the ground, fear and confusion written all over his face. Every muscle in her body tensed. She felt like a tight bow, ready to snap. She trained her eyes on the blond merchant boy and wished he would look up like he'd done so many times before. She needed those blue eyes of his to land briefly on hers so that she could somehow comfort him. But he never looked up and, even if he had, what could she have done for him? Peeta reached the stage, and Effie Trinket introduced him to his district partner. For the first time since his name had been called Peeta looked up. He shook Tessa's hand and gave her a small smile while holding her gaze. Tessa looked away from him as soon as the handshake was over, clearly trying to distance herself from her fellow tribute. It was pretty common behavior. Why would you befriend someone you were meant to kill in a few days time? Watching the exchange, Katniss couldn't help but wonder if Tessa knew just how kind and friendly Peeta Mellark normally was. Not that she had ever spoken to him, of course. But she had been on the receiving end of his kindness once, and she had seen him around often enough. Always surrounded by people, a smile dancing on his lips and a warm glow in his eyes. What was going to happen now, she wondered, to the compassionate boy who'd taken a beating to feed a perfect stranger? A perfect stranger who still hasn't thanked him for his generosity, she reminded herself. With the introductions out of the way, Effie Trinket concluded the ceremony with the same information she repeated every year. "Be sure to tune in to tonight's national broadcast, it will feature the reaping ceremonies on all 12 districts," she chirped. Then she turned around, clapped her hands twice to draw the attention of the teenagers assembled on the stage, and went on to usher them into the justice building. As soon as Effie and the tributes disappeared, the crowd let out a collective sigh. The nightmare was over. They were safe. They had been granted one more year. The crowd assembled on the square began to disperse; friends and siblings found each other and embraced. Shy bouts of nervous laughter could be heard around the square. For a few minutes everyone was happy, everyone was at peace. Everyone. Except for a 16-year old boy, a 15-year old girl and both of their families. But Katniss didn't move. She stood, rooted to her spot, unable to take her eyes away from the door that led into the justice building; the door Peeta Mellark had just disappeared into. She wondered if he was feeling any better now, away from the district's sad eyes. For the next hour, he was going to be trapped inside the justice building. She knew that he was expected to say goodbye to his family and friends. She didn't even want to imagine how horrible that would be, being forced to leave her sister behind. She hoped she would never have to find out. At least today she didn't have to, she was safe, and Prim was safe. The thought brought a small smile back to her lips. Prim was safe. Just as these thoughts flashed through her mind, she heard a deep voice calling out her name. She turned around to find Gale. He was rushing towards her with outstretched arms and bright smile hanging on his lips. "We made it!" he said. "I'm done! I'm free, Catnip. I'm free!" Before she could even blink, he was already enveloping her in a crushing hug and lifting her off the ground. "Yes," she managed. "Congratulations, Gale." She tried to sound enthusiastic, but it fell a little flat. Gale let go of her and took in her serious expression. "Well, I know you're not out in the clear yet," he said, in what sounded almost like an apology. "But you're off the hook for one more year, you know? And Prim is as safe as she can be. So why are you still standing here, looking as stiff as a board?" "I'm not as stiff as a board!" "Hmm, you don't look particularly festive either." Just as she was about to tell him that being granted a one-year reprieve was not something she felt like celebrating she saw Prim walking towards them. "Hey, little duck!" Katniss greeted her sister. "See? I told you there was nothing for you to worry about." The younger girl stepped into her sister's arms and buried her face in the older girl's chest. "It was really scary," Prim admitted after a moment. "And, I feel terrible for Tessa and Peeta. We'll probably never see them again." Katniss rubbed her sister's back soothingly and shook her head. "We shouldn't count them out just yet, little duck. They might come back," she said, trying to sound optimistic. "Come on Catnip, be realistic," Gale intervened "how many tributes from Twelve have actually made it back? I'm sorry, I don't mean to be cruel, but Prim's right. Chances are we'll never see any of them again." She knew her friend was only being practical, but she didn't want to accept he was right. A flash of hot anger ran through her body, heating her temper. "So, what are we supposed to do now, huh? Just forget about them?" She countered. "They haven't even left the justice building yet, and you're already celebrating!" She could hear the anger seeping into her voice. Prim took a small step back and looked at her sister in surprise. Katniss could feel Gale's questioning look on her. She knew he was probably wondering what had gotten into her. She was never this concerned about people she wasn't related to and, after the last two reapings, she had celebrated her good fortune by joining Gale and some of their neighbors over by the Meadow. "Are you ok?" Prim asked. "Yes, little duck, I'm all right. It's just… How would you feel Gale?" she demanded as she turned to face her friend. "If it had been someone you knew, someone who had been kind to you? Would you react any differently? Would you feel anything besides relief at not being chosen? Would you still feel like celebrating your good luck?" Gale studied her face for a moment before answering, "I'm sorry, Catnip, I didn't realize… I didn't know you were friends with her. I don't remember you ever mentioning her. But, you know what, though? You're right. They're still here. I bet you could still go in to see her if you wanted to." Katniss stood still, was this something she wanted to do, she wondered. She'd already waited five years to thank the baker's son for the incredible gift he'd given her. Under normal circumstances, she probably would have waited for five more. But these weren't normal circumstances, and though she hated admitting it, Prim and Gale were probably right. There was a big chance that she'd never get to see him again. Was she willing to live with this debt for the rest of her life? Would she be able to live with herself knowing that she'd never thanked him; that she'd never acknowledged what he'd done for her? She didn't have to wonder long. She knew what the answer was. Peeta Mellark had helped her when no one else would, and thanking him for his kindness was the least she could do. She thanked Gale for the suggestion and turned to face her sister. She assured Prim that she was fine and that she could go to the Justice Building on her own. "Tell mom I'll be home as soon as I'm done here, alright?" Prim nodded and hugged her once more before finally letting go. Katniss was already walking towards the Justice Building when Gale called out to her. "Hey, Catnip, I can wait here for you if you like." She turned around to face him but kept on walking backward. "Thanks, Gale, but that's not necessary. I'll see you tomorrow, ok?" "Tomorrow?" He frowned. "Aren't you coming to the Meadow later?" "Nope, not this year. Have fun, though. I'll see you tomorrow." And with that she turned around, effectively ending their conversation. As she walked away, she realized she hadn't corrected Gale. Why had he assumed she was talking about Tessa? Was it because she was a girl, or because she was Seam? She knew her friend had no love for the district's merchants. He was always complaining about how their lives were so much easier than those of the district's miners. He'd spend hours on end criticizing the unfairness of a system that allowed merchants to live their lives without asking for help from the state while it forced the poor miners' families to ask for rations. Meager rations. Rations that meant adding their names more times into the reaping bowl; rations that meant that the odds were never in their favor. But the odds were a funny thing, weren't they? Because Gale, the Seam boy with 42 entries was out in the Meadow celebrating with his friends while Peeta -the merchant boy who'd only had five pieces of paper inside that horrible bowl- was being whisked away to the Capitol. So how was that fair? As far as she could tell, being a merchant hadn't kept Peeta safe. As she thought about it, she realized she didn't mind the misunderstanding. Not one bit. She had always kept her brief encounter with Peeta Mellark a secret. She hadn't wanted to cause him any more trouble than she already