Written for Prompts in Panem, dreamscape week, March/April 2015. Day 2: Rats (or Everlark battling with betrayal or illness). Beautiful banner by the awesome AlwaysEverlark. XXXXX Katniss ran through the crowded hallway with Haymitch at her heels. The big board by the nurse's station stated that Peeta had been assigned to the room at the far end of the corridor. She grabbed her mentor's hand and she ran, as fast as she could, towards it. Right before reaching the room, she stopped for an instant and turned around to look at her mentor's face. The older man's forehead was covered in sweat, but his eyes sparkled and a happy smile danced on his lips. She couldn't remember a time when she'd seen him this happy. Reading the questioning look in her eyes, he explained, "The boy's back." Katniss nodded in understanding and smiled. Letting go of her mentor's hand; she turned towards the door and pushed. The door swung open and Katniss rushed over to Peeta's bedside. Two nurses were standing next to him; they were talking in hushed voices while looking over a chart, they silently moved away from the bed to grant her access. There he was, lying unconscious on a hospital bed. He looked so pale, so helpless. There was a nasty cut on his lower lip and his left eyelid was swollen and had a purplish hue. His blond curls were dirty and matted on his forehead. She reached out and delicately brushed the back of her hand across his cheek, his skin was as soft as she remembered but she was surprised at how cold he was. She leaned over and softly pressed her lips to his temple, "you're safe" she whispered, "you're safe". Relief washed over her and she gave into it. Tears welled behind her eyes as a smile turned up her lips. She longed to hold him close, to climb into bed and wrap her arms around him; to share her warmth with him and never let go. She was about to follow her instincts, when she was startled by a voice. "Miss Everdeen, may I talk to you for a moment?" Reluctantly, she turned around to look at the thin man standing by the doorway. He was wearing the same white coat that all doctors in the district wore, she vaguely remembered seeing him around during her days in the medical facilities. "I'm dr. Cole," he said, "I have been assigned to Mr. Mellark's case. I'd like to have a word with you in my office, if that's alright." "Yes... I... I just want to be here when he wakes up," she replied. Her right hand moved instinctively along Peeta's arm, searching for his outstretched fingers, she laced them with hers. "Don't worry, miss Everdeen, he won't be waking up any time soon." Instantly, her whole body tensed up. "Why? What's happened to him?" She could feel anxiety radiating from her. She took a deep breath trying to recover the sense of wellbeing she'd felt just moments before. She didn't succeed. "Relax, miss Everdeen, he's alright. We just administered a fresh dose of morphling into his system. He needs to rest, and the nurses need to clean up his wounds. If you could just come with me to my office I'll explain everything." A quick glance in Haymitch's direction told her that her mentor wasn't going anywhere. With a small nod he reassured her of his intentions. She knew she could trust him to keep an eye on Peeta. She took one last look into the sleeping boy's beautiful face. Reluctantly, she let go of his hand and followed the doctor out of the room. XXXXX "Miss Everdeen, please take a seat," dr. Cole gestured to the empty chair across his desk as he sat down facing her. "First of all, let me assure you that Mr. Mellark's condition is stable and that the morphling shots we administered are nothing more than a temporary treatment." The doctor paused, allowing understanding to sink in and relief to flood her. Peeta was safe, he was here, by her side, and he was being cared for. "Why did you give him the medicine then?" she asked. "Well, we already knew that some of the victors held in captivity were being… mistreated," mistreated , such a mild word to describe torture, Katniss thought. The doctor went on, "so we decided to send a medical team along with the rescue squad. As you know, the victors were sedated when the squad lifted them for their holding cells." She nodded, she didn't know much about the rescue but she wasn't about to admit that to this man. The doctor went on to explain how the rescue team had found a couple of clipboards with some charts hanging from Peeta's bed in the Capitol. "Commander Boggs had the foresight to bring them along and the medical team reviewed them immediately," he added, "Thanks to these charts we know that during the last week Mr. Mellark's keepers had been injecting him with tracker jacker poison. We believe that the first doses were injected before his last televised interview." Her mind was spinning. The thought of tracker jacker poison running through Peeta's veins made her nauseous. She remembered Peeta's last performance, and she knew the doctor was right. This explained his behavior in front of the cameras. How he seemed to be lost and couldn't focus on anything. The doctor went on, "They were most likely trying to disorient him. According to the file, they kept having problems with the dosage. It seems that Mr. Mellark developed a resistance to the poison after surviving the tracker jacker attack in his first arena." "Is he still under the effect of the poison?" "Yes, the medical team on board the hovercraft ran a couple of tests and the results were conclusive. At present, Mr. Mellark's system is flooded with it." A cold chill ran along her back. "That's why we've kept him under sedation. We have injected him with morphling to counteract the poison's effect on his nervous system, and we've also added a repairing serum that will boost his metabolism and help rid his body of the toxin." Katniss nodded in understanding. "So, what happens now?" she asked. "Now… we wait. It will probably take a couple of days for the treatment to work. The medical team also discovered two broken ribs along with all the other scratches and bruises that you've no doubt noticed by now. This rest will also help the healing process of those wounds." Angry tears itched to escape her eyes. She had thought he looked battered and weak, but this was too much to take. She knew what the effects of the poison were, hallucinations, confusion, and terror and, to top it all off: pain. Why had it taken so long for her to figure out what was happening? She should've gotten him out sooner. At least he's here now , she reminded herself. I won't let anything else happen to him. I can protect him and keep him safe , she thought. "There's one more thing" doctor Cole's soothing voice cut through her thoughts. "I haven't had much time to analyze the information on the charts. But what I've seen so far leads me to believe that the poison injections were only one part of a more complex… treatment." "Treatment? What do you mean?" "Like I said, I'm not sure yet. But it seems that what Mr. Mellark's captors were trying to do goes beyond scaring and disorienting him. Some of the records on the charts show that along with the venom shots Mr. Mellark was exposed to certain audio-visual stimuli. From what I can gather, most of these where recorded scenes that involved you." "Me?" "Yes miss Everdeen, I believe they were using the poison and the images to turn him against you." Her pulse was racing, she couldn't breathe. The whole room was spinning around her and she couldn't stop it. It was like being back in the arena, mutts were chasing her, her lungs were about to explode, and her legs were ready to give in. But she couldn't stop. She couldn't let them win. She had to keep on running. She had to reach a safe place; she had to reach Peeta. Stop. Peeta. He's down the hall , she thought. He's battered and bruised. He's been poisoned but he's being treated. He's safe . Safe. The thought calmed her racing heart. "Are you alright, miss Everdeen?" Dr. Cole asked. She nodded. "So, what does this mean?" she asked. "It means we have to be patient. Like I said before he'll have to stay sedated for the next couple of days. While he sleeps, I'll study his chart. The truth is that we won't be able to determine the exact state of his mind until he wakes up. Once he does, we'll run a few tests, and we'll determine the best course of action." The doctor paused for a second, once again allowing the information to sink in. "Do you have any questions?" he asked. "Can I stay with him… while he's asleep… I want to stay with him." "Yes, as long as you don't interfere with the nurse's activities, you may stay with him until he wakes up." "Thank you doctor." As she made her way back to Peeta's room, she tried to organize her thoughts. Once again, things weren't what they seemed. One look at Peeta's sleeping form told her he'd been mistreated, that's what the doctor had called it, right? Mistreated. But his peaceful sleeping form didn't betray the horrors that she knew were probably playing out inside his head. The truth was that these people knew nothing. They didn't know about the nightmares and the gut wrenching fear victors felt every time they closed their eyes, or about the loneliness and despair they experienced every time they woke up. But she did, and she was going to try her best to reach into Peeta's mind, she was going to try to comfort him. XXXXX Peeta opened his eyes, the bright light blinded him. He blinked a few times, forcing his eyes to adjust to the brightness of the room. Slowly, he took in his surroundings. The bare walls enclosing him were painted a light grey; there were no windows that he could see. No natural source of light or air. There was a soft, constant beeping sound to his right, as he turned towards it he felt the stiffness of his limbs. He couldn't remember the last time he'd moved. His head felt heavy, his mind was muddled and his tongue was thick and dry inside his mouth. As much as he tried, he didn't recognize this place. The sleeping form lying by his side startled him. The girl was small. She was lying on her side, facing him. She looked so peaceful. Her arm was carelessly wrapped around his ribcage, and her long, dark hair was plaited in a loose braid that rested over her shoulder. He stared at her for a couple of minutes, trying to figure out who she was, but nothing about her seemed familiar. She was wearing something that looked a lot like a uniform, gray, ill fitting. He gently brushed his fingers along her sleeve and wrinkled his nose at the roughness of the fabric. Once again he wondered where he was, the room provided no clues and his brain still wasn't cooperating very much. He felt her stir and froze. He knew his own movements had probably awakened her. He watched as she lazily stretched her arms, her small hand brushed past his cheek. He held his breath and tried not to move. Startled by the contact with his face, she immediately pulled her arms back down and placed her hands above her chest. She looked up, her gaze fell on his face. He locked eyes with her. The warmth