AN: I think that few things are more romantic than standing by the one you love, through good times and bad. With that in mind, I came up with this little story for Valentine's. Written for Love in Panem's Valentine's Day Challenge on Tumblr. Hope you enjoy. XXXXX Love is... facing the world together. The eerie howls of vicious mutts pierced the air. Katniss ran. Sprigs and branches scratched her face and pierced her skin, trying to trap her as she desperately made her way through the woods. She had almost reached the clearing when she heard them again. The blood-thirsty creatures wailed, screeching her name as they followed her steps. She reached the cornucopia, practically crashing against its metallic surface, and turned around looking for Peeta. He wasn't there. Frantic, she tried to call out his name. But the darkness of the arena enveloped her, pushing her words down her throat and drowning her in its terrifying depths. XXXXX Katniss woke with a start. Her chest heaved, and her heartbeat pounded in her ears as she tried to figure out where she was. As the fog of sleep lifted, the dark, menacing forest was replaced by solid walls covered in flowery wallpaper and delicate curtains that billowed under a gentle spring breeze. Victor's Village. Slowly, Katniss began to relax. Her heartbeat slowed down, and she stretched her arms and legs, allowing her body to sink into the mattress. As her fear dissipated and the effect of adrenaline wore off, she noticed the dull pain in her limbs. Every muscle in her body ached. She huffed. Annoyed by the unwelcome reminder of Peeta's rigorous training regimen. Peeta. His name was still lodged in her throat. It had been trapped there ever since President Snow had announced the rules for the upcoming Quarter Quell, and it looked like it was going to stay there forever. Over the last few days, the initial shock and anguish she'd felt over being sent back to the arena had been replaced by a slow burning rage directed towards the world. Or, to be more precise, towards Peeta. The district partner she had once considered her friend had turned into a stranger in front of her eyes. As unlikely as it seemed, the sweet, caring boy who held her hand in the City Circle was gone. He had been swallowed by a strict trainer who barely spoke to her. A determined career who was bent on strengthening her body; even when it meant breaking her heart. Angry tears filled her eyes as she recalled the way he'd spoken to her that morning, barely acknowledging her presence as he insisted they had to run 3 miles in less than 30 minutes to reach their goal. What goal is that , she wondered, dying of exhaustion before I'm reaped? The strange thing was that the change in Peeta's attitude hadn't changed her mind. She was as determined to keep him safe as she'd ever been. She knew President Snow wanted her dead. The special provision for the Quarter Quell was nothing more than a ruse to get rid of her as publicly and swiftly as possible. But she stubbornly clung to the belief that, once she was out of the picture, Peeta might be spared. It was the one thing that kept her going. The thought that she wasn't going to die in vain. Because, even if she was doomed, Peeta still had a shot. But the heartbreak she felt whenever she woke up, scared and alone in the middle of the night, was beginning to take its toll. Different versions of the same nightmare invaded her thoughts every night. No matter how the dreams started, they all ended in the same way. With her, desperately looking for a Peeta who seemed bent on vanishing into thin air. Tired and frustrated, she turned to lie on her side. A soft breeze slipped through the small crack of her open window and caressed her cheeks. Hoping to keep the late-night chill at bay, Katniss burrowed under the covers. But her soft quilt failed to provide the warmth she craved. She scowled. Disappointment building up inside her like the pressure in a dam. "Enough!" she snapped at the empty room. Resolved to stop feeling sorry for herself, Katniss jumped out of bed and grabbed her robe. Noiselessly, she went down the stairs and slipped on the pair of trainers she always kept by the door. The pale moon followed her steps as she stealthily made her way to Peeta's house. She climbed the few steps to his front door and knocked. XXXXX Peeta's loud footfalls announced his approach. "Coming." The door swung open. Katniss had barely identified the outline of Peeta's shoulders when she threw herself at him; wrapping her arms tightly around his neck before he had time to react and push her away. Surprised, Peeta stilled. After a moment of hesitation, he lowered his arms, holding Katniss in a tight embrace. Enveloped by Peeta's warmth, Katniss relaxed. Her arms slid from his neck and moved under his arms, wrapping around his back. She tightened her hold on him, pressing her face against his chest and filling her lungs with Peeta's familiar scent. The sound of his heart, beating at a mad pace against her cheek, brought a smile to her lips. Peeta's open palms rubbed soothing patterns on her back. "What's wrong?" "I miss you," she grumbled into the soft t-shirt he slept in. "You saw me this morning." She shook her head against his chest. "No, I didn't." Confused, Peeta pulled back. "Katniss? Look at me." She did as he asked, loosening her hold on him just enough to look into his eyes. They were bloodshot and tired, looking at her with a sad kind of longing which touched her heart. It made her wonder how much he'd been sleeping lately. Peeta frowned. "What are you talking about?" "I haven't seen you for weeks," she groused, sounding like a petulant child. "What?" "Yeah! Since the Quarter Quell was announced. You… just… disappeared! You left me with Haymitch and that… that obnoxious trainer who yells at me to run faster every morning." Peeta's eyes hardened. Katniss fisted his t-shirt in her hands, afraid that he was going to push her away. But he didn't. Instead, he dug his fingers into her arms and said, "That obnoxious trainer is here to make sure you'll make it back home to your family after the Game." "No, he isn't!" Katniss countered, scowling as though her life depended on it. Maybe it did. Undeterred by Katniss's menacing frown, Peeta squared his jaw. "Katniss, come on! We don't have time to play games anymore. In three more months, you'll be back in an arena. You need to be prepared!" he yelled, finally letting go of her arms and pushing her away from him to cross his arms over his chest. With the sting of his latest rejection coursing through her veins, she yelled back, "You think I don't know that? That I don't think about it every minute of every day?" Silence followed. Katniss's words hung in the air between them; a sobering reminder of what their situation really was. A waking nightmare. Exhausted, Katniss sighed. Her shoulders slumped as she released her pent-up frustration. A gust of wind swirled around her making her shiver. Defeated, she wrapped her arms around herself and lowered her eyes to the ground. Peeta's feet, one artificial, one flesh, peeking out from under his pajama pants, caught her attention. We've already lost so much , she thought. Her voice was sad and weak in the cold dark night. "The truth is… I'm terrified. I know I need to train. But, more than anything, I need to have my friend back." "Katniss-" Peeta whispered. "Why do you think I survived the arena?" she interrupted, turning to face him once more. "Because I was prepared?" She shook her head. "I wasn't. Because I can shoot straight and forage? That helped," she admitted with a little shrug. Slowly, she reached out and grabbed his forearm. Squeezing gently, she said, "I never would have made it out of there without you." Peeta looked at her hand on his arm and shook his head. "That's not true. I endangered you more than I helped." Katniss's fierce scowl reappeared as she countered his words. "No, you didn't!" Using the fingers of her free hand, she counted the events on her list. "You mislead the careers, you pushed me away from the tracker jacker nest, and you fought Cato to protect me!" Peeta closed his eyes. His shoulders slumped as he let out a tired sigh. "I also weighed you down. Clove almost killed you because of me, and you couldn't hunt properly because I scared all the game away, remember?" he asked, opening his eyes and locking them with hers. Katniss shook her head. "You kept me sane," she insisted, "I would have gone crazy without you by my side! You gave me a purpose, Peeta, a reason to start moving again. I don't think I would have recovered from Rue's death if you hadn't been there," she whispered. A sad, lonely tear escaped her eye at the mention of Rue. She hastily wiped it away. Gently, Peeta reached out and cupped her cheek forcing her to look at him. "Even if that were true, I've still brought you a lot of trouble, Katniss. Why can't you see that?" She shrugged. "Maybe… it's because I've brought you trouble too. I got you beat up when we were kids. You lost your leg because I didn't use the right tourniquet, and now… Your name is going into a reaping ball because I failed. No wonder you hate me," she muttered looking away. "Stop. I don't hate you, and you know it." Peeta's voice was as soft as a caress. "And you didn't fail. Whatever's happening out there… it's bigger than us. You know that, right?" It was like being hit by a bolt of lightning. Awakened by Peeta's words, a long forgotten memory jumped back into Katniss's mind. She gasped, nervously glancing around, suddenly weary of having this conversation in the middle of his entrance hall with the front door wide open. Her mind raced as she tried to remember if their yelling match had included anything particularly incriminating. Don't worry about that now , she told herself, what's done is done. It's best to push forward. Tilting her head towards the back of the house, she asked, "Show me your backyard?" Looking at her through narrowed eyes, Peeta nodded. Without a word, he pushed the front door closed and pointed to the hallway. "After you." Katniss lead the way. She had never been to Peeta's house before, but his floor plan was identical to hers. She knew the long corridor would take them directly to the back porch. Her curious eyes wandered over Peeta's furnishings as she walked past the various rooms. She couldn't believe how different his house was from hers. Unlike the heavy, formal furniture her mother had bought, Peeta had found pieces that were elegant and delicate. The soft earth tones and beautiful artwork made the spaces warm and welcoming. She briefly wondered how he had managed to create such a soothing balance between luxury and sobriety using the catalogs the Capitol provided. A sudden flash of guilt gripped her. How was it possible that she'd never been there before? Let it go , she told herself, there's nothing you can do about that now. After opening the back door, Katniss stepped out into the porch. A rattan love seat at the far side of the veranda called out to her. She reached out for Peeta's hand and led him there. "You have a beautiful home," she said once they'd sat down. A small smile curved his lips. "Thanks. Portia helped." "She did?" "Yeah. She's been a great friend." Katniss