AN: Written for The Everlark Fic Exchange on Tumblr. Springtime Edition 2017. Prompt 51: Postwar: isolated Katniss did not sit frozen in that quiet tomb of a house, suffocating! She ran madly into the woods. It's years before anyone sees her again. What's become of 12, Gale, Haymitch, mom...of Peeta? [submitted by 567inPanem] I want to thank the wonderful xerxia31 for helping me with this one –believe me, this story is a LOT better because of her– and the always incredible akai-echo for making such a beautiful banner for me. Why I Went to the Woods. It's night when Katniss and Haymitch land on the green of the Victors' Village. Half of the houses have lights in the windows, including Haymitch's and hers. Not Peeta's. Someone has built a fire in Katniss's kitchen. She sits in the rocker before it, clutching her mother's letter. "Well, see you tomorrow," says Haymitch. As the clinking of his bag of liquor bottles fades away, Katniss whispers, "I doubt it." Katniss pulls an old shawl over her body and watches the flames. She sleeps. She wakes with the sunrise the next morning. Shy winter sunlight floods the room making the walls glow. Katniss gets up from the rocker and, with unsteady steps walks around the house. Nothing's changed. The formal sitting room, with its opulent armchairs, thick drapes, and marble tabletops is just as unwelcoming as it ever was. She can't believe she's back. Back in this house she never even wanted. Surrounded by all these objects her mother bought with her blood-stained earnings. Her chest tightens at the thought of her mother. Her old anger bubbling up as she remembers that Mrs. Everdeen is starting a new life in District 4. 'She should be the one living here,' Katniss thinks, 'surrounded by fancy end tables and antique frames.' And still, she isn't. As far as Katniss knows, her mother has no intention of setting foot inside this house ever again. A wave of sadness, cold and dark, grips her. She wraps her arms around her body and closes her eyes. It's a weak attempt to keep the loneliness at bay, and it's useless. All she feels is abandoned, bereft. She takes a deep breath. The faint scent of a rose fills her lungs, its cloying perfume sticks to her throat, choking her. Terrified, Katniss opens her eyes. Her whole body trembles as she looks around, trying to find the source of the smell. But the culprit is nowhere in sight. She holds her breath, desperate to keep the evil from seeping into her. But it's too late, the seed of fear has been planted in her mind, and her despair is quickly making it grow. Her chest begins to burn, and she crumbles to the ground, defeated, trapped under an avalanche of memories from a happier life. The sound of her sister's laughter. The warmth of her mother's embrace. Buttercup's indignant wails when he was locked outside the house during the night. The mouthwatering smell of freshly baked bread that seemed to fill every room whenever Peeta came by. They all rush back, pressing in on her, suffocating her with the sorrow of knowing those precious moments are never coming back. Katniss cries. Her gut-wrenching sobs bounce against the walls. She can feel them closing in on her, pressing their Capitol-made bricks against her frail body, magnifying the sound of her grief as they echo back her laments. Somewhere, deep in her gut, her instinct for survival kicks in. Blinded by the tears in her eyes, Katniss stands up and stumbles along the long corridor which leads to the back of the house. Swinging the door open, she steps onto the back porch and the biting winter breeze. She takes a few ragged breaths. Cold, fresh air fills her lungs, waking up her senses and numbing her pain away. Looking up, she takes in her surroundings. The unkempt yard, the light dusting of snow covering the dry grass, the trees with dark naked branches that look like skeletons coming out of the frozen ground. Warm tears sting her eyes. She feels small and lonely, as hollow as the empty walnut husks littering the ground. The sound of a twig snapping catches her attention, and she turns to find a small mockingjay perched on top of a tree. The bird looks at her, its black beady eyes holding onto hers for just an instant before turning away. A moment later, it spreads its wings and takes flight. Katniss keeps her eyes on the small black bird as it circles the yard a couple of times before heading out to the woods and the line of green pine trees beyond the fence. Her breath hitches when she notices the golden sunbeams that paint the sky sending sparks of color over the treetops and wrapping the world in a warm glow. Tall firs sway under a gentle breeze, releasing the scent of fresh pine needles into the wind. Closing her eyes, Katniss greedily breathes it all in. The familiar scent of damp wood and fresh moss wraps around her, blanketing her in the comfort only her woods can bring. Suddenly, the longing in her heart turns into a plan. 'I could do it,' she thinks. 'Leave the district. Run off. Live in the woods. There's no one to stop me now.' It takes a moment for the idea to sink in. But once it does, a sense of clarity and relief envelops her. After weeks of sorrow and uncertainty, she needs something to hang onto. And, for the first time in ages, this is a plan that feels right. Like something the old Katniss would do. Something she'd be good at. She doesn't give herself the chance to second guess her plan, immediately turning on her heels and going back into the house. Her feet rush through the empty rooms while she busies her mind with the list of things she needs to take with her. By the time she reaches her bedroom, she's winded and covered in sweat. The months of inactivity have clearly taken their toll on her body, but she refuses to give up. She's barely crossed the doorway when the sickly-sweet scent of a dying rose tickles her nose once more. Alarmed, she turns to find a vase on top of her dresser. One single rose, shriveled and fragile, but still holding on to the unnatural perfection cultivated in President Snow's greenhouse, stands among the dried flowers which fill the vase. With newfound determination, Katniss grabs the vase and rushes back to the kitchen where she throws the flowers into the embers. They flare up. A burst of blue flame envelops the rose and devours it. Katniss's heart swells, expanding in her chest as she relishes the sense of satisfaction and freedom which floods her as she witnesses President Snow's last threat going up in flames. With the flowers gone, she goes back upstairs and straight into her bathroom. Trembling fingers fight with the buttons and fastenings of the clothes she wears. She keeps going, leaving her crumpled garments in a pile on the floor and her fire-ravaged body bare to the world. Her sensitive skin pebbles from the cold, and she goes in search of a new outfit. Cotton underwear, worn trousers, and a soft flannel shirt caress her skin, bringing memories of long lost afternoons spent exploring the woods with Gale by her side. Her throat constricts at the thought of Gale. Her partner. Her friend. The boy who always had her back. The soldier who ignored her pleas and arguments, and brought District 2 to its knees. The man who can't look her in the eye because he knows that, even if he didn't send the bombs himself, he's still responsible for her sister's death. 'Gale's gone,' she reminds herself with a sigh, 'I need to keep on moving.' Silent feet carry her through the house as she inspects every room, opening drawers and doors as she looks for things she might need. With shaky fingers, she opens the door to Prim's room. Flowered wallpaper and pale blue curtains stare back at her, reminding her of the happy girl who decorated the space. Overwhelmed, Katniss freezes on the threshold, trying to fight back the waterfall of tears which threatens to swallow her in its depths. From the bedside table, a small watercolor of Prim holding Buttercup catches her eye. She doesn't remember ever seeing it before but, even from a distance, she recognizes Peeta's hand behind each graceful brushstroke. Silently, she crosses the room and grabs the simple wooden frame. Loving fingers trace the outline of Prim's features over the glass while her eyes absorb every line and swirl. He's captured Prim just as Katniss remembers her, happy and radiant, full of life, of possibility. Fresh tears run down Katniss's cheeks as she thinks of Peeta finding the time to paint Prim's portrait before the Quarter Quell. He had been so focused on their training, so determined to save her life, that she had almost forgotten how much he liked to paint. How much he cared about the beauty of the world around him. Suddenly, her pain and sorrow turn to a blinding rage that warms her veins and reminds her of everything she's lost. Her father, her sister, her childhood home, all the friends she's ever known… Her fingers tighten their grip on the thin frame, turning her knuckles white as she wonders if it was worth it to fight against the odds, to survive starvation, two arenas, and a war when every single thing she's ever cared about has been tainted or destroyed. "Why did I even bother?" she yells into the empty room. The portrait she holds in her hands is all the answer she needs. For Prim. Because her sister filled everything she touched with light and joy and she deserved a chance to live in a better world. For Peeta. Who, for all she knows, is still trying to claw his way out of a dark pit of confusion by holding on to the few precious memories he's salvaged from the wreckage of his fractured mind. A stab of longing pierces her heart. And, as the last traces of her anger seep out of her leaving her drained, she thinks that, just like her, Peeta's lost everything he once held dear. His entire family erased from the face of the earth just a few minutes after her rebellious arrow pierced the sky. Against her better judgment, she looks at the painting in her hands and asks, "Where are you, Peeta?" She doesn't want to care, she can't afford to worry about him when she's barely surviving herself. But the same stubborn determination which guided his hand and stopped her from killing herself tugs at her; pulling at her heart through some invisible string she can't seem to break. Because, even though she remembers calling him an ally, she knows he's much more than that. Peeta is her friend, her light in the dark. The one person who's risked everything he is to keep her alive. But he's also the man who holds the key to the most vulnerable part of her soul. In his arms, she's found comfort, tenderness, and an overwhelming need that thrills and terrifies her like nothing else ever has. He's her saddest memory and her brightest moment under the sun. He's loyalty, passion, and hope all rolled into one. And now that he's gone, she feels as lost as a ship stranded under a black starless sky. In her dark exile, she tries to keep him close to her heart, to find his voice in her thoughts, to remember the way he inspired her, guided her, kept her safe before the hijacking took him away. But she's weary and tired, and she doesn't have the energy to pretend anymore. So, it's there, standing in her sister's empty room, that Katniss