Disclaimer: Harry Potter belongs to J. K. Rowling. Special thanks to wonderful Gaeleria for betaing this for me, and also to olivieblake for her explanations on proper dialogue punctuation. [This fic is a translation from Spanish of my own fic Brillante e infalible ] BRILLIANT AND FOOLPROOF OneShot Phase one: Think of a master plan Sirius Black sighed and turned on his bed. And then he turned again. And again. And then he turned once more. "James," he hissed, turning a bit onto his right side. "Mmmmwhat," James answered from the bed next to him. "Are you sleeping?" James didn't answer, but let out a sleepy murmur instead. "Remus," Sirius whispered, this time to his left side. "Sleep, Padfoot." "I'm too bored, I can't sleep." "Sirius," Remus sighed. "What?" "Do you know you're acting as if you are six instead of sixteen?" "I don't care. I can't sleep." "Ok, let's do something: if you stay quiet all night, I'll do your homework for a whole week," Remus sleepily promised. "Done." Five minutes and ten turns on the bed later, Sirius turned towards Remus again. "Remus," he whispered. "What," Remus answered, nearly fully asleep. "I give up. I'm too bored to stay quiet," Sirius said, before adding, "but hey, if you still wanna' do my homework for a week, then feel free." Remus sighed again. "I knew it." "You knew what?" "That you'd be unable to use our deal to think a brilliant prank and, at the same time, make me do your homework." "Are you seriously telling me that you thought I would plan a new prank while I was quiet?" "Of course. You're a Marauder, aren't you?" Sirius felt his pride run away from him and throw itself on a wandless free fall from the window. "I'm gonna' make you eat your words, Moony. This night I'm going to think of the best prank Hogwarts has ever seen, you'll see." "And will it be brilliant and foolproof?" "All that and a lot more," Sirius nodded. "Well then, but do it in silence." Sirius didn't answer, too busy thinking up a prank that wouldn't result in too harsh a punishment. "Remus." "What now?" he sighed. "You're still doing my homework for a week, right?" Peter's snore, two beds away, left the answer clear. Phase two: Brag about your master plan before sharing it Sirius had been weirdly calm and wearing a smug smile all day, and Remus was starting to get scared. "Sirius, are you okay?" Peter asked, looking at him with curiosity. "I couldn't be better, my dear Wormtail," he answered, putting his bag on his shoulder and looking at the time. "We're going to be late for class." James and Peter looked at him as if he suddenly had two heads. "You sure you're okay?" Peter asked again. "We've got Transfiguration now." "I'm perfectly fine, Peter. Come on, move, or else Minnie will have our heads if we're late again," he repeated. Remus feared the worst. On the way to class, Sirius joked three times about Snape, flirted with a sixth-year Ravenclaw girl and jumped on James to be carried for a while. "Good afternoon, Professor. You look more beautiful than you normally do," he greeted. Surprisingly, they were within the first ones to arrive. "Good afternoon, Mr. Black." Minerva looked at her watch, awed. When she confirmed that, effectively, they were on time, she gestured for them to enter. "Potter. Lupin. Pettigrew. It seems that at last you've learned the importance of punctuality," she commented, observing how they sat down. "See the extreme measures we have to undertake to make you happy, Professor," Sirius answered, taking out a small piece of parchment while waving at the arriving students. "And to think that you repay us with punishments..." James said, shaking his head and taking out a quill and ink. Then he winked at Lily Evans. The bell rang, and Minerva closed the door with a with a wave of her wand. "Now that we're all here, we'll start studying Human Transfiguration. Open your books to page 245 and carefully read the next ten pages. Then I want you to write a diagram, a summary and an essay explaining the basic theory, to be handed in at the end of the class. Make sure you understand the theory correctly, because tomorrow we'll start practising. If you have any doubts, you can ask me." The students began to open their books and take out their materials, sighing. "Professor," Sirius, who only had on the table a quill, some ink and the textbook, called. "Tell me, Mr. Black." "Can James and I write you an essay?" "Of course you can. What's more, you must." The teacher peered over her spectacles at them from the other side of the class. "You and Mr. Potter have to write me an essay, diagram, and a summary, Mr. Black. Or weren't you listening?" "Thank you, Professor. It was only a doubt I had." Immediatly, Sirius took out a new piece of parchment. "Prongs, you write the summary, I write the diagram, and we both write the essay," he murmured to James. "Deal." Remus rolled his eyes and turned to them. "You have to write the three things each." "Minnie said we could do them," Sirius argued while James nodded seriously. Peter turned too, smiling. "Technically, Sirius' right." "By the way, Remus, I've got the idea for you-know-what," Sirius muttered, bending forwards. "But we have to get detention first." "You want to start on detention what will no doubt end on detention?" Remus asked. "Yes." "What are we starting?" Peter turned himself completely in his chair so he could see James and Sirius properly. "Yeah, yeah. Why do we need to get detention again? We've been all week without, Sirius, we were going to break a record," James said, putting his quill on the table and looking at his friend with interest. "Misters Pettigrew, Potter, Black, and Lupin, is something the matter?" Minerva asked sarcastically. "No, Professor," James answered, smiling innocently. "Then, if you may, please get back to work." "Yes, Professor," the four answered at the same time. Ten minutes later, Sirius scribbled a note on the small piece of parchment, showed it to James, and then hit Remus on the back. "What do you want, Sirius?" the lycanthrope asked, turning to him. Sirius gave him the piece of parchment, perfectly folded, and a quill. "Here, I've just remembered that this quill is yours," he said, pretending under the teacher's inquiring glance. "Ah, thanks," Remus answered, always kind. He unfolded the note on the middle the desk, and he and Peter joined their heads together to read it, while, in the back tables, Sirius and James whispered. I've got a foolproof plan. Let's meet at the Shack at half past ten tonight. Moony, ask Lily to do your rounds tonight. And someone please explain to me the four Transfiguration laws. No one noticed the curious glance Minerva McGonagall threw at them. Phase three: Revise the details before starting the plan (again, master plan) "Remus, it's my prank," Sirius protested. "And if I say that it has to start while on detention, then it has to start while on detention." "I'm just saying that it's not a good idea." "Honestly, to send the letter we don't really need to be on detention," James reasoned. "And then, how do you propose we leave the letter in her private office, which we only have access to while on detention?" Sirius countered, stealing a chocolate frog from Remus. "I can do it," Peter suggested, and reddened when they all glanced in his direction. "I can transform myself into a rat and sneak in through the window or something." "Yeah," Sirius nodded. "We can carry you until we're near the office so you don't have to worry about carrying the letter and avoiding Mrs. Norris at the same time." "It's a good idea, Wormtail," James said, smiling. "And who writes the letter?" Remus asked, gifting Peter with a chocolate frog. "You write it, and then we distort the handwriting with magic," James proposed. "All right," Remus sighed. "Pass me a quill and parchment," he added, while transforming a loose board into a table and a rock into a chair. Peter got out of his backpack a quill, some ink, and a piece of parchment, and passed them to Remus who, already seated, was looking expectantly at Sirius. "All right, dictate," he said, wetting the quill in the ink. "Dear Professor Minerva McGonagall," Sirius started, walking around the room and waving his arms. "Comma. I see myself in the regrettable labour of informing you that your methods of teaching do not comply with the criteria established by the (look out, they're initials) U. M. I. E., the Union for Magical International Education. Period." "For that reason," James continued, "comma, you must undertake an owl course to learn to educate this generation of witches and wizards, comma, which is not like the last generation of witches and wizards nor like the next generation of witches and wizards. Period." Sirius nodded seriously, and Remus had to contain his laughter. "Your turn, Peter." "Oh, me?" "Of course, it's a paragraph each," Sirius answered, already seated on the floor. "Do delight us." "Where were we?" Peter asked. "The owl course," Remus answered, wetting the quill again. "Okay," Peter sighed. "Copy: said course will arrive tomorrow morning, comma, and you only have to memorize it to put it into action as soon as possible to educate correctly this generation of witches and wizards. Full stop. Of course, comma, you may send any doubt you have with an owl, and we will answer joyfully. Period." James laughed. "Your turn, Moony," Sirius said, grinning. Remus wrote something on the parchment before murmuring a spell to change the handwriting. "Done." "Read it," Sirius complained. "Without further ado, comma, I salute you, full stop. I hope you enjoy our course and learn to teach the witches and wizards of this generation correctly, which will take us to the future and to progress. Period. May everything you teach be useful and everything your students learn help them in life. Period. Yours faithfully, comma, Laudinus Parexis, comma, Subsecretary of the U. M. I. E. Postscript: If you do not comply with the owl course, comma, there will be consequences, comma, Professor McGonagall, comma, there will be consequences. Ellipsis." They all laughed happily. "Minnie will never buy this," James commented while Remus put the parchment in an envelope and sealed it. "That's the joke," Sirius answered. "C'me on, let's go leave her the letter before going to sleep." The quartet went out the door ready to make a prank that could cost them dearly, but none of them faltered. They were Gryffindors through and through. Phase four: Observe the results of the first part of the master plan and commence the second part "Hey, Albus," Professor McGonagall's voice said. Sirius stopped suddenly and both he and Peter hid behind a statue. "Yes?" "Have you ever heard of the U. M. I. E.?" Peter giggled and looked at Sirius with round eyes, who returned an equally surprised look. "No, I don't think I've ever heard of it, Minerva. Why?" the old director answered. Minerva sighed, exasperated. "Just what I thought. I've received a letter from that organization that says my educational methods aren't correct." "Don't worry, Minerva, you couldn't be a better teacher. That must be a prank." "Well, if I catch the pranksters..." murmured Minerva, and the footsteps of both Professors moved away on the other direction. Sirius looked at Peter and grinned happily. "Let's finish this, okay?" he asked. Peter nodded, smiling, and both started to run towards the Transfiguration class. When they arrived, Peter stayed guarding at the door, while Sirius entered running, waved his wand and wrote some words on the blackboard. It's hard to believe that at your age you still have doubts about your teaching quality, Professor