A/N Ok. So I'm writing this simply because I did not like the way things turned out in twilight. Lol. Tough shit, I know. BUT NOT IN MY OWN LITTLE FANTASY WORLD. In this world Bella was still reckless, and in love with her vampire, but things dont go down the same the cliff edge. This change is one that will lead her to a completely different ending. Edward doesn't go into Romeo and Juliet mode, and so he doesn't have reason to come back to Forks…at least not for a while… *dun dun dun* And this IS my first twilight fanfic out there, so you super fans should probably cut me a break if I make some stupid context error in regards to the general story line or characters. =/ Disclaimer: I do not own the Twilight Saga characters. The ONLY thing I have any rights to is the plot line and S. Meyer ever helped a bit with that too. So, no suing me for copyright infringement, k thanks. With that, let the story begin. My I will warn you readers, the first few chapters I tried to make the little 'mance between Jake and Bells continue on as slow and awkward as it was in the actual series. Didn't want to rush them, ya know? Jake said he had just needed another 6 months so I'm giving it to him; hopefully Miss Swan isn't a dumbass and doesn't let all that sexy beefcake go to waste. O.o Well what are you waiting for? READ! And when you're done *reviewwwww*! The wind whistled through the trees behind me and over the waves in front of me. I watched them crash against the rocks far below and felt like those waves and I had a lot in common. Edward had been gone for so long…and yet still I ached for him. Everywhere I looked I saw another memory from our past, and each time it was like being thrown against the rocks of the cliff, and exploding into a million pieces. It wasn't fair… He wasn't fair…. And I was stupid for ever believing I was good enough to keep him. My foot nudged a rock off the edge of the cliff and I watched it plummet down and be swallowed by those waves. A picture of Sam and Emery taking the same path came to mind. They had lived…I would too… though I was beginning to wonder if I cared either way… I just wanted to see him again… and this was the only way I could do it… so why was I hesitating? I moved a hand up to gently touch my chest and was amazed yet again to find that it was solid, and no hole was present where my heart would normally be; it ached like a huge hole should be there. Thank God for Jacob. I didn't think he could ever fix me, it was putting a band aid on a gushing wound, but I did want him to try. I wanted someone to try. I found another rock with the toe of my sneaker and kicked it over the edge of the cliff. Poor thing… it would never climb back out of that churning water and return to the top of the cliff… it would never find its way back to where it belonged… I stepped up and let the toes of my shoes hang off the ledge. I heaved a sigh and then gasped as a pair of huge arms wrapped around me and jerked me away from the cliff edge. "Are you crazy Bella? Do you want to die?" Jacob hissed as he pulled me against his chest and growled into my hair. "No…I just wanted to see…" I sighed. I hated talking about Edward to Jacob. It just led to us arguing and me defending the man who had left me behind like last week's garbage. "No Bella. There's no good reason for this. You can't keep doing this. What the hell would Charlie and Renee do? What the hell would I do?" His crushing hug was starting to make it hard to breathe. "Jake…I didn't do it…it's OK," I whispered and tried to wiggle from his arms. "No. It's not ok. But there isn't a damn thing I can do about it... other than not let you out of my sight again…" He sighed and slowly released his grip. "So from now on I won't just protect you from that leech, but from yourself." I sighed. "Jake. I'm not suicidal. And you can't protect me from everything." He snorted, "I can try Bells." He was relentless, and he deserved better than I could give. But he wouldn't listen to anything I said…thank god I had him… "Whatever." He grinned and wrapped an arm around my shoulder before guiding me back towards where I had parked my truck. He wore his usual carefree smile but I could tell that I had scared him. "Come on, let's get you home, and warm, and safe," he said and nudged me to the passenger side door. "I'm always safe with you." I grumbled, "You won't even let me handle knives when I'm cooking." He laughed and climbed into the driver's seat, "You would cut off a finger Bells! You can't even walk without finding something to trip on." I huffed at him, but we both knew I wasn't mad at him. I could never stay mad at him long, even if I did have a good reason. "Want to watch a movie? I rented the new werewolf flick, thought we could get a few laughs out it," he smiled over at me as he pulled back out onto the road and pointed us towards my house. I smiled and nodded at him, but when he turned and looked back at the road I couldn't make myself do the same. I had liked his hair long but he was handsome both ways, with his beautiful skin, and his beautiful smile, and his beautiful body. It blew my mind that he wanted to be with me. He was like Edward…either one of them could get whatever girl they wanted without much effort. Too bad I was ruined. "Stop staring Bells, you're making me nervous," he murmured and then chuckled as I blushed and jerked my eyes back to the road. "I wasn't staring…" I mumbled quietly. Sadly we both knew I was lying. Charlie wasn't home, but that didn't bother me. Had Jake not been here I would have felt the loneliness like knife to the chest; I wasn't good at being alone anymore. Thank God Jacob was here. I sighed; I was getting tired of thinking that. He put the DVD that had been left on the table into the player and flopped on the couch. But when I raised by eyebrow he just grinned and said that he had been 'pretty confident' I wouldn't turn him down. I glared at his smirk and wandered into the kitchen. He was always hungry. By the time I had made the two of us four sandwiches, of which I would only be eating one; he had the movie paused and ready to play. He smiled warmly at the food and I, and patted the couch next to him. I sat down and scooted over till our sides touched, not enough to encourage his already determined self but just enough that I could soak up some of his heat and temporarily not be frozen inside. He munched happily on the food and I nibbled my own. Within twenty minutes the movie had already started being ridiculous with its grotesque hairy monsters that looked nothing like my Jacob, and I was starting to doze off. I awoke to find that I was no longer sitting up next to Jacob, but sprawled across the couch with my head on his lap and his hand resting comfortably on my upturned shoulder. I coughed and sat up; being in that close of proximity with him always made me a little nervous, and a little depressed. "You passed out, and I didn't have the heart to wake you." He raised his arms over his head and stretched while yawning. I caught myself wishing he had forgotten to put a shirt on again so I could watch his muscles flex with the movement. I shook myself and looked at the floor, "Yeah…" "Stop making that awkward face Bella. You don't ever have to be awkward with me. Just relax and do or say whatever feels right. Easy as breathing," He smiled warmly at me. Why did I always feel like he was waiting for me to blink profoundly and suddenly tell him I loved him and I had been crazy all this time? Why did it always bother me that I couldn't give him what he wanted? Why was he always smiling! "Sorry," I glanced at the clock on the DVD player and sighed. "It's like 2 am. You should probably head home before Charlie sees you or Billy misses you." "Charlie already did. He smiled, patted your head, and told me to move you upstairs when the movie was done. Then he told me if my hands did any wandering on the way he would put them into handcuffs for me." Jake laughed like it was the funniest thing he had ever heard, and I stared at him open mouthed. "And as for Billy, ever since my first phase I have been coming home pretty late or not at all. So he doesn't mind." He had all the answers. I rolled my eyes. "Fine. You can sleep on the couch. I'm going to bed." He smiled at me, "I will. And if anything that wants to hurt you gets anywhere near this house, I'll show it how the natives like to play." I sighed heavily at his dramatic efforts and he laughed again. It must be lovely to have so much to laugh about. "Goodnight Bells," he stood and gave my hand a soft squeeze before giving me a nudge towards the stairs. I gave him a little smile and mumbled a 'night' in his direction, and then I trudged up the stairs and into my bedroom. The bed was cold…and my heater was sleeping on the couch. I sighed and imagined the cold sheets were alive and male, and pale with golden eyes. Again I awoke to a surprise. Someone was shaking me and saying my name over and over, and though this much was not new to me, the face in front of me was. Charlie was nowhere in sight and Jacob filled my vision. "You were screaming…" he whispered, brows drawn together in worry, "and you're crying…" "I'm sorry…I…didn't mean to wake you…" I heaved out the words between sobs. Why were the nights always so horrible? Jacob sighed, "Don't you dare apologize to me for having a bad dream. Scoot over." I didn't have the will to argue, nor to move, "Jake…" He didn't seem bothered as he slid his arms under my back and legs and scooted me over to the other side of the bed. I shivered as I was moved from my warmed up sheets to the cold ones, but he was quick to follow me down and smoothly slide under the sheets next to me. "Y…you can't…sleep with me…" I cried softly at him as his warm arms wrapped around me and he pulled me up against his chest. "Shhh…" he whispered as he wiped my cheeks free of tears and petted my hair out of my face. "Stop worrying and let me protect you from those nightmares. Stupid dream catcher…must be faulty." I almost…ALMOST…smiled. He would protect me from the dreams, of that I was sure, but I doubted I would ever stop worrying. "Thank you…Jake" He tucked another wayward strand of hair behind my ear and smiled down at me, "Well there's