A/N: This fic is written by: Jessi (Krillball6 on this site) : This is my fic written with another author (Eleniel). I hope you all enjoy it. Elle(me): This fic is writtern purely for fun and bag of laughs but in a way this will also be reflecting the lives of the writers. Jessi and I would appreciate reviews and constructive criticism. However, I ask you not to be too cruel on that. I hope you enjoy this. We're in middle earth, at least we're not Mary sues- chapter one Let's just start with a brief introduction. I am Shruti. My name can mean two different things: according to my mother, it means 'A sweet voice.' According to everyone else, it means 'Wisdom that is passed down.' But I will be using my nickname, Eleniel or Elle through most of this story. At the time this story starts, I am fourteen years old and my summer holidays are just about to end. What did I look like at the time? My skin was dark, medium dark, not too dark. I had and still have really big, chocolate colored eyes; seriously, people told me that I had the headlamps of a car instead of eyes. My hair was long, it went a couple inches below my shoulders, it was not really black; it was more of a very dark brown, with streaks of dark purple, which turned red in the sun. See, I wasn't 'strikingly beautiful' therefore, I wasn't a Mary sue, I am still not a Mary sue and I never will be! Happy now? I am! While most of these fanfics start in countries of the western hemisphere, my part of the story doesn't. I really don't want to spoil the effectiveness of this story by changing the names, places and languages. So, I don't care if loads of you are unfamiliar with the language that I have used here at some points, translations are given alongside. These pages contain my thoughts and my friend Jessi's thoughts on what really happened. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Hello all, my name is Jessica. I hate that name though; it's so normal and popular. My mom originally intended my name to be Jessi and I honor that (I like it better anyways) so that's what I'll be called throughout this fic. When this fic takes place I'm 15 years old and I have about a month left in my summer holidays. I'm medium height with vibrant blue eyes and natural red lips. I'm not over weight but I'm not skinny or in great shape or anything…I'm still learning to love my body and I've been working out lately to "tone up". My hair is weird and I totally hate it (doesn't every girl?), its fuzzy and puffy although I usually keep it up in a ponytail and that keeps my hair nice and neat at the front but it goes curly and crazy at the back. It's bleach blonde at the front and turns brown in the middle and then red at the back…and this is all natural, I'm an all-natural girl, no make-up or anything. This is me…I'm not a very interesting person or anything…I'm ok looking, although many guys have said I'm beautiful… I think they're lying (yet again…don't most girls?) I live in the southern part of Canada (go Canada eh?). I speak English and a tiny bit of Japanese. New Delhi, India. 7th August 2005. It was half and hour past midnight and was working on my fanfic 'Darkness has come' along with that I was also talking to a fellow writer and friend, Jessi on MSN. I was lost in my world of writing, drama and romance…until…. "Shruti didi! I can't sleep! Will you sing for me, please?" asked my five-year-old cousin sister, Mili who was staying with me. ('Didi' is a term of respect used for an older sister…in my culture.) Those little innocent eyes, I just couldn't resist. So much for being a tough older cousin! What can I say? Kids like me and I like them. So, I shut down my laptop and carried Mili to my very large bed. "Now, which song would you like, Mili?" I asked, putting her down and tucking her in. "That song which you always sing. The one about colorful masks." She said "You mean 'Masquerade' from 'The phantom of the opera'" "Yes." I smiled, glanced at my silver ring and began to sing for my innocent little cousin "Masquerade! Paper faces on parade . . . Masquerade! Hide your face, so the world will never find you! Masquerade! Every face a different shade . . . Masquerade! Look around - there's another mask behind you! Flash of mauve . . . Splash of puce . . . Fool and king . . . Ghoul and goose . . . Green and black . . . Queen and priest . . . Trace of rouge . . . Face of beast . . . Faces . . . Take your turn, take a ride on the merry-go-round . . . in an inhuman race . . . Eye of gold . . . Thigh of blue . . . True is false . . . Who is who . . .? Curl of lip . . . Swirl of gown . . . Ace of hearts . . . Face of clown . . . Faces . . ." I sang, finding Mili asleep at the end. The song always worked on the child. "Sleep my sweet angel." I whispered to Mili, lightly kissing her forehead and then climbing into my half of the bed. "A masquerade indeed, my dear. I wonder what mask you shall wear? Happiness or fear? Or perhaps…love" a female voice said to me, a voice that I had grown accustomed to hearing, though I knew not it's owner. Seep came to me at long last, a dreamless slumber. Orangeville, Canada 6th August 2005 I was talking to my penfriend Elle on MSN when she had to leave for a bit. It was around 1:00 pm here, I don't really know for sure cause I was too lazy to look at the clock. I decided to go for a walk in my backyard. Since I lived in the country my backyard was huge with trees and bushes everywhere. I went to my room to change into some real clothes (I was just wearing my pj's…yet again I was too lazy to change). I put on my baggy black jeans with the snake on the back pocket and a tight light blue shirt. I went to my closet and put on my heavy black hooded sweater; even though it was summer here it got quiet cold in the mini forest I was going to. I put my hair back in a ponytail and grabbed some packs of gum and threw them in my pocket (I went no where without a few days supply of gum, I am totally addicted to gum). I was just about to leave my room when I remember I forgot to put on my ring, I never went anywhere without it. It's a sterling silver ring with a simple design on it. It had a little section with leaves and curling wire everywhere. It was small and plain ring, that's part of why I got it; the other reason was because it looked elf like. Anyways, I headed out the door popping a piece of gum into my mouth. I headed for the back of the forest where our mini lake was. I loved to just sit and watch the clam water. As I walked through the trees I started to get worried. "Where is the Lake? I never thought it was this far..." After about 10 minutes I knew something was wrong, there was no way the lake was this far away from my house. I started to panic and I broke into a run. I looked for any sign of daylight to get me out of the forest. I tripped and landed flat on my face. "Ow," I sighed as I got up. "Ok Jessi, you need to clam down and think. You will get out of the forest eventually; you just need to find some way out," I looked around and saw a little circle of light to the right of me. I panted as I jogged to the opening. It got bigger and bigger until I saw an open grassland. "Oh thank god!" I screamed in an annoyed voice. "I'm never going for a walk again," Once I got out of the forest I looked around. I started to panic once again; this was no where near my house. I had explored the whole area around my house and I had never seen anything like this. "What in god's given name going on!" I started to walk along the forest edge wondering what was going on. I was nowhere near my house, I was totally lost and confused. I walked for a bit more and I was freaking out the whole way. Unexpectedly, I saw someone lying on the ground. It was obvious that they were sleeping and I felt bad that I was going to wake them up but I needed to know where I was. I walked over the person to face them. "Elle? What is she doing here?" I was in a daze, first I got lost then I found my friend who should be half the way around the world! I started to shake her, "Elle wake up!" That did not seem to be working, she just continued sleeping. I yelled in her ear, "ELLE WAKE UP!" She moaned and rolled over saying, " Later, mom. Let me sleep!" I got up and walked over to face her once again "Sorry Elle but I gotta wake you up," I cringed as I my hand made contact with her face. She barely moved. "Oh come on" Then I saw movement, her eyes opened and… -Elle's P.O.V.- How would you like to be woken up be someone that you don't think you know? Guess what? My only reaction was to scream. Well, I was in a sort of tense situation but I might have known her. Something about her was vaguely familiar. "Who are you?" I asked, sitting up and looking around. Strange, very strange, I was in the middle of a forest. What happened to my blood red and black bedroom? "Get away from me!" I said, moving away. The stranger who woke me up seemed to be slightly confused and yet frightened "Hi, I'm Jessi." She said, extending a hand. Wait…how was I in Canada? Or was she in India? What was going on? "Nice to finally have met you." I said surprising myself and taking her hand and letting her help me up from the ground. "Where are we?" I asked "I'm not sure but I did start out walking from my house." "Well then, let's start walking back." I suggested "That's the catch, Elle. I'm lost. We're lost. I can't find my house." She said. She started to whimper and I could tell she was hold back the tears. She started to rock back and forth holding her head in her hands. I shifted uncomfortably not knowing what to do. I could see her shoulders moving and I knew she was crying. "Please," She started, "Please I just wanna go home" She sniffed and she looked up, still rocking back and forth. "Elle, I'm sorry, I'm so weak..." She wiped away her tears as she looked at me. "It's fine!" I said trying to sound cheerful "Hey, wouldn't it be funny if we landed up in Middle Earth?" She smiled a little, "I guess. But that would be the joke of the year. How're we gonna get home, Elle?" "Quoting you: 'I'm not sure'. Come on, it can't get worse than this, can it?"