Lord of the Rings Title: Daughter of Rohan Rating: PG-13 A/N: No romance at all. Alysa is pretty young- about seven years old at the beginning. Summary: Eowyn's daughter grows up disfigured in a court where the beauty of women counts for everything. Desperate to perform deeds such as her mothers, she is repressed at every stroke, by her mother's bitterness and unfulfilled potential. Alysa looked down into the garden. It was flowering with all the exotic plants in season, in this late spring/ early summer season. Down below her, she could see her mother toiling and labouring in the garden, occasionally pressing a hand to her back. Alysa knew her mother was going to have a baby- everyone had been telling her so, and she was looking forward to a sister to play with- though she knew how much her mother wanted a son. Her father was always away now at the court of King Aragorn. Her mother had used to go with him, but now that the baby was coming she refused even the risk of a litter. She was so certain that this time she carried a boy. Alysa didn't know why her mother didn't ride a horse. It seemed so silly to her that only men could ride horses. Slipping into a daydream- her favourite occupation, she locked her arms about her tree. When she was grown up, she was going to be a shield maiden, and fight like her mother, and ride horses all the time. She didn't know exactly how she was going to do this, every time she told her mother her dreams, her mother mocked them, telling her that only men could do such things, and that she was not a man. And when she asked her father if it was possible, he merely looked sad, as though he dreamt of far away days and deeds. Lost in her thoughts, she didn't notice that she was sliding down the branch, until she was at the end. She fought wildly to stay balanced, and for a moment succeeded, until a gust of wind shook the branch- and threw her off. As she fell, she felt a branch tear at her face. All she could see was blood, and all she could taste was the same. She hit the ground with a sickening crack. Her last image was of her mother screaming. Then mercifully she lapsed into unconsciousness. What seemed like years later, she swam back to consciousness, only to be greeted by a dull ache of pain in her head and in her arm. She felt tears slide gently down her face. She couldn't see anything. Panic forced it's way up to the surface, and opening her mouth she screamed. Within moments a cool compress was on her head, and a quiet voice was talking to her. "Hush child." Gentle fingers raised the bandage that had slipped causing the illusion of blindness. Her first impression was light. The man in front of her was unlike any she had seen before. Golden hair, similar in colour to her own was held back in a warrior's tail, and humorous grey eyes were looking at her. She stared at him too frightened to speak. He wasn't human. A lump seemed to gather in her throat. What was it? The person seemed to read her thoughts. "I'm an old friend of your fathers. I haven't passed by for a few years. When last I came you were but a babe in arms, and now look at you! Falling out of trees." He smiled gently, inviting her to share in the joke, and nervously she smiled back. "I'm Legolas." "I'm Alysa," she said politely though she knew he knew her name. Then his name sunk in. "You're an elf!" She should have guessed. He was taller than any other man in court- even her father, but at the same time he was of a slender build. Dressed in dark garments, that seemed to accentuate his fairness he looked at her cheerfully. "Right first time. Like I said, I was visiting your mother with some news, when I heard there had been an accident. I attended to your mother first, and then you." Alysa looked frightened. "Is mother well?" Legolas looked grave. "She's fine now. But just be kind to her." Alysa tried to get up, but firm hands restrained her. "You've broken your arm, and you've got a nasty cut on your face. I wouldn't worry about getting up for the time being. Go back to sleep. Your father has returned, I'll go tell him you are awake." Alysa lay back, reassured somehow by the presence of someone else in the room. She heard quiet voices in the next room, then her father came in. She heard his sudden intake of breath, but had no idea what it was about. Next moment he embraced her, rocking back and forwards slightly. Worried now, she asked where her mother was. She didn't see the look father flicked at Legolas, or the slight shake of his head, only heard her father. "Not yet dear. Mother is resting." Satisfied Alysa lay back, drifting up to sleep. It was only when she was almost fully asleep that it occurred to her to wonder why all the mirrors in the room had been removed. Healing came slowly, and it was more than a week before she was well enough to be carried into Eowyn's room. Her mother lay in the bed, and looked at her with empty eyes. "What are you doing here?" There was no inflection in her voice at all. Alyssa replied timidly. "I came to see you." Eowyn's eyes came alight. "How can you face me child? You killed my son. I can see in your eyes that you know you did. Look at yourself in the mirror, at your deformities. Why even the blackest of beings would not do what you did. Look in the mirror and see the evil written on your face. You'll never make a good match now, and that's all you were worth to me and your father." Terribly scared, Alysa picked up the small hand mirror that lay by the side of the bed. She looked at her reflection and screamed. Where before she had, had smooth pale skin, there now rippled a scar- a slightly raised welt of flesh that ran from her hairline to her chin, near to her ear. It was ugly and feverish looking. That was not all. Her beautiful hair had been cut off. It had been waist length and golden as the sun. Now all that remained was the short shock of hair that could have been any colour. She was hideous. Throwing the mirror away, she bent her head down in agony. She was ugly, so ugly. She stumbled to her feet, ignoring the pain in her left arm, and fled the room. She wanted to get away from her mother's bitter accusing smile. She ran, until the pain came back, and she could run no more. Then finally she collapsed, tucking herself into the small room used for storage. There she felt her heart breaking, as she remembered the cruel words flung at her head. She didn't know that Eowyn was delirious, her mind unhinged from the miscarriage of her child, and that she needed someone to accuse. All she knew was that her once-beloved mother, hated her, and wanted her dead. Two hours later she made her way back. Pausing outside her parent's door she heard them arguing. Faramir was placating Eowyn. "Eowyn it wasn't her fault. The doctors say that you would have miscarried anyway, and that it wasn't connected to the shock." Eowyn's voice came, sobbing through the door. "It was a son." Faramir again, even more gentle. "It was another daughter Eowyn. But no less welcome for that. I grieve with you, my queen of hearts, but we shall mend this between us." "And how do we mend her scarred visage, her twisted arm? What if I have no more children?" There was no sound. Then finally. "We will have more children Eowyn dearest. And Alysa may heal with time." There was no more talking, apart from the sound of sobbing. Alysa crept away heavy hearted. She had killed her sister. She was a devil child. All the stories she had ever heard about wicked orcs, and Easterlings came back to her. She bit back her tears. She was evil, she belonged with them. She didn't know that her fever was making her feverish, and incoherent. All she knew was that she must go to the mountains, where she was sure orcs were still. Fleeing down the corridors blind to the picture she made, she crept into the stables, seeing the pony which she could ride side saddle on, when her mother permitted it. It was saddled astride already. She felt light headed and dizzy, as she mounted with the aid of a tall block, and Dapple's willingness. Then kicking her heels in, and clutching the reins with her good arm, as the other flopped useless by her side, she rode from the stables. She could not have chosen a better time. It was noon, and the place was deserted apart from sleeping stable boys. She was three miles away when she fell from the pony. When gentle hands shook her, she flinched away. Her father sat beside her, stroking her head. "Why did you run away dearest?" Slow tears crept down her face. "Mother hates me. She wants me to die. I killed my sister and I'm ugly." Her father's hand paused. "And you're right child. You did kill your sister, and you are ugly. Your mother never wants to see your face again. Wake up and run." Alysa sat bolt upright and screamed. The pony had wandered away, but she wouldn't have been able to mount it anyway, with a bad arm. She stumbled up, and started walking. Legs weakened by her stay in bed, nonethless, she struggled onwards. There was a sound of thundering horses, and grateful for the chance to rest, her legs collapsed beneath her. Gentle hands picked her up, and settled her on the horse. She didn't recognise the man who held her, but to one side she saw the elf and her father. The first thing Alysa learnt when she woke was the art of deception. In a preface to what her life was to become, she didn't open her eyes, so she could listen to them talk. "Shall I take her to Aragorn's court with me? I'm sure Arwen would raise her well, or maybe a noble lady would." Then her father's voice. "No Legolas. Eowyn is determined that the child shall stay here." "If you will forgive me Faramir, I doubt that the Lady Eowyn is in a fit state of mind at the moment to be making that decision." "But what can I do Legolas? Eowyn insists she is perfectly lucid, and that the child must remain here. She claims to feel no enmity towards her." There was a sigh. "As you wish Faramir. It distresses me to see how Eowyn has changed, from the shield maiden I once knew." Faramir's voice was soft and regretful. "Sometimes I wonder if I did the right thing, in taming her, and making her my wife. Would it have been more merciful, if she had died in battle, as even now after all these years her soul still yearns to do. She is not a creature of earth and sand, and yet she works in that garden of hers, as though she is tied to it. She does not remember what she once felt, but do dreams appear to her, in which she is once again young, body unbowed by childbirth, mind filled with dreams of heroes?" "She chose her path, that day Faramir. She renounced the sword and shield, and the dreams that came with