Title: Vagaries of the Wind Rating: PG (at the moment) Pairings: None for now Fandom: Lord of the Rings (book) Chapter : 1? Summary: Estel (Aragorn) grows up in Elrond's house, and yet the intricacies of his human heritage, and elven upbringing are brought to the boil by two unscrupulous elflings, who seek to make him aware of his differences from them- and tear his heart apart as they do so. Author's Notes : Ages. I've worked out that for this story, Estel will age at the normal rate of a human until he hits late teens, and it is slowed and delayed. The elflings bodies mature slightly different- it takes twice the amount of time for example an elf who looked fifteen is actually thirty, but after a certain point, it slows almost to a halt the aging process. It takes longer for them to gain mental maturity as well. The wind was bitterly cold, swirling in gusts and eddies around the carven stone pillars. Elrond did not seem to notice however as he stood, hands resting lightly on the graceful balcony. He was watching a small figure in the garden, drifting aimlessly from one thing to the next. It was a human child, dark haired, perhaps eleven human years in age. His face was childish, with a peculiarly wistful expression that seemed out of place in one so young. Elrond sighed unconsciously, noting how the child looked up eagerly at every sound, and then disappointed looked down, as he discovered it was nothing to do with him. His robes swept the floor, regal purple as he walked with an easy stride to the small flight of steps that led to the garden. Leaves danced in the wind around him, autumn colours- the very earliest stage of autumn had begun. The grass was withered, and here and there, fiery flowers blossomed underfoot. The child did not see him until he was but a few steps away. Then he looked up and the joy on his face, struck Elrond to the heart with a bitter- sweet pain, and the boy came towards him swiftly, then stopped as though remembering some protocol. Elrond opened his arms, and the boy's face brightened again, as he gave his foster father a hug. "I thought you might think me too old, ada." He said quietly. Elrond smiled. "Never Estel." He walked companionably beside the child for a few moments then said softly. "Why were you alone child? It seems to me that I always see you alone either in the garden, or wandering the halls." Estel's head drooped. "I'm sorry ada. But nobody wants to play with me. They say I'm too young, that I wouldn't understand their games at all." A fierce pride entered his eyes. "But I'm not. I understand more than they think." Elrond walked on slowly, revolving the problem in his mind. There were so very, very few young elves now. He knew there were some in Mirkwood, but in Rivendell... He toyed with the idea of sendingEstel there, but dismissed it. Estel was young for his age in some ways, though mature beyond his years in others, and Elrond had never held with deliberate separation of small ones of any race, from their family. Though Estel was surely an exception to all rules. His keen eyes caught movement in front of them. He gave Estel a little push. "Greet your brothers."Estel took off, small legs eating the distance, until he reached the taller of the twins, who picked him up and swung him round. Elessar let out a squeal of excitement. Elrond watched the small group with solemnity. All these years he'd worried about the rightness of raising a human child not his own, in the ways and traditions of the elves. He'd tried to instil a sense of being human intoEstel but that was the one lesson, Estel resisted. He couldn't understand the differences that divided the races, nor the aching that though he did not know it would cause him much pain later, as he attempted to reconcile his human heritage with his elvish upbringing. It had come naturally to him to call Elrond ada, and to address Elladan and Elrohir as his brothers. He had no conception of his father. His mother had been kept alive for him in the words of those who had known her, and in the painting that illustrated her graceful beauty. But his father was only a set of words and stories, and sometimes Elrond thought that maybe Estel believed he did not have a father. If that was true then he had done the boy a grave disservice. And sometimes Elrond had to guard against himself. From thinking of the boy as his own flesh and blood. Sometimes Estel felt like the child of Elrond's old age, and he almost forgot that the child was not his own family. And secretly he wished that it were so, that Estel was truly a part of their family, their petted youngest child, the family's baby son. He shook his head impatiently. The child had a destiny to fulfil, a path to take up, and Elrond must not make it any harder for Estel to do that role. As it happened, the very next week, three young elves arrived from Mirkwood; the very youngest. Elrond knew one of them, a solemn elf, with dark brown hair, interested in books and tales of lore named Yarin. The other two were unknown, and though it was not in Elrond's nature to take an instant dislike against anyone, he came close to it. They were twins, about Estel's height, with the same dark hair, but anomalous deep blue eyes. Though they were male, and female, they resembled each other utterly, and they'd been sent to Rivendell in the hope that Elrond could teach them some of the manners, and sensitivity which they seemed so completely lacking in. One was called Anerion, and the other Reinor. Estelhad shyly greeted them, but what Elrond had hoped had not happened. He'd hoped that Yarin would take Estel under his wing, and be a companion. But Yarin had merely been distantly polite and gone straight to the library to read. The twins had immediately become acquainted with Estel, and he certainly seemed happier. But there was an element of cruel mischief in the twin's laughter, that did not sit well with Elrond for one. But as Estel appeared to enjoy playing with them, Elrond put his misgivings aside. That evening as people huddled in groups at the tables, Elrond looked around for Estel, not seeing him in the room. Curiosity turned to uneasiness.Estel was never late for his meals. Elrond stood, ignoring the untouched food on the table. Elrohir stood as well, sensing his father's growing worry, and knowing instinctively whom it was about. He nudged Elladan who was deep in a book. Unobtrusively the three of them left the hall. "Elrohir, could you please search the cellars?" That was Elrond's first request, Elrohir nodded and loped off swiftly. "Elladan this floor and the gardens. I'll take the upper chambers. The library as well." Elladan also nodded, and started in the opposite direction. Elrond climbed the stairs quickly, calling Estel's name quietly into the rooms. No answer came, and neither did the library yield any result. When Elrond had met the twins again, Elladan had a bright idea. "Those children,Estel plays with. They might know." Reinor and Anerion, were in the hall though, eating with the others. When asked, Anerion giggled. "He's in his secret place." She would say no more however, stuffing a hand over her mouth to contain the laughter. Elrond ignored the rudeness though. It was the malice in the laugh that unnerved him the most. They racked their brains, for secret spots for eleven year olds to hide, and finally gave up. There were so many! There was a soft knock at the door. Yarin, stood there, his normally stoic face a little worried. "Estel usually hides in the observatory when he wants to be alone." Elrond nodded, eyes already filled with worry. There was something wrong in the air,- he could feel it. The steps of the observatory were many and steep, but Elrond dashed up them, outstripping even his athletic sons. He stopped short however at the top. A small figure wrapped in a white sheet, was sobbing- whimpering even in pain, and what sounded like heartbreak. But that was not what had paused Elrond. The sheet had a red patch, that looked much like blood. Released from his temporary paralysis, Elrond ran forward, forsaking his usual staid dignity, tearing the sheet away.Estel was holding a cloth tightly to one forearm, rocking backwards and forwards. Tears were running down his face. Elrond gestured fiercely for his sons to stay back. Heedless of the blood, Elrond knelt at Estel's side, and embraced the small boy. "What is the matter child? Tell ada." Estel's face was stricken. "They lied ada." He wailed. The blood on the arm was not fresh; and though there was quite a lot, he was in no danger. What worried Elrond more was what Estel, was covering. He gently pried the fingers loose, though the shuddered breaths were tearing at his heart strings. An uneven five pointed star had been drawn with a knife blade, and it was clotted with darkened blood. "Why?" asked Elrond. Estelbit his bottom lip in pain. "They told me. They told me that if I drew Varda's star on my arm, that the Lady would take pity on me, and make me like everyone else. Make me into an elf." Elrond felt tears running down his own face, and crushedEstel to him. Elladan and Elrohir, stood near the doorway, compassion and tenderness in their eyes, and Elrond shook his head wordlessly. Of course this would happen. He should have foreseen this. His mind was just pleading over and over again. Not like this, why like this? What did I do wrong? "But why would you want to be an elf? You are so special, just being you." "Of course I want to be an elf. I always have. And they told me that you'd be pleased as well, if I was brave enough to go through the pain for the reward." No need to ask who 'they' were, thought Elrond grimly. "They said it was stupid to be human. They said..." The last bit was soft, and Elrond had to strain to hear it. "They said that if I became an elf, then I could be your son." It was the last straw for Elrond. He'd had no idea, how muchEstel had been hiding about how much he wanted to be an elf. "Listen to me Estel. You had a father who was a brave and noble man, who fought as a warrior, and died as a warrior. Your mother was brave as well, and good. But I am your father too." He felt Estel's small body shake with grief, and he tightened his grasp. "And you are my son, in every way that could ever truly matter. Do not be grieved child, over an accident of birth. You have a destiny beyond your dreams, and though your path may be hidden from you now, rest assured that it is one that only a man could walk, that there is not an elf born who could fulfil it. You are the only person in the world who can do it." He didn't know if the words had sunk in or not, but the tremors quietened, and gradually a small voice said, almost apologetically. "My arm hurts." Elrond pickedEstel up, feeling the fragile, bird like bones in his grasp. "Let's get you fixed up." His eyes met his eldest children's, and they knew what he was thinking. He would deal with Anerion and Reinor later. WhenEstel had been bandaged carefully, and washed, he had been put to bed