Surviving Sectumsempra Author notes: Italicized words are character thoughts Italicized & boldfaced words are dream sequences or memories Boldfaced words are in text reading materials (like books or letters) 000 Represents a shift in character perspective 0~0~0 Represents a shift in scene (often followed by the date the new scene takes place if it is on a different day than the prior scene) Chapter 1: Surviving Sectumsempra Friday, 12/27/1996 When Harry had tried to explain to Ron and Hermione why he was choosing to remain at Hogwarts over the Christmas holidays despite having a standing invitation to go to the Burrow they hadn't understood his need to stay at school. But this, THIS was why. After months of trying unsuccessfully to stalk Malfoy the snake was finally visible on the map and not flanked by his idiot bodyguards, Crabbe and Goyle. From the moment Harry saw Malfoy's name on the list of students who were choosing to remain at Hogwarts over the holidays he had known that he would be declining his invitation to join the Weasleys at the Burrow for Christmas. It was just too suspicious for Harry to ignore. Malfoy ALWAYS went home for the holidays. In fact, Harry remembered bitterly, Malfoy had expressed many times over the years that the only students who remained at school were those whose families didn't love them. Oh how that jibe had stung Harry back in first year. That single careless remark had cut Harry so much deeper than Malfoy could ever have hoped. That was how Harry knew that Malfoy was up to no good. If that pure-blooded prat was eschewing the undoubtedly lavish comforts of home than clearly he was planning something. Something he felt would be easier to accomplish with less students and teachers around to notice him. Well, whatever he was up to Harry intended to be there to stop him. And so, against the vehement protests of his friends, Harry had signed up to stay at Hogwarts for the Christmas break. Due to all of the recent death eater attacks most families felt anxious to reunite over the holidays. The fact that there were so few students who had chosen to remain made locating Draco on the Marauder's Map trivially easy compared to how it usually was during term. Harry had been staring intently at the map ever since Malfoy hadn't turned up at the Great Hall during lunch. Harry's first assumption had been that Malfoy was in the Room of Requirement, but that theory was dashed when he had quickly found Malfoy's dot unmoving in the Slytherin dormitory; the one place in the castle that Harry couldn't follow him. Not one to be easily deterred Harry had decided to wait. After all, Malfoy couldn't hole up in the Slytherin dorms forever and when he finally resurfaced Harry would be waiting and at last Harry would find out where he was going and what he was up to. Three painfully dull hours later Harry was beginning to worry if Malfoy was on to him. Harry had been waiting the time out in the library, as that is considerably closer to the dungeons than the Gryffindor dorm was and he had loads of holiday homework besides, not that he made any progress on that front. But his diligent map watching was at last rewarded when Malfoy finally left the dungeons. Harry bolted out of the library earning himself an indignant glare from Madame Pince as he left the library books he'd been pretending to read scattered across the table. Harry hastened down the corridors that would intersect his path with Malfoy's. Harry watched the Marauder's Map with burgeoning excitement as the two dots came closer and closer. Again, Harry had assumed that Malfoy would be headed to the Room of Requirement. So Harry was surprised when Malfoy's dot came to a sudden halt. Harry stared at the map suspiciously. Even more so when he saw where it was Malfoy had stopped. 'The out of order bathroom? Why on earth would Malfoy want to hang out with moaning Myrtle?' Harry wondered. With his curiosity peaked Harry headed for the loo that he and his friends had once used to brew their illicit polyjuice potion back in second year. He approached the room cautiously and quietly so as not to alert Malfoy or Myrtle to his presence. Years of late night stealth didn't fail him and managed to enter the disused room unnoticed by either of them. The first thing Harry saw when he entered the room was Malfoy's back. He was hunched over and his hands were clenching the lip of the sink so tightly that his knuckles were white. His shoulders were shaking in silent sobs. 'Is Malfoy crying?' Harry thought incredulously. "Don't." Myrtle's voice tried to sooth, "Don't… tell me what's wrong… I can help you…" She reached her ethereal hands out to Malfoy as if she wanted to hold him. "No one can help me," Malfoy's body shuddered with emotion. "I can't do it… I can't… it won't work and unless I do it soon he says he'll kill me." Unfortunately, Malfoy chose that moment to look up into the mirror and their eyes met in the cracked glass fixture. The wasted second Harry spent noting the still glistening tears on Malfoy's cheeks was all the time Malfoy needed to swivel and cast his first curse. The hex missed Harry by mere inches as his body instinctively dove out of the way. In defense Harry shot a Levicorpus in Malfoy's direction, but without time to properly aim Malfoy easily blocked it. Harry was vaguely aware that moaning Myrtle was screaming at them to stop fighting, but the adrenaline and blood pounding in his ears blocked out all other thoughts. Harry had never felt so alive. The room was alight with deflected curses that shattered the wall sconces, exploded the trash bins, and finally smashed the bathroom's water cistern thus flooding the room with water. Before Harry could even register the wetness pooling around his feet he was already slipping, falling, and Malfoy was aiming his wand at his prone body, "Cruci-" "SECTUMSEMPRA!" Harry yelled from the floor, halting Malfoy's unforgivable on his lips. Harry had no time to relish in his victory, however, because the moment the curse struck Malfoy it shredded his shirt open and rent his flesh in a horrific crisscrossed slash. Ungodly amounts of blood spewed onto the flooded bathroom floor. Malfoy grasped desperately at his now mangled flesh and collapsed onto the ground, dizzy from blood loss. Harry hurried to his side, animosity forgotten in his horror and reached out to help Malfoy back to his feet. Malfoy was deathly pale and looked like he was about to pass out. Malfoy cast off Harry's proffered helping hand and tried vainly to rise to his feet on his own. Dazed from blood loss he quickly lost his balance and slipped on the slick tiles, causing his head to crash loudly as it collided hard with the bloodied tiles below. The addition of a head wound only increased the goriness of the scene. Harry stared on sickened into stillness as Malfoy's blood plumed dramatically, rapidly turning the clear water from the cistern a violent shade of red. "No-I didn't mean-" Harry grabbed at Malfoy's unconscious body, shaking his shoulders, trying to get some kind of response. "Wake up, you can't sleep now. I need to get you to Madame Pomfrey!" Harry clutched at Malfoy's ruined shirt helplessly. "MURDER! MURDER IN THE BATHROOM! MURDER IN THE BATHROOM!" Myrtle screamed. The bathroom door slammed open and Snape dashed in. Before Harry had time to register the Professor's appearance he had already kneeled beside Malfoy and begun chanting in some archaic language that Harry couldn't identify. Harry watched entranced as Snape recited the lengthy incantation without even pausing for air. Harry had never seen Snape look at someone this intensely. 'Though,' Harry supposed. 'He probably looked this way back in first year while he was chanting the counter curse that saved me from being cast off my broom by Professor Quirrell.' Harry desperately hoped Snape would succeed again. 'Malfoy can't die like this. This isn't what I wanted at all. I just wanted to know what he was up to.' Harry thought desperately. 'Snape has to save him.' The effect of the chanting was so subtle that at first Harry was worried that Snape's spell wasn't working. Harry was used to seeing wounds disappear instantly with a wave of Madame Pomfrey's wand, but these wounds weren't going away. At best it looked like Snape was slowing the blood loss. Harry knew without needing to be told that his reckless choice of curse was to blame. 'Why did I use that spell? Why did the half-blood prince even have a spell like that in his book?' Harry lamented in vain, silently hating himself for having stupidly cast a curse he didn't know the effect of. The seconds dragged on, Harry could do nothing but watch while Snape's chanting continued to have little to no effect. Harry began to despair that anything would happen when Malfoy's body suddenly jerked rigid and began to levitate off of the ground. For the first time Snape paused in his incantation. His face blanched as the suspended body began to radiate a blinding golden light. Snape grabbed Harry by the arm and dragged him across the room, as far from Malfoy's rapidly rising body as they could get without leaving the room. Snape leant against the cold wall and panted from the exertion of his continued chanting. Harry wasn't comforted by the exhausted defeated look on the teacher's face. "What did you do to him?" Harry watched in morbid fascination as Malfoy's glowing body hovered ominously in the middle of the room. "What's happening to him?" "This is not my doing." Snape fixed Harry with a seething glare as he spoke for the first time since he entered the bathroom. "This is your fault! You nearly killed him. You may still have. Now that he's transforming it is no longer possible for me to help him. My magic could disrupt his and interrupting him mid-transformation could kill him. So now it's all up to him. He either has the necessary strength left to heal himself or he doesn't. By the time we know that he has failed it will already be too late for anyone else to save him and his blood will be on your hands." "Transforming?" Harry watched the floating body in confusion. Snape let out an exasperated sigh not bothering to hide his disgust at Harry. "You really don't know anything do you Potter? I could have excused your ignorance back in first year, after all, you were raised by muggles. But you've been in the wizarding world for nearly six years now. I find it borderline irresponsible that you've taken no pains to learn anything of wizarding culture or traditions. Do you see how the light shimmers around him?" Snape pointed. "That light is his magic. If he is strong enough his magic will heal him." "Wizards can do that?" Harry stared where Snape pointed in awe. "No Potter, normal wizards can't do that!" Snape's voice dripped with derision. "Are you even listening to me? Is there any value at all in my continuing to speak to you? Your actions, your careless, dangerous, stupid actions have driven Draco's Veela heritage from its dormancy. In times of great danger or extreme duress Veela have been known to exhibit healing abilities. Clearly, the imminence of his own death has forced his latent Veela powers to the fore. So now he's transforming. You'd better hope he still has enough energy remaining after the transformation to heal himself." "Malfoy's a Veela?" Harry asked dubiously. "He will be now. Thanks to you!" Snape spat. "That is, if he survives the transformation." He added ominously. Harry watched the metamorphosis in silence for several minutes.