Story: Perfection Storylink: s/9753901/1/ Category: Harry Potter Genre: Harry P. Author: Shadowz101 Authorlink: u/2448552/ Last updated: 01/16/2014 Words: 44867 Rating: M Status: In Progress Content: Chapter 1 to 4 of 4 chapters Source: Summary: When Ron and Hermione were both petrified by the Basilisk, Harry took it upon himself to find out as much about the Chamber Of Secrets as possible. He tracked down and killed the beast, though it left him mortally wounded. The tears of the Phoenix healed him, but not before the venom had almost completely taken ahold of him. 1*: Prologue: The Death of Tom Riddle Hey guys and welcome to my latest work. Before I get messages saying that I have bitten off more than I can chew as my other story gets rather sporadic updates anyway, do not worry. I created this story as a diversion for when I have writer's block and will flip-flop between the two stories depending on what catches my inspiration at the time. I will not abandon either. This story will likely get less updates however so please don't bombard me with messages asking how often I am going to update this story... I'll tell you now it will probably be only once a month at the most, and if I update any more than that it means I am well and truly stuck on my other story. Now the boring shi-ite is out the way, now to an overview of what to expect from this story. This story will feel a lot different from my other HP fanfic. The themes will be darker, though not as dark as the other plot bunny I have going right now but certainly a lot more dark than the other story. There will be deaths and fights will be described in gruesome detail at times. This is a Harry/OC story, for reasons that will become clear in the future lol. This is a Powerful!Harry story though I won't go over the top. This will be explained in the next chapter. There will be no character bashing, just a fair reflection of the characters when they are put in the situations they are put in. Lastly...enjoy and give me feedback. This is my first 1st person perspective HP fanfic. Sorry about the long A/N, it just avoids pointless questions later on. It's probably obvious but I should probably point out this is an AU and anything that I have done different to canon was completely intentional Though if there is something I have not covered up here, feel very free to ask, as I am a socially active member on this site, and will answer your message to the best of my ability. Where do I begin? It is hard to tell when my destiny started floating off the beaten path and turned into its own entity. There were many moments that you could say shaped me into something far different than what I was. It could have been a number of things. It could have been the moment a blonde Slytherin came to me a short while after the Chamber was opened and admitted that it was implausible that I could have opened it and that I should stop moping around like a kicked puppy and take control of myself. If I wasn't so shocked at the fact someone believed me I would have noticed how odd it was that a Slytherin of all people dragged my consciousness out of my own personal hell. That was only the first of many things that would change over the course of that year. When Ron and Hermione were originally petrified I'll be honest, I was shitting bricks. Without them I felt lost and confused and the sunny disposition I had for the few weeks since I met the strange Slytherin girl started to fade dramatically, that was until she came by again when no-one was around and scathingly reminded me that they were not dead and to stop moping. Not very tactful I know but I'll admit it did work to an extent and I found myself getting through each day better and better. I took to learning more magic as a means to keep my mind active and you know what? I found out I wasn't quite the idiot I made myself out to be. It was amazing what I could accomplish when I wasn't using Hermione as a crutch or being dragged down by Ron's constant pleas for chess games. I threw myself into my studies with abandon and was pretty soon damned near the top of my class in almost every subject save History and Potions, though the latter may simply have been because the professor hated me. Merlin only knows what my grade should have been. I wasn't like Hermione in that I could learn spell after spell flawlessly and camp myself at a library for nights on end however, for me this was a real struggle. Some days I literally had a splitting headache with the amount of time I spent on mastering a single spell. It kept my mind off them however and that was enough. It was after a few months of constant studying that I figured out what the school was really up against. The Chamber's monster was a Basilisk, an ancient terror that was nigh unbeatable. It had scales that could block almost any spell fire and teeth that could tear through steel, and even more dangerously, all it took was a gaze into its eyes and you were dead. So what do you think I did? I went after it of course. Now contrary to popular belief I do not hold a death wish. I would rather avoid trouble if possible but for some reason the gods have not been kind to me and trouble seems to gravitate towards me. The truth of the matter was that it was lucky that the Basilisk hadn't killed yet and something needed to be done. There were teachers all over the school that had more magical experience than me, more spells and more knowledge, but I knew I had something that they just didn't have and probably never would. Sheer dumb luck. Never had I taken Professor McGonagall's words to heart so much. That was another major change in events that in hindsight helped shape me as a person; the willingness to go off on my own and simply act, without fear of consequence and just do the right thing. I knew well in advance that I could very well die doing what I was doing but I still carried on regardless and tried to solve the mystery that was the Chamber of Secrets. Looking back on things, the mystery itself was quite easy to solve once I looked in the right places. My foray into the forbidden forest, while dangerous and reckless, did yield substantial results. I found out that Hagrid was innocent (something that in my heart I probably knew anyway) of opening the Chamber, despite Tom Riddle's diary saying otherwise, and that Aragog the acromantula wasn't the monster from the Chamber, though by that point I already knew that. Then all hell broke loose and I was saved by a magically enchanted car… yeah I know it sounds crazy. It was a crazy night. So while I didn't find out anything I didn't already know, I did come to a profound conclusion. That diary was just bad news. I didn't know what reason it had for misleading me but I didn't really care. When I got back I planned to destroy it. It just felt wrong… like something was tainting it. Looking back I realise how close I was to the truth. When I finally got back to my dorm room that night I found that someone else seemed to have a different idea and my dorm was ransacked and in a state of disarray, with books and parchment strewn everywhere. After cleaning up I realised that the diary was gone and I was back to square one. Over the next few days I kept a lookout but I didn't see anyone with it so I just gave up. I knew I was running out of time; someone could be killed any day. I had to act, to do something. The teachers were threatening to close the school and it I don't care what anyone said; the prospect of spending any more time than absolutely necessary at my aunt and uncle's house was enough to strengthen anyone's resolve. It was a month before the end of term when I finally realised where I should be looking. It was so obvious that I literally slapped myself for not thinking of it earlier. It was simple. The last person to be killed by the snake had died in the girl's bathroom on the second floor… and guess who haunted the girl's bathroom on the second floor? Exactly my point. So here I am walking up to the bathroom on the second floor, knowing full well that I was right and this was the point of no return. It was around midday on a Tuesday and I had a few hours before my next class so I thought, why not? If I succeeded I doubt the professors would care that I skipped class and if I didn't I'd be dead so it wouldn't matter anyway. Some twisted logic, but if I were being logical at this point I wouldn't have been doing any of the things I had been doing the last few weeks so it was a rather weak argument. It was with a major sense of trepidation I walked through the entrance to the girl's toilet. It was eerily quiet which didn't help, the sound of my footsteps echoing loudly in the stone room. "Myrtle? You there?" I called, trying to get her attention. "Myrtle I need to talk to you" I call out again, trying to calm down the frantic tone that was creeping into my voice. I didn't know how much time I had but I knew I didn't have a lot. People were getting petrified left right and centre and it was only going to get worse. It felt like a long time before I felt the familiar drop in temperature that indicated the ghost was near. I don't think many people noticed this but to be honest I doubt that many people spend that much time among ghosts. "Me? Why would you want to talk to me? Nobody ever wants to talk to me" she said in her usual sad tone, her translucent form passing through the left wall. I wish she'd just lighten up sometimes. "Oh I'm not sure I believe that" I said with a smile. "I was just coming down here to ask how you died… I'm sure you've answered that question a lot of times." I rushed out though I knew she hadn't. Her ghostly existence was somewhat of a mystery to most students. Most of the school's ghosts were. No-one really questioned how they came to be - they just accepted them. I myself didn't know how half of the school's ghosts died and the only one I knew by name was Sir Nicholas. "Oh!" she said, her face visibly brightening… so to speak. "Oh it was horrible. It happened right here in this very cubicle you know." She said, gesturing to the second toilet cubicle from the left. "I ran in here crying because Olive Hornsby, a girl in my year, was teasing my about my glasses. Even back in those days no-one really came here as there were other bathrooms in the castle. I must have been in here for about 20 minutes. Anyway, I heard this strange hissing noise coming from the sink near the far wall. I thought it was just more classmates coming back to make fun of me so I opened the cubicle door to tell them to go away