Title: I Remember Summary: Legolas, byhelp of a new friend in a new land, remembered the past and the land he had left behind, alongside the people he had been parted with. A little game was what it took to remember them, and to let go of them also. Rating: G Warnings: AU, emotional turmoils (but nothing graphic, as suggested by the rating above) Genres: Hurt/Comfort, Friendship, Drama Pairings: none Place&Time: Aman, Fourth Age Notes: Some aspects of this piece of story are AU, but mostly it sticks to the canon books. The present tense signifies the present time, while the past tense signifies past experiences or events and pieces of memory. There are references to the Silmarillion here, but hopefully said points will explain themselves along the story. I am sorry if there are double (or even triple) letters in some words; it is the fault of the rubber keyboard, and I have no time to run the cursor left and right for the screen reader to read every letter. I apologise also for any other mistakes you might encounter in this piece; I scrapped my first attempt and made this one, but I did not have chance to prove-read it before submitting it to the site. This piece iss for Teitho July 2009, but also in the honour of some previous themes in this contest, namely "Games People Play", "Family", "White Lie", and "As Time Goes By". ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ "Welcome to Tirion, my friend." Legolas jerks from his reverie and reflexively reaches for his twin knives. He remembers where he is only at the last moment. Albeit, his greeter seems to suspect what he has been about to do, judging from the latter's knowing smile. Before him stands a young ellon of perhaps a hundred years old. The ellon's eyes are blue, yet his hair is dark grey, almost black, signifying a mingled lineage. And presently those sky-coloured orbs are twinkling brightly like Elbereth's stars. "Thank you, my friend," Legolas stutters while sketching a belated bow which he hopes is not insulting. After the passing of his beloved friend Gimli, barely fifty years after the two companions' small ship landed on a quiet shore of the Lonely Isle, Legolas was bidden by Olórin, whom people in Middle-Earth called Gandalf or Mithrandir (among the Wizard's collection of names), to spend a time calming himself down in the Gardens of Lórien; or better, in Nienna's dwelling by the Outer Sea. Now he is on his way to Lórien, but Olórin has designed for him to lodge in Tirion awhile before continuing his journey. So here he is, welcomed by a youth on the citi's western gates. What should he do now? The Maia has never left him a specific set of instructions or even directions for this sojourn among the 'true' Ñoldor – who did not set foot in Middle-Earth in the First Age before the War of Wrath. "A good company will be waiting for you on the western gates. You will recognise him as surely as he will you," was all Olórin said. True, people might easily recognise him, given his blue-green eyes uncommon among the Vanyar, Ñoldor and Teleri. But how to recognise his to-be host? Is this cheery young ellon the one Olórin was talking about? There is only one way to find out… "Olórin the Maia said that I would meet someone he had appointed on the western gates of Tirion," he opines hesitantly. "Please forgive my rudeness… But are you the person he mentioned?" The younger ellon laughs gaily. "Probably," he beams. "We can only guess. I was told by the same Maia that I would be interested with what I would find here this morning, so I came." He shrugs then, looking a little rueful. "He is always being mysterious. I guess you perceive him likewise, given your hesitance." The jovial grin becomes a roguish one, although Legolas can see that his companion is hiding a secret from him. All the same, warmth spreads throughout the Silvan's body. He should be offended by the other ellon's familiar manner in interacting with him. However, he instead finds such casual and unrestrained demeanour refreshing, making him feel like home. It banishes some of the cold feeling that has settled in his heart, body and mind since Gimli's death. It reminds him of someone also; someone in a long-gone time, in a place he will never be able to visit again save in reveries or dreams. He does not realise when the younger ellon hooks an arm around his, nor when said ellon gently but persistently drags him away from the gates of the bustling city. He is living in another age, another place… "Ada Elrond told me you are a prince," a Secondborn boy of ten summers proclaimed unabashedly, and without introducing himself first too. The youth's eyes sparkled with open curiosity and awe. "Is that right? How does it feel, being a prince? Do you go to battles, like the stories Master Erestor told?" The unexpected battle under the shadows of the Lonely Mountain, the Battle of Five Armies, had been concluded along with its subsequent problems. Legolas was visiting Rivendell for a relaxation from the horrors of war, a respite before he resumed cleaning up his beloved home forest from what orcs left after the slaughter of their kind in the recent battle, and also the ever-encroaching spawns of Ungoliant. The Silvan Elf, Thranduil's youngest child, had just arrived on the front porch of the Last Homely House, expecting a welcoming party which usually consisted of Elrond, his family, and his board of advisors. Now that he was confronted by a chattering youth belonging to the race of Men, thus, he could only blink. He was given no room to reply or greet the boy properly, anyway. He felt just as helpless when the child dragged him into the house, unceremoniously, after introducing himself as Estel… And there was no one saving him from the sunny youngling. Strangely, all the same, he did not wish for anyone to save him from his current position. He, being a king's son and a captain of one hundred battle-hardened warriors, had never been approached in so familiar a fashion by people other than his family, yet he was not feeling uncomfortable in the least. In fact, his weary fëa found repose in the embracing warmth the little Man exuded. Those bright grey orbs were so captivating; intelligent but endearing at the same time. ` Now I have him .` Legolas blinks rapidly. His blue-green eyes widen when the view before him comes into focus. He has been walking into the city, guided by his welcomer, and now an edifice the fruit of the Ñoldor's finest workmanship is looming before him. He turns his head to his right, noticing that an arm is wound around his. His gaze lands on the ever-bright blue orbs of the younger ellon. He remembers those eyes, but they were not blue. "Estel," he breathes. His guide blinks. Legolas blushes. "Sorry," he mumbles and looks away. "You only reminded me of… my friend." He steals a look at the youth by his side through the corner of his eye. To his surprise, the latter is grinning with unflappable confidence. In fact, if the half-Nando were to venture a bold statement, he would say that those blue eyes are laughing at him. ` Ah… Little impertinent one… You behave so much like my Estel. If only you knew how much pain you are causing me through that unique brand of impishness… ` Warm fingertips alight softly on his right cheek. Legolas starts. The coiling and throbbing pain in his tight chest remains, but his mind is no longer living in the past. When he traces the fingers to their owner with his gaze, his clouded eyes meet those of his guide. Gone now the laughter he has perceived in those cerulian pools, replaced by solemnity and concern; yet, despite all, he can still sense the unwavering confidence in the younger ellon. The unassuming youth is like an anchor to the tempest-trapped ship which is Legolas' mind. "Pardon my presumption, but I think you are not fit enough for surprises. I will introduce you to my family later, then," his guide states, smiling. Legolas nods numbly. The implication of the words only registers in his conscience when they are already ensconced on the edge of a fountain pool. They have not strayed far from the way leading to the palace-like building, but the garden in which the fountain is situated is bordered by trees and hedges; quiet and tranquil. "Surprises? Your family?" he repeats with some bafflement and trepedation. His heart sinks upon the gleeful look springing to bloom in his companion's countenance. Aragorn always sported that look before a mad scheme or a wild prank… which would end up disastrous, usually. "Oh, this and that." A lazy wave of a hand. The loosened tie around Legolas' chest squeezes again. He grimaces. ` Why do you have to imitate my gwador, little squirt ?` he thinks despairingly. Yes, the same, even to the way the blue-eyed Elfling-like tilts his head to the side, signaling a wordless question. So inquisitive, so innocent… "What is your name?" trying to change the direction his thoughts are heading to, Legolas asks. The fair skin on his face colours a soft shade of pink for a moment on the squeaky note in his voice. The lump in his throat is to be blamed for it. Amusement glimmers in his companion's bright eyes. "Erin," the youth says simply. Legolas raises an eyebrow. "Woods?" he confirms, intrigued. He gets neither a yes nor a no for the answer. All that the youth says is: "My mother is a Sinda and my father is a Ñoldo." Legolas is reluctant to press on what he views as a trifial matter, but unfortunately he has no other thing to talk about that will occupy his time and mind. So, when Erin challenges him to make a durable ship from leaves and small twigs, he complies without any qualms. After all, he has been playing that game since he was a very small Elfling. When Erin signals that they may begin to construct their ships, both Ellyn shoot out to different directions, hunting for good leaves and sslender but strong twigs. Then they sit sprawled with their backs to the rocky edge of the fountain pool, and start to construct their vessels. Legolas' hands are light and deft, dancing agilely on the wide green pieces of leaves he has gathered, connecting them with one or two lengths of twigs each time. Albeit, when he chances to look to his side, he finds that Erin is a worthy opponent. The latter's fingers are just as soft and practiced when dealing with the fragile construction. ` Estel was like that. I wonder who taught him. It is a Wood-Elf's game. And who taught this Ñoldo too? ` ` Why am I always thinking about what iss past? ` Legolas stopss working and inhales deeply. Hearing the sharp, long breath, Erin haltes also. "Something the matter?" the youth asks. "Do you not like this game? I thought you would enjoy a light moment, given your troubled mind." Legolas shakes his head. "No, my friend. Please forgive me. I love playing this game. I always played it with my family and friends. I only…" His voice peters out into the cool air. Shaking his head once more, he hurriedly resumes building up his ship. Judging from the rustling sounds beside him, Erin is doing the same. But now, when the gates to his memories are no longer closed, another person comes into Legolas' mind. "Bend the tip of the leaf a bit. Slip it between that arrangement. Yes, that way… Add two more in like manner. Ha… Nnow you have a half circle. Now, to strengthen it, pierce its ends