Title: Ringil: MyWoodland Friends Summary: A peak into Ringil's private life: her resting arrangements, her family, her friends, and a bit of her past. Set in Imladris, featuring the Green Elves living in the valley – as suggested in the Hobbit – and the rest of Elrond's household. Rating: G/K (Perfectly safe!) Warnings: none, except if you would count fluffiness as a warning… Characters: the Green Elves, the peredhil twins, Glorfindel, Ringil, a Dûnedain chieftain's young son Timeline: TA2920 Notes: Thank you for those who have waited! Please forgive me for the lengthy waiting… My defense? Naw; unthinkable. :-[ I had the inspiration for this snippet at 4 AM in the morning, so sorry for the unexpectedly "sleepy" theme towards the end of the story. The inspiration simply hit me and I had to write it down… I remember that I promised someone about another one-shot about Aragorn/Estel. I apologise for the one I intended the promise to… This idea simply could not wait to be worked on. *grimace* I feared it would vanish if I did not quickly put it down to words. I'm sorry… There are some mentions about the Valar and Maiar. It would help if you have read the Silmarillion for this purpose, but if not, just ask me and I shall tell you the beings or stories belonging to the names or events. The language in the dialogues here are Sindarin, the one the Elves in Middle Earth use daily. I make up a name along the tale; please tell me if it is not true since I don't have much knowledge of Sindarin words and wording. :-[ The dialogues are in Elven tongue unless told otherwise. I borrow a song from the Hobbit here, with some tweaking along (Sorry!). The other song is my own; if you wish to borrow it, please tell me and give credit to me in your work. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ I pad on silent feet away from the outmost perimeter of the valley. If my twin sister or brothers had wind of my sojourn in the most vulnerable part of Imladris, they probably would explode with colourful tirades or chide me for being a hypocrite when next they see me. But, thankfully, none of them is here to catch me red-handed. I have long accepted that this is one of the benefits of my curse – my inability to sleep like anyone else from almost every race in this world. The stars are twinkling brightly throughout the velvety sky. The moon is absent tonight. Probably Tilion is once again pursuing his unending love for Arien somewhere in another half of the globe. If only he would accept the fact that she does not love him back… The thought is so funny in my head that I have to suppress a chuckle. It would not do, being caught snickering to oneself in the middle of an empty path. But shaking one's head is permitted, I suppose, and so I do just that. My loose tresses shift pleasantly, lifted and ruffled also by the gentle late-spring's breeze. My warm scalp feels cool and refreshed afterwards, and this time I cannot prevent a grin from slipping across my face. Tonight is one of the peaceful nights in the valley; thankfully so, because I have spent the day chasing around and coaxing Aragast, the five-year-old son of Ithilion – the Dûnedain chieftain – to cooperate. I do not have the heart to blame him. This was his first day from the long years he is going to have to spend in the hidden valley of Rivendell. Worse, his mother could not accompany him as dictated in the tradition, since their settlement has been struggling to recuperate after a particularly nasty warg-and-orc raid. Still, though, despite everything, he had had me tired out almost completely when I at last ssent him to his bed. I sought refuge far from any immediate civilization, armed only with my twin long knives, gifted years ago by Thranduil alongside who knows how many gems and jewels despite my vehement protest, and a canteen of apple-flavoured water. I have chosen a set of plain, homy clothes for this particular occasion: a pair of knee-length dark-green woolen breeches, a short light-grey thick cotton tunic and a pair of light leather shoes. I spent a time by the road branching to the valley, perched alone on the bow of a sturdy but gentle-hearted oak tree. I cuddled within the foliage and listened to the whispers of the leaves and the noises of the night creatures. For a time, I felt happy and peaceful, but not for long. It was weird having a night free of humanoid noises after a day full of them, I just realized then. So here I am, slinking back to Imladris like a thief sneaking into his… or her, in my case… targeted house. This is not what I usually do. I would prefer running to walking, a favour that has earned me the name Runner in many places I have visited in my long journeys across Middle Earth. Yet now running would not buy me time to absorb what nature offers me this quiet night. That is why I am also going to be in search of some Green Elves to simply sit with as soon as I arrive at the Last Homely House. But it is if they permit me to do so in the first place, of course. I have nevvver mingled deep with them before this, and so I do not know what their reaction will be upon my request. The white stones which mark the path to the valley – one of which that I have chosen to follow – gleam dimly under the soft silvery light of the stars. It is a game for me to locate every stone and step on it instead of the grassy dirt in between. It is not easy, since the stones are sometimes half-buried under the soil, or covered by moss or mold, but so far I manage it with moderate success. I feel like turning into a young girl again… I do not often feel like this, especially because my life has always been hard since the beginning. Thus I relish this experience, not caring that a foolish look must be displayed on my face at the moment. Yes, my life has never been always easy. I ended up in an orphanage in my own world just after I was born, tucked in a shawl in a wicker basket. A letter was tucked also inside the basket, stating that I was born on Thursday, October 15th, 1987 at 3:25 PM, and that my name was Ardila… nothing else. For eight years, I grew up in the orphanage. I was labelled as a weirdow by my fellow orphans because of my silence, my thirst of knowledge, and my serene expression after attending a mass in the church beside the orphanage's complex. It was hard, especially since I was just a young child wanting only to play with my peers and to learn new things. Then one day in my eighth year of moderately-miserable existence, another girl who was as old – or young – as me was suddenly dropped in the orphanage's common hall. She was newly-blind and unwanted, and I got the task of befriending and living with her… As might be imagined, it was not easy at all at first. We grew into a pair of informal twins, though, and the fact was only strengthened by her having the same birthday as I. Her name was Ariana, close enough to my own too. Three years we spent in the orphanage together, until a pair of foreigner couple adopted us and brought us to their home in England. To common eyes, they were well-known and well-to-do aristocrats; but to a few people from a select community of wizards and witches, they were famous… or notorious, perhaps. Yes, magic flowed in their veins. And it flowed in ours as well, it turned out, after we were swarmed by a pile of invitation letters to attend various magical schools around the world. Our quiet, carefree span of time with our adoptive parents stopped there; it was brief. The only good in the revelation was that we were blood-adopted by the couple a few days llater, making them our parents in blood and us a pair of blood twins. Well, we had a chance to explore a new world: a magical world – but it was also dangerous, not wholely enjoyable. We were initially enthralled by our lessons in magic, both with wands and without, yet the happy times were tainted. We gathered and lost friends nearly at the same time during the course of eight years. We attended Hogwards, a school for witchcraft and wizzardry in Scotland during those years, and befriended many people, including a pair of elven twin children who had been accidentally wisked away from Alagaësia to our world by means of an unknown spell gone awry. But, given the war tearing the Wizzarding World apart starting from our second year in Hogwards, just when Harry – our adoptive brother – was enrolled in, loss of family and friends could not be avoided. Even in the relatively-peaceful Muggle World, we also suffered from losses. Well, I suppose this time it was our fault; perhaps we should befriend people other than soldiers who almost actively went into harm's way… I shake my head. How can these gloomy thoughts enter my mind? Are my defenses that low? I have barricaded these pieces of memory in the deepest part for so long… "Nethold?" I freeze midstep. Young Stream. There is only one folk calling me by that name: some Elves who reside in Imladris with Nandarin blood in their veins. Of course, they should be up and about now, under the stars, amongst their beloved trees… But why do one of them venture this far from the Last Homely House? I gaze about, trying to catch a glimpse of the caller. But I have known that it will be in vain eventually; I am doing it more as a reflex. Most likely, the Elf responsible for waking me up from my reverie has fled far – enough far so that my irritated shout would not prick his or her sensitive ears. They can be like children sometimes, those tree huggers. Snorting in mild exasperation, I skip down the barely-discernable path, continuing my game half-heartedly, my mind half-way made up about revenge to the intruder. The thoughts flee my mind, however, when I hear the rushing sound of the Bruinen from afar. More than anything, the sound is what makes up home for me. Forsaking my game, I dash along the path, only paying attention to the beckoning rumbles… I nearly topple down the steep face of the cupping valley rolling like a barrel. I catch myself only in the last moment, and even then I end up landing on my bum, sliding down on loose soil half-a-meter down the shere slope! I growl under my breath, cursing the Elf for making me hurry; unjust, I know, but thoughts of a good tree nearby the river to nest pop up in my mind all of a sudden. The presence of the Green Elf has kindled the thought, and poke at my desire to burn brighter. I rise gingerly onto my feet then dust myself as well as I can, squinting to see the right path meanwhile. It would not do to lose footing on this precarious ground, after all. When I find it, the matter is easier to solve. Soon I find myself half-skipping down the slope like a deer – except that a deer cannot dance or whistle softly like what I am doing. I linger long on the mouth of the narrow bridge which arches above the rushing Bruinen. With a contented sigh, I drop to a