AN: at the end of the chapter Olympus Falls Annabeth was so familiar with the pair of arms that wrapped around her, that she couldn't help but smile. They were strong and made her feel safe, despite knowing that she could protect herself. Sunlight was falling onto her face through the window next to her bed. Their bed. It was already late and she knew that the additions to Olympus was her job to oversee, along with the expansion of Camp Half-Blood, but she couldn't bring herself to muster enough energy to get out of bed. After blinking multiple times to get adjusted to the sunlight, Annabeth couldn't help but smile at see a portion of mountain of the gods span before her. She could see buildings and parks and bustling streets; her eyes lingered on the buildings to admire the architecture. Despite being the one to design most of Olympus, Annabeth couldn't help her inner-self from frothing at the mouth. 'God's, architecture is awesome,' She though, with a smile. From her position on her side she could see her bedside table, covered in books and diagrams. On the only spare corner there was a thin, round piece of metal, no longer, or thicker than a pencil. It was steel grey, and looked to be pretty solid, but, at the sight of a single end of the metal glowing red, Annabeth filled with dread. Before she could move to slap the thing, a loud alarm filled the room, and red, flashing numbers appeared above the device. 'Great,' she though slapping the device to stop the alarm, 'there goes any chance of more sleep.' The filching red numbers stopped flashing to remain a stark white 10:00 floating unassisted in the air. 'Oh Hades, mom's gonna kill me.' As she moved to get up, the arms around her tightened, and she let out a squeal of surprise as she was pulled back onto the bead. She shouldn't have been surprised, that alarm could wake up Hypnos. Annabeth was pulled closer to a warm body, and she didn't fight his hold instead conforming to let her body mold against his. She felt warm breath on her neck, before a pair of lips latched onto her earlobe electing a gasp from her. "Gods I hate that alarm," a throaty voice said in her ear. A shiver ran through her body, and Annabeth pressed herself closer to him, felling his arousal. "Sorry," she said breathlessly as he went back to her neck, "but I have to get to work." She didn't move away or try to stop his roaming hands that left trails of fire in their wake under her shirt. She couldn't move even if she wanted to, and she found her panty's feeling like a nuisance. A wave of pleasure shot through her as he grabbed a particular part of her chest. Gods Aphrodite had blessed her. Just as she was going to let herself loose, she managed to see the alarm flicker as the time changed. Realizing that she didn't have the time to frolic, Annabeth heaved a great sigh before wiggling out of his grasp. He sighed as she got up, but she didn't give him any indication that she felt the same… although she did. She swung her legs over the side of her bed, and stretched when she stood up. "I don't have to get up, do I?" she heard. "No," she replied, her voice slightly distorted from a yawn. Her back gave a small pop, and sighed in pleasure. She turned around and gave a saucy smile. "But I would like some lunch, George." Lying in bed was a brown haired man, with deep brown eyes. His skin was dusky, and he was shirtless raising his torso and resting on his forearms. The man, George, groaned and flopped back onto his back making Annabeth smile. She knew that he was putting on an act, and knew that he was going to bring her lunch like always, even if she didn't ask. But still reminding him didn't hurt. "Fine," he growled out, "But I want Tai for dinner." Annabeth just shook her head, and moved to the dresser to get some clothes. "Whatever." "You do realize that we will have to go out of Olympus for that, right?" Annabeth just nodded absentmindedly. "Yeah," she said. After a little deliberation picked out a faded yellow shirt and worn grey jeans. "I know, but its Friday so it's fine." She grabbed a new pair of under where, a bra, and a brown belt. Without another word, Annabeth left to go to the bathroom for a shower. Thirty minutes later, Annabeth appeared in the kitchen, and fished through the white cabinets for a particular pastry. The counters were black marble, flecked and veined with white, while the floors, like the cabinets, were white. There were two grey ovens stacked on top of each other; while over the Center Island, which held the sink and cutting board, was a rack holding several wine glasses. Annabeth gave herself a mental pat on her back, when she found what she was looking for. Pulling out two packs of Pop-Tarts, Annabeth pushed the box back behind the spices, before shutting the cabinet door. She put on into her bag, which was resting on a black backless stool were she left it last night, and opened the other silvery package to nibble around the edge of one. She had always done that, even when she was young; she would eat the bland tasteless crust before promptly devouring the inside. A huff from behind her caught her attention, and Annabeth stiffened before turning to face George. "Looks like I have to find a new spot," he said rubbing sleep out of his eyes. Try as he might, you can't hide something from a daughter of Athena for long, if ever, especially one as smart as Annabeth. He was still shirtless, but had put on a white pair of sleeping pan"Well where do you want to meet? For dinner." Annabeth nibbled a little more, before holing the tasty pastry in between her lips, and pulling her still damp blond hair into a ponytail. "How about in front to the Temple?" George just nodded. Picking up her other Pop-Tart, Annabeth left, giving George a kiss on her way out. Percy smirked as his hand slapped over the edge and felt smooth cold floor and not wet, slimy rock. He didn't know how long he had been climbing, but the aching in his arms hand long ago become accustom to him. When he first started he could find wide enough ledges where he could sleep. When he couldn't anymore, he had made a makeshift bed by using rope and the five metal hooks he had. When they had broken, he had no choice but to continue without sleep. Just when he was about to give out, he had seen a light, and energy surged into him and he had made the last stretch to get out of the hell hole that he had been in. With a giant heave, Percy pulled himself out to of Tartarus and into the Underworld. He collapsed into a heap breathing heavily. His arms felt like lead, and his legs burned as if someone had light them on fire with greek fire. He lay still, until his breath had come back to him, and he let out a great laugh. He remembered when he first came down to the Underworld. He had been scared witless, thinking that it was dark and scary. Now here he was coming out of Tartarus, relieved that he was in the Underworld. He had conned his way down here at the age of eleven, and had had to use hand to make sure that he was still alive. At the thought of his girlfriend, Percy gained enough strength to get to his feet and start walking away from the giant hole in the ground. It was more of a slimy, enlarged pore to an incredibly large slimy beast. But he was getting off track… While in Tartarus, Percy had only been able to survive by his will to see her again. The horrors that he had seen was enough to make him shiver, but that was all behind him, literally. He was back in the world, though he didn't know how long he had been down there, he suspected months, but while in any magically-infested place, it could have been just a day. When he thought about how Tartarus had been without Annabeth, he frowned. It had been totally different then when they were together. Much scarier and more dangerous. Percy shook his head to clear the thoughts away. He was out, and that was all that mattered. As he left the tunnel to Tartarus, Percy froze and took in his surroundings again. After his double check, Percy knew that where he was, was not he had left the last time he had been close to the pit. The first time he, Annabeth, and Grover had been closer to the Palace of Hades, now he was near the place where he had gotten the curse of Achilles. He thought that he was going to have to trek the whole Underworld, and wait until Charon was feeling merciful to come down with a new batch of souls and take him up. But now that he didn't have to go that way, he could just take the secret passage, Orpheus', and go straight to New York. Maybe he could see his mom before he went to Camp. That was after he saw the gods of course. He had just come out of Tartarus, and hades help him if he go to them as soon as possible. With that thought, Percy struck out, his boots crushing a skull and his cloak billowing after him. Before long he found the jagged hole in the endless expanse of rocks and sand. He squeezed through, and remembered how he, Nico, and Mrs. O'Leary had come down the steps before him. That was before he had been betrayed by Nico, and left for dead by the god of the dead, but, hey, that's all water under the bridge. 'Ah, Zues' balls,' Percy though angrily, 'More climbing.' Even though it wasn't going to be as long as his most recent one (hopefully), and that it had stairs, climbing was still climbing. Grumbling darkly, Percy started up in spite of his legs protests. The stairs were uneven, and bumpy, and Percy fell and skinned his hands many times. The trek took only a couple of hours, but when the end came Percy didn't see it because of the lack of light. He effectively walked face first into the exit. Letting a steam of swear words leave his mouth, Percy stepped down a stair, holding his nose gently. He put his hands forward until he met the cold stone. He pushed as hard as he could, but Percy didn't feel any give. 'Fucking Aphrodite and Ares! Why the hell won't it move?' He rammed his shoulder into the stone, but only made his shoulder hurt. He frowned, as he glared at the piece of rock in front of him. He was so close to leavening, and now he came across the last obstacle, ad didn't know how to pass it. 'Think, ' he commanded himself. 'When I was with Nico, we found the door, but had to find Grover to get the door open.' A light went off in his head. Did he have to sing? Grover had to, to open the door on the other side, so it was probably the same for this side. He wanted to slap himself for not seeing it sooner, and giving himself a sore shoulder. But there was one problem He couldn't sing. At least not in his opinion. He could sing a song, but not very well. He didn't know if he had