Disclaimer. All publicly recognizable characters, settings etc., are the property of their respective owners. The original characters, ideas and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. I only do this for fun. Halcyon A/N: This story was originally written by Jalen Writes it All but has been adopted and revised by me, Xo BellaItaliana oX . I will be making some changes and adding some touches to make it my own, while keeping true to the plot that Jalen has already written. I hope you guys like it and that I do it justice. Review and let me know what you think of my version of her awesome story! If you have any questions or comments, post them in my reviews and I will answer them in my next Author's Note at the bottom of the chapter! We hope that you enjoy the story and look forward to reading your reviews. - Bella'Xo PART I Chapter 1 (Lilliana's POV) Those who were born deaf account for only 10% of all cases of deafness. The other 90% were born with their hearing abilities intact, but had something happen to them along the way that caused them to lose that capability, hurling them into a world of silence. As for me, I was born deaf. I've come to envy my sister sometimes for her hearing capability. Like when she has her iPod in her ears and is listening to one of the songs that she likes. But I can't hear it. When I see the headphones in her ears, I feel a weird twist in my gut, because I would give anything to be able to hear. To be able to listen to the music coming through the tiny speakers, or close my eyes on a sunny day while taking in the sound of the waves crashing on the shore with the birds chirping. Now, don't get me wrong, I'm not mad at her, I can't ever get mad at her. I know it sounds stupid, but I'm jealous of her. Of any normal person and how they take being able to hear for granted. I can see the kids in my school talking with each other and I just get a little frustrated, because I want to know what it's like not to have to try so hard every day. It's something that I have to live with, but I can't let it get me down. They found out that I was deaf pretty early on when I was about three months old. I wouldn't react to any loud noises that would normally send a baby into a crying fit. So, Mom took me to the doctor to get tested and it was then that they determined I was deaf. The doctors could never figure out the cause, though. They considered that it could be genetic, but my mom and grandma couldn't recall anybody on their side of the family who was deaf, nor could my dad. I had a cochlear implant operation when I was 11, but unfortunately, it was unsuccessful. The doctors couldn't find anything wrong with the implant itself and said that it should have worked. So, I should have been able to hear after that, but I still can't. I guess what they say about not having one of our senses will heighten your other ones is true, or it is in my case. I seem to have this strong sense of knowing when something is going to happen. Sometimes, I'll even get these flashes of an image or a word, but it's so frustrating, because it's never completely clear. It started happening when I was about 12 and has gotten stronger every year since... Hold on a second. Before I go into the weird, maybe I should tell you a little bit about myself since you've already gotten some of my medical history… My name is Liliana Jordyn Swan, but everyone calls me Lily. I was born on September 15, 1988 to Charles Joseph Swan and Renée Francis Higginbotham. I have an older sister, Isabella, or Bella, who is exactly one year and two days older than me. She was born in the small town of Forks, Washington where our father currently resides and is working as the Chief of Police. When Bella was 3 months old, our parents had divorced and one month later, mom had found out that she was once again pregnant with me. At the time, we were living with our grandma in California, where 9 months later, I was born. When I was 4, we picked up and moved to the dry, sunny city of Phoenix, Arizona. It was around then that Bella and I started our yearly tradition and would go up to visit our dad in Forks for one month out of the summer. This lasted up until I was 14 when we would instead take a vacation in California for two weeks. Bella and I look almost exactly alike except for a few differences. She has our dad's chocolate-brown eyes, while instead, I have our mother's blue-green eyes. Her dark brown hair is long and straight while mine is an inch or two shorter with loose wavy curls, as well as couple of shades lighter. I also have scars behind my ears from my cochlear implant surgery. Our faces are very similar in structure with the same heart-shaped faces with high cheekbones and a thin nose. We both also have a pale complexion, I being just a little bit more on the tanner side than her (like that's really saying anything). My sister and I stand about the same height of 5'4 and have the same, thin body type. Bella is also pretty clumsy and uncoordinated, a trait in which I thankfully don't share with her. I mean, I'm not the most graceful person in the world. I can't dance Swan Lake, but I am a prima ballerina compared to my sister. Bella and I have always been close. Ever since we were babies, we've always felt like we've had to stick together. I've always relied on my older sister, who in turn had come to rely on me, as well. She's the only person that I ever actually talk to. My speech; that's one of the main things that I'm completely self-conscious about. I know that it sounds different compared to everyone else's, and yes, that's pretty vain of me, but I don't want people to make fun of me because my voice sounds weird. Bella tells me that when I speak, I sometimes stutter and mess up my words. Because of this, I won't speak to anyone else, except for her, because I knew that without a doubt she would never make fun of me. I'm so uncomfortable with speaking out loud that I won't even let my mom or dad hear my voice. Our mom, Renée, has recently remarried a minor league baseball player named Phillip, or Phil, Johnathon Dwyer. He's a really nice guy; a little young maybe, but nice, all the same. However, Bella and I had never really seemed to connect with him. Since the wedding, we've all lived together now for a couple of months, but with him traveling around, our mother has remained unhappy at home when, being the free spirit that she is, she obviously really wanted to travel the country with him. Bella and I had taken notice to this and talked about it until we came to the conclusion that it wasn't fair to the newlyweds, suggesting that she send us to live with our dad, so that she could go on the road with Phil and have the adventures that she was yearning for. She eventually agreed, after some gentle encouraging, and started making the arrangements for us to move across the country. That brings us up to now as Bella and I continue packing up all of our belongings to bring with us to Forks. I don't remember much about the small town, except for the fact that it's almost always cloudy; a complete opposite from Phoenix. But still, I'm okay with this move. I knew that even through all her crying, it's eventually going to make my mom much happier, which was the biggest factor regarding my decision. Bella seems okay with it, too. The main thing that we're worried about is our dad, Charlie. We haven't ever really lived with him, for more than a few weeks, at least, so we both expect it to be a little uncomfortable and awkward. Hopefully we will all adjust sooner or later, for all of our sakes. Sighing, I zip up my suitcase after packing the last of my clothing and slung it off of the bed. Apparently, I didn't think before acting, forgetting amidst my day dreaming that the wide suitcase would be on the heavier side, causing it to drop heavily to the floor, narrowly missing my foot. Narrowing my eyes at the offending object, I reached down with two hands and hoisted it up, slinging it over my shoulder, momentarily knocking me off balance. It took me a moment to steady myself before I managed to remain still without tilting sideways, but once I did, I succeeded in unevenly wobbling over and out of my bedroom door. As I finally exit my bedroom, I came to a stop, sparing the coral colored walls a final look before adjusting the weight, briefly thanking my lucky stars that we lived in a one story house. I made my way outside taking note of Bella talking to mom, who was blubbering sadly before pulling her into her arms as the said their goodbyes. Deciding to let them have a minute, I trudged over to Phil, who was loading our luggage in the trunk of his car in preparation to take us to the airport. "Got everything, kid?" I read from his lips as he grins in amusement at my overly large suitcase. I nodded, keeping a hold of the handle as I let the weight rest on the driveway. Since I've been deaf all my life, I've had a lot of practice at reading lips. Phil reached over and took the suitcase from me. I smiled my thanks and walked over to Bella and my mom, who immediately crushed me in a hug before pulling back to look at the two of us. "Now, you know that if you girls change your mind, I'll race back here from wherever we are." she says as she reaches up to wipe a stray tear from under her eye, while I smiled and glanced at Bella, who does the same. "We won't change our minds, mom." Bella says insistently, as though she has been repeating this many times over. Mom gave her a dubious look, tilting her head slightly to the side. "You might. You know that you both have always hated that tiny town." I sighed deeply, raising my hands as I began to sign, 'Mom, we'll be fine. Please stop worrying' . Mom forced a smile as she pulled us both into a bone crushing hug again and I couldn't help but to smile, knowing that I'm definitely going to miss our erratic, harebrained mother. But Bella and I know that it would be a big sacrifice for her to give up her adventure and come home if we ended up changing our minds. She deserves the happiness she's found and we know that she is at her peak with Phil. We could both suck it up for her, as she would do for us. I looked over to my sister as our mother began to walk us to the car with her arms around our shoulders. I frowned when I saw that her face was full of regret and doubt, which made me start