Disclaimer. All publicly recognizable characters, settings etc., are the property of their respective owners. The original characters, ideas and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. I only do this for fun. –B Author's Note: This story is the sequel to my previous story, 'Dhampir'. If you have not read that story, I suggest that you read it in order to understand this story, though it is your choice! I hope you enjoy! Prologue (Jasper's POV) I continued to pace back and forth in my study, wringing my fingers and running my hands through my hair. I was so nervous about today, so afraid that she was going to decide that she didn't want to marry me after all. Today was our wedding day. It's been four months since I proposed and Lilly accepted. The rest of the groomsmen were in my study with me, watching me in amusement as I continued to be a nervous wreck. What if she leaves me waiting at the alter? No, Lilly would never do that to me. Even if she decided that she didn't want to marry me after all, she would have the decency to speak with me about it. "Dude, you're making me dizzy! Please, calm down, take a seat." Emmett moaned. "I can't," I shook my head, "what if she decides that she doesn't love me enough to marry me?" "Now, you're just being silly." Peter snorted. "That girl loves you with everything she has." He stood up and stopped my pacing by putting a hand on both of my shoulders and looked at me as he spoke. "Lilly looks at you like you're the only man in the world. She wouldn't give you up for anything." "I agree," Garrett nodded, "I know I only met her last week, but the second you introduced me to her, it was plain as day that she was head over heels for you." "They're right," Edward added. "I can hear her thoughts right now and I can promise you that she is just as nervous as you are and having the same fears. You have nothing to worry about. She loves you and can't wait to marry you." I took in a deep unneeded breath and nodded, admittingly feeling better after hearing that from them. I don't know what I would without them. Peter and Charlotte came up to stay with us about three and a half weeks ago, and then Garrett followed about two weeks later. My groomsmen consisted of Edward, Emmett, Peter and Garrett who I had met while I was staying with Peter and Charlotte after they helped me escape from Maria. We kept in touch after that and would visit on occasion. He was a soldier, like us, but from the Revolutionary War; a patriot. We considered each other kindred spirits. I was broken out of my thoughts by Carlisle as he knocked on the door to my study before poking his head in. "Hey guys, we're ready to start." I felt a smile light up my face as my nerves turned in to excitement. Garrett, Emmett and Edward stood up and followed Peter and I out the door. We walked out the back door in to the backyard and once again admired the work that the girls had done for the wedding. There were white and powder blue flowers with white baby's breath decorated the bleachers that were hand made of wood and painted white. A white arch with green vines and white roses weaved in and out of the patterns in the arch. All the base colors that were used matched our tuxedo's; me wearing a classic black tux with a powder blue tie and vest with a white shirt and a white rose with powder blue baby's breath pinned on my jacket, the groomsmen wearing the same, except with white ties and vest's. We made our way down the aisle to the arch where the priest was waiting. We got Angela's Webber's father, who is a priest, to officiate. He smiled warmly at me and gave me a small nod as we arranged ourselves in a line just as we rehearsed at the wedding rehearsal a few days prior. The line went Peter, as my best man, and then Emmett, and Edward, and Garrett. Moments later, the music began, played by a friend of Lilly's from Vancouver. I watched as Alice walked down the aisle first, wearing a strapless powder blue dress that came down to just above her knees. It had a white ribbon just under the breast line and her shoes were heals that were decorated with rhinestones. Her hair was parted on the side with rhinestone clips on both sides, pulling her hair back away from her face. She carried a long stemmed white rose that had two small bunches of baby's breath on each side. Next was Charlotte, who wore the same dress as the rest of the bridesmaids along with the shoes, but her light blond hair was pulled up in to a ponytail that fell below her shoulders and curled. She also wore contacts to cover up her red eyes and made them look almost a violet color. Following Charlotte was Rose who had her hair down and straightened with the front pieces pulled straight back and pushed forward, making it look like a tall bump over the top of her head. The clip holding it together was made of rhinestones as well and she threw a wink at her mate as she crossed over to the bride's side. Bella followed as the maid of honor once Rose was half way down. She wore the same powder blue strapless dress, but with a black ribbon below her breasts instead and she wore flat rhinestone sandals instead of heals. Lilly most likely allowed her to wear flats, because of her clumsy nature and being the maid of honor, she was going to have slight differences to her ensemble. The next of the bridal party that came out was the flower girl and ring bearer. The flower girl was Lilly's cousin Elise's daughter, Ava, who is four, and the ring bearer was her best friend from Vancouver, Trent's little brother, Ryan, who is six. I admit, it was difficult to see Trent and Lilly interact, especially since the first time I hear of him when he called her a few months back. It was the first time that I had met her alter, Lilith. He came with the rest of her friends that she invited from Vancouver two weeks ago. They have been staying at a hotel in Port Angeles where the rest of Lilly's family was staying, aside from her grandparents, who have been staying at Lilly's house with her parents. The flower girl was wearing a beautiful white dress that looked like a miniature wedding dress. It had lots of rhinestones and a powder blue ribbon that tied around her bust and made a big bow in the back. She had her brown curls pulled up with a rhinestone tiara sitting atop her small head and she carried a powder blue basket filled with white rose petals that she dropped on the powder blue fabric of the aisle as she walked. The ring bearer wore a similar tux to mine with a powder blue tie and vest. He carried our rings on a beautiful white cashmere pillow with powder blue lace and ribbon that tied to the rings. And then finally, the music picked up and the bridal march began to sound throughout the backyard and bounce off of the trees. All of our friends and family in attendance stood from their seats and looked to the house. The double doors were opened and out stepped my beautiful soon-to-be-wife on the arm of her adoptive father, John. I felt myself gasp as the smile I was wearing grew. She was so beautiful that it hurt. The dress that she was wearing was gorgeous. Her sleeves were a very light powder blue that hung off her shoulders and slightly dipped down her arms. The bust was white and heart shaped with a beautiful design that was filled with diamond-like gems and white and silver beading while some of the gems and beading were powder blue. Her waist was decorated with the same beadings in an inch and a half this line around her. The gown flowed down to her feet while the long train was filled with designs of powder blue, white, silver and diamond like gems and beading. Her hair was pulled back out of her face – aside from a few curly strands – and pulled half up into a loose bun with a few curls pulled out that fell down to her lower back with the half that remained down. It appeared that they added honey, auburn and light blonde highlights and streaks to her dark brown hair and it looked amazing on her. Due to my extra strong sight, I could see that the make-up that they put on her through the veil and was very natural looking and made her blue-green eyes pop. The veil that was intermingled into her hair had powder blue, silver, and white diamonds and beading that matched her dress. Once our eyes connected, our smiles grew and I couldn't take my eyes off of her for the world. A bomb could go off ten feet from me and I wouldn't have even noticed. I was so struck by her and her beauty and our love for each other was radiating from our bodies. I had no doubt that the audience and the bridal party could feel it as well. Her emotions were showing love, adoration, excitement, and impatience. I knew that if she had the chance and her father wasn't holding on to her arm right then that she would fly down the aisle and in to my arms. I knew without a doubt that this was the happiest moment of my existence. They finally made it to the steps where I was standing, waiting for her and John turned to Lilly and kissed her cheek. I could hear him whisper to her that he loved her and that he was so proud of her. She gave him a watery smile in return and told him that she loved him as well before they turned towards me and he placed her hand in mine and took his seat next to Anna. She grinned at me and mouthed the words 'I love you' which I returned before we turned and climbed the three steps to the arch where Mr. Webber was waiting for us. The audience took their seats and we began the ceremony. "Dearly beloved: We have come together in the presence of God to witness and bless the joining together of this man and this woman in Holy Matrimony. The bond and covenant of marriage was established by God in creation, and our Lord Jesus Christ adorned this manner of life by his presence and first miracle at a wedding in Cana of Galilee. It signifies to us the mystery of the union between Christ and his Church, and Holy Scripture commends it to be honored among all people. "The union of husband and wife in heart, body, and mind is intended by God for their mutual joy; for the help and comfort given one another in prosperity and adversity; and, when it is God's will, for the procreation of children and their nurture in the knowledge and love of the Lord. Therefore marriage is not to be entered into unadvisedly or lightly, but reverently, deliberately, and in accordance with the purposes for which it was instituted by God. "Into this holy union Jasper Whitlock and Lillian McLean now come to be joined. If any of you can