Disclaimer. All publicly recognizable characters, settings etc., are the property of their respective owners. The original characters, ideas and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. I only do this for fun. – B Attempting to Covet A/N: Since this was the first story I ever wrote on FF and has a lot to be fixed, I am revising and reposting this story. I hope you like it and enjoy the changes that are made! If you have any questions or comments about the story, post them in my reviews and I will answer them in my next Author's Note at the bottom of the next chapter! I hope you enjoy the story! Chapter 1 (Jasper's POV) "Jazz Honey, can you go and dim the lights just a bit please?" Esme asked me while she was lighting the last of the candles in the room. "Sure, no problem," I said to her just before looking at the clock for about the twenty some time in the last half hour. Today was Bella's birthday and Alice had us all running around like crazy all week preparing for this party. Though everyone else seemed excited about the prospect of celebrating Bella's birthday, I, personally, was indifferent about this whole extravagant party idea. Much like Bella, I am not into having a big celebration for these sorts of events. I don't understand how she is so selfless, but that is just one of the many qualities that I love about human girl who seemed to capture our family's hearts. Although Alice is my wife, I am just not happy with her anymore. As Alice is completely oblivious to the fact that little by little over the past few years, I have found myself falling further and further out of love with her. I have always felt as though something has been missing with Alice, but it seems that for the past few months, especially, it is becoming more blatantly obvious. Alice claims that we are mates, but according to my brother, Peter, and his wife, Charlotte, she is indeed not my other half. At the beginning, I wouldn't hear of that prospect. It just seemed so obscured to me, but now looking back, I now have no problem believing in that notion. My theory on that tidbit is that I was so far down my road of depression, that when the light came to me at the end of the tunnel I wouldn't allow myself to believe otherwise. Alice did indeed bring me many years of happiness, but when it's not meant to be, you just feel it in your heart. There is a hole there in a shape that only a true mate can fill and since it's remained open, there is no possible way that she can be her . I haven't yet spoken to Alice about this. I have tried maybe once or twice, but lately she has been so wrapped up in either herself, or Edward and Bella's relationship that she completely blows me off. I can't help but to sometimes feel that she is purposely avoiding the topic and with the assistance of her gift, she always knows when I decide to broach the topic. Looking at the clock again, I see that there is only ten more minutes until Bella and Edward arrive. Since the first time I saw Bella Swan in the cafeteria at Fork's High School, I have felt such a strong pull to her. I can't explain it, though. I can't even take the time to figure it out with Alice and Edward constantly keeping us apart. They are afraid I will slip up again and attack Bella, making her my next meal. Though, I have to admit that she has the most delicious scent I have ever smelled, however, I feel no blood lust towards the beautiful brunette with the most gorgeous doe-like eyes I have ever seen. Her emotions are an empath's wet dream and I find myself trying to get as close to the girl as possible to bask in the pure emotions she sends off. I often day-dream about being in her presence and watching her whole face light up with a smile over the simplest of gestures. It hurts me that she doesn't feel adequate enough for Edward. She actually deserves better and I envy Edward for his relationship with Bella. On the rare occasion I do see her, aside from when we were in Arizona hiding her from James, Edward is never far off. Him and his controlling tactics and the way he treats her like her opinions don't matter. Not to mention the emotions she sends off during those circumstances makes a part of my demon try to break through his bars, which he was perfectly locked behind before Bella came into our lives. It always seems that The Major is escape and tell everyone something, but I dare not let him out to find out, especially with Bella around. I couldn't bear for her to be afraid of me. God only knows what she would attempt to do if she heard the story of how I came to be who I am today; The God of War. (A/N: Credit to IdreamofEddy) The Major of the Southern Armies. The Satan of the South. Ares, himself. The most feared vampire in the existence of our kind. The clock chimes, announcing that it is seven o'clock and I can hear Bella's loud truck turning onto the drive. "It's time! It's time! Everyone gather together around the living room!" Alice announced as she hopped to my side waiting for Bella and Edward to come inside. As the door opened and closed behind them, I was immediately hit with Bella's beautiful scent of strawberries and freesia. I smiled to myself the second I heard her heart beat pick up as she entered the room behind Edward while he pulled her down the remaining stairs and into the living room where we all were gathered. "Happy Birthday, Belly Bean!" Emmett said as he gave her one of his infamous bear hugs. "Thank...you, Em. Human... needs..." "Come on, Em, put her down! You're gonna hurt her." Edward said as I inwardly rolled my eyes. "Sorry Bells, why don't you go ahead and say hey to the rest of the family and I will be right back" Emmett winked as he left the room. Bella started making her rounds to everyone saying hello, while Alice started snapping pictures of everyone as we all individually wished her well on the day of her birth. "Happy Birthday, Bella." I said in a slightly softer tone as I came up behind her. She turned around slowly and our eyes connected. I put out my hand for her to take and brought her hand to my lips for a soft kiss while maintaining eye contact. "Thank you, Jasper." She said softly as she blushed that delicious shade of pink while looking up at me through her lashes. We continued to keep our gaze locked with her hand still in mine until Edward came up behind her, putting an arm around her waist and pulling her to him looking at me skeptically. I bit back a growl at him and his possessive nature. My angel looked between the two of us unsure what seemed to be going on in Edward's head. "Presents! Common, Bella!" Alice interrupted our glaring contest while pulling Bella along and out from in between the two of us, diverting our attention for the time being. "Here, open this one first! It's from Emmett, Rose and Jasper." Bella took the box Alice handed her, looking at it with curious eyes because of the light weight. She opened the package and noticed the box was empty, then looked at the three of us questioningly. "It's a new stereo for your truck. I just came back from installing it so that you couldn't return it later." Emmett said as he strolled back into the room. "About time you got a new sound system for that piece of shi-" "Hey! Don't knock the truck!" Bella interrupted smiling. "But thank you, guys" "Ok, sure. Anytime, Bells." Emmett replied with a dimpled grin on his face. "Here! The next present is from Carlisle and Esme." Alice said handing her a thin package wrapped in light blue wrapping paper. "You've been looking kind of pale lately." Esme gestured with her arms wrapped around Carlisle's waist, smiling. Bella studied the package, turning it over while looking for a good place to start tearing as we all watched her start to open her gift. And that's when all hell broke loose... "Ouch! Paper cut." Bella said as the scent of fresh blood hit the air and a drop fell to the floor. Just to be safe, I immediately held my breath and started to take a step back. I looked at Edward and noticed his eyes turned pitched black and felt his blood lust rise through the roof as he was standing there, right next to Bella. " NO! " Edward shouted as he pushed Bella back into the table where she fell, taking all the glasses and plates with her. The china broke apart as the glass shattered all around her, creating a mine field of sharp fragments no matter how she shifted. Seeing that made something inside of me snap, watching her get thrown back like that as her blood penetrated the room. I felt myself take a backseat to my body while my pupils dilated so that they were no longer gold as The Major took the reins. There was no stopping him this time - even if I wanted to try. (The Major's POV) "MINE!" I shouted as I started forward to my Isabella. The mind-reader noticed me moving and pushed me back as I flew across the room and into his piano before moving to stand over her. As soon as I was back on my feet, the big male had one of my arms, while the blonde female held the other. How dare he lay his hands on her and hurt her like that! He will pay for his actions against her! I started snapping trying to break free from their hold as I saw mind-reader standing over my Isabella, my Mate, scoping us out trying to defend his meal. Isabella looked so helpless as confusion and worry poured out of her. She stayed absolutely still. "Jazz, calm down! It's Bella! You care about Bella!" The seer said standing in front of me. I immediately stilled my movements as I gathered what was fully happening. They thought I was the threat and the mind-reader was the one trying to protect her. Oh thee of such little faith. "Are you out of your mind woman? You do not of who you are dealing with right now. If you all do not unhand me right now you will regret it! I will protect my Mate even if I have to take the rest of you out in the process!" "Mate?" the blond doctor asked as he and the rest of the room except mind-reader, who was radiating nothing but blood lust and possession, looked upon me in confusion and defiance. "I do not have time for these meaningless questions." I mumbled to myself in exasperation as I sent out waves of trust and lethargy and I was released. I kept my eyes on our Isabella, assessing the mind-reader's stance over her looking for a weak point so I could get her safely away from him. "Major, if I may speak freely?" the doctor asked as he began in a low voice. "I would like to add that Edward is only protecting Bella as he obviously feels she is in danger. Right Edward?" He asked turning to look at