Disclaimer . All publicly recognizable characters, settings etc., are the property of their respective owners. The original characters, ideas and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. I only do this for fun. Life's a Gamble A/N: This story is a completely original storyline and plot, only using Stephanie Meyer's Twilight characters that we all know and love. Everything else is completely mine. I really hope you guys enjoy it and give me your honest feedback. REMINDER : If anyone is interested in viewing PICTURES from each of the chapters (of a scene with the characters and their surroundings; including Jasper romance) check out the stories on my Wattpad page! The link is located on my profile! If you have any questions or comments, post them in my reviews and I will answer them in my next Author's Note at the bottom of the chapter! Enjoy! - Bella'Xo Summary: Isabella Swan's life changed the day she took her new job at a confidential underground facility in the middle of the Las Vegas desert. She was amazed at the high tech compound and the start of the art laboratories and was excited to get started. However, she did not expect to meet Billionaire Entrepreneur, Jasper Whitlock, the company's CEO and founder of JW Enterprises. There was an immediate attraction, as well as sexual tension that was off the charts. But after getting a glimpse of his arrogant attitude and no-nonsense proposals, she knew she needed to stay away from him at the risk of losing everything. However, Jasper Whitlock is not a man used to hearing the word 'no', and relentlessly pursues her to the point of obsession. Meanwhile, Bella's lab has completed a new top secret formula, one that could very well change the balance of power overnight, and Jasper's enemies, as well as many others, would do just about anything to get their hands on it. Especially after both Bella and Jasper run human trials on themselves, finding that the formula has more potential than either of them could have ever imagined. With everything that's happened, will they be able to keep this new formula and it's capabilities under wraps? Or will it fall into the wrong hands, putting the whole world at jeopardy. And what does Bella's diseased father have to do with all this? Chapter 1 : A New Life Underground (Bella's POV) I stood with my back to the blue screen, a neutral expression guarding my face as the man behind the computer screen to my left snapped my picture. I watched as my image immediately filled the blank square on the computer monitor and stepped forward to hand them the rest my paperwork. He mutely accepted the small stack I held out to him before disappearing behind the steel automatic door that led to the office area in front of me, behind what appeared to be bullet proof glass. When he reappeared, he made his way over to one of the women who seemed to be consumed with whatever was happening on the screen in front of her and slipped her my paperwork, which she accepted without so much as a smile or a gesture of acknowledgement to the man or myself. Not too friendly around here, are they? I couldn't help but think as some of the staff eyed me wordlessly while they worked, the rest pretending as though I were invisible. Was I making the right decision when I accepted my new job here? Would the rest of my coworkers be just like this robotic crowd with no emotion or friendly gesture painted my way? God, I hoped not. I don't know how long I'd last here, otherwise. "Identification?" The woman asked in a monotone without looking away from her computer screen. Like the rest of the women who were staffed in the office area, she wore her dark brown hair pulled slick back into a tight bun and dressed in a navy-colored skirt and blazer with a white collared button-down top. "Oh, um..." I turned and began to dig through my bag for my wallet, pulling out my federal driver's licence when my fingers graced the dark leather. "Here." She looked up to where I held out my licence and eyed the card in my hand with disdain, making no move to reach for it. My God, she was acting as though I were an underaged teenager trying to get into the local bar with a handcrafted fake ID! "What?" I gestured at my licence, shaking it a bit in an attempt to encourage her to take it, "Haven't you ever seen a Colorado driver's licence before?" The woman's expression didn't change, though I could tell that she was fighting not to roll her eyes and scowl. "We will need two more forms of photo identification, as well as your government clearance papers." "Well, you could've just asked," I grumbled to myself as I unzipped my messenger's bag to collect the necessary items, placing them onto the counter next to my untouched driver's licence. "There you go, all here." "Place them in the drawer." Again, with the monotone! I was beginning to think that this woman had no personality, whatsoever! Some reception… Without another word, I pulled open the metal drawer and placed everything inside before sending it through to the other side, fighting not to slam it shut. She didn't say anything more as she reached in and took my information before she immediately began to type away on her keyboard, looking up at her computer monitor while, once again, pretending as though I didn't exist. It was beginning to feel like freshman year all over again. As I waited, I bided my time by looking around the waiting area and took a closer look at my surroundings. The room was very plain with white walls and glass desks that were stationed inside the office on the other side of the glass. There were no windows on any of the walls or anything that gave a view to the army base outside, and the large LED fluorescent lights on the ceiling where the only source of light brightening up the expansive, yet colorless work area. There was one set of steel double doors where I'd come in, as well as an automatic set on the opposite wall where the man who had snapped my picture had previously disappeared through after taking the picture that they would undoubtedly be using for my building credentials, only on this side there was what appeared to be a keyless entry system with a touch screen monitor mounted on the wall next to it with a place to slide a keycard through for access. But one of the main things that I noticed about the room was that there were no pictures hanging from any of the walls. Not even a single plaque revealing the name of my new employer. There were no magazines laid out on any of the tables or televisions mounted anywhere as a source of entertainment within the waiting area. It was completely bare, aside from the two long white benches displaying several fitted navy cushions that were pushed up against the far wall a couple of paces away from where I stood. In all honesty, this was far more than I was anticipating upon my arrival, especially as we were inside the helicopter flying over the large army base that had cleverly hid the underground compound. It was located in the middle of the Nevada desert, out of view from any passing roads. Even from the air, which had provided a full scale view the army base housed at the foot of a large desert mountain, I would never have known that it was really hiding. Not that anybody would even think of finding out otherwise. There were several armed guards at each of the gated entrances, as well as several elevated posts around the acres of land. It was rocky and dusty, nothing like the clean white room that I was currently standing in. But, to be frank, I have no idea what I was expecting in the first place when I'd accepted this job. Several weeks ago, I had been hunted down by a man named Caius Cross. He explained that he was representing who would later become my new boss, Director Liam Howe. He'd expressed how the Director had heard of my expansive talents in all things science and wanted to know if I would be interested in applying for a classified position at the compound where he worked. He wouldn't tell me anything more than that or about the position and, as you can imagine, I was skeptical and reluctant to go into a new career blindly, especially one that was so under wraps when I'd already had a decent paying job, but he'd assured me that it would be well worth it if science was something I was truly passionate about. Then, after an extensive background check was done, along with a signed NDA, he would be able to discuss this new position with me to see if it would be something I would be interested in. However, as hesitant as I was to go through with it, my constant curiosity and inquisitive nature won out and I was endorsing away my life to be poked and prodded at. About a week following our first meeting, I had gotten a phone call informing me that I had been approved for full disclosure and that all I had to do was meet with the Director of Human Resources' assistant and their company's Lawyer to sign the NDA in order to commence to the next stage of the application process. I had a video meeting with the Director, himself, and as he introduced himself and explained the job that I was applying for, as well as the possible promotions that could follow. Needless to say, I was hooked. Even the fact that I would likely need to live at the facility nearly five days a week didn't even deter my fascination, even if it was an inconvenience of epic proportions. My roommates, Kate and Edward, however, were another story altogether. I probably told them more than they were allowed to really know, but the NDA only outlined the finer points of the matter, leaving the rest up to me. Either way, they were my family and deserved to know at least the basics. Not to mention, I trusted them with my life and knew they would never say anything. Needless to say that they didn't exactly like the idea of me taking a classified job at a place that they weren't allowed to know anything about, and especially didn't like the part where I'd have to stay there out there in the middle of the desert during the week for convenience purposes - not that I blamed them. Kate had somehow gotten it in her head that I was signing my body and life away to an underground gang who were determined to turn me into a sex slave to be sold off to the highest bidder. But I'd assured them that it was a legitimate job with tax records and everything. After a long battle of wills, they finally let it go and agreed that I had to follow my own path, but made me promise to keep in near constant communication until they've grown more comfortable and familiar with the prospect and accommodations. But that wasn't the end of my journey to officially accept this position. After the personal interview, I had to get cleared physically by their doctors, receive vaccinations, and ensure that I would be mentally competent to work at the compound. That in itself had taken longer than the actual application process. It was all worth it in the end, though,