Disclaimer. All publicly recognizable characters, settings etc, are the property of their respective owners. The original characters, ideas and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. I only do this for fun. Other Worldly Beauty A/N: I have decided to revise this story as well as continue on with it. Since it is one of the first few stories I have written, there were a lot of errors that I have now corrects. If you have any questions or comments, post them in my reviews and I will answer them in my next Author's Note! Secondly, I would like to give credit due to Miyako-87 from her story 'Wings of a Small Bird.' I used several of her qualities that she uses for her Phoenix's, so if you like the Phoenix's in this story, you should definitely check out her story! - B Chapter 1 (Bella's POV) I sat alone in the back of my first period English class waiting for it to start. I looked at the empty seat where HE used to sit and the familiar hole in my chest seemed to flare to life. My eyes began to tear up and I pulled out my compact and quickly dried my eyes before any of the other students noticed. There were dark bags under my eyes from lack of sleep or waking up screaming from nightmares and my skin was paper than usual and dry from constantly crying. I had my hair pulled back in a low ponytail because I just lacked the effort yo bother doing anything nice with it. Who am I trying to impress? The love of my life is gone and took his whole family with him. "Attention class, it seems we have a new student today. Jayden?" Mr. Birdie gestured towards the open doorway where the most beautiful girl I had ever seen came in the classroom. Her long dark blonde hair fell in long ringlets down to the center of her back and had lovely auburn and light blonde highlights dancing through it. Her green-blue eyes stood out on her face along with her pale skin that just seemed to glow. She had a body that every girl would kill for and stood about 5'6 and her tight. Dark yellow dress showed off her curves and stopped about mid thigh. Over her spaghetti strapped dress, she wore a white jean jacket that came down to right under her breasts. She wore gold heals that gave her flawless legs that legs for days look to them. Her beauty surpasses Rosalie by far and could make even the prettiest girls feel self conscious. She stood in front of the class and smiles a shy smile and I have to think to myself that that is another thing that makes her prettier than Rosalie who always wore a permanent scowl and was always so vain. You could just tell that this Jayden loved to smile and was a kind soul. You could see she was honestly insecure and obviously had no reason to be. "Why don't you tell the class a bit about yourself and where your from?" Mr. Birdie suggested obviously as entranced by her as the rest of the class was. "Hi." She waved in a very familiar musical voice. The same voice that supernatural beings have, which caught my attention for the first time in the past two months when the Cullen's left. "My name is Jayden DelCampo. I'm from Napa, California and am an only child. I like to read, and I love art." She said. "Thank you very much, Ms. DelCampo. If you could please take a seat in the back next to Ms. Swan, we can get started. Ms. Swan, can you please raise your hand?" Mr. Birdie asked and I raised my hand. I watched her as she made her way down the isle to the desk connected next to mine, studying her movements and how she almost glided as she walked. She sat down and looked to the front of the room as Mr. Birdie began his lecture on 'Of Mice and Men'. I subtly looked over at her from time to time, studying her and her other worldly beauty. Eventually, Mr. Birdie assigned us a project on the book with our partner. She turned in her seat and gave me a small smile. "Hi, I'm Jayden. What's your name?" She asked. "Isabella. Bella Swan." I answered in a monotone, entranced by her beauty but as an experiment, stuck out my hand for her to shake. She eyeballed it for a second, before hesitantly accepting my hand. Just as I thought. Cold. I looked to her eyes and saw that the blue green color matched Jasper's eyes, except instead of gold running through from the center, it was red. Of course, you had to be looking or you would never have noticed it. Either way it was beautiful. Maybe she was an anomaly like Jasper? He is the only vampire I have met without either red or gold eyes. She slowly took her hand back and took a deep breath and sighed. "Looks like we are going to have to talk after school, huh?" She asked. "Yes, but don't worry. You're not the only one I've met. I won't tell." I answered, still looking at her. She looked me with wide eyes, but let it go for now, accepting what I told her and got started talking about our project. By lunch time, Jayden was all anyone talked about. All the guys wanted to date her, all the girls wanted to be her friend. It was very off considering the fact that humans were supposed to steer away from vampires, not gravitate towards them. I could see that all the attention was making her very uncomfortable as I watched alone from the Cullen's old table. She was at the salad bar getting her props while looking around for a place to sit. I noticed everyone was on edge, waiting to see which one of them she would dot with, so you can imagine the shock as she walked towards my empty table and took her seat. We sat in silence for a few minutes while she tossed her food aimlessly around on her plate while I sat there playing with the hem of my shirt. "So, whats the real story?" She asked out of the blue. "Excuse me?" I asked confused. "The gossip queens over there told me you've gone crazy and how you're not speaking to anyone or dating, because your boyfriend and his family moved to LA and broke up with you." She explained softly, watching me for any reactions I may have. When she saw none and received no answer, she continued. "There has to be more to the story for you to be this sad for this long and to this extent over a break up. Please, tell me about it?" I looked at her feeling shocked and almost happy. Here was someone I could actually talk to about the supernatural and what really happened to me. Someone I could really be friends with, because, lets face it, it's hard to be an ordinary human with human friends anymore after being exposed to the supernatural. How could I be truly friends with someone that I can't be honest with? Sure, I can have acquaintances, but it pays to have a real friend. Not only that but everyone seemed to turn their backs on me here in this school. I mean, being as depressed as I am, people just stopped trying. Now, here she was, a supernatural creature I can be honest with and despite everything she heard about me, she is still willing to try. So, I told her. I told her about first meeting HIM . About him saving my life, then ignoring me for weeks and how I figured out what he was. I explained about the men in the alley and how HE saved me then took me to dinner where we proceeded to clear the air with my knowledge of him and him answering questions about himself and his gift. I told her about the meadow, meeting his family and the lullaby he wrote me. Then I proceeded with the baseball game where James and his coven made their appearance and his sick game where I had to leave town and go to Phoenix. About the ballet studio and getting beat and bit where HE decided to suck the venom out, stopping my transformation and ending up in the hospital. I told her about having a wonderful, almost dream like summer where I got to know everyone aside from Jasper and Rosalie on an intimate level. Then, I told her about Jasper attempting to attack me at my 18th Birthday only two weeks into this school year. About how for 3 days HE began acting distant, then on the third day, he took me for a walk in the woods. Went on to tell me he and his family were leaving and that I wasn't to come. That he didn't want me and said I was not good enough for him. He made me promise not to do anything reckless and that it would be the last time he would see me. How he left me broken and crying in the woods trying to follow after him. That I was missing for 13 hours before Sam from the reservation found me as a part of a search party. How I've been catatonic for the last 3 months and only speaking when spoken to. How one by one my friends all gave up on trying to even talk to me. My emails to Alice that never go through. How all I do when I get home from school is sit and stare at my window he used to come through. Not even bothering to cook for my Dad any more and that he is at the end of his rope. She listened intently, not interrupting but her emotions were written straight across her face. "What was the doctor's name again?" She asked. "Carlisle. Why?" I answered confused. She looked almost angry. "Jayden? What's wrong?" "I am not what you think I am. I don't understand how the oldest had eyes like..." She trailed off before going switching the topic. "But I am no animal drinking vampire. I'm not even of that species. But we will talk on that later. Just know that Carlisle has taken two I loved so much from me and I don't know if I can forgive what he did." She ended in almost a whisper, yet it was strange I could still hear her with the loud noises of the canteen. I was confused how this could happen and if she wasn't a vampire, what was she? "If is one of my talents. No one can hear us and we can hear each other just fine." She said as if reading my mind. I nodded in understanding, but before I could ask anymore questions, the bell rang signaling the end of lunch. The day finished in a blur as I thought more about the girl who had Edward's old seat in many of my classes. I tried to think about what she could be as I walked to my truck, but came up short. I closed the door to my truck and started it up and before I could drive out of my spot, someone started to tap on my window. I jumped in my seat, but as soon as I saw it was Jayden I breathed a sign of relief and rolled my window down. "Hey, I am going to follow you to your house, then you are going to jump in with me. We need to finish our talk in from lunch,