So there's about I don't know, maybe 40 Pertemis stories where Percy is the Guardian of the Hunt? And then I saw two stories where Apollo and Hermes cast a spell at Percy and Artemis, making them able to hear each other's thoughts, even though both only have 2 chapters each at the time of typing this. Also, I find it funny that while, Athena is the goddess of wisdom, she is NOT the goddess of intelligence, as many fellow fanfiction writers tend to make her out to be, just a thought. While reading this, it is important to know some things. First of all, in this fanfiction, Percy and Annabeth NEVER dated or loved each other in any way, shape or form. Second, this story takes place AFTER they defeat Gaia. This story is purely written for my enjoyment, and I care not if someone wants to tell me that my writing sucks. However, constructive criticism is encouraged, along with complements of course, as I try to read every review that comes in, and by doing so, it allows me to better my writing skills as an author. If you have a problem with my writing style, then please explain to me these problems, along with tips on solving them instead of flaming. Or if you really cannot tolerate it, then STOP reading, I am not forcing you to read this, it is purely your choice to do so. As a side note, for all of you readers who have watched the movie Groundhog Day, this story essentially uses the same idea, except with two people trapped instead of one. For those of you who haven't, I highly recommend watching it, and you will have to see for yourself what I meant to the people who have watched the movie. Disclaimer: I, Remvis, do not in any way own or share ownership of any of the Percy Jackson books, nor do I own the idea from the movie Groundhog Day. Also, I tend to come up with flowing story ideas better while telling it aloud, as a storyteller around a campfire would, so that may be the reason as to why my writing is a bit weird or off. Enjoy, ~Remvis 3rd person, focused to nobody, Midnight February 14th Rachel Elizabeth Dare sat up straight in her bed, eyes aglow. She was not conscious, no this was the Oracle. She spoke words that nobody heard, and nobody would hear until they asked, which would be both a long time coming and yet that very day. Over and Over, Their Day Shall Go. Over and Over, They Make it So. Together they Must, Their Lives Remold. Together at Last, As Was Foretold. On the Day of Love, Conjoin their Hearts Two. Until they Are One, Their day Shall Ensue. 3rd person, focused on Percy Jackson Percy Jackson awoke on February 14th at five thirty in the morning with a particular foreboding feeling that today was going to end in a way that he hadn't expected. The teenager shook off the feeling, and it fleeted away, soon to be forgotten as the day progressed onwards. Looking at his watch, he sighed, as he probably wasn't going to be falling back asleep anytime soon. He got off his bed and stretched a bit before leaving his cabin to do his daily training. Ever since the seven had defeated Gaia, he resolved to make himself stronger than he had been so that nobody else would die unnecessarily. The first thing he did was go to the beach, where he swam far out and started to lap. Yes, lap. He swam around Long island 3 times, utilizing his water powers to speed him up, and he got back to the beach in about thirty minutes, even though the water was freezing from it being winter. He then did many other various exercises, along with helping any naiads or tree nymphs that needed it as he performed his training. At about Seven o'clock, he decided to head back into camp, where he saw many people out and about already. 'Oh Yeah,' he thought, 'today is Valentine's Day, the Aphrodite kids have been planning today out for the past week or so.' It was true; the Aphrodite kids had been running around camp chaotically in the past week, trying to make the day be perfect for all couples. In the dining hall, there were about one hundred small tables for two in place along with the regular cabin tables that were usually there. Percy shrugged, today was none of his concern, seeing as how he did not have a girlfriend, nor wanted one, even though there were plenty of pretty and beautiful females, 'like that girl with the stunning purple eyes, or the one shy Aphrodite girl with natural rainbow colored hair, or his friend Annabeth, or a certain silver eyed Goddes-' Percy shook his head at that last thought. He had decided that he would not go out until he was truly sure that he loved someone and that they loved him back, so as to avoid any conflicts that might bring them apart. Sure, there were probably many problems that could arise after the fact, but he hoped that he would be able to overcome those problems then. Going over to the dining hall, he got in line to get breakfast, which consisted of waffles, scrambled eggs, bacon and hash browns. After getting his meal, Percy went over to the Poseidon cabin table and started to eat his food. As he was finishing eating, he heard a conch horn and smiled, knowing that today would be a very interesting day indeed. 3rd person, focused on Artemis In Artemis's opinion, Valentine's Day was possibly the worst ever conceived idea ever in the history of the Earth. It was a day to let feelings for those you were attracted to fester and grow into something that you couldn't control. Most females on this day were all happy and excited at the prospect of dating, especially Aphrodite, which made Artemis gag in her mouth. How could they possibly like the idea of being together in ANY way with those disgusting things that they called men? She just couldn't understand it. The closest thing she had ever come to a male friend was her brother in the first few years of her life, when her brother had been close to her and uncorrupted by the influence of others, until when they first came to Mount Olympus, he slowly turned. At least he couldn't lie to her, as he was the god of truth. Well, that wasn't completely true, as there was the twice-savior of Olympus, Perseus Jackson. At least he was a fairly considerate person, and not at all self-serving as other males. In fact, he was the only male that Artemis even favored remotely, as he was completely all for helping others rather than seeking his own gain in things. He had even been able to befriend Zoe, the huntress that had probably been the most faithful in all of her time in the hunt to Artemis, which the Goddess found great interest in. Obviously if Zoe had been able to open up to him then he must have been better than all of the other boys that she had ever met in the thousands of years alive, especially if she had given him her blessing to hold the sword that was the reminder of her hate towards males. Artemis had planned with the huntresses that since the kids in Camp Half Blood had most likely planned for Valentine's Day, they would go to Camp just to screw up most of their day, maybe cause some disorder for the stupid love-struck girls and disgusting men. Artemis smiled at the thought and went out and called her huntresses together. "Is it time to go, my lady?" Her lieutenant, Thalia, asked with a smile on her face. She was excited at the prospect of messing with the campers as well. "Yes," Artemis responded, "we should move out as soon as possible." After a couple of minutes of everyone getting their things together, they set off to camp, which was only a half mile away from where they had stayed the night. When they got there, one of the campers saw them and ran to the main hall, where they sounded a conch horn to sound their arrival. As soon as the conch horn was heard, there could be groans and shouts of displeasure coming from all around camp, along with a long, wailing "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" The huntresses all looked at each other before bursting into hysterics. They had known that them just showing up would cause campers distress, but that was just too much. After their laughing fit, they composed themselves and walked to the dining hall, as they knew that they would be able to get free breakfast there. Walking in, they witnessed the assortment of couple tables that were set up and each of them gagged to themselves at the attempts at romance made by the Aphrodite kids. They all rushed over to get breakfast, which many chose to eat eggs only, while Thalia and a few others got the other food items there. Artemis looked around the hall, and saw only a few campers sitting at their cabin tables, before resting her eyes on the Poseidon table, where Perseus was sitting all by himself. Artemis got her own food and sat with the huntresses at her table and joined in on the conversation. "-we're in agreement then, first off Samantha and Ira are going to put the spray paint on the Apollo cabin. Then, you three are going to the archery range to show up the Apollo kids, who will get angry at you and storm back to their cabin, where they will see the damage. Assuming the worst, they will blame the Hermes kids, as they will think that the huntresses couldn't have done it while they had been beating them so badly in archery. In the meantime,-" Artemis zoned out as she felt someone offering the rest of their food to her, which nobody, I repeat, NOBODY, ever did. She looked over to the big bonfire and saw Perseus walking away from it. Had the young hero just offered his food to her? Why would he do such a thing? 'I need to know why he did that', she resolved. No man had ever offered to her, let alone without good reason. Throughout the day, Artemis barely saw the young man, and as such didn't get a chance to ask him why he had done what he had at breakfast. Then at lunch, he offered to her again, and also at dinner. She was going stir crazy, trying to figure out why he would do such a thing, and at dinner after he did so, he turned to her and smiled before leaving the hall. Later, she saw him leaving the dance party that was occurring in the main hall and around the campfire, not heading towards his cabin, but to the beach. Artemis steeled herself and decided to follow him. She followed him down the stairs onto the sand, and saw him sit down and look up at the full moon. She went over to him and put a hand on his shoulder, which startled him. 3rd person, focused on Percy, morning during breakfast Percy decided to eat slowly, as he knew that the hunt would probably stop by here first, and he just felt like it. He didn't know why, but he wanted to hang out for a bit, so that he could see them, well no, that wasn't it. To see Her. He shook his head once more. He didn't know why he was thinking any of these thoughts, but he knew that he could get smote with Zeus's lightning bolt at any moment, or worse, get turned into a jackalope. After