The Red String of Fate exists, and although rare, there are a few people or gods that have the ability to see them. Some people, like Aphrodite, obsess over the Red Strands that divine their fates. Aphrodite was also very keen on her abilities to cut the strands and knot them to others, forcing people together that they might find love with people on her Whim. Most of the goddesses could see the Red Strands, and so it was that Athena refused to search for her partner, knowing that eventually he or she would be made known to her. Hestia didn't want to seek out her soul mate, having a past experience of children eating fathers and what-not. When Artemis was born, she was also gifted with the sight of the Red Strings that bound people. Artemis didn't pay attention to it at first, content to play with her younger brother for the first few years of her life. But eventually, she began to notice how the others, people who had their strands entwined, would live together. She would enjoy the happiness that two connected people had together, and began to yearn for her own life of the sort. The problem was, Artemis didn't have a Red String of Fate. Artemis searched endlessly for a facsimile of love, but over countless years of seeing heartbreak after heartbreak, men treating their wives poorly (usually in relationships that the Red String didn't connect), and other things, The Goddess decided that she had had enough of searching for love. She made her Father Zeus swear to her that he wouldn't force her to marry, and set up her Hunt to provide safe haven for females of all ages who sought out her protection. Generations passed. There was an incident involving Orion, who thought that He was destined for Artemis, and tried to sway her heart. Her prior obsession with love came back, and she tried desperately to make it work, but her brother intervened and had Orion killed. Artemis was distraught at first, how could her brother do that to her? How could her ruin one of her only chances at love? Artemis calmed down eventually enough for Apollo to reason with her. Had she seen the Red String between them? No. Apollo even showed her Orion's past, which was filled with heartbreaks after heartbreaks. Artemis' heart grew cold. She was destined to be without love for all times then. The Maiden goddess took an oath then, an oath of chastity for all times. She refused to look for love any more, and she would spurn any males who dared try and get close to her with romantic intentions. And so the legend was born, the legend of Artemis, the Virgin Goddess who hated men. The Goddess who would punish any males who came across her while she was bathing (it happened at least two times). The Goddess who, without remorse, would show disdain for almost any males, who she grew a prejudice towards thanks to the backstories her huntresses came from. And so it came to her great surprise when right before the turn of the twenty-first century, that one day she awoke to a Red String of Fate wrapped around her finger, leading out of her current camp into the forest. In fact, she was so startled was she that she even let out a scream. As you can imagine, Artemis isn't the sort of Goddess who screams often. And so it was that this scream came to the attention of her huntresses fairly quickly, and Zoe came bursting into Artemis' tent. Nothing appeared to be amiss to the experienced Huntress (who could not see the Red String that now wound through the tent like a coiled python yards long). "Is… everything alright Milady?" The uncertain huntress asked Artemis. Artemis could not stop looking at the strand that now entwined her hand. What would she do? Why would it appear now, of all times? After years of searching? Years of giving up on love? Why did it have to be now? The Goddess contemplated cutting it off. She would never know who her soul mate might be if she got rid of the damned String right now. But that was the problem. She would never know who was the one destined, who was the one worth all those years of waiting. And she knew, just knew that Aphrodite wouldn't hesitate to use a broken String and connect it to some random other person. Aphrodite would tie her soul mate to somebody who wasn't meant for them. But on the other hand, as soon as Artemis first returned to Olympus, Aphrodite would be all over her. She would clamor and squeal and bounce excitedly and talk in an obnoxiously loud voice about how Artemis would finally find love after all this time. Frankly, Artemis would never hear the end of it. Aphrodite would make her rue the day she swore off men, and consistently nag at her. It was too much for her to think about all at once, and when the Goddess finally looked away and saw her Lieutenant standing in her tent waiting pensively for a response, she said quietly, "There's a Red String on my finger." Zoe Nightshade was no stranger to the Red String of Fate. While she herself could not see it, she knew of all the troubles that it could cause when somebody who could see them cut and knotted them to people who didn't belong to one another. The War of Troy, for example had been a horrible misplay on Aphrodite's part of cutting and knotting. Poor Helen, and poor all the others whose lives had been ruined by the accursed Red String. And so, given the event that had happened seemingly overnight, she knew that the situation at hand was an extremely delicate one. It wasn't her choice in what Lady Artemis did now, and she could only hope that it wouldn't end in ruin. Zoe nodded her head and said, "It'll stay between us," before exiting the tent. Outside, the others were gathered around, awaiting the news on what had happened. "Our lady had a fright, possibly a nightmare, nothing to worry about." She told them. No need to worry the other huntresses on something that was beyond their control. Artemis, meanwhile, was sorting out what exactly she was going to do. For now, she would leave the String alone. There was no reason to cut it immediately. Worst comes to worst, her alleged soul mate turns out to be a horrible male and she cuts the line. No need to worry about it. She was curious as to why it would randomly appear now of all times though. She flashed out, following the direction that the strand led. After a couple of hours of fast flash following the String, she finally traced it to a hospital in New York City of all places, relatively close to the Empire State Building, where Mount Olympus currently resided on the "600th" floor. She made her way into the hospital, making sure to hide her Godly aura from the mortals as she followed the String. It grew shorter and shorter as she grew closer, and she ended up stopping outside a particular hospital room. This hospital room had windows, allowing the Goddess to see a very endearing sight. A young woman with black hair held a newborn baby in her arms. Artemis followed the Red String to the baby. Of course. A mortal baby, although it seemed to be a demigod given the aura that it gave off. Of course it would be a baby. How else would a Red String just randomly appear? It was the just the opposite thing that happened with people dying. When a person died, their Red String disappeared until either they died, or the person was reborn from Hades. This baby (male, she could tell) was destined to be her soul mate. The baby turned towards Artemis, and she was astounded by the pureness in those eyes. Sea Green invaded her senses as she looked into those eyes, the vibrancy of colors that rivalled the colors of nature. Artemis was distracted from them, when she felt a second pair of eyes fastened to her, these ones a bright blue. The baby's mother stared intently at the Goddess, and Artemis knew from the glances that were cast that the mother could see the Red String of Fate as well. Artemis' eyes widened. Mortals could only see the Red Strings of Fate if they were also Clear Sighted mortals. This woman clearly knew exactly who she was looking at, and knew that the Goddess had come to see the newborn baby. The mother simply gave out a small smile, and Artemis suddenly felt a sudden wrongness at being here at the hospital. The feeling was just suddenly there, and she abruptly turned away and made her leave of the place. If this Child was truly meant for her, then they would meet once more when they were older. It wasn't until much later, twelve years later in fact that the Goddess first heard her Soul Mate's name. She didn't know it was him, but the name stuck out in her mind as relatively important. Perseus Jackson. The young demigod had just completed a quest and gone to the realm of Hades to save his mother and get Zeus' Lightning Bolt. The Demigod had even bested Ares in hand to hand combat, which you didn't hear a lot of happening. The next year, the young demigod made an even greater name for himself when he hijacked a quest to complete it, ensuring its success, and even brought back to life Thalia Grace. By this time Artemis was sure that the young man by the name of Perseus Jackson would prove to be nothing more than the next Hercules, completing quest after quest and becoming completely bigoted over his own greatness. It wasn't until the demigod was 14 years old that Artemis finally met her soul mate. She was hunting near a school when it happened. Two scruffy looking kids with black hair and dark eyes ran out of the school. A boy with black hair followed, as did a girl Artemis recognized as Annabeth Chase (Artemis had extended an invitation into the hunt to the young girl, but Annabeth had declined), along with a satyr and Thalia. They were being chased by a man, and Artemis became keen on the man. It looked like he might be her quarry, a manticore. Artemis gave the order to draw arrows on the manticore, and as soon as her revealed himself, they released. Events unfolded that led to the manticore and Annabeth falling off the nearby cliff, and all that was left was the demigods and the satyr with her Huntresses. If Artemis had been paying attention, she would have known that her Red String was connected to one of the demigods. As it was, she was caught off guard when sea green eyes caught hers and asked if they could do anything to save his friend. Her eyes widened. She had never once seen sea green eyes again after meeting the baby for the first time, and looking down to confirm it; she traced the Red String of Fate as it connected her to this young boy. He was disheartened to hear her tell him that she could do nothing for his friend, and she felt badly for making him feel upset. She was broken from her reverie when she heard one of the Demigods say his name. Percy. Perseus Jackson. The demigod that was her soul mate was none other than Perseus Jackson, the demigod who she had begun to imagine to become a horrible person. She could see it in his eyes, the way he talked to her with such hope. She could tell that this boy had already seen a lot of