The Bloodkin Queen As the story goes before there were men, before there were Halflings or elves or dwarves, before the other races were even woken to the world by the gods, there were a people who walked the lands already. No god ever took credit for their presence there, or claimed knowledge of when, how or why they came to be. But still they were there, silent beings who walked with dragons. They were the elder elves, the kin of the spirit, dragons of wisdom, changelings. They were the Bloodkin Elves. Or so the myths say. Nothing remains of them now to prove it save for a single ruined city, touched by nothing but death. An ancient story whose path runs deep, whose path runs inexorably towards another Legolas kept at a lope at Aragorn's side, only occasionally glancing back to make sure Gimli was keeping up. He looked towards Aragorn, and then to the shadowed ruins they were coming up on. "You know what that is don't you?" Aragorn nodded gravely. "The Crystal City." "There's no way they could have gone through that." Legolas frowned, narrowing his pale eyes at the distantly shimmering towers. "The Queen would kill them." "I know." Aragorn turned and began to trot towards the now closer ruins. "Wait!" Legolas stopped. "You can't mean to go in there." Gimli cursed as he ran into the tall elf, not expecting him to just stop for no apparent reason. "Go in where?' He growled. "They will have to go around it; we can take off a good half day off if we go through. We could easily cut them off on the other side." He stopped to look at his companions. "Well then what's the hold up?" The dwarf grumbled irritably. "Let's get going." Legolas looked down at him aghast at the very idea of such a thing. "The Crystal City is the domain of the Dragon Queen." "A dragon?" Gimli bristled; his family had a history with dragons. "No one knows, that is what they say, it's an ancient tale, no one has actually come out alive to tell what, if anything, she, or it, really is." Legolas glanced over his shoulder at the lowering sun. "Probably because no one goes in." Aragorn said. "Even if she does exist, what is the chance she'll spot us in such a huge maze as the city?" He turned and started off towards the city without another word on the subject. Gimli mumbled, pulling his axe out and huffing off after the ranger. Legolas frowned, he had a very bad feeling about it, sighing he started off after them, if he was right, they were going to need help to get back out of the city alive. He wouldn't leave them to die after all of this. By the time they reached the city walls, the sun barely showed above the horizon, casing everything into deep blood colored shadow. Aragorn slowed to a walk before stopping to look at the ancient city walls. It was aptly named, Legolas noted to himself silently, running a hand over the stones of the fallen wall. They were all crystalline, not clear but a cloudy white with veins of other gleaming colors, gold, silver and a rainbow of soft pastel colors. It was that very beauty, even in destruction and decay that lead to looters. Looters who were never seen again. Far above them rose broken towers, spires that never reached their once lofty goals into the sky. All save for one, deep inside the city towered one, at what must have been its heart, an unharmed spire of sparkling stone that seemed to catch the fire of the setting sun. "Do you think it's worth something?" Gimli eyed the stones critically. "Not if you're dead." Legolas muttered with warning, unable to take his eyes off that tower. If she existed, he knew that was where she would be and he had no urge what so ever to see the tower any closer. "We're not going to camp here right?" "No," Aragorn started walking. "We'll camp at the halfway if we have to; I want to be at the other side by morning at the latest." Legolas looked at the tower once more, then at Aragorn's back. "Oh, lovely." They walked for several uneventful hours in the darkness and in complete silence, not just them, but everything around them. Nothing lived inside the walls, not a single living creature, plant or animal, crossed the boundaries. Except them. His nerves on edge, Legolas finally tired of it and went ahead to scout out the ruins, he didn't get far before he stopped dead in his tracks. He'd found himself in a huge, open square at the very heart of the city, where across it stood the only whole building in the entire tomb that was the Crystal City. "Impressive." Aragorn commented, glancing around the open space. "We'll set up at the base of that tower for the night. If anything does attack, we've got it at our back." "I think that is the last thing I want to put my back too." Legolas looked way up at the now black tower, craning his neck to try and see the top but it blurred into the night sky. Together the three moved as one across the square in a close triangle, keeping an eye on the shadows of the streets coming into it. It was too perfect a place for an ambush with all the places things could hide in wait. As they reached nearly halfway across Aragorn stopped them. "Something is watching us." Gimli peered into the darkness. "I don't see anything." Legolas spun as he heard something move. "She's here." "What can you see Legolas?" Aragorn backed up and the trio stood back to back. Concentrating on all of his senses, Legolas listened and watched, trying to locate the source of the danger that made his hair stand on end. A shadow flew by quickly between two buildings in the corner of his eye and he jerked his head to look. Nothing there. But he'd seen it, it's been there, he hadn't imagined it. "There!" Gimli barked and the other two turned quickly enough to see the shadows swirl. But then flickers started passing rapidly all around the square, clicking like talons on stone joined the skittering shadows, a soft laughing seemed to echo in the wind, bouncing off the stones from all directions, making it impossible to know where it was coming from. "It's toying with us, like a cat with a mouse." Aragorn narrowed his eyes. Just as he said it a deep rumbling started, like distant thunder at first that grew until the very ground where they stood quaked beneath them. The sound grew to drown out everything else and they fought not to cover their ears. A blast of fiery light blinded all three, bathing the square in a sudden blaze of heat and light. "Who dares desecrate the burial place of the Bloodkin?!" The voice was the sound of the tempest and a blast of scorching heat accompanied it, knocking them all to the rapidly warming stones. Aragorn rose to his knees, holding up a hand to block the glare. "We have touched nothing, seek to steal nothing, we only need to pass through!" Legolas pushed himself up as well, coming to a crouch and looked up. The Balrog had been fire and shadow, but this, dragon is all it could be called, wasn't just flame, it was like the sun itself. Wrapped around the tower its wings fanned over the square, talons dug into the stone and long whip-like tail twitched where it was curled around the spire of stone. "The Dragon Queen." He said in awe. "What business does an elf, a dwarf and a human have 'passing through'?" It roared, forcing them to shield themselves from the resulting blast of fire. Legolas ran the old legend through his mind, Bloodkin, Bloodkin, why is that so familiar? Then he remembered. "The Bloodkin Elves, the Brothers and Sisters of the Dragon Spirit! They weren't real dragons at all." The giant flaming dragons head snapped to his direction, its swirling eyes of fire fixing solely on the elf. "Speak not the name with your murderous tongue elf!" Aragorn shot him a look. "What?' "The Crystal City, it was where they lived, they were linked to the dragons somehow. They were wiped out." Legolas explained, then to the dragon. "But we are not the one who did it and we mean no harm to their memory." "Then why do you come here?" The dragon demanded, a frill of flaming spines standing up around its head like a lions mane. "If not to gloat over the bones of my people?" "We are trying to rescue our friends," Aragorn yelled up at it. "They were stolen away by orcs and we track them." The brightness of the dragon faded slightly. "Orcs." She said the name as if it tasted bad. "Near my land, they would not dare." "They do my Lady," Legolas stood up as he spoke, the heat no longer suffocating. "It is the beginning of the end for Middle Earth. The Ring of Power has surfaced and the forces of darkness are seeking it out now, even as we speak." At that the dragon moved soundlessly out of the air to land between the three and the tower, stirring the air only the slightest with its wings, the heat now no more than a warm summer's day breeze. "So it has begun again." Aragorn moved forward nodding, sensing a potential ally in the dragons sudden change in tone and demeanor. "The eye is open and watching." "It sees not here dunedain. He would not trespass upon me without his full power; even then he would be wary of this place, lest he waken the ghosts of the dingwaith." The dragon looked almost sad as it said this. "But it all ends somewhere doesn't it." Then its form began to swirl, contracting down in on itself until it was a funnel storm of flame about six feet tall. Then as sudden as the blaze came it blinked out of existence with a soft murmur of ash. All three of the travellers blinked at the unexpected loss of light. Legolas was the first to slowly regain his night vision and he moved forward without meaning to, looking to where the dragon had vanished. There was still something, or someone there. Upon the ancient etched stones stood a tall woman, an elf in fact, with short hair the color of fresh blood and eyes of flame, yellow centers leeching out into red. She wore elaborate armor of some dark metal that looked as if it were painted with ashes and a sword hilt peeked over her shoulder. "You're the Dragon Queen of the Crystal City?" Gimli blinked at her in disbelief. "I'm Kinkathra, Queen of the Bloodkin Elves and last of my people." She looked at them gravely. "You stand at the foot of the Citadel of Light. Welcome to the Crystal City." The Queen turned and walked towards the previously mentioned citadel. "Follow me." They all exchanged looks before following her into the dark building. "Could use a little light." Gimli grumbled behind the other three. Holding up her hand, flame flickered up from Kinkathra's fingertips to form a ball of golden flame at the ends of her deep red-black nails. Nails which Legolas noted looked far more like talons then anything. "You're a sorceress?" Aragorn glanced at her sideways as they made their way towards a grand staircase that reached up into darkness. "I am many things." Was her only reply to his question. The rest of the way up the stairs preceded in silence save for the sounds of Gimli and Aragorn's footfalls on the stone. The two elves made no sound as they glided skywards. Finally they