A/N: So, um, first Twilight fic. Yay! Hope you guys enjoy the first chapter because I really enjoyed starting this up. Oh, and a fair warning to you Jacob lovers, he's just a bit of an ass in this story. I hope you can still read though. The bar was surprisingly classy for a bar. This was a bar where men already knew what their type of scotch was and how to hold their alcohol. This was a bar where drunkards weren't accepted and where the ladies had a fine selection of wine to choose from, if they didn't want a taste of the heavier things in life. This was a bar that didn't hold a hint of a cheesy flashing sign or the nose crinkling smell of cheap spilled beer. This was a bar where paparazzi waited outside for stars of all kinds to wander in. This was a bar that had presented itself as being above her expectations. What she had expected was to meet up at an overfilled, presumptuous, college bar with whores on the dance floor and druggies in the corners. Those were the only one's she'd been taken to since she started at the University of Washington three years ago. Alice had assured her otherwise, but the fear had still niggled at her in the back of her mind. Bella's eyes searched the room hungrily. She wondered if it could be the man sitting in the booth secluded in the corner. His face was shielded by darkness, his legs tucked carefully under the table, almost as if he didn't want to be seen. No, Alice had said that he was confident. Well, she had used somewhat different words, but that was the gist of it. Someone confident wouldn't sit somewhere to hide themselves. Maybe it was the man chucking darts somewhat drunkenly at the board. His tie was already sitting askew on his chest and all the buttons undone on his jacket. No, that man was too obvious. And, even if it was him, she didn't want the obvious, over exuberant man. She'd already had enough of that for a lifetime or two. She pondered over the man nervously fingering the edge of a glass of amber liquid. His eyes darted back and forth across the women in the bar, passing right over her. The glass shook as he brought it quickly to his lips, splashing on him. She felt a flash of sympathy, but concluded that he wasn't who she was searching for. He would've recognized her, since Alice had supposedly told him all about her. Bella perused the rest of the men in the bar, though no more were left without a woman hanging from their arm. Her stomach was beginning to churn, but she convinced herself to sit down at one of the swiveling bar stools lined up along the long strip of bar. Ten more minutes and she could leave. Okay, maybe just five. It was his fault, since he was the one who was late. The bartender sauntered over to her, leaning casually against the side opposite her. She was too nervous to do anything but stare down at her lap and play with the edge of her very short dress that Alice had forced her into. After a few moments of silence from the lost looking woman in front of him, the bartender cleared his throat. She didn't look up. "Scotch on the rocks please." Was all she said. He nodded, though she couldn't see him. She remembered before he walked out of hearing range. "And would you mind, erm, maybe watering down a little?" Bella had never been one to stomach strong drinks, but wines and beer just weren't her thing. She heard him chuckle, deep and throaty, before he walked away to grab he watered down scotch. She was panicking more now. What if he didn't show up? She would be humiliated. Bella couldn't help but feel the threatening stares of the other women in the bar burning into her back. She could feel their eyes assessing her. She was new to their territory, a threat, not that could ever think of herself being viewed that way. She never saw the way that men's eyes wandered up her petite curves and small waist, and could never suspect the way that they craved to tug on and run their fingers through her thick, shiny brown locks, or imagine that they saw images depicted in their minds of taking her skinny little legs and wrapping them around their hips as they pounded into her. No, she could never even guess at the way that some men craved for the feel of her flesh pressed against theirs. Men wanted innocence. And Bella seemed to be as innocent as they came. "Here's your drink." The bartender said, his voice sexy and velveteen. It made butterflies flutter in her gut. She still didn't look up. He laid a square wood coaster down before setting her drink on it, the ice clinking against the cool glass. She picked it up immediately, reveling in the feel of the already formed condensation against the heated skin of her hand. She would've pressed the glass to her forehead had she not been in public. "Thank you." She said, her voice cracking, before taking a sip. She let a small smile fall upon her face. The drink was just how she liked it; more water than scotch, but she was a lightweight. Even just a few of those could have her stumbling drunkenly around the bar. She glanced down at her wrist, but all she found was a bare patch of skin that was slightly whiter than the rest of her skin. She always wore her watch, but Alice had practically torn her wrist off trying to get the bulky thing off of her. "You think I'm going to let you keep that on?! It'll ruin your whole outfit!" She had whined. Bella had caved, never being able to resist the childlike lull of Alice's pouting. Plus, Rosalie had backed Alice up. Bella never stood a chance even against tiny Alice, let alone the both of them. Bella sighed and rubbed at her wrist woefully. She couldn't spot another clock in the bar so she resigned herself to waiting. And waiting. She didn't know how she had gotten herself into this situation, letting Alice set herself up on a blind date. With a pro football player of all things. She was somewhat aware of their notorious reputations of being egotistical, but maybe this one was different. After all, Alice's Jasper was a football player for the Seahawks and he was a nice guy. After what she guessed was a half hour of sitting at that damned bar stool, she was fed up. Her butt was aching, her feet hurt from the tight heels, and her boobs were a bit sore from being squeezed into her push up bra for at least two hours. She stood up, her drink not even half finished, and headed for the door. About a third of the way there, a man walked in. A single man. She continued on, barely registering him. But he registered her. This was the woman Alice had had Jasper tell him about. His hand landed heavily on her shoulder, not helping her stay sturdily upright. It had taken her hours and hours of practice to learn how to walk in heels without tripping over her feet every two seconds, and she still wasn't comfortable in them. She wobbled for a moment, but managed to regain some of her balance. "Can I help you?" She asked, flustered, looking up at his looming form. His skin was tanned in a way that suggested ethnic blood and his eyes were a deep shade of brown. She could've said black, but the lighting of the bar let her make out the pinpoint of a pupil in his eyes. His jaw and cheekbones were defined in an almost girlish fashion and his hair was spiked with gel, making it look somewhat greasy. Even under his suit, anyone could tell that he had some hulking muscles and a well built form. Rosalie would call him hot and Angela would call him attractive, though it would probably take a little while to get that reaction out of her. But Bella... Bella was too annoyed and tired to really care. "Jacob." He said. The name rung a faint bell in the back of her mind. "The football player." Her tone made it a question. "The one and only." He said spreading his arms and letting a cocky grin slide onto his face. She was about to point out how stupid that was, since she could name at least three other football players off the top of her head (but only three, she wasn't much into football), but she held her tongue, wanting to make a good impression. "You're late." She said simply, trying not to let any snark slide into her tone. "Yeah, sorry about that. Traffic in Seattle is a bitch." He said, cocky smile still on his face. All she did was raise an eyebrow. She usually didn't have this much sass in her, but her annoyance fueled her. He didn't notice, only gestured to the bar. He walked ahead of her, taking a seat. Bella wasn't one for conflict in any form, so she followed his mutely. "A red wine for the lady and tequila on the rocks for me." She rolled her eyes. Both at his drink choice and what he had dubbed her. The bartender had switched to being a woman, though Bella didn't notice the previous one wiping tables down in the background. There were a few moments of awkward silence. "So, what position do you play?" Bella asked, grubbing around for some sort of conversation. "In football." She added, as though he didn't know what she was talking about. She wanted to smack herself. "I'm a running back and I sub in for defense every once in a while." He said as if she should've known that already. "Jasper said you weren't much into football. I didn't realize it was to this extent." He joked, then went into some God awful monologue about his adventures on the field. Bella gulped down the wine, wincing at the flavor, but she needed the alcohol. He didn't notice her desperate grab for a distraction. He talked about his touchdowns, his tackles, his sacks, his yards... basically he talked about himself, himself, himself, himself. For an hour . A velveteen voice interjected into their conversation. "Would you like another drink?" Bella looked at him this time. An alien from another planet could've wandered into the bar asking to speak to their leader and she wouldn't have given a flying fuck about it. The man in front of her, leaning oh-so-casually against the bar, he was... well, he was fucking gorgeous . His hair was a sexy copper mess and Bella found her fingers itching to run through it. His jaw was chiseled as a statue's and covered in a light dusting of stubble. She wanted to lean over and rub her cheek against it, wanted to revel in the way it would pull and scratch against her bare skin. Then she found his eyes. Holy shit, his eyes . The urge to strip right there, in front of God and everyone, and dive into their golden depths was overwhelming. Blood rushed to her cheeks, and, finding no more room in her face, raced down her neck and into her chest, heating her skin even further. Jacob found himself presented with the opportunity to stare openly at her flushed chest. Her chest was heaving, making her breasts move lustfully. They were a little small for his taste, but he bet she would be the tightest woman he would get the chance to fuck. She was a small little thing, almost as small as