Secrets and Confrontations Ever since Jake got sick I had been irritable and on edge. I was running a fever. Over the past month, I had grown a foot and my hair was now down to my hips. I had somehow gotten stronger and more graceful. Charlie seemed weirded out by the changes. He kept muttered something about must be a growth spurt shaking his head. I kept calling Jake on the phone to no avail I would give it one more week then I was going down there. The week went by slow. I had no distractions. People avoided me at school because they were used to the zombie. Now with my temper and growth spurt people feared me. The week was finally up and I decided it was time to head over to see Jacob. I went home made dinner and put it in the fridge. I left a note for Charlie telling him where I would be. I hopped in my truck and drove to La Push. My agitation growing with each mile. I pulled up in front of the black house and saw Billy peak through the window. I grimaced and waved at him. His eyes went wide upon seeing me. Obviously, he didn't think I would just show up here. I settled down to wait it out in my truck. Jake would have to leave or come home at some point. When he did he had some serious explaining to do. I tapped on my steering wheel in irritation. It wasn't long before there was a tap at my truck window. I turned and saw Jake. His hair was cropped short and he now was sporting a tattoo on his shoulder. He was wearing nothing but a pair of cut offs and sneakers. I flung my car door open and jumped out. I gasped as I saw how different he looked. "Jake..." I whispered. He didn't meet my eyes. "What are you doing here Bella?" He snapped. "I came to see you since you can't pick up a damn phone or let me know you're ok." I said angrily. "Go home Bella." He said. Pain lacing his voice. I crossed my arms and huffed. "No" I growled. "We can't be friends anymore Bella. I am not the same person." He said lifting his head and looking towards the trees. "BULLSHIT!" I growled clenching my fist. "Bells just go home. We can't be friends anymore."." He said again. "NO! I will not just go home. You PROMISED you wouldn't leave me. That you wouldn't hurt me like him." I shouted angrily. I wanted to punch him. I took several steps away from him shaking my head. He didn't say anything just hung his head again. "I am trying to keep from hurting you Bells. I am not safe for you anymore. I am not good. "." He said and I snapped. I feel to the ground painfully as my body convulsed the bones snapping. Jake gasped when he saw me. He looked like he was fighting himself. Part of him wanted to come to me. Part of him wanted to stay safely away. "Jake!" I cried out. Suddenly the pain stopped. My breathing was ragged and a whine escaped. Although it wasn't a human whine it was distinctly canine. I stood slowly and it felt weird. Jake was gaping at me like a fish out of water. "Bells?" He murmured. A howl wrenched through the air. I was very disorientated and confused. "Hang on." Jake said. He went behind a tree and I wondered where he was going. I looked down at the ground and another howl broke through the air as I noticed I wasn't looking at my feet but huge white paws. I also saw my clothes in pieces everywhere. What was happening to me?! Suddenly in my head I heard. Bella its Jake are you ok? What is happening to me! I thought panicked. I will explain that but first you need to calm down so you can phase back. He said. Another howl broke the silence as a russet wolf came through the trees. His eyes were so familiar. Jake? I gasped. The wolf nodded its head. You need to focus. Deep breaths. Think of something calming. He encouraged. I took deep breaths and thought of Jake. I thought of his smile. His laugh. All those days spent working in the garage with him. The wolf turned around. He walked back into the forest. I wondered why and then suddenly I was human again. I sighed in relief and then looked down and squeaked trying to cover myself as much as I could. "Leah is going to bring you some clothes." Jake said. "Leah?" I asked. "You'll see. I called her and she is on her way." I collected all my shredded piece of clothing while I waited. My sneakers were destroyed too. Damn I thought to myself. It was luck I needed a new wardrobe anyway thanks to the growth spurt. I curled into a ball trying to cover myself as much as possible. I was sure it wasn't long but it felt like an eternity. I heard a rustling in the trees then a tall woman with russet colored skin dark eyes and straight black hair to her shoulder. She had a bitchy look on her face. She was scowling at me. She handed me a pair of shorts and shirt. As soon as they were in my hands she was gone. I quickly got dressed and sighed in relief to be clothed. "I am dressed!" I called to Jake. He came out of the trees. He looked like he was in shock. He lifted his head and his eyes met mine. Suddenly Jake was the center of gravity. He was my sun. The look in his eyes matched mine. "Jake?" I asked shakily. "Can you explain now?" I said shaking my head again. "Let's go inside." He said. "Ok." I agreed. We made our way into the house. "Dad!" Jake called. "Yes son?" Billy asked rolling his wheelchair into the hallway. His mouth dropped open when he saw me. "Jake…" He said his voice laced with disapproval. "Dad listen I need you to call Sam get the pack here." He said. "Jacob Ephraim Black!" He said shocked. "How could you?! Do you have any idea what you have done?!" Billy said horrified that I was obviously in the know. "Dad just do as I say! I will explain it to everyone at once." Jake said his voice full of authority. I whimpered and bowed my head. Billy looked at me open mouthed. Then he wheeled off to the kitchen and got busy on the phone. Jake lead me into the living room and we sat on the couch. I sat next to him our shoulders touching. My legs draped over his. I felt awkward being barefoot and having nothing on but a shirt and shorts. I laid my head on his shoulder. My mind was racing. What was I? Did Edward know? Is that why he left? Was I the monster now? What would happen to Charlie? Was I safe? I would have to go shopping I also would have to make sure that I didn't shred anymore clothes or shoes. I thought about Alice what she would say if she was here. I could imagine her squeal of delight when I mentioned going shopping. Soon there was a knock at the door. It was a tight squeeze in the Blacks tiny living room. When everyone saw me some glared, some looked surprised, some looked curious. Everyone was murmuring excitedly. "QUIET!" Jacob commanded. Leah was there, Sam was there, Jared, and Embry were there, Seth and Paul. "Listen we have a new member in our pack." Jacob proclaimed. "What?!" Sam and several others exclaimed. "Who is it? Where are they? Why is Bella Swan here?" The pack questioned. "Bella is the new pack member that is why she is here. When I tried to tell, her we couldn't be friends, she phased. Our priority is getting Bella settled in the pack. Then we will figure out why and how she phased. Also, she is my imprint and I am hers she is now your alpha female she will deal with any female wolves and imprints. We clear?" He said. Everyone nodded. "Good. Sam, Paul, Embry go patrol. Leah, Seth, Jared go rest you have the next patrol. Sam before you leave call Emily and let her know that I am coming with Bella." Sam nodded and everyone headed out. "Jake, you still haven't explained anything. What's the pack? What am I? I am so confused. What's an imprint? Why am I the alpha female? What does that even mean?" I rushed out all the questions circling my head. He ran a hand down his face. "Do you remember the legend about the Quileute's?" He asked. I scrunched up my face and concentration. I thought back to that day on the beach. To the day I discovered the Cullen's secret. There are lots legends about where we come from. The Quileute's I mean. Some of them date back to the flood. Some of them say our ancestors tied canoes to the tops of trees to survive. Then there are some more recent legends. There are legends that we are descendent from wolves. Wolves are our brothers still. It's against tribal law to kill them. Then there are stories about the cold ones. He said his voice dropping low. The cold ones? I had asked. Yes. There are stories of the cold ones as old as the wolf legends, and some much more recent. According to the legend, my own great- grandfather knew some of them. He was the one that made the treaty that kept them off our land. He said rolling his eyes. Your great- grandfather? I had asked hoping he would keep going. He was a tribal elder, like my father. He was the last chief. You see, the cold ones are natural enemies of the wolf. Well not all wolves, but the wolves that turned into men like my ancestors. You would call them werewolves. Werewolves have enemies? I asked surprised Only one. And what are they? What are the cold ones? He smiled darkly. Blood drinkers he replied in a chilling voice. Your people call vampires. "I am a werewolf." I whispered my eyes wide. Jacob nodded. "How is that possible? I am not Quileute." I asked puzzled. "I don't know." He said brows furrowed. "Right now, though we need to get to Emily and Sam's. I need to start preparing you for your roll." He said. I nodded and we headed out the door. We took my truck. Jacob drove and held my hand the whole way. It was a tense silent ride. When we pulled up to a small cottage Jake squeezed my hand. "One thing before we go in." He said. "What?" I asked. "Don't stare at Emily it bugs Sam." He said before jumping out of the truck with a whoop. I jumped out of the truck and Jake grabbed my hand. We headed up to the door and there was a woman standing in the doorway smiling. I now knew why Jake had warned me not to stare. Half of her face and all down her arm was three angry red scares. It pulled the right side of her mouth into a permanent scowl. "Hello Bella, nice to meet you." She said kindly. "Jake." She said motioning for us to come in. "Hi Emily it's nice to meet you." I said giving her a smile. "So, what can I do for you?" Emily asked. Jake looked at me nervously. "Well, Bella just joined the pack and I need you to cut her hair." Jake said shooting an apologetic look my way. "Cut my hair? Why?" I asked. Jake ran his hand