Warning: This is slash fiction and while I adhered as closely as possible to the canon timeline and storylines obviously the same cannot be said for some of the relationships recounted herein. This story also departs from the popular interpretation of elven law and culture that purports that sexual intercourse automatically results in wedlock. Semantics being what it is, I thought that particular passage open to other interpretations. It could just as well have meant that elven marriage was validated by sexual consummation alone without need of a formal ceremony and the like. Hence the ability to forego rituals during times of crisis. This being fanfiction I thought it permissible to apply alternative interpretations of certain issues so long as I did not change characters, places, timelines and events beyond recognition or credibility. If the subject matter or this take on Prof. Tolkien's work offends or disturbs you or if any divergence from convention is not your cup of tea, then cease and desist. Go no further. But if you don't mind stepping a bit outside the bounds of those conventions, welcome aboard and I do hope you enjoy reading this story as much as I enjoyed writing it. Summary: An unforeseen meeting between two Elves changes their lives and hearts forever. Part One of the Chance Met Trilogy . A side story of The Captain's Guerdon (see Author's Note). Disclaimer: The characters belong to the wizard of storytelling himself, JRR Tolkien and/or his estate. No offense is intended or profit made in my use of them. Author's Note: I wrote Chance Met quite a while back. I did it as a lark, a way to unwind after concluding Greenleaf and Imladris , so there wasn't too much of a plot. To my surprise, it inspired a long story and also spawned two more ficlets which, with the first, formed a trilogy of sorts. For this reason, I decided to publish the three ficlets on this site as part of The Captain's Guerdon . As such, they will be posted in the order of their original publication. Think of them not as additional chapters but rather as side stories. Prelude: Chance Met by Eressë Rivendell, Narquelië-Ringarë T.A. 3018 Legolas felt his heart beat faster as he watched the two horsemen dismount. It was but two months since he'd last seen them but it had seemed like eternity, such was his longing to see them once more. Or at least, the one of them. He recalled with a shiver the first time he'd laid eyes on the twin sons of Rivendell's lord. It was on the eve of the fateful Council of Elrond. He was reluctantly making his way to the Hall of Fire after the feast honoring the Hobbit, Frodo Baggins. He'd taken only cursory notice of the assorted guests around him. Mithrandir and Aragorn he knew from their last visit to Mirkwood; his errand to Rivendell had much to do with that visit. But the others were strangers to him and so he had felt ill at ease during the feasting. It was then that he came upon two tall men, newly arrived and quietly so but not unmarked. Indeed, it was not possible for them to have slipped in unnoticed. Both carried themselves with fell grace, barely suppressed power radiating from their very beings. And both were beautiful beyond even the measure of Elves. They are Half-elves, Legolas suddenly realized upon closer inspection of the newcomers. Their leaf-shaped ears marked them as sprung from the Firstborn as did their lean yet muscular frames. Yet there was a solidity to their limbs and a broadness to their shoulders that hinted at blood other than pure elven in their veins. Just like Master Elrond. That's when Legolas comprehended that these were the fabled twin sons of the Lord of Rivendell. He stared at them with open interest. Their exploits were legendary; they were spoken of in Mirkwood with awe and respect. Riding far afield by themselves or with the Rangers of the North, they had explored nearly all of the north and had ventured as far south as Rohan and Gondor, always hunting down Orcs as they went with ruthless efficiency, never forgetting their mother's suffering at the hands of the creatures. It was said they had even journeyed into the hostile realms of Rhûn and Harad, mingling with those lands' people unrecognized, thus exceeding Aragorn in the extent of their travels. Even now it was evident that they had just returned from errantry. They were attired entirely in black, even to the leather bracers on their arms and their sturdy riding boots. Their midnight-hued mantles billowed around them with every whiff of the strong breeze that passed through the open corridor. They had bound their long raven tresses in thick single plaits in the manner of humans. Elrond and Aragorn were with them while Glorfindel stood close to one side. One of the twins began to speak with his father and foster brother in earnest. The other let his eyes sweep the corridor, a speculative gleam in their depths as he observed the various beings that either hastened to the Hall of Fire or lingered in their vicinity out of curiosity. Without warning, his gaze alighted on Legolas. The prince's breath caught under that silvery regard. His heart began to pound wildly, why he did not know. He did his best to return the gaze as steadily as possible. The twilight grey eyes considered him a while longer then turned away, releasing him abruptly from their spell. But not for long. The twin addressed his father and Elrond suddenly looked at Legolas. With a smile, he beckoned to the prince to approach. Legolas took a deep breath and obeyed. Once more the silvery gaze was upon him and he felt his heartbeat quicken. "My Lord," he murmured when he came to them. Elrond drew him closer to his sons. "This is Legolas of Mirkwood, Thranduil's youngest," the Elvenlord said. "Legolas, may I present my sons, Elladan and Elrohir." Elrohir. Elf-knight. Star-rider. Whichever meaning one chose to attach to the name, it suited him well. Legolas thought it most apt. As comely and bestirring as its owner, he mused distractedly. "We are honored to meet you, Legolas Thranduilion," Elladan said gravely. "And I, you," Legolas replied somewhat diffidently. He could not help the faint blush that touched his cheeks when Elrohir pinned him with his pewter gaze and said, "Welcome to Imladris, prince of Mirkwood. I trust you find our valley pleasing?" Legolas nodded, unable to respond upon hearing the Elf-lord's voice for the first time. Low, melodious, soothing in a strangely sensual way. Odd, it was not at all unlike his brother's yet the sound of his voice alone affected the archer deeply. 'What is happening to me?' Legolas confusedly wondered. At this point, Elrond bid Aragorn to join him in the Hall of Fire and the two departed. Immediately after, Glorfindel laid a hand on Elladan's arm. The older twin gave him a small smile, nodded and went with him in the direction of the residential wing of the house. That left Legolas alone, and nervously so, with the younger twin. "What brings you to Imladris?" Elrohir queried. "I bear a message from my father," Legolas replied. "His message must be urgent for him to have sent his own son," the Elf-warrior remarked. Legolas was startled by the other Elf's perceptiveness. He nodded in agreement. "Aye, it is," he admitted. The warmth in the twin's eyes encouraged him to be more forthcoming. "I had hoped to deliver it to your father in private but he has bidden me to attend the council tomorrow and speak of it then." Elrohir smiled slightly. The sight unsettled Legolas even further. He had not thought it possible for the twin to be any more comely. "As to that, there will be few secrets after the council, I wager," Elrohir commented. "Declare your errand tomorrow, my prince. Do not let the assembly cow you." "How did you—?" Legolas flushed. They'd only just been introduced and already Elrohir had discerned the reason behind his reserve. The twin's smile turned kind and understanding. "I know that you have seldom travelled beyond your realm's borders," he said. "'Tis natural that you should feel inhibited amongst so many strangers on this first trip to Imladris." Legolas smiled back shyly. "You are right, my lord," he started to say. "Elrohir." Legolas hesitated then obeyed. "Elrohir." He liked the way the name rolled off his tongue. "I had not thought to be surrounded by high lords and legends," he went on. "I confess I was not prepared." "Yet you are a prince of the Woodland Realm," Elrohir pointed out. "As much a high lord as any present here." Legolas felt his heart warm at the other's reassuring manner. "Thank you – Elrohir," he said. Again that unsettling smile. "Were you heading for the Hall of Fire?" the Elf-lord asked. "If so, I did not mean to keep you." The Mirkwood prince shook his head. "Not at all. Indeed, I was not certain of my course this evening but it seemed that everyone was going there..." He trailed off awkwardly. "And so you felt obliged to follow suit," Elrohir concluded for him. "Do not feel thusly, Legolas. If you would rather retire to your room you are free to do so. I imagine you would prefer the time to yourself before the council tomorrow." Legolas nodded in relief. "Aye, I would prefer that." He hesitated then dared to ask albeit shyly: "And you? Will you attend the council?" "In a manner of speaking." The Elvenlord held out his hand. Without thinking, Legolas held out his and found it clasped in a gentle yet powerful grip. "Good night then, Prince of Mirkwood. Until tomorrow," And then he was striding away to his own chamber leaving an utterly enthralled woodland prince to stare after him. oOoOoOo As Legolas made his way to the wide porch where the council would take place, he pondered how to convey the news he bore, wondered if he would be able to do it without flinching at Mithrandir and Aragorn's expected displeasure. As he came to the large arched door leading out to the porch, he peered out somewhat diffidently at the gathered assembly. Elves, Men and Dwarves mingled as they awaited the arrival of the Hobbits. Legolas sighed. He may have been a prince of the blood but he was also just a Wood-elf with no great experience in matters of such import. Drawing a resigned breath, he made to step out onto the open terrace when a hand clasped him by the shoulder, startling him. He sharply turned his head and found himself staring into Elrohir's silver-hued eyes. "I trust you slept well?" the twin inquired with a slightly amused smile. "Aye, the air of your valley seems to agree with me," Legolas replied, feeling a flutter of pleasure at seeing the Elf-knight again. He glanced behind Elrohir, noted Elladan seated on a bench half-hidden by the overhanging foliage that brightened the terrace. The older twin was speaking with Glorfindel and paid him no mind. He turned his attention back to Elrohir. "Last night," he impulsively said, "you mentioned attending the council... 'in a manner of speaking.' What did you mean by that?" Elrohir chuckled and said: "Ah, so you noticed that. You are observant, my prince." He smiled again as a blush stained the archer's cheeks. "Elladan and I will attend but few will mark our presence. We will not sit openly in council." "Why not?" Legolas asked perplexed. "'Tis easier to study others when they are unaware that they are being watched," Elrohir explained. "Our father will have need of this knowledge if his decisions are to be made wisely." Just then, Mithrandir appeared with the two Hobbits, Bilbo and Frodo, and Elrond went to greet them. While they spoke, Elrohir signed to