Warning: This is slash fiction and while I adhered as closely as possible to the canon timeline and storylines obviously the same cannot be said for some of the relationships recounted herein. This story also departs from the popular interpretation of elven law and culture that purports that sexual intercourse automatically results in wedlock. Semantics being what it is, I thought that particular passage open to other interpretations. It could just as well have meant that elven marriage was validated by sexual consummation alone without need of a formal ceremony and the like. Hence the ability to forego rituals during times of crisis. Personally, I find the concept of abstention from premarital sexual relations rather unrealistic for a race of immortal beings so passionate they rebelled against the Powers that be and defiantly went into exile over this, waged war against a Vala for several centuries as much on a point of honor as out of vengeance and knew desire to such a degree that some attempted abduction and/or coercive marriage to gain their ends. Besides, Middle-earth seems very much alike to a period in our world's history that was hardly known for moral or sexual rectitude, even among some members of the clergy (this is not meant to impugn the Church's reputation or integrity - it is just a historical fact) and I thereby wrote accordingly. This being fanfiction I thought it permissible to apply alternative interpretations of certain issues so long as I did not change characters, places, timelines and events beyond recognition or credibility. If the subject matter or this take on Prof. Tolkien's work offends or disturbs you or if any divergence from convention is not your cup of tea, then cease and desist. Go no further. But if you don't mind stepping a bit outside the bounds of those conventions, welcome aboard and I do hope you enjoy reading this story as much as I enjoyed writing it. Summary: Most bonds evolve with time. But a precious few begin at birth. Disclaimer: The characters belong to the wizard of storytelling himself, JRR Tolkien and/or his estate. No offense is intended or profit made in my use of them. Author's Note: The true date of Legolas' birth is unknown but there is an argument that he was born during or right after the Watchful Peace. This story takes off from that supposition. Sacred Bond By Eressë Chapter I: Advent Mirkwood, ethuil T.A. 2063 The silence of the once magnificent green wood was fraught with foreboding. But how could it not be when in its southwestern bound, evil had taken root and waxed with every passing year. Who or what wielded the power in Dol Guldur, not even the Wise knew for certain but, from this black-at-heart stronghold, pestilence to riddle the spirit and body flowed forth and darkened the lushness and verdancy of the greatest surviving forest left in Middle-earth. The brethren Elladan and Elrohir followed the elven path that would lead to the forest realm of the Silvan Elves of Mirkwood and the cavernous halls of their Sindarin king. They bore a message from their father, Elrond. That the lord of Imladris should send his own sons in lieu of a courier bespoke the woefully fractious relationship between his people and the Elvenking's. Only by sending the twins could Elrond be certain that his message would get to Thranduil at all. Such a move averted mistreatment of the messenger and ensured that the lines of communication would remain open between the reclusive folk of the woodland realm and the people of the hidden vale of Rivendell. It was a pity in these dark times that even amongst the fair folk such mistrust continued. But it was merely another far-reaching consequence of the last war against Sauron. One of many that had plagued all those who had joined the Last Alliance of Elves and Men and taken part in the battles that had brought the Second Age to a close. This rift between Thranduil and the other Elvenlords sprung from the ill-advised charge of the king's sire against Sauron in Mordor. The deaths of Oropher and a ghastly number of his people had brought to the fore the ever festering resentment of the Wood-elves that they were little more than fodder for slaughter in the eyes of their Noldorin allies. The perceived slowness of reaction to the news of the ongoing massacre of Oropher's ranks had only exacerbated the sores. It did not matter that it had been nigh impossible for Gil-galad to come to their aid in an instant. What mattered was that at the end of the war, the Silvan Elves of Greenwood the Great had returned to their forest home sans their king and the greater part of the army they had set out with. Since then, altercations had been wont to occur each time citizens of this kingdom came into contact with their kindred from other realms. Nothing so serious as kinslaying. But acerbic arguments, petty quarrels and the occasional brawl had been known to break out here and there when the more intemperate of either side met. Neither Thranduil nor his Eldarin counterparts condoned such hostile encounters. But there was little they could do once their respective subjects engaged in their tussles save to reprimand the instigators and give them due warning not to sully the honor of their realms again. Naturally, the miscreants would be chastened but there were always more to take their places and so the less than amiable encounters continued albeit never on a scale that would have led to the slitting of throats and outright war. The brethren were acutely aware of this state of affairs as they made their way along the shadowed path. Elladan never lowered the clenched fist he held up – symbol of their peaceful intentions. They had come not to fight but to parley on their father's behalf. The necessity for such outward displays became ever more acute when they espied the reluctant standing down of archers and warriors near hidden in the brush and treetops. Had there been the slightest trace of belligerence in the twins' manner, they would have been fortunate to arrive at Thranduil's halls unscathed. The Wood-elves would not have slain them – they were not evil creatures after all. But they would have had no compunction about inflicting a wound or two upon them if they deemed a lesson in courtesy needed to be taught. Their reception in the cavernous throne room was less threatening but noticeably stilted. Thranduil's sons Gilfaron and Denilos kept silent while their father went through the motions of welcoming the brethren. No word of warmth or hostility passed their lips. They were civil and well-mannered as was expected of them and that was all. But their sisters Tuilinniel and Celebrethil remained at a telling distance from the guests. Both eyed the twins with the faintest trace of suspicion. Neither Elladan nor Elrohir had anticipated anything more or less from the royal brood. Thranduil swiftly perused the missive Elrohir had handed him. Now he glanced up, one golden eyebrow rising in question. "If I am to allow the Wandering Companies safe passage through my realm, what guarantee have I that they will not instigate trouble with my people?" he coolly inquired. Elladan glanced warily at his brother. It was not surprising that Thranduil was not too enthusiastic about permitting these nomadic Elves access to his woods. The most recent encounter between the Wood-elves and members of one of these companies had been far from pleasant. Not that anyone had actually misbehaved in any way. But trouble had a way of insinuating itself into a situation when the protagonists were all too willing to find fault with the other. It had been a border dispute about whether the Mirkwood Elves had the right to police just so much acreage of land beyond the northern bounds of the forest. But tempers had flared swiftly and the opposing groups had nigh come to blows save for the timely intervention of the Elvenking himself. Now Elrond was requesting passage through Mirkwood for these same Elves - trespassers in the eyes of the Wood-elves. Still, it was a reasonable request. The Imladrin lord was not asking for anything more than that the Mirkwood folk permit the Wandering Companies to take the relatively safe and secure elven paths that cut through the middle of the forest. There would be no contact at all with the citizens of the Woodland Realm except for accidental ones. "Gildor Inglorion sends his apologies for that regrettable incident between his people and yours, my king," Elladan carefully replied. "He has given his word that his folk will never venture from the tracks or approach any Elves of this realm." "Gildor's word is true, my lord," Elrohir added softly. "You may trust him in this." Thranduil regarded the twins somberly. He was not well acquainted with the son of Inglor but Elrond did not vouch for the honor or veracity of others lightly. What Elrohir had meant but had not said was that the Elvenking could trust Elrond's word implicitly. He sat back on his throne, eyes flicking from one advisor or warrior to another, silently questioning them. The brethren quietly awaited Thranduil's decision on the matter. They knew the king's counsellors and captains would oppose the request. But Thranduil was known to have a mind of his own and one seldom influenced that easily by others save perhaps for his wife and children. If he allowed his council some say in the matter, it was out of the courtesy due their positions in his court and not because he was beholden to them or in their thrall. While they listened to the arguments for and against the proposal, they endured the scrutiny to which they were always subjected whenever they set foot in this cloistered realm. It was not surprising that they should be studied so avidly. After all they were Peredhil. To mortal eyes, they did not look any different from the rest of their kindred and indeed, even amongst the Firstborn, few troubled to make any distinctions. Only the most observant of men noted the slightly broader shoulders, the wider chests, the more solid limbs that denoted their half-elven ancestry. But scarcely any realized that their features were also subtly dissimilar to most Edhil . Their eyes were more striking, their lips fuller and more sinuous and their skin was of a glowing alabaster that was certainly fairer than mortal flesh yet not as white as other Elves. But they were no less graceful or swift or agile than their full-blooded counterparts. True, they were not as keen-sighted or impossibly sharp of hearing but they were, on the other hand, quicker of wit and further in foresight than many an ellon or male Elf. And they were stronger. The strength that simmered unseen within their deceptively slender forms was far more than was normal for the Firstborn. In them the primal vigor of the Edain mingled potently with the ageless power of the Eldar. They were both earthy and ethereal, evincing their dual heritage in both form and manner. And they were beautiful. That was one undeniable fact about Elrond's sons. They were surpassingly comely and possessed of a sensuality that was generally muted in pure-bloods. They were coveted in every elven realm from Lothlórien to the Grey Havens. Were it not for the present reserve between the Greenwood folk and Rivendell, it was highly likely Thranduil's people would have been smitten as well. A long-winded advisor was finally ending his diatribe against the less-than-constant Noldor of Imladris when a distraught Elf-woman burst into the chamber. She ran straight to Thranduil and flung herself on the floor before him. "My lord! The queen is in labor!" she wailed. "The healers fear for her and the babe!" Thranduil paled and leaped to his feet. "Nay, 'tis not possible," he exclaimed. "She is