Warning: I first posted this series two years ago and it is currently archived in other sites. I hesitated to post it here due to its sexual content and orientation. Therefore, please heed this warning : This is slash fiction with a smattering of het and many parts carry an M rating This story also departs from the popular interpretation of elven law and culture that purports that sexual intercourse automatically results in wedlock. Semantics being what it is, I thought that particular passage open to other interpretations. It could just as well have meant that elven marriage was validated by sexual consummation alone without need of a formal ceremony and the like. Hence the ability to forego rituals during times of crisis. Personally, I find the concept of abstention from premarital sexual relations rather unrealistic for a race of immortal beings so passionate they rebelled against the Powers that be and defiantly went into exile over this, waged war against a Vala for several centuries as much on a point of honor as out of vengeance and knew desire to such a degree that some attempted abduction and/or coercive marriage to gain their ends. Besides, Middle-earth seems very much alike to a period in our world's history that was hardly known for moral or sexual rectitude, even among some members of the clergy (this is not meant to impugn the Church's reputation or integrity - it is merely a statement of a historical fact) and I thereby wrote accordingly. P This being fanfiction I thought it permissible to apply alternative interpretations of certain issues so long as I did not change characters, places, timelines and events beyond recognition or credibility. If any divergence from convention is not your cup of tea, then cease and desist immediately. Go no further. But if you do not mind stepping a bit outside the bounds of those conventions, welcome aboard and I do hope you enjoy reading this series as much as I enjoyed writing it. Summary: The twins and Legolas' first encounter in Greenwood the Great leads to a close and lasting friendship. Disclaimer: The characters belong to the wizard of storytelling himself, JRR Tolkien and/or his estate. No offense is intended or profit made in my use of them. Author's Note: In the writing of the series, I seldom consulted sources outside of the three main books – The Silmarillion , The Hobbit and LotR – because I found the surfeit of details rather tortuous and sometimes even contradictory. But for the very occasional foray into the other publications, I used The Peoples of Middle-earth , The Book of Lost Tales , The Shaping of Middle-earth , The Lost Road , Morgoth's Ring and LACE . Meldir: At First Sight by Eressë Chapter I Eryn Galen, laer T.A. 234 Morning dawned bright and golden on the High Pass in the Misty Mountains, the main passageway over the towering peaks to the lands east of the range. Following the route, a party of twelve travelers on horseback slowly made its way. Cloaked in grey, their heads hooded, they might have been mistaken for ordinary Men but for their slenderness and the exceptional grace with which they bore themselves even upon their steeds. As the morning lengthened and the sun grew warmer, they pulled back their hoods, revealing the long locks and leaf-shaped ears that marked them as altogether nonhuman. They were Elves from the hidden vale of Rivendell. Elrond Peredhel glanced at his wife and sons. The Lord of the fabled elven-refuge sat tall and proud upon his steed. He was of an unusual comeliness born of his extremely mixed heritage. Maiarin, Elven and Mannish blood mingled in his veins with potent results. None could dispute the wisdom in his eyes or the battle-honed lines of his warrior's body and limbs. His obsidian mane and grey eyes spoke of Noldorin forebears, in striking contrast to his exquisite wife, Celebrían, whose silvery hair and azure gaze made her seem almost unreal. The heiress of the Golden Wood carried herself with a cool elegance that frequently misled many into thinking her aloof and unsocial. Yet in truth the mistress of Imladris was a kindly soul with a wicked sense of humor and a probing mind. She had been gently raised in Lórien, sheltered for the most part from the vicissitudes of life in these uncertain days. She was knowledgeable about them as any intelligent being would be but she had rarely experienced them herself. Her doting husband had continued what her parents had wrought, taking care to shield her as they had done. Thus, there was an innocence about her that belied her innumerable elven years. They were journeying with their sons and several members of their household to the Woodland Realm in Greenwood the Great. The visit to the kingdom of Thranduil, lord of the Silvan Elves of Eryn Galen, was an unprecedented event. For so long had the Sindarin king held aloof from the other Elf-lords, distrustful of their Noldorin connections, his dislike exacerbated by the role played by their last High King in the deaths of his father, Oropher, and a heartbreaking number of Wood-elves during the war of the Last Alliance of Elves and Men against the Dark Lord Sauron in the last age. Not even his kinsman, Celeborn, Lord of Lórien, had managed to broker a diplomatic relationship between Greenwood and Rivendell or his own realm. Thranduil was as suspicious of Celeborn's Noldorin wife, Galadriel, as he was of Elrond. But Elrond had persevered and the two Elves had finally met the preceding year just before winter closed the passes of the Misty Mountains. The Peredhel had succeeded in thawing the Elvenking to the extent of eliciting an invitation from said monarch to pay an extended visit to his kingdom the following summer with his entire family. Elrond had not wasted any time in organizing the trip. He did not care to jeopardize the chance of an alliance with the Woodland Realm by giving Thranduil enough time to repent of his actions and rescind the hard-won invitation. He'd struggled, however, over the prospect of bringing his sons, debating endlessly with his wife about all the things that could go wrong with the twins around. Though in their nineties and past the age of majority, Elladan and Elrohir were still proving more than a handful to their oft beleaguered parents, teachers and most of the members of Elrond's household. But their mother had firmly insisted that they come along. Thranduil had invited the whole family. Would Elrond have him think there was something so dreadfully wrong that he would leave his sons behind? Celebrían looked fondly at the twins. They were so much alike in appearance that they were oft mistaken as identical. Yet there were differences between the brothers both in their physical features and their personalities. They were tall and lean but with the slight tendency towards broader shoulders and meatier limbs that was a legacy of their sire's human ancestry. Both were exceedingly fair of countenance for they were equal parts their father and mother. Their coloring was distinctly Elrond's and so they were raven-haired and grey eyed. But the blackness of Elladan's mane was softened by the faintest hint of brown and his eyes were lighter and tinged with blue, a trait inherited from their fair-haired mother in whose veins Vanyarin blood flowed as strongly as Noldorin. Elrohir's locks, on the other hand, were of an unusual blue-black and his eyes were purest grey akin to the color of twilight right before the stars emerged; some even swore that they seemed almost silvery. Their differences in personality were less subtle than their physical dissimilarities. Elladan was the warmer, friendlier twin; the one who met and made friends with ease and speed. Elrohir was cooler and more cautious yet when he finally made up his mind as to someone's worth was then fiercely loyal and protective. Elladan was diplomatic as a matter of course. As a rule, he would sooner bite his tongue than straightly utter anything offensive unless, of course, he completely detested someone and therefore considered it a waste of time being polite. Elrohir could be diplomatic if he put his mind to it and if it was absolutely necessary to be so. Indeed, he could be as effective as the oiliest courtier if he thought it worth his effort. But he was more often painfully frank in his opinions especially in the case of fools or blackguards. The twins were masters at getting what they wanted. But while Elladan preferred to cajole his way into achieving his desire and could probably charm a scorpion into stinging itself to death, Elrohir relied on the sheer force of his personality and was more apt to bend others to his will. Only those for whom he held the highest regard escaped being subjected to such handling. Both brothers were high-spirited and adventurous. Rivendell may have been founded as a refuge by their father but there were times when the members of Elrond's household wondered if they needed refuge of another sort from his twin sons. Evil had no place in their makeup or malice or the need to torment others. But mischievous they could be and usually were and therefore mayhem oft followed in their wakes. It was common wisdom in Imladris that when the twins were up to no good, it was better to be far, far away. Like at the Grey Havens for instance. In one particular matter were they already gaining quite a reputation and a disreputable one at that. Their carnal appetites had developed earlier than most Elves and hardly had they attained their majority when they had began to indulge it far more diligently than was considered normal for the average male Elf. This unusual predilection was ascribed to their half-elven heritage though it was also pointed out that Elrond had never been promiscuous as his sons promised to be. In all this, Elladan was considered the more restrained of the two. For though initially aloof and wary in any first encounter, Elrohir was very difficult to rein in once he wanted someone or something. Elladan was less guarded yet at the same time also less passionate about people and things. The depths of Elrohir's feelings, once plumbed, were almost bottomless. "Just how important is this visit, Ada ?"—Papa—Elladan asked, breaking his mother's line of thought. The question reminded the Elven couple that they had not fully briefed their sons on the significance of the visit, caught up as they had been in preparing for it. "I would call it a coup, ion nín "—my son—Elrond replied. "Considering how much Thranduil detested the Noldor, this invitation of his is nothing short of a miracle. I have no doubts that were Oropher still alive, such a thing would not come to pass. We must count it a most opportune blessing that Thranduil is more farseeing and practical than his father ever was." "But is an alliance with the Wood-elves all that necessary? With the Dark Lord overthrown, what is there to fear?" Elrond shook his head. "We overthrew Sauron but we did not utterly defeat him," he pointed out. "Isildur ensured that when he did not destroy the One Ring as we had counseled him. The ring may be lost but it is not unmade. Until that comes to pass, I do not believe it wise to relax our guard. Already, many of our people have left these lands. We are no longer as numerous as we were in the last age. Only in unity with our remaining kin will we find the strength to withstand what the years to come may bring. 'Tis well that Thranduil perceived the advantages of forging an alliance with us. He, too, seeks to secure the future of his people." "Did you know him well?" Elrohir inquired. "Well enough. He lived in Lindon for a while, south