Hello again. It's been a long time since my last story. RL got a bit crazy since then with a new baby and going back to school but I finally got back into the swing of things. The original idea for this story came years ago from a dance on So You Think You Can Dance set to If It Kills Me by Jason Mraz. If you haven't seen it, google it! It's one of my favorites, beautifully done. The rest of my inspiration (and the title) came from Sam Smith's song Not In That Way. If you are not listening to Sam Smith, you should be. Seriously, his whole album is amazing. This story begins in EPOV but there are a few chapters in BPOV as well. This story is looking to be around 25 chapters and is only a chapter or two shy of complete so there should be no long breaks in posting. I'm planning on a Mon, Wed, Fri posting schedule. So, that's that. All mistakes are my own and unfortunately for my bank account, I do not own Twilight. I just play with the pieces. Chapter 1 "I'd never ask you Cause deep down I'm certain I know what you'd say You'd say I'm sorry Believe me I love you But not in that way" Not In That Way- Sam Smith June 2014- EPOV "You're seriously not going? I thought for sure you would change your mind." "No, Alice, I'm not going. I've told you, I've told her, I've told everyone." I exhaled loudly and pinched the bridge of my nose, feeling a headache coming on. Arguing with my sister always tended to give me one. "But, but, she's your best friend. You have to go!" "I know who she is and I'm still not going. I don't have to do anything." Alice glared at me, her arms folded defiantly across her chest. She looked like an angry kitten in a formal dress. "Bella is getting married and she needs your support, Edward." "I can't support this, Alice. I've already had this discussion with her so I'm not sure what you're hoping to accomplish." Alice's facial expression went from a look of anger to one of disappointment. It didn't matter. Her disappointment paled in comparison to the disappointment I felt with myself. I was disappointed that I was too much of a coward to go after what I wanted. Disappointed that I'd become so wrapped up in my own pain that I couldn't support my oldest and best friend on the biggest day of her life. Disappointed that my absence would most assuredly cause her some pain and confusion but I didn't know what else to do. "I can't believe you could be such an asshole! You don't have to like him but you can respect her decisions and be there for her!" Alice was seething. "Darlin' that's enough," Alice's boyfriend, Jasper, spoke up, coming to stand next to Alice. "Yelling at the man isn't going to change his mind. Why don't you go and help Bella and I'll be along in a few minutes." Alice glared at me one last time before giving Jasper a light kiss and walking out the door. She assumed I was acting out of protest. Everyone did. It was no secret that I didn't care for James, Bella's fiancé. I thought he was an arrogant asshat. Bella deserved much better and I knew, deep down in my gut, that he was going to break her heart sooner than later. It also bothered me that she wasn't herself around him, instead she was this carefully crafted ideal of herself. She was a living façade and this marriage was a disaster waiting to happen. What Alice, or anyone else for that matter, didn't realize was that it wasn't just a protest. More than anything, my refusal to attend the wedding of my best friend was an act of survival. Just knowing that the marriage was taking place in a matter of hours caused an unbearable pain in my chest. Standing there and actually watching her exchange vows with that piece of shit would be more than I could handle. Jasper came and sat next to me on the couch. "So man, what's really goin' on?" "I just think she's making a mistake." "Don't bullshit me, Edward. There's something a little deeper going on here." "Geez, you get one psychology degree and you think you know everything huh?" I said, attempting to deflect his questioning. "Yup, that's what the PhD means. Now quit trying to change the subject. You can talk to me, man. I think you need to talk to someone. We can keep it just between us, doctor patient confidentiality and all that jazz." "You're not my doctor." "No," he said with a small smile, "don't mean I can't keep a secret though. Pretty good at it actually. Part of the job and all that. So, what's the real reason you're sitting here wallowing in booze and self-pity instead of going to the wedding." I took a large sip of the beer I'd been holding and set it down on the coffee table before taking a large breath and exhaling. "I love her, Jazz." It was the first time I'd said it aloud but it didn't lessen the pain any. "Thought as much," he replied matter-of-factly. "I just…I can't be there, man. I can't watch her marry someone else. Just the idea of it shatters my soul but to stand there and watch it happen, to pretend I support it? I just can't. I don't think I'd ever recover." "How long?" Jasper asked. I had to think about it for a minute. It wasn't as though there was one exact moment where I'd woken up and decided to fall in love with the girl I'd known since second grade. I'd always loved her but those feelings had evolved from a friendly platonic love to something much deeper over the last several years. "I don't know. I think I've always loved her but I guess I first realized it in college." "Jesus man, that long?" There was a momentary break in his Dr. Whitlock persona as Jasper resurfaced but he quickly snapped back to the more professional, psychologist mode. "Why do you think you never told her?" "It would make things weird. It would change our relationship forever." "Isn't that the point?" he asked. "Yes and no. Just because I want something doesn't mean she feels the same. Hell, it's obvious she doesn't feel the same. She's never even hinted at it and now she's marrying someone else so that's a pretty big indicator. Me telling her would just make things awkward and strained, especially now. I'd rather have her in my life as a friend than not have her in my life at all." "Ok, I get that, but are you really just going to pine after her forever and make yourself miserable?" "Look Jazz," I said, grabbing my beer and finishing it off. "It's not like I haven't tried to move on. I've gone out on dates, I've had girlfriends. It just never works out." "Because you're in love with someone else?" Jazz interrupted. I exhaled loudly. "Look, if I thought for one second that she felt anything more than friendship for me, I would confess everything to her but she just doesn't feel that way about me and I'm not going to make it weird between us." "But you are. By refusing to attend her wedding, you are making it weird. She doesn't understand why. All she knows is that you aren't there for her and she may not forgive you for it. Your relationship may not survive this anyways so what have you got to lose?" Not knowing how to answer his question, I simply didn't respond. Instead, I rose from the couch headed to the kitchen and grabbed two beers. I opened one and chugged close to half of it before heading back to the living room and offering the other to Jasper. He waved it away, politely refusing my offer. I simply shrugged and finished off the open bottle before cracking open the other. "You know what I think?" Jasper asked, watching me intently. "I think it's easier for you to lose her like this than to confess your feelings and be rejected. Now you can say you lost her because she was mad at you rather than risk hearing her say that she doesn't love you in that way." "Fuck you!" I snarled. "You think I haven't already been rejected? You think I wasn't rejected the moment she agreed to marry that asshole? Or that I wasn't rejected each and every time she went out with some new guy and then came home and told me all about it? I'm not afraid of rejection. I'm afraid of losing her completely." "Yes, but you haven't actually heard the words from her own lips yet and I think that scares the shit out of you." "You think I never thought about it? You think I never wanted to tell her? Of course I did but it's not that easy. We've been friends for twenty years. Twenty years, Jasper! She is practically all I know. I can't risk that. I won't risk that." "Alright, alright but sometimes we have to risk everything to get what we really want." I was ready to be done with this conversation. "Don't you have a wedding to go to? Jasper smiled and stood, taking the hint. "Yes, I guess I do. You gonna be ok here?" He gave me a long careful look as though he was debating whether I was a danger to myself. "Jesus Christ, I'm drunk and depressed but not suicidal, Jazz. Go on." "Ok, but you call me if you need to." "Sure, sure," I said as he headed for the door. "Oh, Jazz," I called out just as his hand turned the doorknob. "If you say anything to anyone, especially Alice…" I trailed off. He knew my sister well enough to know that she couldn't keep a secret to save her life, especially something like this. "Not my secret to tell, man. Still think you should tell Bella, though." I couldn't help but laugh. "Little late for that don't you think?" "Never too late, man. Never too late to tell someone how you feel." With that, he was out the door, leaving me to wallow in my own self-pity. I attempted to watch a little TV but nothing could hold my attention and cable seemed to conspire against me as every show or commercial that came on had to deal with weddings or declarations of love. I finally couldn't take anymore and shut the damn thing off. The silence was no better. The clock was ticking away loudly and with each moment that went by I couldn't help but imagine what Bella was doing at that moment. I pictured her sitting in front of a mirror having her hair done as she sipped a small glass of champagne to calm her pre wedding jitters. I could see her laughing and smiling with Alice, her brother's wife, Rosalie, and both of our mothers. But, it was the image of her slipping into a beautiful white dress that finally brought me to tears. I pulled myself from the couch and stumbled into my bedroom, heading straight for the back of the closet. There I pulled out the small box I kept on the highest shelf and tucked it under my arm before heading back to the living room. I put some quiet music on the stereo to combat the stifling silence and sat back on the couch, box in hand. As I lifted the lid, I was immediately struck with a tidal wave of memories. The box contained the pictures I'd gathered over the last twenty years, mostly of Bella and me. There were pictures of us standing