A/N: Thank you for reading. If you find any mistakes please tell me. Thank you to the marvellous Aeterna Knight for beta reading this monstrosity. She will be checking chapters as she can so do not be surprised to hit unbeta'd mess. Constructive Criticism is love. I hope you enjoy. Edward Granger was a very typical English man. Like his father before him, he firmly believed that his home was his castle. The intrusion of his daughter Hermione brought chaos to his ordered life and home. Even once she had finished disrupting her mother's practice she wasn't a normal child. From the day she started nursery Hermione disrupted his life atypically and unacceptably. Edward believed that children should be seen and not heard. He did not believe that every teacher Hermione had should find it necessary to call Lucy and him in to meet with them. He found it unacceptable that his daughter should be either incapable or unwilling to develop friendships with children her own age. The only thing Edward felt could be said for the child was at least she was now quiet about her more offensive abnormalities. As an infant that disorder had broken her mother's heart and nerves. If those people hadn't been so secretive he would have got rid of the child back then when they gave her back. The ginger truce that made life bearable at the Granger's was broken on 1st June. Breakfast was disturbed by a massive owl flying through their window and dropping a letter on Hermione's plate. The child immediately paled and began babbling apologies and promises at that she hadn't done anything freakish. Lucy left the table shaking. "Well, open it. Let us find put what you've done this time." Edward ground out. With shaking hands she pulled the letter open and quickly scanned the contents. "It's a summons to be examined. One of them will be here a 9 o'clock to collect me." Edward breathed a sigh of relief when her adoption had fallen through one of those people had told them that she would examined at 10 or 11 and they would never have to see her again. "Go get dressed." Edward ordered cheerfully. The girl stared at him shocked to see such an attitude directed at her until he enforced the order with the back of his hand. Hermione reached the top of the stairs holding a small bag of essentials she thought her father would let her take with her as the door bell rang. Edward Granger yanked the door open and scowled out at the motherly woman standing on the door step. "Good morning, Mr Granger." The woman said in a warm tone. "I'm Madame Entwhistle. I'm here to take your daughter to her selection exam. It's-" "We know what it's for." Edward growled. "You've excepted the brat into one of your schools. It doesn't matter which; the misbegotten runt's your responsibility now." He turned aside to bellow at Hermione letting her see Madame Entwhistle's shocked face. "Get! I want you out this house!" Hermione ran down the stairs as fast as she dared but Edward didn't seem to think she was fast enough, grabbing her arm and throwing her bodily from the house. The door slammed behind her and Madame Entwhistle's white face looked down at her. "Sorry, ma'am." Hermione apologised pulling herself to her feet and picking up the bag. "Oh my-" Madame Entwhistle's discomfort showed despite her efforts and she quickly changed her sentence. "Look at the time. We're going to be late for your exam." She wrapped one strong hand tightly around Hermione's upper arm and pointed her wand at a brass button. After a moment in a sickening multicoloured twister they were standing in front of an ornate Tudor building. Madame Entwhistle kept her grip of Hermione's arm and walked quickly through the building to a grand hall laid out as an exam room. Her heels clacked against the floorboards as she stalked through the room looking for Hermione's name. She came to abrupt stop and turned around. "Put your bag down under the table. I will come and take you to the Boarding House after your exam." Hermione nodded sitting in the indicated chair and wondering what Madame Entwhistle had meant by the Boarding House. Madame Entwhistle left as quickly as she had entered without a backward glance. Sighing to herself Hermione picked up the feathered quill on her desk, she boggled at the sight of it but noted the parchment of her previous correspondence with this world. In neat round letters she began filling her name, date of birth and parents out on each of the five bound parchment booklets on her desk. It took a long time for the hall to fill and for stern women to come to the front to call order. One of the women picked up a pile of parchment scrolls with clacking heels she walked up and down the rows of desks placing two scrolls in on each desk as the other woman cleared her throat. "As you know this is an important day." The woman still at the front began. Her voice was shrill and rapid. "Today all muggle raised children from the England, Ireland, Scotland and Wales due to enter schooling in September of this year must sit their Basic Aptitude Tests. "All of you sitting in this room already have a guaranteed place at your national school but the result of the tests you sit today will decide whether you will be one of the lucky few to get a place at either the prestigious Ogma Scoil na Draíochta agus Luibheanna, or Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry." The woman said. "There are three exams, each of the exams will take three hours and are worth seven points, we will take breaks no longer than 15 minutes between papers to collect papers. At no point during the examination period are you permitted to speak. You will receive an owl on the 1st July with your individual and total BAT scores and into which school you have been placed." The woman at the front waited until the other woman joined her before lifting a large brass hourglass. She said, "You have until the sand runs out to complete the scrolls entitled Reading, Writing and Arithmetic. We will then take a break of no more than 15 minutes before handing out the special pens you will need to complete you Genealogy paper. We will break again to collect your exams before beginning you General Knowledge paper. Does anyone have any questions?" The sound of nervous breathing echoed through the room but no one raised their hand. "Then we shall begin." And she turned the hour glass returning it to the table with a thump that made grains of sand tumble down. It was a relief for Hermione to quiet her raging thoughts and worries about what would happen to her by losing herself in the papers. The first paper, for despite the three separate booklets and two scrolls it clearly stated the it was one combined test of basic reading, writing and arithmetic, was no worse than her elven plus. The Arithmetic paper was easy with thankfully no need for the log tables she had started using this year and the reading was no worse than her eleven plus had been but the essay question for writing was unusual. 'What are the most important things the Ministry must consider when contacting Muggleborns? Make reference to the Statute of Secrecy and Muggleborn Protection Act' it asked. Hermione raised her head and stared at the hourglass. The Statute of Secrecy was obviously a law that prevented wizards from revelling their magic but she doubted most of the people here would have even heard of the Muggleborn Protection Act let alone what it was, she only vaguely remembered mentions of it when her incidents of freakish behaviour called a member the Improper Use of Magic Office out and her parents tried yet again to give her back. A third of the sand remained in the hour glass, absently she doodled around the words 'exposure' and 'duty of care'. Shaking her head and dropping her eyes back to the parchment she began to quickly draft her argument. With the first test done there was a pause for the papers to be collected, new parchment and the special quills placed on their desks. The pause wasn't silent filled with the clack of the women's shoes, fidgeting children and the soft clatter of scrolls being placed on desks. When both women had returned to the front of the cavernous hall the same woman as before picked up the hourglass and turned it, "Begin." She said. Opening the scroll Hermione looked at the neat boxes she was obviously supposed to fill in and wondered what the point of family tree was and how she was to spend three hours filling one out. Putting the point of quill on the parchment she began to fill in the first box find herself unable to continue with her name until she provided her middle name. As the boxes filled it became easier names of relatives she was sure she had never heard of flowing onto the scroll with no sense of the passage of time or thought for her cramping hand. It was a surprise to be interrupted by a bell and one of the woman yelling, "Stop." Quills clattered on to desks at her command and the two women stalked around the room one placing new booklets and scrolls on their desks, the other collecting the special scrolls and scrolls. "Begin," the hourglass turned again and there was a rustle as booklets opened and scrolls unwound. The last paper was in many ways the least strange of all, it was concerned with Merlin, unicorns and dragons. With some deductive and inductive logic Hermione felt she had correctly answered all the questions. Her stomach was growling as the bell rang again and the women stalked the rows for a final time. Only when every paper and quill was collected did they let them leave the room. Hermione was tired, hungry and her wrist cramped from writing so much with an unfamiliar implements without the distraction of exams she was worrying about what would happen to her again as she shivered, her too thin blouse no match for the bitterly cold wind now the sun had set, in the foyer waiting for Madame Entwhistle to stride up to her. She was the last person still there when Madame Entwhistle finally arrived. "I've arranged a place for you to stay." she said walking up to Hermione. "Take my hand and make sure you don't let go." The moment Hermione took her cold clammy hand a crushing sensation enveloped her ripping the building from her site. When she could see again a worn Victorian terrace was in front of her. Madame Entwhistle marched up the stairs and knocked on the faded blue door. The woman who opened it looked kind but firm. She ignored Madam Entwhistle to talk Hermione. "Hello Miss Granger. You are our first new resident of the year and will be staying the nursery until your eleventh birthday. "The Ministry pays a stipend of 2 galleons a year to your guardian. I take 1 galleon board and hold your remaining galleon for you until you turn 15. "You need to make that money stretch to school uniform and books as well as normal clothes." She took a look at Hermione's small backpack. "I bet you don't have a change if clothes in there." "No, ma'am," Hermione said. "My name is Mistress Mallory," She replied. "Come along we'll break into my emergency stash." The hand that held Hermione's was warm and firm this time. She gently pulled her into a warm house. All the furniture was old but well cared for and clean. They went into an office with an amour