DISCLAIMER: I do NOT, under any circumstances, take claim of any character mentioned in this fictional work that is clearly the property of J.R.R Tolkien, or that of Peter Jackson's vision of his work. However, I do claim the idea of this story, and what happends. Yes, people, I'm THAT good! (JK) BTW: I want to SEVERLY apologize to all my GW reviewers that were reading 'Fight For Love And Freedom'. I know that I haven't updated in almost two years? Yeah... WOW, it's a long story, a very LONG story, but again, I'm sorry, but I DO however plan to continue it. IF there is anyone still interested. (I miss it so much!) Synopsis: Aragorn is afraid to come out of the closet, and knowing that he wants the prince of Mirkwood, he goes off with Arwen instead. However, this doesn't stop him from having a love affair with Legolas in the woods! A/N: Merry Christmas Lily! A Morning after a Storm The breeze that rustled the soft, opaque curtains hanging about the perimeter of the bed caressed him with the silence of tender worriment. As if it could hear the cries from his heart, and the startle of his peaceful slumber that occurred every night since the day of his coronation. Ever since that day, he couldn't sleep a peaceful night without heavy drinking to obliterate all dreams and emotions from his wandering mind; or perhaps, those nefarious thoughts of engaging in provocative situations with someone other than, "Arwen?" As always, the splendor beside him never awoke to the distress signals of his routine sleeping disorder, and remained caught within the web of her own subconscious thoughts. Aragorn smiled, she was always very enjoyable to look at. Her tendrils of auburn hair lied in waves about the soft pillows, sheets and her soft, creamy toned body as she slept. While her dramatically long, sensual lashes kissed rosy cheeks and hooded the brightest of blue eyes. Eyes that would see right through him if he ever allowed himself to acknowledge the fact that she was everything he had never wanted. He smiled sardonically and softly placed a kiss to her exposed temple before gallingly rising from her side, feeling so awake that he felt a need to start his day even if it were still the eve of the early night. However, no one in their right mind would be awake at this hour, so he would either surrender to his nightmares or benefit from the independence of solitude. Of course, at this point, he would gladly choose the latter. Goosebumps rose against his skin; the cleansing chill of the night invading the warmth of his soft, light robes as he continued out into this shadowed world. Bare feet touched the soft, mossy covered steps of the always beautiful city of Rivendell until it had given away to the smooth stones of a nearby river's shore. The sound of it, the look of it made Aragorn sigh in melancholy. How beautiful and peaceful it was, even after so long in running and never changing in any other direction, in its placement or even in its celestial beauty. Just like…him. He who probably slept without the haunting dreams of visions for another, who held lovingly, and intimately the figure in which he adored with no doubt, or regret. Not so like him, who was standing out alone in the light of only the moon seeking comfort in the solitude of a chilly night, instead of lying beside his wife, Arwen, of whom he thought he once loved, but never truly, did. No, perhaps he did, but never in the ways in which he wanted to love Legolas. Yes, he found himself wanting that blonde nymph more with every passing night, when his mind could be free to roam wondrous places with him, such as that electric, white heat of that ultimate peak of unbelievable ecstasy. He feared to sleep simply because the very idea took him over so vividly, the way Legolas's body heat felt as if it were going to set him up in flames, the ways in which their bodies tumbled together, caressed each other with the same sensual idea. It was all maddening! "Yes, and who in their right mind would ever dare to want such a perverse, distraught old man like you, who thinks of nothing but another MAN when he has a beautiful wife! You should be happy that you at least have her, and yet all the more ashamed because you can't find yourself to be happy or appreciative of anything you have until you have what you SELFISHLY desire first!" Aragorn turned away from his reflection disgusted with his words of confession, feeling more alone and lost now that he accepted the fact that he wanted the elf. Wanted him in every way he couldn't possibly want another. But, would he have the courage to confront him with the possibility that Legolas would never accept him? "Aragorn…?" The flustered man turned, and nearly felt himself release a breathless sigh as he spotted the subject of his current thoughts just behind him. He sat atop a strong bred steed, as white as his hair shining ethereally in the moonlight, dressed for what looked like had been a long journey. His blue eyes were bright and beautifully cerulean, and for a moment he felt himself staring his answer. Legolas felt his friend slightly distraught and dismounted to join him by his side, "My friend, are you all right?" He touched his thinly clothed arm in concern before his expression turned incredulous, "What are you doing out here at this hour, Aragorn, and with hardly any attire to suit the season?" He came to at that touch, and undesirably flinched, "Nothing, I was merely strolling…" The thought of the vivid warmth his nakedness radiated in his dreams crossed his mind as he felt that wide, smooth palm of Legolas's hand brush his forearm in a gesture to follow. Legolas met his gaze, "Come inside with me, it's much too cold and that robe won't do any good…" Aragorn smiled at his friend's concern, and pulled away from his warm grip. Legolas turned, and tilted his head as Aragorn waved him off, "Settle yourself in, Legolas, I am well here…" He threw him a casual smile that beheld certainty, though on the inside Aragorn pleaded for him to stay. Legolas thought a moment before eyeing him curiously, his blue eyes narrowing as if they were to pierce the truth with the precision of his arrows. Then his gaze softened, as did his voice, filled with concern, "Aragorn, you worry me now, and I refuse to leave until you tell me a good reason why you stand alone out here in this weather with little, or no concern that you may catch your death in such careless dress." Stubborn little nymph he was too. "I'm having trouble sleeping, and a stroll aids me to fatigue, the robe is just simply a prop to set the scene, so to speak. It's quite substantial enough, really, though your concern is much appreciated however…" Aragorn couldn't help but gaze at him, in a way that must have been strange to the other man, but he couldn't help it, "Thank you…" Legolas smiled a bit, feeling his face redden with his friend's praise and turned away to fetch a few blankets from his horse before it could be distinguished. Aragorn watched as he fiddled with the horse's saddlebags and stared heatedly at the way the muscles of his strong legs rippled along their admirable length from behind his tight leggings. Unknowingly, however, Legolas had taken notice of this fine gaze from this man and made sure to add a teasing little sway to his hips when he walked back toward him. Aragorn smiled, and spread one of the blankets on the soft ground and then took another for himself while Legolas kept the third. Legolas placed the blanket about his broad shoulders and smiled down at Aragorn's sitting form, "Will you grant me the honor of sitting by you to watch you freeze, before I nonchalantly chant 'I told you so'?" The older man merely glared, and shook his head, "You know, perhaps I didn't miss you…" That one made Legolas chuckle, and as he sunk down beside him it only evolved into the most beautiful baritone laughter Aragorn had ever heard. "Well your witty tongue and rough disposition were definitely missed, you know…" The blonde trailed off and shook his head, "My kind I find are much too uptight sometimes." "Sounds familiar…" Blue orbs stared in handsome amazement, "Pardon?" Aragorn immediately shook his head, and almost went into cardiac arrest with apology, "I didn't mean it like that, Legolas, I was just… Well, what I meant was that…" The Prince of Mirkwood just about toppled over onto his side with raucous laughter and just about made Aragorn flustered with excitement. Legolas clutched his sides and rolled onto his back, unable to stop even when tears fell from the corners of his eyes and wetted his long, pale lashes. It was a few good moments before it died down to chuckles, and small bursts of…giggles, so to speak? Aragorn sighed, and rose a dark brow high in question, "Are you…quite finished, sir?" He crossed his hands over his chest and watched as Legolas sat up, brushing the tears from his cheeks before wrapping the soft, warm blanket back around himself. "Please forgive me, but that expression on your face was utterly…" He softly chuckled again, and placed a hand on Aragorn's shoulder before looking at him sheepishly, "… … …" "Aragorn…?" Legolas searched his friend's eyes, and felt slightly awkward beneath the other man's sudden intense, studious gaze. He felt the temperature rush through him like a wave of liquid heat when Aragorn reached up to touched his face with the tips of his fingers. Slightly chilly they were, but soft and surprisingly gentle they moved against his face; timidly even. Aragorn found his voice, and his lips parted to question, "Legolas?" The elf's pale lashes fluttered over his hooding gaze as the rather large hand cupped his face, "…Yes…?" He asked dreamily before bringing a delicate, slim hand to blanket his, caress his hand as it caressed him. "…I…" Legolas opened his eyes, his gaze a blue inferno as they eyed Aragorn's still form, and never flinching in the heat their owner projected even as he approached him on his knees and bent down to brush his parted lips against his, 'Gods want me…' He halted with precaution, but when Aragorn failed to revoke him, Legolas wasted no more time, and kissed him fully. Bringing his delicate fingers to sweep frantically through Aragorn's mass of wavy russet locks as he wantonly ate at Aragorn's full, soft lips, until he was sure they'd bruise beneath his frenzied lust. Aragorn, however, didn't seemed to mind, but in fact made it a point that there was nothing to fear when the need for words once again approached, and merely fed the fire that was Legolas until he knew he'd be mercilessly consumed with no hope of survival. Moments passed, and breaths were few. Lips were moist and red, and quivering with the heat of forbidden kisses. "I feel to ask, but your eyes answer me with hardly an upward glance…" The chill that caressed the skin of Aragorn's shoulders left bare by his fallen robe claimed by gravity caused him to shiver. He paid no mind, however, and touched Legolas who loomed above his form lying upon the softness of the earth, "Yes, but I can assure you that the same sentiment twinkles in your eye, Legolas…" Pale lashes fluttered shut over orbs that threaten to release masculine tears of uncertainty and joy to its cause, as Legolas's soft cheek descended and softly rested against Aragorn's beating heart. In seconds, Aragorn clutched his fragrant