DISCLAIMER : All publically recognizable characters, settings, and places are the sole property of their original owners/authors. I am not affiliated with Stephanie Meyer or anyone associated with Summit entertainment, nor the twilight franchise. There is NO copyright infringement intended in any way what so ever on my part. AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story is written as a collaboration by both Xo BellaItalia oX and Wendy1969. We are both posting this story so that it reaches both of our fan bases. We hope that you enjoy the story and look forward to reading your reviews. OOC. CANON and NON CANON. Rated M. CHAPTER 1 (Jasper's POV) It has been five years since I turned her… You see, what happened was… It had been two months since I was forced to leave Forks with the rest of the Cullen coven. I knew I had to go back for her. Not only was every fiber in my being telling me to go back, but I couldn't leave her with the threat that bringing her into our world left her with. As soon as I was back in Forks, I had gotten in touch with the pack of mutts and explained everything to them about the danger that Bella was up against. I told them about our laws and the threat the Volturi stood and how the powers and gifts that the guard possessed could tear apart their entire tribe along with the entire town. I also explained to them about how the Volturi had ordered for Bella to either be turned or killed as soon as possible. It didn't take long for them to see sense in what I was saying and the elders and the pack ended up manipulating the treaty so that they could allow me to change her without any repercussions. The gist was that we were not to come back to Forks for at least five years. They all came and said goodbye to Bella and I immediately had her go up to shower before packing her things. She laughed at me as I complained about the wet dog smell on her and even went as far as throwing her shirt at me with it landing on my head as she giggled her way into the bathroom. That night after she packed her shit and snuck out the window with me, I sent a text to Sam so that they could deal with faking her death. I lied and told them that I had heard rumors that the Volturi were in America at the moment. This will at least give her dad closure. From there we ran to the Cullen house and got in to my car and drove away, only stopping when we had to as we made our way to our destination. It had been a week since we first started the trip and since we had first left Forks, Washington. I had already gotten her new Identification, along with all of the necessary paper work and a social security card and passport. Isabella or Bella Swan is no more. We only traveled at night while staying in a motel room during the day, because it felt right doing it that way. We had really gotten to know each other and always talked about me and her and our likes and dislikes. We had so much in common and we could talk for hours without running out of topics. I was enjoying my time with her immensely and couldn't believe that I had allowed the Cullens to keep us apart. Especially with how well we get along now. It was on our fourth day that everything changed as I was hit with love, lust and desire as I had just gotten back to the room with the food I had ran out to pick up for her to eat. Before I could even respond to the feelings I felt coming from her, they changed and I felt her self-confidence plummet and worthless surfaced along with defeat. There was no way in hell will I allow her to feel that shit about her-self. I have loved her for so long it isn't even funny and it kills me that she feels that way. I want her to always be happy and confident about herself. She is too wonderful and beautiful to feel that way. And now, I finally have a chance with her. I knew that I had to show her that her feelings aren't one sided, so I sent her what I feel for her and the look on her face clearly showed that she was shocked. Her emotions then suddenly changed to disbelief, so I knew that I had to tell her. "I've loved you ever since you first said hi to me at the house the first time that we met face to face." I took a chance and wrapped my arms around her as she looked in to my eyes. I remembered how Edward said that you could see exactly what she was thinking in her eyes and as I looked in to her big brown eyes, I knew that the same was to be said about her emotions. They mirrored everything that I was feeling and I knew that it was the perfect moment. I leaned down and kissed her. Her lips were soft like silk and butter and her taste was indescribable. From what I remember from when I was human, she tasted just like the sweetest strawberries and I couldn't get enough. She flung her arms around my neck and threaded her fingers in to my curls at the base of my neck. I felt her hot little tongue touch my bottom lip and a small moan resounded from her throat. Her emotions suddenly shifted to desperation, expectancy, and dread. I knew exactly what she was thinking and I needed her to know that there was no way that I was going to be like Edward. He would give up and push her away, causing her to become sexually frustrated and cause her self-confidence to plummet. He would make her feel badly about herself and make her feel undesirable. She is anything but those things and I refuse to be the cause for her to feel like that. I won't be like him. Not fucking likely. Oh, I'm a vampire alright, but I am a fucking man too. So I continued to lay claim to her juicy lips and I plundered her mouth deeply and with great passion. Our hands wondered all over each other's body's and our moans and groans became very audible. It was then that every conscious thought went out the window and we let our bodies take over and sexual instincts kick in. I knew from the moment that our eyes met that she was my mate. The only thing that I had to keep back until a later date was the claiming bite to change her. She had my belt undone as well as my jeans in no time at all. She then pushed my jeans down and then stepped back from me with a small smile upon her face. She shimmied, yes people, I said she shimmied, out of her daisy dukes. She then used her thumbs and dragged her bikini briefs down to the knees as they fell the rest of the way on their own. She then took my shirt and t-shirt off of me and I gladly returned the favor. I made sure that when I took off her bra that I brushed the sides of her breasts lightly. I felt her shiver in desire and her lust rose up a notch. I stepped back to admire the view… she was fucking sinful. One peek at her southern paradise and I noticed that it was as bald as could be. I saw that there was no regrowth so I assumed that it was waxed. I had her on the bed in a heartbeat and by then I was busy licking and nipping my way all over her body. She was moaning and whimpered at the touch of my tongue to her nipple. She put her hands on my shoulders and stopped me in my tracks when she said, "I'm sort of… not a virgin" Huh? By the look on my face, she knew that I needed more information. "I broke the barrier with a dildo that I bought online. I thought that it would help for when I did have my first sexual experience. I wanted it to be all pleasure and no pain. Not to mention that when it comes to sex with a vampire or if there were any close by I would not tempt them with my scent. I didn't want you to have to struggle. I remember from experience that they seem to think that my blood smells sweeter than most. "I tossed the toy away after that though. But I have had no sexual relations with any guys or girls, at all. I do honestly hope you don't mind, it was back then… before you all were forced to leave." "That was very thoughtful of you," I murmured while running the tip of my nose lightly across her skin before looking up at her. "So, how do you want to do this?" She moaned and I lightly traced my fingers up and down the front of her. "Can we fuck now? We can make love later, but right now… I just want it rough." I soon had my fingers deep in her wet, tight pussy. I slid them in and out while stretching them apart a little and scissoring them. I knew that this would help her tight little honey pot to be able to take all of me in. Her hand grabbed my cock while her other hand reached down to her clit. She then began massaging it and pinching at it hard and furious. She grabbed my other hand and moaned out to me once she placed it down on her sweet smelling heaven, "Smack that clit" HOLY SHIT! Kinky is my new best friend as long as it resides in one, Bella Swan. She was still pulling me off as her other hand started teasing, rubbing and pinching her nipples and my other hand was still working her pussy entrance. She gave me a salaciously, saucy look. FUCK. ME. I watched my strength and only used my fingers to do it as I kept them together and made sure not to not spread apart. I gave two small, soft, but sharp smacks to her clit and she screamed out in painful ecstasy. As I said earlier… KINKY! I moved down her body and buried my face in her cunt as I licked and sucked up all her juices as her body quivered and shook with spasms of her first climax. I felt my balls tighten and my body tense as she pumped me harder and faster. I knew her little hand was going too fast for a human without spraining something but in no time at all I shot my load and she quickly wrapped her mouth around my cock sucking it all in. This little stick of dynamite swallowed everything I gave her and then she proceeded to lick and suck and nibble my dick until it was clean… and hard again. She looked up at me and let my cock pop out of her mouth and again with the salaciously saucy smirk. "Ready for round two?" I wrapped her in my cold, stone, hard arms. Although I am truly surprised, I will not let her see that. She is nothing like the Bella Swan that we were forced to leave behind. SHIT! She dropped back down on her knees and began sucking on my cock, but I knew that this time around I will get to fuck her. I thanked God for my excellent control of my body and both types of