. . . DISCLAIMER : All publically recognizable characters, settings, and places are the sole property of their original owners/authors. I am not affiliated with Stephanie Meyer or anyone associated with Summit entertainment, nor the twilight franchise. COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT: There in no way is any deliberate infringement of copyright intended on my part in any way what so ever PLAGIARISM is never going to be tolerated: The storyline/plot if existing is mine, unless it is from the books/movies/TV show. That is for the respective owners/authors. No copyright or reproducing of this will be tolerated unless strictly permitted by the writer, which is me. Rated : M. Categories : Twilight, All Human. Main Pairing: Jasper and Bella. Language : English. . . . . Rebuilding my life with you. The blast shook the house and the ground it is on. My life just almost got blown away with the blast. But just seconds before it happened I was grabbed by a strong pair of arms and tossed on to a shoulder, or so it seems. Next second I feel we are running, but it is really fast. That is when the house blew up and blasted us further from where we got to. Now… here we are. I sure hope my Buttercup made it out alive. I know she is big and mean looking, but she is a sweetheart and wouldn't hurt someone unless they were a threat to her or me, that is when she would attack. Buttercup would be here if she was alright, I am sure of that. She would try and pull or push the stable doors open too if she was able to get to it. OH GOD! THE HORSES, MY DOG! "Dog" I am panting and coughing "Horses" I am coughing too much at the moment as I am trying to talk. "Where, where are" I was sat on someone's lap and my eyes are stinging from the smoke so I am not seeing too clearly. "Hey, hey now, darlin', do not get upset. The dog is fine and with the vet right now, along with the horses. He came straight over and got them all for ya'. This lady is going to do a check up on you." I was poked and prodded, and god only knows, and then dropped in an ambulance and taken to hospital. He looks to have really light, like blonde coloured hair and a really nice face. Night…..coloured lights. Throat… sore. Help! The next day The doctor said that I can go home later, but I do not like being in hospital at all. In fact it is horribly reminiscent. What I hate is that hospitals are just deaths trap to pull us in and knock us off. I do not want to be here… *knock, knock, knock.* I want out of this waiting room of death now. "Hello" I watched the door as I waited for them to enter. But it didn't! "May I come in?" "Yes, you can come in." the door opens and in walks the man, I know by blurry images and his voice, from last night. He is in firefighters clothes and walks in almost hesitantly. He isn't alone….. Oh my god! "Buttercup" "My brother said she is fine, Miss Swan, just a little singed and a tiny bit of smoke inhalation is all. She didn't suffer anything else. She saw you were right and darted for the stables. Emmett followed her to grab her in case she was going to get hurt, but then she nudged open the stable doors and Emmett got a couple of guys to rope them all in and he got on the front one as the guys ran beside them and they got them out of the stables and the vet took them with him, said vet being damn good at his job." It is true. He is the one. He is my hero from last night. I almost choked on my sobs as I held my hand out to him, which he stepped to me and accepted. He pulled the chair closer so it sat snug against the side of the bed and slid in to it. He is so tall, and I would guess about six three, maybe six four. "Thank you so much for that, but I thought she went to the vet last night?" I think she did, didn't she? He chuckles a little as he told me while wiping my tears away. "Hey there, darlin', come on now, doll, no need for tears. The vet so happens to be my brother, he thought he recognized the horses and this little beauty here." he pats Buttercup, who seems to have made friends with this man. But since she didn't have her collar on and the usual shit mucking her up appearance wise he wasn't too sure. I am not even sure what he means by that." I cut him off then. "She gets in to every mess she can, I have tried to keep her cleaner than she would want to be and even those doggy coat things. Useless as tits on a bull, if ya' ask me!" he is laughing with me when he asks me "So she's a tomboy dog, then, huh, darlin'?" I am a little too sore to laugh too much so I just giggled a little and he and I soon settle down to a calm enough state. "Anyway, sweets, I best get Buttercup out this hospital 'fore the doc sees her in here. I even got her all spruced up for ya' too, angel. So I hope you don't mind that." He stood up and bent cordially and kissed the back of my hand like a real gentleman cowboy. "You may need some help getting home to wherever you will be sleeping for now, so just get the nurse to ring me, let them know its Jasper Whitlock, not Peter. They already have my number on file so ya' should be right." He picked up the leash and led Buttercup out before they got busted for being in here. I already miss my Buttercup, and I sort of miss Jasper as well. I get this kind of warm feeling when he is next to me. But who said I need help getting to my home, if it is inhabitable. Would I need help? I am alone, so I may need some assistance. First off, I need to ring the vet. I have to see him about the horses and get updated on their condition as well as what all he hasn't told Jasper. HOLY BATWINGS! My vet, Peter… He is Jasper's brother. Jasper's brother is my vet! I pulled out my phone and sent a quick text to Peter. He has to get here now, ASAP! His reply was 45 mins. I find myself thinking of Jasper, as I did through the night too, my dreams were of him, even though the image was fuzzy, it was his voice and sort of likeness. 45 minutes later "Hello Miss Swan, glad to see you are doing well since last night." The sneaky fucker. I have made only two friends in this town and I have been here for years now. My problem is that I do not trust easily, well, didn't trust easily. But I seem to be drawn to his brother, Jasper. "Yes, well I do believe your brother seems to be my knight in fire fighters clothes." I laugh with him as he soon senses why I need to speak to him. "He is a good man, Bella. He is honest and hard-working and when with someone he is devoted to them only. He isn't shutting up about you, my friend, and I think you are taken with him. He won't let another look after Buttercup but himself, and he helps me with the horses when he isn't on duty down at the station house." That helps a lot. "He will never be like your ex, Bells, never. He couldn't ever do that to someone he is in love with. He would do anything to the woman he loves, the one who catches his heart." I lay back a little and he finished up. "All the horses are fine, Miss Bella" "Just Bella, Peter, we have known each other for a few years now." He gave a little grin with a chuckle. "Alright then, Bella, no more Miss Swan, or Miss Bella, how does that sound? They are fine and I gave them something to settle them down last night as well. Char woke up every four hours to check on them while I slept ready for the day. So this morning they are all rearing to go and still healthy as a horse can be. So we made sure the stables were still solid and stable and nothing in there can hurt them in any way. A couple of other stud farms from out at the surrounding towns, have donated some lumber for the work that needs doing. The hardware store owners have also chipped in as well. Others are volunteering their time and labour to get things done for you. So once it is done and your for sure in the clear you can move back home with your animals. Everything will work out, Bells, you wait and see." He doesn't realize it, but my daddy used to call me that before he passed on. He didn't have to do all he has done and neither did anyone else for that matter. "Thank you, Peter, it is appreciated, but you did not have to do this. Neither did anyone else for that matter. But I do appreciate it very much. The day you were suggested as the vet for my horses was indeed a great day, do you not think so? You have become a good friend, Peter, and what little I know of Charlotte, I like her too. But… well, you see… Jasper said he would drive me home if I need it. Just tell the staff and they will know who he is and ring him for me. is that a good thing? Him taking me to wherever I will be living?" he watched me as he blinked a few times before reassuring me. "Bella, I can honestly say that my brother doesn't bother much with women since he was hurt himself three times in his whole life. Alice was the first and she was selfish and greedy and very demanding of his time that it almost lost him his job she wanted to change him from what he is to what her idea of a, 'Jasper', should look and act like. She done wrong by him and he was lost until we pulled him out of it. The second one we all warned him about, but it didn't matter because he went straight in to her web of deceit and betrayal. That ended up worse than the Alice one went, as she had been fucking many men at the same time when he got home to the sight on his lounge room floor. The third is Tanya Denali. The town bike! Everyone has ridden it at least once. She is a, 'money and dick hungry', whore who hid her job well from everyone and was soon run out of town for hurting him. He went a week later to the doctor and had every conceivable test done and had him-self trimmed up and all sorts of shit done to rid himself of the memory of what she did to him, what any of them did to or with him. He went through it all after all that finally collapsed on top of him. His job and his family were all that got him through and it was all he needed at that time. Now I know I shouldn't be telling you any of that I just told you, but I know you