THIS IS A COLLAB BETWEEN MY EVIL TWIN AND ME. DISCLAIMER: All recognisable properties and characters from twilight are in the sole ownership of Stephanie Meyer. THIS IS A ONE SHOT, HOPEFULLY OF J/B, BUT IT HAS EDWARD AS A FRIEND TO BELLA. ALICE IS NOT PAINTED IN A NICE WAY. AND IT SHOWS EDWARD AS A BESTY FOR BELLA AND JASPER. HE IS ACCEPTING, AS IS THE REST OF THE FAMILY OF WHAT HAS TO BE DONE TO KEEP BELLA AMONG THEM. SO HER CHANGE IS IMMINENT. SLIGHTLY OOC. J/B, WITH ED AS FRIEND. VAMPIRE/HUMAN. CANON AND NON-CANON. ******************************************* WHAT GREED TRIED TO BUT COULDN'T STOP "Edward, I can't help how I feel about him." "I know Bellsy, but Alice isn't budging about the divorce papers he keeps asking her to sign." "Does she actually have to sign them herself?" Seeing the gleam in her eyes, Edward knew she was up to something; but what? Since returning from Italy; they have been getting along fine. Edward even agreed to Bella being changed after a long discussion about their true feelings for one another. After both realizing that a romantic relationship is just not in the cards for them they decided to remain friends. The family all agreed that they prefer a live Bella then a dead one. "Don't make any solid decisions Edward, I'm gonna try to use my shield to block you and Jazz." "Alright" "Phone Please." After handing over his phone, Bella decided to order a pizza since Alice couldn't stand the smell. When Alice didn't call after she made the decision to go shopping she knew her shield was up. Placing a call to the family laywer Jenks, she explained that she was Mr. Hale's personal aide, she began to re-negotiate the terms of the divorce papers. After giving Jenks her personal fax they said their goodbyes. Jenks knew to keep the dealings private, he was polite and bluntly honest without being nasty and cold. It was one of the many reasons the Cullen's used his services. All in all Edward was impressed. Seventeen minutes later the fax machine started spitting out papers. Once finished Bella gathered the sheets and handed Edward a pen: "Sign please, Alice." With a flutter of her lashes over her large doe eyes, and a slight pout of the lip, Edward gave in. None of the Cullen's could defend against it. Edward signed Alice's name to the papers. Bella rolled them up and placed them in a secret place in her jacket so she could take them back to her old home. Upon returning to the Cullen house, they could hear Alice screeching to Jasper that he would never get a divorce from her, and she would never release him to find his true mate. Edward and Bella went to sit in the living room. Only minutes later a defeated and angry looking Jasper came down the stairs. His eyes as black as coal showing the rage that he hid in his posture. Edward decided to take him hunting to release his frustrations. He needed Jasper in the right state of mind for when Bella used his gift to finally claim her mate. All he had to do was to get the rest of the family out of the house and not make any decisions out right in case Bella didn't still have her shield up. Jasper and Edward took off through the trees, Edward snaking his way around them while Jasper just ran a straight path through them. They only separated long enough to eat their meal and met back where they had separated. "Thanks man. I needed a release. She has finally flipped her shit and is fucking twisted now." "I know brother. She was put in that asylum for a reason." They both chuckled as they ran back to the house to get cleaned up. Jazz hesitated when they approached the house. After checking to see if Bella's shield was still in place he gave Jasper the out he was looking for. "Jazz, why don't you use the bathroom in my room. You can borrow some clothes of mine too, I know they won't fit perfectly but it's better than the alternative." "Thanks man. I don't think I can handle anymore of her shit." Edward waited as Jasper made his way up to the bedroom. Jasper enjoyed taking long showers. Edward murmured up to him before he made it all the way up: "Jazz, could you remember to change the bedding when your finished brother!" Jasper didn't understand that last statement but he went in to Edward's room to shower and clean up. Meanwhile… Edward found Bella and leaned down to whisper so only she could hear. "He is in the shower; I got you a small gift to help you out. I am taking the family hunting overnight so relax and enjoy. He is taking his time so chill." Making good on his promise, Edward got the whole family to go hunting up in Denali. Bella headed upstairs to Edwards room. Finding his gift she opened it to reveal some sexy lingerie. After dressing in the lingerie, she proceeded to brush her hair and teeth. Moving to throw the bag away she noticed it wasn't completely empty. She reached in and pulled out an old messenger boy cap. Giggling at Edward's thoroughness she slid it on at a slight angle. Situating herself by the door she waited with the divorce papers. After completing his shower Jasper made his way back into Edward's room. Running the towel through his hair as he entered, hearing a throat clear he spun and looked toward the sound. If a vampire could go into shock, then Jasper was definitely in shock. Walking toward a very statuesque vampire, she stood enjoying the reaction she was getting. Holding the divorce papers out to him saying: "Sign please, Sir. Your freedom is only a signature away." Running on autopilot, Jasper signed the papers and handed them back. "Jasper dear, go lie down on the bed. You're in shock." Doing as asked Jasper lay down on the bed, this pleased Bella. She checked to make sure her shield was secure and let him feel everything she felt for him. Jolted out of his shock; his attention snapped to Bella. Walking to him slowly she opened the papers so he could see what he signed. A beautiful smile spread across his face, he read over the papers quickly and handed them back to her. Bella placed them back where she had them stashed. As Bella turned Jasper surprised her when his lips collided with hers. Requesting entrance with his tongue, Bella quickly gave it. After a minute Bella pulled pack to speak: "You're free, Jasper. But I want you." Jasper knew of Bella's feelings, and how strong they were. He had always felt something for her as well. Unsure of what to do, he hesitated. Bella picked up on his unease and caught his eyes. "Just be gentle Jazz. Do what your body craves for you to do." His body craved her. So he picked her up and she wrapped her legs tightly around his waist. Kissing her deep, hard and full of passion. Bella had to pull back for air but Jasper continued to run kisses down her neck and across her shoulders. He kept going until he was hovering over the swell of her breasts. Reaching up to slid the straps down her arms, he unclasped her bra and let it fall to the floor. He ran his fingers lightly up her arms and then back down. Landing on her waist he gripped her panties and they joined the bra on the floor. A few seconds later the towel that was still residing on his hips found it's way to the floor also. Returning to the bed he laid her down. Jasper began running kisses all around her breasts again, before coming back to her mouth. Seeking out every sweet spot in her mouth he could find as he lightly sucked on her tongue as well. Jasper could feel her feelings for him even stronger now, but he was still confused about his own. "Jasper, I know how you are feeling at the moment" she said as she pulled away from him. He knows he lusts for her, but is there more to it. He isn't sure and doesn't know whether to continue. Trying to ease his fears Bella says: "Just enjoy what I am giving you Jasper" He enjoyed the feel of her against him, the warmth she radiated. Her skin felt so soft, her heavenly scent sending his senses a blaze. Using her lips and fingers to pleasure him with just her touch. Looking into her deep soulful eyes he wanted to fuck her senseless, make love to her and hold her in his arms till morning...but could he? Will she be happy with him if he decides that? He wants her forever. But does she want him that way also? "Bella?" "Hmmm?" "May I make love to you?" "Yes..oh god Jasper yes. Please." He adjusted her on the bed and lay beside her, running his fingers along her skin; from her ankles to her lips. Stopping on the down stroke at her nipples, he slowly twisted one causing Bella to moan and arch up off the bed. He moved his hand over to the other one caressing it slightly before repeating his actions. Stroking his fingers down her stomach he leaned in kissing her lips gently at first, allowing her to set the pace of the kiss. Letting her hands run all over his body she eventually settled them on his hips. Stroking them smoothly as she kissed him, she wiggled trying to get some sort of contact and friction. Jasper feeling her need moved so he was between her legs, using his arms to support his weight. Kissing her once more, he leaned slightly to one side and slid his hand down brushing his fingers light against her folds. Her hand followed the path of his joining it at her core. He slid on finger in side her as her own circled her clit. Jasper slowed and added another. Keeping his thrust slow and steady as he once again added another. Pumping them in and out as he sent her calm and desire mixed with love. He watched in amazement as she reached her climax. Coming down from her orgasmic high she watched him lick his fingers clean of her juices, moaning out at her taste. He let out a hiss as she lifted her hips a little and grinded against him. She smirked noticing the change in his emotions. Jasper had cemented his decision. He was going to have Bella as his own. No other would stand in the way. He had been fooling himself for too long now about his feeling for her, but not anymore. It was time for him to embrace his passion. Bella pulled him to her, locking their lips together as he guided his dick toward her core. he stroked it up and down her folds a few times before sliding in to her. "Bella Darlin', the first time is always painful. Are you sure about this?" Nodding her head, Jasper slowly inches his way in. She gasps at the intrusion but he waits until she was sure and slid in a little further. He kept this up till he reached her barrier, looking up to meet her eyes she said: "Fast" He understood what she meant. Break it fast and don't stop till we're complete. He pushed in at vampire speed and was buried balls deep in his mate. He stopped long enough for her to adjust to this new feeling. After a few minutes and a lot of silent tears of pain, love, and devotion, she felt the pain receed. Thrusting her hips up to meet his was his signal to continue. Jasper