Disclaimer – any recognisable characters, settings and spells are the property of JK Rowling. The title of the fan fiction is in no way tied to Jo Abercrombe's fantasy novel of the same name. This fan fic is a rework of my other fic LYRA! Longer AN at the bottom 27 th August 1981 ' I don't know if you've noticed Lily, but Sirius and Lyra are closer than your average pair of twins. All twins share a bond, but you're right . . . this war has always been more personal for them . . . The truth of it is, I don't know what kind of bond they share, but it might just be deeper than any of us could ever imagine.' Remus tried to bury the sinking, hollowing cavern burrowing through him. He tried, the problem was, he didn't think he had anything to fill it with. 1 st November 1981 Sirius Black Incarcerated 1 st November 1981 By Anderson Cronkite Mass-murderer Sirius Black will not face trial after being found at a crime scene where approximately fourteen people were murdered. Among the victims was Peter Pettigrew, one of Black's former school mates at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Whether this incident is tied to the events that occurred last month at Fawley Estate, leaving Fawley Manor devastated, to which Black was centrally involved, is yet to be determined. Black faces life imprisonment at Azkaban Wizarding Prison in response to this horrendous crime. Magical Law Enforcement and the Auror office are still investigating the events surrounding the crime and are not ruling out the possibility that this is linked to the fall of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, which occurred on the same night. Black the Barbaric 1 st November 1981 By Ruvea Skeeta On a night that should have been a celebrated one world-wide following the fall of You-Know-Who, it will now forever be marred by the mass-murder of thirteen muggles and one wizard. The culprit, one Sirius Black, was arrested immediately following the attack by the Auror team. Exact details are still yet to be determined, but having gained inside knowledge from a source within the Department of Magical Law Enforcement itself, it can now be said with some certainty that Sirius Black had been a member of You-Know-Who's inner circle. This may not be all that surprising considering the family's sordid history concerning the Dark Arts. Black's rage may have been fueled by the events that transpired just last month, or it may have been orchestrated by Black who we now know was conspiring with You-Know-Who. One thing is for certain, Sirius Black, considering all that he has done, and all the more that he might have been involved in doing, should never be allowed to see past the hood of a dementor again. December 1977 Sirius couldn't stand still, he rattled the door handle furiously. Dread, cold and heavy like wet cement, started to harden in his stomach. A fear had gripped him . . . fear that had him panting, had him sweating, he could feel every bead of it slide down his face . . . it was a fear at a level he'd never felt before. Sure there'd been a couple of times during the full moon when Moony had almost got away from them, but that had always had a rush of adrenaline, of fun, in it. There was nothing but horror now. If he stopped, even for a moment, he'd be stuck, helpless forever. Sirius slammed his fists against the door, screwing his eyes shut tight as he tried to think of anything else instead of the horrendous pictures that kept flashing one after the other in his mind. He hadn't heard anything since he'd awoken, lying bruised and bloodied on his bedroom floor ten minutes earlier. The door across the hall being slammed shut was what had jolted him awake and pulling at the door handle in the first place. The affinity his parents had for using silencing charms on closed doors always made him frantic beyond comprehension. But this . . . this time it was different. Frantic didn't do what he was feeling justice. Sirius stood, legs shaking, head against his bedroom door, he tried to focus his thoughts, but his mind was blank . . . O f course it is. What a perfect time for me to become a complete and utter idiot. Suddenly his panting flickered. Of course! How could he have forgotten! Running over to his trunk he tossed aside old books and clothes he hadn't bothered to give to Kreacher until he spotted a glint of silver. His heart felt lighter and heavier at the same time as he withdrew the small knife from the mess that was his trunk. Running over to the door, he stuck the knife in the key hole and twisted until it clicked and swung towards him. With his wand in one hand and the knife in the other, Sirius crossed the narrow, dark hallway, not bothering to look if anyone was lurking in the shadows. In some distant part of his mind he registered that a shouting match was being had from somewhere downstairs. 'Lyra!' He banged on the door as hard as he could . . . It didn't move an inch. There was nothing but silence on the other side. Sirius shoved the knife into the door's keyhole, rushing into the room as soon as it clicked open. At first everything seemed to mesh into one great blurred scene, like a painting of a gruesome scene that's colours had started to bleed into one another: A girl lying on the brown floor, white skin, black hair and red . . . so much red everywhere . . . There was red pooling on the floor around her, staining her hands, soaking through the front of her shirt. But where there was a river of red, there was also far too much white when Sirius looked at her face. Lyra's face was white, sleeked with a film of sweat and unmoving, even when Sirius gripped her chin. 'Lyra! Lyra, can you hear me?' She didn't even so much as flinch. He looked around the room, Lyra's bookshelf had great chunks of wood missing, books lay scattered and torn around the room. Some had drops of red on them, others were striped with it. Her eagle feathered quill and ink set had been knocked onto the bed, the dark ink streaking the white sheets like great tears. The night stand had fallen to the floor, the lamp that had been sitting on it now lay in pieces, glass like pebbles on the wood. It was a scene of complete destruction. 'That's it,' Sirius said through a painfully clenched jaw, 'we're leaving.' He flicked his wand and looked back to Lyra as everything that hadn't been destroyed flew into her trunk. Sirius quickly scanned his sister. There were dark red and purple bruises around her neck, a long cut tore down the length of her left arm, the skin there shredded and ripped open, it was oozing blood slowly but steadily. Sirius stopped and outright balked when he reached her stomach, where the blood was heaviest. Grabbing a scarf off the bed, he tied it tightly around her middle. With one last tug of the scarf he flicked his wand again and Lyra's trunk flew towards him, shrinking as it flew across the room. He caught it, stuffed it in his pocket and lifted his sister as carefully as he could off the bloodied floor. Her head lolled against his chest. He was halfway to his own door when a figure emerged from a doorway further down the hall. 'Sirius! What's going . . .' Regulus stopped at the sight of his sister, of the blood covering her and now seeping into Sirius' own shirt. His eyes widened, colour draining from his face. 'What happened!?' Sirius ignored him. He didn't have time for anyone's false concerns. He placed Lyra down on his bed as gently as he could before flicking his wand, this time his belongings were flying around the room, placing themselves haphazardly into his trunk. 'She's hurt!' Regulus had followed them into Sirius' room and came to hover at Sirius' bedside. He only looked around the room when one of Sirius' books hit his leg on its way to the trunk. 'What are you doing?' 'What does it look like?' Sirius growled as he went over to his desk, searching through it's drawers. The only thing he could hear was his blood rushing through his veins. His heart beat loudly in his ears. He could almost swear it's rapid rhythm screamed Not long. Not long. Not long . . . Not long now and they'd both be free. But first he had to find – ha! He grabbed the parchment from the desk's middle drawer and stowed it deep into his back pocket – he'd be damned if he left without the thing he'd come home for in the first place. Regulus' ramblings had remained a constant splutter in the background. 'But – But you can't!' The trunk in the corner clicked shut, shrank and flew into Sirius' open hand. He hastily shoved it into his pocket besides Lyra's. By the time he'd returned to the bed Regulus' voice had grown firmer and louder. 'Sirius, you can't!' Regulus went to stand in front of his brother but Sirius grabbed onto the younger boy's shirt collar, pulling him in so that he could see the panic clearly in his eyes, their noses a hairsbreadth away from touching. 'What can't I do Regulus!?' Sirius growled, angry red sparks spat from his wand's tip. 'Because what I can't do any longer is to stay in this – this house and watch her get hurt anymore.' He pushed his younger brother away so roughly that Regulus' back hit the wall. Sirius turned and lifted his sister off the bed. 'We're leaving,' he snarled as he passed a stunned looking Regulus. The walk down to the ground floor was the longest journey of Sirius' life. He tried to keep to the shadows as much as he could and paused every time he heard so much as what could have been a creak of a floor board. The shouting match was still being fought. He could only distinguish phrases, most of them in his mother's high-pitched shrill shrieking voice. ' Do you realise what you've done?!' ' We weren't meant to hurt her!' And to what would have been his surprise, had it not been for the shock he was immersed in, Sirius heard his father shout back. ' Not even that strong!' ' She's unnatural!' ' This is all your doing!' Sirius started to breathe a little easier when he entered the entrance hallway and caught sight of the front door. The appearance of the thick wooden door was enough to drown out all other sights and sounds. Not long. Not long. Not long. He was mere feet from the door – from freedom – when a flash of purple light soared past his head catching the lantern hanging on the wall beside the door. It exploded, spraying glass everywhere. Sirius ducked as another stream of light narrowly missed him. He shut his eyes briefly as the sound of wood splintering detonated through the hall. 'How dare you try to sneak out of this house!' Walburga Black's shrieked, slightly demonic as she hurled curse after curse at her son. His back now to the door, Sirius had no choice but to avoid his mother's onslaught. Both of his hands were busy keeping Lyra close to him – her impassive face impossibly coming paler – his wand was stuffed in his back pocket. Sirius flinched as a picture frame hanging behind him blew up. A shard of glass caught his top lip and the taste of blood quickly followed. 'How dare you