General Disclaimer: Anything recognizable is owned by by JK Rowling... If I believed in a god then it would have her face. All other characters, plot lines and situations I will gladly claim. STOP! PLEASE READ THIS If you're clicking onto this for the first time please go onto my profile and click on THE BLADE ITSELF. The Blade Itself is my rework fic that has replaced this one and that is the one that will be updated from now on. Thanks! ' I don't know if you've noticed Lily, but Sirius and Lyra are closer than your average pair of twins.' Sirius couldn't stand still, he rattled the door handle ferociously. Dread, cold and heavy like wet cement, tightened his stomach, squeezed his heart. A fear gripped him, such as he'd never felt before. If he stopped, even for a moment, that dread would harden, setting his innards in concrete, and he'd be stuck, helpless forever. He took a step back from the door, the handle not budging in the slightest. Throwing his fists against it he screwed his eyes shut tight, trying to think of anything else instead of the horrific pictures that kept forming in his head. He hadn't heard anything since he'd awoken, lying bruised and bloodied on his bedroom floor ten minutes earlier. The only thing he had heard was the door across the hall being slammed shut. It was this noise that had him jolt awake and pulling at the door handle in the first place. The affinity his parents had for using silencing charms on closed doors always made him frantic beyond comprehension. But this, this time it was different. Frantic didn't do what he was feeling justice. Try as desperately as he might, he couldn't keep the memories of what had led to this from resurfacing. 'Enough with your excuses! Despite your most ardent beliefs, I am not oblivious to everything that goes on within my own house!' Sirius knew it was dangerous. There were a great many things he could do within this house that could put him in potential danger, but listening to his parents engage in what could only be described as an intense argument (his parents – along with all other polite pureblood families – never argued, as Sirius had been reminded on multiple occasions), was even more reckless than usual, even for him. And he had been intending on turning around and retreating to his room – he had sat down to write a letter to James that morning, but he didn't know how to write about how desperate he was to get out of the house – especially seeing as he was supposed to have left for the Potters two days ago – without worrying his best friend. James was a good friend, but he did tend to worry to the point of recklessness. Chances were that he'd mount a full-scale rescue mission as soon as he received Sirius' letter – but that was before he'd caught on to what it was exactly that his parents were talking about. That damned dinner. It had been weeks since it happened. He'd had weeks to think about it, to try and decipher, to figure out exactly what had taken place over the last course of that meal. Weeks of endless thinking and he was still just as confused, just as angry as he had been when it had happened. Maybe his parents would finally let it slip, they might finally be able to explain just what it was that Madam Rosier was talking about that night. 'Orion, I have no possible idea what runs through the minds of everyone who comes into this house.' Walburga's biting voice was rising with every word said. 'Our eldest son should be proof enough of that!' Sirius gritted his teeth at this slight. There were more important things to focus on than the well-known hatred his parents had for him. 'It is not our eldest son that I was referring to … neither was Madam Rosier, that night, if my translation of the situation is to be relied upon.' Where Walburga's voice rose, Orion's voice was being drawn lower, like a bucket into the well of his formidable fury. 'Why is it that I always get the impression that everyone knows much more about my own blood than I?' Sirius heard Walburga scoff. 'You've never taken an active interest in her before. Why now?' Up till this moment Sirius had been merely curious, now his curiosity mixed with worry, water and oil starting to swirl in his chest. 'I am interested in the interests of others, I am simply attempting to uncover what the Rosier's find so interesting in something I have in the past dismissed.' There was a pregnant pause, Sirius wasn't sure if anyone on the other side of the door was breathing – he wasn't too sure he was breathing. 'What interests you about her, Walburga?' 'Other than the fact that she's my daughter?' Sirius was sure that Walburga had meant the question to be just as biting as her previous comments, but he could hear her waiver, even if it was the smallest possible amount. 'You really think I am a simpleton, don't you?' Orion asked, his voice full of venom. 'I have heard the rumours, ever since they were born I have heard them. I chose to ignore them thus far because I have reassured myself that my wife could never be that foolish. She knows better than that, I told myself when I caught them whispering. She would never associate with the people required to be able to carry out what they've said you did. You would not taint our bloodline, a bloodline that has remained pure and strong for so many centuries, on such an irrevocable level.' Sirius heard the squeal of a chair leg being dragged across the wooden floor boards of his father's study and it took all his strength not to jump at the sudden noise. He took a half step closer to the door so that his cheek was almost pressed flush against it. 'Perhaps I have been wrong.' Orion's voice was almost at a whisper now. 'You've always been an ambitious woman, Walburga. At times so focussed are you on your goal that it flirts with the point of brutality. I have always admired this about you. But,' a short yelp was suddenly stifled and Sirius' hand instinctively flew to the door handle, 'if I have discovered that you have used this ability to turn this family into a magnet for ridicule and scandal, if that girl should be anything other than a disappointment, just like her brother, then …' 'Master Black should not be spying.' Sirius whirled around so fast he was momentarily dizzy. Kreacher stood not two meters from him, his wide eyes glowering up at him. Sirius moved toward him, 'Kreacher, wait …' But he was too slow. Kreacher popped out of sight and the next second his scratchy voice was coming from the other side of the study door. Sirius didn't have time to turn to run back to his room before the door opened. Orion Black, in all his towering, twisted rage, glaring daggers at his eldest son. Sirius stood, head against his door, he could think about what happened next later. Right now, he had more pressing worries, much more pressing. Looking at his bedroom door, he tried to focus his thoughts. He couldn't risk using magic to undo the lock Walburga had placed on it. He couldn't jeopardise his returning to Hogwarts, for both his and Lyra's sake. Suddenly his panting halted. Of course! How could he have forgotten! Running over to his trunk he tossed aside old books and clothes he hadn't bothered to give to Kreacher until he spotted a glint of silver. His heart felt lighter and heavier at the same time as he withdrew a small knife from the mess that was his trunk. Running over to the door he stuck the knife in the key hole and twisted until it clicked and swung forward. With his wand in one hand and the knife in the other, Sirius crossed the narrow, dark hallway, not bothering to look if anyone was lurking in the shadows. Upon later recollection he would recall a shouting match being had from somewhere downstairs. His panic far outweighed his fear. 'Lyra!' He banged on the door. It didn't move an inch and there was nothing but silence on the other side. Sirius shoved the knife into the door's keyhole, rushing into the room as soon as it clicked open. At first everything he saw as he entered the room seemed to mesh into one great blurred scene. A girl, lying on the brown floor, white skin, black hair and red… so much red. There was red on the floor around her, on her hands, soaking through the front of her shirt. But where there was a river of red, there was also far too much white when Sirius looked into her face. Lyra's face was white, sleeked with sweat and unmoving, even when Sirius slapped her cheek. 'Lyra! Lyra, can you hear me?' She didn't even so much as flinch. He looked around the room quickly, some of Lyra's books lay open on her desk, her eagle feathered quill stood in an ink pot next to some parchment on her night stand, but most of her belongings and clothes were still in her trunk that was tucked in the far corner of the room. 'That's it,' Sirius said quickly to no one in particular, 'we're leaving.' He flicked his wand and looked back to Lyra as her belongings flew into her trunk. Sirius scanned his sister and stopped when he reached her stomach, where the blood was heaviest. He grabbed a scarf off the bed and tied it tightly around her middle. When he was satisfied he looked up, Lyra's trunk was closed, her room considerably more bare. Sirius flicked his wand again and the trunk shrunk and flew towards him. He caught it, stuffed it in his pocket and lifted his sister off the bloodied floor. He was halfway to his own door when a figure emerged from a doorway further down the hall. 'Sirius! What's going,' Regulus stopped at the sight of his sister, his eyes widening, colour draining from his face. 'What's happened?' Sirius ignored him as he entered his own room, he placed Lyra down on his bed as gently as he could before flicking his wand again, this time his belongings were flying around the room, placing themselves haphazardly into his trunk. 'She's hurt!' Regulus came to hover at Sirius' bedside, he looked around the room as one of Sirius' books hit his leg on its way to the trunk. 'What are you doing?' 'What does it look like?' Sirius growled as he went over to his desk, searching through it's drawers. After he'd extracted a small square mirror from the desk's middle drawer, he turned back into Regulus' ramblings which had remained a constant splutter. 'But – But you can't!' The trunk in the corner clicked shut, shrank and flew into Sirius' open hand. He hastily shoved it into his pocket and went to his bedside but Regulus' voice was growing firmer and louder. 'Sirius you can't!' Regulus went to stand in front of his brother but Sirius grabbed onto the younger boy's shirt collar, pulling him in so that he could see the panic clearly in his eyes. 'What can't I do Regulus!?' Sirius growled, angry red sparks spat from his wand's tip. 'Because what I can't do any longer is to stay in this – this house and watch her get hurt anymore.' He pushed him away so roughly that Regulus' back hit the wall. Sirius turned and lifted his sister off the bed. 'We're leaving,' he grumbled as he made his way back into the hall.