Hi again! So, I recently got a PM and had an inspiration to re-write some of this and add more detail in. I hope you all enjoy it. Please drop me a line or two (it really helps me feed/inspire my muses, which in turn helps me write). Also, I don't know how long it'll be until I get a new story on here. I have a few ideas (it's going to be about Erestor's past), but nothing concrete. I give thanks to my beta, Legolas Thranduilion, for having the patience to beta something this long (and on summer break...saint!). I'm also proud of the fact that its absolutely angst free. *crowd faints from shock* I know! I was shocked myself. I mean who knew I had it in me? As I just said it's gonna be a bit different than what I've previously posted on here. It's still about dear Erestor, but I thought that after the whole bleak and kinda depressing story (Darkness Within) that I would give you a lighter side to Erestor. He's still anti-social and all, but now we get to see a secret side to him. Ok, enough of that! Disclaimer: *sighs deeply* I don't own LOTR, or it's characters, of Middle-earth, or anything that is recognizable as Tolkien's. Artwork: Picture is kindly lent to me by Panicalex. Aranel is mine though. If you want to borrow her please PM me, I'm not selfish, as long as she's returned in reasonabley good health, you can borrow her. lol. Enjoy the story! Italics - thoughts or Aranel speaking (because she deserves a say). Oh, I almost forgot. I give the inspiration for this redone (and in my opinion better) version of Aranel to Liz17. Thanks for the advice Liz17! You all should really check out her story, Estvarya, it's a really, really great read! "Erestor!" the deep-toned voice of Glorfindel, Captain of the Guard, cut through the silent halls of elven haven, Imladris. The lone ellon at the other end of hall, to which his cry was addressed, paused momentarily, his arms filled to the brim with manuscripts and reports. Encouraged, Glorfindel increased his speed until he was mere feet away from the Seneschal. "I have need of your help, mellon nin." "Have you?" the other replied calmly, still unsure as to whether or not he should stay or not. He had a council meeting to lead today, one which, if he hurried, he would just be on time for. Yet he was friends, if abet newly, with this ellon and it felt wrong to leave him when he obviously had sought him out. Glorfindel resisted the urge to shuffle his feet as he bore the Seneschal's thoughtful glare. "Will you help me? It will only take a moment of your time." Finally, Erestor reached the decision that he would in fact stay to listen to his new friend's plea and nodded his assent; he had a few minutes to spare. "All right, but be quick, I have a meeting to attend." "Of course, mellon nin, I understand completely. I know you are a busy, though I believe you should rest more. It's not as if the papers and lists are going to walk themselves away. I wouldn't dream of wasting your time any more than I have to, and I know how you hate when people do that." Erestor simply dipped his head in acknowledgment after this winded explanation, though he was sorely tempted to point out the fact that Glorfindel was hinging on doing just such an act. "Why just yesterday I remember you chasing Lord–" "Glorfindel," Erestor interrupted with clenched teeth. Erestor had recently given up the practice of ritually calling the older ellon ' hir nin '. It had only led to many a heated debate on the importance of proper manners, on his part, and the importance of being informal, on Glorfindel's part. "Yes, Erestor?" "What help do you need?" "Ah, that! It's of the utmost importance and seeing as you know so much, I reasoned that you –" "Glorfindel!" "Yes?" "Stop babbling." "I'm not babbling!" Erestor narrowed his eyes and glared at the taller Noldo. "State your business now, or I will be leaving." "All right, all right," Glorfindel huffed and then added under his breath, "Someone's grouchy". Erestor decided for the ellon's sake, and his health, to ignore the quip. "I need you to help me with a prank," Glorfindel announced. Silence answered his statement and as it stretched out, Glorfindel began to worry. Erestor was quiet as a rule, but when he did not answer right away it usually meant one of two things. Either he was thinking of a solution to the afore mentioned problem, or he was extremely irritated. Unfortunately, in Glorfindel's past experience with Erestor it was usually the latter that applied. Though he was several ages older than the small Teleri, the reborn warrior could not help but feel like an elfling at times when he was around Erestor. Glorfindel had been on the receiving end of Erestor's famous lectures many a time, though, if he was honest with himself, it was his own fault for goading Erestor. "Erestor?" Glorfindel prodded nervously when he could no longer take the silence. "You are bored." "Pardon?" "You are bored," Erestor sighed as he resisted the urge to roll his eyes. If he wasn't holding the latest drafts to the Treaty with Mirkwood and some invitations from Lothlorien, he might have hit the ellon for being so childish. It was a tempting thought all the same. "I am not bored!" "Yes, you are." "Why would you think that?" "It's raining and, as such, you cannot go outside and train." "Your point?" Glorfindel replied, crossing his arms. He winced inwardly at the childish way he sounded. How old was he? "Therefore, you are bored and looking for an escape route." "Fine, I'm bored. Will you help me now?" "I have a meeting to attend," Erestor said and turned away. Immediately a hand reached out and gripped his shoulder tightly, arresting his retreat. Dark images flashed before him and he almost couldn't resist the instinct to drop his papers and lash out and protect himself. "Glorfindel, get off," he grated, his entire body and muscles tense. "I…I'm sorry, mellon nin," Glorfindel stammered as he quickly withdrew his hand off Erestor's shoulder as if it was a hot poker, "I wasn't thinking. I would not…I would never…" Glorfindel fell silent as he berated himself for the slip. He knew better than to forcibly restrain Erestor. He had wondered why Erestor was so aloof for many a century and had been there when Morsilme, Erestor's vile father, had shown him the reason. Guilt wriggled its way into his heart. "It is all right, mellon nin. I am fine." "Are you sure?" Erestor nodded his head in assent. Glorfindel let out a breath he hadn't known he was holding. "Well, then I'll be leaving, you have a meeting to attend and I've kept you long enough," Glorfindel faltered and turned away quickly. "Wait," came a quiet voice. Glorfindel glanced back at the ellon, worry flashing across his eyes for a moment. "Yes?" "I have yet to give you a suggestion for this prank of yours." "O-oh…that's alright. I do not want to bother you." "Glorfindel?" "Yes, Erestor?" "Stop brooding." "Brood…? I am not brooding! If I was brooding, you'd know of it! Brooding, of all the childish things, I'm over several ages old." Erestor dipped his head and gave a hidden smirk. There was the Glorfindel he knew and appreciated. "One question first," Erestor inserted, breaking the tirade of Glorfindel's 'not brooding' with a raised finger. Glorfindel paused mid-sentence. "Yes?" "Why haven't you asked the twins for help? They are much more adept in this than I." Glorfindel's face suddenly took on a sheepish hue and Erestor had a sudden inspiration for whom the prank was for. "I'm pranking the twins," Glorfindel admitted. "But they haven't done –" "Don't you finish that!" Glorfindel interrupted, "Oh yes, they have done something! They put berry almond juice in my porridge, which as you know, I'm highly allergic to. I had hives for four days as a result! I will not let this go unpunished." "But that was last week!" "Then they will not suspect this, will they? Which will make my victory all the more sweet." "You do realize you are acting like an elfling, do you not?" "I am not acting like an elfling. I am merely reassuring that our younger generation knows that their actions have consequences," Glorfindel corrected, though a mischievous twinkle in his eye betrayed him. "All right," Erestor shushed, "Just keep your voice down." "You will help me then?" "Yes." Silence followed Erestor's agreement until Glorfindel could not stand it any longer. "Well?" Glorfindel prompted impatiently. Erestor couldn't believe he'd actually agreed to this. "Itching powder." "Did that last time." "So it was you…" "That's beside the point, Erestor," Glorfindel waving the discovery away, "Come, I thought you'd be better than this." "Have a trap that when they trigger it throws paint on them?" "I've already done that." Erestor sighed. He was going to be terribly late at this rate; in fact he was already late. It was high time he left the captain to his inane antics. He readjusted the folders and papers in his arms. "I must leave. I am already late for the meeting." "But you haven't helped me figure a good prank out!" "Glorfindel," Erestor growled, "I have to go." "But…" "Pink hair dye!" "Pardon?" "Dye their hair pink." Glorfindel blinked and then slowly an evil grin spread across his face. "That is a brilliant idea, mellon nin! I do not know why I didn't think of that." "Wonderful. I am leaving now," and with that statement, Erestor snapped back around and marched determinedly towards the counsel room. As he hurried along, Erestor berated himself. He was late for the meeting! The Seneschal of Imladris was late for his own meeting! Erestor was never late, ever ! He even lectured those who were late on the importance of being on time, yet here he was rushing down the halls, late. It was all Glorfindel's fault – though he had agreed to help. If Erestor was not the proper elf that he was, said warrior would be heading towards the healing ward instead of the practice ring right now for bothering him with something so immature. Erestor could not believe he had been stopped on his way to the council to help collaborate in a prank of all things! Thank the Valar no one had been around to see them or he would never hear the end of it. Erestor hurried down the hallway and brushed through the door, fully expecting the council to be underway. He pulled up short when he saw that it was in fact not even started. The council table was oblong with thirteen seats around it, six on each side for each member with one at the head for Lord Elrond. Normally they held the meetings outside, but the weather was so dreary this morning that it would be nigh impossible, not to mention, impractical. Elrond was currently seated looking very amusedly at the elves gathered around. "Why has the council not started?" Erestor finally asked, one eyebrow raised, when his surprise at the nonexistent council had abated. At his voice all heads turned towards him. Nothing was said for a few moments. "You're late," one ellon, Tithaefarason, had the audacity to say. Erestor resisted the urge to huff at the obvious statement, but instead glared at the blond elf until the ellon practically squirmed where he stood. Erestor could be a truly imposing person when he wanted to be, dressed in either black or extremely dark clothing with raven colored hair and eyes. Yes, the elves clustered in the room agreed silently with each other, Erestor had a powerful