My Everything You're a falling star, You're the get away car. You're the line in the sand when I go too far. You're the swimming pool, on an August day. And you're the perfect thing to say. And you play it coy, but it's kinda cute. Ah, When you smile at me you know exactly what you do. Baby don't pretend, that you don't know it's true. Cause you can see it when I look at you. Michael Buble – Everything Chapter One As good as it gets Groaning I leaned over and pressed my snooze button for the millionth time, I knew I was dangourasly close to being late for school but my bed was so warn compared to the normal rainy day waiting for me. I thought of best friend Kevin picking me up this morning and I sighed, if I made him late one more time this month he would kill me. I grabbed my glasses off the bed side table and checked the time. Yep, I really needed to get up. Trying to gather my strength I dragged myself out of bed and started to get ready for the day. As soon as my feet hit the floor I shivered and ran over to my draws to grab a fresh pair of socks. My house was one of the oldest in La Push and while I loved its old and classic look I hated the wooden floors. Every morning my poor feet had to freeze to death, it was getting to the point where I craved carpet. Normal sixteen year old should not crave something as simple as carpet. I quickly washed my face and tried to make myself have more energy. This time last month my mornings had been very different; I would have been out of bed before my first alarm and out side waiting for Kevin to arrive. School used to be something that I look forward to. But knowing he probally wasn't going to be there was making it hard for me to be motivated about anything, let alone school. Without putting too much thought into it I pulled on an old pair of jeans and a blue jumper that was two sizes too big for me. While I knew it wasn't the most flattering look for me I held some hope that it would take attention away from my depressing B sized chest. "Kim! Your going to be late! Move it!" I took one last look in the mirror and frowned at the boring girl looking back at me. My brown hair was thin compared to most peoples and it reached just below my shoulders after weeks of attempting to let it grow. My glasses made my dark eyes look too big for my small head and my skin was the same dark shade as my dads. And then ofcourse there was the glasses. Even at my age my mum flat out refused to let me pick out my own pair. The end result was having to walk around with these chuncky things on my face. I shrugged it off like I did every morning, this was as good as it was going to get. "Kim!" "Coming mum!" I picked up my bag from the end of my bed and made my way down the stairs and to the kitchen, knowing there was no time for breakfast I picked up an apple from the fruit bowl and placed it in my pocket before kissing my mum goodbye. "I'll see you later" "Will you be coming straight home today?" I nodded, normally I would end up going round Kevins for a few hours before heading home. "Yeah, Kevin's grandparents are coming round for dinner tonight" My mum frowned in sympathy; she knew how much Kevin hated it when his grandparents came round. Kevin and I have been best friends for as long as I can remember. We had been raised together gone to school together and been there for all of each others mile stones in our lives. To put it simply we were as close as two friends could be. So when he had come out as gay two years ago I wasn't shocked. Sadly for some members of his family, mainly his grandparents, it was a different story. Instead of loving him for the person he was it was more like they were waiting for him to grow out of his "phase". "Wish him luck for me!" "Will do" I had almost reached the door when the screaming started. "Kim! Kim! Kim!" Realising my mistake I turned back to the breakfast table to see my little sister Amy sitting in her high chair, a pout on her face and her anger at being so easily forgotten clearly showing. Trying not to laugh at how cute she looked I gave her a quick hug and she held up her toy dog Hugo, insisting I do the same to him. "I'll see you later Bug" She smiled at the use of my pet name for her and I knew I was forgiven. I opened the front door to be greeted by the normal sound of "Pink" blaring from Kevins car. Regardless of the fact that I lived in one of the quietest roads of La Push he always insisted on having his music on loud in the mornings. Apparently it helps inpiring him for the day. As soon as he had been old enough Kevin had gone right out and passed his driving test. As much as I had begged my parents to do the same they still insisted on waiting in till I was older before letting me go near a car of my own. They claimed it was because we didn't have the money at the moment but I knew there was more to it then that. After what happened to my brother George I don't think my parents would ever want their children behind the wheel of a car. I took a deep breath and smiled before pushing those thoughts to the back of my mind. I looked at Kevins small blue car and felt my spirits lift, it wasn't the best one in the school parking lot but I loved it none the less, I had hours of happy memories in that car. Chucking my bag into the back I took my place in the passenger seat and turned down the music. Rather then protest like he normally would he flashed me a cheeky smile. "Morning" "Morning" I muttered before slumping back in my seat and closing my eyes. Dear god, its too early. He chuckled. "Well, someone woke up full of energy this morning" I smiled as he started up the car and we made our way to school. I rubbed my hands together and placed them against the old heater to feel the smallest gust of warm air. I huffed with irritation and stuffed my hands in my pockets, that boy really needed to fix the heating in this thing. Sensing I was being watched I turned to see Kevin looking at me everything few seconds with a frown in his face. "Yes?" "You need to get yourself sorted women. It's only been three weeks and you look about ready to give up" I sighed and sat up; we had already had this talk. "I'll have you know my mood had nothing to do with him" Lie. "I was up half the night doing that history report for Mr. Millor" He frowned. "Your brilliant at History Kim, why did it take you half the night?" I shrugged and looked out of the window, I don't think telling him how bad my attention span had been in that class for the last three weeks would help my case. Not to mention the fact that its hard to write a report on what you have been learning for the past month when you've spent your time staring at the class room door rather then writing some much needed notes. He scoffed and rolled his eyes. "Like hell your mood has nothing to do with him, ever since he went sick its been the same thing with you everyday. You wake up late, mope around all day like some broken puppy then go home and do the same thing the next day. Its not healthy" I bit my lip and tried to push down the rush of guilt I felt, as much as I hated it I knew he was right. I have been a crappy friend for the last few weeks. We pulled into the school parking lot and I stopped him before he could get out. "Kevin wait" He turned to me and I took a deep breath, I hated apologising, mostly because it meant I had done something wrong. "I'm sorry. Your right, I have been stuck in my own little world lately. I promise I'll suck it up and stop being such a cry baby" He watched me give him puppy dog eyes for a moment before he laughed. "We both know that is not going to happen. Your still going to go into your history lesson and spend all of it looking at the door, just waiting to see if today will be the day that he comes back" He shrugged as he pulled a mirror out of his bag and checked how he looked "I can't blame you really, if I didn't get my dose of eyes candy then I would go nuts too" He put the mirror away and smirked as Paul and Jacob walked passed "Luckily for me I like my candy in all flavours" I laughed. "You are such a pervert" "Better a pervert than a stalker" He joked as he climbed out of the car. Even though I knew he was joking the comment still stung a bit, not because I was insulted but because he was right. I guess I should explain. I have been in love with the same boy since I was five years old. I may have been young but as soon as he asked me to pass him the green pencil I was in love. Sadly even at that age I had been awkward around most people. To this day if I close my eyes I can still remember the sound of me attempting to stutter out a response to this thank you. It wasn't in till I had squeaked out a "thank you" that I realised he had already turned away. His name is Jared; he has dark rich hair and light brown eyes that could make my knees shake with a single glance. Not that he glanced at me often. There was something about him that made me want to be close to him. The only problem with me being in love with him is that despite the fact we have attended the same school for the past eleven years he still had no idea who I am. We have History class with each other. In fact we even share a desk. Maybe that's why it hurts so much that he had no idea I'm alive. Jared and I are complete opposites of one another, while I was a ghost in my own school everyone loved Jared, it seemed I wasn't the only one who saw how great he was. Along with his group of friends they were the most popular kids in school. They were the classic stereotype of most schools, all the boys wanted to be them and all of the girls wanted to date them. Sadly all of the girls falling at Jareds feet only served to make me more invisible. Normally I would be happy to just sit back in my seat and just be near him for part of my day but things were different now. Jared had gone off sick and from what I had heard not even his friends knew what was wrong with him.