It was an uncommon occurrence for the night of the full moon to coincide with the Spring Equinox. Unfortunately for Luna, it also happened to fall on the night before the students were set to leave for the Easter Hols. Usually, she would be home with /her father and be able to celebrate with the sweet stream running through their property. But, this Equinox was too important to ignore. The pull of the moon was simply too strong. Luna tried to ignore it. She really did. But Mother Moon knew her heart song too well to be ignored. She found herself slipping quietly from her bed once she was sure her roommates were all sound asleep; thankfully the house elves kept the hinges on thedoors well oiled. Skipping silently down the stairs to the common room, she paused to double check that no one around to witness her late night excursion. Peeking out, she only saw a couple of seventh years on the couch in front of the fire. By thelooks of things, they were far too interested in seeing who could swallow the other's tongue first. Luna couldn't help but make a face. Gross. No talent whatsoever. You'd think that a house known for its wisdom and knowledge, would have at least someoccupants interested in perfecting their technique a bit more. But apparently, amorous activities, and becoming proficient in pleasing others, didn't fall in the category of worthwhile pursuits. No matter. It suited her just fine, as they were fartoo busy sucking face to notice her creeping across the common room and out into the hallway. Closing the door silently behind her, Luna let out the breath she had been holding. Living in a tower full of curious Ravenclaws made them difficult to shake if you stirred their curiosity and Luna would have had a difficult time going unnoticed with /the moon tugging and trying to consume her thoughts and focus. Now that she was out of the common room, the rest would be easy enough. Filch really wasn't that difficult to avoid, with his loud wheezy breaths. Mrs Norris was a sucker if you were niceto her and fed her cheese curds from the Great Hall. Definitely an odd cat but it worked to Luna's advantage. The ghosts would never tattle on her either, as she was one of the few students who seemed to genuinely enjoy conversing with them. She wasrarely too busy for a chat. Naturally, all of this made it easy enough for Luna to work her way from the tower to the Entrance Hall. Who needed Harry's cloak to sneak around, when you were observant enough to know how to not get caught? Silly Gryffindors /should really pay more attention to detail. They'd probably find themselves in far less trouble. The doors had already been locked for the night, but that wasn't enough to stop her from making her exit. It also paid off to be on friendly terms with the house elves. Hermione should really do her research before choosing a crusade. It was worth theeffort to make friends with the elves. Luna was sure Hermione had never actually had a meaningful conversation with any of them. If she had, she would have known their magic was inherently connected to their service. Without a home—or castle, as itwere—to bind with, their magic would dwindle to the point of uselessness. Some elves could even die if their connection had been strong enough before it was broken. It was no wonder they were all terrified to clean the Gryffindor common room; theythought they might keel over and die if they accidentally picked up any of Hermione's hats. Although, Luna hadn't seen her make anything recently. It must be rather difficult to find the time to knit, when you were trying not to die, and researching like mad for a way to destroy the darkest wizard of all time. For her sake, Luna hoped they succeeded soon. Hermione could really use a break. Come to think of it, they all could. The threat of death certainly put a damper on things. Coming back to the task at hand, Luna summoned Winky to escort her outside. After taking her hand, and with a soft pop, they appeared on the other side of the doors in the courtyard. Once she made sure Winky would be ready for her when she returned, Luna /said her goodbyes, thanking the elf for her assistance and bidding her farewell for now. A soft breeze was blowing through the courtyard, ruffling her hair gently. Luna closed her eyes and breathed deeply. The fresh night air was intoxicating. Coming out had definitely been the right call. There was no way Luna could miss tonight. She couldhear the breeze rustling the leaves of the Forbidden Forest as if they were calling to her. It was a little difficult to make out, as trees weren't her particular area of expertise, but she was able to understand the gist of it. Running across thelawns toward the forest, Luna relished in the pull of her active muscles and the fresh air deep in her lungs. Merlin, that castle could get stuffy after a cold, isolated winter. She couldn't squash the laugh that escaped her as she savoured the freedomthat only being outdoors could bring. It didn't hurt that it was rather warm weather they were having for March as well. Luna had completely forgotten her shoes, but she didn't expect she would have much need for them anyway. Upon entering the shadow of the forest she slowed her pace. It wouldn't do to run face first into a tree before she had a chance for her eyes to adjust to the darkness. Taking cautious steps forward, Luna focused on the sounds around her, waiting to hearthat her escorts had arrived. They didn't keep her waiting long, which was good, as Mother Moon had intensified her pull. It must be getting closer to midnight as it seemed she was growing impatient. Hearing the familiar clomp of hooves, Luna turned to face the newcomers. Two centaursappeared out of the shadows before her. Both were male, as it simply wouldn't do for them to have her escorted by females. It was against their tradition as it might interfere with the magic. Silly centaurs, if they only knew, having more female companionswould only increase the magic. Mother Moon would see it as a gift. But they wouldn't listen. This is how it was always done, and always would be. Centaurs didn't change easily. As they came closer, Luna smiled. Alisor, on the left, had fair skin and a well-groomed caramel hide that matched the smattering of hair on his head and chest. He was slightly larger than his companion, more muscled. His eyes were a deep honey color andeverything about him would put a person at ease—he seemed so warm. Of course, it would be silly to forget that he was, in fact, a centaur and still extremely dangerous at the best of times, but people had a way of forgetting these things in the faceof beauty. It was a wise choice to send Alisor. He was far more in tune with the whispers of the forest than many of the others. Most were too concerned with the stars to remember they were not just reading the stories of the sky. They wereguardians of the wood as well. Turning to the centaur on the right she took in his midnight hide and tan skin. His eyes were such a pale blue they seemed to glow in the dim light. Though he was smaller, there was no mistaking this centaur as being warm. His sharp featureswere as cuttingand cold as ice. This centaur, Botein, had never had much love for outsiders. The two were opposites in every way, creating a balance. Fitting. A few feet before they reached her, the centaurs stopped. They silently regarded her as she, in turn, watched them. Luna waited for them to speak first. It was their forest after all, so it would be rather rude if she spoke first. Luna was many things,but rude was not one of them. The stare off only lasted a few moments before Alisor spoke. "We were beginning to wonder if you would show at all, little one." Just like the rest of his appearance, his voice was smooth as honey. Luna had always loved listening to him speak. It alsodidn't hurt that he was much more friendly than the others. "I wasn't planning on coming. But Mother Moon would not be ignored tonight it would seem," Luna replied. "I am sorry if I kept you waiting for long." Botein snorted at that. He had no patience for humans, or anything resembling them. They were all the same to him. Short sighted, with short lives and little patience. Botein felt they were all awaste of time, and he never missed anopportunity to makehis feelings clear. Folding his arms across his chest he said, "It would seem you are not alone tonight, little Luna. We were not expecting company. This is unacceptable. I knew it was only a matter of time before you turned your back and joined themcompletely. The other cannot be trusted, she thinks she is far too clever. She is, after all, the one who thought centaurs would do her dirty work last year with the toad woman." He was always looking for evidence suggesting Luna was going to destroythe forest. He was a slightly paranoid centaur. Hearing a twig snap behind her, Luna only half turned, before once again facing the centaurs. "She doesn't mean you any harm. She is more curious than anything, and her added power will only strengthen the ritual tonight. Let her come. This will be asgood for her as it will be for the forest. Shall we proceed? Mother Moon should not be kept waiting." Luna gently indicated toward the trees, heading deeper into the forest. The centaurs fell into step on either side of her, keeping watch, bow strings drawn tight. It wouldn't do to come this far and have something attack their only way of rejuvenating the forest. Some creatures living in the woods would be more than pleasedif Luna was unable to perform the ritual during the celebration tonight, thankfully she wouldn't be doing it alone. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Hermione leaned back in her chair, rubbing the heels of her palms against her eyes. She had several essays and books spread across the table she had taken over in the common room, having been kicked out of the library hours earlier. Madam Pince did notappreciate being kept later in the library than necessary. Luckily, Hermione had earned the stern woman's trust, so she was trusted to take as many books as she needed. Slumping forward, Hermione rested her head on the book in front of her. She hadrealized she had been reading the same page for the last forty minutes. Stupid. Useless. Book! Hermione had never felt so betrayed by a literary work. Having given up on her homework, she had beensearching for any information pertaining to Horcruxes. /So far, all she had learned was that they were too evil to describe. Well, thanks for that you useless shit. Why even mention it at all if you're only going to leave two or three sentences? Sitting up, she flipped to the cover more aggressively than /necessary. She wanted to make sure she remembered this useless author so she could write him a scathing letter about his complete lack of usefulness. Of course, that's when she noticed the print date on the cover page. 1876. Dammit! So no , she could at least avoid any of the idiot's other works in the future. Leaning back once more, Hermione looked out the window next to her. It was a full moon, so it was easy to see everything spread across the grounds. It really was a beautiful view from Gryffindor tower. Everything was bathed in