Sweet Neptune that man was gorgeous. The sunlight reflected off his golden hair, his perfect, tanned skin. She wondered if it tasted salty from the ocean spray. What she wouldn't give for a taste. She imagined his eyes were blue; she never actually got close enough to be able to tell. Blue like the sky above the waves. Yes, definitely blue. She heaved a sigh, wishing desperately that she could get closer. Close enough to see his eyes, hear his voice, touch his skin. But they were from different worlds, and the likelihood of their paths ever crossing was less than zero. It didn't help matters that they were actually different species. She rolled her eyes, her father's words sounding in her brain. This is your home, these are your people. What could that world possibly have to offer? There is nothing for you up there. Accept your place here, and start living your life. But she couldn't. She couldn't forget the warmth of the sun, the sound of the waves crashing on the sand, the stars shining at night, the sounds that traveled down to the beach from the small village. It was all consuming. Her thoughts plagued her with what ifs and maybe some days. Her imagination ran wild with trying to imagine what it must be like up there, with him. What he must do with his days when he wasn't there on the beach. Everyone who lived beneath the waves had seen the same sights, heard the same sounds, enjoyed the same experience, and yet none seemed to be drawn back in like she was. None seemed to understand the call of the land. It spoke to her heart, beckoning her to stand upon solid ground. To squish the sand between her ten, very human, toes. No one else seemed to hear the call. They were all completely satisfied to sink back beneath the waves. Sometimes the call became too great, to the point it created an actual pain in her chest. A pain that nothing but a trip to the surface could satisfy. She knew it wasn't normal. She also knew she wouldn't stop anytime soon. Couldn't stop. It made her feel special. Unique. It was her own little secret. Something she didn't have to share with anyone else. Didn't want to share with anyone else. This was hers . One day, she wouldn't have to hide behind the rocks like a coward. No, she wasn't built for cowering. One day, she would stand on that beach, tall and proud. She knew it with every fibre of her being, she was made for more . No, she was not made to run. She was made to conquer . Others were meant to run from her, to shudder at the very mention of her name, to fall to their knees as she passed by. She knew all of this with a certainty, but she had absolutely no doubt that she also needed him. There were no stars shining that night, nor the moon. Not that she would have noticed either way. Not with the sight that was before her. Her gaze was riveted. Gliding smoothly through the waves was the hull of a ship. From where she hid near the bow, she could hear music and laughter. Sweet Triton, what she wouldn't give to be up there in that moment. She had seen him board the ship so she knew he was there. Only a scant few feet above her head somewhere. Enjoying what sounded like a very pleasant party. She could hear the heavy tromp of booted feet against wood, the merry tinkling of laughter, the clinking of glass, and the lilting tune floating away on the breeze. She was slightly disgusted with herself. Here she was, hiding , once again. Unfortunately, showing herself at this point would be suicidal. She had seen it happen before. Members of her tribe getting overly confident, only to have a spear forced through their bodies to be unceremoniously dragged from the water. No, she would need to look like one of them before she made her move. She didn't want to end up dead after all. That would completely defeat her purposes. Revealing herself would have to wait for another day it seemed. For now she would have to content herself with listening and observing. From a safe distance. As the night wore on, the breeze became a wind. The wind continued to build into a gale. Apparently those on board had over indulged in whatever the substance was that seemed to make all humans take complete leave of their senses. When she had legs, she would never indulge in such a waste of time. She couldn't possibly fathom what could be so enjoyable about abandoning all form of reason. With the wind building the way it was and the waves becoming more violent, the humans would normally have already made their way back to land. Judging from the angry and panicked voices she could barely hear above the gale, something was wrong. They weren't staying out on the water by choice it would seem. Out of nowhere the rain began its unrelenting assault. The droplets meeting the waves only intensified the roar of the storm. She wondered what he was doing up there. She couldn't imagine him panicking, but she also couldn't imagine him raising his voice in anger. No, he was probably perfectly calm, trying to be reassuring while keeping everyone safe. Yes, that definitely seemed like the thing he would do in this situation. The night was alight with flashes of lightning reaching down towards the ocean. She couldn't help but watch the chaos unfold. Never before had she seen anything so wild and unbridled, answering to nobody and stopping for nothing. It was marvelous and free. If she had been human it would have taken her breath away. She watched with growing fascination as a fork of lightning reached down and kissed the top of the ship on which he was still a passenger. Fire leapt forth, reaching back towards the sky, trying to return to the heavens from whence it was created. She thought it was absolutely beautiful. The sudden rise in terrified screams only added to the moment. She was startled out of of her revery by the myriad of splashes nearby. Tearing her gaze away from the burning vessel, she realized there were humans in the water. They were jumping . There was clearly no hope of putting out the flames that were now consuming their ship. She briefly wondered how a human looked as their lungs filled with water, and was just about to get a closer look when she remembered he was on that ship. The ship that was now burning, slowly sinking beneath the storm tossed waves. She had seen how well humans fared in the water before. Only a select few seemed to be able to keep themselves from sinking beneath the waves, limbs thrashing about in an ungainly manner, no grace or confidence to the movements, trying desperately to stay above the water. Above the water meant air; human lungs needed air in order to live. Watching the mass of bodies writhing, trying to stay afloat, she didn't have much confidence that there would be many survivors from this outing. It didn't look like many of them would have done very well if the waters had been calm, let alone amidst the white caps. There was very little hope for them among the storm tossed waves. Many seemed to be weighed down by the billowing coverings they wore. Not terribly practical. It made her wonder briefly at their level of intelligence. Clearly, they hadn't been planning on there being any issues with staying in the boat tonight. She rolled her eyes. Well, it was their own fault really. Her people had all kinds of plans if the worst should happen in any situation. She didn't have much sympathy for anyone who hadn't thought far enough ahead to consider the possibility of something going wrong. She had her own problems anyway. Like finding her human. She had seen him in the water before, so she knew he at least wasn't going to immediately sink. However, it seemed legs could only do so much in the water and she didn't have a lot confidence he would have the strength to survive the storm. There was not much point in keeping herself hidden from those humans who were already sinking into the cold depths. They didn't pose any threat to her at this point. They would all be dead before they could harm her or tell anyone else what they had seen. She focused her search to those near the surface, hoping desperately that he was amongst the lucky few able to keep their heads up. The longer she looked, the more that hope died. He wasn't there. Which meant he had already been swallowed up by the angry sea. Her chest tightened at the thought. She couldn't lose him now. She needed him to be okay! She needed him ! She redirected her search and looked more closely at those faces the water had claimed. Living under the surface had its uses. Everything about her body had been designed for survival beneath the waves. Her eyesight was far superior to that of the humans floating around her. They would probably only see murky shadows and shapes, while she saw every detail in every face. It made her search that much quicker. Desperation was beginning to build as she continued her search, going deeper and deeper, trying to find the one face that meant everything to her. She had found herself level with the ship in her search when the thought occurred to her that maybe not everyone had made it off the ship before it made its descent. This spurred her into action, moving swiftly to see if she could find any signs of someone being trapped within. She didn't have to look far as she noticed a booted foot caught in a rope, the rest of the body disappearing from her view. Moving around the obstructing wood, she felt the pressure in her chest release. She had found him. He was here. But judging by how far down the ship had sunk already, he probably didn't have much more time. He couldn't survive down here. He needed air. She rushed forward to free his foot, only for her webbed fingers to keep slipping around the knots uselessly. Frustration mounting, she looked around for anything that might help her. Being underwater unfortunately meant everything that wasn't strapped down had already floated away. There was nothing. She gripped her hair in aggravation. He would not die here! It would not end like this! They had their whole lives ahead of them! NO. This was unacceptable. Taking one final look around, a glint of metal caught her eye. There, nestled into his belt, was a knife. He must have forgotten it was there in all the panic and chaos. Perfect. She reached forward and snatched the knife from its holster and immediately began cutting away at the ropes keeping him bound. The metal hilt was still difficult for her to hang on to, but she managed as best she could. Her only focus being cutting through as quickly as possible, and not cutting him with her frenzied movements. Finally, the last thread was cut, and his leg fell free. Gripping him beneath his arms, she slammed her tail against the water, hurtling toward the surface, not wanting to waste any more time. Her heart lodged in her throat as the thought of being too late flittered through her mind. She forcefully squashed the thought as quickly as it had come. No. Being too late was completely unacceptable. As long as there hadn't been much time since passing, there would still be magics she could work that would bring him back.