A/N: Hey it's me! This is the new story! Sorry if the beginning is a little bit boring but it gets better. Review and should I continue this story? The Sea's Daughter Let me tell you this, I hate school. I know, I know, everybody says the same too, but I seriously mean it. And I'm pretty sure I have a good reason, too. Let me introduce myself. I'm Alexis Milano, thirteen – soon to be fourteen. Let me start from when I was, eh, 8? Yeah, that when I got my first kiss, and when things started to go bad. I didn't like getting kissed at a such young age. Eight is young, but I was young and unknowing. I know the age 8 is very early for a real kiss, and this was not a little peck from the other guy you were making sandcastles and the parents say "Aww!" Don't get me wrong, but I barely knew him, all I know that his name was Fred and he was moving to Greece and something about that he wanted to live on the sun. I first met him in a park that nobody goes to and we played with each other before he went to the airport. I liked those times, we could hang out with whoever we wanted without people think, 'Uh, what are you doing here?' He kissed me, like 5 seconds and when I opened my eyes, he was gone, like he flashed out or something. He also had sand colored hair and sky blue eyes that I've always thought were cute. After the kiss, I went to beach with my mom. At that time I lived in California before I moved to New York. My mom's name is Sasha Milano. We were always at the beach, sipping Peach Ice Tea. I've always admired how beautiful she was, with her long curly bronze brown with the blonde highlights and her deep blue eyes. I had her hair, sadly, my hair is dry from saltwater, but I did not have the eyes. My eyes were sea- green that always changed color of my mood; they also seem to glow if I'm really angry or sad. I'm a weirdo. Since my mom doesn't have sea-green eyes, I assume my dad had. I've never met my dad, but my mom said he was lost at the sea because he was a sailor. My hair is also very weird, whenever I get it wet and if want my usually curly hair iron straight, it's like it obeys. I just need to get it wet and wish it to be the way I want. Even fancy curls, or really straight hair, everything. But it's bad too, people ask if my room is a personal hair salon. My mom was always nice, even when we had a hard life with the little money. She was smart, and she was addicted to the Greek mythology. She is half Spanish because her dad was Spanish and her mom was American. Mom lived in Spain all her life, before she moved here when I was 2, and she said in Spain she met my dad. I was born in Spain, and it was hard for mom to get any money since her grandparents died, so she always had problem to get any money. She is very intelligent, so she wanted to be teacher, but nobody hired her. Mom always read stories about the Greek mythology like Jason and the Argonauts. She also said there was a world with all that stuff, but I'm pretty sure she only said it to make me interested. When were at the beach, my mom always seem to forget the worries, like she was drawn to water, like me. I sat on soft sand, feeling the sea breeze through the hair, while the people passed us like normal people. But it was rare that people didn't steal a glance at my mom and me, maybe it was weird seeing people like this now. I had a nice day, until it got ruined. You see, there were a few people that were looking after a beautiful lady to be their next top model. Very weird, huh? Trust me it gets weirder. They spotted my mom, and they signed her in to be the next big shot. They also spotted me, first they were shocked, and then their mouths open like a fish. I didn't like teh attention they gave me. My mom did it to get more money, but she had to travel all around the world. The model people didn't want me with her, because having a kid will ruin her image. So she abandoned me becoming one of the biggest models is the world. Before the model people left with my mom, they gave me a card, and they said when I got older I should call them and get a job, but now I'm pretty sure the card is a milk cartoon now. Now my mom is the famous Sasha Milano that everybody knows about and every teenage guy have poster of her in their room. The perfect Milano lady, that always is on the cover of Vogue and other magazines. Mom left me at a foster home, but it was crappy so I left, and this has continued. I leave my foster home because some of them abused me or is just plain mean, but people found me at the streets and they put me into another one. But this one I have now is probably the best, even if Stella isn't that nice. She only took me home to make me work with models because she said I was "pretty" and she could get a lot of money because of me. Sorry, this probably sound like a bad copy of Cinderella. I'm kinda a model, I don't think much about it, maybe because I simply hate modeling. But I haven't run away because I get clothes and food. All I want is a mother to love me, and I feel that my real mom doesn't. Now I'm stuck at Stella's mansion that she bought with the money and I managed to become the soccer and volley ball team's captain. It's pretty easy to be the captain in this school, the girls could hardly touch a ball without running away. Sports it's the only thing that I'm good in, I was in pretty bad shape before, but I started to play sports. School is the worst. I suck at English because of my dyslexia and the only thing I'm good is Greek mythology and math. Also science if it's about water and stuff like that. They would probably kick me out because the bad grades, (it's a nerd school) but since the teams are hopeless without me; they wouldn't take the chance and lose the finals. I hate school because the boys are always staring at me (annoying), with their mouths open and the popular girls are kind of wannabes. But I don't want to be friends with them; I have Audrick, Christie and Maddie. Audrick is weird, but funny. He looks like a goat with his curly brown hair, dark skin and he had kind of goat like features. Maddie and Christie are nice, but they are distant, like they are afraid the popular girls will be mean to them because of me. They are sweet and stuff, but sometimes I feel like they are not real friends, because they always says "you are so much prettier than me", it makes me sick. I know I should thank for the 'looks' i got, but it was pure mom. I'm not attractive if you get to know me. Once I slept over at Maddie's and I managed to ruin their bed sheets with my drool and somehow ruin their expensive vase. Don't worry, I managed to pay for it. I didn't realize I zoned off in my thoughts before Audrick nudged me. All the guys were sending him jealous looks, but he didn't back down. "Someone who want to give it try?" the math teacher Mr. Olsen said. Nobody answered, I was decent in math but I don't want to humiliate myself in front of the class. He sighed. "Miss. Milano if you may." I cursed and slowly rose from the chair - that creaked a lot, and walked towards the blackboard. Boys were looking at me like a lost puppy and girls were giving me, ah, not so heartwarming looks. Christie was nervously fiddling with her pencil, not looking at me and Maddie were just staring outside. So supportive. Mr. Olsen – who was holding a piece of chalk, handed it to me. I looked at the question, and I sighed. It wasn't so hard, but I could take wrong because of my dyslexia. I started solve it, when I was done I looked at my teacher. "How did you find out the answer?" I hesitated before I answered. "Uh, I first divided the number, then I multiplied it, right?" I said unsure. "That's right." I widened my eyes in excitement. "So I was right?" I asked hopefully. He nodded and I smiled, feeling that this was getting better. The bell ringed and I ran to the cafeteria to avoid the popular Barbie girls. But I didn't succeed. When I got my lunch tray, with 'food' on it, I went to my usual table with, Audrick, Christie and Maddie. But of course I got stopped by the people I wanted least to see. They linked arms with med and I tried to break free, but they had arms like steel. "Lexie, honey," Macy- the leader of the popular guys said, "come with us; you can't hang with losers like that." She pointed at the table with the others. Maddie and Christie looked down; trying not to get noticed and Audrick were glaring at Macy and her gang, at least he was a real friend. "Come with the cool guys." I looked first at the 'cool table', seeing the boys nodding their head enthusiastically and trying to make their appearance better. Weirdoes. Then I looked at their clown make- up covered faces. Seriously, they were thirteen and they used so muck make up that I'm afraid they raided a clown. I narrowed my eyes, "No thanks," I said coldly and I managed to break free from the arm linking. I went to my table and got greeted by Audrick. I opened my pudding and started to eat it slowly. "They will never stop you know," Audrick said looking at me with sympathy. I sighed. "I know that, Audrick. But I'll never be friends with people like that." Christie looked up, showing her glasses and blue- green eyes. "Alexis," she said twirling with a dark brown lock, "we all know that you're obviously out of our league." I looked at her. There was it again, she was saying it like she meant: "you're so much prettier than me, why don't you hang out with the cool people." Again, I should listen to the others, but I don't want hang out with Macy and the others. "Christie don't say that," I said,"you're actually very pretty, but you never realize that." I mean it, she would be pretty if she actually used conditioner and took away the glasses. But the glasses were kind of cute in nerdy-chic way. "Yeah, Chris," Maddie said looking up showing her dirty blonde hair and hazel eyes. "You need to get rid of the glasses." Christie smiled, why didn't she smile when I said she was pretty? It was Maddie's vase I knocked over, not Christie's. Or was it Christie's? I have a bad memory. "Thanks Maddie, you're pretty too." Maddie smiled weakly. "Thanks," she said, "but not as beautiful as Alexis though.# I frowned at her; they had to go through that again. "Mads, don't go through that again. " Maddie just rolled