This story is not all human, it is canon to the twilight saga and to my previous stories, it's only going to be a short series, maybe only 10 chapters. I will try and keep this spoiler free for Forever After but there may be some clues about the future and what will happen in that story, so you have been warned. It's just a segment of Edward and Bella's life, a hundred years on. It's not imperative to read my previous stories but I suggest you visit my blog and read up on 'The Luna Bambini' (the tab along the top) to explain how Edward and Bella have more than just Renesmee. Don't hesitate to ask me any questions. Blog: BellaNessieCullen. Blogspot. Com Bella Cullen I watched as she ran through the sand away from the house, something she did every morning, in her bare feet, since she refused to wear any kind of shoes. My youngest daughter. Elizabeth Esther Cullen, born 15th August 2130. She was beautiful, Edward and I had her on Isle Isabella, an island we'd been living on, away from civilisation for forty years. I loved it here, it was like there was no time here, there was night and day and land and water and heat and rain. We had rainstorms that would flood the island and we had scalding hot days with not one drop of water discoverable on land. We lived here with our daughter, Elizabeth. She was a moon pool child, just like our son Eddie, who was living with his wife, Chloe, in Europe. I never imagined having more children, especially after the birth of my eight grandchildren and the generations that came after them. Living on an island, only leaving it to hunt once a week cut me off from them though, a hundred years after having my first children I was craving their childhood back. I wasn't the only one and it didn't take me long to convince my husband Edward to visit the Moon Pool again. We had been back a few times since we lived here, but never to make another child. It wasn't until about 8 months ago that I found the courage to ask him for another child. It had been so long since we had had our own or even been in the lives of children. The last children I was close to were my own great grandchildren, after that they seemed to spread out, our descendants becoming uncountable and even more human every generation. The youngest generation I knew about were my great great great great grandchildren, Carlisle was adamant he would keep track of our extending family, they all knew him, they all knew what their family was, their non-aging ancestors still living in different parts of the world; the origin of their wealth. Anyone with Cullen and Black blood were wealthy, not one of them went forgotten; Carlisle made sure of that. I hadn't met the youngest two generations, every generation seemed to be further and further away from me, the vampire gene was completely diluted, there were no more hybrids born into the family, Jacob's gene still lived on though, the families that remained in Washington still bore sons that turned into wolves. Carlisle and Esme still owned the house in La Push; they still lived there unless they were scouring the earth for our descendants. Alice, Jasper, Rosalie and Emmett all lived in Italy, close to each other and their children. Renesmee was with Jacob still in the USA, although they were not in Washington anymore, they stayed within the country so Jacob was easily accessible if he was ever needed at home. Their children had spread out around the country too but they had all remained in the Americas which was nice, our granddaughter Sarah was living in Brazil with her husband still so they often came to see us. "Nessie will be here in an hour, don't take too long" I called after my daughter. Elizabeth, or as Edward and I called her 'Beth' for short was physically 6 years old. She was only 6 months old which meant she was a quarter of the way through her growing. I knew it would pain me to see her turn two, it would mean she was fully grown and free to do as she liked but it was life and I was making the most of it whilst I had her. She was proof I was able to have more children in another hundred years if I got restless again. Beth had yet to meet her older siblings, she knew of them though, we told her a new story every night of her brother and sister or of the Cullen family. She knew everything about who she was, that she already had possibly a hundred nieces and nephews. We didn't scare her of tales of the Volturi or the threats our family had seen over the years, we reminded her of how powerful her family was and how lucky she was to be so protected. The first member of our family to meet Beth was Esther, she had come not long after Beth was born, being the original moon pool child she could sense every time a new one was born, she had come only a day after Beth's birth to congratulate us. Esther stayed for a few weeks and Beth adored her completely, they were the only two female Luna bambini and I think Esther was glad that she finally wasn't the only one. She left us to return back to Italy. We invited all our family to come and meet her but only Alice, Jasper, Esme and Carlisle had managed to come so far, I understood my family were busy and they would have plenty of time to meet her in the future. We invited Eddie and Nessie to the island for a vacation and it was only now that they were able to come. Nessie was due to arrive with Jacob within the hour; Eddie was arriving the day after with Chloe. I often wondered how my older children would react. I walked away from the window where I had watched Beth run from and into the living area. Edward was sitting on the couch with a book in his hands. I walked over to him and leant over the back of the couch to wrap my arms around his neck. I kissed his shoulder and neck. "Im trying to read" he groaned. I giggled and kissed him again. "Beth gone on her run?" he asked. "Mhmm" I mumbled as I reached his jaw bone, he put his book down in less than a second, and using his vampire speed he pulled me over the back of the couch and onto his body. I laughed at the speed he did it and closed the distance between us to kiss him passionately. Being with Edward was just the same as it ever was, I thought after a hundred years things would be different, and they were, being with him was like a very well-rehearsed dance, it was familiar and natural, but it still felt as hot as it was at the beginning. His touch still burnt desire in my stomach; it still made me want to be with him every second of the day. When we first decided to come here, to live here, we had gone days doing nothing but staying in our bed. Only moving to hunt and allow the cleaners to tidy the house before we were back there again. We had everything imported, books and games and anything we wanted. When we decided to have Elizabeth, I went online and ordered every baby, toddler and child essential we would need until she was fully grown. "Beth will be back soon, I told her she couldn't stay out long" I told Edward pulling away when he tried to lift my shirt over my head. He pouted and I giggled at him before standing up to straighten out my clothes. It was just in time because Beth came through the back door, she was panting as she always did, and she went straight to the fridge and pulled out a bottle of blood. We kept them so we didn't have to go to the main land so often, it was mostly for Elizabeth, as a child she had to have blood more than Edward and I did. "Are you going to change your dress before Renesmee gets here?" I asked her. She nodded and recapped the bottle before putting it back in the fridge. "Which dress do you think I should wear momma?" she asked skipping towards me, she leapt into my arms and I held her on my hip. She was wearing a blue dress but it was dirty already from her run. "Let's go look" I told her and carried her to her bedroom. Her bedroom was very simple. It reminded me of Renesmee's when she was a child, it was mostly white but instead of blue, Beth had yellow accents around the room, the canopy was a light yellow, her bed covers had yellow hearts on a white background, her dressing table accessories were yellow, photo frames too; holding pictures of her with the family she had met. Yellow was Beth's favourite colour which is why we picked out a yellow and white dress for her to wear to meet Nessie. She only had summer dresses, shorts and t shirts. She had never experienced cold and never even seen snow. The older she got the less the heat affected her, she just liked the feel of the dresses on her skin, on the outside she was a complete girly girl, the opposite of me, she loved getting new packages from her Aunt Alice, Alice would send her dresses every month and in return I took a picture every day of Beth so Alice could see her niece grow up. I also forwarded these pictures to Esme and Carlisle as they would often send gifts for her too. Although she adored her dresses and dolls she also loved exploring, swimming and running. Every morning she leaves the house after shes woken up, usually in the clothes she'd worn the day before, and run down the beach, she said she liked feeling the sand in the morning before it got hot. She liked having a morning swim and climb. It was like her morning ritual, something she had done since she was able to swim at a month old. She would spend all day exploring the island; she knew it by now like the back of her hand. She knew it better than even Edward and I did. We allowed her out alone because there was nothing on this island we didn't know about. We were the only people here, the cleaners came on set days and we greeted them as they left their boat. They never saw our daughter, only cleaned up after her. We made sure she was out of the house doing her own thing, climbing, running or swimming whilst they were here. She loved the island, she had never known civilisation and I planned to keep it that way until she was fully grown, if she wanted to live on the main land, go to the US or Europe, that was her choice. But I always wanted to live here when Nessie was a child, keep her from the dangers of the real world as she grew up and I never had the chance. I did with Beth and I was making the most of it. She only ever went into Brazil if we had to hunt, but even then Edward and I tried to make sure there was enough blood in the house for her to survive on. She was safe here and it was her island more than ours. It was her home, her sanctuary and