This story is canon to my other stories but it CAN be read as a separate story. Only a few things may confuse you but they will be explained I need to mention two very important people before I start this story, Way of Life and KleoCullen. Without either of you two this story would never have happened so thank you. This story is for you both :) September 2146 Clara Cullen-Taylor "There once was a man born hundreds of years ago. He lived in England in the capital city of London, he couldn't remember much of his early life but he was a son of a pastor and someone who hunted vampires, werewolves and witches. When his father grew old he decided to take over and it wasn't long before he came across a real vampire lair, he was a fool enough to try and kill the vampires, leaving him to be bitten and left for dead. This man was smart and hid through his transformation, and finally emerged three days later as a vampire, he was so distraught and horrified by what he was that he tried to kill himself lots of different ways but none of them worked, he starved himself and lived deep in the woods, it wasn't until he fed off a herd of deer that he released he could live off animals and not have to kill humans. This man was called Carlisle and he was the beginning of a long line of powerful and endless descendants. Carlisle Cullen built his family by saving people in danger or close to dying; he made a coven for himself consisting of just seven vampires to start with. The seventh member was a young boy, only turned at the age of seventeen and was the only one in the Cullen coven without a mate, after one hundred years of being alone he finally met the one person he wanted to be with, only she was human. The human decided she wanted to be turned so she could be with the Cullen boy forever but on their wedding night the human fell pregnant with a demon baby; it ripped its way out of her body and ate everything in its path. "RAWR!" I screamed at my sister, she screamed back and I just laughed. "That's not the whole story!" my baby sister moaned at me after she was over the shock, it had been so quiet in the room as I told her the legend of Carlisle Cullen that my shout made her scream so loud I was surprised our mother didn't come running into the room. "It wasn't a demon baby, it was a beautiful little girl that was half vampire half human and she married a werewolf and they had werewolf and vampire babies and then they had human babies and they had human babies and so on until we were born." I rolled my eyes. "Sure Sophie. Our great great something grandpa is a vampire," I told her and kissed her forehead before I tucked her quilt around her. "I think it's true. Mommy says shes seen Carlisle, the vampire the story starts with." "She says she has… but I haven't and I won't believe it all until I do. There isn't just him there's all them other vampires that could have met us already but they haven't, they don't care about us Sophie, if they existed and they were so friendly and loving and family orientated as the stories say they would have come to see me by now. I'm seventeen soon. That's a lot of years they could have met me in," I explained to her. I didn't believe any of it. The vampires hadn't come to see their great great times something granddaughter because they didn't exist, my great great great what every grandpa was dead, somewhere buried or cremated, I didn't know and didn't care. "I like the stories of the Cullen's." "Except we only know Carlisle's name, I think it was all just made up Sophie. Im sorry, it would be nice if Carlisle was real, magical even but it's not true," I told her and gave her another kiss. She pouted. "I dream about the little girl, the half human half vampire one that grew up to have children with a werewolf. All the time, I think shes real." "Oh so what's her name?" I asked her with a laugh, she frowned then. "I don't know," she replied. "Go to sleep Sophie, dream of your half human half vampire friend, just don't get too scared when she comes to suck your blood," I teased her, her eyes widened at the thought. "They're good vampires! They don't drink human blood." "That's right Sophie, if you ever see a vampire make sure they have gold eyes, if they have red you have to run," I told her sarcastically. "I will!" she chimed, completely oblivious to the sarcasm in my tone. She closed her eyes and I shook my head in disbelief, my five year old sister was so gullible it was ridiculous, I loved teasing her. "Were you telling your sister stories again?" my mom asked as I walked out the room. I shrugged. "She likes the legends, I just put a twist on them," I smiled. She rolled her eyes. "Only you think they're not true Clara, I've met Carlisle, he's a kind and gentle man." She told me. "Yeah yeah," I laughed. "Of course he is… a kind and gentle vampire that never wants to hurt anyone and is a doctor and has saved thousands of lives and survives off animal blood," I said with another laugh. "It's true." She told me. "Of course mother," I rolled my eyes and walked to my room, still chuckling. It was the opposite of what a vampire was supposed to be, how did she expect me to believe that? "You're going to be so sorry when you're proven wrong!" my mom called out. "No I won't because I'm not wrong," I laughed back. My mom was my best friend; we teased each other just as much as I teased my little sister. My mom was only young when she had me, she was just seventeen, her and my dad were childhood sweethearts and he got her pregnant in high school. It wasn't until I was eleven years old that they had another child, after much persuasion from me. I didn't want to be an only child, I wanted a baby sister and thanks to technology my parents chose the gender of their child and Sophie was born. Sophie was named after my mother's younger sister who died of leukaemia when she was only four years old. I always asked why I wasn't named Sophie and my mom told me that Carlisle named me. This was something I refused to believe after all I had never met Carlisle and the idea of him giving my mom name ideas was just too surreal for me. She claimed she met him when she was pregnant with me and he hasn't been back since. I think part of the reason I was so bitter about my legendary vampire family was because if they had been real they would have saved my dad. He died in an accident the year my sister was born, it wasn't quick, and he was in the hospital for days before he died. I remember, being only eleven years old holding my baby sister in my arms as I watched my mom crying over my father. If my vampire family were real they would have saved him, they would have changed him and he'd still be with us now. We supposedly had some legendary twins in our family, twins that could control when someone died; I didn't believe it for a second but the day my father died part of me wondered why they weren't there. Why couldn't they have been there when he died? I wanted my father back more than anything but I knew I had been dreaming of a false hope. It was then that I knew the legends weren't true. I stopped believing them the second my dad was taken away from me. After finishing my homework I crawled into my bed, smiling at the frame that held a picture of my dad and saying goodnight to him before falling asleep. "Clara! Wake up!" my mom was banging on the door. "It's an exciting day today!" she called. I groaned and turned over in my bed, checking the time. It was 7am, time to get up for the first day of school. I was a junior now. I dressed like a zombie, grabbed my sketch book and shoving it in my bag before lazily making my way down the stairs. "Good morning beautiful," my mom chimed at me. "Hi," I mumbled and sat down next to my sister who was already eating her chocolate covered cereal, it grossed me out that she was eating chocolate for breakfast. "Why are you so excited?" I asked my mom. "Well you wouldn't believe it if I told you," she told me and put my cornflakes in front of me. "Try me," I mumbled. "Carlisle called," she answered. "Of course he did." "Really?! What did he say mommy?" Sophie asked. "Why do you encourage her? She's starting school today, her friends will think shes weird talking about vampires and werewolves," I told my mother. "I don't encourage anything; you're the one that tells her all the stories." "That you told me, " I clarified. "Well you may have some new kids in school today that's all," she told me and continued to make her coffee. "Right," I mumbled in return and quickly finished my cornflakes, I didn't believe what she was saying, I just didn't understand why she was encouraging Sophie to believe in all the stories, I knew I told her them but I always reminded her they weren't true, was I the only one concerned for her school life? I had seen bullying first hand in middle school, I wasn't exactly popular growing up, I kept to myself and didn't like attention. I hate birthdays for that very reason, all I wanted to do was draw and listen to music and hang out with my best friend, Elijah. We had met in kindergarten and been best friends ever since. Most people thought we were dating but I had never seen Elijah in that way, he was my best friend and I told him everything, including the legends about my family. He laughed them off with me and was the only person I knew that didn't believe them. I had cousins that lived by me, they were practically my siblings I saw them that often, my mother was close to all her siblings which meant we didn't live far from their family home where my grandparents lived. They all believed the stories too. "Clara!" my mom called just as I left. "Yes?" I asked. "Don't make plans for tonight, you're staying home okay?" she asked, I frowned. "I'm going to Elijah's after school, I always do," I reminded her. "As long as you're back before dark. Promise me Clara," she begged, there was something in her voice that concerned me. "Sure mom, I promise," I said, I didn't understand why she was so adamant but as I made my way to school I wondered what had her worried. I arrived at school early and found my usual seat in the library to do some sketching before school, I loved to draw, even though I didn't think I was any good it kept my mind off things. It distracted me and I listened to music as I drew what came to my mind, I could spend hours like this. By the time school started I was in my own little world, I completely missed first period and quickly made my way to