Harry Potter, also known as The Boy Who Lived by those from the wizarding world, was sitting on a swing in the park near his aunt and uncle's home and thinking about the events of the past year. Unlike other teenagers his age he was quite accustomed to strange, and sometimes horrible, things happening to him. His parents were killed when he was merely a year old by the most feared Dark wizard of all time and when he tried to kill Harry something prevented him from doing so, leaving Harry with a lightning shaped scar on his forehead and the title of being the one who defeated Lord Voldemort. However, this didn't even cover half of the events in Harry's life leading up to now. After his parents were murdered he was sent to live with his aunt Petunia (his mom's sister), her husband Vernon Dursley and their child Dudley Dursley. Up until Harry was placed on their doorstep the Dursleys' lives had been completely normal and they were proud of it. They counted themselves lucky not to have been tainted by the strangeness that followed Petunia's wretched sister and her good-for nothing husband. Needless to say, that when Vernon opened the front door on the morning of November 1st, he was less than pleased to find a blanket covered baby in a basket where his newspaper was supposed to be. He had been about to head back inside to call the authorities about the abandoned child but before he could even take a step back inside the house an envelope flew from under the covers of the sleeping infant and hovered right under his nose. Vernon sputtered and proceeded to turn different shades of red. Magic was not allowed in his house! He wouldn't have any of this crazy mumbo-jumbo infect his life. As soon as that thought entered his mind his wife came up behind him to check what was taking so long and saw the letter hovering in the air. She stopped behind her husband and stared for a few seconds at her name scrawled on the piece of paper and then glanced down at the floor. Upon seeing the baby with the black hair and green eyes she knew exactly who he was and instinctively knew that whatever was in that letter would change their lives forever. She couldn't have been more right. From that day onwards, Harry James Potter started living under the Dursleys' roof and was placed under their care; if you could even call it that. He wasn't treated like family, or even a human being. To them he was a freak. Worthless. Pathetic. A burden. He wasn't worthy of their attention and definitely not their affection since he was, after all, the reason that their lives would never be normal. They fed him when they needed to, bathed him when he needed to be bathed but never did he receive any hugs. Never did they kiss him goodnight or cuddle and comfort him when he had a nightmare. Instead they bestowed double the amount of affection on their son Dudley. On his birthday Dudley got hundreds of presents, whereas Harry didn't learn when his birthday was until he was sent to kindergarten and the teacher made a calendar of all the birthdays in the class. Why couldn't they love him like they loved Dudley? What was so different about him? It wasn't until his eleventh birthday when he got his first Hogwarts letter that he got his answer: He was a wizard. His first year as a part of the magical world started off with a trip to Diagon Alley, a magical market, where he bought his first wand and was given a beautiful white owl -which he named Hedwig- by his new friend Hagrid, the school´s grounds keeper. The rest of his visit was a complete roller coaster of events. He learned that he was famous, that his parents weren't really killed by a drunken driver like his aunt and uncle had him believe, that hidden on the other side of a wall behind a small pub in London was an entrance to the wizarding world and he also learned that his nightmares of green light and the scar on his forehead were connected. All of this was revealed before he even started his first year at the magical school in Scotland known as Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and he definitely was not prepared for what was waiting for him behind those castle walls. Not only did he make new friends with a boy named Ron Weasley and a girl named Hermione Granger, he also became the youngest Quidditch player in a century and was plagued all year long about the mystery of the Philosopher's Stone and the person who was trying to steal it. Eventually he and his two best friends went in pursuit of the thief by themselves and, after struggling their way through a maze of tasks, Harry met the man that had killed his parents -and had tried to kill him- for the second time and, once again, managed to escape alive. Harry's second year at the school wasn't much better. A meddling house-elf prevented him from receiving any of his friends' letters during the summer and purposefully caused him a number of injuries when playing Quidditch. As if that wasn't enough, messages were being written in blood all over the school walls claiming that the heir of Slytherin had finally arrived and had opened the Chamber of Secrets to release the monster within. Naturally Harry and his friends were caught in the middle of this. With half-blood students being attacked and petrified left and right, Harry was desperate to find out who this heir was and where the Chamber of Secrets was located. Unfortunately for him his time seemed to have run out when Hermione got petrified on her way back from the library and then Ginny, the smallest sister of Ron, was captured and taken down to the chamber. Once Harry and Ron figured out where the Chamber of Secrets was they enlisted the unwilling help of the cowardly professor Lockhart and headed down to save Ginny. On the way to the chamber Harry got separated from Ron and professor Lockhart and went on to save Ginny on his own. After entering the chamber, he found Ginny lying unconscious on the floor -barely alive- next to a diary with the name Tom M. Riddle written on the cover. That same man then materialized out of thin air in front of Harry and revealed that he had been trapped inside the diary and had been forcing Ginny to write the messages on the walls with animal blood while he controlled the monster through her. A basilisk. Regrettably, he shed light onto something else as well; his true identity. He was none other than the memory of Lord Voldemort who, by killing Ginny and taking in her life force, would come back to power. Desperate to save Ginny's life Harry tried to use magic against Voldemort but quickly found out that it was useless and after that attempt he was too busy trying to escape the giant basilisk that was chasing after him, intent on killing its prey. Killing a basilisk was close to impossible but after Harry did so with the sword of Gryffindor he approached the diary and stabbed it with a venomous basilisk fang that he had found embedded in his arm. By stabbing the diary, he saved Ginny's life and cut off the source of power for Voldemort, effectively defeating him once again. Fighting the fast-moving venom flowing through his system, Harry went over to a now awake Ginny and leaned down next to her, intent on convincing her to go on without him but was interrupted by Fawkes -Headmaster Dumbledore's phoenix- flying in through the entrance. The phoenix landed next to the boy and cried healing tears into his wound, saving him from death, and then flew the two students out of the chamber. All of these events, in Harry's opinion, cannot compare with what occurred to him in his third year. No, he did not face Voldemort a fourth time or venture into the Forbidden Forest to battle a dragon. Something far more monumental happened. He discovered he had one last, decent family member left. Sirius Orion Black. His godfather. The man who had been sentenced to a lifetime in Azkaban, the most feared place on earth for witches and wizards, a prison in which creature called dementors haunt the halls literally feeding on the souls of the prisoners. He'd been sentenced for a crime he hadn't committed: the betrayal of Harry and his parents, Lily and James Potter. At the time of the first war against Voldemort and his followers -Death Eaters- the Potters were one of his main targets and he wanted them dead. So, it was decided that in order for them to be safe they were to go under the Fidelius Charm, a charm that was placed over a location and prevented everyone else except for the Secret Keeper from seeing it, finding it or even touching it. The purpose of this charm was to basically hide the secret of the location inside a Secret Keeper and unless the Keeper willingly told you the secret then you have no chance of finding it. Even if someone to whom the secret was told to tried to tell someone else, they would physically be unable to. Only the Secret Keeper had that kind of power. It was believed -and still is- that Sirius was the one entrusted with keeping the Potters' secret but what the rest of the world didn't know was that at the last-minute Sirius convinced the Potters to change Secret Keepers, thinking that it would be obvious for him to be their Secret Keeper. The Potters took his advice into consideration and then asked Peter Pettigrew to be the new Secret Keeper. The change was made in secret and the Potters went on with their lives until the moment the Dark Lord entered their property as though nothing had ever been able to stop him and blew their door apart. Following the deaths of two of his best friends Sirius went in search of Peter, believing him to be dead after being tortured into telling the Dark Lord the Potters' location. What he didn't expect to find was the house to be in perfect order with Peter nowhere in sight. Enraged he looked for Peter all over the place but as the time passed and he still hadn't found him he was about to head back and pick up baby Harry to take him home, when Peter apparated across the street from him and yelled "You betrayed Lily and James! How could you Sirius?". A flash of blinding green light covered Sirius' vision and when he recovered from the shock and looked around him at the dead bodies covering the street he did the worst thing imaginable. He laughed. He laughed because his former friend had just killed all those people and the transformed into a rat and fled the scene, leaving Sirius to shoulder the blame. He laughed because he never would've thought that Peter Pettigrew, the shy boy who worshipped the ground Sirius, Remus and James walked on, would have the guts to join Voldemort's ranks and betray his best friends. He laughed because they had all fallen for his act and had ultimately paid the price. He laughed because he knew he would be lucky to ever see his godson or his last remaining friend ever again. He laughed because in one night he had lost everything that meant anything to him. And finally, he laughed because the bitter truth was that if he didn't laugh then reality would catch up with him and he wasn't ready to handle it yet. After being judged in front of the whole Wizengamot