January 1998 Rosalee ran for her life, dodging trees and colorful jets of light as she fled from the Snatchers close behind her. Jumping over a fallen tree, Rosalee paused just long enough to levitate the dead tree and swing it at the Snatchers like a cricket bat. It caught several across the chest, knocking them back into the others. Rosalee turned and ran again, not waiting for the Snatchers to get back up again. Her lungs burned, and her legs felt like jelly, but she refused to slow down. Out of the darkness of the forest ahead of her, a large, gray wolf leaped toward Rosalee. Unwilling to find out if the wolf was a true wolf or a werewolf, she turned to her right, avoiding some sort of thorny bush and sprinted away as the wolf gave chase. By the time the Snatchers caught up and began firing spells at her again, Rosalee could hear the thudding of the wolf's paws on the ground as it ran after her and hear the panting of its breath. Her foot slipped on a patch of ice, and she fell hard on the cold ground. Rolling onto her back, she screamed in terror as the wolf lunged for her throat. As she tried to defend herself, the wolf's teeth missed their mark, its snout hitting the ground hard enough to make the wolf growl, leaving nothing but slobber and its hot breath on her neck. Its paws clawed at her skin, ripping her clothes along with her flesh. Finally aiming her wand at the wolf properly, she shrieked, "Imperio!" Suddenly, the wolf jumped off Rosalee, docile as a Labrador puppy. As Rosalee caught sight of the Snatchers beginning to surround her, she fought hard to keep control over the wolf — whom she was now certain was actually a werewolf — as she turned her newly gained weapon against her enemies. The wolf quickly tore open one man's throat before attacking the woman beside him. Spells flew at her, and a Cruciatus Curse caught her in the chest, sending the charm on a chain around her neck spinning. She bit her lip until it bled, fighting against the surprisingly brief pain of the Unforgivable Curse until it was over. Obviously, whoever it was who cast the dark spell didn't know what they were doing. The next Cruciatus Curse hit her in the back, sending her to the ground thrashing and screaming in pain, cast by a witch or wizard with some actual skill in the Dark Arts. Her control over the wolf snapped, and it turned once again to Rosalee, drooling as it took its time stalking towards its defenseless prey. The wolf lunged for her throat as the charmed necklace stopped spinning, and Rosalee vanished before the wolf could sink its teeth into her skin. August 1977 Rosalee's shrieks stopped after the first few minutes as she found herself watching time reverse itself. By the time everything stopped spinning around her, she was laying on the ground of the forest in the early morning light feeling dizzy, nauseated, and weak. When the world began to feel solid again, Rosalee slowly stood up and, not knowing what else to do, she apparated to Hogsmeade. As soon as she reappeared behind the Hog's Head, she regretted her choice, falling to her hands and knees and vomiting on the ground violently. After she finished, she stood back up and raised her wand, ready to defend herself if necessary. Creeping carefully out from behind the Hog's Head, she saw no signs of danger; in fact, the village looked more like itself than it had since the Battle at the Department of Mysteries. Rosalee skirted around the edges of the village until the alluring smell of food proved too much to resist. Rosalee stepped inside the Three Broomsticks, hoping that Madame Rosmerta was feeling particularly charitable at the moment, as Rosalee's small stash of money, both wizarding and Muggle, had run out months ago. Instead, she froze when she saw Albus Dumbledore and Minerva McGonagall sitting together at the bar, eating breakfast, and chatting with Madame Rosmerta. Dumbledore's long gray beard wasn't quite as long as usual, though, and there were streaks of auburn in his gray beard. McGonagall had only a streak or two of gray in her dark hair, still pulled into a tight bun as usual. Madame Rosmerta couldn't have been much older than Rosalee, and she fumbled slightly as she poured Dumbledore and McGonagall's pumpkin juice, as if she wasn't used to pouring drinks quite yet. Rosalee squeaked, covering her mouth with her hands as her hazel eyes grew wide. Dumbledore looked at her, his blue eyes concerned as he took in the results of six months on the run from Aurors and Snatchers on Rosalee's appearance. "Can we help you, young lady?" Dumbledore asked softly. While the rest of the world sounded muffled to Rosalee, Dumbledore's voice rang loudly and clearly in her ears. She stuttered, "But – but you —" She couldn't see quite right anymore, and the room seemed to suddenly grow very hot. Everything went black as Rosalee fell to the floor, unconscious. When Rosalee awoke, she found herself in the familiar setting of Hogwarts' Hospital Wing. She furrowed her brow in confusion, trying to remember how she'd ended up there. Then she remembered the Snatchers and the werewolf in the forest, and her Time-Turner suddenly pulling her back in time, seemingly farther than she would have ever dared to try. She normally only ever used the Time-Turner after the Snatchers had gotten too close to catching her for comfort in order to escape, sending herself back an hour or two to give herself the chance to get away from where she knew the Snatchers would be before they got there. Rosalee groaned as she opened her eyes, still not believing that she had seen Dumbledore in the Three Broomsticks earlier. Surely it was a hallucination… She couldn't remember the last time she'd had something to eat; she was malnourished and dehydrated, so it would have been easy enough for her to imagine. Rosalee's eyes landed on Dumbledore standing at the foot of the bed next to hers as she sat up slowly and yelped in surprise and fear. She grabbed her ebony wand off the nightstand and pointed it at him, curling up as close to the wall as she possibly could. She snapped, "Who are you, and are you willing to take Veritaserum to prove it?" Dumbledore looked amused and aloof, but his eyes betrayed his seriousness. "My name is Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore, and I would certainly be willing to take Veritaserum to prove it. What might your name be, young lady?" Rosalee shook her head. "I don't think so," she growled. "You're going to have to prove you're really the Hogwarts headmaster Albus Dumbledore before you get any information out of me." Dumbledore nodded, admiring her spunk. "Very well then," Dumbledore replied. "Poppy," Dumbledore called to Madame Pomfrey. "Please go ask Professor Slughorn to bring me a vial of Veritaserum, and have one of the house elves bring me a cup of tea to put it in." Madame Pomfrey nodded and quickly left the Hospital Wing for the dungeons. Upon her return with Professor Slughorn and one of the house elves, Dumbledore combined a few drops of the potion with the tea and drank it. "Now, young lady," Dumbledore said with a small smile. "Ask your questions." Rosalee's eyes narrowed suspiciously at the people surrounding her, all of them looking so much younger than usual. "What's your name?" she asked. "Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore," he answered as he moved to sit on the foot of her bed. Rosalee bit her lip, concerned by what that might mean for her. "What year is it?" she asked softly. Dumbledore watched Rosalee, a curious spark in his eye. "It is August of 1977. Has the date changed recently for you?" Rosalee shuddered. "You could say that." She pulled the Time-Turner off her neck. "I'm not sure what happened," she said softly. "But my Time-Turner got hit by something, a weak Cruciatus Curse I'm guessing, and it sent me back way farther than it was ever meant to be able to go." Dumbledore took the object when Rosalee offered it to him, inspecting it carefully with a critical eye. The hourglass was cracked slightly. Dumbledore looked back up at her and asked, "Where did you get this?" Rosalee fidgeted nervously. "There was a battle in the Department of Mysteries two years ago. Well, it was two years ago for me. It technically hasn't happened yet I guess. Anyway, the time turners all got destroyed in a sense, but I sort of managed to nick one in the heat of things by accident. I hadn't intended on taking it and considered taking it back, but I figured it'd be useful to have in case things got too bad. Things got too bad, and more than once I barely escaped with my life, but only because of this thing. It saved me earlier from a pretty horrible mess by bringing me back here, but… I'm not sure how it managed to bring me back this far, to be honest." Dumbledore nodded. "I see," he said thoughtfully as he continued to examine the broken Time-Turner. "I believe that it is safe to say that you will most likely not be returning to your original time. When was that, to be precise?" Rosalee answered quietly, "Either December 1997 or January 1998. When you're living on the run, it's hard to keep track of the date." Dumbledore looked over at her. "What were you on the run for, Miss —? " "Rosalee Winters," Rosalee answered, finally remembering to relax and lower her wand, an action that made Professor Slughorn, who looked on from across the room with interest, look quite relieved. "I'm a Muggle-born, and the Ministry of Magic has been… or will be? I don't know. Anyway, where I'm from, they're locking away Muggle-borns of all ages in Azkaban, calling us dangerous thieves who steal wands and magical powers from real witches and wizards." Dumbledore frowned. "Does that mean that we failed to defeat Voldemort and that he has taken over Wizarding Britain?" Rosalee shrugged. "Not exactly," she answered slowly. "Look, I wasn't officially a part of the Order of the Phoenix, but I was close to some of the kids who were, or were close to it, and I fought alongside them. Voldemort was defeated and stayed that way for nearly fifteen years, but at the end of my fourth year, he came back. Two and a half years later, he practically owned the Ministry. I don't have a clue how he came back, all I know is that… well, I honestly don't know anything helpful enough to be worth telling you about. All I know is that my life isn't worth a Knut back in my own time." Dumbledore patted her foot gently, then said, "Well, that is certainly not the case here. Are you supposed to still be in school at Hogwarts?" Rosalee nodded, still struggling to believe that any of this was real. "I was supposed to be a seventh year Gryffindor this year," she mumbled. Dumbledore answered brightly, "Well, then tomorrow, which will be September 1, 1977, you will return to school as a seventh year Gryffindor. Perhaps Rosalee Winters is not the best name to return under, however, considering that your future self, or I suppose to you it would be the past, likely still exists. We cannot risk anyone finding out that you are from the future." Dumbledore thought about the situation for a few moments as Rosalee nodded, then waited expectantly for the headmaster's solution. Dumbledore said, "Perhaps you should pose as Aberforth's granddaughter. Did my future self ever tell you about Aberforth?" Rosalee turned red, slightly embarrassed. "Well, no, not