May 1971 "What are you doing?" The boy's voice startled her so that she nearly fell from the high tree branch on which she was perched. When she had regained her balance, her blue eyes found the dark-haired boy standing on the ground close to her tree. "Shhh," she hissed. "I'm trying to hide." He cocked his head to one side as he came closer, placing a hand on the large oak tree. "From whom?" he asked. She glanced around, making sure no one else was in earshot. "From Mrs. McCarthy," she answered quietly. He chuckled, gray eyes sparkling with mischief. "And who is Mrs. McCarthy?" he asked. She narrowed her eyes at him. "The Orphanage Director," she snapped. "If you're going to insist on continuing to talk to me, then can you at least hide too so she won't find me?" Barking out a loud laugh, he nodded. He reached for the lowest branch and could just barely reach it, but he managed to climb up the tree quickly enough. He pulled himself up onto the branch beside her and sat next to her, straddling the limb so that he was facing her. He stuck his hand out and said, "I'm Sirius Black." She stared at him for a moment, then accepted his hand and replied, "Madeleine Gerard." Sirius grinned as though he'd won some bet that only he knew about. "Why are you hiding from Mrs. McCarthy?" he asked. Maddie frowned. "You ask a lot of questions." "You don't give many answers," Sirius snickered. Maddie eyed him curiously. He wasn't dressed like the other children from the orphanage, to be sure. Now that she could see him better, she saw that he was wearing bright purple trousers with a lime green button-down, and she thought the shirt looked like it was made from silk. "I gave her a flower, and she got upset," Maddie said softly as she looked away from Sirius. Sirius frowned. "What's wrong with that?" Maddie huffed. "None of your business, ok?" After a moment, she glanced at him out of the corner of her eye, expecting him to have decided to leave after her outburst, but he still sat there, grinning madly at her. She sighed. "She says I'm a freak, but I'm not. At least, I don't think I am…" He tilted his head, as though evaluating her. "I don't think you're a freak either," he decided. Maddie's eyes snapped to his, surprised. "You don't?" He shook his head. "Why not? All the other kids do." "Because I saw you making those leaves float in the air before I came and talked to you," he said, as though levitating foliage were the most natural thing in the world. Maddie gasped. "Oh, please don't tell anyone," she begged. "Mrs. McCarthy's always saying that if anyone else ever found out I could do stuff like that, they'd throw me in the loony bin, and I'd never be able to leave. I swear, I'm not crazy. I don't know why I…" "Hey, calm down," Sirius said, growing more serious as he saw her panic. "Of course, you're not crazy. You're just a witch. It's no big deal." Maddie's voice trailed off at his words, and when she'd taken a moment to process what he'd said, she laughed. "Witches aren't real." Sirius raised an eyebrow at her. "If magic weren't real, why else would you be able to make things float like that?" Maddie hesitated, unsure of the answer. "It's ok," he continued. "You should be proud to be a witch. Magic is the best thing in the world. My mum always says the more magic in the family, the better. For a while, we thought my brother might be a Squib, can you imagine how awful that would've been for him? It would've absolutely killed my parents. There's nothing they pride themselves on more than our pureblood heritage." Brows knit, Maddie stared hard at the pale boy, unsure which of her thousands of questions to ask first. Deciding, she asked, "You can do this stuff, too?" Sirius smiled, then pulled a leaf off a small twig above them. He held it out in his hand where Maddie could see it well, palm flat. He screwed up his face in concentration, as though trying to remember the answer to a very difficult question that he'd forgotten. After a moment, the leaf slowly turned a brilliant yellow, then curled in on itself, its shape twisting until it was no longer a leaf at all, but a daffodil. His smile widened at his success as he offered it to her. Eyes wide, she took the flower. It was soft and delicate in her hand, and she couldn't help but smile back at him as wonder and excitement overcame her fears. "Of course, I'm a wizard. I'm a Black; if I couldn't do magic, it'd be strange." "Why?" Maddie asked as she continued to gently stroke the petals of the daffodil in her hand. "Because we're purebloods," Sirius answered as if it were the most obvious thing in the world. "People like Mrs. McCarthy are called Muggles. You and I are witches and wizards. People like me who were born into ancient all-magical families are called purebloods. Can you remember if your parents ever did magic?" Maddie shook her head. "Well, they were probably Muggles, too, then, so you'd be a -" Sirius paused, suddenly unsure of himself. "Muggleborn. You're probably a Muggleborn." "So, are we the only ones who can do this stuff? Who can do magic?" Maddie asked as she focused on the daffodil, making it slowly rise until it was floating several inches above her hand. "Oh, no, of course not," Sirius answered, snapping back to himself. "There's loads of people out there like us, purebloods, Muggleborns, and halfbloods. Oh, yeah, halfbloods are people who don't have just wizarding family or just Muggle family, but have some mix of both." Maddie nodded. She watched the daffodil twirl in the air as she said, "I can't believe I found someone else like me." "How old are you?" Sirius asked. "Eleven," she answered. "Me too. That means we'll both be first years at Hogwarts this year," Sirius said excitedly. "What's Hogwarts?" "Oh, you'll love it. It's a school of witchcraft and wizardry. It's the most wonderful place in the world." Maddie shuddered as she heard a very angry Irish accent screaming her name. "Mrs. McCarthy," she sighed heavily. "I don't want to go yet. I want to stay and hear all about Hogwarts." Sirius thought for a moment, then his eyes shined with something that fell somewhere between genius and madness. "Does your room have a window?" Maddie nodded. "It does, but I share my room with another girl so it's not as though you could come over or…" "No, no, no," Sirius said, laughing. "Leave your window open tonight. I'm going to send you an owl." "An owl?" "We use owls to send letters and packages to other witches and wizards," Sirius explained quickly as Mrs. McCarthy's short, plump figure came into view across the square. "I'm going to send you a book about Hogwarts and a letter explaining everything I can think of about magic and the wizarding world." Maddie nodded as her daffodil dropped to her hand. She offered it back to him, but he shook his head. "I made it for you," he insisted. "Keep it." She nodded, then flinched when Mrs. McCarthy spotted them in the tree and shouted, "Young lady, get down here this minute!" That night, well after her roommate Susan had fallen asleep, Maddie was lying awake in her bed, stomach growling as Mrs. McCarthy had sent her to bed without supper again that night. A soft hooting alerted her that the owl Sirius had promised had finally arrived. As quietly as she could, she slipped out of bed and over to the window, where a black owl that was bigger than any she'd ever imagined waited perched on her windowsill. She approached it hesitantly, not sure if the owl really understood what she wanted. Apparently, the owl had grown impatient with her, because it flapped its wings and flew right over the top of her head, dropping a large book on her bed and landing on top of the wardrobe. Maddie hurried back to the bed and picked up the book. It was difficult to see, but the street lights and the moon provided just enough light for her to read the cover. Hogwarts: A History. Maddie smiled and clutched the book to her chest. The owl hooted again, annoyed with having to wait for her acknowledgment. Quickly hiding the book under her mattress, she pulled from her hiding place a short letter she had written to Sirius with a pen and paper she'd stolen from Mrs. McCarthy's office when the director had left her alone in the room for a few minutes earlier that night. She looked at the owl, unsure how to get him to take the letter. The owl seemed to know what it was supposed to do without Maddie's help, though. It descended on her suddenly, snatching the letter from her hand and flying out the window and disappearing into the night. In a flash, her magical encounter was over. It was too dark to properly read the book or letter that Sirius had sent her, so she left them hidden and climbed back into bed, far too excited to sleep. September 1971 Maddie stared at the train ticket in her hand, completely befuddled. Mrs. McCarthy had dropped her off at King's Cross Station and left her to find her own way to the train, making it very clear the whole walk to the station that she very strongly disapproved of the school she was attending, but apparently willing to allow Maddie to go anyway. She stumbled around the train station with her heavy suitcase for nearly an hour looking for Platform 9 ¾ with no luck. Her eyes burned as she stood between Platforms 9 and 10. She'd tried asking one of the station employees, but he'd just looked at her like she was crazy and told her to run along. What if finding the train was a test to see if she really did have the magic it takes to be a witch? What if she never found it? Would that mean she'd never get to go to Hogwarts? Maddie wiped a stray tear off her face with the sleeve of her threadbare burgundy cardigan, feet frozen in place. If she had to go back to the orphanage so soon, she wasn't sure she could take the humiliation and shame that was sure to wait for her there. "What's wrong, sweetheart?" Maddie looked up, surprised, at the sound of the lady's voice. The woman had dark brown hair that was flecked with gray, and she smiled kindly at Maddie. Quickly doing her best to hide the fact she'd been crying, Maddie said softly, "I can't find my platform, and my train leaves in ten minutes." The lady asked, "Are you looking for Platform 9 ¾?" Maddie nodded, then noticed a gray-haired man standing behind the lady with a hand on the shoulder of a boy roughly Maddie's age. The boy had dark, messy hair like his mother, and his glasses were comically askew. He fixed them quickly as his mother said, "Well, lucky we found you, then. I'll never understand why Dumbledore doesn't have someone here to greet the Muggle-born students who don't know how to find the Hogwarts Express. Come on, sweetheart. Our son James is starting his first year, too." Maddie smiled slightly as she took the lady's outstretched hand. The man said, "It's really rather simple. All you have to do is run straight at that wall right there, and you'll go right through it and end up on the platform on the other side." Maddie's eyes widened. He chuckled and