September 1978 Freya stared unabashedly at the Slytherin table, her eyes focused on one Slytherin in particular. She tilted her head slightly and barely touched her food as she watched the young man laugh with his friends, his dark hair just long enough that it was hanging in his eyes. She heard the blonde girl beside her speaking to her about something, but she didn't process her words. Suddenly, the Slytherin seventh year's eyes found Freya's, and his grey eyes twinkled mischievously before he winked at her. Freya grinned, allowing her hazel eyes to linger on him for a moment longer. A pair of fingers appeared in her line of vision, snapping at her. Freya rolled her eyes and turned her attention to her best friend, Diana Massey, raising an eyebrow at her. Diana repeated her question. "Why are you staring at Regulus Black?" Freya chuckled softly. "I don't know. I just felt like staring at him. What's wrong with that?" she asked her fellow Gryffindor. Diana shrugged, her tight golden curls bouncing slightly where the ends brushed against her shoulders as she did. "Just the looks you two were giving each other. It almost looked like you were flirting. You know your brother wouldn't like it, and Sirius wouldn't either." Freya shook her head and gazed down at the shepherd's pie on her plate, digging her fork into it again for another bite. "It's just a look. James and Sirius can shove it. Besides, just because Sirius snogged me a couple times last year doesn't mean that he has any claim over me." Diana gave her a disapproving look as she ate a bite of her dinner. Swallowing, Freya said indignantly, "What? Sirius is the one who said he didn't want to get involved in a relationship, and that's just fine by me. It's not like he's a bloody fairytale prince or anything; he can be a right git when he wants to be, so I doubt it would've worked out anyway." Diana sighed. "I can't blame you any there," Diana replied. "But do you really have to go proving it by flirting with his brother?" Freya slapped her hand lightly against the wooden table. "Oh, for goodness sake, Diana. It's not flirting to simply look at a guy." "What would you call it then?" A roguish grin spread on Freya's face as she turned her eyes back to Regulus, who she found was watching her, an amused smile playing on his lips. "Admiring the view." Diana rolled her eyes at Freya's comment, but let the subject drop. The Welcome Feast ended, prompting the students to exit the Great Hall and head to their respective houses. Freya walked out of the Great Hall with Diana and Charlotte Dolan, another Gryffindor, laughing as Charlotte divulged her summer exploits in the Muggle world with a local Muggle lifeguard. As the Gryffindor girls reached the foot of the flight of stairs in the Entrance Hall, a hand shot out and latched on to Freya's elbow, pulling her around the railing to a more secluded spot in the shadows under the stairs. Freya was pushed roughly up against the wall and pinned there by a strong, muscular body. Freya smirked mischievously when she recognized Regulus Black, who held a finger to his lips as he grinned at her, motioning for her to be silent. Freya could hear Diana and Charlotte noticing her disappearance, then begin asking other Gryffindors if they had seen where she'd gone as they continued to make their way up to the tower. Slytherins and Hufflepuffs filed past the two, heading for different parts of the dungeon, but no one noticed the pair, as Regulus had hidden them well in the shadows. After Diana and Charlotte's voices had faded, Freya asked, "What exactly are you doing, Black?" Regulus laughed softly; Freya could feel the rumble in his chest as he chuckled, leaning against her body. "What, I can't say hello to a pretty pureblood girl?" Freya shook her head, a playful smile lighting up her face as she observed the lust tingeing the look in Regulus's eyes. "No, you can't," Freya declared, her eyes tantalizing the man standing over her. Regulus smirked. "My, my, Potter, aren't we a tease?" Freya placed a hand on his chest and barely pushed against Regulus, who took the hint and took a step back, giving her just enough room to move past him the moment she chose to leave. "Only to bad boys," Freya said as she slipped past him, her body brushing up against his as she did so. Freya quickly stole away from him and up the stairs, blending back into the crowd of Gryffindors and Ravenclaws that were running up the stairs to their respective towers. Freya ran up to the Pink Lady just as a fourth year boy was giving the painting the password, then crept into the common room behind him. Diana and Charlotte were waiting for her when she reached her dorm room, ready to pounce. She waved her wand before they could say anything, place a silencing charm on the two girls. "I didn't go anywhere; I just fell behind. That's all there is to it. Can we just leave it at that?" The blonde witch and the brunette beside her nodded, and Freya removed the silencing charm. Freya went to her trunk at the foot of her four poster bed and dug out pajamas before changing clothes and collapsing into the bed, her mind flooded with a million thoughts and memories, drifting through the few moments she and Regulus had interacted in the past. First year Freya Potter sat between her brother James and his best friend, Sirius Black, as the Hogwarts Express rocketed across the countryside towards Hogwarts. Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew sat across from the other three, playing a game of Exploding Snap with James. Freya watched the game over the top of her book, and Sirius read the Daily Prophet. A card near her feet suddenly combusted, making Freya jump, bumping shoulders with Sirius. Freya looked at the boy beside her apologetically, and Sirius winked at her before going back to reading the latest on the international Quidditch scene. Freya heard a woman's voice calling down the hall and the clatter of trolley wheels, advertising sweets. James nudged Freya with his elbow. "Hey, want anything from the sweet trolley?" Freya nodded and stood up. "I'll go get it. You want anything?" James shrugged, smiling at his baby sister. Freya smiled back. "Of course you do. Ok, I'll get you something too." James called after her as she opened the door to the hallway, "Love you, sis." Freya shook her head, laughing softly before saying back, "Yeah, yeah, love you too." Freya walked down the hall of the train car to where the middle-aged woman with wisps of grey in her dark hair stood behind a trolley piled high with sweets and a banner painted to read 'Honeydukes Express' hanging on the side, talking softly with the students who were her customers. Approaching the woman, Freya said, "I'll have two chocolate cauldrons please." A boy's voice floated from behind Freya. "I'll have a chocolate cauldron as well." Freya turned around to see a boy, also a first year as his tie was still black, who looked eerily similar to Sirius, although perhaps not quite as good-looking, but still handsome nonetheless. He held out his hand to her. "Regulus Black," he said softly, staring into her eyes with an incredible amount of intensity. It took Freya a moment to find her voice. "Freya Potter," she said, taking his hand. Regulus pulled her hand gently to his lips and kissed it. She laughed softly at the gesture. "Are you always so politely old-fashioned?" she asked as she turned and accepted the two chocolate cauldrons from the woman and paid her for them. Regulus handed the plump witch ten knuts as she exchanged the money for the Chocolate Cauldron. "Only with pretty girls," he said charmingly, making Freya blush slightly. "You must be James Potter's sister?" Freya nodded. "And you must be Sirius's brother." Regulus chuckled darkly. "Well, biologically yes, but he's hardly been considered part of the family since he became a Gryffindor. Of course, he still could redeem himself in proper pureblood society in time, but I doubt he will even try to." Freya smiled, deciding she didn't like this boy at all. "Is it this proper pureblood society of yours that says you have to talk like an old man all the time?" Regulus's smile froze, and Freya smirked, knowing she'd gotten under his skin. Regulus looked down for a moment, then looked back up and met Freya's gaze. "I don't have to talk like an old man." Freya replied, "Then why are you? For that matter, why are you saying any of that at all? All that pureblood stuff is such rubbish." Regulus's smile turned into a sneer. "Blood purity is hardly rubbish," Regulus snarled. "And it's blood traitors like my brother who are ruining wizard society." " Ruining society or improving it?" Freya asked. Regulus opened his mouth, but when he couldn't think of a good response, snapped it shut again, turning on his heel and storming off to the compartment he came from. Freya shook her head, then returned to her brother and his friends. Late for her study session in the library with Diana and Remus, Freya bounded down the stairs from Gryffindor tower as she rushed to meet her friends to prepare for her O.W.L.s in a couple of weeks. Turning a blind corner, Freya slammed into someone and fell down, her parchment, quills, and books falling out of her bag all over the floor. Looking up from where she sat on the floor, Freya's eyes met those of Regulus Black. Freya sighed in frustration as she began collecting her things and stuffing them back into her bag. To her surprise, Regulus bent down and started handing her loose quills and pieces of parchment. Freya stopped, raising a suspicious eyebrow at the Slytherin. "What are you doing?" she asked. Regulus didn't look at her, picking up her Charms textbook and handing it to her. "I'm helping you gather your things," he answered matter-of-factly. Freya watched him another moment, then accepted the book and stuffed it into her bag. "But why are you helping me? You never help me with anything." Regulus, handing her the last of the contents of her bag, said with a seductive charm to his voice, "What, can't I help out a pretty little pureblood girl like you?" Freya felt tingles run down her spine when the Slytherin's grey eyes finally met hers. Shaking it off, Freya answered, "No, you can't. That's never really been your style when it comes to blood traitors." Regulus smirked at her, then reached out and ghosted his fingertips over her cheek, the skin where he touched her heating up under his fingers. Regulus leaned forward and whispered in her ear, his breath tickling her skin, "Well, perhaps I should change things up a bit. What do you think?" Freya shivered as his breath on her neck sent strange sensations through her body. Regulus seemed to be almost challenging her with his question, and Freya found herself getting nervous and backing down. She pulled away from him and grabbed her bag, standing up. "I have to study," she said abruptly before taking off running towards the library again. Having the girl pinned against the wall, Sirius held Freya's wrists firmly on either side of her to prevent her from grabbing his hair again as he licked and nipped lightly down her neck to her collarbone in a hallway of the dungeons near the kitchen. Freya's breathing was quick and shallow as Sirius teased her. Arching her neck to give Sirius better access, she suddenly spotted someone watching them from further down the hallway. Sirius nipped harder at the crook of