December 1979 Remus paced the floor of his small flat nervously. Sirius watched the werewolf from his seat on the couch, tapping his foot impatiently. Sirius sighed heavily, but he knew that his friend would spill his guts soon enough. At long last, Remus stopped pacing, standing directly in front of Sirius and blurting, "Padfoot, I want to have a baby." Sirius sat back for a moment, shocked, then bit his lip, smiling. Trying and failing to hold back a laugh, Sirius quipped, "Moony, I think you're coming to the wrong person with that request. I do believe the person you need will be a female." Remus narrowed his eyes at his teasing friend. "Not funny, Sirius. Come on, I mean it. I want to have a baby." "Why are you talking to me about it, then?" Sirius asked, tilting his head slightly, his brow furrowing in confusion. "James is the only one of us with any knowledge about knocking up witches. Why don't you talk to him? You know how I am; I do everything I can to avoid fathering a child." Remus answered, "Because I don't have a girlfriend or a wife? I don't want to get a girl pregnant. That risks passing on my, err, problem, to a child, and I couldn't take that chance." Sirius shrugged. "So then go to St. Mungo's and the Ministry and adopt a baby. What's the problem?" Remus rolled his eyes, taking a deep breath. Reminding himself to be patient, Remus said gently, "They know I'm a werewolf. They aren't going to just let me adopt a child all by myself. I have to have a non-werewolf witch or wizard adopt the child with me to guarantee the child's safety, or they'll turn me away." Sirius frowned. "Oh, I'm sorry, Remus. What are you going to do?" Remus sat down beside Sirius, his fingers fidgeting on his wand anxiously. "Well, that's why I wanted to talk to you, Sirius. I was… well, I was hoping that you would help me get her." Sirius quirked an eyebrow at Remus. "Her? You mean you've already picked out a little girl to adopt?" Remus flushed, rubbing a hand across the back of his neck. "Yeah, well I suppose I have. Remember how I've been volunteering at St. Mungo's the last couple months?" Sirius nodded. "Well, three weeks ago, I got placed in the maternity ward, and this young woman apparated in, in labor and totally alone. We tried to ask about a father, but she said there wasn't one. She died in childbirth; there was nothing anyone can do. The little girl was just so beautiful, and they let me hold her and feed her for a couple weeks, and I just…" Remus swallowed hard. "I know she'll probably be ok at the orphanage in St. Mungo's, but I just… I just can't leave her there." Sirius smiled, then patted Remus on the back of the shoulder. "I understand, Remus; the little witch has already managed to wrap you around her little finger. Ok, I'll sign whatever papers you need to me to sign to help you adopt this girl." Remus said slowly, "Actually, it's a little more than that. We'd both be adopting her, so you'd be her father too. You'd have to help me name her, and give her your last name too, and help me out by taking her away from me and keeping her safe during the full moon. I don't know if you'd want to be a part of her life in any other ways, but you'd be more than welcome to." Sirius thought about it for a few moments. "Remus, I don't think I'm cut out to be a father. I want to help you out though. Maybe… maybe if you could be her father, I could just be like a godfather of sorts, like James is going to have me be with his kid. I think I could help you in that way, and of course I would babysit on full moons." Remus smiled broadly, and threw an arm around Sirius's shoulders. "Thank you, Padfoot! You have no idea how much this means to me." Sirius laughed softly. "You're welcome, Moony." January 1980 It took nearly two months before Remus and Sirius had managed to jump through all the hoops to secure the adoption of the little baby girl. Sirius couldn't help the smile on his face as he watched Remus take the ten week old baby into his arms for the first time since the adoption became final. A witch who worked in the legal department of St. Mungo's caught Sirius's attention and asked him to give her a name for the new birth certificate. Sirius waved Remus over, and the witch repeated her question. Remus glanced at Sirius before responding, "Quinn Phoenix Lupin-Black." Sirius smiled and shook his head. "I knew I wasn't remembering that right. I'd have named her Phoenix Quinn Black-Lupin, and then where would we be?" Sirius teased. Remus rolled his eyes as the dark-haired woman handed Sirius the final piece of paperwork, which listed both of them as the baby's fathers and held no mention of a mother, as Remus didn't know the dead mother's name. Remus held the baby close to his chest as the two men apparated back to Remus's flat. Once inside, Remus seemed to hesitate, then asked, "Umm, what now?" Sirius barked out a laugh. "Like hell if I know," he exclaimed. "You're the one who wanted a baby and read all the books and junk. Shouldn't you know?" Remus simply rolled his eyes at his best friend. Looking down at the baby in his arms, Remus stared into little Quinn's grey eyes with fascination. Suddenly, he turned to Sirius and asked, "Do you want to hold her?" Sirius froze, unsure of himself. "Oh, Moony, I don't know…" Remus smiled slightly and walked over to the animagus. "Come on, Padfoot; it's easy enough," Remus said encouragingly. Sirius stalled. "Are you sure about this? When it comes to kids, I'm usually more of an observer." Remus laughed softly. "Stop hesitating and just do it," Remus said softly. "Just make sure you support her head well, and everything will be just fine." When Sirius continued to stare at Quinn as though she were some sort of alien creature, Remus laughed even harder. "Sirius, you're overthinking it. If you're going to have to babysit her overnight at least once a month, then you need to bond with her. The first step in that process is to hold her." "But what if she doesn't like me?" Sirius whispered, worry and fear shining in his eyes. Remus cocked his head, the sudden emotion in Sirius unexpected, but understandable. "You're her father, or uncle, or godfather, or whatever it is you're calling yourself this week. She'll love you," Remus reassured him. Sirius hesitated, then nodded. Remus carefully handed Quinn over to Sirius, who took her into his arms gingerly. Quinn cooed at him as he brought her close to him, reaching out towards his face with a tiny, fat hand. Sirius smiled, his face filled with awe as he looked at the tiny girl. Sirius murmured softly, "Hello, little baby." Remus's smile grew wider as he watched Sirius with Quinn. "I told you she'd like you," Remus said smugly. Sirius couldn't help the smile on his face. "Yeah, yeah, Moony. You were right." Sirius bounced Quinn in his arms for a moment, then frowned. "Umm, what do I do now?" Sirius asked, anxiety returning to his voice. Remus shrugged as Quinn tried to grab Sirius's nose. Sirius easily captured her tiny hand and kept it away from his face, letting her hold his finger instead. "Just talk to her, I guess," Remus answered. "I've read in several books that talking to her is one of the best things we can do for her development, so I think we should talk to her as much as possible." Sirius nodded slowly, and just as he was about to begin babbling to Quinn, there was a knock at the door. Remus left Sirius holding Quinn and answered the door, finding an excited James and a pregnant Lily standing on the other side of it. James exclaimed, "Moony! I'm so glad you guys are back already; we were hoping that you two would be done at St. Mungo's by now. We were hoping the little pup would be up still so we could meet her." Remus smiled. "Oh yeah, Sirius has her in the living room. Come on in," Remus said, the happiest he had been in a long while. As the three walked back into the flat, Remus announced, "Sirius, look who's here to meet Quinn." Sirius turned, his eyes lighting up when he saw James and Lily. "Prongs! Lily! Thank goodness," he cried, instantly handing Quinn over to Lily. Lily cooed happily at the little girl as James grinned. "Shirking your father responsibilities already, Sirius?" Sirius rolled his eyes. "Nonsense," Sirius scoffed, a mischievous glint in his eyes. "Just letting Quinn get to know her godmother." James told them, "Wormtail should be here soon." At that moment, the man being discussed tumbled out of the fireplace in a bout of green flames. Peter straightened his shirt as Remus exclaimed, "Wormtail! So glad you could make it." Peter offered a slight smile. "Hey, guys." Lily offered the baby to Peter. "Peter, meet Remus and Sirius's new baby, Quinn." Peter took Quinn from Lily and said hello. The little girl nearly instantly started crying, and Remus quickly took Quinn away from Peter. "Sorry, Peter," Remus crooned as he attempted to soothe Quinn with his voice. "She's probably hungry. Or sleepy. I'm not really sure, actually." Sirius grinned. "Yeah, it's hard to interpret her cries after half an hour of parenting," Sirius ribbed. Remus rolled his eyes and carried Quinn into the kitchen, James following after him. Remus set about making a bottle for Quinn as James said softly, "I'm proud of you, Moony. It's an amazing thing you're doing for this little girl." Remus smiled, testing the heat of the milk on his skin. He decided that the temperature was good, and he stuck the bottle in Quinn's mouth, who stopped crying and drank the milk greedily. Remus turned to look at James and mumbled, "Thank you, Prongs. I couldn't help myself. I love this little girl; I can't imagine her not being mine." James happily agreed. "She seems as though she was made to sit in your arms, Remus. Little Quinn Lupin-Black. It's pretty perfect. You're going to be such a great father, she'll never leave you when she grows up. You'll never be able to get rid of her." November 1981 Remus sat on the couch of the flat, head in his hands and shoulders heaving. He absolutely couldn't believe what Sirius had done. His hands shook with grief and anger. Just the day before, James and Lily had sent him an owl, excited for Harry's second Halloween, and now they were dead, and it was all Sirius's fault. He'd heard that Peter and twelve Muggles had been murdered too before the Hit Wizards had finally arrested Sirius. He heard the pitter patter of tiny feet, then a small voice ask, "Daddy, where Padfoot?" Remus sighed heavily, looking up to see Quinn standing about a foot away, her white gold blonde curls framing her wide, tear filled grey eyes. Remus smoothed her hair lovingly and shook his head, ridding himself of his own tears. "Padfoot has gone away, little pup." Quinn frowned, her bottom lip jutting out in a pout. "Gone?" she asked, her voice shaky. Remus scooped the toddler up in his arms, squeezing her to his chest. "Gone, Quinn. He's not coming back. We won't be seeing him anymore." Quinn wrapped her little fat arms around his neck and clutched tightly to Remus. "Why?" she asked indignantly. Remus shook his head. "Padfoot did