Other Half of My Soul Cedric X Harry Rated M Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters or most of the story plot, we all know who that really belongs to. Warnings: slash, Mpreg, Cho and Ginny bashing, good Draco and Snape, Sirius is alive and so is Remus, powerful Harry This is a revamped version of the original story that I made I really hope you like it as much as version number 1….this will originally start out as a Harry/Cedric story but will then evolve into a Harry/Charlie story and it will permanently stay that way Chapter 1- The beginning Harry's Backstory Harry's past was not the best so say the least. His parents were murdered by Lord Voldemort when he was only a year and in that instead he became an orphan. He was taken to live with the only relatives that he had left so he remained feeling like an orphan. Aunt Petunia found him in the morning when she was leaving out milk cartons and shrieked. Vernon came running well as much as he could run for a man of his size "Petunia dear what is the matter?" Petunia just looked at him with a frightened expression and just pointed at the basket with the baby inside. "Who in the world is that baby and how in the hell did it get here?" Petunia just looked at her husband and he immediately knew the answer to his own question. "Well what do we do with him?" "We have to at least take him in. I know that I have hated my sister for what she was but in the end, she is still my sister" Vernon nodded to this "I refuse to treat him as my own son because I know what he will turn out to be" Petunia knew that this was true especially if he was anything like his father and she knew deep down that he would be and that one day he would be extremely powerful and rich. "I would never ask that of you but we do need to keep him alive we don't need any of those freaks showing up at our door". They both silently nodded in agreement with each other and took the baby in. This is how Harry James Potter's life began and so did the hell that came with it. He was forced to learn how to cook at the age of three and then he was given the tasks of taking care of all of the chores around the house. He was their slave and had to do whatever they told him to do unless he wanted to be punished severely. He never knew what he really was until a big half giant came to him with a letter. This was the first time he ever heard about the wizarding world and man was he in denial about it. "There is no way that I could possibly be a wizard there is no such thing they are only in fairytales" Hagrid as the half giant was called just shook his head at him "of course there is young Harry, you are a wizard and so were your parents". Harry stammered at this comment "that can't be true my parents died in a car crash" he doubted the truth to this though as soon as he saw look on Hagrid's face "but I realize now that isn't the truth". After a lot of explaining Harry agreed to go with him and leave the Dursley's. From that day on Harry finally knew where he truly belonged and the feeling of knowing that he wasn't a freak was his happiest moment in life. His life changed forever from this moment on but it would not always be easy because he was after all Harry James Potter. Now we fast forward in Harry's life to the end of Harry's fourth year at Hogwarts. It is the summer after the tri-wizard tournament and Harry was successful in saving Cedric from the graveyard without him losing his life. He doesn't know how he was able to do this however but at this point he really isn't going to complain. Harry is now living with Sirius because he was cleared of all charges however Peter Pettigrew got away and brought back Lord Voldemort, but not before memories from Pettigrew could be taken to free Sirius. The ministry of magic gave its fullest apology to him and paid him millions of dollars in compensation. Harry was then able leave the cruelty of the Dursleys forever and live with Sirius. Not everyone believed the story that Harry told when he and Cedric could escape from the graveyard during the final task of the triwizard tournament. However, Cedric's family and most of the people present to watch the final task did. Amos Diggory ran up to his son and hugged him tightly then he turned his attention to Harry and hugged him as well. "I am forever in your debt for saving my son, thank you" "Mr. Diggory I would do anything for Cedric, you don't have to thank me for anything" "Father I would like to request to stay with Harry and his godfather for the summer if that is okay with you and mom?" Cedric was waiting for his father to make a scene and deny him flat out. But to his surprise that never occurred. Amos smiled at his son "of course you have our blessing and I expect nothing but the best manners from you my son". Everyone agreed and the teachers released the students home early this year due to the year's events. Once they arrived at the train station Harry and Cedric were met by a smiling Sirius Black. He gave his godson a huge hug "Hey pup how are you doing?" "I'm good thanks Siri and I want to formally introduce you to my boyfriend Cedric" Sirius turns his attention to the taller boy that was standing next to his godson "so you are the one responsible for taking my godson's heart?" Cedric was a little nervous at this as he did not know where this was going "Um yeah I would certainly hope so". Sirius breaks out into a huge laugh "come on you two let's get home". The three of them leave Kings Cross and head to the house. About a month later after they have all gotten settled in for the summer holidays Harry is in the study reading some books when Cedric walks in. "Hey baby" Cedric kisses Harry on the cheek. Harry looks up at him "hey. So, what did Dumbledore want?" Cedric sits down in a chair next to him. "Well he wants me to come back to Hogwarts this year to apprentice under Professor Flitwick since I want to become a master of Charms." Harry is extremely happy "that is great news!" Harry kisses Cedric and is about to continue but he stops himself when he gets a sudden urge to puke. Harry runs to the bathroom and throws up. Cedric gets up with a concerned expression on his face and follows him to the bathroom "Harry, baby what's wrong?" Cedric rubs his back. Harry shakes his head and shudders a little from the nasty taste in his mouth "I don't know I have just been getting sick lately I think I just have a stomach bug". Cedric is not impressed by this answer "How long exactly have you been getting sick for?" "I think about a couple of weeks or so". Harry cringes at the expression he was receiving from his boyfriend "Maybe Sirius can get poppy here and she can check me out". Cedric nods in agreement "That sounds good I will go talk to him and you should go lay down on the bed". "Alright Ced I will go do that". He kisses him and goes to lay down on the bed. Cedric goes downstairs to find Sirius. "Sirius, are you down here?" "Yeah I'm in the kitchen" Sirius says. "Do you think you could get Poppy here Harry says he has been sick for several weeks?" Sirius raises an eyebrow at him "what do you mean he has been sick for several weeks?" Cedric shakes his head "I don't know any more details than that to be honest this is the first time I am hearing of this. As you know I just got back from meeting with Dumbledore and I want up to tell Harry about our meeting and we kissed then he stopped and bolted out of the room towards the bathroom and puked" Sirius nodded "He tends to not tell people when something is wrong with him unfortunately. But yes, I can get her here. Anything for my godson". Sirius fire calls Poppy "Mr. Black how can I be of service?" "It's Harry he is not feeling well and whatever it is, it's not getting any better" "Okay I will make my through then a check up on the troublesome potter" Poppy makes it through the floo and heads to where Harry is. "So, what seems to be the problem Mr. Potter?" Poppy asks. Harry looks up at the Matron "I have been feeling light headed and have been getting sick for about three weeks now." "Okay then Mr. Potter let's look at you. Mr. Diggory and Mr. Black please leave the room so I can check Harry." Poppy runs some tests and find's something that surprises her. "Mr. Potter are you sexually active with Mr. Diggory?" Harry blushes completely taken off guard by the question "um yes I am. Why?" "Well it would appear that you are pregnant". Harry just sat there until he was finally able to put a sentence together "Pre-pregnant? Are you sure?" "Yes Mr. Potter I am absolutely sure you are four weeks along to be exact." She says will complete confidence. Harry thinks back to four weeks ago. Flashback Harry and Cedric are making out in Harry's room at Grimmuald Place and Cedric has just put up a locking and silencing charm on the room so no one can walk in on them. " Cedric I think I am ready" He looks at his green eyes " Are you sure Harry?" " Yes, I want my first time to be with you" Harry kisses him. Cedric kisses Harry back and takes of his shirt and pants and kisses down Harry's body Harry is moaning "keep going please" Cedric continues to kiss him all over then he puts his fingers inside Harry's underwear and grabs his thighs. Cedric looks at Harry with a questioning look and Harry nods so Cedric pulls Harry's underwear off. "Now it is your turn to take your clothes off Ced". Cedric laughs a little but then does as Harry says and takes his clothes off. Cedric prepares Harry with his fingers "Oohhh Ced that feels so good" Cedric smirks and continues for a few minutes then he removes his fingers. Harry whines at the loss. He doesn't have to wait long Cedric then replaces it with his length and Harry winces at the slight discomfort "Am I hurting you? I will stop if you need me to" Cedric says with a worried expression written on his face. " You can move Ced". Cedric nods and pushes in and out of Harry and he picks up the pace. Not long after Cedric releases inside Harry and collapses next to Harry on the bed. " I love you Ced" Cedric kisses him "I love you too Harry" End of flashback "I didn't even know that was possible" Harry stated still in shock. "Well someone as power as you it is not unheard of. There have been a few cases in the past but not a lot". "But I still don't understand how come if it was possible that no one ever told me?" "That I cannot answer you that is something you should ask