" galveston, texas, 1863 " "Ma'am." The word comes out strangled, and causes Major Whitlock to bite the inside of his cheek at the sudden intimidation he feels. In front of him, a woman – Maria – stands, her smile wide and teeth nearly the exact shade as her flawless skin. Maria was beautiful, certainly more beautiful than any woman that he would have ended up marrying had he remained in Galveston. "What's your name?" She glides around him. Her fingers trace patterns over the skin of his neck, lingering slightly longer than they should at his pulse point. "Ma'am," he moves to the side, to face the leader. A few feet away, her companions laugh and urge their friend to stop playing games. "We need to leave." "That we do," she hums once more. Her voice sounds like church bells, but instinct tells him to not be fooled by the woman's beauty and the childlike sound of her voice. "And we will, after I learn your name." "Major Jasper Whitlock, ma'am." He recites. " Maria !" "Hush, Nettie." "Ma'am, we must move now. It's not safe in this area." Jasper moves to place a hand on her elbow ( "If you must touch a woman, Jasper, take extra care that it be on the elbow .") but freezes when she's no longer at his side and has joined her two female companions once more. She argues for no longer than a minute and in a tone too quiet for Jasper to hear, but she's in front of him in a second, her hands on either side of his face, angling it towards the moon. "You will be of great use to me, Major." " goliad, texas, 1864 " "You are doing so well , Major," Maria exclaims in false pride, her hands clasped together in a manner that would have fooled anyone but him. Jasper nods along, following the pretense she has suddenly sprung onto him. He quirks his lip in the way that Nettie and Lucy love, and they too bask in pride. His gift is always useful in these situations. "Agreed," Lucy chimed in, her fair hair shimmering as she moves from her place to stand in front of him. "Already we have gained some of our territory back and instilled some fear into our rivals." Jasper nods once more. Nettie huffs. Jasper learned soon after his transformation that Nettie was normally in charge of battle strategies; being replaced did not – and will never – sit well with her. But still, he can feel her irritation ebbing away and being replace by a slow wave of appreciation that starts from her mind and slowly spreads throughout her dead veins. "We are indebted to you, Major." Maria begins, her fingers tracing the collar of his shirt as he stands still. She places her lips at the tender spot of his neck – his bite mark – and moves her lips to say the words she will not say aloud. Not that she needed to, Jasper felt her lust the moment he crossed the threshold and into the sitting room. " Lucy ," Nettie spits the name out, the venom in her voice nearly as deadly as the venom in her, "came up with a brilliant idea." Lucy laughs at the sarcasm dripping from Nettie's mouth. "Oh, Nettie," Lucy sighs, her eyes wide and filled with mock adoration as she too lets the sarcasm seep into her words. "I shall not take all of the credit. Our beloved friend Maria also chimed in. Isn't that right Maria?" He feels Maria's annoyance flicker and she pulls away from him, her lips pulled into a faux smile. "Yes, Lucy, that is correct." "Let's not keep the Major waiting." Nettie sighs in irritation, urging her friends to cut to the chase. "Why, of course. Major," Maria plants herself on one of the plush cushions of an extravagant piece of furniture, Lucy and Nettie doing the same across from them. She pats the spot beside her and he moves to follow, allowing her to take his hands and trace the few scars that litter his pallid skin. Maria begins to recite their earlier conversation, telling him of the new position he will now hold on top of the one he holds. Nettie moves to grab a map that will help her pinpoint the exact locations she desires and Lucy only nods approvingly. It goes on like this for the next several hours. With no say in the matter, Jasper becomes a glorified murderer. " gavelston, texas, 1870 " The smell of burning wood and marble turning to ash is engrained in his skin. He hates it, just like the way he's beginning to hate the amount of white crescents that have started to litter his skin. No matter how much he scrubs and picks and peels, the smell won't go away. Just like his scars. Maria finds it endearing. She whispered to him once after a night of unrestrained passion about how her past lover always got her worked up by just the smell of the remains of their kind, subtly hinting for him to stop trying to get rid of it because she likes it and whatever she wants goes. So Jasper stopped. He stopped washing his body in a stream several miles north, he stopped covering up the white moons that causes any vampire that lays sight of him to react viciously. And because he stopped, her affection became pronounced. Flamboyant. Everywhere he went, Maria followed. Her lust flared when he maneuvered a certain way or spoke in a low sultry voice that silenced even the rowdiest of newborns. Jasper loved it. After all, how many people have a powerful woman at their side who desires a companion more than money or power? No one. " san angelo, 1879 " Peter is a welcomed distraction. He's careless and reckless and it almost causes him to be cut, but at the last second something changed and Jasper was able to convince Maria to keep him. She agreed, but not after Jasper suffered several new scars and a daily reminder of who is in charge. Now, they stand side by side, watching the fames dance in the security of the night. As of late, the emotional turmoil between the lead women is all consuming. It itches under his skin; rubs violently against a deep corner of his brain. Jasper feels himself teetering dangerously on the edge of insanity; drunk, off Maria's revenge and enraged by the malice and murder everywhere he goes. "Tonight, then?" Peter tries, making conversation. "Tonight." Jasper confirms. Peter never showed. " san angelo, texas, 1879 " "Jasper –" "Don't." " You know I'm not like you." " presidio, texas, 1881 " History repeats itself. It is natural. Like the rain that crashes against the dirt roads; the yearly slaughter of newborn vampires; draining the blood from unsuspecting humans. It's all natural. He accepted it, he fights it. But nature never fails. And history repeats itself. It is his friend, Peter. He's not sure of the source (Jasper knows, of course he knows, but he refuses to believe it) and it gets under his marble skin; it stabs at the sanity Jasper has fought so hard to keep. "Tonight, then?" Peter asks. His voice is different, strangled. "Tonight." " presidio, texas, 1881 " Peter showed. It is the brief moment of relief and the swooping feeling in his stomach that confirms what he knows deep down inside of him. But Jasper is a soldier, and does what he has been trained to do. It is the third female that Maria allowed to be changed. It is the third female she has ordered to be executed. Her name is Charlotte, and the dread and fear that hits him twice as hard and twice as deep when he calls her name nearly knocks him off balance. The flames nearly swallow him whole, but he rights himself fast enough for it not to. Peter is holding onto her, a feral look in his eyes. She's trembling and she won't release her hold on him either. He feels it, he sees it; the unrestrained passion and will to die protecting the one you love; the ache to be together in peace. "Go," he tells them. If it were him – if it were ever him – all things good knows he'd want to be spared long enough to just taste it. " presidio, texas, 1881 " "How –" Razors for teeth. "Dare –" Talons for nails. "You –" Venom for murder. " unknown, 1885 " She rules more land than he cares to admit. More than he cares to know . If he knows, than he'll start doing the math. He'll start remembering, reliving. The marble that is his skin will burn and irritate and nothing will be able to soothe it; phantom pain is worse than any fresh wound ever could. Maria fears him. She is on her toes more since Peter and his mate escaped. She still parades him around; he is her trophy and forever will be. She still uses his body. But she is more careful. More reserved. She does not trust him. They both know he knows it. If he wants to live, he has to kill her. " unknown, 1890 " They are clawing at each other. He detests her . But still, this is the only life he has ever known. What would he do if he – "Sir, do you –" Jasper always cringes at the sound of human muscle and bone shattering inside of his victim. " unknown, 1901 " This year is different. Something stirs inside of him. It awakens and disrupts him. It feels good ; warm and feels like a small bubble of happiness and something completely alien to him. He does not know what to think of it. " unknown, 1904 " It does not go away. It does not grow stronger either. Jasper ignores it the best he can. But, how can you ignore something so foreign and so wildly familiar? " unknown, 1917 " "Major." "Yes?" "Swear you will never leave me." He stares at her. "I swear." " unknown, 1920 " This time, this time it is different. He feels as if he has been attacked and ravaged once more. He hasn't, not in a long time. At least, not enough to feel as if the venom is working its way through his system again for the first time. Jasper is warm and more than intoxicated as the coil within him slowly unwinds. He does not know what to make of it – he does not know what to do. That doesn't mean he ever wants it to go away. " unknown, 1924 " Maria senses the change in him. He showers her in the things she loves the most; blood and sex. It's the easiest way to divert her. This is not right, this is not right. It's a mantra. The remaining slivers of his sanity clinging to those four words. " unknown, 1933 " He misses his friend. Their relationship was always tense; Jasper was never able to fully forgive his friend for leaving him to murder Nettie and Lucy alone. But Peter knew what it was like to destroy everything you touch. To lie for the sake of power. To feel the hard expanse of marble in your mouth. The smell of burning marble and venom in the night sky. He knew it all. Jasper wishes him well, but still yearns for their nighttime confessions. " unknown, 1938 " There's a subtle signal from the forested area outside of Maria's newest addition to her many mansions. He has never been able to follow through with his decision to kill her. He couldn't. Killing her would be killing himself. Peter stands in the clearing several miles away from Maria's palace. He's smiling and welcomes Jasper