So, this is an idea I had recently, so I thought I might as well try it out. Hope you guys like it! By the way, the title may change soon. Chapter 1 - Prologue The clear sounds of light footsteps rang out as feet clashed fiercely against the metallic ground. Each step carried within it thousands of meaning, with a hint of fear and uncertainty as they rang out endlessly throughout the black space. In complete and utter darkness that seemed to devour all in existence, someone ran without stopping. It was impossible to discern the person's shape, size or age because of the lack of lighting, but if judging from the sounds of the footsteps alone, said person didn't seem to weight much. That person had been running for the past couple of hours...or was it minutes? He truly didn't know, nor did he care at this point in time. He only that he had been running for a long, long time. Longer than he could imagine. It could have even been days… or months… even years… In this dark and desolate place, the passage of time was an abstract thing. It was impossible to know if it had been one second or one years, as they all felt the same. From time to time, he would turn his head back, only to see two pairs of shiny red lights that seemed to follow him wherever he went. Said lights were curved, narrowed and seemed like light and menacing eyes. Those lights, or eyes, if the person's assumptions was correct, seemed to glare back at him, deep into his own eyes, piercing into his brain, sending him wave after wave of fear, anguish and terror. Along with those lights, there were also sounds of heavy footsteps behind him, much louder than his, coupled with occasional, maddened, barks. Those barks were nothing short of hellish, as the ground almost trembled every time the being behind him barked. This barks penetrated deep into his soul, just like the eyes, making his entire body tremble as fear threatened to take hold of him. However, he kept a steady heart as expelled those intruding feelings, knowing that they would bring forth his downfall. Sweat dripped from the person's forehead as he kept running in this empty, black space, that seemed to have no end. His clothes were already drenched in sweat, and his face started growing tired and weary. His greatest fear at that moment was to reach a dead-end. If such a thing happened… he didn't even dare to imagine it. He had been running for a long time already, and it was taking its toll on him. However, he didn't dare to pause for even a second, for he knew that whatever was pursuing him only needed a single moment to catch up to him. And, he knew better than anyone what path would lay ahead him if such a being managed to grasp him under its pawns. As such, he could only keep aimlessly running, hoping that what was behind him would give up on its never-ending chase. Sadly, whatever was behind him didn't seem to have such intentions, as it continued running in a constant pace, as if it wasn't tired in the slightest even after all this. The person then cursed slightly as he tried to remember something; anything. It didn't matter what it was, as long as he could remember something, then it was fine. However, it was as if all he knew had been erased from his mind. He didn't know who he was, what he was, where he was and why he was there. He only knew that he should run. And, that's what he did. He tried to rack his brain while he ran, pushing his mental facilities to the limit as he tried to break the seal that had been placed on his memories. However, it was to no avail as it didn't so much as budge. It was firmly fixed there, with its roots implanted deep within. As he kept running for hours to end, his breath started getting ragged as the fatigue was taking over him. The being behind him, however, showed no signs of slowing down. In fact, the red eyes-like lights seemed to glow even brighter, and the footsteps louder. Even the mad barks became even more bloodcurdling, sending him chills all over his body. He then cursed once more as he pushed his body past its limit, forcing himself to continue. He couldn't help but to glance at the being behind him, hoping that something would happen to it. He didn't dare what price he would have to pay, as long as someone took his out of there, he would gladly accept it without a second thought. The red lights glanced back at him, followed by an angry bark that shook the entire metallic establishment. Clenching his teeth, he continued running as he turned his head around to look at the being once more, for the umpteenth time already. He didn't know what this being was and why it was following him. His last memory was waking up in this dark place, so dark that he couldn't even see his hands, and soon after that, this being started chasing after him. After a couple of more minutes, he finally saw something in the distance. Wait… he saw something?! Seeing meant light… light… Light! His eyes widened as he found out that not to far away from him, there was some illumination of sorts, that greatly contrasted against the pitch-black environment he was at. His heart started beating faster as adrenaline started pumping through his veins, taking away all of his fatigue. He was now renewed, bustling with energy, as his running speed soared to new heights, making him to begin to open up a considerable distance between him and the being behind him. It was as if the hope that the source of light had given him had rekindled his strength and energy. With a roar, he ran forward, so fast that he could feel muscles in his legs tearing, breaking apart. He was betting all that he had on this light. It was all or nothing! If the light couldn't save him… he was damned. Finally, when he was about to approach the light, he jumped forward as he closed his eyes in glee and hope. He didn't know why, but he had a feeling in his gut that once he reached this light, the being behind him would stop its pursue. However, his happiness was short lived, as instead of crashing against the ground that was supposed to be on the other side of the light, all he felt was the force of gravity acting upon him as he was pressed down, wind rushing up against him in the opposite direction. He quickly opened his eyes, only to see that he was no longer standing on land, but falling down. And, that was not all. He was far into the sky, so far that he could barely see the piece of land beneath him. With widened eyes, he felt as the wind rashly brushed against his cheeks, pulling them up. His eyes seemed uncertain as panic took over him. Then, he once more felt a feeling on the back of his mind, telling him to look up. When he did so, he saw various points of light. At first, he was confused as to what they were, but a name appeared on his mind – Stars. He then looked back down again, taking note that he had yet to reach the ground. Strangely enough, after looking at the stars, he stopped feeling panic. It was as if his panic was like sand on beach that was washed away by the waves, leaving nothing behind. In fact, he felt unprecedented and utter calmness, as if the entire situation was under his control. He didn't know what was giving him such confidence, but, at the moment, he didn't have the luxury to care. He could only relinquish on this feeling as he tried to think of some way out of this situation. As he looked at the fast approaching ground, he felt something within him burst into existence. It was like a small blaze had just sparked from nothing, as if it had ignited ignited into life. This spark was situated within his heart, and soon, it started growing wider, bigger and stronger. Soon, this spark had become a huge flame that burned within his entire body, sending current after current of warmth all over over him. He felt his strength returning to him, his vision becoming clearer, the world becoming brighter. As of this moment, the ground was only a couple of seconds away. However, when he looked at it, he didn't seem to have the same fear from before. His eyes were now shining, burning with energy as he glared back at the ground that was about to collide with him. In the very last moment, he opened his mouth and filled his lungs with air, shouting afterward with all his strength. The moment he did so, he launched his hands forward the moment he collided with the ground. The moment his hands touched it, he could feel the distinct sound of bones breaking, but he ignored it as he forced his body to use its momentum to propel itself forward, making him roll in the ground. He rolled for a while, before finally coming to a halt. With his arms opened, he laid there on the ground, looking up at the stars. He could clearly feel that all bones on his arms had been shattered and that they were pretty much useless now, but he didn't feel any pain. Instead, as soon as he stopped rolling, he felt the flames within him burning even brighter as they started spread its warmth to the crippled arms. Soon, he felt with amazement as the shattered bones begun to mend themselves, slowly restoring to it's original shape. Following that, his veins that had been ruptured connected together again, making blood start to flow back into his arms. With widened eyes, the person felt that as of this moment, his arms were as good as new. With a little bit of pausing, he tried to move his fingers, only for them to respond perfectly. In disbelief, he slowly lifted his body up and analyzed his arms. It was as if they had never been hurt… Finally, he spoke, "In fifteen minutes, my arms regenerated..." His voice was young, seemingly that of a six or an eight years old child. His eyes widened as he noticed that. When he was at the metallic dark space, all he could hear were his own thoughts, as any sound he uttered was muffled by the heavy footsteps of that mysterious being and its barks. "Young..." He muttered as he began to analyze his body for the first time, using the light that the stars provided. As he analyzed his body, an idea came to his mind. He turned his attention back to the flame that burned within him with endless passion, filling him with warmth. He then ever so slowly brought this flames to his head, intending to use them to break the mental barriers. However, the moment he did so, he felt a searing paint within him as his eyes turned blood-shot. He immediately stopped the process and brought the flames away from his head, back into his heart. After some minutes, the pain disappeared and he took in a deep breath as his eyes started to shine. In that split-second that the flames collided against that mental barrier, although he wasn't able to acquire much, he managed to remember something. His name was Perseus. Seeing that he was already healed, the boy, who just discovered that his name was Perseus, got up from the ground and straightened himself up as