- Usual Disclaimers - I do not own any of the characters in this story except those of my own imagination, never have and never will. They are all the property of the great J R R Tolkien and will remain so. Rating: NC13 (at the moment Characters: Legolas, Gimli, Haldir, Rumil and introducing Balewath and Melpomaen (yes he's better known as Figwit but there's very little fanfiction about him which isn't slash and I like him - lol). Many others later This is AU with some canon, but not much. Rather than resurrect Haldir, I have decided to go with book-verse, in that he never went to Helm's Deep and therefore did not die. Much healthier outcome for him! Oh, and this is a re-write of a story I started a while ago. It was called 'The Journey' then but I got bogged down with it and it has hung around for nearly two years. I've introduced new characters and will be changing the plot so hence the new name. …………………………………………………………………………….. Chapter1 - An Idea Becomes Reality Legolas leant against the tall oak, crossed his arms and released a deep sigh. He watched as the master craftsmen added the finishing touches to yet another talan but although gratified by the sight, he was aware the satisfaction he usually felt at such an event was not as it once had been. He turned from the scene, and began walking beneath the many new buildings which had appeared over the past ten years. Feelings of pride for all which had been achieved in the new Elven settlement gave way once again to the ever-growing sense of discontent he felt for his self imposed confinement within the new realm. When Faramir had suggested the venture to the Mirkwood prince, Legolas had accepted, if a little reluctantly, to become the new Lord of Bair Edhellen. His reluctance came from the knowledge that he would no longer be free to explore the many strange and wonderful places of Arda as he once had, with only his close friend, Gimli, son of Gloin, as his traveling companion. The beauty of the Glittering Caves still filled his dreams as did the mysterious depths of Fangorn Forest. Long days had he wandered with his companion and many were the experiences they had shared, but he had become aware of the changing perceptions of his kin as they sought to find their purpose, now the age of Men was upon them. Many had sailed across the sea to the Undying Lands, but many others remained. Why some chose to leave whilst others stayed was always of interest to him. For himself, he knew he would not leave, whilst his friend, King Elessar still lived. Other Elves, he knew, had their own reasons. Many of the colonists in Bair Edhellen were from Lorien. They had chosen to seek a new life elsewhere, rather than remain in a fading realm. Their Lord, Celeborn, had established a new realm in South Mirkwood following the fall of the great evil of Dol Guldur, which had over-shadowed Mirkwood for so long. Although this new realm carried the name of their former home, East Lorien could not supplant the affection they felt for the place which, for so long, had been regarded by the Elves as the home of Elvendom on earth, and so they had come willingly to make a new start in a land which would hold no memories for them. Legolas was grateful for the presence of so many of the former Galadhrim. Although the evil of the Dark Lord Sauron had been destroyed, marauding groups of insurgents still appeared from time to time, to threaten the peace of Gondor and Ithilien. There were also occasions when roaming bands of Orc and Uruk-hai, leaderless and aimless, would happen upon unsuspecting Elves or Men and these attacks proved to be the most blood-thirsty of all, as the spawn of Sauron took their revenge for their downfall. The skills and knowledge of the Guardians were proving to be invaluable both in the immediate defense of Bair Edhellen and in the training of others, as many Elven warriors had laid down their lives during the War of the Ring. Legolas had been especially pleased at the arrival of the brothers, Haldir and Rumil of Lorien. Rumil was a highly skilled warrior, but his elder brother was the former Marchwarden of Lorien, Captain of the Galadhrim. His skill and bravery were renowned and his abilities would, Legolas was certain, be put to good use in defending the colony. Thus it was that Haldir was now known as Marchwarden of Bair Edhellen and he bore this new mantle with the same stoicism and pride as he had done for centuries past in his former realm. Legolas was startled from his musings by the abrupt arrival of one for whom he held true affection and esteem. Gimli, son of Gloin, was an unusual friend to be sure, but all who know both Elf and Dwarf understood their feelings ran deep and few now questioned their bond of companionship. There still remained, however, one for whom their companionable association still rankled. Since first meeting Gimli on the borders of Lorien when, on their quest to destroy the One Ring the Fellowship had cause to pass through his realm, Haldir had exhibited undisguised animosity toward the Dwarf. These emotions, borne from years of unsociable intercourse between both races, had mellowed over time into those of strained tolerance and limited respect. Consequently, both still took great delight in sniping at each other at every given opportunity and Legolas knew immediately he saw Gimli's expression, it was more than likely that the Marchwarden had once again hit his mark. Sure enough, Gimli's first words confirmed Legolas' suspicions. 'Arrogant upstart!' he spluttered, his expression mirroring his obvious irritation. Legolas bowed his head to disguise the smirk which threatened to break into a full grin as Gimli continued; 'I was walking past the training ground, minding my own business, when a young Elven maid asked my opinion on the technique she was using. Quick as a flash, HE was at her side, telling her she should know better than to ask a Dwarf's opinion on anything other than wielding an axe or a pick!' Gimli paused and awaited comment from his friend, but when none was forthcoming, he blustered on once more; 'I told you at the time, it was not wise to place Haldir of Lorien in a position of command, but did you listen to me? No! As usual, when it came to matters involving your own people, you chose to ignore good, honest advice and now see what you've created - a power-mad, egotistical dictator!' Legolas could contain his mirth no longer and gave free reign to his laughter. Through tear-filled eyes, he struggled to regain control and stretched our his hand to restrain the Dwarf, who had turned to take his leave, his ire aggravated even more by his friend. 'Forgive me, dear Gimli,' gasped Legolas between chuckles, 'but this has to be the third or fourth time in as many days that you have had cause to complain of something or other that our dear Marchwarden has done or said to upset you. The strange thing is I have never heard him complain once about you. Could it be you have transcended all tradition of your race and become……..sensitive?' Legolas graced Gimli with his most disarming smile and the Dwarf's ill-temper mellowed accordingly. 'Aye, well,' he muttered, 'I dare say living with your kin would do that to the most sturdy of types!' then added, 'but that aside, he never passes the opportunity to take a stab at me. I swear he lives only to goad me!' Legolas shifted his attention slightly and watched in silence as Haldir walked up slowly and stealthily behind Gimli to stand but a few steps away. His features were settled into an expression of self-satisfaction and his softly spoken words dripped with cynicism. 'And you never fail but rise to the bait!' Gimli spun around and set his shoulders for yet another confrontation, but Legolas seized the moment and stepped between them; 'Enough of this! Your constant ill-humour can be permitted to continue no longer.' Legolas paused and a wide grin spread across his features as the most wonderful idea unfurled itself within his mind, before he continued, 'I believe I know the reason for your discontent and also, the solution!' Legolas beamed at his two friends, but each regarded him with bemusement. Undaunted, Legolas continued; 'Do you not see? Ten years we have been here! Ten…long….years! Legolas paused for the implication of his words to have some effect upon his companions, but when neither offered understanding of his statement, he continued; 'We have each of us had our adventures, lived life to the full and now……now, all we have is mundane, day-to-day existence.' Legolas' gazed upwards and both Gimli and Haldir gazed into that same space, but deciding whatever Legolas was looking at was beyond their vision, fixed their eyes on each other instead. For once, they felt a mutual understanding. They were convinced Legolas was not himself and were bemused as to his ailment, for surely Elves were immune to ills? Legolas continued: 'What we need, dear friends, is another adventure, a journey of new discovery which will serve to sooth our discontent and open our minds once more to the wonders of the world in which we live.' 'An admirable thought, but whence shall we travel? There are no longer great causes and quests to which we can apply our well honed skills. To merely wander through the countryside without aim or purpose seems a pointless effort,' replied Haldir. 'Aye, for once I must agree!' added Gimli, but Legolas noticed the Dwarf was regarding him hopefully, as though he anticipated further persuasive argument from the prince. He was not disappointed as Legolas continued: 'Not everything in life has to have some great purpose or lead to an outstanding victory, Haldir. Can we not travel for travel's sake and follow whatever path lies before us? There are many places in Gondor and even Ithilien of which, I am certain, you are ignorant. Let us venture into the unknown together on a journey of discovery.' Haldir allowed Legolas' words to wash over him and after a few moments of considered thought replied: 'I must concede, your proposal does indeed tempt and intrigue, Legolas. It would provide a most welcome respite to the mundane tasks of each and every day. I shall give it some thought.' 'Oh no you won't!' said Gimli, reluctant to let the opportunity of adventure pass into apathy. 'Make your mind up right here, right now, or else……we'll go without you!' Haldir was taken aback by the Dwarf's insistence and, although contrary to his nature, decided immediately upon his course of action. 'Very well, I agree we should undertake this venture.' Turning to Legolas he continued: Have you given thought to who exactly will accompany us on this expedition? For myself, I would like to request my brother's inclusion. There are still unfriendly entities outside our borders and an extra bow might not go amiss.' 'Aye, that is true, my friend. It would be wise for others to accompany us. I had thought to request the company also of Balewath and Amrion, our Smiths. They have worked tirelessly these past years to provide the weapons required for the new wardens, not to mention other items of more mundane but essential use.' Legolas paused as he thought of yet another Elf whom he believed would enjoy such a venture. 'Oh, and let us not forget Melpomaen. He has become most melancholy since Lord Elrond departed for the Undying Lands. Since he took office as my advisor he has become invaluable to me but I cannot help but notice he suffers a little from melancholic thoughts of his old home