Chapter One: A Surprising Request It was the last week of the summer term at Hogwarts, and Severus Snape was exhausted. His OWL results were to be revealed in mid-August, and though he couldn't wait to find out what they were, wanted to rest for a while and not think about them. He was sitting in the library, and was in the process of writing an essay for his Defence Against the Dark Arts class that he hoped he would be taking next year. An Outstanding was needed to be able to take Defence Against the Dark Arts at NEWT level, and Severus was fairly confident he would be able to attend the class as he had spent hours laboriously revising the minute details of spells of dark magic, and the exam had gone pretty well. And so Severus had already begun studying the NEWT syllabus for the subject, which happened to be his favourite subject, hence why he was writing essays for the class even though it was the final week of the summer term. Severus had taken The Study of Ancient Runes and Arithmancy as his extra subjects for his OWLs, as well as the seven other core subjects: Potions, Charms, Transfiguration, History of Magic, Astronomy, Herbology and Defence Against the Dark Arts. He had decided to drop Herbology, Astronomy and Transfiguration so that he would only be taking six subjects at NEWT level: Potions, Charms, History of Magic, Arithmancy, The Study of Ancient Runes and of course, Defence Against the Dark Arts. Even though in Severus' eyes he was only taking six subjects during his last two years at Hogwarts, this was actually the maximum number of subjects one could take at NEWT level. Generally, it was recommended that students who wish to continue their studies take five subjects, as this was the necessary qualifications to be able to work at the Ministry of Magic. Although three NEWTs would certainly enable you to get a job, if you wanted to have a salary greater than 10,000 Galleons a year, five NEWTs were needed. Severus took six, however, as he found all his chosen subjects very interesting, particularly Defence Against the Dark Arts. During his talk with Professor Slughorn, the Slytherin Head of House, Severus had pleaded Slughorn to allow him to take six subjects, despite not actually knowing what he wanted to do once he left school. Slughorn had happily acquiesced, perhaps only due to the fact that Severus had once been part of the Slug Club along with Lily Evans and a few others due to his brilliance in Potions. He hadn't been invited back, however, and he suspected it was due to his lack of conversation-making with the Slytherin Head of House, or any of the other members, rather. The conversation about Severus' career choice had been rather thought-provoking, and Slughorn had suggested that Severus might become an alchemist, as he was particularly talented in Potion-making. Severus hadn't completely opposed the idea but he wasn't entirely sure if that was what he wanted to do for the rest of his life. Slughorn had also suggested to him to take a job at the Ministry as Severus would have an incredibly high chance if he succeeded in all six of his NEWTs. "You could work in the Department of Magical Transportation, ooh better yet-the Committee of Experimental Charms, yes you'd have a lot of fun there!" Slughorn had told him excitedly. The suggestions had been very interesting, but still, he could not decide if that was the job he was meant to have. Somehow he felt that…they didn't fit him. Which was absurd, because everyone knew that Severus always had his head crammed down a cauldron as he spent a lot of his free time making Potions. Severus continued writing the essay when all of a sudden he drew his elbow back which caused the inkpot to topple over and spread ink all over his parchment. "Not again!" He moaned, as he had an unusually bad habit of being careless around inkpots. It didn't matter where he was or who he was with but somehow he always managed to spill the ink all over his parchment that he was in the middle of writing on. He blamed his left-handedness, and consequently, on his father as he too, wrote with his left hand. Severus sighed and whispered 'Tergeo' so that the ink would wring itself out of the parchment and go back into the inkpot. He was too tired, that was it. The OWL examinations had worn him out. Thankfully, he had finished the essay and so he began to gather up his things. It was nearing five o'clock and so that meant he had an hour and a half before he had to go down to the Great Hall and eat dinner. Now that all fifth-year students had completed their OWLs in mid-June, they had spent the last month relaxing as they didn't have to go any lessons. Some NEWT introduction classes had been held for students to experience what the next year would be like, but aside from that the fifth-years could just enjoy their summer early. Some of the students had decided to go home already, but most of them had decided to stay at Hogwarts and be with their friends. There were also all the normal clubs being held and so the fifth-years didn't want to miss that! Severus hadn't left early as he hadn't particularly wanted to go and see his parents and also Lily had stayed, and she was his closest friend. It was always fun to have her around. Severus got up and slung his bag over his shoulder as he exited the library. He felt a bit sleepy and wondered if he might be able to sneak in a nap before he went to go and eat dinner. He continued walking up the moving stairs up to the Slytherin common room when all of sudden he heard James Potter's loud and obnoxious voice. "Snivellus! I'm about to go and crush your team out there, wish me luck!" James laughed, and only then did Severus notice he was wearing his Quidditch uniform. Severus glared at James, he didn't care about the Slytherin Quidditch team! He wondered why everyone else was so obsessed about the sport. He quickly drew out his wand and raised it in the air, but James had already realised that Severus was going to hex him, and had his wand out at the ready also. They looked at each other for a moment before James yelled 'Redactum Skullus!'. Severus responded immediately with 'Protego!' "Will you two bloody stop?!" A voice cried, and Severus turned around to see Mitchell Clearwater, the Slytherin Quidditch captain. "You tried to shrink my head!" Severus screeched at James, who laughed in response. "It's too large." James replied. "I was trying to do you a favour!" "Get out of here, Potter!" Mitchell shouted at him. "You don't want to be too distracted, in case you lose to us? Goodness knows what the school will think if the 'Quidditch Hero' loses a match against his worst opponent!" James scowled at Mitchell and walked away, with his broom in his hand. Severus was still shook from the event. Potter had tried to shrink his head! Mitchell then turned to Severus and sighed as he scanned Severus' lanky frame from head to toe. "You're playing today." He said. Severus looked at Mitchell questioningly. What on earth was this seventh-year going on about? "Playing what?" Severus asked, slowly. Mitchell stared at Severus in disbelief. "You're supposed to be smart, for Merlin's sake. Don't tell me you're actually thick now? Playing Quidditch, obviously !" Severus couldn't respond. This has to be a joke; there was no way he was actually being asked by the Slytherin Quidditch captain to play for their team in the match against Gryffindor. Did they want to lose? "Do you think you're being funny?" Severus said angrily. "Do you think this is a good laugh?" "Oh, come off it, Snape. Why would I be joking? Gabriella Stone is injured, and we need someone to play for her." "And you couldn't find anyone else?" Severus said sarcastically. "No avid first-years who would be desperate to play instead?" "First-years aren't good enough! We all agreed that we needed someone who is at least in fifth-year, and you're the first person I happen to find. We're running out of time. The game is going to start in five minutes! And trust me, you're not my first pick by any means." Severus was slightly offended by the comment, but figured it didn't mean much. He was terrible at sports, that everyone knew. "I'm not going to do it." Severus said stubbornly. He was not about to be put in perhaps the most embarrassing situation of his life. "I haven't picked up a broom since first-year, when Flying was compulsory!" "You think I'm giving you a choice? If you don't do this, you'll think James Potter is an angel by the time I'm done with you." Clearwater said venomously. "But I'm in Slytherin! You can't hurt me when I'm in your own house!" Severus protested. "You're wrong." Clearwater said, in a tone so calm it frightened the life out of Severus. "And the fact I'm in Slytherin means you'll know how far I'll go to get what I want. We aren't afraid of anything." Severus gulped, and tried to think of any excuse to get him out of playing in the match. "I don't have a broom!" He exclaimed suddenly, and Mitchell shook his head. "We'll get you one. It'll be rubbish for sure, but you'll have to deal with it." "I don't have Quidditch robes!" Severus tried, but Mitchell had already begun dragging Severus down the stairs by the collar. Two minutes later Severus was angrily being frogmarched to the Quidditch pitch, with his dirty and stained Slytherin Quidditch robes that were two sizes too big for him. He was given a battered old broom, which even he could tell was rubbish. He could hear James Potter hysterically laughing in the background at the sight of Severus. "Is this a joke? Padfoot, did you do this?" James yelled at his friend, Sirius Black, who was stood in the Gryffindor stand. Severus saw Sirius grin and yell back, "Unfortunately not!" Severus was shaken up with fear. He couldn't do this! He barely even knew how Quidditch worked! The loud chants of the Gryffindor supporters made his stomach squirm. He turned to look at the Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw stand which was surprisingly full. However, it was known that the Slytherin vs Gryffindor match was a much awaited one, and students from every house loved to come and watch. The Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws also cheered for the Gryffindor team, and so the cheers of the Slytherin house were mostly drowned out. "Mitchell!" Severus whispered at the Slytherin Quidditch captain who was stood next to him. "What position does Gabriella Stone play?" "Oh, she's a Seeker." Mitchel said nonchalantly. "So you're going to have to catch the snitch." Severus eyes widened so much he feared they would fall off. "I can't do that!" He protested. "Can't you switch the positions in the team?" "We don't have time!" Mitchell groaned at him. "If you hadn't spent so much time trying to get out of it…" To this Severus didn't know what to say, so he gulped and tried to face what was going to happen. He only hoped that the Slytherin Quidditch team had three very good Chasers, or else they weren't going to win. All of a sudden, the voice of Albus Dumbledore filled the Quidditch grounds. He had his wand held to his throat so that his voice would be resonated to allow everyone to hear him. "Students!" He began. "Today, you join us for the final Quidditch match of this school year, between Slytherin and Gryffindor!" The crowd cheered in