A snort broke their uneasy silence. Then a thud, and Elrond of Rivendell hopped lightly off his great steed. "Mae govannen," said Haldir, standing up at once and bowing. He brushed his grey cloak to the side and sat back down. Elrond nodded briefly and turned to Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel, who were sitting adjacent to Haldir. Haldir watched Elrond, who's face was filled with grief and pain. He knew that Elrond was grieving over his daughter Arwen, who was journeying to Valinor with the rest of the Elves of Rivendell, never to return. He remembered Celebrían, and felt for Elrond's losses. His eyes followed Elrond, who strode over to the window watching the line of Elves leaving. "I amar prestar aen, han mathon ne nen, han mathon ne chae a han noston ned 'wilith," said Galadriel, cutting into the silence with in her low but soft voice. "The power of the enemy is growing. Sauron will use his puppet, Saruman to destroy the people of Rohan." She turned to Elrond. "Isengard has been unleashed," she said heavily. "The Eye of Sauron now turns to Gondor, the last free kingdom of Men. His war on this country will come swiftly. He senses the Ring is close. The strength of the Ring-bearer is failing. In his heart, Frodo begins to understand the quest will claim his life." Haldir glanced at Elrond, who looked up and sighed heavily. "You know this," said Galadriel clearly. "You have foreseen it. It is the risk we all took." As she spoke her eyes fell on Nenya, one of the Three Elven Rings, that she bore on her right middle finger. "In the gathering dark, the will of the Ring grows strong," she continued. "It works hard now to find its way back into the hands of Men. Men, who are so easily seduced by its power. The young captain of Gondor has but to extend his hand, take the Ring for his own and the world will fall. It is close now. So close to achieving its goal. For Sauron will have domination over all life on this Earth, even unto the ending of the world." Elrond turned around and Galadriel looked around at all of them. "The time of the Elves is over. Do we leave Middle-earth to its fate? Do we let them stand alone?" They all watched Elrond in silence as he walked over to a wall-painting and gazed at it. It showed Isildur grasping the sword of Elendil with Sauron upon him. His back stiffened and he turned around to face them. "We must fight," he declared firmly. "We must go to their aid." Celeborn stood up. "And how do you propose we do this?" he inquired of Elrond. "Must we sent our people to their deaths and watch Sauron defeat us as well?" "Send out the Galadhrim to fight alongside of the Men, my Lord," Haldir put in. "We are able enough and together we can hold back the forces of Isengard. We have faced the same Evil and we have defeated it." "They are stronger now than they were in the past," replied Galadriel. "They have bred an entire army of Uruks all for the purpose of wiping out all of Rohan. They are prepared this time and they are host of ten thousand. We do not have that many. Aragorn has caught a glimpse of the marching army on his journey to Helm's Deep alone. He will warn Théoden, King of Rohan and together they will gather all the able-bodied men and boys alike to form a defence. They will all perish; the Rohirrim are leagues away and there is no calling for help at this hour." "Then we must do what we can," insisted Elrond. "We must not leave Aragorn and the prince of Mirkwood to perish nor can we watch the people of Helm's Deep a brutal massacre. We must also do this for Arwen. Haldir is right; we can only send out the Galadhrim to do what they can. We have no choice." "We have a choice," said Celeborn smoothly. "We can leave Middle-earth to its fate and we can leave to Valinor before it is too late. We must save our own people." "And leave the Men?" questioned Haldir. "How will we be able to leave contentedly and peacefully knowing that we have heartlessly and pitilessly abandoned the Men during their hour of need. They are weak and we all know it. They know it themselves. They know that they cannot stand a chance against Isengard. They will all perish alongside their King and Gondor's King." Celeborn sat down. "Send the Galadhrim to Helm's Deep," he said quietly. "They must be fully clad in armour and carrying each a bow, a sword and a quiver full of strong arrows. Ensure that they are all in working order." Elrond nodded at Haldir and they left. Outside, they mounted their steeds and galloped straight for the Realm of Lórien. When they got there, Haldir dismounted immediately and went straight to the task at hand. He spoke to his two brothers, Rúmil and Orophin and ordered them to assist him in assembling the Galadhrim and preparing them for battle. The Elven Smiths were hard at work, sharpening, stringing and making all of their weapons and making sure that too are prepared for battle. By the end of that day, Haldir had marshaled their host, clad in armor, and had them lined up orderly for their march to Helm's Deep. Two of Galadriel's banners were given to two of the Galadhrim to bear with them on their way to the site. "We are ready," said Haldir decisively as his ready army stood before Elrond. "You will speak to Théoden King on my behalf," said Elrond. "Say to him: 'An alliance once existed between Elves and Men. Long ago we fought and died together. We come to honor that allegiance. We are proud to fight alongside Men once more.'" "I will bring this message," Haldir agreed. "We had best start moving." Elrond nodded and grasped Haldir's shoulder. "We will not fail," he said smiling, but with sad eyes. "We will succeed," Haldir repeated in positive words. "Farewell, my Lord." He bowed deeply and turned away, beginning their fast-paced walk to Helm's Deep; they had naught but a day to arrive before the army of Isengard. Rúmil and Orophin followed suit and they too bid Elrond farewell before following behind Haldir. They marched in silence, and as night fell slowly the Fortress appeared before them. "Helm Hammerhand," announced Haldir. "We have arrived." He looked up and saw the Men that Galadriel spoke of. They were racing back and forth and Haldir could sense that they were all frightened and for the most part, they knew nothing of battle. They marched to the gate and together he and his brothers extracted each an Elven war horn from their belts. Haldir inhaled deeply then put the horn to his lips and blew hard. Then Rúmil blew and then Orophin. Several startled faces appeared at the edge of ledge above the gate. Haldir heard a hushed voice say, "The Uruk-hai! They are here! We are ruined." "Alas, we are ill-fated…" said a Man. Haldir raised an eyebrow and exchanged looks with his two brothers and signaled for them to blow again. The three Elves blew the horns for the second time. A pair of Rohan guards appeared at the top of the hedge and stared down upon them. "Those are not Uruk-hai … send for the King," muttered one of them to the other, who disappeared swiftly from Haldir's view. "Open up the gate!" roared the remaining guard to the gatekeepers. "Open up the gate!" repeated another shrill voice far off. The rusted gate groaned and creaked as it slowly lifted, revealing the late refugee of the people of Rohan. The gate opened completely and the gatekeepers gaped at the Eldar Host as they followed Haldir into the fort. They traveled up the stone path and through the lot of Men as they parted, making room for the arriving army to march. Haldir arrived at a set of steps which led into the heart of Helm's Deep. As he made towards them, Théoden himself appeared at the top of the stone steps and gazed in disbelief at the army that stood before him. "How is this possible?" he said, his voice nearly a whisper. "I bring word from Elrond of Rivendell," pronounced Haldir, never forgetting the words that Elrond had delegated him to speak. "An alliance once existed between Elves and Men. Long ago we fought and died together." There were footsteps and Haldir looked up to see a Man and a fellow Elf appear at the top of stairs with a familiar Dwarf at their heels, all of them sharing the same disbelief as Théoden. "We come to honor that allegiance," said Haldir, smiling slightly at Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli. "Mae govannen Haldir!" said Aragorn, rushing up to Haldir. Then he unexpectedly threw his arms around Haldir, embracing him tightly. Haldir was taken aback, for he had never been embraced in all of his years of living. He stood quite stunned for awhile before finally smiling and embraced Aragorn in return. "You are most welcome," said Aragorn sincerely when they finally broke apart. Aragorn stood back as Legolas strode forward and grasped Haldir's shoulders. "Mae teli gwador!" said Legolas blissfully, looking radiantly at the assembled army. In the common tongue, he had said, "Welcome, brother!" Haldir clasped Legolas' shoulders and smiled. "Hannon le Legolas, Thranduilion," he thanked Legolas. Then he turned to his host and signaled for them to turn and position themselves to face the opening. They lifted their bows, turned and reset them in an orderly manner. Then Haldir turned to face Théoden. "We are proud to fight alongside Men once more," he finished triumphantly. "You will help me thank Elrond upon your return to Rivendell," replied Théoden in awe. "We may never return," said Haldir simply. "You must not speak in such a way," said Aragorn sternly. "We will fight and we will win." "Win as you may, many of our lives will not spared," countered Haldir. "We come to assist you in your time of need; we are prepared for this. We have lived thus far and we look not see the next battle come to pass." Aragorn's smile faded and he looked from the unshaken Haldir to the silent army in distress. Then he pulled himself together. "I have faith in the Elves," he said quietly. Then he looked at Gamling, who was standing beside Théoden. "Have the Men placed themselves properly?" he inquired. "They have, my Lord," said Gamling, bowing. "Very well then, we may position the Elves on the outer wall to initially stop the mightiest of the yrch," Haldir decided. "What say you, Lord Aragorn?" Aragorn nodded. "All in order," he said. "I will arrange them at your leave." "Indeed you may," said Haldir stepping aside and allowing Aragorn to take his place. Aragorn led the Eldar Host to the outer top wall and lined them all up directly behind the long and misty stone wall, facing the ominous darkness that lay ahead. Haldir stood near his brothers, silently vowing to himself to watch over them as long as he might. As they all waited and motionlessly, they heard the distant sound of marching approach them. Haldir stood straighter and taller, his heart full of valor and fortitude. He would bring down as many as he could. In a short while, the dreaded army of Uruk-hai stood before them, banging their long staves and spears on the ground above the Glittering Caves, in which the women and children were concealed. Far off, Haldir could hear Aragorn shouting a commands to the Elves. "A Eruchîn, ú-dano i faelas a hyn an uben tanatha le faelas!" "We are no match for them," said an old