Twilight Fanfiction ; Molasses Nights. Pairing ; Bella/Paul. Summery ; Bella knows that Jacob wants her; life with him would be uncomplicated, simple, comforting – easy. She is contemplating following what appears to be the natural course of her life, when the angriest, nastiest and undoubtedly the hottest of the La Push wolves proves to her that life is much more pleasant when you have dark, decadent, toe curling nights to look forward to instead of peace and tranquility. He is nothing like Edward or Jacob – he hates her. Or does he? AU NM. Warnings ; Language/some foreplay sex. Disclaimer; I do not own the Twilight Saga; I make no money from my stories. I only write them for my enjoyment and that of my readers A/N; I have had this story on my hard drive for a while now, so I decided to touch it up and post it. I have played with some details in the NM story verse to suit myself. It is AU people. C hapter O ne. The waves, dark and angry, splashed upwards along the jaggered rocks that formed the stark cliff face, sending miniscule drops of salty water gushing into the air around her. It wet her hair and face in a fine mist, drawing a reluctant small smile to her pale pink lips. It was cold; the wind was whipping up something, besides the usual constant wetness, a storm perhaps. Bella wrapped her arms around herself and hugged her middle tightly. The hole in her heart lessened this way; it wasn't a gaping wound when she did this, but merely a small injury. It was bearable. Move away from the edge, Bella. The voice fluttered on the wind and maybe on the brinks of her insanity, beautiful, musical, smooth – it was all she lived to hear. Concern for her safety turned the beautiful voice to rough velvet. A large smile of pure bliss spread across her face at the imagined words; fear for her safety evident in that angelic voice. Perfect recall almost fooled her into believing that this was his voice, somehow worming its way into her psyche. But deep inside she knew it was a fabrication of her lonely mind. She sat directly on the edge of the highest cliff, only a small rock away from the sheer drop below, hoping against hopes that she would hear his voice yet again. It was an addiction, a ridiculous and senseless glitch of her mind, but she didn't care. It was all she had left. Besides Jacob. There was nothing but a yawning gaping nothingness in her life since he had gone. Who was she to try and refuse the one tiny bit of relief she had from the endless hours alone? Her long dark brown hair now hung in wet ringlets, waves and curls around her slender shoulders and back. Her pale complexion a few shades lighter than usual as she unknowingly battled the first stages of hypothermia, a slight shade of blue tingeing her otherwise perfect alabaster skin. Head thrown backwards, she welcomed the drenching mist as it pushed in waves over the lip of the cliff and onto her still form. A violent shudder wracked her lithe form, but she ignored it, only wrapping her arms around her body more fully. Charlie was busy. Harry Clearwater had just died, his best friend besides Bill Black, he was at the reservation, trying to comfort Sue Clearwater through this difficult time. She was devastated and Charlie was trying to hold it together for her, but it wasn't easy and it claimed all his attention. By doing this he had unwittingly allowed his less than stable daughter an open access to the freedom she could frankly do without. Stalking hallucinations was hardly conducive with getting over Edward Cullen's strange and abrupt departure. But he had had little choice. Comforting himself with the knowledge that Bella would be okay, she had improved since her friendship with Jacob Black had deepened and grown into what Charlie hoped would be something more permanent and lasting than mere friendship . At least he hoped so. He was undoubtedly wrong. Although Jacob had helped, he was the very opposite of what she craved, what she needed and to be honest – wanted. Although sunny, happy-go-lucky and good-looking, Jake just wasn't what she wanted – really. He wasn't what her body unknowingly craved and begged for, not by a long shot. Bella had tried to fake it, she had even allowed him to kiss her but there had been nothing. No sparks, no burning desire, no passion. It was pleasant enough, of course, warm soft lips and a lot more tongue than she wanted, so different from him. Yes, Bella admitted to herself, life with Jake would be comforting, warm, solid, safe – easy. Was it really where her life was headed? She was beginning to accept that maybe it was. She would be an absolute fool to throw all this away. Jake was her rock, he had saved her really and truly and he deserved better than a kick in the teeth. The pack was on high alert at the moment due to her. The flame haired leech was still out there, watching and waiting for a chance to torture Bella to death, possibly drain her life's blood, slowly but completely and leave the white lifeless corpse hanging from a tree as a message for Edward Cullen. A completely unfeminine snort left Bella's lips at that thought; little did Victoria know that he and the rest of the Cullens couldn't care less. But Jake and the rest of the wolves were trying to keep her safe; they acted like they cared, with the exception of two. Leah Clearwater and Paul Lahote. Leah was angry – always. She was lovely to look at but so filled with anger there was not much left of the girl she had once been as Sam Uley's girlfriend. She has suffered losing it all and that could truly break someone, Bella knew. It had broken Leah. She had lost a boy she had loved, her dreams of the future and then her humanity when she had turned into the first ever female shapshifter, apparently losing the ability to have children in the process. The dreams she had once had were all gone, thanks to the leeches. It was their fault that the Quileute wolves existed at all, so to her, a girl who had knowingly dated a stone cold leech was worse than they were. Dirty, defiled, unclean; those were a few of the words she had thrown at Bella over the last month alone. She had asked time and again how Bella could allow the leech to even touch her skin, how she could have had sex with him. Bella never got the chance to tell her that she had never had sex with Edward Cullen- she had never had sex at all. A soft sigh escaped her shivering lips as Bella contemplated the course her life was taking. Maybe it was best not to fight it. Finish school, date Jake, eventually get married and have a few kids. She imagined life on the reservation, clean and untroubled – easy. Safe. It was too easy. What was missing? Why didn't it feel right? Bella shook her head as a will-o-wisp danced passed her over the cliff face. A small wave of dizziness made her head swim dangerously as her wide, thickly lashed dark brown eyes stared unseeingly at the crashing waves below. She rubbed futilely at her own arms trying to warm them in the thin flannel shirt that she wore. The wind had picked up suddenly, buffeting her cruelly and then tearing into the thick pine trees behind where she sat. The howling noise they made almost reminded her of the wolves. Another bone wracking shudder ripped through her and she rose unsteadily to her feet. She decided it was time to leave now. She almost lost her unsteady footing as another burst of ice cold wind whipped by her again, waving her arms around her wildly, she barely regained her balance. Her breath was coming out in short raggered puffs; fear quickening her heart and pumping adrenaline through her veins, as she gazed down at the pounding surf far below. Bella laughed then, suddenly and completely irrationally everything seemed goddamn funny. The sound of her laughter stunned her as much as the unused and unfamiliar sensation flooding her being. It had been so long since she had felt happy. Bella turned away after a few more life threatening wobbles that threatened to send her over the edge of the cliff and walked to her truck. Ice cold fingers refused to obey her as she fumbled with the door handle. After a bit of perseverance she managed. Once inside she gunned the engine to life and drove slowly back to the Rez. For some reason she couldn't seem to get warm, shivers still rippling up and down her small body, teeth chattering uncontrollably. Bella's vision began to blur suddenly partially obscuring her view of the road. Worried that she was going to run over someone or something, she pulled over and stepped on the brakes harshly, coming to a jarring halt. Chills still ran along every inch of skin, her teeth chattering. Why couldn't she warm up? Gazing upwards, ominous clouds rolled low across the already dark sky, thunder beginning to rumble overhead. Bella didn't feel capable of driving so she fumbled with her cell phone, but it too was dead. She had forgotten to charge it last night. Damn it! What else could possibly go wrong? Bella huffed as she dragged her shivering form out of the truck and then slowly down the road. The first fat, splattering drops of rain began to fall as she walked towards a small house on the very edge of the forest. She didn't recognize it at all, but then she wasn't in a recognizing mood. All her numbed mind wanted now was warmth and lots of it. The house must belong to one of the wolves, simply because the stark lack of any homely decoration gave away the fact that a teenaged wolf lived there alone. Bella reached the small porch and climbed the three steps up to the rickety door, which looked like a stiff wind would blow it down. But, however rickety this house looked, there must be some warmth within its dingy walls? Bella knocked, the sound echoing oddly for a house that was supposedly furnished. There was no sign of life, nothing. Still quaking violently Bella pulled on the door handle in desperation. Much to her surprise it opened. The creaking noise, of unoiled hinges, sounding abnormally loud in the heavy stillness before the storm broke and Bella quelled the fear she felt. She needed warmth – now, fear could take a back seat for now. The house was tiny, as undecorated as its exterior suggested. One entire wall was dominated by a double bed, carelessly rumpled, the sheets a light grey and a liberal dusting of mud and leaves, suggesting shocking lack of regular laundering. Wrinkling her nose in distaste, Bella closed the door behind her and walked into the room. The glass of several windowpanes were broken, letting bursts of the weather through, even so it was still warmer than outside. A small kitchen with a table and a single stool stood on the opposite side of the room. Moving forward hesitantly, Bella edged her way towards the extremely inviting, if a little ratty sofa. It had a thick blanket thrown across its back and her fingers itched to claim it. Another table directly below one window, was filled with papers, drawing her towards it, her curiosity strong. Grabbing the tempting blanket swiftly and throwing it around her shoulders, Bella made her way towards the desk. She wondered idly if the mysterious sheets of