Contest entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Title: Watching Mr. Masen Name: sexysiren1981 Twitter Handle: Facebook Name: Nadine Masen Whilock Beta(s): MariahajilE Summary: There's a point when lust turns to obsession, when the lines between love and possession are blurred. I don't know where I stand anymore, but I'd do anything for Edward Masen. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. . . I'm a bad girl, but nobody knows it but me. I go to class each day, but it's not so much to learn about art; it's to ogle Mr. Masen. I dutifully take notes about what he's saying, and I watch as his lips curl around each word he says. I sometimes don't even know what I've written pages about. It's all a blur. Every time his large hands rake his untidy hair off his forehead, I hungrily follow the movement with my eyes. I'm obsessed. His cheeks are often covered in stubble, but that's how I like him. I imagine that face buried between my legs, and it makes my thighs clench. I've seen him watching me, even though he isn't supposed to. His gaze makes something tighten in the pit of my stomach, and I can't breathe. His eyes dark green burn me, control me. With that gaze fixed upon me, I'd do anything he asked of me. I'd lie for him. I'd kill for him. His art is an expression of him, I'm sure. It's bold and passionate. I find it erotic, and I often wonder if anyone else sees what I do. In fact, I'm sure others don't. Otherwise, they wouldn't let him teach at our school. He's only shown us two of his own pieces, and I know, without a doubt, he wanted to know what I thought of each one. His gaze raked my face again and again as I became enthralled by the message he'd put onto that canvas. I saw a meaning others clearly didn't. It was passionate, hungry, insane, and beautiful. There was truth but no logic, light filled with shadows. Everything was Illogical, but it made perfect sense. I could see the question in his eyes. It was a moment of exquisite torture for me. I found myself completely aroused by his painting, and I was desperate to hide that fact from my classmates. I often catch Mr. Masen watching me. Sometimes, I'm not so sure if I 'catch' him watching me or if he wants me to know he is. It's a game of sorts; I watch him, and he watches me. Of course, I'm completely off limits to him. I'm seventeen, and he's at least ten years older, maybe more. He's also my teacher. And he's married. I've only seen his wife from a distance. She's tall, blonde, and beautiful, but that's all I've been able to make out. The fact he's married doesn't deter me, though. I like his eyes on me. They burn me and promise things they really shouldn't. They seduce me. But I don't lack for attention. I'm the kind of girl that knowingly draws attention to herself. I've had the ability to attract attention from a very young age. I've been always been the popular girl, even in New York City, where everything's bigger. I'm queen bee of every class. Ever since I moved to the tiny town of Forks, Washington, I've been bombarded by would-be boyfriends and girls who want to be my friend. I act like I don't care, but I do. I want someone to look past the cute girl wearing trendy clothes and just see me. The real me craves fulfillment. I need, ache, dream… I wish I were older than my seventeen years so I wouldn't have to pretend. I hate pretending. I always pretend to be what I'm not. Sweet I'm not. Innocent? Regrettably. Smile, they say, so I do. They say I was precocious from a very young age. I vividly recall the first time I heard my mother say that word in connection with me. I was nine years old, and I'd been caught playing doctor with the neighbor's son, Jake. I didn't know what it meant back then; I only knew it was something bad, something I shouldn't be. Mother had been visiting me, and I'd been thoroughly chastised by her even as my Nanna had shrugged and had said, "She's a child. It's harmless play." But my mother had been right about one thing. I adore male attention. Those hungry, adoring glances make me happy. I like drawing attention to myself, and I don't have to try very hard to get it. I have a very particular style; it's unique. My hair's very long, with the ends reaching my hips. I carefully style it into loose, flowing curls. It's contrived yet innocent. I wear very little makeup, mascara and kohl emphasizing my wide, almond-shaped hazel eyes that are blessed with ultra-thick lashes. I never wear lipstick, only vanilla-scented lip gloss. It's my trademark, my signature scent. My mom is Chinese, and my dad's a red-blooded and proud American. My heritage isn't obvious, but it's a mysterious part of me people question when they look at me. I think the term for my look is 'exotic.' I like that I'm different. When I was younger, my grandmother always used to tell me tales of the sirens who lured the sailors to their deaths with their beauty. I loved those stories as a child. It fascinated me that anyone could have such power. I wanted that power for myself. I always dress well, which my eclectic mother, Renee, is responsible for. She was a wild child, and she'll probably never grow up. I see her from time to time, but she wisely left me with her mother, Alice Marie, when I was five and needed a stable environment to grow up in. Before that, my life had been a blur of hotel rooms and exotic destinations, which were as exciting as they were chaotic. My mom was a freelance photo journalist, and she could never stay in one place long enough to give me a solid, normal life. I loved her but treated her more like a friend than a mother. I'd always been the one who picked up the pieces, not the other way around. If I needed advice, I usually went to Nanna. Twelve years later, I moved with my grandparents to Forks, Washington when my grandfather was offered a position with the local police department as a ranger. He wasn't as old as many grandfathers I'd seen, and he still worked. Nanna Marie was my home, my solace, and my guidance. I was happy wherever she was, so Forks became home to me. A hundred years before, Nanna Marie would've been burned as a witch. The mystery surrounding her only makes me love her more. Nanna's never wrong about anything. She just 'knows' things, and I trust her with everything. She's unique, wise, and all mine. "Isabella, don't forget your coat. It'll be cold out," Nanna calls out as I head to the door, ready for another day at Forks High. It's sunny out, the pale fingers of Forks' sunlight filtering down onto the surrounding forest, but I nod and mumble a response she understands even past the toast lodged between my lips. I retrace my steps and put on my long, black trench coat and a royal blue cashmere scarf, expertly winding it around my neck before blowing Nanna a kiss and leaving, still munching on my dry toast. School's only attraction is Mr. Masen. Although I have to survive four periods before art class, it's well worth the wait. I drive myself to school in the small Volvo my grandparents bought for me on my sixteenth birthday. It's fast, and I love it. It's speedy enough to please me and safe enough to please them. The sky's already covered in thick clouds by the time I'm on the main road, and a light-but-steady drizzle begins to fall as I reach the outskirts of town. The roads become slick as the light rain washes over it, eventually becoming a steady downpour. You can always trust Nanna. The earlier sunlight had been a fluke. This is the usual weather for this part of the country, and I'm becoming used to it. I sing along with my favorite Kings of Leon songs as I drive the short distance to school. "Sex on Fire" brings to mind all the images I have stored away of Mr. Masen for when I'm free to dream impossible dreams. I park and walk through the rain at a steady pace, unlike everyone else who appears to be worried about getting wet. What's the point of rushing? I lift my scarf over my hair and slowly walk toward my first class. As I enter the building, I take my hair out from under my scarf and shrug out of my coat, slinging it over my arm. Jessica Stanley and Lauren Daniels walk toward me, and each takes one of my arms, as if we're the best of friends. I see Jessica's gleam of jealousy as she eyes my skintight Levis and navy lace top. I'm dressed as I've always dressed, and it's undoubtedly different from everyone else in this small town. I don't see the point in changing who I am. My boots reach above my knees and are flat, black, and conservative. The only racy part of my outfit is my black pushup bra that can be seen through my top when you look hard enough. In New York, this would be dressing down, but it's considered forward in Forks; I've already been given several warnings about my clothing. "Bella, are you coming Saturday?" Jessica asks. I smile at her and nod. "Of course. Um, what's the occasion again?" "It's Tyler's eighteenth birthday, silly. I thought you knew that. He personally invited you last week," Lauren says in her annoying baby voice that makes me want to punch her. I smile sweetly at her instead. Nanna says violence is a waste of time. "I don't remember," I reply, bored. "But I'll be there. See you guys later. I have to get to class." They air-kiss my cheeks, and I grimace as they walk away while giggling. I never invited their particular brand of friendship. They simply adopted me when I arrived. I don't giggle, and I certainly don't act like they do. They're airheaded and unoriginal, two traits I dislike the most. I apply a layer of vanilla gloss to my lips as I walk, tucking the tube into my pocket before entering my first class. . . . . It's time. I have to stop myself from running to my next class four buildings away. I replace my books in my locker and slowly head toward my next class. It wouldn't do to appear too eager, though I suspect Mr. Masen already knows just how eager I am for his class. I enter the classroom and make my way to my desk, not once looking in his direction. I know he's sitting at his desk like always. My entire body tells me he is, so I don't need to look. I savored that first glance, when the force of his stare hit me squarely in the chest and I felt that addictive rush of adrenaline surge through my body. Even though I'm inexperienced in these matters, there's no mistaking the throb of lust that thrummed through my most intimate places and curled through my stomach. This man is my kryptonite, my heroin. And I need another hit. Now. His knowing smirk as our eyes meet for the first time today causes me to gasp softly. His gaze quickly rakes over my face and body, almost possessively, and then the moment passes. Now I'm wondering if I imagined it all. Was it all in my