~ Edward Cullen was the most beautiful sinner I had ever seen, and I wanted him to take what he wanted from me. ~ Disclaimer ; Everything Twilight related belongs to Stephanie Meyer. This storyline, however, belongs to me. Warnings ; Explicit sex and strong language. Mention of violence. NU18. A/N ; This story is dedicated to the friends I've made on online, in particular; Fran, Kara, Sue and Sherry. You girls have made me feel very welcome and for this and all the help you've given me, I wanted to say thank you. Just for the record, I do not plan to continue this story. It is complete in itself. I think it's perfect as it is. I had to get this plot bunny out of my head, so here it is. I couldn't write on my other stories until this was done - it was blocking all other story lines! :) As with all my work, this is Beta'd by Fran. Any remaining errors are all mine. The beautiful banner for this story is made by Kara - thank you hunni! E~D~W~A~R~D "I can't stand you. Your presence here fills me with disgust. I fucking hate you, you sick bastard!" Bella's eyes shot vicious, dark blue flames at me as she hurtled a priceless Ming vase towards my head. Her rampant temper was fast becoming a huge turn on for me. I dodged it easily and heard it shatter a moment later against the bookcase behind me. I didn't bat an eyelash at its loss. I could easily replace it with art I actually liked. Nothing in this recently acquired office appealed to me, except her. Her incredibly long, auburn hair curled around her face and shoulders in wanton tangles; tendrils tickling her flawless alabaster skin, which at the moment boasted two angry spots of color over each perfect cheekbone. I smiled at her from my position behind the massive corporate desk where I sat observing her with an intense gaze. I had intimidated far older and stronger people than this slip of a girl with this stare, and yet my attention only seemed to anger her more. Nothing had moved me more in my very memorable past than this angry siren spitting venom at me from across the dark wood that separated us. Her figure was perfection and her face decadently lovely. She reminded me of a painting I had seen in Italy once, of an avenging Angel. And that is exactly what Isabella Swan was. An angel. And an angry one. However, she had good reason to be. I was the devil incarnate. I had taken everything she valued and loved. She stood there undecided, as she had run out of available missiles to launch my way. The Ming vase and a few other ornaments, including a small painting, which looked to be a priceless Monet, now littered the thick carpet. Her father's office, which was now mine, held little to use as ammunition, but Isabella had found plenty to throw. The space was tasteful, upmarket and expensive. And it was now mine, just as the seventy-floor building and everything else Charles Swan had ever owned was now mine in its entirety. Except for her. And if I were being honest, which I wasn't often, I would admit that I wanted his daughter more than I did the rest of the belongings of the late Mr. Swan. May his swindling, money laundering, lying ass rot in hell for all eternity. I didn't fuck around with anything and business was my life. When you were the youngest and most lethal organized crime boss in the United States, you could not afford to leave any detail to chance. To the newspapers and magazines I was Edward Cullen; the business wizkid who had graduated with honors from Harvard. I was the richest and most powerful businessman the United States had ever seen. Even the fucking president had asked me to get him into office and I had obliged. He had promised to assist me in getting guns in and out of the U.S. In addition, I now had immunity from being arrested or charged with any crime. I could quite literally shoot someone on the front doorstep of the Chicago Police Department and walk away with a police escort. I was the most ruthless and heartless fucker you could ever hope not to meet. But what I held dear was priceless to me, and anything or anyone who threatened that was taken care of swiftly and efficiently. If you use your imagination, you will get a good idea of what I meant. I was known for my creativity when dealing with people who crossed me. There were just over three thousand employees worldwide under my command and six family members who all worked under me, three who were my brothers. I was only thirty-years old and my net worth, unofficially, was over fifteen billion dollars. But I had never wanted anything more than to have the alluring Ms. Swan at my mercy. Somehow, money and power paled in insignificance when I gazed at her beautiful face. Women came a dime a dozen when you were me. Rich and handsome went a long way in getting laid - a lot. But none of that seemed to matter as soon as I saw Isabella just three days ago. Her eyes had been red and her face blotchy from tears and yet none of that could distract from her superlative beauty. I wanted her and I planned to have her. Her anger towards me for taking her father's empire and causing his death was a bump in the road to me. I found her anger rather captivating and I wanted to show her, by force, if necessary, that lust and hatred made excellent bed partners. My cock twitched beneath my Armani suit trousers at the thought, as I watched Isabella drew in a shaky breath. Nothing about this young woman was slutty or vulgar. She was elegant, refined and absolutely lovely. And as sexy as all hell. I allowed my hungry eyes to slide down from her angry face towards her hinted-at curves. The blouse she wore was tasteful and sensual all at once. It was high necked with a lace bodice, which almost, but not quite, showed off the bra she wore beneath. The rest of the top was a silky material that clung to her tiny waist before skimming her slim hips becomingly. Her skirt was what was called pencil cut and showcased her ridiculously long legs to perfection. Her feet were encased in midnight blue, Jimmy Choo pumps that were positively fucking sinful on her. They almost matched her eyes, I noticed. I imagined her spread out across this desk in front of me, entirely naked except for those shoes, and felt myself harden completely. I wondered how experienced this young woman was. I only knew that she was Charles Swan's daughter, and that was it. I decided to get a background check on the angry beauty before me. All the answers I desired would be on my desk within the hour. "Will that be all?" I asked with irritating calm and a lot of sarcasm. "You keep telling me that you hate me, but the more you say it, the less I believe it, Isabella." "I hope you rot in hell." She spat as she smoothed her hair with shaking hands. She was trying to compose herself before leaving and I watched with rapt attention as her small but curvaceous breasts rose and fell. I imagined them bare and felt another spike in my rampant lust. Getting my mind out of the gutter and into the present, I realized she had just wished me to perdition. I laughed. The sound caused her face to flame with embarrassment, as hatred flashed in the dark blue depths of her wide doe eyes. "That is hardly a threat to me, little girl. My place in hell was assured long, long ago. Probably when I was around thirteen years old and I made my first kill. I'm sure that is when God abandoned my soul." Bella stared at me in silence for so long that I suddenly feared for her mental health … her face was that blank. "Well, I hope they reserve an especially terrible place in it for you, you evil bastard. I hate you. You crush people and you don't even care." Her venomous words came after a long pause and I realized that's she had been gathering her composure rather than losing her mind. "Shall we have dinner so that you can tell me just how much you hate me in greater detail?" I grinned at the incredulous expression on her face as her plump lips parted in shock at my statement. I just could not seem to help myself; I wanted to see her again. "Are you fucking insane? I wouldn't eat with you if you were the last human on the planet and it was the last food available. I can't believe you asked me that after what you have done." She turned and marched angrily towards the thick wooden door, her slender hips and delicately curved ass swinging with a subtle sexuality I was sure she was unaware of. Turning at the last moment she spat, "Fuck you, Edward Cullen." I felt my grin widen at her words as the door slammed shut behind her alluring ass with enough force to cause a landslide. "I hope so, Isabella. I really hope so." I murmured. I shook my head at her gumption. It's was truly astounding how much I had let her get away with. Anyone else would have been lying dead on the plush carpet with a bullet hole through their head. Not Isabella Swan. She would walk into the devil's lair and demand justice. She was fearless and magnificent. I wanted to fuck her so badly my body ached in a way that it hadn't since I was fourteen. What a woman. I leaned forward and pressed the button for the secretary who now worked for me. "Ah ... yes sir?" Her hesitant tone grated on my nerves and I clenched my teeth. "Have a background check done on Isabella Swan. I want it on my desk in an hour." I waited. The girl was struck speechless, she had apparently never been asked to do such a thing before. She was gone; I couldn't work with people who couldn't deliver what I wanted. "Um ... Sir? I don't know how to do that." "You're fired." I cut the connection, not bothering with her shocked silence. Incompetence fucked me off. I immediately dialed a number on my cell phone. "Maria, please have a background check done on a woman named Isabella Swan. I want it within the hour." "Done Sir. Anything else?" "Find out where Isabella lives. I want to know that before I get the background check." "Yes Sir." I cut the call at once, idly watching the changing colors spread across the afternoon sky above the Chicago skyline. It's was nice, but all I could fucking see were glowing blue eyes and a plump mouth. Within ten minutes, my cell phone rang. "Yes Maria." "Sir, I have sent you the address via email and the background check will be on your desk e.t.a; half an hour." "Good. Thank you. Oh and Maria, get your things together and get your ass down to my new office. Make sure you show the old secretary out on your way in." "Very well Sir. I will be there before the information you requested is on your desk." I cut the call again without a goodbye. I didn't do goodbyes. Even though I was quite fond of Maria, she was the best secretary I had ever had and I valued her work, she was as expendable to me as everyone else who worked for me. Running a global