Substance Summary: When a vampire finds their mate they are inexplicably bound to them, the bond forged between the two is both eternal and unbreakable. It is also mutual. Would it be the same if their other half were human? Disclaimer – Original characters belong to Stephenie Meyer, plot lines and characterizations, all belong to Aurora18, copyright June 2011. Hello all! This is based on a storyline I've had in my head for quite a while now and I'd really like to share it with you. Please tell me what you think at the end, your opinions are invaluable to me. Chapter 1 - Duty Light filtered in through the window and lit up a small patch of the wooden floor in front of me. I tilted my head in fascination as I watched the dust swirl anti-clockwise against the light. Leaving my chair and walking through the illuminated space I stood at the window, shaded from the glow of the evening sun by the heavy curtains framing the space. My expression did not alter as I watched the hundred or so people walking in the streets below me. It was six o'clock in the evening and this was the most popular time for them to leave their jobs for the day. From the height of the building I was in, their heartbeats were perfectly audible, little fluttering sounds, some synchronised and others beating out of time. It was like a concerto, one I had to listen to every single day. Peering out on to the horizon, I calculated the minutes we would have to wait until we would be able to travel uncovered, it would not do to be conspicuous tonight. It would take under ten minutes to get to the airport at night, where I could run without being discovered, but there was still at least half an hour of daylight left. But the sun would soon be setting. I grimaced as I mentally added another half an hour to the time it would take us to get there if we wanted to catch our flight, we would have to travel in one of those yellow cars the humans were so fond of, and we would have to cover up. "Rosalie, I was planning on arriving by midnight tonight . Why are you not ready?" I didn't bother to turn around or raise my voice; I knew she'd hear me wherever she was. She was by my side in an instant, blond hair swirling around her as she came to a stop with a furious expression on her face. In her human life she had been very beautiful, some would have said stunning. Her beauty had only been magnified during her change, but so had her self centred nature and tenacity. Perhaps if I were a human I would have been intimidated, but after fifty years with her, her dramatics were nothing but tiresome. "Because, I have to pack everything , and I'm hungry. I want to feed before we catch our flight. I don't see why I have to come with you; you're the only one that cares about all that ceremony stuff anyway." I closed my eyes in frustration. Why couldn't she just do as she's told for once? "Well then you shouldn't accumulate so many things. We won't be coming back here so you should take everything you want with you. As for feeding, I'm sure you'll be able to find something when we get to Volterra." She'd only fed a couple of nights ago, she couldn't possibly be hungry, but she had to whine about something. "Don't you mean some one ?" I turned to face her and rolled my eyes at the arrogant smirk on her face but even though I was several inches shorter, my glare was still enough to make her take a few steps back. "When we reach Volterra, you will show more respect. I have told you before; they are not as tolerant of your insolence as I am." "I still don't see why I have to go. I'd much rather stay with the Denali sisters again." I gritted my teeth in frustration, I'd told her time and time again, why she couldn't possibly retain the information I had no idea. "Absolutely not, you are my responsibility so you are coming. It is a great honour to be invited to the ceremony, and we should both be very pleased for Demetri, now that he has found his mate." I ignored her huffs and complaints and decided to double check I had collected everything I would need to take with me. The rest could be disposed of. "You still believe in all of that don't you? Having one mate for the rest of your life?" I knew she was referring to my very single status, being over seven hundred years old and still unmated was rare to say the least. I expected a jibe from her but her voice was not harsh or mocking this time, and it made me stop for a second. We had very different views on the nature of vampire relationships, to put it lightly; I was the traditional one while she favoured a much more modern approach. "Of course, it is just a matter of time. Now get ready, I want to leave now. " I held my head high as I turned to face her and spoke in an even tone. She nodded and went to her room, collecting her bags on the way. I watched the setting sun from the window of our taxi and smiled at its beautiful simplicity. It was something I never tired of watching, despite the thousands I had seen. We had not been able to arrange private transportation from our apartment to JFK airport in the city so our driver was human, and Rosalie was struggling. I knew I would be able to stop her if she decided to act on her instincts but I still kept a close eye on her. When we settled inside the car the black of her pupils was spreading and her hands were clenched at her sides, telling me that she was having trouble resisting. It was something she needed to practise. She needed to learn to be around humans comfortably in a non-feeding capacity. After attempting to make conversation our driver had fallen into silence, it was probably for the best, it would allow Rosalie to concentrate more. Ten more minutes and we would arrive at the airport. I had arranged for someone to see us through check in and security without any hassle, and so that Rosalie would not have to deal with large groups of people, which I knew she would find difficult. Resisting temptation was something she still needed to perfect. "We should not be too much longer, he will drop us at the airport entrance and we can walk straight through." I spoke low enough so the driver would not hear us but I don't know how much reassurance my words provided her because she merely looked at me and nodded. I'd told her to hold her breath for the duration of the journey and I think part of the struggle for her was the uncomfortable sensation of not breathing when it was a habit she had gotten used to. Thankfully our escort was waiting for us at the taxi rank, fully equipped to transport the inordinate amount of luggage Rosalie had deemed essential . Not that we would have struggled at all, but it would have looked strange for two human women. "Good evening Miss Isabella my name is Peter. Your seven thirty flight to London Heathrow is scheduled to be on-time, flying conditions are good, and you should land at about half past eight in time to catch your connection at London Gatwick airport at nine o'clock to Florence." Peter was tall; almost more so than Rosalie despite her ridiculous insistence at wearing high heeled shoes whilst travelling. I had met him before; he had escorted me while I was on an assignment from Paris to Luxembourg. He was relatively young, a hundred years or so old but thankfully he did not feel the need to fill the time with mindless chatter. This I was grateful for. "Very good. Thank you Peter. I trust that our luggage transportation has been taken care of." As a rule we never travelled with anything but the most essential luggage, anything else will go on a separate flight to a similar destination and be transported to me, if I needed to go somewhere unexpectedly I did not want to be loaded with the baggage I was already carrying. "Yes, you will be able to personally escort your things onto the plane going to Rome before boarding your own flight." "Are any others travelling with us?" I was sure I already knew the answer would be a no, but Aro was known to invite friends now and then, and the safest way to monitor them would be if they travelled with me. "No Miss, you and Miss Rosalie are the only passengers, although I do believe Gianna will be there to meet you at Florence airport." At the mention of her name Rosalie swung her head around to look at Peter and gave him a mischievous smile, I think she even winked at him. Another bad habit, no doubt picked up from her time in Alaska. I sent her a warning look and she turned around again with a huff to examine her nails. Peter didn't seem to mind the attention. "Gianna's presence is unnecessary but if it will appease Aro then I shall tolerate her." I understood the need for humans in the façade, especially within the confines of Volterra, and most of them kept to themselves. There were however, a few who secretly fancied themselves superior because of their position, Gianna was one of them. Yet for all the responsibility and importance she believes her job has, she will meet the same fate in the end as any other human in the Volturi palace. I had seen her, on several occasions demean and disregard members of her own kind in hope of earning respect amongst those around her. She thought herself a peacock, it was pitiful. "Very good Miss. I can direct you to the plane in which your luggage will be travelling now but is there anything else you require of me before your flight." "Yes actually Peter there is one more thing. I would like you to escort Rosalie to the plane and wait for me there." I didn't like having to treat her like she was cargo, but while I was under the eye of the Volturi, which I very much was with Peter around; I had to treat her in the manner that would be expected. A small part of me was thinking that she deserved it anyway, regardless of expectations, after all the trouble she'd been after her change. I sent her a sidelong glance and I knew without her saying anything that she understood. Despite all the fuss she made about having to go to Volterra, I knew she understood that it was my duty, one I could not ignore. True to form though, she scowled at Peter when he began to lead her towards our terminal, having given me directions to where our luggage would be loaded. Another part of my reason for sending Rosalie along to the plane without me was to be able to walk amongst the people uninterrupted. I blended in reasonably well, as well as could be expected of a vampire. My clothes were nondescript, black trouser suit with a matching raincoat, but my pale skin and ochre coloured eyes could be considered unique I suppose. I hated having to wear contact lenses but they were a necessary evil, my usual colour would not sit well, despite Americans being fairly accepting nowadays. I shook hands with the