A/N: This is going to be a multi chapter story delving into the lives of Ginny and Harry. It will be a mixture of angst, fluff, smut and anything else I feel like throwing in there when the inspiration comes. This was actually the first fic I started to write after being inspired by Holly1492 and her beautiful writing in her fic 'All in'. I am pretty new to this fan fic writing stuff so I would really appreciate reviews but go easy on me! Constructive criticism is greatly appreciated however. I have started and almost completed a few chapters already but I want to take time to go over them a couple more times and change them slightly but once I have finished I will upload them. I'm planning on making this quite a long multi chapter fic and I'm excited to see what direction it goes in, suggestions are appreciated! A lot of my inspiration for parts of this story came from a couple of Aquilos songs. Their music is great and their lyrics are so deep and meaningful. Specifically I used Sorry and Almost Over for the main inspiration but I did bring in inspiration from many of their other songs so I really recommend checking them out! Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Harry Potter characters. All rights belong to J.K Rowling. They were fighting again. It almost seemed like second nature these days for Harry and Ginny to be arguing over something silly, tension was mounting between the two of them and after what was meant to be a fun reunion party with Hogwarts friends they were at it again. It had been almost 3 months now since Harry had told Ginny he thought they should have some space and that they should stop seeing each other. They had been together since the end of the war, taking the summer to just be together before Ginny went back off to Hogwarts for her final year. They had managed to make it work as Harry was often busy with Auror training and Ginny with her studies, owling each other whenever possible and reuniting in the holidays. Despite this the amount of time Harry spent alone and away from Ginny allowed for doubts to creep into his mind. He was sure of one thing, he was in love with Ginny. She was the light in his life, providing him with relief and comfort after the horror of the previous year. Yet left to his own devices Harry began to convince himself he wasn't good enough for her. That she deserved more and he would be holding her back. Without Ginny there to tell him what a stupid prat he was being the feelings only deepened themselves within Harry, taunting and feeding at his survivors guilt from the war. When Ginny had returned from Hogwarts after graduation ready to spend what she thought would be a glorious summer and then the rest of her life with Harry she got the news she had been longing for. She had been asked to join the Holyhead Harpies to finally start the Quidditch career she had always been dreaming of. This only served as further confirmation for Harry that he needed to let her go so she could fulfil her dream. He knew, or at least he thought he knew that he would hold her back. Harry had reasoned with her saying they should be free to seek out new things and he wanted her to focus on herself for a while. Ginny knew this was only the tip of the ice berg as with Harry nothing was ever simple when it came to the hero complex he seemed to possess. Even despite the war and everything that had happened he still couldn't stop putting what he though was the greater good before his own and Ginny's happiness together. She knew he struggled with survivors guilt and she thought she was helping him get past it. In reality Harry was still in a state of depression following the war, he felt like he was pulling Ginny down with him and didn't want to hold her back. Really Harry was in love with her and he knew he would never love anyone else like he did Ginny but despite this and Ginny's determination to help harry through the depression he pushed her away. All Harry wanted was for Ginny to reach her potential and follow her dreams. He knew how much being signed to the Hollyhead Harpies meant to her and despite her constant reassurance that he wasn't affecting her training he just couldn't live with the guilt that he might be holding her back. Little did Harry know that her most precious and important dream was to be with Harry, to grow old with him and create the life they both deserved together. Ginny never wanted to take some time away from Harry, she couldn't bear to be away from him but she let go because that's what Harry wanted. She loved him enough to value and respect his wishes like she had done the first time when he broke off things and went in search of Horcrux's, not that she agreed with him, not one bit. They remained living where they were together with Ron and Hermione, trying to revert back to a sort of friendship. They had separate rooms in the flat they shared with Ron and Hermione in the centre of London but continued a kind of friendship with one another, neither of them could stay away from each other completely. The pain of their separation angered Ginny to no end but she agreed because she loved Harry, it's what he wanted, maybe he didn't want her like she did anymore? She told herself she would back off and leave Harry alone for a while but she knew it was wrong, she knew where he really belonged and that deep down he did too. But slowly the pain of not having all of Harry was starting to eat up at Ginny. It felt like the light within her that had been ignited by Harry was fading with her. Why couldn't he see how much she needed him, how much they needed each other. The fear of being plunged into darkness haunted her every night as she longed to be wrapped safely in his arms. But she would continue to wait for him. Waiting for the words. Waiting for him to come back to her. Tonight some of the tension and bottled up frustration had leaked up and over. The two had been attending a Hogwarts reunion of sorts with those who survived the war. The night had got off to a great start and both Ginny and Harry seemed to be enjoying themselves. Ginny had been speaking to Dean, her ex-boyfriend for a little while, simply reminiscing on old times. Thankfully things were great between her and Dean and no bad feelings had been harboured and carried on by either of them after their break up at Hogwarts. They were young when they were together and did nothing more than snog. Harry was the one that had always had her heart and every other part of her. Things only started to turn sour when Harry saw the pair dancing together. Despite it being completely innocent the monster within Harry roared as he saw Dean holding Ginny in places he so longed to touch once again. Just the slight brush of Deans hand across her waist made the blood rush all at once to Harry's head. He wanted more than anything to go over there and rip the stupid blokes head off but he settled himself with all the self-control he had. He didn't want to cause a scene. Ginny had noticed something was up when she glanced over and say Harry's jaw straining and his eyes black with rage, the beautiful emerald green almost undetectable. Excusing herself politely from Dean she marched over to Harry, half infuriated and half concerned. She pulled him by his dress robes ushering him outside into the corridor away from the ballroom full of people. "Harry, what's wrong? And don't say nothing because I don't buy it" "I don't know what you're talking about Ginevra" he hissed through gritted teeth. She was sure if his jaw tightened any more it would surely shatter. She also hated it when he called her Ginevra. He either did it when he was angry and wanted to piss her off or was horny and trying to piss her off. She was pretty sure which one it was this time. "Harry" she softly uttered. She wasn't going to let him get a rise out of her and ruin the night. "What's going on?" Looking up into his eyes she saw sadness reflecting in them, he looked lost and so vulnerable. There's nothing more she wanted to do than to wrap herself around him but she held back. Harry couldn't help but soften when he looked at her, her eyes were so warm and comforting that he almost caved, almost lunging forward to scoop her up in his embrace to plant a soft but urgent kiss on her plump red lips. That was until he remembered just where Deans hands had been and almost at once the monster roared within him again. "Oh I don't know Ginny, maybe that you were dancing with your ex so provocatively out there! Did you not care who was watching you, everyone could see!?" He snarled coldly, eyes darting all over Ginny's face. "Whhhat?" Ginny was stunned. She had been dancing perfectly appropriately with Dean. She had even pushed his hand further up and back to her waist when she found it making its way down towards her arse. She could feel the anger begin to bubble. "I was dancing perfectly appropriately thank you very much." "Pffftt sure, I bet Dean was just there for a nice friendly chat, sorry I interrupted." "Harry I am not having this conversation with you now, we are going back to the flat" "Sorry didn't realise you told me what to do now." "Harry Don't" Ginny snarled. Grabbing hold of his arm she apparated them back to the flat. She knew it was the only place she could manage to calm him down and attempt a proper conversation and sort this out. They landed with a slight thud on the wooden floor of the living room. Harry braced himself for a bollocking, as a Weasley Ginny had a fierce temper on her and a lot of nerve, something Harry had always found sexy about her. Thankfully Ron and Hermione were away for a couple of nights so Harry wouldn't have to explain why the pair of them were fighting yet again. Harry shook his head, the mixture of more than a couple of drinks and apparating didn't do anything to help clear his mind. Coming to he could see Ginny facing him with her hands firmly on her hips as an angry blush snaked its way over her freckle spattered skin. Harry couldn't help but think how positively stunning she looked. Standing in the low light of the living room, her chest heaving from her frustration and the heat pooling in her soft cheeks transforming into a blush rose glow. She had looked beautiful tonight which was one of the reasons it was so easy for Harry to get jealous when he saw her dancing with Dean. She had been wearing a deep emerald green dress that seemed to set her flaming red locks on fire, looking more vibrant than ever. The dress she wore was slick to her body, tracing her athletic but feminine figure like a glove. A slit made its way from her ankle up to her mid-thigh revealing flashes of soft milky skin that was showered in faint freckles. Harry knew just how toned and perfect those legs were, and he