The sound of his footsteps against the ground fell too heavily in his ears, the loudness it emitted as it clashed elements of hard leather shoe soles and rough gravel being too unfamiliar to what Nico was accustomed to hearing. He'd always been a light footed person—with steps as graceful and silent as a cat's—yet somehow, today, he allowed his movements to be a little bit more cluttered than usual. It may have been because the polo he was wearing felt too tight around his neck, or because the new shoes encompassing his feet felt too stiff to walk comfortably in, or even because his phone was proven too large to fit snuggly in his pants pocket. Or maybe it was because of the incontestable fact that today was the much awaited celebration of Valentine's Day. To his left, booths of every kind were lined up; stalls selling delectable chocolates, aromatic flowers, adorable stuffed toys, polished guitars. And each and every one of them had paper hearts and paper balloons spewed all over their own enclosed area, each and every one making their booth stand out with their own sense of creativity and style. Loads of people horded them all, either buying or bargaining or simply striking a conversation with the vendors possibly in hopes of gaining themselves a valentine. A guy was serenading a beautiful girl by the candy booth, a little kid was laughing with a child dressed as Cupid, an elderly couple was chatting with an equally elderly vendor, polite smiles and genuine glee exchanged in their conversation. Love, it seemed, was wafting everywhere. Though what really caught Nico's eye wasn't the colorful decor, nor the interesting dialogues between the people—what caught his eye was the sight of a young teenage girl giving another a bouquet of white carnations, to which the other blushed and looked away, but not before offering a quick, chaste kiss on the other girl's cheek. It made Nico's heart flutter, his stomach flip over, his lips turn up into a delicate smile—and he was suddenly taken back to another time, another place. Another person. He was 16-years old then, a lonely dark haired boy with a cynical view on the world, and an even more cynical view on love. He had been sitting on the beige couch located in his shared apartment with his younger sister—whom, speaking of, had gone out on a date with her boyfriend—when he heard the doorbell ring. Curious as to who the intruder may be, he sauntered up and opened it. He expected it to be a girl scout selling cookies, a salesman offering vacant house and lots, maybe even a prankster with nothing better to do on Valentine's Day. Instead, what greeted his face was an array of colorful flowers bundled up neatly into a tight bouquet. "And wherever you may go," a theatrical voice said from beyond the flowers, "whatever you may do, as you gaze into these flowers, I hope and pray that you—oh shit." He heard the suspicious sound of shuffling papers and imbalanced footsteps, and he tried leaning his neck to the side to get a better view of the guy. Unfortunately, the petals continued blocking his view. "Stupid paper and their stupid—ah! Here we go!" The boy cleared his throat, and Nico could practically hear him straighten his back. "I hope and pray that you may always think of me." The flowers were then brought down low enough for Nico to finally get a glimpse of him, and almost instantly, the sound of the other boy's voice rattled the staggering silence enveloping the quiet neighborhood all around. "Happy Valentine's Day!" the boy greeted, his eyes falling back down on the small card attached to the neck of the bouquet. "I hope you have a nice one…Brittany?" he looked up at Nico. "Your name's Brittany?" Irritated that someone actually thought a question like that was excusable enough to ask a person, Nico snapped, "Do I look like a Brittany to you?" "Well, I dunno," the boy mumbled and scratched the back of his head, confused. "It says here it's for Brittany who lives in 536…" "Give me that," Nico growled, snatching the bouquet from the other boy's fingers and examining the handwriting engraved on the floral scented card. And wherever you may go, whatever you may do, As you gaze into these flowers, I hope and pray That you May always think of me. —Brittany, 530 He scrunched his nose up from both the strong aromatic stench and the cheesy love poem. "It says 530, not 536, dumbass." He shoved the garland back to the blonde boy's chest, exasperation heavily leaking out of his voice. "Oops. Sorry 'bout that. I hope you still have a great Valentine's Day, though!" the guy said, ears reddening and mouth upturning into an apologetic smile. And Nico responded by slamming the door shut. It was Valentine's Day when they first met. The next year, Nico avoided the house. His sister and her boyfriend decided to stay in and watch all the cheesiest RomComs they could find within the apartment, inviting Nico to stick around and watch with them, but he politely declined. He wanted many things that Valentine's Day, but he sure as hell knew he didn't want to be a hopeless third wheel. So he dressed up, grabbed his essentials, and walked to the nearest distraction he could find. Which happened to be the mall. And just like any other place that day, it was packed with love-themed decorations and products. Couples all around were snuggling and cuddling and doing all the lovey dovey things couples did on dates, and Nico wanted nothing more than to stay away from the lovesick frenzy of it all. He circled the place in search of a solitary shelter—preferably one with food and air conditioning and people who minded their own business—when he stumbled upon a familiar vase of flowers placed in front of a bright flower shop. They were vibrant and colorful—with hues ranging from gold, to orange, to yellow, to violet, to pink, to white—standing out amongst the sea of red roses and purple daisies. He walked closer, the intimacy the flowers oozed pulling him in until he was near enough to recognize them. "Good morning, sir! Welcome to—hey! It's you!" Nico lifted his head from the blossoms, and his dark eyes met bright ones. And there he was again, that boy with the flowers, unmistakable with his wavy blonde hair and tanned freckly face. Nico tried for a scowl, a glare, maybe even a cuss under his breath, anything to indiscreetly tell the boy to buzz off and let him wander the mall in peace. "I haven't seen you in ages!" That was a grave exaggeration, and Nico knew it. He wanted to snap at him, to tell him how idiotic and stupid a comment like that was, yet somehow, he couldn't bring himself to say it. Maybe it was because he'd never met someone stupid enough to mistake a blatant zero for a six. Maybe it was because he couldn't really care less about him. Maybe it was because he was too uninterested in the boy. Or maybe it was because he was. He was interested. A little too interested. He recalled the way he stayed standing on his feet when he'd shut the door during their first meeting, his heart pounding in his chest and his brain shouting all kinds of stupid nonsense at him. He's cute, isn't he? Dumb, maybe. But cute, nonetheless. Just the kind of boy you'd find yourself crushing over. And you two met on the International Day of Falling in Love, how romantic is that? Way more romantic than the time Percy rescued you and your sister from a thief. It's never too late to like another boy that's hopelessly out of your league, Nico. He'd forced himself to shut it out, to shut it all out. He knew fairly well what the consequences of liking someone he barely even knew brought, and still he had trudged along that bumpy road, filled himself with delusions of acceptance and happily ever afters, only to find out the destination on his map wasn't even there in the first place. He had sworn to himself that he never wanted to experience that kind of heartbreak again. And yet, the minute he had shut the door and sat back on his couch, Nico thought of him. Throughout the hour, he had thought of him. Throughout the day, the week, the month, the year, he had thought of him—of the blonde boy with bright eyes that mistook zeroes for sixes. And he knew then and there that he was absolutely, positively, most definitely screwed. "I don't see why you would've seen me otherwise," Nico retorted, indignantly crossing his arms in front of his chest in hopes of pushing down the blush threatening to spread on his cheeks. The boy shrugged. "Eh, I dunno. Thought you went to my high school or something." Thought? He had been…thinking of him? About him? Him? Nico tried his best to ignore the way he felt his heart thump loudly in his chest. "So anyways!" the boy exclaimed, clapping his hands together enthusiastically. "It's so weird, huh? Us always meeting on Valentine's Day, I mean." "Yeah," Nico offered, frowning when it sounded more of a giddy squeak than an aloof indifference. He cleared his throat and repeated it, mending the tone of his voice to something more suited for his external disposition. "I bet you were following me, eh?" the boy teased, winking playfully at him. "Searching me up on social media, asking about me around the neighborhood. Well, today's your lucky day, my friend. Because I'm here to save you from your misery and tell you my beautiful name," he put an outstretched hand out, flashing a cheeky grin that made Nico's breath catch in his throat, "my name's Will Solace, nice to meet you, Valentine!" And while Nico very much wanted to whack this guy in the head for being so comfortable towards a topic he was personally sensitive about, he did nothing but deepen his grimace. Because while the other boy joked and made good humor with those "searching me up" sentiments, Nico knew it in himself that he had been very much tempted to resort to doing so—as relentless and determined he was at denying it. And now, he finally knew his name. Will Solace. Even just those three syllables were enough to spark a rush of adrenaline all over his veins. He just hoped and prayed that his face wasn't as red as it felt. But it certainly didn't help that Will burst into melodic laughter. "Hey c'mon, lighten up, dude!" He withdrew his open palm and punched Nico gently on the shoulder, and Nico bit back the standard " don't ever touch me again " lecture and swallowed it down his throat, replacing it with, "I'll lighten up when you start reading numbers properly." The blonde boy put a dramatic hand on his chest in mock offense, his face feigning one of pure theatricality. "Why I've never—in my defense, the handwriting on the card was totally messy." Nico snorted, the corner of his lip turning up just the slightest. "It was printed . In Times New Roman, nonetheless." Will laughed, putting his hands up in the air. "Alright, alright, you got me. I'm stupid and laughable." "Damn right you are," Nico scoffed, his mouth lifting up even more when Will exploded into another set of hearty chuckles. Goddammit, why was he even bothering with this boy? "Say, my shift's gonna be over in about 8 minutes, and my best friends just hooked up with each other and left me all by my lonesome today," he put his hands in his back pockets (quite adorably, Nico might add). "So I was thinking, if, you know, you wanna go hang out with me? Like, for