Across the Globe This fanfiction uses the idea of Mirrorphones, a communicational invention in the Wizarding World by the Weasleys. It is borrowed from Northumbrian's fanfiction ' Research and Development '. Rights to the idea belong to Northumbrian; I'm only humbly using it. Read the fanfiction here: s/10113994/1/Research-and-Development . 'Hmpf,' Ginny grunted. Harry looked up to Ginny. 'I know, Ginny, I know.' He held the cup of tea in his hand and a copy of the Daily Prophet in the other. Ginny walked around the table. She seemed awestruck, but angry. And when Ginny was angry, Harry knew, she was uncalculated. Especially when it came to something which could be easily solved with magic. 'So what you're saying is,' she began hastily, 'that there's literally no Portkey available at the Ministry? Not one ?!' Harry put the cup and Prophet down on the long oak kitchen table of Grimmauld Place. 'I've explained this to you,' Harry said. 'Major outfall of portkey locations throughout Northwest Europe. From here to Berlin, Portkey's are not functioning properly.' He gestured to the paper. 'They seem to be working very hard on it now.' He turned his head to the paper, where an image of Hermione Granger was put just below the title. It read: ' NO TRANSPORTATION, LOTS OF CONSTERNATION' . Harry smiled. 'The Prophet's coverage is awful, though.' Ginny was fuming. Despite this, she seemed timid and composed her angriness. 'Harry,' she began. 'I don't care about the Prophet's coverage.' She leaned over the table and put her index finger on the table. 'This paper and this situation have one thing in common,' she said. Harry frowned. 'It's both very shit.' Harry laughed. 'Stop laughing,' replied Ginny irritably. 'First time I've been nominated internationally for Quidditch Player of the Year, and all you seem to care about is the coverage of a bloody Portkey outfall.' Harry had begun eating his scrambled eggs with bacon. 'H'mione's on t'coffer,' he mumbled. He held the paper in Ginny's direction. She looked at it. 'Good for her,' said Ginny as she turned her back to Harry. He redirected his attention to other news articles on the front page, when he saw that Ginny had turned back to face Harry. She had a curious smile. 'Can Hermione arrange something for us, Harry?' 'Sorry?' Ginny grinned at his confusedness. 'Arrange something for us, Harry,' Ginny repeated. 'So we can get to these awards.' Harry's expression changed. 'There's no way that can be done, Ginny. Hanu Island isn't mapped.' 'But New Zealand is, isn't it?' Ginny replied cheerfully. She swoop to the kitchen counter and began to pour some water in a glass. 'Ah, the taste of sweet inspiration,' she said as she drank. Harry had the impression that Ginny was rather excited by the means of travelling. She knew what he meant. Harry conceded. 'Can you imagine us travelling by plane?' 'Yes of course, Harry, I'd always wanted to fly in a Muggle machine. You remembered how excited my father was when he flew from London to Madrid.' 'Funny,' Harry replied. 'But everyone knows your dad loves Muggles. He flew, simply because he wanted to.' 'Don't we want it, too?' said Ginny swiftly. She put the glass of water on the kitchen counter and began to wave her arms horizontally, imitating a plane. ' Fllyyy ,' she cheered. Harry snorted. He looked Ginny in the eyes. 'Let's see what can be arranged.' xxx 'Hermione Granger is very busy at the moment,' said a woman behind a counter. Harry stared at her. 'Tell her it's Harry.' The woman gave Harry a starry look, but wrote a note on a piece of parchment. It transformed into a paper plane the moment she finished writing and flew to the door a few metres from him. It opened automatically as the paper memo flew in. Harry watched the door. 'It usually takes long for her to reply,' the woman mumbled. Harry watched Ginny, seated in a chair some metres behind him. 'Anything?' she mouthed. Harry shook his head. He looked at the door. ' H. J. Granger ' said the sign, followed by ' Head of the Department of.. ' Harry was unable to read the last part, as Hermione swung her office door open. She looked at the Harry and Ginny, who was sitting. She had a friendly smile on her face. Ginny was waving charmingly. He chortled. 'Hello Harry,' she said as she approached him. She glanced at the woman behind the counter. 'Thanks for the message, Brookes.' Harry examined Hermione's stare. 'Got time for us?' he asked. 'One minute.' Ginny overheard them and stood up. 'Please follow me to my office,' said Hermione. The three walked into the room. Harry closed the door as Hermione sat in her chair behind a large desk. Ginny paced around, looking at the artefacts in her room. It was an airy room, with a big window overlooking the entrance hall of the Ministry of Magic. Photos of her, Ron and members of Dumbledore's Army and the Order of the Phoenix decorated the top a shelf; the rest of the walls were filled with bookshelves and, additionally, ample books. Hermione was writing something on a big piece of parchment. 'What can I do for you?' Harry walked up to her desk. He seemed a bit embarrassed by the question. 'We need to get on a plane to New Zealand,' he said. 'Tomorrow.' Hermione stared at Harry and gave Ginny a quick glance. ' This is urgent?' she said. 'Well,' Harry began. "It's tomorrow-' 'Because it is not,' Hermione said distressed. 'I've got better things to do now Harry, a lot of better things to do right now with this mad, mad Portkey fallout than handling this odd request.' Ginny walked up to Hermione's desk. 'This isn't odd , Hermione,' she said firmly. 'I have to go to the International Quidditch Player of the Year awards on Hanu Island in New Zealand.' Hermione sighed. 'And the Portkey's not working,' she said as she stood up. She turned and looked out of the window, her arms crossed. 'The Portkey's a massive problem right now,' she had her back turned to the Potters. 'Harry, I might be able to fix something for you, but there are several problems.. I can think of a few already..' 'Such as?' asked Ginny. Hermione turned around. 'The security gates, your wands, is my biggest concern. And are you going to take your broom with you?' Ginny shook her head. Hermione was cogitating. She looked at Harry. 'Passport?' 'Got one, but it expired years ago,' he said. 'We can change that with magic,' Hermione walked up to her desk and began to search in one of its cabinets. 'Do you have one?' she asked Ginny, while searching for a quill. 'No,' Ginny replied. 'Do I need it?' Harry looked at her and nodded. 'Yes. Essential.' Ginny cursed. 'What now?' Hermione took out a new piece of parchment and used her newly found quill to quickly scribble a few lines. The piece of parchment transformed into a paper plane as soon as she had finished writing it. Hermione then took another piece of parchment, wrote something longer than a few lines on it and let both pieces fly out of the door. 'It can be arranged,' she said. 'But don't Confund anyone.' 'I'll never try, of course,' Harry replied. 'I was talking to Ginny,' Hermione said unamused. 'It's a Muggle piece of transport, behave like Muggles.' 'I won't perform any magic,' Ginny briskly stated. 'You can't, since the wands will be in your luggage.' Harry frowned. 'Can't we put our wands in the hand luggage?' Hermione shook her head. 'Muggle security measures.' Ginny looked confused. Hermione glanced at her and Harry. 'And don't try.' Hermione walked around her desk to Ginny and Harry. 'There'll be someone from the Ministry stopping by at Grimmauld Place quickly to sort things out with your passport, Harry. As for the ticket..' 'How do we buy the ticket?' Ginny asked. 'On the Muggle internet,' Hermione answered. 'And that's the only problem I didn't write a memo for.' 'I have never used the Muggle Internet,' said Ginny. Hermione looked at her. 'I have. But to complete the payment, you have to have do some form of online payment, debit card of credit card,' she said. 'Or .' 'Pay friend ?' Ginny asked confused. 'No, Ginny,' Harry said. He waved her away and looked at Hermione. 'Who'd you think we can ask?' Hermione seemed to be in a moment of thought. 'Well, me of course,' she said. 'You're too busy,' said Harry. 'Unless you want, of course..' 'Too busy,' decided Ginny abruptly. She had read Harry's mind. He was already very grateful for any help. Ginny seemed to be a little bit embarrassed by the burden she had put upon Hermione. She was only realising that now. Hermione seemed to have come up with an idea during Ginny and Harry's eye contact. 'Dean Thomas?' xxx 'Hey Dean, it's Harry, please leave me a message when you hear this.' Harry put down his Mirrorphone and looked at Ginny. 'I hope he picks up his phone soon.' 'He will.' Ginny was firm. 'He was always quick with letters, back in the day .' She grinned. Harry smiled, too. Suddenly, his Mirrorphone began to buzz. 'Harry.. Harry.. Harry..' it sounded. Harry picked up the Mirrorphone and faced Dean Thomas. His hairline had receded it a bit by the years, but it still was the Dean Thomas that Harry knew. 'Hey Harry!' said Dean cheerfully. 'Didn't expect to be with you in touch that soon. Isn't the reunion in a couple of months or so?' Harry laughed. 'Yes. Good beard by way,' Harry began. Dean stroked his beard as a sign that he had received the compliment. 'So what's up?' 'Me and Ginny need to go to New Zealand,' Harry said. Dean grinned. 'Exotic.' '… by plane.' 'Blimey Harry, by plane?' Dean's voice contained a mix of amazement and excitement. 'Is it because of Gin-.. hold on, Ginny is nominated for Quidditch Player of the Year internationally, isn't she?' Harry nodded. 'Amazing!' 'Thank you,' said Ginny, unable for Dean to see. Dean chuckled. He regained a serious face quickly. 'But Harry, how are you going to travel by plane with your wands? Is Ginny bringing a broom?' 'No,' Harry replied. 'But we've been in contact with the Ministry and, more specifically, Hermione-' 'Of course Hermione,' Dean laughed. 'Who else?' 'Well, no one, but you,' said Harry. Ginny walked up behind Harry, so that she was visible for Dean, too. 'We need you to buy us plane tickets from London to Auckland on the Muggle internet,' Ginny said. 'We need to leave tomorrow.' Dean's facial expression was dominated by uncertainty. 'That's.. short-dated, Harry. I don't know if there are tickets available, either. But most of all, that's a ton of money.' 'Some thousands to be specific, right?' Harry said. '.. Yes.' 'You'll get it back,' Harry assured. 'Through Gringotts,' he added. Dean seemed to struggle with the thought of doing so. Ginny noticed. 'I'll set up a meet-and-greet with Gwenog Jones for you. She's really nice and doesn't burst out a few Bat-Bogey Hexes when you try to snog her on a first date. Harry's dazing look didn't seem to distract her. Dean seemed offended. 'And tickets for our games!' she added hastily. 'Holyhead Harpies against the Chuddley Cannons, front-row.' Dean's face lit up. He seemed to consider the offer more thoroughly. 'I don't know, Ginny..' Harry looked at Ginny and she understood his expression. Dean was a hard man to convince, especially for these kind of trivial matters. Ginny took the Mirrorphone out of Harry's hand and walked around the room. 'It'd help me out, Dean.' 'I know.' 'A lot ,' Ginny stated. 'I'll be in the Daily Prophet.' 'I want a season ticket to the Holyhead Harpies,' Dean said. 'Front-row.' Ginny sighed. 'Let me