Life had an effect on Hermione Granger. Day after day working at the office, attending meetings and writing memos; convincing that werewolves were not subhuman and wary simplifying befuddled rules were just a small bit of her daily activities. She worked until late, stood up early the next day and simultaneously was able to fit a social life (and a lover) in the spare time in between. But in the last few months her social life had considerably toned down to levels even she found utterly unsatisfying. Where in her younger years her social life had been a vast, wild and often dangerous tidal wave, nowadays it resembled more of a creek, flowing beside piles of paperwork and empty quills. Therefore she was happy, sincerely happy, that she was finally meeting up with Ginny again. Ginny Weasley, the red-haired superstar, chaser at the Holyhead Harpies and countless' teenage boys' and girls' dream. Her poster had sold particularly well just before the start of the new Quidditch season, Ron told her, and he constantly beamed when he saw Ginny's poster hanging around wherever they went. They had hung up a poster in their apartment as well, and although Hermione wasn't particularly interested in Quidditch – she rarely found time to attend Ginny's matches – her support for Ginny was staunch. Life with Ron wasn't exceptionally interesting as well, but Hermione was more than happy that it was this way; her past adventures had led her to believe that she wanted a quiet life, a happy life, although her fame had stretched out so far that the former would be difficult to achieve. While traveling for work to Madagascar – of all places – she found herself signing autographs to bypassing witches, wizards, and even house elves. Clearly, her fame had stretched beyond borders, but so did her dignity; everywhere she came she was treated with an unusual amount of respect. Although she wasn't fond of (over)attention (unlike Ron), she had used her position for the good and passed several important international treaties for house elves and previously "subhuman creatures", such as werewolves and vampires, with remarkable ease. Naturally, Hermione had acclimatized to her celebrity status, and so had Ginny. If they were to enter any wizarding restaurant or pub in Great Britain, they could be sure they were noted in the Daily Prophet next morning. More, if one of them left earlier, they could discover themselves in articles by Rita Skeeter. The Leaky Cauldron, which Ginny suggested, was thus an absolute no-go. Ginny had then proposed that Hermione chose a place for their catch-up session and she accepted her request. A quick search on her Muggle phone and contacting her childhood friend Samantha had led her to use TripAdvisor to find the best place. Samantha obviously had done this many times before (a habit instilled by her various meet and break-up dinners) and suggested many places herself. 'Boa Comida in Camden's a really good place, Hermy,' she had said. 'If you're more into Asian food I can recommend the Ugly Duck on Portobello Road; the place's mostly packed, though.' Hermione had nodded over the phone, unable for Samantha to see. She wondered whether Ginny had tasted something else than English food – apart from the usual European food such as pizza and kebab. While the thought ran through her head, Samantha appeared to have a realization. 'Oh! Hermy, I know one! Muy Caro in Kingston Upon Thames is definitely the place to be for Venezuelan food! You know how good that is? It's-' 'Eh, Sam, my friend and I are more looking for a traditional European restaurant,' Hermione interrupted. 'Oh,' it sounded from the other side of the phone. She sounded slightly offended, but coughed and said with a normal voice, 'I think you should go to Trattoria San Paolo then, it's in Knightsbridge. My parents think the food is almost saint-like..' Hermione smiled. 'Thanks, Sam,' she said as the closed the call with the usual formalities. She had found her place to eat and meet-up and Ginny and she was tremendously looking forward to it. It was in a few days already, but for the reservation, it wouldn't really matter. Hermione was curious how Ginny would take it; a Muggle restaurant. Her lips curled in her smile when Harry told her how Ginny was on the brink of Confunding muggle officials when they were forced to take a Muggle flight a few months back. The last few days for the meet-up went by like a Muggle metro. Ginny had agreed to eat at San Paolo after Hermione had assured her that she could take her wand with her. Hermione arranged it through TripAdvisor. She herself would see to it that Ginny didn't do anything bold – after all, Ginny's trademark hex had become known to the general public. Hermione guaranteed herself, then, that it wasn't necessarily at all to keep an eye on Ginny. They were bosom friends and part of a family – although not yet official. Hermione took the Tube to the Italian trattoria; living in the wizarding world, she found it easing to hear monotone 'Mind the gap' voice audio after entering the Tube. The commute didn't last too long, and it was beneficial that the restaurant was near Sloane Square station as Ginny had lots of opportunities to safely Apparate into one of the many alleys in the surrounding streets. Hermione was early; they had agreed to be there at half past eight, but Hermione was in the Tube at seven o'clock. She went straight from the Ministry to the Tube. Secretary Brookes was a bit startled when Hermione announced to leave around a quarter to seven. It was true, it was early for her, but the time gap between her arriving at Sloane Square and the agreed time at San Paolo gave her an opportunity to stroll around in Knightsbridge, one of her favourite parts of London, and clear up her mind. Just before half past eight she entered San Paolo. The restaurant was cosily located at an intersection near Sloane Square. Inside the restaurant the tables were neatly arranged and big, old pictures decorated the walls, which Hermione recognised as saints from the Catholic Church. Their table was near the window, with a table in front of them and a table behind them; if they looked left they could watch people passing by at Sloane Square and to the right were several other tables, out of earshot to them. She had chosen their table with care. The Muffliato charm was easy to cast in two directions; it was difficult to do that in a 360-degree fashion in a packed restaurant, let alone that it was too suspicious if you would be waving around a wand in front of a dozen muggles. Hermione smiled at the thought of her waving around. While her level of bravery was above average, her level foolishness had luckily not yet matched that level. A few minutes went by until Ginny Weasley arrived at the restaurant. She was fancily dressed. Her entrance attracted several glances from the visitors in the restaurant; after Hermione's entrance, a vast number of people had entered San Paolo. It made the place quite packed. Ginny's entrance had given Hermione the opportunity to cast the necessary charms to not let them be overheard. Although, it wasn't that necessary; it was just more convenient and ensured that their conversation wasn't confined to general things, but they could go more in-depth – gossip, among other things. 'Ginny,' said Hermione as she stood up. She smiled and they gave each other the proper greetings. 'Fancy neighbourhood, this is.' 'I know, right?' Hermione replied. 'Not my own idea, though.' 'Aah, good enough.' Ginny leaned over the table, having not even taken off her coat. 'You cast the enchantments?' she whispered. Hermione nodded. 'Taken care of Gin, don't worry.' A young, blonde waitress approached their table, carrying to menus in her right hand. She stopped and looked at both women. 'Something to drink?' she said, her words drenched in a thick London accent. Ginny glanced at Hermione. She understood that she had to order first. 'Prosecco, please.' 'Same for me,' Ginny added. The waitress nodded, gave them their menus and left. Ginny laughed. 'I've no idea what prosecco is.' Hermione joined in. 'You usually eat it with fish or salad.' 'Right,' said Ginny. 'Did you know..' she continued, and they began a lengthy discussion of the latest news of their families and friends, followed by some rumours and humorous occasions Ginny had with her fans. Her database of stories knew no end; their starters were delivered as four young men joined a table behind Ginny. Hermione gave them a glance but brought her attention back to Ginny, who was telling how Oliver Wood had been outstanding this season - except when he faced the Holyhead Harpies. As they began to eat their starters – Hermione had chosen carpaccio, Ginny a variant of Italian salad – she informed Ginny about the four young guys behind her. 'They're not that old,' said Ginny, giving them a quick glance over her shoulder. She put some lettuce in her mouth. 'What's the matter with them, anyway?' 'They just seem.. odd... As if they want to discuss something very urgent.' 'Well, we'll see,' shrugged Ginny. '.. Hear,' she corrected herself. They finished eating their starters. Hermione was happily chatting about a case at work when Ginny gestured to talk a little bit softer. '.. and then she showed me this paper with like, moving pictures, lads.' 'Seriously, Dan, lad, you go' to stop inventing this bullshit,' said another voice. Ginny stared at Hermione. 'You hear that?' Hermione nodded. 'Can't be much.' The conversation of the group of guys behind Ginny continued. 'No, but Frankie, I swear on me mum's grave, it's true. After that – this is gonna sound really weird – but then she took a long wooden stick and pointed it at me, after that I was sick and in bed for a couple of days n' stuff-' The table roared with laughter. Frankie took the word. 'Sure Dan, sure.. so wha' was she after, then? Long time since you've been able to have physical contact with a bird.' The rest laughed again. Dan was quiet. 'Dunno. I bought a ball of fur the other day for me little sis', I can vaguely remember her saying that she wanted that back. Can't be much, can it?' Frankie chuckled. 'No, Dan, I think it's al'ight. Now, lads, let's get us some pints,' he said while a waiter approached. Ginny and Hermione stared at each other. Hermione looked into her eyes and saw a look that she knew; Ginny had solved this case on her own, in a matter of seconds. 'I'm telling you, Hermione, someone's tried to get a pygmy puff from him! Which he purchased. How's that possible in the first place?' 'I don't know, really,' replied Hermione. She was still a bit too awestruck at the oddity of the situation. Hadn't she implicitly chosen a Muggle restaurant to be away from the power that witches and wizards called magic? She sighed. 'I'm not sure whether anyone would threaten a Muggle with a wand for a pygmy puff,' Hermione said. She put her fork and knife on her plate as a sign that she had finished her starters. Ginny followed her example. 'Well, if Harry would do harm to my Arnold, back in the day, you know, I'd hex him.' Hermione smiled gleefully at her friend. 'You know Harry would never do that.' 'But still!' insisted Ginny. 'I just meant to say that a pygmy puff is definitely more than a ball of fur.' 'Of course, of course, Ginny – but let's focus on this situation. The guy has been threatened with a wand, saw moving pictures on a page, most likely the Daily Prophet, and got a pygmy puff out of nowhere.' Hermione