Contest Entry for Lyrics to Life Contest Beta/Pre-reader: Sunflower Fanfiction - a great tweaker and an even better friend. Thank you You Tube Link: videos/search?q=moving+on+youtube+by+rascal+flatts&FORM=VIRE4#view=detail&mid=EFAAFE2078C495066798EFAAFE2078C495066798 – I'm Moving On, Rascal Flatts Disclaimer: I do not make any claim to any Twilight reference or to the beautiful song that was the inspiration. No copyright infringement intended. This story is from my own imagination. Summary: Angst. Edward Cullen had it all: a promising future, great friends and a loving girlfriend. One fateful night changed the direction his life would take, and he lost it all. What happens when memories are all you have left? Moving On "Well, it's been a hell of a ride," I whispered to myself as I glanced around my now empty apartment, each corner holding a memory, some good, others, not so much. What I couldn't fit in the U-Haul was either sold or donated to the women's shelter. After the mess I'd made over the last few years, it was a repentance of sorts. It was the women in my life that I'd hurt most of all. Hell, who am I kidding? I'd hurt everyone in my life and done my best to drive them all away. Some of them should have been left by the wayside years before. If I had made better choices, my life would not be the shambles that it was today. As I was about to close the door on this chapter of my life, the sun caught something shiny on the floor. Curious, I walked over to the mysterious object, and my breath caught when I saw the platinum and diamond ring laying there. " Edward, you know I love you. I will ALWAYS love you, but I can't live like this anymore." The tears were flowing freely down her cheeks as she slipped my promise of forever off her finger, set it on the end table and walked out the door. I sank to my knees and stared at the door, willing her to come back to me. Didn't she understand that nothing made sense without her? Didn't she understand that the others meant nothing? I could give it all up for her. I would give it all up. She'd see. Tears began to pool in my eyes, but I refused to let them fall. This was the bed I'd made, and one of the many reasons I felt I had to leave the only home I'd ever known. After graduation from Forks High, most of my classmates seemed destined for greatness, well, everyone but me. I'd been a star student and athlete, garnering interest from Division I schools for my prowess on the field and from the Ivy League schools for the grades I'd received in the classroom. But I gave it all up when I fell in love with two women: Bella Swan and cocaine. Knowing Bella wouldn't be able to follow me across the country, I'd resigned myself to staying in Washington. The Huskies really needed a quarterback who could lead, and I was exactly what they were looking for. Their pre-med program was top-notch, so it was really the perfect place for me. Even if Bella hadn't gotten a scholarship offer, the commute was doable. " Oh, Edward, look!" she shouted excitedly as she ran up the steps to the front porch of my house. "I got it, Edward! Look! I got the scholarship. I can't believe it!" " Of course you got the scholarship, baby." I picked her up, swinging her around. "You've really worked your pretty little ass off the last two years. They'd be a fool to pass up the opportunity to have you grace the halls of their College of Nursing." Kissing her sweetly, I slid her down my body before whispering, "I can't wait to show you just how happy I am, but first, we need to tell my parents." " Are you sure they are going to be okay with me staying in that apartment, Edward?" she asked, worry obvious in her tone. " Of course they will be okay with it," I spoke around my laughter at the absurdity of the question. "Bella, my parents love you. They won't have a problem at all, and I'm sure Charlie will be perfectly okay with it, too." Bella rolled her eyes before giving me a little love pat on the arm and replying. "Edward, he'll have a heart attack if we don't lead with the fact that you are required to live in the athletic dorm," she replied, giggling. "If you aren't careful, Edward, Charlie is likely to have you reclassified as a woman when he rips your balls off." Shaking off the memory of the time before I boarded the train to crazy town, I glanced back down at the ring. Even at my lowest, I was smart enough to try to hold onto her, and she loved me enough to fight for me. " Bella, baby, I know I've fucked up, but I want to be a better man for you. I want to prove to you that I can be that man you fell in love with." I was on the floor, kneeling in front of her, wiping the tears from her cheeks. Staring into her eyes, I whispered, "baby, marry me?" The words left my mouth before I could stop them. I didn't want to propose like this; she was hurt and angry, and I was flying high. I couldn't even remember what I'd done that time, but I know the tears rolling down her beautiful cheeks weren't all happy tears. It wasn't even the first time I'd promised her I'd change for her . However,it was the day she agreed to be my wife. The ring I slipped on her finger was beautiful and cost much more than an out-of-work, cokehead could afford. She didn't question how I'd paid for it, not that I would have told her the truth. She always believed what I told her anyway. If I told her I wasn't high, she'd believe me. If I told her I was out looking for a job, she bought it. If I told her I wasn't with a woman, she'd kiss my cheek and continue studying. At least, that's what my coke-fueled mind believed at the time. Turns out, she was much wiser than I ever gave her credit for. " Bella, you know I would never touch Kate. God knows what kinds of diseases she's carrying." I saw her wince, and I realized exactly what she'd heard. " FUCK!" I growled in frustration at myself. "That's not what I meant, baby," I tried to soothe her. "I love you. I only want YOU. I would never, ever betray you, Bella." I looked her in the eyes, willing her to believe my lie, knowing full well that I betrayed her every time I walked out the door. In my mind back then, getting blown for a line or fucked for an eight-ball didn't count as betraying her. It was payment and insurance that they would come back with money next time. Sex was just sex; it wasn't love, and that's what Bella and I had-a never-ending love, or so I led myself to believe. I didn't think it was possible to push her too far , but oh,how wrong I was. I drove her away with my never-ending lies, cheating and using. I stumbled into the apartment as the sun was rising. Bella was sleeping on the couch, cuddled in the corner, her eyes puffy from the tears she'd obviously shed, yet again. Tripping over the coffee table, I mumbled, "Fuck!" causing her to stir. I held my breath, hoping she wouldn't wake, but of course, she opened her beautiful brown eyes and looked up at me. Her eyes showed me only despair, not the happiness I had promised her. I didn't want her to see me this fucked up. I'd promised her that I wouldn't use anymore and that I would stop hanging out with Ben and Emmett. I didn't even keep that promise for one fucking day. I cringed at the memory. Ben, Emmett and I had gone to high school together, and all of us had received football scholarships to different colleges. Ben blew his ACL the last game of our senior year, which ended his football career. Emmett got a full ride to the University of Georgia. He was excited by the prospect of playing against the elite football teams that composed the SEC. Keeping his grades up proved to be a challenge with the demands of the team, and he was the first one to begin using. He started popping uppers to help him stay awake to study, and the uppers eventually turned to cocaine and crystal meth. He was a rising star and had sportscasters talking about his bright future. He even walked away with the prestigious Dick Butkus award for best linebacker as a freshman. The first failed drug test resulted in a one-year suspension with loss of eligibility and mandated counseling. The second, less than a month later, resulted in his release from the team. The team could have suspended him a second year, but why would they waste time on someone who wasn't even trying? Both Ben and Emmett ended up in Seattle. Ben was attending UW with me, and Emmett was partying. My phone rang while I was studying for the genetics test that was coming faster than I was ready for it to come. "Hello," I said distractedly without looking at my phone. This class was kicking my ass, and with anatomy and both bio and organic chemistry on my schedule this semester, I was spending more time in the library than anywhere else. " Ed, man, come out with Cheney and me tonight. The booze is flowing, and the women are hot!" Emmett was already three-sheets. " Dude, there is no way. I have four tests next week, Em. I have to study this weekend, and if I party tonight, I won't be worth a damn for the rest of the weekend," I said, resigned to my boring Friday night. " Come on, Ed," he whined. "I can hook you up with some shit that will help you get over any hangover you may have. And something else to help you stay up whenever you want help to get the knowledge you insist on seeking infused into that peanut-sized thing you call a brain." He laughed. That one night changed the trajectory of my life. Instead of doing what I knew I should do, I let my nineteen-year-old self loose and went out. I remembered telling Bella and how thrilled she was that I was going to go out and have a little fun. " Edward, you work so hard. You deserve to spend a little time with your friends. Go. Have fun, and if you don't drink too much, maybe we can have a little more fun when you get home." She giggled. "Maybe I'll go out and get some wine, so I can be loose when you get back." Sex with Bella had always been great, but when Bella was drunk, she was up for just about anything, and I took full advantage of her horniness. I closed my eyes, trying to remember the feel of her body under me. I wanted to feel her soft skin again. I wanted, so much, to hear her whisper my name as she came when I was making love with her. I wanted to hear her scream and moan as I fucked her hard over the couch after a night out with friends. That night had held so much promise. If I'd only realized the consequences would be a walk through hell. I got home to find Bella asleep on the couch, a bottle of wine next to her. I didn't realize it had gotten so late, and she'd obviously fell asleep waiting