Legend Normal: Normal Normal: Scene cuts and headlines. Normal: Text "Normal": Talking " Normal": Thoughts. Disclaimer: None of the character, unless specifically said so, locations are my own. Everything recognizable belongs to its respectful owner. This story is byproduct of an extremely persistent plot bunny and my own insane imagination. So without further ado, let's begin. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Harry was sitting in the swing at the abandoned playground, while he went over the things that had happened in the last year of the Hogwarts school of magic. If someone would have to describe the schoolyear with a single word, that word would be fiasco. There was the Triwizard tournament being held at Hogwarts after decades of pause, after the dead toll had risen too high and despite all the security measures, this tournament still demanded one victim, Cedric Diggory. But Harry wasn't thinking about the now dead Diggory, no he was thinking the rebirth of his arch nemesis, Lord Voldemort. He had witnessed the rebirth of the most feared dark lord of all times. He had dueled against him, and with some miracle, had escaped alive. A feat that not many were able to boast. "If I only had the power to defeat him." Harry thought as he clenched his fist. Suddenly, a perfect silence fell at the over the playground. As he lifted his head, he saw that time had seemingly stopped, birds were frozen in the air and the critters were frozen in mid jump. As he searched the reason why this was happening, his eyes fell into woman who was standing another side of the playing ground. The woman had body of supermodel, flame orange hair and crimson red eyes. The look on her face was something that you could expect from an apex predator. Harry, upon seeing the eyes of the woman, tried to pull his wand out of his back pocket, keyword being tried. Before he could even, he was suspended in the air by black metal chains. "Now there is no need to do that." The woman chastised him, all the while judging him. "How are you?" Harry snapped at the woman. "My name is unimportant, but if you must know, its …..." Harry raised an eyebrow as he didn't hear anything when she was about to give her name to him. "As I suspected. You aren't able to hear my name. You may refer me as Hell. And no, I'm not in league with Voldemort. In fact, I'm here to offer you a contract." Harry looked surprised about this. "What would this contract be like?" Harry asked, his voice laced with suspicion. "Oh nothing. Your soul and servitude for the power to defeat Voldemort." "My soul and servitude?" Harry asked, horrified by the prize. "Maybe I should rephrase that. I will take your soul and make you my personal bounty hunter in this realm. You would gain powers that others can only imagine. In the return, you shall deliver me the souls of sinners and rogue demons." Hell explained, while smirking. Harry didn't even stop to think about the consequences about his answer as it was far too tempting. "Deal" He said with a tone of finality in his voice. "Good" Hell said as she pointed her fingers at him and shot a lance of black and crimson energy into his chest. Harry's aura manifested around him, glowing a soft emerald green, before it slowly turned red and black. His aura flared once and when it died down, Harry was no-where to be seen. Time skip: Next morning The annoying beeping sound filled the small bedroom in the Number 4 Privet Drive. One Harry Potter slammed his fist down at the alarm clock, reducing into a rubble. "What a weird dream." Harry thought as he shacked his head clear from cobwebs. His eyes hit a tome that had appeared into the bed. He scrambled towards it. The bounty hunter's guidebook. Said the cover, while Harry froze. "Holy shit. It wasn't a dream." Harry thought as he opened the book. Introduction So, you have decided to become a bounty hunter to Hell. Your job as bounty hunter is to hunt gown the bounties of the souls that have avoided hell and brand the souls that are sentenced to hell with the correct insignia, so the angels know that this soul belongs to hell. You are also expected to deal with demons that disturb the world of living. And for you to perform these jobs efficiently there are many things that you need to know. Chapter 1. The enemies and their weaknesses. As mentioned earlier, you are responsible to terminate any threat of demonic origin that threatens the world of living within your assigned area. And you will be facing many threats in form of many different demons. Here is quick rundown of the you most common. Elementals. Elementals are, as their name implies demons that are capable to control elements. Each element has its own elementals. Elementals are very strong magicians, but they lack ability to attack physically. (Earth type elementals are expectation) Their strength varies between that of an imp to that of a higher arch demon. Their weaknesses are clear and easy to exploit, as each element is strong against other and weak against some other. This can however be negated if the Elemental is strong enough. Elementals are easy to recognize as they look like humanoids made from raw elements. There are five know elemental types: Fire, water, wind, earth and lightning. Fire is weak against water and strong against wind. Water is strong against fire and weak against earth. Earth is strong against water and weak against lightning. Wind is strong against lightning and weak against fire. Lightning is strong against earth and weak against wind. Creatures. Creatures are demons that have animal features. They are often very strong physically, but they, barring for few races, lack the ability to use magic. Their strength varies between that of an imp and that of a greater demon. Those who belong to the races that are able to use magic can easily reach the strength of a greater demon and there has been notified several occurrences where Creature- type demon has gained the tittle of an arch demon. There are as many Creature-type demons than there are mundane and magical animals. It's a very rare, however to see a light aligned magical animal, such as unicorn demons. Creatures are very easily recognized as they look like humans who have animal parts. (It should be noted that Creature-type demons can be found living alongside humans.) Humanoids. Humanoids are exact opposite of the Creatures. While Creatures have considerable physical strength, humanoids are as strong as average human, but they more than make that up with their magic capabilities. They often have impressive repertoire of offensive and defensive spells and that makes even the weaker inviduals a considerable threat. Their weakness is close-quarter combat. Humanoids are always powerful, ranging from lower demon to greater demon. Wraiths. Wraiths are vengeful spirits that have lingered in the world of living for far too long and through it, have gained the ability to possess those that are weaker that wraith itself. Wraiths are generally nuisances that are very easily dispatched, as they are often even weaker than imps. The wraith takes from of face in a black smoke cloud. Some type of wraiths exist that are protecting humans. They usually take the form a glowing ball of light. These type of wraiths should be left alone. Some wraiths can also disguise themselves as humans. Chapter 2: The equipment and abilities. As a Hell's bounty hunter, you gain several new abilities and equipment's that you will most likely find useful in the field. Some of these include: Enhanced physical and magical capabilities, weapons etc. Here is rundown of them. Enchanted physical and magical capabilities. You are now able to easily lift a few hundred tons, run at the near speed of Mach 10, have greatly expanded magical core, your body is tough enough that you are able to treat getting tossed through several meters of pure concrete as mere inconvenience and be able to withstand nearly all magic. In short your body has been enchanted to that point that you are grabble with the strongest demons of hell. Your body is also immune to any diseases and every ailment that you had is cured. You also have extremely fast healing factor. Equipment As Hell's bounty hunter, you also have access to best equipment of the underworld. This includes such items as: Dual pistols that are deadly to every mundane and supernatural being, scouter that can analyze any demon in seconds, pair of swords that are impervious to any magic and capture crystals. All of them are pretty self-explanatory, expect the capture crystals. Capture crystals are used to catch Demons and when kept near you, give you the powers that the imprisoned demon had. The scouter also works as communication device where you will get any information about demonic activity and information of contracts. You also have a magical chip installed that allows you to access into Abyss auction where you can find literally anything. It should also be noted that they are invisible to everyone, if you don't wish otherwise. Abilities. You have several unique abilities, such as branding and ability to easily perform any magic of human origin. Branding means that you can brand any demon as your servant, though the demon has to be willing to serve you in order of this to work. You also have a solid hold of manifestation magic. This branch of magic allows you to shape your raw magic into anything that you wish, be it sword or an armor. You also gain instinctive knowledge as how to use your equipment. The rest of the tome was filled with all the laws that could affect him. As he read through the tome, he noticed that he wasn't wearing glasses. As he picked from the nightstand and put them on his nose, he nearly had a heart attack as green text was flowing downwards the glasses. He then realized that his glasses had become the scouter that the tome had mentioned. He then walked into his closet, he was in another shock as his old baggy mugle clothes had been replaced by black shirt and pants, whit red trench coat and fedora accompanying them. As he looked into the closet more intensively, he saw that his new swords, which he recognized as katana and his new pistols were also hanging from their hooks. As he pulled on his clothes, he started to think about the information, or lack of thereof. All that he had received all summer was that they were together is some place, most likely in burrow and they apparently had some other company. "Why should I trust them if they don't trust me?" He pondered as he put the Katana swords in cross formation in his back. He then took the red fedora from the hook where it was suspended and pressed it over his messy black locks. With that he left his room. As he got downstairs, he was greeted by his uncle's purple face. "Freak, Marge is coming and he will be staying for a week, so I expect you to behave well. And none of the freaky business like last time." Vernon bellowed. Harry nodded absently, his mind in completely different matters. "I'm going for a walk." He informed Vernon curtly as he walked out of the front door. As he was walking down the street, he felt a buzz in back of his mind. He was instantly on guard as he somewhat recognized that there was demon nearby. He paused in the middle of the street as everything around him was engulfed by a purple sphere. Harry jumped backwards, narrowly evading a purple ball that exploded when it came into contact whit the street. The demon that