Warning: Smut without a plot, includes hints of non-con and a tiny bit of dominance. Also, it speaks of one character cheating on another. So... be careful reading this one. AN: So, I was extremely disappointed when I began to search for yaoi in our wonderful fandom. I started this journey at Gale x Peeta, which I thought would be fairly usual. I didn't find much that sparked my interest. So I tried Peeta x Haymitch, and find only a few. Lastly, I tried AO3 and just put in the filters of M/M, which I found quite a few on. Even a Haymitch x Finnick, which I'm excited to try out myself. But not very much Peeta x Haymitch, still. So, I'm adding my contribution so our small pool of M/M smut here. Enjoy. Best You Ever Had "You bought me for a reason," he growls, his voice low and gravelly and just so fucking masculine. He stands in the doorway, his hair shaggy and his eyes a glistening gray, more alive and alert than I've seen from him in years. Ironic, the one night I need him to be so drunk he doesn't remember, he arrives perfectly sober. His prep has dressed him casually - a dark shirt that clings to his chest and shows off the not-quite toned stomach that they've been forcing him to work on muscling up. His pants are just as tight, and so black that without the illumination of the house and street lights, I wouldn't have seen them. I can't help but think how attractive he is right now, dressed as if we're going to have tea instead of... my breath hitches at the thought, and I try not to look away in shame at the thought of why he's here tonight. "I missed you," I breathe, mustering up the courage to handle this like an adult. I've got myself in this deep - no need to shy away now. "And I want you, again. And I need you to... to... to make me forget. Katniss and I, we're falling apart at the seams and... I need you to help me." "Oh?" He asks, before pushing past me and into my house. I close the door behind him, trying not to inhale the sweet scent of cognac and sharp cologne that follows in his wake. Not so sober after all. Still, he doesn't have enough alcohol to do very much forgetting tonight. Taking deep, shallow breaths, I squeeze my eyes shut before following him. He's on the couch of my sitting area, pouring himself a glass of the expensive wine I'd set out for this occasion. From the way his muscles are relaxed, the way he appears at home, it's almost as if he isn't here in the context that I want him to be here in. It's almost as if it's just another day in the Capitol - mentoring tributes and trying not to die of sorrow. "I'm... Haymitch, please. I'm done with stolen kisses and cuddles on the couch. I mean, Katniss and I... we've never... I'm-" I start and then break off shakily, wiping the sweat of my palms on my pants. Is that important for him to know? That Katniss and I have never consumated our sham of a marriage? I mean, obviously it holds some credit to him. It must, I'm the kid he married his so-called neice off to. He doesn't move an inch, but by the way he moves mechanically, I know he's stopped thinking. A trick, Finnick had once whispered to me, that us Victors do. Pretend that you're not there, that this isn't happening. Maybe it was a bad idea to tell him. Or maybe it was a bad idea bringing him here at all. It had probably made him feel cheap... expendable, even. "They say the virgins are the best fun," he says randomly, his lips pulling into a predatorial smirk. "They say virgins are usually the most... versatile. Are you any fun, sweetheart?" He asks, and I see that we're merely inches away from being able to reach out and touch each other. I didn't notice it, but as he was advancing on me, I had been moving backwards. I take another step back as he takes one forward and my back hits the wall that separates the sitting room from the front foyer. Almost immediately, he's pouncing on me. His hands plant themselves on either sides of my head, pinning me to the spot. I watch in adrenaline fueled fear and anticipation as his tongue darts out to moisten his chapped lips. "You'll just have to see, won't you? Not like you'd know, you're too scared to try." I reply with much more boldness than I think I have in me. He chuckles darkly, as if this is some morbid joke and his hands moving to grip my waist, so hard that I can almost feel the bruises starting to form. He pulls my hips forward and I move away from the wall only for him to slam me back into it. By the sickening crackling sound behind me, we surely cracked the wall. What the hell has gotten into him? "I'll be honest with you," he mutters, bringing his mouth close to my ear. His warm breath puffs onto my neck, and a shiver crawls it's way up my spine, forcing my entire skin to prickle with goosebumps. Why, oh why does he have to be so dangerously enticing? "I didn't just come to this appointment because I had to." "Y-you didn't?" I ask, my voice quivering. "Then why?" Why else would he come? I mean, of course, it couldn't be Katniss or I. President Snow may hold our potential prostitution over his head, but he has every right to refuse an appointment with another Victor. I know it's part of his contract - I was there with him when he signed it! Maybe, maybe he actually came because he's just as tired of not going further than kissing as I am. "Oh, because, Peeta," he says my name like some delicacy one would want to savor, his hands now going to the zipper on my pants and sliding it down. "I have... fantasized, you could say, about this night. About every element... how rough I would be, how I would make you beg... mm, and you smell so good, much better than my unimaginative mind could conjure up. Yes, I've had plenty the wet dream about the infamous Peeta Mellark." I fight my blush again, at the way he so offhandedly said he'd thought about me in ways that weren't the caring fatherhood he'd displayed to both Katniss and I previously. I can hardly fight my arousal when he pushes at my pants. "Off," he demands, his voice back to that gravelly masculinity that had be stiff from the moment he appeared in my doorway. "I want them off." I'm more then happy to oblige, kicking them aside as if they're on fire - ironic. His hands - large, callused, rough hands that scrape over my skin and leave me trembling - find themselves under my thighs and instinctively, my legs wrap around his waist. Haymitch nips at the small part of my neck that has been left exposed by my shirt before bringing me closer - so close that I can feel his hardness through his own pants. I feel my face heat up at the large bulge that presses against my stomach, but like the old pro he is, he doesn't falter. Instead, his fingers work at the buttons of my shirt, his moist lips leaving sloppy kisses up and down my jaw and neck. I sigh, but it comes out more of a moan and he pauses, if only for a moment. His hands still and his entire body stiffens. Quietly, I wonder if I'd done something wrong. Then again, this whole thing was so very wrong. How much more 'wrong' could I possibly be at this point? Haymitch moves so his eyes are on mine, clouded over into an almost black color with lust and unfed desires of want. I open my mouth to say some witty remark about him forgetting what to do when his lips crush against mine. The kiss is far from loving and delicate, like the ones we sneak when no one's looking. Our teeth bump breifly and I think I bite his tongue on accident. It's rough and sloppy and so soaked with desperation and need that I can feel the tears threatening to prick at my eyes. When he pulls away, he leaves me gasping for air, but I don't mind. Just as long as tonight is filled to the brim with those kisses. With my legs secure around his waist, he cups my bottom and lifts me away from the wall. I tighten my legs so that I won't fall and cup his face, bringing my lips back down to his for a more gentle kiss, one that he immediately pulls away from, as if it's a warning. My back slams against the cold tile of my floor and I give a small squeak of pain and indiginance. Now what I have I done? "I want to fuck you on the floor," he hisses in my ear. "I want to fuck you right here on your floor, rough and hard and anything but humane." I get the hint. None of that gentleness, that's reserved for whatever cameras have been stuck in Katniss and my room by the sick perverts of the Capitol. That also means we can't do it in our bedroom. And probably means that I shouldn't have bought him tonight, should have just went to him and asked. I'm thinking too much into it because panic blooms in my chest and I feel my nerves bundling in my stomach. I bite my lip, ignoring the fearful thoughts that threaten to poison this... whatever this is that I share with this man and instead focus on the tightness around my underwear. His hips lurch forward, the friction of his trousers against my bare legs causing me to gasp in anticipation. His body grinds against mine, his hands touching and wandering and just feeling to the point to where if he goes any further, I might not make it very far. "Fuck me," I say, in a voice so hoarse it can't be mine. "Fuck me, Haymitch." I say it again, louder, and he groans - a low guttural thing that comes from deep in his throat. My underwear are constricting at the noise, so much so that it's painful to stay clothed and I'm desperate for them to be discarded like my shirt and pants. I tug at them, eager for my twitching member to get some sort of attention, but he moves his hand and pins mine above my head. I can't stop my grunt of frustration. "Oh no, you didn't think it would come that easily, did you sweetheart?" Haymitch asks, and the look of confusion and anticipation in my eyes must give it all away because he laughs. "No, no, no. When I say, I want to fuck you, I mean I want you on your knees begging for release. And that means, you must wait." His other hand, however, slips through the slit in my underwear and grabs fast onto my cock. I lift my hips into his hands and groan, the explosion of being touched otherworldly. I practically fuck his hand, my hips moving so that he could give me something. But then his hand is gone and there are two, thick fingers in my mouth. I swirl my tongue around them, keeping my eyes on Haymitch as I do. I don't need to look to tell that his own pants are down around his ankles and his member is stiff with the need to be dealt with. He takes his fingers