~A/N~ Huge thank you to my beta kanwolfe. She's a champ for tackling this thing and I love her support. You're my hero. Also just a warning- this is rated M, it contains themes of a dark nature so please consider that before reading. I'm considering turning this into a longer fic so I'd love to know your thoughts on that ;) Thanks for reading! ~O~ It was once suggested that to live the very best she could, all must be saved for each precious day at a time. If she lived like every moment had meaning. If she could make every experience unique, she would be happier and content just to be. If she accepted her body and mind, just as it was, she would be free. So, she made the choice to unrestrain her creative nature, stop dreaming of her potential, or what potential she thought could be possible, and took a chance on living as she was. It was as simple and as difficult, as all resolve tends to be, once a choice was made. Pandora Lovegood started rising with the sun, walking aimlessly until it reached its zenith, and made the choice to create what she could, rather than focusing on what she couldn't. Her husband would always be waiting by the door as she returned. Every morning asking the same loaded question. "And what of today, my love?" She would look at him, see the hope and acceptance in his gaze, and give him just enough to assure him, as much as herself, that today would be ok. And for some time, at least, it was. She invented a charm that felt as if sunlight was gently warming your skin on a cold winter's day, creating a feeling of such content, that for a moment you refused to move at all, lest it go away. Another time, she successfully made a potion that captured what she felt whilst gazing at the gentle serenity of clouds as they drifted across the sky. She drew from her love of nature and looked for inspiration in all that she saw, successfully bottling the awe and beauty of her surroundings. Giving new life to what was overlooked by many, and truly appreciated by very few. But as she went to sleep at the end of each day, gazing at the dark blanket of night, her hand would drift to her stomach, feeling so very deeply the emptiness there, overshadowing the warmth of the day. For what she longed for most, was a child. And as the years went by, it remained a creation of dreams alone. An idea that continued to be a ghost, always drifting into her thoughts, ageless and timeless, unlike her reality. With time the yearning never faded, and as she watched the phases of the moon and the passing of the seasons, her creativity dwindled. Pandora's answer to the question, "And what of today?" Became, and yet another, more of more, less of, but no better than. She leant on the unwavering love of her husband, to find some replica of the peace she sought, and looked to her patron to inspire her anew. Her patron would often say to her, "It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live." And as he always did, he'd send her on her way, encouraging some new task or another for her to devote her time to instead. It was Xenophilius who finally begged Albus for something, anything to save his wife from the dreams that haunted her night after night, filled with visions of what life with a child would be like and all that encompassed. And that is when fate spun its tapestry, cutting and redirecting lines, beginning a course that would change everything. ~O~ Albus Dumbledore approached the Lovegood residence, with a twinkle in his eye and a deliberately calm smile; the very picture of friendliness. It was not often that he came directly to Pandora's dwelling, but needs must. One look at her pacing the length of her laboratory and it seemed his presence was indeed timely. "Pandora, my dear, I fear a change of course may be prudent. I must request we sit on behalf of your socks, if nothing else," the slight smile still lingered, but he was acutely aware of the organized chaos, and bubbling cauldrons littering the bench tops. Pandora glanced at her feet, as if unaware they were moving of their own accord, and sat on the nearest unused stool. "My socks are forever in your debt, friend. Patron of the creative arts and socks, you henceforth shall be," she responded with a small bow, and waved her palm in a gentle arc, prompting a dance of china and tea leaves into motion. "I gladly accept the title and the tea. Is it calendula, mulberry, and ginkgo I detect?" His senses sharply aware of the particular scents. "Just so," she quietly answered, "it seemed fitting to drink calendula with the new phase of the moon starting. The full blossoms are rather lovely during this time." "Indeed they are," he agreed. "How wonderful that such meaning can be found with the beginning of one, and the end of another." "As with all things, that appears to be the way, Albus," her voice remained steady and quiet, but he caught the undertone of melancholy lingering just below the surface. He could almost feel it, like a tangible presence that had permeated the room. "It is always best not to dwell too much. Stagnancy is the very antithesis to the creative mind, is it not?" he offered, quickly redirecting the conversation with an ease he naturally possessed. "There has been a pattern to your creations, as of late, and I wonder, my dear, if a new beginning may be just the thing you need. Not to discredit your success, of course, but what would you say to exploring a new sensory endeavour?" Polite as ever, he sipped his tea as he paused, not waiting for her to answer his question before continuing. "It is the visual manifestation of your thoughts that lay heavy on your mind, it is there where we can find the remedy." "The mind itself is fickle, Albus, regardless of our own self-awareness and willingness to control it. Our subconscious will not yield; it is its very nature not to do so. No matter how much we wish otherwise." He could see she had thought about it; he was really not too surprised, but nonetheless pleased that she had. He nodded. "It is true, but what I speak of is not complete control, more redirection. In sleep, our subconscious overrides the conscious, what if you reversed it? A potion to implant memory, in effect, to redirect the subconscious thought during sleep. To recreate peace whilst dreaming." She remained silent for a time, her eyes flickering to a particular potion that gently steamed, whilst it simmered under the sun's rays. "Redirection is what you suggest then, Albus?" "For the time being, I believe it is the best course. You have a brilliant mind, my dear, a truly remarkable gift." Her eyes became glossy, and she nodded, obediently reaching for her notebook to begin exploration of her new task. Dumbledore smiled inwardly, pleased with her acceptance. He knew it would not be lasting, but for now, he was content with what he saw as he watched her work. After some time he stood and slowly began to observe more closely her current projects around the room. The copper cauldrons were neat and orderly, bubbling on top of rosewood fires. She was meticulous in every aspect of her potion work, and he felt the multitude of wards surrounding each as he passed. More cauldrons reached back into the room, varying in metals and flames, creating a treasure like quality from the jewel tones projected from each. It was a joy to see such mastery in the flesh and know that he had funded such prosperous work. But the real jewel in the room was Pandora's mind, and he knew there was more that he could obtain from her gifts. He never doubted her potential, and the timing was right for another push down the path he needed her to take. All would be well. He made his way back over to her and gently placed his hand on her shoulder. "I must take my leave, my dear. Do continue on your task, and, please, contact me with your progress. I will wait in anticipation." She glanced at him for a moment, a slight furrow to her brow, before her eyes became glassy once again as she met his twinkling blue gaze. She didn't respond further as she went back to her work. Albus smiled and walked away. ~O~ The meeting with Dumbledore had ignited a flame within Pandora, and she devoted all her time and resources into stabilising her new creation. At times she would alter small things and later be confused why she had taken that course, but chose not to question it. At night, as she was lovingly embraced, ensconced in her husband's arms. She would whisper her thoughts, and he would murmur his pride and unyielding support. It was a comfort to hear his gentle praise, and she cherished those moments, using them as inspiration for what she would direct her dreams to when she began the testing stage of the potion. The final stage of development began, and she added the correct components to make sure the potion would be receptive to females and males alike. Only a mastery in the field allowed one to refine such a technique, and by now she had the correct balance in place. The first test of her creation finally arrived after months of planning, and the beat of her pulse increased at the thought of a peaceful rest. She looked up at her husband and felt her eyelids start to flutter as he gently caressed her skin, easing her into sleep. "You are all that is good and right in this world. You are my happiness," were the last words she heard from his smiling lips before sleep claimed her, and her dream began. The images were shrouded in fog for a time before they slowly became clearer. Little pinpricks of colour merged and collided until they became solid and showed her a place she had never been, and people she had never known. It was startling, and confusion quickly became concern at what she was seeing; something had gone very wrong with the potion. A small boy with black hair and brown eyes sat at a long weather beaten table, eating greying porridge with a well-used spoon. The metal itself was so thin from use it looked as if it would snap in his little hands with just enough pressure. The boy was given a wide berth by the other small children at the table, and the isolated nature of the scene was highlighted even more so by the way his shoulders slumped as he ate. Her throat grew tight at what she saw. It was painfully obvious how unwanted he was, and what was worse that he seemed to be aware of it. The boy finished his meager meal, and as he silently rose, she noticed how he kept the spoon in his small palm twirling it as he made his way along the table. It spun slowly in his hand a few times, before he jerked his wrist, causing the metal to twist and reshape, becoming a fork with sharply pointed ends. It was impressive magic for one so young, and it quickly became apparent that he was aware of the fact. The boy stood taller, straight backed and more confident as he continued for a few steps before pausing at the back of a little blonde haired girl who was still eating her food. His small fist clamped around the fork tighter, his knuckles