Twenty-four years have passed since Katniss Everdeen and the rebels ended Panem's bloody and terrifying revolution. Peace and democracy have been brought to the united country – but all is not well in this new world. A cancer spreads across the wastelands rendered by war, its corruption spreading from the Capitol all the way to lonely District 12. There, Laurel Mellark, daughter of Peeta and Katniss, has known not the Hunger Games nor the crippling affliction of poverty…but even she will not be free from the storm brewing within Panem's heart. And another darkness, one long since forgotten and deemed vanquished, simmers beneath the surface of peace… Excerpt from the Book of Memories The price paid in the first rebellion should have bought peace. Districts 2, 5, and 13 – devastated and destroyed by nuclear fire, left like dead relics in the years after the war. Tens, hundreds of thousands dead – more wounded, scarred, or traumatized. Whole regions of Panem left burned and torched in the final days of the war, as District 13 and the desperate Capitol engaged in a nuclear exchange to destroy each other's forces. This was the price we paid – the price we, the people of Panem, had to suffer through in the years following that horror. Still it wasn't enough. How quickly we forgot what we fought for – sacrificing freedom for the trappings of safety and security all too easily abused by power-hungry leaders we put in charge. How quickly it was that dissent brewed once again in the bellies of Panem's people – yet with no District 13 to ride to the rescue again, who would stand up to the Capitol's resurging tyranny? Who would beat back the horrible things we had created? Why would it take the unlikeliest of heroes to once again save Panem…from itself? District 12 – 24 Years After the Rebellion The fight her parents had known and grown up with was an alien to Laurel Mellark. Unfortunately, it would find her before she could understand it. She was born the youngest child of Panem's two favorite children – twice victors of the Hunger Games and heroes of the recent rebellion that brought democracy to Panem. They named her Laurel – flowering herald of the warm spring, daughter to Katniss and niece to Primrose. Laurel grew up in a District 12 that soon came to recognize what the rebellion had wrought. No idyllic democracy had come to Panem – instead, little had changed far away in the materialistic, power-hungry Capitol. Men and women still starved on the streets of the district; children still knew the pain of hunger. While Katniss and Peeta, Laurel's father, may have reaped the benefits of fame and fortune, their contemporaries far on the outskirts of Panem did not. The cool spring air of April, 24 years after the war died down, brought reflection for 16 year-old Laurel as she knelt on the banks of the woodland pond her mother had once hunted beside. Her reflection shimmered in the refreshing water, morphing and changing in ripples sent up by a frog leaping between lilies. "Laur?" Laurel perked her head up, her blue eyes scanning the woods around her. A tall boy with short-cropped blonde hair and grey eyes pushed past a pine tree – Ash, her brother of 19. His tall stature and bony, long face came from their mother – quite the opposite of Laurel, whose relative shortness, vivid blue eyes, and round face all came from Peeta. "Hey," Laurel pulled her ponytail over her shoulder, turning her eyes back towards the pond. "I'm just…sitting." "Mom told me to come find you," Ash replied, kneeling next to her in the mud of the pond. "Train to District 4's leaving in an hour and a half. Aunt Prim and Lily are already at our place." "I don't really feel like going to District 4," Laurel opined, running her hand through the cool water of the pond. "I don't care about all those people we haven't seen in years." "The Odairs? Or Plutarch?" Ash laughed half-heartedly, looking off into the woods. "Can't say I particularly care for Plutarch either. Why we're supposed to be meeting him there, I dunno…guy's Capitol swine. All that fakeness just reeks off him." "I don't even remember Finnick and Annie," Laurel interjected, her eyes downcast. "Mom and Dad keep talking about them, but I don't want to be paraded around in front of a bunch of Capitol cameras." "Don't remember them?" Ash put a hand on her shoulder, trying to comfort the volatile emotions of his little sister. "They have a son your age – Drake. Don't remember him? When we last saw them six years ago, I remember you and he getting along just fine. Lily certainly liked him." "I was ten. Lily was six." "Hey, just trying to help." Laurel gave a feeble chuckle, staring into the water. She cared about her cousin Lily – Prim's only daughter of unfortunate circumstances. Lily hadn't been intentionally conceived, but Laurel had looked after the demure, 12 year-old blonde girl like a little sister of her own. As for the Odairs…and Drake…she hardly remembered them. Six years in District 12 was virtually an eternity, with little but the district's medical factory and small farms to distract one from the slowness of everyday life. She knew Plutarch, however. The Capitol's spokesperson – right-hand-man to the shadowy President himself – paid too many visits to the Mellark household. Laurel would never feel comfortable around his snake-like voice; his empty promises. He was a man to avoid. "Why can't we just stay here?" Laurel piped up after a minute of silence. "I don't wanna go somewhere else." "You know how it is," Ash replied, a touch of exasperation entering his voice. "Rich people in the Capitol want to see everything Mom and Dad do. We're just stuck in the middle. Can't help that." "It's always going to be like this," Laurel said, leaning against Ash's shoulder. "We're always just going to be their kids. We can't even be ourselves; we have to be whatever they want us to be." "I don't think so," Ash answered truthfully. "Hey, if we want – " A rustling in the brush across from the pond cut him off. Laurel took her head off his shoulder, squinting her eyes to get a better look at the trees. Something was coming – coming through the woods, creeping up on the pond. She didn't have to wait long to find out. The tumor-laced head of a bony, scraggly brown horse poked through the underbrush, its teeth – hewn into points by overuse – bared and braying in the evening air. Even in the darkness, Laurel could make out its rider. A short, stocky man covered only by a loincloth sat atop the animal, his skin blackened by the radiation produced from the old rebellion's final days, when dozens of nuclear weapons flew between the Capitol and District 13 – wiping out Districts 2, 5, and 13 in the process. His eyes bore the scars of that exchange, irises yellowed by age and whites reddened by fire. His black skin was covered in cancerous sores and burn marks. He was a Fury: A man without a homeland, a citizen of the old Panem left nomads by the rebellion Laurel's parents had sparked. They had once been residents of the districts later destroyed in the nuclear fire of the revolution, cast out into the world without friends or countrymen after Panem declared peace. Now, without love, allies, or even recognition, the Furies roamed the nuclear-torn wastes of Panem between districts as roving bandits, occasionally destroying trains and attacking the outskirts of villages with unbridled rage. Few were ever left alive to see them…and one had stumbled right into defenseless Ash and Laurel. " Chelovek! " the Fury shouted in the language adopted by his abandoned people, raising a crude blade above his head. " Ubit! Ubit!" Laurel froze, her mouth agape. One moment she'd been opening up to her brother – the next, a horrifying demon of the wastelands had taken off across the pond, circling on the legs of a terrifying beast as fast he could come. "Laurel! Run!" Ash grabbed her hand before she could move a muscle, dragging her through the woods as the horseman closed. Laurel's legs obeyed instinctively, carrying her along at a breakneck pace. Trees whipped past her face as she ran through the woods she knew all too well, haunted by the war cries of the Fury somewhere behind her. She had to make it home – just make it home, and maybe somehow the thing would leave her. Furies wouldn't dare attack a whole district, would they – even District 12 had a small compliment of armed Peacekeepers. She and Ash broke through the final line of trees before the edge of District 12's meadow, where the old electric fence now stood unpowered and welcoming their retreat. What confronted them wasn't safety and security, however. Homes on the edge of the old Seam burned with red and yellow flames as screams echoed in the air. In the distance, Laurel could spot several other horsemen racing upon their diseased mounts, ransacking District 12 for whatever they could find. "C'mon!" Ash shouted at her before she could absorb the scene. "We gotta find Mom and Dad. We have to get out of here." "Where are we going to go?!" Laurel panicked, nearly hysterical by the sight as her hands fluttered. "They're…they're…" "We don't have a choice !" Ash shook her shoulder violently. "Just follow me – now! " Laurel took off without further questioning her brother. The Fury behind them was nowhere in sight, but acrid smoke filled her lungs as she raced across the meadow the two of them had played in as kids – now reduced to a field of sorrow as they scrambled to avoid the crisis befalling District 12. The stars Laurel idolized were shrouded by the flames, reduced to pinpricks of light in the fiery halo of burning buildings. " Laurel! Ash! " A male tenor cut through the commotion and smoke as Laurel pounded her way across the meadow. Sprinting through a column of smoke and carrying a long knife came a tall, blonde-haired man in his earl forties – Peeta Mellark, her father and still-spry victor of the Hunger Games. The reflection of the fires danced in his gray eyes as he spotted his children, rushing towards them without a second thought. Laurel wasted no time, rushing into his arms before she could even think. Peeta held her tight for a moment before pushing her along. "Train's waiting," he panted, his voice straining with exertion. "We're going to get out of here if they haven't destroyed it yet. The Peacekeepers are all stationed there." "What's going on?!" Ash demanded, his eyes alight as Laurel looked on. "How are they just running through the place? They've never done this before!" "Can't underestimate Furies," Peeta grimaced. "Don't know. Maybe they've organized somehow. We don't have time to think about it, however – we've got to go. Stick with your sister; stay behind me and – " He was cut off by the arrival of another horseman – a short, bloated fellow riding atop a cancerous steed. The Fury bellowed out a roar, holding out a war hammer aloft and preparing to charge – Twang! An arrow impaled the Fury straight through the eye, sending him flying off his mount. A second arrow shot the diseased horse in the head, sticking through its cranium and downing the frenzied beast. Shrouded by a backdrop of fire, Katniss Everdeen held her bow aloft with a third arrow notched and ready to fire. "Peeta!" she shouted over the din. "Do you have them?" "Yeah!" he returned. "We gotta go." Laurel grabbed Katniss's outstretched hand, her legs sprinting as fast as they could go as her