I don't own Percy or his friends. I tried to keep the OC's to a minimum, but it was hard due to the nature of the plot. Ignore The Trials of Apollo. (I haven't read it yet anyways). Yes, I shamelessly copied some of the original dialogue in Blood of Olympus. Sorry Time is different in magical places. The Lotus Casino felt like two months for Nico and Bianca di Angelo, but actually was seventy years. Tartarus felt like eternity for Percy and Annabeth, but it was but a few days. Ogygia was somewhat of a cross between the two. It was Calypso's home, and prison. It was heaven and hell rolled into one luxurious island. Calypso looked up at the sky, and it remained the same as it always had been, blue, partially cloudy, and with good wind. Calypso sighed; it was the perfect weather, but she wanted it to change. She wanted something new, and above all, she wanted to leave Ogygia. Alas, she could not. It was her curse to remain on the island, and fall in love with every hero that passed through. Sometimes the heroes loved her back, like Odysseus, but he could never stay. Suddenly she heard a distinct metallic sound, as if wings made of metal were flapping right above her. She looked and saw a huge dragon, and on its back was the scrawniest, most annoying son of Hephaestus she had fallen in love with, Leo Valdez. He flew over her beach and started whooping so loud, they probably heard him down in Erebus. As he tried to land, The dragon crashed into the ocean, dropping Leo into water, and making him eat seaweed. Calypso smirked. "You're late." Leo grinned and said, "Sorry, Sunshine Traffic was murder." After a conversation with Leo, she sat on Festus's back, and Leo lead the dragon away. Away from Ogygia, and away from what was once her home. Calypso flew into an exciting and dangerous world, one she hadn't seen in a few millenniums. She was silently scared, but she had trust in Leo. After all, he had found her twice, a feat not even the greatest of heroes had managed. Perhaps, she thought, she didn't need the greatest of heroes. Maybe she just needed a Leo. Hazel could not stop the tears from flowing. Neither could the rest of the seven, but Hazel had an especially hard time. She felt as if though it were her fault. She complied with Leo's plan that had gotten him killed. She rested her head on Frank's shoulder. She could not watch as Nyssa and her cabin-mates brought out the chain link metal shroud. Nyssa had told her that in Cabin Nine, the shrouds were almost always different. The chain link went to those in the Cabin who had heroically sacrificed themselves, as opposed to falling in battle. In her life, she had only burned two. One belonged to Charles Beckendorf, and the other to Leo Valdez. The Romans stood by their Greek counterparts, and watched respectfully, as the empty shroud burned, dissolving into the air. Hazel wept. There wasn't even a body. The funeral took two weeks after Leo's actual death. The reparations and rogue monsters still inside the boundaries took time to cleanse. Hazel and Nico figured that would've been enough time for Leo to cross the Styx, and have been judged, and put into Elysium. Nico agreed to search for Leo in Elysium, but when he didn't find him there he was confused. He asked the guards to search for Leo in the line to judgement, and even E-Z Death, but to no avail. In desperation he searched DOA Recording Studios. His spirit was nowhere to be found. Nico even asked his father if he knew where Leo was, but Hades gave him a curt reply. "I do not keep track of every death in the world, child. I am sorry you lost your friend, but I cannot have you running around and searching for a hero in the Underworld. All I know is that there haven't been any demigods in Asphodel, because they all wen back to the mortal world." "But, Leo couldn't have gone back, Father! He died, and I felt it." "Perhaps he is in the Fields," Hades snarled. He was the King. He had important businesses to attend to, he could not waste time entertaining this whim of his son's. Nico returned to the mortal world, bearing the bad news that he couldn't find Leo anywhere. "Can't you summon him to this world?" Percy asked. Nico had gathered the rest of the Seven, plus Grover, Reyna, and Rachel. Nico shook his head. "After I summoned my mother, Father forbade me from summoning spirits for a year, at the very least. Besides, I need to know where to summon him from . He is not in Asphodel, Elysium, or the Fields. He's not even on line. The only explanation is that he didn't die, which is impossible, or that he went for rebirth." "That makes sense," Rachel spoke. They all looked at her with surprise. "What?" Rachel said defensively, "look, he made a vow, didn't he? A vow to return to Ogygia." Piper and Hazel nodded, and Piper asked "How did you know?" "Duh, I'm the Oracle. Anyways, if Leo couldn't complete his vow in this lifetime, perhaps he went for rebirth, looking to complete his vow in the next, or the one after that." Nico nodded along. "That makes sense, but it's risky. I've heard stories of people who went for rebirth and made a vow on the Styx they couldn't complete. The vow is still held against them in judgement, even if they have no memory of it." "What does that mean for Leo," Piper asked. Nico shrugged. Over the next few days, Hazel was too subdued. Piper and Jason mourned their friend. Percy and Annabeth mourned too, but they eventually moved on. Frank was on the same page as Hazel. Initially, he had resented Leo. Now he felt as though a piece of him died in the explosion as well. He felt partially responsible for Leo's death, but Hazel felt more than he did. Eventually she accepted Leo's death, and celebrated him as a hero, the savior of Olympus, of h=demigods and heroes, and of the world. Most of all though, Hazel celebrated him as a friend, as the great grandson of Sammy, who had brought light and humor, into her otherwise humorless world. The world would remember Leo Valdez. Chiron walked the length of the beach another time. He felt a sense of foreboding, as if another trial was coming his way. He drew is bow and notched an arrow in it. Suddenly, with alls the power his horse leg could muster, he ran. He ran so fast that the earth seemed to bend around him. At top speed, he let his arrow fly as he passed the archery range. He didn't look, but it het the red spot exactly in the middle. He made it to the Big House where a camper was waiting for him. He kneeled out of respect, even though Chrion had forbidden him from doing so. "Sir, I received reports of a threat on the boundaries of the camp, so I went to check it out myself. Chiron, the monster, it was huge. It has wings of Celestial Bronze, and it breathes fire. It looks like on of Hephaestus's automatons, but it has two riders." Chiron paled. "It ccan't be," he muttered, "he died. I saw him...we all saw him die." The hero stood up, looking at Chiron expectantly. "What are our orders sir?" "Wait. let the rider land, and keep your weapons at the ready, but do not fire. I wish to speak to this rider. Call Mr. D. I know he only has a few decades left on his sentence, and he'll, be grumpy about it, but tell him it is a matter of the upost importance. He will understand. Go, Mr. Jackson." The hero stood up and followed his orders exactly. He called Dionysus out to the field where the dragon had landed, and met with Chiron. "Who is he Chiron? What are you not telling me?" "You should know, young one, that I confided in your mother almost everything. Now I realized that perhaps I should've let her find out for herself. Maybe the future would've been different." "You know I hate when you're so cryptic." "Just watch, little hero." The camper watched as a scrawny little boy fell of the great drgon that stood in front of him, and the most beautiful girl he had ever seen followed en suite. She had flowing red hair and almond eyes, and pale skin. She wore an Ancient Greek chiton which ended just below her knees, and was held up by a belt made of silver and gold. The scrawny dwarf-kid grinned maniacally and called out. "Behold! The Great Leo Valdez returns. I expect revelries of the most epic proportions." Chrion took a step back, as if the kid had shot him between the eyes. The campers held their bowstrings and swords tighter, awaiting orders. When Leo did not get a reaction, he scanned the crowd, and spotted Chiron. He made his way towards him but was stopped by two armed campers. Chiron held up his hand, signaling for the warriors to lower their weapons. Chr\iron inched his way towards Leo. "Is that really you my boy?" Leo nodded. "Of Course it is! Who else would it be? Now, where are Piper, Jason, Hazel, and them? I want to introduce them to Calypso." Calypso waved her hand timidly. Chiron looked at Leo as if he hadn't seen him on a century. Leo dismissed this. He had expected some time to pass. He looked at the camper next to Chiron. "Hey, you look a bit like my friend Percy," Leo said. He didn't notice him tense as he said the hero's name. "Are you another son of Poseidon or something? Maybe you know where he is. Who are you by the way?" "The camper hesitated, then he spoke. "I'm Paul Jackson. I was named for my fathers step father. It seems as though you know...knew him." Leo blanched. The usage of the past tense did not pass him. He had expected time to pass. He left Ogygia as quickly as possible so that not too much time would pass. He expected a few months, maybe years, but this... Leo turned to Chiron. "Are they...was I too late? How...how, how, how?" Leo kept on repeating that. Calypso made her way towards Leo, and tried to soothe him. "Perhaps," Chiron finally spoke, "we should talk at the Big House." At that moment, Dionysus angrily grumbled his way to the crowd accumulated at the area that he was summoned to. When he saw Leo, Dionysus shuddered. "You, it's impo-impo-impossible," the god stuttered. "You died in a fiery inferno. We couldn't find your body! The largest piece recovered was a badly burnt eyeball, and that belonged to the Roman suicide bomber!" The other campers were evidently confused by Dionysus's rambling. They knew he was talking about the war with Gaea, but they learned the story like they would read the stories of ancient heroes. They laughed, cried, and rooted for their favorite characters, but it never felt real to them. They never experienced it. Only a handful of them even met veterans from the old battle. Paul knew, because he was the offspring of two veterans. He knew every horrifying, grotesque detail of the war. He was glad not to have witnessed the Titan War, and the Giant war. Everybody was frozen in their respective places, so the young legacy took initiative. He moved forward, grabbed Leo and Calypso by the arm and led them to the Big House. Chiron in Dionysus followed. He instructed Cabin Nine to take care of the dragon. It was obviously an