So I know what you all are thinking "Why do you keep deleting your stories when they're not finished?" Here's what's going on, ever since the beginning of June I was thinking about this story right here. I know it's been a long time but there were some days that I didn't touch these chapters for four days straight because I have my kids, but I did the best I could. I didn't want to write the first chapter and send it out unless I was completely sure that I wanted you all to read it. So I wrote this chapter right here and then realized, why don't a write a bunch of chapters and have them pre-written for you guys so I am able to upload them twice a week, or maybe even once a week, I haven't decided yet. So what I did was write the first ten chapters, I'm thinking to make this story possibly fifteen or maybe even twenty chapters, well have to see how the story plays out in my head. The story I just deleted was just something to keep you guys happy but now that I've finished the ten chapters I want to release this story for you guys to enjoy. Sorry about the long delay I forgot my sign-in and it took me ages to retrieve it and thank god that I finally remembered it! I hope you enjoy it and thank you for always sticking with me in my stories, you guys are honestly the best, enjoy! -Ana Song to enjoy while reading this: X Ambassadors / Renegades Chapter 1 Bella High school sucked, it was not a fun place, and it wasn't a place I enjoyed. Guaranteed it was mostly because I had no friends but what was I to do? It was my senior year, and it was coming to an end very soon and I couldn't be happier. The saddest part of my day would have to be lunch, sitting alone at the furthered table from everyone. Today I decided that I would change it up and go sit outside, we had a grassy hill outside our school and I took my lunch and went and sat down at the top. To say I was bored sitting alone was an understatement, I had no one to talk to and it's not like I could talk at home. Dad was always bugging me about school and Mom was usually at work or whatever. "Hey!" I jumped when someone slammed down next to me; I looked at the small pixie like girl with the dark bob framing her face. "Alice Cullen." She held out her hand for me to shake and I did. "Bella Swan," I mumbled pulling my hand away from her. "So I'm having this party," Alice smiled "to celebrate us seniors graduating. You should come." "Um-I've never met you before." I admitted. "We have Calculus together, I sit in way back I see you in the front…everyday." Oh, I felt shitty that I didn't know who she was but I honestly just kept to myself. "Why are you inviting me, we've never spoken before." "It's a party for everyone, so everyone should be invited. Here-" Alice thrust a piece of paper into my hands "that's my address it's going to be casual, like a bonfire and some drinks. I would come over around eight-thirty." "Oh," I looked down at the paper at her address; her house wasn't far from mine. "Okay." "Cool, see you there Bella." Alice smiled at me and skipped away. / After school I drove home and wasn't surprised when I found out my mom had went out of town. She was a lawyer; a good was too and was always traveling. My dad usually never came home until nine; he owned a lot of businesses in town. I'm not going to sit here and say we didn't have money, because we did. We had the nice cars, a maid and even had someone come cook for us sometimes, I hated it. I wanted simple, and simple was something my family was not. I quickly dropped my book bag in the living room and walked into the kitchen, the house was silent so I hooked my phone up to the Bluetooth speaks that ran through the house. I danced around to Here by Alessia Cara and made myself a grilled cheese. I liked being home alone, it was my time to dance and be free. My parents were so overbearing and I loved when they were away. I finished making my sandwich and grabbed a bag of barbeque chips and went out the back door to sit in one of the lounge chairs that faced our in ground pool. As I sat and ate there were many thoughts going through my head. What do I wear? How do I act? Do I drink? I've never had alcohol before. I huffed and pushed my empty plate away and pulled the big bag of chips closer to me. I didn't even know how to do makeup, the best was I could curl my hair…Kind of. I cleaned up and grabbed a Coke from the fridge and took my book bag upstairs to my room. Against my parent's wishes I repainted my room a light grey, not the pink my mom wanted. It was big, my room with two large windows that faced the front yard, my room was messy but it was my messy. My room was my safe place, it had my artwork on the wall, I loved to draw it was something that brought me so much happiness. I was great at my violin too but I didn't want to go to school for it, my dad wanted me too. What he wanted, he got. Charles Swan couldn't have a daughter go to school for art, no that was a disappointment. I flopped down on my big bed that was covered by my favorite navy blue comforter and sighed. I could feel my eyes fill with tears, if I had friends they could help me get ready, if my mom even cared about anything other then work and Church maybe I'd know how to do my makeup. I decided to stop wallowing and went into my big bathroom and changed the song on the Bluetooth to All Time Low by Jon Bellion and stripped down and got into the shower. After washing and shaving I shut the water off and wrapped a towel around myself. What to wear was the issue, I went on my laptop to Google what girls wore when going to parties but I didn't have half those clothes. I did have a grey cotton crop tank top, I went and dug that out of my dresser. Next was jeans, I had a white pair of ripped high waist skinny jeans and threw those on my bed after looking for twenty minutes in my clothes for them. I wasn't going to wear any fancy shoes so I just decided to wear my high top converse. Wrapping a robe around my body I walked back into the bathroom and began the long process of blow-drying my hair. Once I finished that it was around five-thirty, I went back downstairs and grabbed myself water. Through the big glass doors leading towards the backyard I could see straight to our neighbors yard, a couple and their teenage daughter lived there, she was sixteen, her name was Lizzie, she went to my school. From where I was I could see her outside jumping into the pool with her boyfriend, kissing him when they would surface for air. I wondered if I'd ever have that? I went back to my room and laid down in bed, was I crazy for going to this party? I had never been to a party, didn't speak to anyone that was going to be and know I'd be left alone. "You need to take risks Bella." I said to myself while I starred up at the ceiling "You're a big girl, you're going to go do your hair, get dressed and go to that party." I did as I told myself and went into my bathroom, sat in front of my vanity and for an hour I tried my best to curl my long wavy locks into a nice wave, kind of. My cell phone rang from my room and I dashed to grab it. "Hello?" " Isabella, it's dad." My father Charlie said through the phone, did it not know I had caller ID? "Yeah I know," I laughed. " Oh yeah, okay well I got some exciting news about a new contract that I have to go finalize in Texas, I'll be gone for a few days." Great, Mom and Dad both gone. "You'll be back my Sunday though right? You and Mom both?" "Unfortunately I wont be back until Tuesday, the same with you Mother." I felt tears fill my eyes Sunday was my eighteenth birthday. "Okay," I said choking back my tears "it's whatever." I mumbled wiping at my eyes "I have to go I have some homework to finish." "Alright love bug, keep up the good work. See you Tuesday," "Yup." I whispered ending the call and tossing my phone on my bed. I wiped at my face and gathered myself; I have a party to get ready for. / Once nine rolled around and I checked myself over I finally felt ready. I grabbed the keys to my dads Mercedes because I was really fucking pissed at both him and my mom. I knew where Alice's house was, it was about ten minutes away and the biggest house on the street, but it had a dark vibe to it. The street was filled with cars and once I finally found a spot I climbed out of the far and made my way to the house. From the front door I could hear the music blaring from the inside. I opened the door and I was amazed, Alice's house was gorgeous. I was huge and the ceilings were beautiful going so high up, it was way more beautiful then my house. The whole house was cluttered with people and I knew some of these people didn't go to our High School. "Bella!" I saw Alice emerge from a group in the middle of the living room "I didn't think you could come-damn you look hot, you're so skinny." She placed her hands on my hips. "Thanks," I mumbled giving her a small smiled. "First party?" She shouted because the music was too loud. I nodded yes "Let's go get you a drink." She grabbed my hand and dragged me to a keg and told the boy standing there to give her two cups. Once finished she turned to me and kept one for herself and gave one to me. I took a sip and cringed, it wasn't bad but it wasn't good either. A boy, who looked a little older then us with blonde hair walked over and wrapped Alice in his arms and kissed her deeply. He was taller then her and it was cute when he picked her up to deepen the kiss even more. "Jasper," Alice giggled when he set her down "this is Bella, she goes to school with me. It's her first party." "Awesome," Jasper smiled "I'm Jasper Hale, Alice's boyfriend." "Jasper just graduated from NYU, law degree." Alice smiled. Jasper was attractive very tall, build and the most amazing blue eyes, and he seemed nice. He was old for Alice but who was I to judge, I didn't even know the girl. "That's amazing, are you going to take the bar?" I asked. "Nah, I've got a nice job with Alice's dad so I think I'll just do that for right now." Alice elbowed him in the stomach. "Sorry." "Enough about Jasper," Alice took my hand "Wanna dance?" I