Warnings: Adult language and lemons also threesomes and m/m slash Beta: Chandranka Fanfiction and SarcasticBimbo A.N. Same as always, I don't own shit! This is for my kick ass pre-reader Jennifer K, she wanted more so yeah she got more! I hope y'all like it! The sound of my gun always calms me and today is no different. As I sit in the shop, working on one monster of a back piece, I drown out all other sounds but the one that my gun makes. I just wish I could drown out my mother's words from earlier in the day. It's not like I don't want a relationship, it's just hard to find one that fits my needs and wants. And you can kiss my ass if you think I am going to be pretending just to make someone else happy. Fuck that! My mother's words come back to me again. "You need to stop being so damn greedy and just pick a sex and stay with it. For Christ's sake, I want grandbabies and I don't give a damn if they are adopted with a boyfriend or shot out of a girlfriend's snatch." I chuckled at her words and raised my hands to reply to her but she was having none of it. "No, put those hands down and listen to me, son. You have to settle down soon or I am going to die without any grandbabies! You don't want that, do you?" she told me. Yeah, no one can guilt ya quite like Esme Cullen can, and when she wants something, she doesn't let up until she gets it. I am brought out of my head by the sound of Rose's harsh voice. "You can forget it, girl, he won't give you the time of day no matter how hard you stare at him. Now, do you want something besides what's in Edward's pants?" I have to pull my gun away from this guy's back because I'm laughing at what Rose said and I really don't want to mess up the work that I am doing. He turns and smirks at me; guess he heard them too. Looking up and in the direction of Rose's voice, I see what can only be described as my wet dream come to life. There stood this tall and slightly muscular guy with blonde hair that was spiked on top and buzzed all around the sides. His eyes are bright blue and his lips are so full and look like they would fit perfectly wrapped around my dick as I fucked his mouth. His jeans are slung low on his hips and I can see ink all along the bottom part of his stomach where the black shirt has ridden up and no longer meets his jeans. My pants start to tighten so I look at the chick that he is with; it doesn't help any since she is looking at me with hungry, lusty, big brown eyes. She has her full, plump bottom lip sucked into her mouth and is biting down on it like she is trying to stop herself from speaking whatever it is that is running through her mind. I rake my eyes further down, only to stop at the color that is peeking out from under her shirt along her collar bones. Fuck yes, I love chicks with ink and I don't mean tramp stamps. Her tits are huge and look great in her tight tied-up t-shirt. Her hips are big and look like they are a perfect handful to grab while I fuck her from behind. She is not what you would call a skinny girl by any means and I love that. Hell, that is why most of the time I date dudes. I don't want to fuck with stick and bones; I like a little meat to bite into. That and big girls are freaks. I must have been lost in thought a little too long because the guy that is on my table clears his throat and asks me if we can finish this soon since he has a date to get to. I nod and then sign "Sorry, man!" to him before getting back to work. It only takes me another 30 minutes before I finish up. I wipe down my work station before getting up and going to see who is next. When I make it to the counter, the sexy as sin couple is still here and it looks like they are fighting over something. Looking left to Rose, I see her just shaking her head and walking to the back. I smirk then knock on the countertop with my knuckles to get their attention. When they both look up at me with lust in their hungry eyes, my forced smirk turns into a real smile. Now here is the tricky part of every meeting for me since I can't speak. I raise my hands and sign, "Hi, can I help you guys with something?" Most people don't know shit and have no clue as to what I am doing, much less saying, so they freak out and yell before I can grab the white board. But not these two; no, they just smile bigger, glance at each other with a crazy wide-eyed look, then look back at me. The girl raises her hand and, much to my surprise, signs back to me. "Hi! Yes, I want to get a tat, of course. I mean, why else would I be here?" She shakes her head like it's silly to her to come in here and not get a tat. I love how sweet and soft her voice sounds and can't be thankful enough that she talks while she signs. "God, Bella, stop rambling!" She signs but I don't think that she even knows that she is doing it because she sounds louder and upbeat when she continues. "Ok, so I want a back piece, but I know that it will take a while, that is if you agree, and after you finish drawing it up and after I make sure it's perfect. Anyway, if you think you are interested then I would love to sit and talk to you about it and see if you can help me out. If not, it's cool. This is the fourth place we have been at, so don't feel bad if you don't want to do it." When she finally finishes her little speech, she then drops her hands and bites her lip like she is just waiting for me to shut her down, too. That is not going to be happening, though, not in this lifetime. No, fuck that; I can't wait to get my hands all over her, even if they will be covered in latex gloves. I turn to the dude she is with and cock my eyebrow at him, silently asking what his deal is and if he wants something, too. He just shakes his head no then tips it to the left at the chick, Bella, like I should just deal with her first, so I do. Turning back to Bella, I nod then ask, "Do you have a picture or drawing of what you want? Or is it more that you have an idea and you want me to draw it out for you to see?" I sign to her, almost as an afterthought, just in case she missed it. "The answer is yes to the back piece, in case you didn't get it from my questions just now." Bella gets this big ass smile on her face and does this jumpy clap thing that makes her very large tits bounce all over and I want her to do it again just so I can watch that over and over. Fuck, I could have so much fun with those. I wonder if they are together or just friends? I will have to feel them out and if they are single then I am going for it; I don't care which one ends up in my bed just as long as it is one of them. I smile and nod my head in the direction of my station so we can talk about what she wants on her back. "Well, come on back and have a seat, sweetness." I wink and then lead them back. After getting everyone comfortable, I pull out some paper and drawing pencils and then look up at her to see what she wants. I just hope it wasn't some stupid fucking thing that I would hate doing. She raises her hand to sign again. I almost stop her and let her know that I can hear perfectly fine, I just can't speak due to the accident—my vocal cords are too damaged to work properly anymore—but I decide not to, just to see what they really think of my work as I draw it out. "Ok, well, I want a hibiscus tree with bright pink flowers and teal blue butterflies flying all around it. Maybe even some purple ones, too. But at the bottom of the tree, where the roots go down, I want it to look like they are digging into my skin and making it impossible for it to ever be uprooted. Does that make sense or am I coming off crazy?" I smile at her so she won't be nervous and sign, "No, I actually really like what you have going on here. Just give me a few minutes to draw it out and see if you like what I can do." When I finish talking, I bend over the table and get to drawing, but not before hearing her say, "Oh, I am sure I will like any and everything that you can do." I don't respond to her last words and just work, even as I feel both sets of eyes following my every move. After about ten minutes, I hear something that about makes me cum in my pants. "Hey, Jasper, you remember that time when we broke up in junior year of college?" Bella asks the guy, who I guess is Jasper. "Yeah, what about it? Why in the fuck would you bring that up now?" he asks her back, sounding pissed and hurt at the same time. Hell, I know I would be but I say nothing and keep working. "Well, I was just thinking about how you told me that you slept with some guy after drinking way too much and I was wondering if you liked it. I mean, if you liked it and wanted to do that again, then as your girlfriend I would need to be ok with that, right?" Bella tells him, and I have to say that she definitely has my attention now. He slept with a dude? Hell yeah; I don't care how drunk you are, that shit doesn't happen unless you want it to, and it sounds to me like he wanted to. "Fuck, Bella, are we really going to talk about this as we sit here and wait for him to draw up your tattoo?" Jasper asks, and now he sounds pissed more than anything. "Well, yeah, why not, Jasper? No one is around and he can't hear us, so yeah, I want to know. Were you the one taking or the one giving? And I want to know if you liked it? I won't be pissed, I swear. I just want to know," she asks again and, by now, hell, even I want to know. Jasper sits up and turns to her so he can look her right in the eyes. "You want to know, fine, I will tell you. When that happened, Garrett fucked the hell out of me. He shoved his big hard cock so deep into my ass that I came all over his fucking bed and, yeah, I liked it! I liked it a hell of a lot but I fucking love