Header: Contest entry for Lyrics to Life Contest Title: I Run to You Name: TwiSagaLover Pairing: Carlisle/Edward Rating: M Word Count: 3414 Beta/Pre-reader: Chandrakanta ~Beta JENIK & Loopy Lou ~ Pre Readers Song:Matt Nathanson - Run watch?v=UCAjhAVLR9I or watch?v=bF31ZhYnhcA Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary : It might be right, it might be wrong, but one thing is for certain… Carlisle just can't stay away from Edward, the stunningly beautiful young tattoo artist. It was a cold, wet, and dreary Thursday night that changed my world forever. I was walking home from my father's house after having dinner with him and his new wife, thinking about what he said about me needing to find someone, settle down and start a family. It's not that I am opposed to that—hell, I love kids and want them—so I would love nothing more than to do so as soon as possible. The thing is, I will never be with a woman in order to get them. I haven't been with a woman in over 20 years and I don't plan to start up again any time soon, not even to please my father. Hell, I am not even sure that would please him; it seems to me that nothing and no one really ever did, no matter what that person did. I'm not sure how long I was walking when it started to snow, but by the time that I came out of my thoughts I was so cold I was shivering and my teeth were starting to chatter together. Rubbing my glove-covered hands up and down my arms, I turned my head slightly to the right, trying to not get snow in my eyes and saw a sign hanging from an awning of a run down old building that read BE BOLD. That was it, just those two words in big black block letters with a deep red background; it was strangely beautiful in its simplicity and made me wonder what kind of place it was and, since I was freezing, I decided to head in and see for myself. When I walked in, it wasn't what I expected at all. There were six tables set up randomly throughout the space with a few people walking about, no more than twenty, so it wasn't busy. One wall was filled with books all the way down; the other side had some amazing pictures that looked like artwork in black wooden frames, but as I walked closer I could tell that they were photographs of tattoos. I turned to look back at the middle of the room only to notice then that the tables that were set up were, in fact, tattoo tables that turned into chairs as well. Before I could totally and completely freak the fuck out and make a run for the door to leave as fast as I came in, this stunningly beautiful boy walked in from the back. He had to be around 6'3" with long shoulder length brownish-bronze hair perfectly framing his gorgeous face and, dear god, it looked so soft. He sported bright green eyes and a smile that made me think that he was up to no good, enticing me to do dirty things to him. He wore a long sleeved t-shirt that fitted him like he had a second skin—I could see that he had an eight-pack going on—and a pair on low-slung, very well-worn light blue jeans that were being held up by a ridiculously big belt; they had what looked like paint, or maybe it was ink, in different colored drops all over them. I know I was standing there staring, but who could really blame me? This man standing on the other side on the room was the most beautiful sight I had ever seen and I didn't think I had ever been this turned on in my life from just looking at someone. He looked around the room, glancing over me before doing a double take and looking back my way before he broke out into a slightly crooked smile that looked like he was really smirking at me—you know, where one side went up more than the other. His eyes lit up as he took me in from my black shiny dress shoes to the suit I was still in from work, and it looked like he was very pleased with what he saw; that made me ridiculously happy for some reason. He bit his lip and nodded to himself like he had come to some sort of agreement then turned back to the front of the room and began to speak. "Ok, let's get this tattoo party started. You all know the drill, find a table and hop on," he said and everyone immediately began to move to where they were supposed to be. He walked over to what looked like a sound system; music started playing and then he pulled all that lovely hair up into a ponytail, probably to keep it out of his eyes. I had no idea what the music was but everyone else seemed to like it well enough, then he walked over to the table in the far corner of the room and sat down. I had no idea what possessed me to do so but I walked over to his table and stood watching him work on person after person; we would lock eyes after every one one of them got up off the table. He would look me up and down while biting the corner of his lip, chewing it a little bit, and then shake his head back and forth before starting to work on the next person. They all got the same thing, which I thought was really odd, because who would want to get the same thing in the same spot as everybody else in the room? The question must have been on my face because the guy getting the tat on his forearm started telling me about one of their best friends who was just the best person they'd ever known—a man who'd been friends with every person he'd met—had passed away and this was in remembrance of him. Now it made perfect sense for them to be doing so, and just as I was going to tell him, I heard a voice that was unexpected but welcome nonetheless. "Dr. Cullen, is that you? What are you doing here? Who told you about us coming to get Jake's tat?" Bella fired off question after question before I could even answer the first one. Smiling at her, I opened my arms to let her know I wanted my hug now, like I would every time I had seen her in the hospital. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw that sexy man tilt his head like he was trying to keep us in hearing range yet still work at the same time. "No, my sweet girl, I had no knowledge that this was for Jake or that you would be here. I was just walking around after yet another horrible dinner with my father. I was so lost in my thoughts that I hadn't even realized that it started to snow and that I was all but frozen from the inside out. When I saw that beautiful sign outside I decided to duck in here and see if I could warm up for a bit. But now that I know what is going on, do you think someone could add me to the list? I want one as well, in honor of Jake who may be gone but will never be forgotten," I told her and she started to sob in my arms. "I swear, Carl, the second you decide you want that baby, with or without a partner, I will be more than happy to do that for you, just like we talked about. I know Jake would be happy about it too. We talked about it all the time. Now no more sad talk, let's see if Edward here can tat you," Bella told me, and I was shocked that she would offer to not only carry and give me a baby but tell that whenever I was ready so was she. She was truly an amazing person, just like Jake was; he will be missed by many. "Sure, I am done with my six guys, so I can do him now," this husky deep voice said and it did nothing to help the hard on that I had. I turned to look at the guy sitting to our right, trying way too hard to look like he wasn't listening in on our private conversation. Raising my eyebrow, I gave him the look that I used to let someone know I meant business, silently letting him know that he was caught. He ducked his head down and looked up at me through his lashes and in a voice that was soft yet seductive he whispered, "I'm sorry. I just couldn't help it." He then proceeded to bite his lip, all the while still looking up at me through those long lashes of his. Fuck, I wanted this man so damn bad and if didn't stop I would have no choice but to drag him back to my place and do some very dirty things to him. The look on my face must have given me away because he smirked before turning to get his supplies together. Bella nudged me, tilting her head in Edward's direction while giving me a bright smile; I guess she could see that we were both looking at each other with hungry eyes so I smiled and gave her a slight nod to let her know that, yes, I liked him well enough but it's not like we had talked much. Hell, he was probably already taken, not that I could blame someone for snatching him up. Bella started to jump up and down, clapping her hands and exclaiming, "Yes, yes, yes, yes! This is just perfect! Oh, I think I am going to cry. You guys have a good night and don't do anything Jake wouldn't do." She then left with everyone else, so that it was just me and this amazingly sexy young man. When I turned back around he was looking at me like he was waiting for me to make the next move, but I wasn't sure what move I should make. We just stared at each other until I came to the realization that nothing would happen and I should just go with the flow and be as open and honest as possible. "Well, why don't we get started on this tattoo of mine. I could really use a drink after the night I have had. By the way, I am Carlisle," I told him as I walked to his table and sat down. "Hey, I know Bella didn't really introduce us, but I'm Edward," he said after a brief pause while sticking out his hand to shake mine. His hands were warm with a few calluses but his grip was nice and firm, which immediately made me think of other things that I wanted him to grip firmly. We both just held the other's hand while our eyes locked and the tension grew before he finally pulled away. "Can you roll up your sleeve, please? Thanks. So, tell about how shitty this dinner of yours was; I heard you say something about your dad," Edward inquired as he prepared his station for me. And when the needle of his gun first hit my skin I gasped at first touch then swore. I could feel the buzz all the way to my bones. It was very eriotic that this painful experience could also be so pleasurable at the same time; I can tell why people become addicted! Edward talked and asked questions as he