CHAPTER ONE The bell above the shop door jingled as a boy pushed it open and stepped out into the warm July afternoon. His cousin stepped up beside him, and they squinted out at the stifling hot city of London. They had the same nose, and were dressed in similar clothing, but there the resemblance ended. One was tall, blond, and overweight, though he wasn't nearly the size he'd been the year before. His companion was short, dark-haired, and while skinny, was also doing better than he had. Their names were Harry Potter and Dudley Dursley, and they were wizards. They shuffled away from the door, already dabbing sweat from their faces with their sleeves, and Harry drew two popsicles from his grocery bag. One was passed to Dudley, who adjusted his grip on his bag and took it gratefully. "That's everything, then?" he asked, voice a little muffled as he opened the wrapping with his teeth. "Should be," said Harry, sounding not in the least bit inclined to hunt through his pockets for the shopping list. He paused momentarily to unwrap his popsicle, then caught up to his cousin. "It's not like we can't go back later if we forgot something. Want to try writing again while we watch Merlin?" "Sure," said Dudley, a little half-heartedly. Merlin was, in theory, a cat. It belonged to their neighbor, Giulia Parander, who was majoring in Arithmancy at the London Institute of Wizardry. Dudley and Harry had taken up pet-sitting for her during her long class days for a bit of pocket money, and spent half their time coming up with theories about Merlin's heritage. It was, at least, the correct size for a cat, polka-dotted fur aside. The previous year, the elder Dursleys had separated, and Petunia had secured an apartment in London. What she hadn't mentioned to her son and nephew was the fact that the complex was owned by a witch, and the rest of the tenants were squibs, students at the Institute, and what seemed to be every dotty auntie in Wizarding Britain. As it turned out, the landlady, Ms. Blomgren, was in Molly Weasley's knitting circle, and was more than happy to take them on at her recommendation. It was a small complex, quietly tucked in between a sandwich shop and a parking garage, and Ms. Blomgren kept a vegetable garden in the back that was much larger than it had any right to be. To two boys freshly initiated into the world of magic, it was perfection. As they rounded the corner, they nearly ran right into Giulia. She was short, barely taller than Harry, and she had the pointy features of someone with watered-down goblin blood in their veins. Her pale hair was cut in a bob, but today it was up in a weak bun, and the corners of her small eyes crinkled as she recognized them. "Hi!" she said brightly, jabbing a hairpin into her hair so violently that Dudley feared for her skull. "I've already fed Merlin, so he shouldn't be much trouble today! Sorry, but I have to run!" She pressed a packet of ice mice into Harry's hand and ruffled their hair before darting away down the street. The boys watched her go, feeling rather as if they'd been accosted by a cheerful storm, before heading up to their apartment to drop off the groceries. Petunia wasn't home yet, and wouldn't be for a while - she worked as a secretary, and it was nearly an hour's commute by bus. The boys unpacked the groceries, finished off their popsicles, then ducked into the room they shared to collect their things. It was strange, sharing a bedroom. The tiny apartment only had two bedrooms which were barely closets, and it had been a trial finding space for the trunks and owls when they'd arrived. As Harry petted Hedwig, Dudley rifled through his blanket until he found the Potions magazine he'd fallen asleep reading the night before, and after collecting the miscellaneous sweets and bits of paper they required, they set off upstairs to Giulia's apartment. "Good afternoon!" called Ms. Alwort, Giulia's neighbor, as they reached her door. A large tabby cat wound around her ankles and trotted lazily toward them. "Hullo, Ms. Alwort," said Harry politely, and stooped to pet the cat as Dudley searched his pockets for the spare key. "Merlin's in a mood today," the elderly witch warned them. "He fair tore the curtains up, or so it sounded earlier." "Thank you for the warning," Dudley said, opening the door, and the cousins slipped into the stuffy apartment. Harry wandered over to the windows and opened them wide, then went in search of Merlin as Dudley settled on the couch and spread the magazine and writing materials on the coffee table. The only downside to their summer so far had been the lack of communication from their friends. All their letters had returned unopened, and none of the phonecalls to Hermione and Hannah went through. At first it hadn't bothered them too much - after all, their friends probably had plans for the summer, and maybe it was just too far for the owls. But as the weeks stretched on, they had started to worry. They even borrowed Ms. Blomgren's fireplace to try a Floo call, and that hadn't gone through either. Granted, it was also their first time using the Floo network, and they'd only just avoided singing their eyebrows off. Harry returned to the living room with Merlin stretched possessively across his shoulders, his scorpion tail wrapped lazily around the boy's neck. "He was in the bathtub," Harry announced, perching on the edge of the couch, and reached for a ballpoint pen. And found himself grabbing the ear of the house elf sitting on the coffee table. It was hard to say who was more surprised, Harry or the elf. They stared at each other until Harry got hold of himself and released the elf's ear, stammering an apology. Merlin opened one beady eye and squawked warningly at the elf before jumping down from Harry's shoulders and disappearing into the kitchen. The house elf was not unusual for one of its kind, possessing the usual batlike ears and bulging tennis ball eyes that were so common. It wore a ratty old pillowcase, and was nervously twisting the hem in its long, bony fingers. It looked uncertainly at Harry and squeaked, "Harry Potter?" Harry nodded hesitantly, as if he didn't quite trust himself to speak, and the elf broke into a rapturous grin and jumped to its feet. "Oh, Dobby has wanted to meet you for so long!" he cried, bowing low. "Such an honor it is, sir!" As Harry weakly protested, the elf turned to Dudley and eyed him speculatively. "The Dursey?" he asked. Dudley, who was reeling a little - this was the legendary Dobby? - said, faintly, "Sure." "Sorry," Harry interrupted, "but who are you?" "Dobby, sir. Just Dobby. Dobby the house elf," said the creature, beaming once more. Harry looked rather desperately at Dudley, who could only stare helplessly back. "Er. Right. Erm... can we help you, Dobby?" "Well, sir," said the elf, wringing his hands, "Dobby has come to tell you, sir... it is difficult, sir... Dobby wonders where to begin..." "Why don't you sit down," Harry suggested politely, gesturing to the armchair. To the horror of the boys, Dobby immediately burst into tears. "Oh! I'm sorry, I didn't mean to offend you, or, or anything." "Offend Dobby!" choked the elf. "Dobby has never been asked to sit down by a wizard- like an equal-!" Dudley set a throw pillow on the table and gently guided the elf until he was sitting on it. "There, there," he said awkwardly. The pillow had lace and crocheted flowers, and Dobby looked very much like an ugly little doll. Rather hysterically, Dudley thought that it was a shame there wasn't doll clothing lying around to complete the ridiculous picture. Eventually, Dobby calmed down, noisily blowing his nose on the edge of his pillow case, and stared adoringly at Harry with watery green eyes. "You can't have met many decent wizards," said Harry, sounding genuinely sympathetic. Dobby shook his head - and then, without warning, darted across the room and began bashing his head against the bookcase, shouting, "Bad Dobby! Bad Dobby!" Giulia's collection of tiny ceramic dogs immediately woke up from their naps and started barking in their tinkling little voices as the shelves rattled. A couple fell off, and the boys hurried over - Harry to catch the figurines, Dudley to carefully pry the elf away. "Easy, Dobby!" Dudley cried, and finally managed to sit him safely back on the frilly throw pillow. "What was that all about?" Harry murmured nonsense to the ceramic dogs as he replaced them, then returned to hover at Dudley's elbow, staring at the elf in concern. "Dobby had to punish himself, sir," said the elf, a little dazedly. "Dobby almost spoke ill of his family." "Family?" Harry echoed, then seemed to finally remember what Neville had told them about house elves. "The family you... serve?" A nod. "That doesn't sound right, Neville said wizards are supposed to treat elves fairly. Isn't there some way we could help?" At that, Dobby burst into tears, wailing about how wonderful Harry was, and it took five minutes and several handkerchiefs that they desperately hoped Giulia wouldn't miss before he would calm down again. Deciding that someone needed to get hold of the situation, Dudley said, "Sorry, Dobby, but what are you here to tell us?" With a final sniff, the elf hunched and conspiratorially bid them closer, and the boys leaned in, curious. "Dobby heard tell," he said in a hoarse whisper, "that Harry Potter met the Dark Lord for a second time just weeks ago - that Harry Potter escaped yet again." Harry nodded, expression turning wary as Dobby's eyes suddenly shone with tears again. "Ah, sir," Dobby gasped, dabbing his face with the corner of the only surviving handkerchief, "Harry Potter is valiant and bold! He has braved so many dangers already! But Dobby has come to protect him, to warn him, even if he does have to shut his ears in the oven door later. Harry Potter must not go back to Hogwarts." A startled silence fell, broken only by the sound of a door opening and closing down the hall. "W-what?" Harry stammered. "But - but I have to go back, term starts September first. And I'll be surrounded by teachers there, wouldn't it be, er, safer?" But Dobby was shaking his head, ears slapping against his skull. "No, no, no," he squeaked. "Harry Potter must stay where he is safe! He is too great, too good, to lose. If Harry Potter goes back to Hogwarts, he will be in mortal danger." I'm beginning to see a trend , thought Dudley, but said aloud,"Why?" "There is a plot, sirs, Dobby has known it for months." Dobby was trembling now, so violently that everything on the coffee table was rattling. "A plot to make most terrible things happen at Hogwarts this year." "Who's plotting them? Is it You-Know-Who?" Dudley asked sharply. The house elf shook his head, made a funny choking noise, and launched himself outwards. Fortunately Harry, having seen this coming, was prepared, and caught him in his arms. Dobby was settled back on his cushion, and once he stopped struggling, Harry said, "Okay, you can't tell us. But Albus Dumbledore is there, and he's the greatest wizard alive. Surely nothing will get through him." Dobby shook his head, trembling again. "He is powerful, sir, but there are powers Dumbledore doesn't- powers no decent wizard should-" And before either boy could catch him, had leapt from the table and was cracking his head against the bookcase again. The ceramic dogs, who had only just ceased their barking, immediately started up again. Harry gently pried him away and said,