A/N: So, here we go with my first ever Harry Potter fanfic. I have been reading a lot of Harry Potter fics and have enjoyed most of them. This fanfiction is based on a story by Thor's Shadow titled "Champions" and is a Harry and Fleur story. I liked the ideas that were brought forward in that story and another titled "The Forgotten Contract" that I started to get ideas for how I could write my own Harry Potter fanfiction. Now I say that this one is based on the story "Cha mpions", however it will NOT be an attempt at a continuation or rewrite of that story. I will try to stay away from sounding like I am copying any of the fanfictions that I or you, the hopefully faithful readers, will have read, but with so many out there, there is always the possibility of stepping on another writers toes, so I will say this in advance: I am sorry if I used things I read in other's stories. This is a major Alternate Universe fic, as you will see from the very beginning. Some elements in the story will be revealed in this the prologue, if you will but from here there will be the inclusion of other elements that will be of interest to some and hated by others. Such as: 1. Good Draco raised by a Narcissa who hates her husband (you will see what happens to him later) and is all about family. 2. Animagus Harry (what kind of animal, you'll have to wait and see). 3. OC character as Harry's younger sister. 4. Fleur will be full Veela. 5. Some Molly and Ginny bashing. 2/8/2017 - Repost with some minor errors that people pointed out fixed. For the record, I do not own Harry Potter or anything associated with the universe except what is written here in this story. Repost with a couple of errors fixed and some changes to Molly and Bella's interaction just before the will reading. Prologue: The Boy Who Lived and the Reading of The Will The Boy Who Lived This October 31st had started as any other All Hallows Eve in the little community known as Godric's Hollow, England with children going around trick or treating dressed in all manner of costumes while being escorted by their parents, followed by families settling in for the traditional All Hallows Eve feasts, complete with the unwanted relatives visiting. As the night wore on, the lights in many of the houses were extinguished as their associated families went to bed. This was no different for one house that stood on the main lane in Godric's Hollow that had a waist-high wooden fence that enclosed a small lawn that surrounded a medium-sized quaint two-story cottage. No one in the village had seemed to notice this house, almost as if it had been erased from the memory of all who lived in the village. Yet, this cottage seemed to be the subject of the gaze of a certain cloaked figure that stood just outside of the waist-high wooden gate, its eyes focused on a house that everyone else in the village would swear wasn't there. The figure was tall, thin, and had an aura of darkness and evil that seemed to radiate from the hooded and cloaked figure, a bone-white hand holding an equally white wand seemed to emerge from within the folds of the cloak and a moment later, a soft click was heard as the gate swung open after the latch had been undone. The cloaked figure paused only long enough to glance around to see if anyone had noticed the sound. After he was certain that no one was responding to the gate's opening, the cloaked figure quickly made his way to the front door of the cottage with purposeful strides, for all intent and purposes disappearing from the view of anyone in the village who happened to be looking in the direction of this cottage. It is a shame that no one in the village noticed the house because if they had, they would have seen the cloaked figure entering the yard and making his way to the front door, the front door opening nearly silently followed moments later by a man's startled shout cut short by a brilliant flash of green light and the sound of a body falling to the floor. They would have heard a woman's screaming for her husband. Then they would have heard the same woman begging for her child to be spared in a shrill voice full of fear, only for her begging to be cut short by a second brilliant flash of green light. Though no one noticed the cottage before, everyone in the quiet village noticed as a third flash of green light tore part of the second story of the cottage apart accompanied by a piercing scream filled with pain and a deafening explosion that sent pieces of debris in all directions. A few minutes later, a tall, willow-thin man with sharp features, a hooked nose, twinkling blue eyes, a long wispy beard that seemed to stretch all the way to the man's knees, and matching hair that adorned the man's head in a sort of halo appeared outside of the same cottage with a nearly inaudible crack , his heart suddenly gripped by the cold hand of fear as his eyes took in the damage. The man was none other than Albus Dumbledore, a man with too many titles to list, a man who had defeated a previous dark lord, and the leader of the resistance against the most recent dark lord that had plagued his homeland for decades. He was wearing purple wizarding robes than emphasized his willow-thin frame, half-moon shaped spectacles rested on his nose, and had his wand at the ready in his hand. Dumbledore swiftly but cautiously moved forward towards the house, concern etched on his weathered features. As he pushed the front door open, Dumbledore felt his heart drop to the pit of his stomach as he took in the wide-eyed figure of James Potter laying face up, unfocused and bespectacled eyes staring at the ceiling, his wand in hand, and his body laying before the bottom of the stairs leading to the second floor. Albus spared a moment to kneel down next to James Potter, stretched out his hand and gently closed the man's eyelids as he whispered, "I am so sorry James. I should have insisted on being your secret-keeper." After those words, Dumbledore made his way cautiously up the stairs to the second floor and to the nursery that was to his right, the door having been blown off of its hinges and into the room across the hall, the wall next to the door had been obliterated along with the roof over the nursery, debris strewn throughout the second story of the cottage. He slowly eased around the corner of the empty doorframe and felt his heart break as he took in the crumpled and lifeless form of Lily Potter lying before her son's crib, her flaming red hair spread in the shape of a halo around her head, her once vibrant emerald green eyes empty and dull as they stared at where the opposite wall would have been. Dumbledore again knelt down next to the lifeless body of one of his former students and ardent supporter in their fight against the Dark Lord Voldemort and gently closed her eyelids, whispering, "Be at peace Lily. I will find and look after your son." As he straightened from the heart-wrenching task, movement in the crib caught Dumbledore's attention. As the old wizard, who was feeling quite ancient in that moment, turned to face the crib, his blue eyes met the steady gaze of a pair of emerald green eyes that were every bit as vibrant as their owner's mother's had been in life. It was an unconscious decision that propelled Albus forward to lift the toddler Harry Potter out of his crib and look at the child in wonder. No one in the known history of magic had survived being the target of the killing curse, Avada Kedavra, and yet, here in his arms was a boy no more than fifteen months old still alive with nothing more than a lightning bolt-shaped scar on his forehead to show for it. Dumbledore knew that he would have to research how the child had survived, but that wasn't the priority right now, securing this child's safety was. Just as he was about to turn and leave the cottage, Dumbledore heard someone step on a piece of debris in the hall and spun fast enough to face the intruder that anyone would have sworn that he wasn't as old as he said he was. When Dumbledore finished his turn, he found his blue eyes locked with a pair of violet eyes that held an immense amount of grief. The eyes belonged to a young woman who was a vision of beauty with her long black hair falling to her narrow waist, an athletic yet alluring build with steel-corded muscles playing below soft porcelain skin, and womanly curves that were almost guaranteed to entrance any male within viewing radius. The woman was Bellatrix Potter and was the adopted older sister of James Potter and the big sister figure to Lily Potter neé Evans and she was wearing dark gray Auror robes that were both formfitting and yet loose enough to allow here complete freedom of movement, boots, and probably no less than four sheathes for throwing knives. As the two looked at each other, Dumbledore offered Bellatrix a small nod, "Bella, I'm sorry for your loss." Bellatrix nodded in return, her voice full of pain and fear, "Ar-are they all dead? Is H-Harry still alive and where the bloody hell is the bastard that killed little Jaime and Lily?" The bundle in his arms chose that moment to move, the toddler squirming a little. Dumbledore watched as Bellatrix's eyes flickered to the toddler in his arms and she moved forward to look at her godson. She reached out and caressed the toddler's face, tears welling up in her eyes as she whispered, "H-h-how is he still-?" Dumbledore shook his head as he looked down at the toddler in his arms, "I don't know Bella, but as soon as I find out, I will let you know," then a sudden idea came to wizened old wizard, "but my guess is that because Lily sacrificed her life for Harry, her sacrifice protected Harry when Voldemort attempted to use the killing curse on the child, causing the curse to rebound on Riddle. Lily named you as Harry's godmother, correct?" Bella looked up from her nephew/godson at that question and nodded, "Yes she did, why?" Dumbledore answered, "Not here, let's meet at Grimmauld Place and we will discuss it with the Order." A Little While Later The Potter Will A little while later, Bella with toddler Harry in her arms and sitting in the corner of the kitchen/dinning area, was amongst the other members of the Order of the Phoenix, who had been roused from their sleep by the urgent call from Dumbledore, her cousin and head of house, Lord Sirius Black of the Most Ancient and Noble House of Black sitting between her and the rest of the order with his other brother in all-but-blood, Remus Lupin sitting shoulder-to-shoulder with him, shielding Bellatrix and toddler Harry from the rest of the order with their wands in hand. At the moment, the loudest member of the order, one Molly Weasley, was speaking out about what she obviously saw as the only appropriate course of action from this point forward for toddler Harry's life. Bellatrix was glad that she had put a small silencing charm on Harry so that he could stay asleep through all of the screeching that the Weasley Matriarch was doing. Bella turned her attention away from