Author's Note: Hi there! So this is the first chapter of my AU Everlark fic – I hope you enjoy it! This will be written in both Katniss's and Peeta's POV at various points, but this chapter is pure Everdeen! Please review! :) xxxxxxxxxxxx Katniss I had no idea at the time that a typical, somewhat sunny, somewhat cloudy Monday morning was the beginning of the week that would throw my well-crafted life into pandemonium. Yes, I said well-crafted and that is the best adjective I can think of to describe my life from the end of the rebellion up to this point. My name is Katniss Everdeen. I am 33 years of age, although I could probably pass for 29 if I dabbed a bit of extra concealer under my eyes in a morning, 27 at a push if I wore my long, dark hair in any style other than a slicked back ponytail that does nothing to hide the frown lines beginning to form between my brows. My home is District 2. I came from District 12 once, but what can be described in summary as 'bad things' happened there and their ghosts haunted me until I decided to leave them once and for all. I now live and work in District 2, at a prestigious University specialising in the development of industrial management and data systems. I don't know the first thing about industrial management or data systems, but it appears I'm very good with organisation and strategy, and when you're the programme manager for one of the biggest data systems pilot research studies in all of Panem, PODSII, you don't actually need to understand the substance all that much. I leave that to the brains, like Beetee. I used to have a Sister, a Mother, a Father, and a Best Friend. I don't have those people anymore. I have my duplex apartment overlooking the lake and District Park, a mere 10 minute commute from the University, and a pager. I was in the Hunger Games when I was younger. I was reaped a second time into the Third Quarter Quell. I was the Mockingjay in the rebellion. I was once in love with a boy but I never told him that. It worked out for the best, I'm sure of it. I imagine you wonder why I don't expand on these relatively major events, namely because I'm not sure I could rustle the details from the depths of my memory. These are the 'bad things' I just told you about. I don't like thinking about them all too often. Most people would probably describe me as a workaholic, and I guess I can see why. I've been sat at my desk here (it's a gorgeous desk in a gorgeous office – all minimalist and advanced – and yes, I do have my own office. I find I work best in solitude) since just before 7 this morning and I probably won't leave until past 7 this evening. Most mornings I start at this time, sometimes though I start earlier, with the help of a strong cup of steaming coffee. These earlier starts are normally when I've had a restless night plagued with flashbacks and nightmares beforehand. I find that getting myself on to the first tram of the morning when it's still dark and silent outside is therapeutic and calming. "Ms Everdeen, your 10 o'clock appointment is here" calls my secretary from the doorway to my office and I start suddenly, snapped out of my daydream. I mentally kick myself in the foot. I was in the process of organising paperwork for my 10 o'clock when I drifted off, and the man I am meeting just happens to be one of the major private funders of my programme. I smile at my secretary. "Thank you Sarah, please can you ask him if he would like a drink and let him know that I'll be out shortly?" I sneak a look at the small clock in the bottom right hand corner of my computer screen. 9.55. Brilliant – 5 minutes is more than enough to get these statistics together. In truth I never really saw my life turning out like this at any point, even before the rebellion. Office jobs were few and far between in my district, and even if they were in abundance the thought of being confined within 4 walls for 8 hours a day would have driven the old Katniss mad. I would have probably been happy living a peasant lifestyle just for the ability to spend my time in the forests, hunting squirrels and game with G…with gusto and just being 'out there'. I suppose having been 'out there' in two Games arenas really changes your perspectives on things…I haven't even touched a bow and arrow in over 15 years. I stand up from my chair and smooth down the front of my grey knee-length pencil skirt, reaching behind me and 'tucking in the tail' of my fitted white blouse as I used to do for someone else. I find it was tucked in already. Old habits certainly do die hard. "Mr Felspar," I say brightly, holding out my hand to the middle-aged investor who rises from his own chair in response to my greeting. I take his hand and shake it firmly, initiating the proceedings with control as I wish to conduct them, a wide, sincere smile never leaving my face. "Have you been offered a drink?" "Yes, I have, thank you Ms Everdeen," he replies, gesturing to the cup of coffee in one hand. I look down – our posh mugs with the University crest and that tell-tale smell of freshly ground coffee lovingly percolated by a secretary who, at times, I love as though she were my own flesh and blood. I shoot a conspiratorial wink at Sarah as I usher Mr Felspar into my office and she grins back with a matching wink. "Now, Mr Felspar, let's talk business…" xxxxxxxxxxxx I kick off my black court shoes as I step through the door of my apartment after a particularly successful day. I glance at my watch, 8.30pm. A little later than I was hoping for but generally as long as I'm home before 9 I'm happy with myself. I hang up my coat and pad through to my bedroom wearily, scratching the head of the old cat who really should be dead by now according to the laws of nature, who is currently sprawled out over the comforter on the end of my bed, obviously having had a particularly hard day of doing shit all but sleep and eat. "Hey, Buttercup." The cat opens a murky yellow eye and meets my eyeline lazily, giving an attempt at half a purr before closing the eye again, obviously having decided that as I wasn't bearing any kind of meaty gift I wasn't worth the effort this evening. I make a gentle 'tsk' with my tongue and reach down to stroke the yellow-y, ginger-y fluff. Buttercup and I have this bizarre relationship – sour at first due to my attempt to kill him in a bucket but then after we both lost everything we developed this camaraderie and now…as much as I hate to admit it I would be lost without this cat. "Shall we go and see what's for dinner?" I make conversation, though I answered the question in my own mind before I asked it. ' Pasta for one' I think ruefully, though I would never complain. The fact that I can make myself dinner is a far cry from where I used to be. I open my refrigerator and pull out a bottle of juice, snapping it open and taking a long drink as my eyes flitter over the various ready-made TV dinners lining the shelves. Pop, pop, ping. Just how I like it. "Looks like I'm on beef cannelloni tonight boy, and you are on grade A cat food," I say to the cat who has followed me into the kitchen at the promise of dinner. Tipping cat biscuits into a bowl, I put it down on the hardwood floor before popping my own black tray of nutrition-less crap in the microwave. My apartment matches my meals. Small but big enough for me and the cat, functional, minimalist like my office. Everything is clean, shiny silver surfaces everywhere, modern trappings of convenience lining the walls to make my already privileged life that bit easier. It helps that I have very few possessions with which to clutter the place up. It isn't a palace by any means, but it's my flat. I wouldn't call it home. Home implies some kind of heartiness, something comfortable, somewhere safe. I don't feel any of these things here, but then that isn't the fault of the apartment. I haven't felt 'home' since before the Reaping all those years ago. At the first thought of the past I shake my head as a dog would clear his ears of water and switch on the television set built in to the spotless white wall to catch up with the day's news. This is one of the reasons I work so hard and for so many hours, I find it difficult to think about much else when I'm preoccupied with my job. The comforting sound of Panem News 24 fills the apartment and I instantly feel myself move out of my own head. Living alone can get tough when the memories threaten to come back, but there's not much I can do about it other than make sure there is noise in the apartment and that I'm busy. To this end I settle myself cross-legged on my light grey L-shaped couch and pull my briefcase across to my lap. I pull out my laptop and press it on, staring out of the ceiling to floor window opposite me. The park looks beautiful at sunset. This is one of the reasons, in fact the main reason, that I pay what is probably a ridiculous amount for this small apartment. The densely packed trees break here and there to signpost a path snaking through the vegetation, paths that I run on whenever I get a spare hour. Going for a run in the morning would be great, but there's easily a 50% chance that I will flush that resolution down the toilet on waking up tomorrow. The soft, burnt orange sunset glimmers on the surface of the lake, so strong that it casts a dim light in to the room, the shimmering ochre seizing my attention and refusing to let up until a series of sharp beeps from the computer in her lap alerts me to several e-mails that had just landed in my inbox. 'Schedule – tomorrow, Tuesday 2 nd May – Sarah Squire' I smiled to myself. Sarah knows me well enough to know that an e-mail sent at this time of night would be picked up in time to run me through my schedule for the next day. As usual I don't know whether to be impressed by how observant she is or saddened by the state of my own life. I bet Sarah has sent this e-mail and then will get on with her evening for herself, she won't be working until the moment she goes to sleep. Sarah insists on sending through these e-mails every evening, although those detailed breakdowns of each appointment in my diary leave any room for further clarification. No wonder her references were so gushing when I employed her... Hi Katniss, Please find below your schedule for tomorrow – quite an open one tomorrow, so you should find time to work on that report that's due in at the end of the week! I've also left Thursday completely open, as requested. 9am – meeting with external consultant for PODSII – Tomas didn't pass on any information before he went on leave I'm sorry so I don't even know