Disclaimer: This story is obviously based on JK Rowling's Harry Potter but also a Chinese Drama called Love O2O/One Smile is Very Alluring based on a novel of the same name by Gu Man. (It's precious and I recommend you watch the series!) Because it's based on this, some of the characterizations might be a little different…but it's functional for the story progress. Hope you enjoy and check out the Original Series. DragonofthestarsFor all I know, you could be a dog behind the keyboard. Hermione read the message and then gasped when her computer shutoff suddenly. She pressed the on button but the computer screen remained suspiciously dark. Two LED lights blinked mockingly on her keyboard. "What is with this thing?!" Hermione huffed angrily as she attempted to hard reset her laptop. Lavender peeked over the top of her bunk bed warily. "I may have…accidently dropped it." Lavender said quickly as she hid behind the railing of her bunk. "Lavender!" Hermione exclaimed. She took a deep breath, attempting to calm her temper. "It was just off your bed when I was climbing up! I didn't think it falling would have such an effect." Lavender said remorsefully. Hermione sighed. "Well, it's not like I can't recover my work…and it's possible that it wasn't the fall that did the damage…but I'll need to take it to get fixed" Hermione stood at her table and tossed Lavender her jacket. "You've just volunteered as my escort!" Hermione said as she packed up her laptop and grabbed her own coat. "Hermione! I'm too dressed down to go out now!" Lavender pouted, though she scrambled down the bunk and put on her shoes. Hermione linked arms with Lavender, guiding her forcefully as they left the dorm into the brisk air. "You are more than appropriate for a quick errand." Hermione determined as Lavender reluctantly followed. The computer shop Hermione entered was the closest one to campus—and horribly overpriced. The computer science students knew better than to buy items there, but their computer expertise was generally well received. "That's Cho Chang—she's a mass communication major." Lavender noticed. Hermione looked over to two well-dressed girls, one who was quite pretty. "She beat you for the campus beauty poll—and I'm dressed like this. Why couldn't I have changed?" Lavender complained. Hermione rolled her eyes in response as they continued to wait in line. "$100 dollars." The cashier said and the girl beside Cho Chang looked disgruntled. "That's expensive!" She complained. The employee shrugged apathetically. "It's a good brand—ask around." The employee commented. Hermione glanced over the shoulder at the brand; it was overpriced. "That's an economic brand of RAM but it's far too overpriced." Hermione said, unable to stay silent. The two girls turned to her and the employee narrowed his eyes. "What would you even know about it?" He said condescendingly. Hermione frowned at his tone. "I'm in computer science at Hogwarts. Don't you have a price-match deal or anything? This is twice as much as what you could buy online." Hermione said. Lavender nodded next to her. "The university is right next to your business and the students should know about your poor prices." Lavender said with a fake smile. The employee glared openly at her. "Why are you causing trouble in my store? Get out of here if you aren't going to buy anything." He said annoyed. Hermione watched as the girl next to Cho Chang whispered something into her ear. They both turned to look at Hermione, Cho's expression turning friendly but cool. "Thank you for your help, but I'm sure that this RAM will be sufficient. I'll just buy it at this price after all." Cho said with a lukewarm smile. Hermione and Lavender shared a look before shrugging. As they walked back to their dorm, Lavender returned to Cho. "That poll was rigged! That blurry picture that was submitted did not do you justice." Lavender remarked as she linked arms with Hermione outside the store. "You should have let me submit a full face picture! You are far prettier than Cho and twice as lovely." Hermione rolled her eyes but smiled despite herself. "I didn't submit myself for a reason, Lavender; I really don't care about whether or not the student body thinks I'm attractive." Hermione commented. Lavender shrugged nonchalantly. "Obviously other people thought you should've entered—someone submitted you. Besides, Cho seems like she is super uppity—and rude-especially after you only tried to help." Lavender determined. Hermione ignored the comment, her mind returning back to the school ranking. It annoyed her, more than anything, that people focused on her attractiveness-something that hadn't even occurred until college. Hermione had spent most of high school being clumsy, with a face full of metal, and frizzy hair. Her last two years of high school, she had slimmed down, filled out, had her braces removed, and had cut her hair short. Now in her junior year of college, her hair had grown back healthy and tamed. She felt very much the same on the inside, yet the change in the demeanor of others was sickening. It had amused and flattered her initially, but she often longed to go back to the anonymity of being normal. She missed awing people with her intellect rather than the fact that she had developed a bosom and shapely legs. "In any case, hopefully she won't have any problem with that RAM." Hermione announced. "Meanwhile, I'll have to diagnose my computer myself since he wouldn't help us!" Hermione said as she pointedly poked Lavender. Lavender laughed as she apologized. "I'm sorry!" She said between giggles. Hermione wrinkled her nose before laughing. "I suppose I'll forgive you." Hermione said with a devious expression. Lavender gasped at the look, fleeing with laughter as Hermione chased after her, fingers threatening to poke and tickle. When they reached the dorm, Hermione waved goodbye and headed towards the library. It was not too crowded so she didn't feel guilty as she chose a seat at one of the special-use computers in the designated lounge. Predominately used for computer science majors and engineering majors, the computers were equipped with additional software and capabilities. Hermione took out her laptop and began assessing the symptoms of her computer. An hour later, Hermione was confident she had correctly diagnosed the error and had already bought the part that needed replacement. She stretched her arms above her head as she waited for the screen to load her favorite game—Wizarding World Online. She was ahead of her studies, accomplished her goal of the day, and knew it'd be a while before she could play again. She glanced around again to ensure that she wasn't inconveniencing anyone who was waiting. The room was still relatively empty so she had no qualms as she placed her gaming headset on and instantly accepted a player vs player battle, smiling at the arrogance of her challenger. "Arrogance doesn't equate skill." Hermione said softly. Her left hand danced deftly across the keyboard while he right moved the mouse with precision; there was a reason she was ranked number six in the game, especially for PVP. Hermione was so focused on the match that she did not noticed the eyes that lingered on her and her monitor as she played. "Internet's fixed!" Someone yelled from down the hall. Hermione smiled as Lavender cheered. "I'm behind on all my dramas! They might have finally kissed and I would never know!" Lavender complained airily. Hermione rolled her eyes and opened her laptop. ' It's been three weeks since I've logged on.' Hermione thought as she entered the Wizarding World Online and looked around. She had fixed her laptop just in time for the internet to go down in her dorm room. She hadn't been able to log on at the computer lounge either. She repaired her swords and armor in the town village when she abruptly received a private message. Dragonofthestars Nobody. Let's get a divorce. Hermione blinked, surprised. She was gone for barely half a month! She typed back to him. IamnobodytooWhy? She watched his icon; he was typing. She was curious but not offended and she sincerely hoped he would not think her hurt from something so insignificant as an imaginary game-marriage. DragonofthestartsNobody, I'm sorry. Don't ask any questions but I'll give you a new set of equipment as my apology. Hermione laughed, amused. Her first marriage was ending but at least she was getting alimony. IamnobodytooThere is no need, Dragon. I'll be right over. Hermione mounted her stead and raced to the Marriage and Divorce Rune Circle. Dragon was already waiting in the correct circle. "I have the armor set, as promised." Dragon said, attempting to send his parting gift. Hermione closed the trade window. "It's not a problem. Our marriage was only for the convenience of the guild." Hermione said easily, beginning to unlock the rune circle to cement the divorce. It was over in an instant. "Please, I'd feel better if you took the armor." Dragon said once again. Hermione rejected the trade again. "I have no hurt feelings. You can give the armor to someone else in the guild that needs it." Hermione mounted her horse again. "This was fun, Dragon. We should do it again sometime." Hermione left, eager to get in some kills after her three-week lapse. She wasn't surprised, however, when her in-game friend appeared. "Dragonofthestars divorced you?" MidnightMagic asked, the female icon gesturing pointedly. Hermione set her character to collect the nearby herbs. "Yup." She typed nonchalantly. "I heard he's marrying theEnchantedEnchantress tonight at eight!" Magic exclaimed. Hermione's character shrugged before collecting more herbs. "I don't suppose you really care, anyway." Magic admitted. Hermione's character nodded. "I suppose they are well fit—they're both the top-rated most attractive on the player board rankings." "The what rankings?" Hermione asked. "You don't know? People upload their pictures and profiles and they get ranked based on attractiveness." Magic said. She sent the link and Hermione opened it half-heartedly. Admittedly, Enchantress and Dragon were both quite decently attractive. She did think they went well together. "I'm sure you've never submitted a picture." Magic commented. Hermione nodded again. "I've never cared what other people looked like outside of the game; it seems unnecessary to me." Hermione thought about it again. "You know, now that I think about it, Dragon asked me about my picture before my computer had problems three weeks ago—of course I didn't give one to him though." "Then you can't really blame Dragon, Nobody." Magic said. "After all, everyone actually suspect's you are a guy in real life!" Hermione nearly snorted the tea she was drinking as she choked back a laugh. "What's so funny?" Lavender asked, peering down from her top bunk to where Hermione had set up her desk. "I won't show my picture or video chat people on this game so everyone thinks I'm a guy." Hermione said with another laugh. Lavender looked thoughtful. "You are rather aggressive and pushy." Lavender said. Hermione gasped and retaliated by throwing her squishy stress ball at Lavender. Lavender deflected it with a giggle. "Besides, catfishing is common these days—and everyone knows there are no girls on the internet!" Hermione 'harrumphed' before returning to the game and reading her chat log. "You're so strong! You're the 6th ranked player and no one's ever seen your picture and no one has ever heard your voice! Can you blame their suspicions?" Magic had stated. Hermione supposed not. "It doesn't matter to me either way." Hermione decided. "We were only married for the couple quests, anyway." Hermione said as she balanced crafting her potions and preparing for her next college class. "Want to go to the library tonight, Hermione?" Ginny asked as they left their shared class. "Ah, I'm not planning to tonight—I'll just stay in the dorm." Hermione said as she bundled her scarf closer around her face. The wind still had a winter chill although February was already half over. "What about the essay due Thursday?"