Disclaimer: Lord of The Rings and its characters are the property of Tolkien. Wild Waters by Starfox Mirkwood had experienced several days of heavy rain. Such a long period of bad weather was unusual and the elves had felt restless within the stronghold. The heavy rainfalls had prevented every outdoor activity, so as the first clear day arrived, a lot of elves were drawn outside, despite the fact that the ground was soaked with water and puddles were everywhere. Thranduil took a deep breath of the clean, fresh air. The sun had broken through the clouds and the earth steamed with evaporating water. It seemed that it would be a nice day. He crossed the courtyard of the stronghold and spotted his son standing with Angon and Tinwion on the bridge, seemingly deep in conversation. As Thranduil approached, he could hear Tinwion reporting the conditions of the paths and the nearby villages. The water had caused a lot of flooding and damaged several homes. Angon and Tinwion inclined their heads in greeting at their king's arrival, while Legolas turned around and addressed him. "Adar, there are three villages that need help. The rain has caused severe flooding and there is a lot of damage." Thranduil nodded. "We will send groups to help them. Do they require anything else?" Tinwion nodded. "I have a list with material and other things that they asked for." "Let's get started then. Legolas, can you and Tinwion go to Feron and let him know what is needed? Ask him to prepare everything. I'll summon groups to ride out and give aid." Legolas nodded, Tinwion gave a light bow to his king, then they turned and headed for the stronghold. They had just left the bridge and were on the path to the palace when the four elves heard an ominous rumble in the distance. As they turned, they could see the water level rising and white foam cresting the waves that were rising ever higher. Stunned they watched as the normally peaceful water turned into a churning maelstrom, sweeping away everything in its way. Obviously the heavy rain had caused a flash flood in the mountains that was now heading their way. Dismayed they saw a little boy on the water edge a short way away. The elfling had played near the water and was now standing and staring ahead towards the oncoming flood. From the distance the frantic screams of his parents could be heard, who were trying desperately to reach their son but were too far away. After a moment the child stirred and frantically tried to scramble to safety, but the wave was higher than the point where he was standing and the flood reached him before he could climb up further. With a terrified scream, the elfling vanished in the water. By now, the water level had nearly risen up to the level of the bridge. Legolas didn't hesitate for one second. He ran to the edge of the river and jumped in after the boy. Horrified Thranduil could only watch as his son disappeared beneath the surface and was then swept away with the current. Angon grabbed the king just in time to prevent him from doing something stupid, like jumping into the water after his son. "You can't help him by going in after him," he shouted. "We have to take the horses and follow them." He turned around and spotted Tinwion, standing on the path and staring dazedly at the river. "Tinwion, go and get the horses and more warriors. We need to search both river banks." Tinwion shook himself out of his stupor and hurried away to follow Angon's orders. Angon turned to Thranduil again. Since the king seemed to have calmed down, he released him and put a reassuring hand on his shoulder. We will find them. Legolas is a good swimmer, he will be fine." Thranduil took a deep breath. "I hope you are right." Watching the raging torrents, he seriously doubted that his son and the child would be fine. It didn't take long for Tinwion to return with more warriors and Thranduil's and Angon's stallions. The king's group would search the side where the child and Legolas had plunged into the river while Galdor, Legolas' second in command and longtime friend, took command of the group that would search the other side. They didn't lose any time in mounting the horses and starting the search. When Legolas hit the water he was immediately tossed around, causing him to lose his orientation. Struggling with the raging current he kicked out, managing to stay afloat and avoid a group of boulders looming in front of him. He started to search for the boy and with some luck, he spotted the child to his right and in some distance before him. Legolas started to swim in the direction of the elfling, hoping that he would reach him before the boy's strength gave out and he was lost beneath the surface. A lot of debris had been swept away with the water and made swimming now dangerous. He was hit by a few branches and other wreckage. Luckily it were smaller pieces, so he wasn't seriously hurt. Finally he managed to reach the boy. He grabbed him and was met with a frightened gaze. The child was terrified. He pulled him closer and shouted about the noise of the river. "Hold on to me." The child nodded and clutched to Legolas. The tight grip hindered Legolas' swimming but he didn't have the heart to ask the child to loosen his grasp. He turned so that he could see in the direction they were carried from the current. Suddenly he detected a fallen tree protruding halfway into the stream. He managed to steer them so that they were heading in the direction of the trunk. A few limbs were hanging down into the water and Legolas grasped them. The impact jarred his shoulder but he managed to hang on to them and resist the current trying to sweep them away. He lifted the boy a bit. "Can you climb up there?" The elfling gripped the branches and pulled himself up on the trunk. "Very good," Legolas praised, then he gripped the limbs with both hands and began to pull himself up. Unfortunately this time there was a big piece of debris carried in the flood. A large part of a tree trunk was heading straight for him. Before he could pull himself out of the water he was hit from behind, the impact causing him to loose his grip and fall back into the water. The pain in his back was severe and he was swept away, being helplessly tossed around in the water and against some rocks. A few moments later something hit his head and he fell into a deep, dark abyss. After about an hour of riding and searching the river bank the king's group came to a place where a tree had fallen and protruded over the river. On the trunk sat a small elfling, clutching to a branch and crying silently. Thranduil reined Berion in and dismounted. Before anybody could prevent it he carefully climbed onto the trunk and made his way over to the child. The boy noticed the approach and gazed tearfully at the king. Thranduil smiled encouragingly. "Hello child, what is your name?" The elfling wiped his eyes. "Sarnon," he murmured. "That is a nice name," Thranduil commented. "I think your parents miss you terribly, do you want us to bring you back home, Sarnon?" The child nodded eagerly. "I want my Nana," he sniffled. Thranduil extended his arm to the boy. "Then come, Sarnon, I won't let you fall." The elfing gripped his hand trustingly and let himself be pulled to the shore. As king and boy stood on solid ground, Thranduil knelt down in front of the elfling. "Sarnon, what happened to the elf who jumped in after you?" The boy again started to cry. "He helped me to get on the tree. Then he wanted to pull himself up but he was hit by a trunk that was in the water. Do you think he is dead?" Thranduil felt dread rising in him. He tried to conceal it from the child and smiled at Sarnon. "We will search for him and bring him home." He raised his hand and wiped Sarnon's tears away. Turning to the warriors he motioned to one of them. "Amarthon here will bring you to your parents." Sarnon sniffed one last time, then he nodded and turned to Amarthon. The warrior helped the boy onto his horse, then he turned to Thranduil. "I hope you'll bring him home safely, Sire." He mounted his horse, put his arms around the child in front of him and rode back to the stronghold and two anxious parents. Thranduil, Angon and the others continued their desperate search. They scanned the water and the shore but didn't detect anything. After a while they came around a bend in the river. There the stream widened and the speed of the currents lessened. The shore was littered with stones but directly near the water was a patch of sandy beach. Thranduil's keen eyes spotted something bright. As they drew nearer he discovered that it was blond hair and that a body was lying on the shore. His heart clenched. He stopped his horse near the shore, dismounted and hurried to the body. His son was lying on his side. Legolas' eyes were closed and from his head seeped blood and formed a puddle on the sand. Thranduil's hand shook as he reached for Legolas' throat and felt for a pulse. First all he could hear and feel was his own heart pounding wildly. After a moment he detected a weak pulse and nearly fainted with relief. His son was alive. Legolas looked dreadful. He was soaking wet, his face was pale and his hair was plastered to his head and streaked with blood. By now Angon had reached them and knelt down beside Legolas. His worried gaze met Thranduil's eyes. "He's alive," Thranduil whispered, gently stroking the hair out of his son's face. Angon breathed a sigh of relief then he carefully examined Legolas' back and spine. "I think it's safe to move him," he said, continuing to gently feel for broken bones or ribs. He could feel Legolas shivering. "He's in shock." Thranduil unclasped his cloak, placed it behind his son and they carefully rolled him onto it. Angon turned around to the other warriors. "Tinwion, ride back to the palace. Tell Celairdir what happened and that we bring Legolas in. It looks like he has a head wound and he's in shock." Tinwion gave an affirmative nod, turned his horse around and galloped into the direction of the palace. Three of the warriors had already dismounted and were gathering wood for a stretcher. Two others approached the place where Legolas lay and handed Thranduil their cloaks. With a grateful nod he accepted them and spread them carefully over his son. Out on the shore there wasn't much they could do so he just tried to keep him from slipping further into shock and to stop the bleeding from the head wound. Legolas was deeply unconscious and didn't even stir at their ministrations. Thranduil noted worriedly that his breathing was labored. Obviously the raging water had done quite a lot of damage. It didn't take long for the warriors to fashion a stretcher. Thranduil and Angon carefully placed Legolas on it and covered him with cloaks. The stretcher was tied between two horses. Even then the prince didn't stir or show any signs of waking. They slowly made their way back to the stronghold, Thranduil riding behind his son, keeping an eye on the motionless figure. Angon watched his friend. It was rare for Thranduil to be so undone, but he knew how deeply the king loved his son.