Disclaimer: Not mine, ever. *waves off creeping lawyers* Go bother someone else, pussies. A/N: My second Twilight fic. Who'da thunk? Not me. Anyway. This is pre Carlisle meeting his family. It's a two part thing, though I'm not sure when the second half will be out. If you've any ideas, shoot em my way. Sometimes someone will spark an change in my plots (for the better) with just one suggestion. I love those moments. Special thanks to my beta, Scarllete. She helped with grammar and spelling. If asked to choose a word to describe this new world Aro knows he would pick 'young'. America is still in her infancy. Everything about her exudes the excitement of the unexplored, the untamed. The trees are great towers, fresh into their growth, so much like their great cousins in Europe. The animals are plenty, almost tripping over themselves in their eagerness to be caught. Even the long rivers rush by undisturbed by the new conquerors. So much untapped potential. Aro sighs. He wishes he were here on more pleasant business, this America would be interesting to cultivate, but a monarchy isn't run by niceties alone. Duty comes first. Caius calls them 'Enemies of the Empire'. Aro doesn't give them such an ostentatious title. No, he labels them as they are, annoyances. Ones to be dealt with swiftly of course, ere others think the Volturi vulnerable, but nothing so grand as an enemy. He hasn't had one of those since the Vikings. A pity really. He does so love a good game of chess. He glances down at the seething vampire kneeling before him, restrained by two of the royal guard. Self-righteous, proud, and ultimately stupid. No, this whelp isn't even close to a rival. Aro sighs again and folds his hands into a prayer-like pose just under his chin. "Was my suggestion really so complex?" The red haired man, Daniel, growls, his Virginian accent heavy. "I will neva accept yer rule, tyrant." "And we're back to the name calling. Really, my boy, it's becoming quite tedious." He enjoys the flush of embarrassment that crosses the vampire's eyes. He's beginning to understand that Aro was only ever playing with him, that he never once took him seriously. And Caius thinks this mewling quim a threat? Aro wishes, truly he does. He's been so bored lately. He grabs the sides of the man's marble face and begins to tear his head from his restrained body. Usually, he lets the guards do this part, but he's weary with the predictableness of life and needs an outlet for his frustrations. He's dissatisfied with this venture. There's nothing new here. Only the ordinary squalling of a fledgling too impatient to wait until the right moment to strike. He'd much rather end this quickly so he can go back to Vulterra and his studies of this new-age idea called 'voltaic pile'. It's a fascinating concept, one he might visit Alessandro Volta about this month. It's the smile, the pure look of triumphant glee on his victim's lips, which causes Aro to pause in the execution. He tilts his head to the left and exhales. "Dare I ask?" "Yah think me nothing." Daniel chuckles, though it is strained because the awkward position Aro has his neck in will not allow for easy discussion. "Pity. I thought yah cleverer than that." Aro doesn't even register he's decapitated the man until a few seconds later. Months after, he'll still mourn that rash decision. As it is, he merely stares at the dulled eyes and then flings the head to a waiting guard. "Burn it all." Marcus glides over as the sentries execute his bidding. His associate's uninterested eyes are tinged with just a hint of worry. "Brother?" "I am well." Caius snorts as he also steps beside them. Aro levels a look at him and relishes when the youngest member capitulates with bow of his head. They all know who rules First in their little group. He sees their lead Tracker, Felix, approaching and graces a smile at him. "Ah, back so soon? His treasures must be sparse indeed." But the man doesn't join him in laughter. The tiniest bit of...something stirs in the pit of Aro's stomach. "What did you find?" Never has he seen the royal guard so nervous before. The man takes a visible breath and looks him in the eye. "Carlisle." And just like that Aro's triumph is stolen. Gone is the rush of satisfaction that flowed through his veins. Replacing it is a horrid mixture of dread and rage. Carlisle? The young one had left them five years ago for these lands after their last discussion about feeding on humans. They'd parted on, well not good terms, but there hadn't been any unkind or heated words. Aro had even been thinking of searching for him while here. It seemed the boy preempted that thought. "Where is the traitor?" Caius snarls. Aro blinks at this accusation. Carlisle, their adversary? Never. The boy is too loyal for that to even be possibility. He might disagree with their methods of feeding, but he'd never go so far as to disobey the Volturi or discredit them. He can't stop the wave of relief though when Felix shakes his head in disagreement. "He is a prisoner, my lords." That makes it worse to Aro. The boy's been here half a decade. "How long?" He asks, his voice trembling. Carlisle is his student. No others are allowed to interfere. "The human slaves say he was captured upon his arrival to this land," Felix says. No. Time freezes. To a vampire, five years is nothing, but all Aro can think of is those innocent, yellow eyes. That shy smile. That honest tongue which was never afraid to speak the truth. That fierce curiosity. He fears to know what five years with Daniel has done to his little fledgling. Oh, how he wishes the fool were still alive, that he'd not let his temper overcome his better judgment those few seconds ago. He would've enjoyed teaching him the intricate ways of pain. "Where?" He says through clenched teeth. The guard leads them at a blinding pace through the forest to a small, stone lodge. Several hundred human slaves are huddled together in a shivering pile of fear, but Aro pays them no mind. They're worth nothing to him alive or dead. His followers can deal with them as they see fit. Felix takes them to an open door near the back of the lodge. Aro catches the familiar scent easily as he descends into the dry, underground passage. His young one is here! He lunges forward, ready to break down the flimsy, wooden door that separates them, but Felix stops him with a hand on his chest. The guard chokes as Aro seizes his throat hard enough to make it crack and throws him to the floor. "My lord, please," the tracker gasps, "you must understand." Slowly, ever so slowly, reason seeps in and Aro loosens his hold. Felix has always had the Volturi's best interests in mind. He waits for Felix to regain his composure, conscious of Marcus and Caius near his side. They too are curious about the guard's sudden breach in protocol. Felix glances at his brothers before explaining. "He's not what you remember, my lord. The Virginian was quite...harsh in his methods." Broken. His little one is broken. Aro flies into the cell. What greets him is something that will plague his memories for centuries to come. It isn't anything that resembles a man, let alone his fledgling, which stares at him from the far corner. No, Aro can tell from his eyes that the boy he once knew is no longer there. This is a mindless beast. A terrified creature, curled amidst rags that just hide his dignity, eyes darting desperately from one face to another, trying to determine who is the greater threat. Aro bristles when he catches sight of the thin, sparkling wounds on Carlisle's back. That traitor whipped his child with silver! Aro forces his fury back and swallows hard. "Carlisle?" The trembling bit of stone flesh whimpers and hides his face in his knees. Aro whirls around. "Why?" Felix, cracked throat healed, comes close and whispers, "The Gemini, my lord." What? How had such a low level vampire such as Daniel known of the comet? It is the best kept secret the Volturi have. Precious few have even seen it. Carlisle, Aro remembers with a jolt, is one of those privileged few. And, he gazes at the cowering form, it cost him dearly. "Fetch me a robe," he commands. He will not let Carlisle remain in this deplorable state any longer. Felix flashes away with another vampire. Caius and Marcus inch closer, but Aro gives them no mind. He has eyes only for Carlisle. He sees the tiny hint of black behind the filthy, blonde hair. The boy is watching as one would an uncertain predator, waiting in anxious preparation for the moment when Aro attacks him. The very idea causes Aro's anger to rise again, but he represses it quickly when he sees Carlisle stiffen at the perceived displeasure towards him. "Brother..." Marcus murmurs. Aro spins to face him. He knows what the dark haired vampire is going to suggest. He'll call it mercy killing, say his fledgling is too far gone to be helped. Aro straightens. No, he will not be questioned in this. He has decided. And though it might seem like weakness, Aro feels he owes it to Carlisle to try. Such loyalty as his will not be rewarded with death...not yet. "He is one of us," is all Aro says. "He was never one of us!" Caius hisses. Aro growls back. He is First here and Caius will bend to his will, not the other way around. They face each other like that for minutes, neither willing to accept defeat. It's Marcus who brings the standoff to an end. "We can try." Caius snarls at the siding, but steps back. "It will never work." As he watches Felix wrap and tie the floor length robe around Carlisle, Aro can't help but wonder if his brother is right. / The carriage ride to the ship is ripe with silent tension. Marcus has retreated into himself, no doubt mourning his mate's death - her talents would've helped, Aro admits to himself. Caius sulks. And Carlisle plasters himself as far away from them all as he can without bodily flinging himself out the carriage. Aro signals the guard to keep close watch, just in case. / The guards come to him while he studies in the library. Aro stifles a sigh. Another failure then. His followers too seem discouraged. They bow low, conscious that they've disappointed yet again. Aro forgives them this time. They can't be held accountable for the Virginian's actions, no matter how easy it would be. "My lord, he still refuses to drink either human or animal blood." Of course he does. Aro has, by now, a detailed accounting of every torment the traitor inflicted on Carlisle. Silver in every method, even feeding. It explains the healing burns on his lips and tongue. "There is a difference that's been noted, my lord," one young guard dares to venture. Aro's vision narrows in on the man. "Speak." "It seems he reacts less violently to the animal blood." Aro shoves down the hope that bursts upon him at this news. So, his little one's passivist beliefs are still intact somewhere in the recesses of his mind. Aro needs only to coax them forward. Not all is lost. "Is he in his room then?" Aro asks, standing from his chair. "Yes, my lord." Aro waves them out and goes to retrieve his black robe. It is time he visited his student. What's required is a strong influence to guide him. His mate, Sulpicia, places a white hand on his arm just before he exits.