Author Notes: How's it hanging, people of Fanfiction? Afroman007 here with my first fanfic! Please review, as I love critiques and this story is for your entertainment, and I'd love to hear what you guys think about it! A bit of background: Expect this to be a fairly long story. Also, for those of you looking for PJaTO characters, I PROMISE they will appear SOMEWHERE in the story. There's A LOT to set up before I drop the bomb on what I'm planning for Percy and the gang! So without further ado, here's the first chapter! Chapter 1: I Am Given a Piece of Jewelry Look, I never asked to be a half-blood. It wasn't on my 'things-I-wanna-be-when-I-grow-up list'. I definitely didn't want to be the target of angry mythological figures (who are real by the way), and have to watch my back anytime I stepped off my apartment stoop. Okay, I'm getting ahead of myself, sorry. My name is Eddy Brown; and this is my story. I should probably start off by telling you that I'm 13 years old, and have been kicked out of more schools in the Pittsburgh metropolitan area than anyone else I know. I'm not a bad kid or troubled, although, a lot of teachers would disagree. I just: well…I struggle. See, I have ADHD, and it makes it really hard for me to pay attention to things and sit still. I have enough trouble understanding anything my teachers tell me, and I'm always doing something to make them mad at me. Like, tapping my feet or drumming my pencil on the desk, needless to say, I get kicked out of class: A LOT. It doesn't help that I fail a lot of tests too. Honestly, I can't win. It's either flunk out, or get kicked out in my book. Anyways, I'm in the 7th grade at The Winchester Thurston School. Yeah, I know what you're thinking: and it's just as stuck up and snobby as it sounds. See, I feel like part of the reason I don't fit in at school, is because I'm not a rich kid. I live with my mom in a small apartment across the Allegheny River in a town called Sharpsburg. I have to commute in, but there are school buses, so thankfully I don't have to get embarrassed by my mom dropping me off and trying to give me a kiss on the cheek in front of the school. Ugh, just thinking about that is making me ill. So, like I was saying before: Winchester Thurston. Not really much to say about the place, except it's filled to the brim with over-privileged kids. Now, I'm not saying there's anything wrong with having money, but these kids are usually pretty stuck-up and always make fun of me for wearing second-hand clothes. I don't really care though, it'd be worse if they knew that my play clothes at home looked even worse than my slightly dirty jeans and off-color hoodies. There are two people at W.T that I do like. First: my best friend Jacen Darklighter. We're kind of the social outcasts of the school. And my mom always says: birds of a feather flock together. I suppose she's right. Jacen is a bit taller than me, and has kind of a crazy hairdo. His hair is bright red, and spiky. Like he's trying to be like that lead singer from Green Day. Anyways, his eyes are a weird shade of blue, almost purple and he has a light complexion. He's always wearing T-shirts with something sarcastic on it, like: What time is it? Time for you to get a watch! Stuff like that. He thinks it's funny, and I guess I do too, but when you see him wear the same shirt for about a week after he gets it, the joke fizzles out. Jacen is the class clown at school. He's always making jokes, and more often then not, he and I spend our time out in the hallways after getting in trouble. He's a cool kid though, and he gets that just because we're a bit different than other kids it doesn't make us bad. Second: there's our music and theatre teacher: Mr. Phoebus, or as we call him: Mr. P. He's this twenty-something year old guy with wavy blonde hair and startling blue eyes. He dresses like those guys you see in Hollister ads, real casual and cool, and his personality is the same way. He likes to refer to the class as dudes and dudettes. Mr. P has us doing this unit on mythology right now, and for an ADHD kid, I've got to say he has a way of explaining things that even keep ME interested. For example, the other day, he told us this myth about how the sun god Apollo fought against this nasty monster called Python and slew it. The way he told the story made it sound like he was actually there: watching the whole thing. In fact, when Mr. P talks about mythology, it always sounds like he's talking from experience. But that's crazy: I mean, the dude is seriously cool, but he's only like 13 years older than me! How could he know? Mr. P loves music too. The guy can play like, every instrument ever made! It's seriously insane. I mean; I really like to play the guitar. In fact, my mom plays and she lets me fiddle around on it from time to time. According to her and Mr. P, I'm pretty decent. She says she named me after a famous musician, but I'd rather NOT talk about whom. Besides, I don't ever go by my FULL name. Its not a normal name, I know that much. By, the way: it's NOT Edward. And, I'd rather NOT give these kids any more ammunition to make fun of me. The school day started out like every other day. It was mid October, so the leaves were all different shades of red, yellow, and orange and it was kind of cold out. I caught the bus at my stop on 6th Street and N. Main, and sat in the back, next to the window. I stared at my reflection in the early morning light and my own face stared back. Dark skin, tight curls of black hair, and the feature that always seems to make people distrust me: bright, golden-yellow eyes. I have ABSOLUTELY NO IDEA how I ended up with an eye color like that. My mom doesn't have eyes like mine, so I'd assume they're from my dad. Heck, my mom and I went to see a specialist about it when I was little, and even he seemed baffled. When the doctor asked my mom who my father was and if he shared the trait she just nodded. The doctor seemed more interested by that and asked if my father could possibly explain more. I'll never forget the pained look on my mom's face as he said that, and I guess the doctor felt really bad, because he dropped the subject. To this day, I'm not sure why my eyes are the way they are. The thing is, anytime I ask about my dad and why he isn't around, my mom says the same thing: "You'll meet him someday Eddy." "But who is he? Where is he?" I'd always ask. At this point, my mom would always look up at the sky or ceiling and smile wistfully. "Oh, he's watching over us. Like I said, you'll meet him some day. He is a great man." By this point, I just gave up asking. I mean, was I mad at my dad for not being around? Yeah, I guess. But, the thing is, I've always had my mom. I never lacked for attention or love. The way my mom said that too, made me think maybe he passed on. Besides, even if he didn't die, if my dad were to come back into our lives now, I don't know what I'd say. "Oh, hey. What 'sup dad. Where've ya been?" Honestly, it's probably better that he's not a part of my life. The school bus turned around the corner on Penn Avenue and we made our way up into Bloomfield. As we passed a bus stop, an older lady looked right at me and waved cheerfully. At first, I didn't register why, but then I realized I had seen this woman before. Two years ago, a bully knocked my brown bag lunch onto the ground when we lived here in Bloomfield. The older woman kind of just appeared and offered me a big plastic bag and helped me throw out the lunch on the ground. She told me to keep the bag and when I opened it, it was full of fresh fruit and a few ham and cheese sandwiches: my favorite. I went to thank her and say I couldn't take it, but she just vanished. Like, POOF. When I was younger stuff like that happened all the time. Once, when my mom and I went grocery shopping, my mom stopped to talk to a middle-aged man in a wheelchair. They seemed to know each other and when he turned to me, he smiled super big at me. That kind of freaked me out, but my mom said that he's an old family friend and that we would see him around sometime. Another time, a younger woman with black hair tied in a very formal bun –like a ballerina- stopped by me while I waited for the bus last year and talked to me as if we were old friends. I felt like I should know her, but I just couldn't for the life of me figure out from where. She had the same kind of sparkle in her eye when she spoke to me that my mom got when she talked about my dad. I was brought back from my thoughts when the weight on the bus seat shifted next to me. I glanced over to see a coy looking Jacen grinning at me. I rolled my eyes. Here come his morning jokes. "Heya Eddy!" he said cheerfully. "Yo, what's up Jacen?" "The sky," he replied, not missing a beat. "Everyone knows that." I thought that falling victim to one of Jacen's plays-on-words would spare me from having to endure his lame jokes all morning, but I was wrong. Jacen says that he uses me as his warm-up, so he can be at top form when we get to school. The lame jokes continued all the way up to Baum Boulevard, where we picked up my least favorite person at school: Jake Malsen. Jake Malsen was W.T's 'official' bully. He was a mean, acne-riddled kid with pale, watery eyes and light brown hair. He was tall and skinny, but don't let that fool you: he can pack a wallop if he ever knocks you down in the hall. Which for Jacen and I, was like, every day. Jake hangs out with the dumber of the football players, the one's that follow his lead. He's the quarterback for the school team. I don't know if he's any good, because I've never bothered to watch the games. I nudged Jacen while he was in the middle of a really bad 'your mom' joke, and chin-pointed to the front of the bus where Jake was getting on. Jacen shut up real quick at that. See, Jacen is the funny guy, but that's only really at school. His home life: kind of stinks. He lives with his mean old grandma because his mom died in a plane crash. She was a pilot for one of those big airliners, and Jacen secretly told me once, that he wanted to be a pilot of some kind when he got older. Jacen acts like a goof in my opinion, because he doesn't want people to know that he isn't always as happy-go-lucky