In honor of my account turning 1 years old I am posting this story! :) This is a Modern!AU for Percy Jackson. It includes Punk!Percy and a Girly!Annabeth. So if the characters seem a little OOC, there is a reason for it! All the other characters will be included, with some minor changes to them. But mostly a lot of their big personality traits and passions will be kept. So please send me a PM or review your thoughts on the characters and any suggestions for them as well! This is a Percabeth fanfic with fluff, angst, hurt/comfort, and of course, ROMANCE! Also this fic is rated T for some romantic scenes that will be coming up in later chapters and cursing (mostly from Percy and his group) The pairings in this fic are mostly canon (aka: Percabeth, Jasper, Caleo, etc...) with some less than canon pairings (Luke/Annabeth mainly) Also this fic is going to be a slow build if you know what I mean. Things will take time and I hope you are patient with the story line because I don't want to see this rushed. So please enjoy and review your thoughts. Every comment is appreciated :) Annabeth Chase was curling her hair for the first day of school. She was already dressed and her makeup was flawless. Her smoky eye shadow make her grey eyes a piercing color. Her navy dress came down to her knees and had white polka dots. Her peach heels sitting right beside her, ready to be put on before she headed down stairs and left for her first day of Senior year. As she fixed her blonde hair her mind wandered. She was captain of the cheer team at her school, Olympus High. And she was dating the Quarterback, Luke Castellan. Her grades were straight A's, with not one below a 95. Everything was going according to plan. She would date Luke through High School, he would get a football scholarship and she would get a cheerleading one to Jupiter University in New Rome, California. They could then marry, after they got their degrees. Luke would work for his father, Hermes, and take over Mercury Inc, one of the biggest businesses in the United States. They dealt with shipping, technology, mail, and everything travel related. Annabeth would go and be a lawyer at the Athens Law Firm, Annabeth's mother's firm. Once her hair was perfect Annabeth touched up her mascara and grabbed her favorite lip gloss and heels. She walked down the stairs and saw her mother and father sitting at the dinning table. Her father, Frederick Chase, who was working on his newest history book was typing away furiously at his computer. Her mother was on the phone as she also typed away at her laptop, the Bluetooth earpiece attached to her ear like it usually was. "No! I told you the Smith case needs that a arson expert. Call in Wilson, he should be perfect for this case" Athena said as she typed on her laptop. Annabeth walked into the kitchen, pouring herself a cup of coffee into her thermos and grabbing a bright red apple and a granola bar, putting both in her purse for her lunch later. "Annabeth, sweetie, can you pour me a cup?" her father asked, not taking his eyes off the screen. "Sure thing dad" Annabeth said grabbing a mug from the cupboard. "Two sugars and a little bit of cream" her father said. "Alright dad" Annabeth said scooping in the sugar and pouring in the cream as she added a little to her own coffee. "Shouldn't you be off already?" her mother asked. "I am about to leave right now" Annabeth said as she walked over and set the cup of coffee down next to her father's laptop. Athena looked up from her screen for a moment and her eyes raked down Annabeth. "You look presentable" she said, turning back to the screen in front of her. "Thank you" Annabeth said smiling slightly. That was the best complement she was going to get from her mother, regardless of how she looked. Athena was a very, very, very hard person to please. Very few things met her high standards. Which was why Annabeth worked so hard to plan her life to the absolute 't'. "Are you driving today?" her father asked. "Luke usually drives her" Athena added, picking up her phone and typing in a new number. "Luke is driving me today. He wanted to start our Senior year together" Annabeth said, picking up her own phone to check for any texts. "I'll be back late tonight." Athena said then punching the call button on her phone and walking out the door. "Did you get a hold of Wilson yet?" she said as she closed the door behind her "Yes! I need him to testify! Why else would I call him! I'm not asking him out to dinner!" she shouted. "I need to meet with my editor tonight to work on getting the battle movements illustrations. So I'll be home late as well" Fredrick said. "Okay. I have cheer practice later tonight and I think Piper wants to get dinner afterwords" Annabeth said. "Okay sweetie, be safe" her father said and Annabeth kissed the top of his head as she walked back to grab her bag and thermos. She felt the buzz of her phone and looked down to see Luke's text. Be at your house in 5 min. Annabeth sighed as she grabbed all her things and put them into her purse. The first day was always an easy one. Teachers would pass out syllabuses and talk about the class. She wouldn't need her book bag until tomorrow, so Annabeth put her keys, lip gloss, and wallet into her purse and walked out the door with coffee in hand. As she locked the door behind her Luke pulled up in his brand new, red, Ford Mustang. She smiled as he got out of the car and opened the car door for her, like a gentleman, and shut it behind her as she sat down in the leather seat. Luke slid into his seat and pulled away from Annabeth's house. "You look really nice today, babe" Luke said. "Thank you" Annabeth said, smoothing out the lower half of her dress. "Mother said I looked 'presentable' " Annabeth said using air quotes. "Presentable? Wow, that's close to actually giving you a heartfelt complement." Luke joked. "She is heartfelt...sometimes" Annabeth defended. "Athena Chase. The coldhearted lawyer? The one they nicknamed the 'Warrior of the Courtroom'?" Luke said raising an eyebrow. "She does care. If she didn't I wouldn't be as well prepared for our future as I am now" Annabeth said. "You're right, babe. Just think, this is our last year in High school, then its Jupiter University." Luke said. "Only if you get that scholarship" Annabeth chided. "You know I'm good enough to get that full-ride" Luke said. "You need to make sure your grades are high enough this year. Coach almost had to put you on academic probation last year" Annabeth scolded. "Good thing I am dating the smartest girl in the school." Luke said as Annabeth looked back to the road. "You have football practice tonight?" Annabeth said. "Yeah, and then Coach wants us to stay a little later to watch the films from last year." Luke said "Why?" "Mother and Dad are both going to be out late, so I was thinking about going out to dinner with Piper. I was thinking you and Jason could tag along" she said "But don't worry about it." "Alright. Text me after practice and when you get home" Luke said as they pulled into the school student parking lot. Right as Luke parked the car and took the keys out of the ignition, a electric blue Audi R8 pulled in beside them. Annabeth smiled brighter as she got out of the car the same time Piper did. Piper McLean was Annabeth's best friend. Her father, Tristan McLean was in a bit of legal trouble a few years back and Athena was able to bail him out. Annabeth and Piper met and hit it off right away. Piper was on the cheer team with Annabeth with her boyfriend of a year, Jason Grace , was on the football team with Luke, and the co-captain with him as well. "Annabeth!" Piper squealed, hugging Annabeth tight. "Its nice to see you too Piper. You look really nice today" Annabeth said. "Thank you" Piper said, twirling in her pink lace overlay skirt. Her white top was simple but her golden dream catcher necklace was not. The style was romantic with a Native American twist, as that was Piper in a nut shell. Her father was a big Broadway star, and famous for his roles and being a prominent Native American actor. Piper's mother, Aphrodite, was the creator and owner of the biggest dating sites, Venus4You. com. "And look at you! That dress makes you look like you walked off Roman Holiday!" Piper said. "That's the one with Aubrey Hepburn right?" Jason said, slinging his back pack over his shoulder. "Try Audrey, hon." Piper said wagging her finger. "At least he was close this time" Annabeth said. "So how are you liking the first day of being seniors Jason?" Luke asked, walking over to him. "Well when we were puling in and saw you Piper screamed that it was some type of fate we got to school the same time as you and begged me to pull in beside you." Jason said "I think I still have some hearing loss" he said cleaning out his right ear. "I didn't scream that loud" Piper said, putting her hands on her hips. "Piper. I love you, but when you get too excited I think people all the way in Canada are complaining" Annabeth said, putting her hand on Piper's shoulder. Piper rolled her eyes but then resumed her pleasant attitude, clapping her hands together. "Totally untrue comments aside..its the first day of senior year! We should be excited!" she said. "Pipes, if you get anymore excited I think you might explode" Jason said. "You are being no fun" Piper pouted. "Don't be that way Pipes. Look, aren't those some of the girls on your cheer team walking inside?" Jason said pointing to the brick building as students began filling in. "Oh my god! Its Lacy! Come on Jason!" Piper said pulling her helpless boyfriend along. "See you guys later!" Jason called back as Piper pulled him towards the school. Annabeth and Luke laughed at their friends antics while Annabeth started to walk towards the school with Jason beside her as he locked the car behind them. "Here is your coffee babe" Luke said handing her the Thermos and Annabeth accepted it gladly. Annabeth was looking in her purse to see if she had grabbed everything when Luke pulled her back forcefully shouting "Annabeth!" The sudden movement caused Annabeth to drop her thermos and making coffee spill onto the pavement. Annabeth whipped her head up to see a motorcycle roar past her, missing her by a mere foot. If it hadn't been for Luke, she would have been hit dead on. "Are you alright?" Luke asked. "I'm fine" Annabeth said smoothing out her dress and fixing her hair "Who was that?" she asked looking to see who was driving the motorcycle. The person had parked his motorcycle and taken off his helmet. His raven black hair was messy and sticking up in every direction and he ran his hand through it to try and tame the mess. "Its Jackson" Luke growled, clenching his hands. "Don't get into a fight. That is no way to start your senior year" Annabeth said, touching Luke's arm to try and calm him down. "He almost ran you over!" Luke yelled then walking towards him as Annabeth hurriedly walked behind him. "Jackson! Watch where you're driving that thing!" Luke