I do not own lotr or any of the characters that I am portraying poorly. The content of this fanfiction is questionable and should not be viewed by minors. . .or anybody for that matter. Enjoy. Chapter One: Sam Runs into Frodo Sam came huffing and puffing up the hill, but no matter how quickly he moved his short legs he couldn't keep up with his brothers. He couldn't match their long, grown-up strides. "Hamson! Wait for me!" he squeaked out. "Halfred!" They threw their heads over their shoulders even as they ran and Sam saw, on the corners of their faces, smug, little grins. "What'er ye doing back there, Sam?" Hamson bellowed, much to Halfred's grinning amusement. "Picking daisies?" "No," Sam answered indignantly. "Ye know very well I'm not picking daisies. Yer both just trying to get rid of me!" he paused for a puff of breath. "Ye promised! Ye said if I took the fall for ye, ye would let me come with ye to see the lasses!" "Sam, Sam, Sam," chided Hamson, placing his hands on his hips in the fashion of a mother scolding her child for running with the butter knife, doing this even as he ran, gaining more and more distance from Sam by the second. "Bringing our nine year old brother to see lasses? That simply would not be very responsible of us, now would it?" "But ye promised!" Sam squeaked again. Hamson and Halfred were coming now to the edge of the field and only a couple more of their grown-up strides would be needed to reach the thicket, which led into a little wood that Sam was not allowed to venture into alone. "Wait!" he shouted one last time, but- "Sorry, Sam! Maybe when yer older!" And then they were gone. Sam skidded to a halt. He could hear the rustling they made, their snickering laughs as they dashed away, running as if they thought Sam still might chase them and make the whole situation all the more laughable. In Sam's head the image of him tangled in a snag-bush came to mind; flapping and flailing, his hands beating at the branches no better than baby fists. "They may go a-breakin' their promises," he said to himself. "but I wouldn't give them that to remember, no sir! Never'd I live it down!" Sam turned around to head back home, feeling momentarily proud of himself for not following them in. "The Gaffer may think me a Ninnyhammer, but I'm smarter than those two. What if they got caught in a snag-bush. Funniest thing in the world that would be and no mistake! Then I could call them Ninnyhammers and they would have to take me with them to see the girls next time, because The Gaffer would think me older, in mind that is, than them. And they would have to follow me around, because The Gaffer would say so." Sam reached the end of the field as he entertained himself with these thoughts and came into sight of his home, a low Smial, small and quaint, but the homiest home he ever did live in (the only one too). And it looked even smaller and even quainter compared to Bag End, which sat high and. . .Sam searched for a description. "Scholar-like," he finally said, nodding to himself. "Jus' like old Bilbo inside." And it was a good description. There was something in the way the hill flowed around it. It wasn't stout and imposing like so many of the gentry's homes, but more graceful and more practically built, with that cheery, green door-taller than The Gaffer!- and round, that seemed to say 'good times are just inside'. Not that Bag End was a place for Sam's enjoyment. No, he knew very well that it was a place to work at and he also knew that in due time, when he was as big as his ninnyhammer brothers, he would go to work there too, just like The Gaffer. And even though he was reminded time and time again that it wasn't a place for him to go playing around in, he couldn't help but enjoy it there. Didn't matter if The Gaffer was showing him the ropes in the garden or if Bilbo had invited them inside for a quick cup of tea. It felt like a second home. He reached the dirt road by his own home and bent over, hands on his knees, to catch his breath. He eyed the round door (crude, it was, and humble; especially compared to Bag End). "No way I'm going in there right now," he sighed to himself, remembering how his brothers had broken The Gaffer's favorite shovel and told Marigold that Sam had done it. He regretted not setting her straight on that, but his brothers had promised that if he accepted the blame they would take him to visit the lasses. They were always sneaking out to see them right under The Gaffer's nose! Well, Sam's curiosity had betrayed him and he took the fall. And what did he get in return? More of his brother's tricks, that is what! Sam stood there trying to decide what to do next, but ran out of time all too quickly. He didn't notice the sun rolling low in the rosy sky and the hum of night-crickets, calling the nightly orchestra together. It was early evening, but the time didn't even cross his mind until he heard his Gaffer's whistling, approaching from Bag End. Sam jumped at the sound and went to hide behind the smial, where he crouched, heart pounding, in a little, prickly bush and listened. He heard his Gaffer open the squeaking door and enter, feet clomping over the threshold. Sam waited in dread for a minute before the door opened again. "Sam! Ye get yerself in here right now, wherever ye are!" Came his voice, hot with anger. 'Oh, this is defiantly not worth it! Oh no, no, no!' he thought frantically to himself. 'Hadn't even thought about the Gaffer coming home first! Marigold would believe me, but the Gaffer would jus' say I was a fibber! He'll box my ears for sure!' Sam heard him shutting the door behind him, followed by a pair of quieter footsteps behind his own heavy ones (Marigold, could it be?). "Ye think he ran?" She asked, confirming Sam's suspicion. "No," The Gaffer answered as he rounded the corner and came into sight. "Samwise isn't much the running type. He'll be hiding 'round here somewhere, I warrant." Sam froze. He could see The Gaffer and Marigold through the bush's branches, but they didn't seem to see him. They didn't seem to be able to see much at all, the back of the Smial being set in the darkening shadow of the larger Bag End hill. If Sam could just sneak back a ways without making noise… He untangled himself from the bush's hooks and to his relief the leaves didn't crackle or rake loudly against his crude-knit clothes. He eased himself out silently, away from The Gaffer and Marigold, backwards without a sound. Then he was free, spun around and ran as quickly and as quietly as he ever had, dashed headlong up the hill, up all the way to the back of Bag End and dove head first into the hedge (a wall of green that enclosed the bright, summery gardens). He turned back and peeped his face (smeared now with dirt) through the hedge. Marigold was heading back inside now, hands on her hips. The Gaffer was still rooted in the same spot, though, craning his neck around and shaking his head. Sam had to bite his tiny fist to keep himself from shrieking with mirth. But for all his efforts he couldn't help giggling a bit. "Alright now. I'll just cut through the garden real quick before I get caught and…and…oh dear. What now?" "Samwise Gamgee!" came The Gaffer's voice, suddenly closer. "I saw ye run up this way! Ye better not be in the Baggin's Gardens!" "Oh dear!" Sam tumbled back, crushing a couple of delicate lilies. He sprang to his feet and shot through the garden as fast as his little legs could carry him. But he didn't look where he was going. A great tree root seemed to materialize out of nowhere. He tripped, was airborne for a split second, and then with an " oof! " he flopped across someone's lap. "Oh!" cried a voice. And this is how Sam found himself with his belly pressed against the pages of a flattened book. He looked up and was struck dumb by the face staring back down at him. "Yer an Elf!" he blurted. The elf jumped. He looked to be a little younger than Halfred, but 'then again,' Sam reasoned with himself. 'Elves can get older even than The Gaffer and still look young!' His face was the color of the cat's favorite cream, with rosy cheeks, that glowed even rosier in the evening light. His curls were dark, nearly raven-black, and had a reddish glow. But all of those things weren't nearly as strange as his eyes. They were wide like a child's and bluer than the bluest blue. The elf seemed just as shocked as Sam felt. "No," he finally answered. "What are you doing?" Sam lifted himself and crouched at the elf's side with a set look upon his face. He crossed his arms and ignored the question. "What do ye think yer doing, Mr. Elf, sneaking in Mr. Bilbo's garden? I don't think he would rightly appreciate it." To his surprise, the elf burst out laughing. Sam shrunk back a bit, his face going hot. "Now I'm being serious," he muttered through his own embarrassment. "My Gaffer says folk will come and try to find Mr. Bilbo's treasure to take for their own. I say, yer not allowed to go taking from Mr. Bilbo, if that is what ye were going about." This just made him laugh all the harder, but he finally did calm down, wiped loose tears from his eyes. "It's good to know that my uncle's guards are so dedicated," he said and then added, "My name is Frodo Baggins. I'm going to be living here for a while." "Oh," said Sam shyly, his face burning even hotter. " Baggins . I r-reckon yer a hobbit then." "I wish I were an elf," he offered. "My name is Samwise Gamgee, but ye should jus' call me a ninnyhammer. S'what my Gaffer says and it seems he's right. Beggin' yer pardon, but please don't go thinkin' that all Gamgees are ninnyhammers jus' 'cause you met the ninnyhammerest of them all." "I don't think you're a ninnyhammer, Samwise. I think you're funny." "Ye think I'm funny?" Frodo nodded with a grin and Sam put his hands to his face, bashfully hiding behind his fingers. "Ye-ye can call me 'Sam' if you want to. The Gaffer only calls me 'Samwise' if I'm in trouble." "Alright, Sam." Sam beamed, then hesitantly removed his hands and dropping them at his sides. "So, if'n ye don't mind me askin', why did you come to live here, then?" "Oh," said Frodo softly. There was a sudden sadness in his eyes and for a moment, to Sam's shock, he looked like he was about to cry, but the moment passed and he finally answered. "I just missed Bilbo terribly and wanted to stay with him for a while." "Yer Mum and da' were okay with letting you come?" Sam gasped out, clearly impressed. "Mine would never let me leave. The Gaffer would say I was lazy and wanting to get out of garden work, but that's not true, because I like garden work." There was that look again in Frodo's eyes, but again it passed. "You're Gaffer ? Would that be Hamfast?" "Yes sir! He's yer gardener and I'll be next after him! He's a-trainin' me!" "Goodness.