I've been battling with the idea of starting a LOTR fanfiction, mainly because I couldn't think of any ideas that weren't cliché and very Mary-Sueish. Yes, this is a 'Falls into Middle Earth' take, I'm testing the waters here, but hopefully the mindset I have with this storyline won't end up a total disappointment. I hope that you all get to enjoy it! Please Rate and Review so I know if I should continue with this! Disclaimer: I hold no claim to any of the canon characters, only my original characters. Some believe that the Universe holds greater mysteries. I never really thought about it myself, up until the moment that this so-called 'mystery' came face to face with me and my daughter. Whatever happens, it's up to me to protect her and keep her safe from all the things in this world that want to harm her. After all, that's what fathers do. Quick footsteps. Lots of shuffling. Occasional tripping on the carpet and cursing. John Howard struggled to put his pants on and stuff his feet in his tennis shoes before grabbing the car keys and dashing out the apartment door. Damn. He had forgotten Mirian's gymnastic performance at the high school. Twice . It took a TV commercial on the Olympics to remind him of his promise to her. 'Shit, she's going to kill me.' He thought as he got into the car, fumbling with the seat-belt for a second or two before turning on the engine and backing out of the parking lot. On his way to Preston High School, John couldn't help but beat himself up for this. He hadn't done it intentionally; his mind was just…off. It has been like that ever since his ex-wife passed away 3 months ago. Naturally, he gained custody of his 15-year-old daughter who he could barely talk to. About 15 minutes later, John pulled up into the school's driveway and parked at an empty spot, not even bothering to notice he had done so diagonally before he was out of the car and running off to the school gymnasium. 'This school is a damn maze!' He thought, panting as he had been running around the place for at least 3 minutes now. Finally, he saw a sign on the double doors labeled 'GYM' and pushed through them. When he saw people already heading out through the exit doors, John realized he hadn't made it in time. He was too late. With a face of defeat, he walked past the other parents congratulating their daughters for their performance, and on the benches he spotted Mirian carelessly stuffing her gymnastic clothes in her duffel bag. She zipped it, put the strap over one shoulder and looked up, pausing when she saw her father. John nearly winced at the look she was giving him. He made slow steps toward her. "Hunny, I'm so sorry –" He started, but Mirian just walked right past him. "Forget it, let's just go." She mumbled, but there was obvious contempt in those words. John sighed and looked up at the ceiling before following after her. The first half of the drive back home was awkwardly silent. He didn't know what to say to her. Sorry obviously wouldn't cut it. He stopped at a red light and drummed his fingers on the wheel for a second. "So…how was it?" He finally asked, but received no answer. He glanced over to Mirian who had her face turned to the window. It seemed like she was going to keep giving him the cold shoulder for the rest of the night. 'Can't say I blame her.' He thought, looking back ahead as the light turned green and he began to drive again. Once they pulled up on the parking lot, he turned the engine off and got out of the car. Mirian shut the door hard speed-walking up to the sidewalk and up the stairs. Once again John sighed and followed after her. Getting inside, he slowly shut the door behind him and went upstairs to Mirian's bedroom where she was already laying in bed with the headphones on. John leaned in and knocked on the door before walking up and sitting at the edge of the bed. "Look Mirian, I'm sorry I didn't make it to your performance." She didn't look at him; just stared at the ceiling with a blank face. John frowned a bit and tried to put a comforting hand on her arm, but she just shrugged it off and turned her back to him. Shaking his head, he stood up and decided to just leave her alone. 'I don't know what to do anymore.' He thought, running a hand through his brown hair, making way down to the kitchen to grab something to drink. Ever since he and Mirian's mother had gotten a divorce when she was 12 she's been distant with him. He tried to mend the bond they had with each other, but with her teenage years having rolled in it became a struggle. Mandy knew how to talk to her. He didn't. John grabbed a beer can out of the fridge and popped it open before taking a large gulp. He then made way into the living room and sat on the couch, resuming his original position on it before turning the TV back on. The game was on, but he didn't pay much attention to it. It was Saturday afternoon, and John figured he'd to something to make up for missing Mirian's performance last night. He went up to her bedroom door and gave three knocks on it. He waited a few seconds, and was about to knock again when the door abruptly opened. He stared right at his daughter. "What?" She asked, sounding impatient and annoyed. John bit back his tongue to keep himself from scolding her attitude, and instead put on a pleasant smile. "Hey, I was thinking…how about you and I go out today? I heard the Carnival is in town this weekend. Remember how we used to go there sometimes?" He was met with a roll of her eyes. "I'm not a kid anymore, dad." She was about to shut the door, but he put his hand on it and pushed it back open. "Oh come on hunny, it'll be fun! Let's just go there and get a feel for it, and after 5 minutes if you still don't want to be there we'll come right back home. Okay?" Mirian stared at him for what seemed like the longest time, but finally gave an exasperated sigh, caving in. " Fine ." She went back in her room and put on some sneakers before grabbing her bag and walking out. A grinning John followed after her. They got in the car and off they went. The drive lasted 20 minutes before they found a parking spot and got out. The Carnival was bustling with noises from the many rides and the occasional scream of delight from the visitors. They made way through the green gates and John looked around, his mind filling with memories. "I'm going over there." Mirian then said, already walking off to look at some of the booths. "Stay where I can see you!" He called out to her, before he himself started to explore a little. There were the traditional trailer food stands selling funnel cakes, corn dogs, popcorn, cold drinks, and all other sorts of things. He passed the first few, before one caught his eye. Smiling, John remembered that Mirian used to love Carnival snow cones, so he went up to the stand and paid for one. Turning around, he paused and looked left and right for her. "I told her to stay where I could see her." He sighed, heading off to hunt the girl down. Surprisingly, it didn't take too long for him to find her. She was standing in front of a game booth, staring at one of the prizes. "Hey hunny, what are you looking at?" He asked as he walked up from behind her. She jumped a little. "Jesus dad! Don't just come up to me like that." She huffed, before looking at what he had. "Oh yeah, here you go," He said, extending the cherry flavored ice cone. "It's your favorite." Mirian stared at him, before shaking her head and just taking it from him. John then looked at the prize she was eying before; it was a stuffed tiger. "Do you want me to get that for you?" He asked. "Like you could, let's just keep going." She instantly said when he offered, but John wouldn't have that. "Oh come on, give your old man a try, will ya?" He walked off to a nearby ticket booth, and got 2 tickets, then came back and handed them to the game owner. "Here you go sir," He handed him an airsoft rifle. "You have 20 shots. If you hit 15 marks or above, you get to pick from the big prizes; 8-14 and you pick from the smaller ones. Good luck!" John positioned the rifle and squinted one eye as the owner pulled a lever. The targets began to move back and forth. John took 5 instant shots, hitting 2. The next 7 shots were made, hitting 5 more. The next 4 he missed altogether, and the remainder of the shots he managed to get 3 more with a final count of 10 hit marks. He sighed a bit as that was not enough to get Mirian the stuffed tiger. He could tell Mirian was disappointed too, even though her face didn't show it. "Congrats, sir! Take your pick from the small prizes." He motioned his hand to the trinkets hanging above the stand. Nothing seemed worth having. "Which one do you want?" He tentatively asked Mirian, who just sighed and walked off. John looked back at the trinkets and decided on a small penguin keychain. Stuffing the prize inside his jacket pocket, he hurried off after his daughter. "This was stupid." Mirian muttered to herself, having walked out of the Carnival. "Mirian!" John called, jogging up to her. He put a hand to her shoulder and turned her to him. "What's the matter? You don't want to get on the rides?" Mirian gave him a look. "Dad, I told you I'm not a kid anymore. I want to go home." She said, turning back around and heading off to the parking lot. John frowned and continued after her. "Mirian I'm trying here, I really am!" He said, feeling frustrated as he had no success with making her smile in the slightest. "Well, you're doing a really shitty job at it!" She spat back. That was it. John had it with her disrespect. "Do not talk to me like that young lady, I'm still your father!" He said, his tone firm. Before she could give another remark, a guy jumped in front of them and grabbed Mirian's bag before running off. She gasped. "M-My bag! He stole my bag!" She dropped her ice cone and started running after the robber. John could barely react in time to what was happening before he went after her. "Mirian stop! Get back here!" He called out. His heart already pounded like mad to the thought of the robber possibly hurting her for going after him, but the robber seemed more intent on running away from them than anything else. Mirian chased after him, and John chased after her, them crossing a street and heading well into the city woods. The sky was already dark at that time and John could barely see Mirian in front of him now. "Mirian come back!" He shouted, trying his best to keep up. He lost sight of her for a few seconds when they got deep in the woods, and had no choice but to stop to catch his breath. However, what came next threw that idea right out of his mind.