Dying was not at all like what Severus Snape had imagined. He had hoped—perhaps naively, considering his lot in life—that he might die like Albus had: Clear-eyed, with minimal suffering. Here one minute, gone the next in a flash of green. The last thing he had wanted was to linger. Still, there were worse ways to go. There was no pain, despite the thick coppery tang of blood filling his mouth, and the horrible wheezing coming from his throat. An ironic benefit of Nagini's poison. It had coursed through his veins like liquid fire until every inch of his skin flushed with fever. Then it had settled, turning his blood to lead as it pinned him to the rotting floorboards of the Shrieking Shack. Forgive me. Exactly whose forgiveness he was asking, Snape wasn't entirely sure. No one. Everyone. One person in particular. He remembered the grass tickling the soles of his bare feet. The sweet, heady scent of asphodel and wormwood in the fields behind his childhood home. The particles of dust waltzing through beams of sunlight filtering in through the library window. The way the light stained her skin gold as the smell of dusty tomes filled his nostrils. The feel of his stomach clenching at the sharp whistle of the Hogwarts Express. The agony of her cool hand cupped around his ear, her warm breath whispering secrets. The pleasant bubbling of a cauldron and the tightness in his chest when he first realized that Amortentia would always smell like her perfume. His past was bleeding into the present, just as his future was bleeding out of the gaping wound in his neck. If he had breath to spare, Snape would have laughed. Death, he mused, had a way of bending time to its will. He wasn't sure how long he'd been lying there, or how long he'd have to relive his regrets. His only concept of time was how very little of it was left. But at some point, he realized he was no longer alone. Someone was propping him up, shaking his shoulders gently. "Professor…" It was the boy. All at once, the haze of Nagini's poison lifted. Snape saw himself rushing through the halls, looking for the Boy Who Lived, his chest heavy with the fear that once again, he was too late. And now here he was. The boy was thinner than when he'd last glimpsed him in the woods. And his eyes—her eyes—were older. Briefly, Snape wondered what Lily would say if she could see her son now. And what she would say to him for his role in shepherding the boy to his death. Fisting his fingers in the boy's shirt, Snape forced himself upright. A clever man might have found another way. A braver man would've told the boy everything while he still had the chance. Snape swallowed. He had never been brave or clever when it counted. You could be now . The fields behind the mill—the first place he'd ever laid eyes on her. The thrill of holding her hand that first September on the Hogwarts Express. His humiliation when she refused his apology. Cold, bespectacled gray eyes when he'd begged for their lives on his knees. For the boy's life. The years he spent scraping together whatever dignity he had left. His rage in Albus' office when it all became clear just how useless his efforts had been. One by one he plucked the shattered fragments from his mind and let them go. He watched the silvery wisps curl through the air, carrying with them the last of his strength. "My memories," he rasped. "Take them." For a second, he saw pity in the boy's eyes. Just a few hours ago, that would have irked him. "Look at me." The boy's eyes were a brilliant shade of emerald green. He couldn't explain why, but that comforted him. His forgetfulness should have upset him. Instead, Snape felt himself fade into those emerald depths, his soul slipping free of the weight of the past twenty years. — The rain fell in thick globs, plastering his hair to his skin. Around them, the air crackled with the promise of thunder. The wind whipped through the tall grass, and jagged white fingers of electricity streaked through a purple-black sky. It was like nature was mocking him. When he was small, in the days before his father left, his mother used to scoop him up onto her lap during summer storms. They'd sit by the window in the kitchen, tracing old runes into the condensation. He wasn't sure why he'd told her that. Maybe because Fifth Year was looming and this was the only way he knew how to keep her close. "Do you miss him?" He shrugged, wiping away his hair—and maybe some tears—with the back of his hand. "He doesn't miss us." Her hand found his, her tiny fingers slipping into the spaces between his. Somehow, her skin was still cool despite the rare sticky heat. Though, it could have easily been the blush from his cheeks. Suddenly, he was glad for the rain. "Well I'll miss you. Even if you are the biggest jerk this side of Manchester." "You're only going for a week." "Yeah," she scrunched her nose. Not for the first time, he noticed her freckles reminded him of constellations in the night sky. "But it's a family vacation with Petunia." "We should probably go back inside." "Aw, Sev. We're leaving tomorrow and I won't see you until school starts." She poked him in the rib. Despite his best efforts, he felt the corner of his lip quirk and was rewarded with the sound of her laughter. "Besides, a bit of rain never hurt anybody." — He woke up to his forehead smacking against the window of the Hogwarts Express. He supposed he had fallen asleep that way, curled up with his head against the cool glass, his neck bent at an odd angle. The train was strangely quiet. In all his years, he'd never been able to sleep on the ride home. Students chattering about summer plans, promising to send owls or make arrangements for trips to buy school supplies at Diagon Alley. The air had always been thick with conversations that had no room for him. But what really kept him up was the dread of returning home—a place with no friends, no magic, and nothing to distract him from the truth of his circumstances. The ride home after seventh year had been the happiest. He'd left behind nothing in that rickety house, and now that he was a grown wizard, he had no reason to return. He had already found a flat with his friends, and finding a job was unnecessary because... Snape blinked. He hadn't been a student in over twenty years. Glancing out the window, Snape furrowed his brows. Outside, there was no British countryside with its rolling hills and gray skies. There was only the dark walls and bloodstained floorboards of the Shrieking Shack. In the middle of the room stood the boy, Weasley and Granger, their eyes wide with shock at the body on the floor. His body. Snape's hand flew to his neck. He remembered the sting of fangs sinking into his skin, the gush of blood oozing from the wound. But when he pulled his fingers away they were clean. "It can be a bit of a shock at first." He swallowed. There, sitting across from him, was Albus Dumbledore in all his glory. His white beard; eyes that crinkled at the corners; half-moon glasses with dirty lenses. Everything was just as he remembered—all, except the hand that should have been charred black. Dumbledore followed his gaze and chuckled. "I don't understand," he said. His voice sounded hollow, almost as if it didn't belong to him. "You're dead." "So are you, Severus." "I know, but…" he paused. There were so many things he had to ask. Had they won? Did time flow the same here as there? If he was dead, why was he on the Hogwarts Express? Could he go back and watch over the living? (Not that he had any desire to). What came next? Was this all there was? "I don't have many answers, Severus. As much as I'd like otherwise, that's not how it works here." "I don't—" "Understand. Yes, I know." Albus said, leaning back into the seat. "These trains never were all that comfortable, were they?" Snape swallowed and chanced a look out the window. The boy and his friends were gone, but to their credit—and his surprise—they had folded his arms and clasped his hands over his navel. He was still lying in a puddle of his own blood, but whoever came to collect his body would see that he'd been moved. Laid to rest, so to speak. "Albus," he whispered. "Yes, Severus?" "What are we doing here?" Dumbledore laced his fingers neatly over his lap. As far as Snape could recall, he only ever did that when there were no satisfactory answers. The silence stretched between them for one heartbeat, then two, and finally three before Dumbledore spoke. "I've been dead a while longer than you, my friend, but you must understand, death…is not…" Dumbledore paused, his lips pursed as he searched for the right word. "Whatever this is, it does not belong to you. There are things we must do before we are allowed to rest." "Things?" "Talking with people mostly. They come and go. Sometimes they help you, other times you help them. Every once in a while, you help each other." "You must be terribly busy then," Snape muttered. To his credit, Dumbledore chuckled. "It has been rather eventful. But I am glad to see you, if only to thank you. I imagine it's been an unpleasant year." Snape grimaced. He had attained everything he'd ever dreamed of—a position of power, influence, and fame—but it had been nothing like he wanted. Most days, he had woken up wishing he could go back to his cauldrons, back to the days where he had the begrudging respect of his peers and an uneventful life. The worst part was he'd died before he got the chance to see it through. "If the boy failed, does any of it matter?" Dumbledore sighed, his shoulders slumping. "I'm certain she would think so." Blinking, Snape stared blankly at Dumbledore. "She?" There was something that unnerved him about the way the amused twinkle faded from Dumbledore's eyes. Snape fidgeted in his seat. He'd revealed himself lacking—in what way exactly, he wasn't sure, but lacking nonetheless. "Severus." Dumbledore's eyes flickered down to Snape's neck. His voice was calm and quiet. Almost as if he were speaking to a skittish creature that might scurry away at the slightest provocation. "How did you tell Harry what he needed to do?" Snape opened his mouth to answer, but the words died on his tongue. Thankfully, the train slowing as it pulled into its destination saved him the agony of having to remember. Outside, the scene of his lifeless body had disappeared. The dreary walls of the Shrieking Shack had faded into a lush, verdant hill by a babbling creek. In the distance he spied an old mill, the kind that sputtered dark plumes of smoke at all hours of the day. It was an odd, but familiar sight. He'd spent a lot of time in fields like this—back when he was still a lonely child waiting for his Hogwarts letter. It was then that Snape noticed the train had stopped. The door to the compartment slid open, and before he had time to think, Dumbledore was already out of his seat stretching his long arms and knees. "Well I suppose this is your stop, Severus." "My stop?" "Surely you didn't think you'd spend the rest of eternity on the Hogwarts Express." Dumbledore chuckled. "It appears we've reached the end of our time together." Snape licked his lips, his gut