TheHours of Waiting ' You and I, we must endure with patience the hours of waiting.' The first day … he saw her, as she stood upon the walls, and she was clad all in white, and gleamed in the sun. And he called to her, and she came down, and they walked on the grass or sat under a green tree together, now in silence, now in speech. He walked beside her, his hands clasped behind his back, accommodating his stride to hers, but without looking at her; his face was grave and quiet. 'There is no news, then?' she asked finally. 'No, none,' he answered, and then with sudden intensity, 'None, except that the sun is still shining, and the City is still standing, and there's a free wind blowing. That is good news for many who not long ago never expected to see another dawn.' 'Does it matter?' she asked dully. 'If not today, then tomorrow, or the next day…' 'It does matter,' he said, 'for though He may conquer, and His victory last beyond any day that we can foresee, and none be left to remember these things, yet they will have been, and that he cannot change. And the joy we have in them, we shall have had, and He cannot take it from us though he take all else.' He fell silent again, but soon after paused in his walk, laying a hand lightly on her am. 'Listen!' 'What is it, my lord?' 'Only a robin. There, in the apple-tree.' He stood very still, as if the thin sweet song was worth infinite attention. A moment later the song was interrupted, and with a brief fluttering of brown wings, the bird alighted on the grass a few yards away, and after a sidelong glance at the two of them, hopped to within a few inches of their feet. She looked from the tiny creature to the tall man, and saw that he was smiling with, she thought, the same impartial tenderness he had yesterday showed to her; then he moved his hand gently, and the robin, rather alerted than alarmed, flew off. 'We are friends, he and I,' he said, turning back to her, 'but it is as well for such as him not to learn too much trust in men.' 'A good lesson, my lord,' she said bitterly, 'and not only for your small birds!' 'Maybe,' he answered gravely, but his eyes held a glint of amusement that stung the colour into her cheeks. She turned away angrily. 'Do all the great warriors of Gondor spend their hours of leisure talking to the birds?' she asked, mocking him, but he answered with complete seriousness. 'Not many of them, perhaps. Though to my mind there are worse ways to pass the time. Do you only snare your birds, then, in Rohan?' 'Sometimes. I never thought that it mattered.' 'Snares matter. Snares and cages. Years ago, when I was a child, I knew a lady who kept a lark in a cage. One fine morning I climbed through her window and took the cage and set the lark free.' She smiled in spite of herself. 'And did the lady find out?' 'I put the empty cage back in its place and crept away, but I confessed later when I overheard the lady scolding her maid for letting the bird go. I was sorry for the maid, but not for what I'd done.' Larks and robins! She thought. Here he stands on the edge of the dark, talking nonsense about a robin's song and an empty cage … I hate cages … perhaps it does matter. She heard her own voice saying, free from mockery this time, 'It was always the swifts I listened for, in Rohan, in the spring. And looked for them, in the empty sky, when the spring wind blew.' 'And so did I. I always watched for them returning here, over the city, in April, fearing every year that they might not come, but they always did. Sometimes, from the highest pinnacle of our tower, over there, you can see them flying beneath you. Sometimes, when the summer sky is so bright that it blinds you, you can't see them, but you can still hear their calls, so high you'd think they had flown up to the sun.' 'Perhaps they do fly to the sun,' she said with sudden vehemence. 'They are free to fly where they will, and never set foot to ground where they can be caged.' 'And yet every year they come back, faithfully, of their own free will,' he answered, and then, with infinite sadness, 'I'd like to think that … afterwards …there will still be swifts. Perhaps even a robin, somewhere.' She did not answer. It was not until later that she realised that for a good hour she had been taken out of her own grief. When she did realise it, she felt angry, as if she had been cheated. And each day after that they did likewise. The second day He was standing under the apple tree, examining one of the blossoms intently – like a gardener estimating the chances of a good crop, she thought, with a touch of scorn – but with more intensity. As if he had never seen a tree in blossom before, she thought; and then, with sudden chill understanding: it is not that he has never seen one before. It is that he never expects to see one again. He looked up and smiled as she approached. 'A good flowering,' he said lightly. 'We can have cruel frosts, here under Mindolluin, but by the end of March we can usually account ourselves safe. I've known this tree all my life; he's a generous old soul, and I'm glad he has been able to give us the flowers one last time, if not the fruit.' He sat on the bench beneath the gnarled and valiant old tree and motioned to her to sit beside him; she obeyed, though her first impulse had been to escape. Escape from what? From his courtesy? His gentleness and compassion? Rather from her own uncomfortable and growing conviction that he could see into her heart, see things that she would have died rather than reveal to any living man… He was sitting very still, his hands loosely clasped in his lap, not looking at her, not seeming to feel the need for further speech, and somewhere above their heads the robin was singing again, and she heard the beauty of the song, and saw the delicacy of the apple blossom with the delicate gold stamens at the heart of every tiny flower. How long was it since she had noticed such things? And why must he make her notice them now, when she was so set upon misery, and when the world was about to end, and nothing mattered any more? She sat and drew her misery around her, like a protective cloak, but she could not keep out the robin, or the apple tree, or his compassion, or the peace that was creeping treacherously into her heart. She wanted to go away and never see him again. She wanted to stay where she was, exactly like this, for ever. A long time later he spoke again. 'I don't know your land well, lady Éowyn, though I know something of your people and their history. Is it very beautiful, your land?' 'Yes,' she answered, with more warmth than she had intended, 'it is very beautiful. Have you never seen it, then?' 'Only once, so long ago I can remember little of it, except that it was a land of grass. It's the scent of the grass I remember, and a wild horse-herd passing, belly deep in the grass; it must have been springtime, much as it is now.' 'Spring is a good time,' she exclaimed eagerly, unaware of her eagerness, caught up in memory, 'but not the best time of all. The best time of all is the beginning of winter, when the stallions drive the wild herds out of the desolate places to our homesteads in the Eastfold, where they can find food and shelter and yet not be under the hand of man. The wildness and the beauty and the freedom of them….' She checked herself. This was the second time he had stirred the old longing for freedom, the old yearning for life in her heart, and it hurt bitterly, so that she felt she hated him for it. And yet the beauty of it was with her. He did not answer, but she was aware that he had turned towards her; he held out a hand as it to clasp hers, then, as she flinched away, abruptly withdrew it, and although his face was as calm as ever she knew she had hurt him. It was frightening to be able to hurt one who had seemed so strong, untouchable by any word or feeling of hers, like … It was herself she hated. Yet a moment later, when she forced herself again to meet his eyes, she realised he was smiling. She could have screamed and hit him, or laughed and kissed him, but in the end did neither. It was harder than she had thought, to be ungentle with him. 'Having spent so little time in Rohan,' he said presently, as if there had been no dangerous stirring of feeling, 'I never had a chance to learn your speech. Will you teach me?' Now she was merely puzzled. 'Teach you our tongue? When we have so little time?' 'There may be little time, but to my mind one thing that never wastes time is to learn, and in particular to learn words. To learn a new word for a thing is to see the thing in a new way. Almost to re-make it.' 'You talk like an old harper I once knew,' she answered unguardedly. 'He sang other men's songs, but also made his own. He said that every time he made a new song he made a new world.' 'And so he did. As for me, I never had a chance to play the harp, but I do have a great love of words.' He looked at her again, expectantly, and not knowing what else to do, she looked round her and began to name all she saw in her own tongue, and found herself laughing at his mistakes as he repeated the words and strove to remember the ever-lengthening list. Presently he sat back and said, with simple satisfaction, 'Enough! I cannot re-make the whole city all in one day.' 'You remember well, but speak the words very badly,' she chided, and then, fearing to be thought discourteous, began to apologise, but he checked her with a smile. 'I'll try to improve, but even if I had a hundred years to practise them, they would never come as sweetly from my lips as from-' She stiffened and he pulled himself up abruptly. There was an uncomfortable silence. He rose to his feet, saying, 'Well, the sun is high in the sky, and I have an appointment with Master Warden. Sit on here in peace, my Lady, and try not to think too hardly of me.' Before she could think of an answer, he had bowed to her and was gone. The third day And the Warden looking from his window was glad in heart, for his care was lightened… 'Hold the arm so, my lady, if you please… and so … does it pain you if I press here? And here? Ah, excellent. Already the bone begins to knit, as young bones will. A little patience, a little longer with the sling, and it will be as good as new.' The Warden finished tying the bandage and sat back, his old face creasing into lines of contentment. Does he not realise that we stand at the end of