Note: HERE IT IS! The sequel to my original story Keep Fighting. This one follows Sydney Harper during and after the epilogue of Keep Fighting. If you haven't read that story yet, you'll probably be extremely confused, so go read it first! I promise it's worth it. We pick up right after Katniss and Peeta leave thirteen to go home, and Sydney and Gale remain to pick up the pieces of Panem and put them back together. I watched the door slowly close behind her as she walked out of the apartment for the last time. It was really happening. I sunk down into the small couch that decorated the living room and put my head in my hands, letting out a deep sigh. I wasn't sure if it was relief or sadness or some strange combination of both, but I knew one thing for sure; the nightmare was over. Of course I was upset that Katniss was leaving district thirteen for good. She had become my best friend and sister over the past two months, and letting her leave was hard, but I would see her soon, and I knew this was the best thing for her to do. After everything that had happened to us, she deserved to go home and be happy. She deserved to relax. We all did. "Are you alright Sydney?" I felt the couch dip down next to me, and Gale's hand rested on my knee. I nodded my head without lifting it. Suddenly, I felt like I was going to cry. I leaned my head into Gale and buried my face in his chest. I felt the tears start to roll down my cheeks, and I didn't bother stopping them. He wrapped his strong arms around me and rested his chin on the top of my head. He didn't say a word, and I was grateful for that. Gale always knew exactly what to do when I was upset, should it be trying to talk it out or just letting me complain. That was one of the things I appreciated most about our relationship. He knew me better than anyone, and I could always rely on him to be there when I needed him most. Was it a relationship? I wasn't totally sure. I had spent practically all of my time with him since we got out of the Capitol prison, but it wasn't like we were Katniss and Peeta. We didn't share a bed or parade ourselves around as a couple. We hadn't talked about what we were exactly, and I didn't want to bring it up. This was comfortable. This was nice, but most importantly, this was easy. I had fallen head over heels in love with Gale over the past two weeks. If I had liked him before, it was nothing compared to now. He was my rock, and I needed him more than anything. It wasn't that I didn't think he felt the same about me, it was just that I was afraid that trying anything more would ruin what we already had. Did I want to rip all of his clothes of and jump on him? Yes. Would I? No. I could stab myself in the stomach with a knife or take on the most powerful dictator in Panem, but when it came to love I was terrified. Katniss got frustrated with us. I remember a specific conversation we had over lunch two days before she left. "Why don't you just go for it?" She said with an exasperated sigh. "I'm sick of watching you both chicken out every time something's about to happen." "It's more complicated than that." I answered, stirring my food around my plate anxiously. "I'm afraid of losing him. If we try something and it doesn't work, I don't want to destroy what we have now. I couldn't handle that. I need him Katniss. I need him by my side or I don't think I could force myself to wake up in the morning." She threw her fork down on her plate and glared at me. "It's called love Syd! That's why you go after it. You're not going to lose him. You two are perfect for each other, and if you never take the next step, you'll never find out exactly what you're missing." I rolled my eyes and leaned back in my chair, running my hands through my hair. She didn't understand. It had never been like that with her and Peeta. He had been all over her since they met, so she never had to worry about rejection. When I brought this up to her, she laughed at me. "You honestly think Gale will reject you? Sydney…he's in love with you. He would bend over backwards to make you happy. I've never seen him like this, and I've known him for a long time. He's waiting for you to make the first move because he's scared just like you are." She put her hand on my arm. "Look, if neither of you do anything, you'll lose your chance. Just go for it. You'll never get anywhere in life if you don't try." "I hate when you make sense." I said, standing up and putting my tray on the conveyor. I could feel the smirk from across the room, so I turned and glared at her. She just kept smiling all the way to training. I knew she was right, but even after that I hadn't done anything, but neither had he. I stopped crying and pulled myself away from him, wiping my eyes with the back of my hand. I frowned when I saw the numbers engraved on my forearm, the everlasting reminder of what I had been through. I turned my head and looked into Gale's deep grey eyes. They were soft and strong, and he looked so concerned for me. Having people who cared about me wasn't something I was used to, but I had to admit that it was a nice feeling. "I'll be fine." I said, running my hand through his dark brown hair. He was still frowning, wondering if my breakdown would continue. "It's just sad. That the squad's disbanding. I'm going to miss everyone." "It is sad, but we'll see them soon. I'm sure everyone will travel to twelve for the wedding. None of us would miss it for the world. Everyone's moving on, but it's not over. Finnick and Furman will both still live in thirteen, and the Commander has big plans for you, so it's not so bad." I nodded my head in agreement. "It's mainly them, Katniss and Peeta. They're the heart of this squad." "I know you're going to miss her. It's tough letting those Everdeens go." He smiled at me and laughed. I thought about Prim. It wasn't just Katniss who was moving back to thirteen. Prim was leaving too. It had been hard at first, being around her. Every time I looked at her I wanted to go back in time and make it so she wasn't hurt. I would have figured something out, a better way to sacrifice myself for her. Seeing her in that chair broke my heart, and it took me a while to even speak to her at first. We had formed a bond in the arena that couldn't be broken, but it didn't change the fact that I felt sick when she came around me. If she hadn't tried to save my life, she never would have been burned. I had said goodbye to the younger Everdeen earlier that day. I knocked on her compartment door, and her mother answered. "Is Prim here?" I asked softly, leaning against the doorframe. I knew Mrs. Everdeen didn't hate me, but she wasn't my biggest fan after what had happened to Prim. She was getting over it, but it would take a while, which I understood. It didn't hurt that I had saved Katniss' life in prison and her sanity in the arena by saving her from choosing between Prim and me. She nodded and moved aside to let me in, pointing down the hallway. Prim was setting her things into a small suitcase. She was struggling to put the last dress in the top because she sat down too low in her wheelchair, so I quickly walked over and helped her. I pulled the zipper around the suitcase and it closed nicely, and Prim smiled at me. "Thanks. I'm not tall enough for that." She always said things like that. She never referred to herself as crippled or disabled, and she tried to do everything normally, but when she couldn't manage it, she would say she wasn't tall enough or strong enough or old enough. She never said she couldn't because of her disability, and I admired her for that. "Well you're lucky I was here to rescue you." I said suavely, raising my eyebrows at her. She let out a high-pitched giggle. "So are you excited to go home?" I asked as I picked the suit case up off the bed. She nodded her head feverishly, and winced at the pain. Sudden movements were the worst, and it took her a moment to recover. "They say I'll get even better there. There is no limit to how fast I'll recover, and when I'm well enough, I'll even get a fake foot. Then Peeta and I will be twins." I laughed and tussled her hair. She often made these comments to Peeta, and he would scoff at her, which made us all laugh. "But I'm kind of sad. Our life here wasn't so bad. I know they say that I'll be better off back home, but I'm going to miss it in thirteen. You're here. And Finnick and Gale and Commander Jacobs, plus all of the doctors and nurses I've worked with. It's just hard to leave something like this behind." She sighed and wheeled herself around, heading out the door. I grabbed the suitcase from the floor and followed her. It amazed me how mature Prim could be. We walked out into the living room, and Mrs. Everdeen took the bag off my hands. She mouthed a thank you to me, and walked out the door. Prim took one last look around. "Goodbye compartment. I'll miss your stuffy rooms and your terrible water pressure." She blew it one last sarcastic kiss. I knelt down and hugged her lightly, being careful not to irritate her burns. "I'm going to miss you." I said sadly. We had spent a lot of time together while she was recovering, and she had helped me pull through the depression I was thrown into after the games. "Don't be sad Sydney. We'll always be with each other, at least in spirit and memories. I don't know about you, but I'll never forget what you did for me in those games. We helped each other survive, and you can't break a bond like that. You're stuck with me forever." She wheeled out the door and I followed, shutting it behind me. "You're something else Sydney Harper. You're going to do amazing things someday, I know it." I rolled my eyes at her. "Whatever you say Prim." I knew I was going to be placed in command, and I hoped I could make a difference, but I didn't know how many great things I would do. Things were finally looking up for Panem, and I definitely wanted to help in anyway I could. "I've got to go say goodbye to your sister. She's undoubtedly crying her eyes out anticipating our separation." I said sarcastically. I kissed Prim on the forehead. "Goodbye Prim. Enjoy your home, and keep your sister sane for me." "They're both pretty amazing." I said to Gale, snapping out of my memories and back into reality. "But I think we'll make it by without them." I paused for a moment, wondering if I should ask my next question. I decided