Hey Guys! OK this is my first fanfiction so don't be too hard on me. There is just a few things you need to know before you read this story. 1. I love to use description. If you don't like it, deal with it. 2. You have to have read the Twilight story to understand, if you haven't it may be difficult to follow at times, but still entertaining 3. Italics mean either thoughts or dreams 4. This is an imprint story And lastly... 5. This is for TEAM JACOB, Team Edward feel free to leave right now. This is a Bella and Jacob story. I am going to make Edward more of an antagonist in this story. I don't really have a set in stone map for this story, because i prefer to just write. OK! Enjoy! Disclaimer: I am not Stephanie Meyer. The end! A large portion however is directly copied from the book so all rights go to her. I do no own any of these characters except for the one i make up which may occur late on in this story. Summary: Bella had always assumed that the beautiful Edward was her Romeo, but after he left her hurt and broken, she realizes she was horribly mistaken. After a tragic run- in with a familar vampire, Bella finds her true Romeo to be none other than the happy go- lucky kid, Jacob, who left her at the movies. But like any true story of Romeo and Juliet tragedy strikes, when once again a clan of many bloodthirsty vampires threaten to kill her. Jacob and Bella struggle to be the exception. REVISED! 1. A Run Through Memory Lane Louder, louder And we'll run for our lives I can hardly speak, I understand Why you can't raise your voice to say... -Leona Lewis; Run If it weren't for the gentle breeze that blew through the canopy of trees as I dashed through the dense forest I would swear this was a dream, a nightmare actually. The crisp air that ran through my matted brown hair used to bother me, but now as a I ran through the trees for a life I wouldn't be able to save, I wished I could have spent more time just letting the breeze tickle my body as I sat on the small wooden porch in my father's backyard in the rainiest city in the whole USA. My father would watch me through the window protectively as I leaned against the cold marble body of the man, which was at one time, my whole life. I would inhale the sweet toxic scent the dripped from him, run my hands across the rock hard, and cold arms that embraced me tenderly. His eyes, a honey butterscotch color, bored into mine, and his hair that framed his flawless face would be messy yet perfect. The beauty would have astonished me, left me without words. I would just stare into his eyes and try to stuff as much as the moment I could into my memory. His face would turn indecipherable as he unsuccessfully tried to read my mind. He would sigh contently and then lean against me again. " I love you," he would whisper, with his delicious velvet voice. " I love you too," I murmured back. My heart would skip a beat, which caused a delicate blush to spread across my milky complexion. He would kiss my skin softly above the eyebrows. I would lean into the kiss, and feel my body yearn for the man that sat just centimeters away from me. We would just sit there enjoying each others company for hours on end. I could picture it so perfectly; there was so much we weren't able to do in the few short months that I was blessed with his company, but those moments were gone. Ed- he was gone. A searing pain ripped through the already open wound. I clutched my aching chest as I continued to run. He had once been my whole life. I couldn't imagine life without him only a few short months ago. He had left me. The pain in my chest throbbed with every thought. It was a nice day, a rare occurrence in the little town of Forks. I awoke with a smile on my face, with the sun streaming into my room from the open window. The gentle twitter of birds could be heard from the forest. A cool morning breeze blew effortlessly through the window and a deliciously toxic scent wafted to my nostrils. " Edward," I breathed, letting the sweet smell intoxicate me with my every breath. In an instant he appeared near the windowsill. My eyes couldn't process his sudden entrance quickly enough. He was so perfect. I drank in his perfection for a minute, picturing myself as the bloodthirsty killer that I wished I could become. " Bella, may I talk to you," He whispered. Once again he took my breath away. I could never quite remember exactly how his velvet smooth voice rolled my name across his tongue, and hearing it caused furious butterflies to flutter their impatient wings. When I finally listened to the delicate words he spoke, my breath caught in my throat. The famous break up words. I struggled with the sudden nausea that overtook my body. My head began to spin, and I felt lightheaded. I leaned back against my pillow and breathed deeply. He just wants to talk Bella. That's it, stop overreacting. I inhaled a intoxicating breath had tried to mask the sudden unease that bubbled through my body. He loves you. I reassured myself. Yet the sinking feeling wouldn't go away. " Bella," he asked searching my face. His eyes turned wicked, his face hard as he looked around the room. His usual honey golden irises had faded into a deep chestnut brown. Worry masked his perfect face, his mouth pressed firmly into a hard straight line, " I'll be outside." A breeze rustled my hair, signaling his leaving. I jumped out of bed, the mattress creaking and sighing as I struggled to get out. I landed with a thud on the burgundy colored hardwood. Bed 1, Bella 0. I regained composure and hurriedly rushed to my closet. The closet was littered with fabric. Clothes hung off hangers and were strewn across the floor. My sneakers and my lone piece of jewelry lay in a crumpled heap on the floorboards. I didn't do this. I thought to myself. I reached for my Phoenix of Arizona hoodie and a plain pair of boot-cut blue jeans. I slipped them on and hurried to the bedroom. I splashed cool water on my face, and let the cold-water droplets drip down my neck and onto my sweatshirt. I looked in the full bathroom mirror. The sunny expression I woke up with was gone and replaced with one of dread. My eyes looked dead and distant, my skin was a sickly pale against the black hoodie. I ran a frayed toothbrush against my teeth and pulled a brush through my bed hair. I ran out the door and nearly into Charlie. " Where are you going," He said in a monotone type of voice. It shocked me. Yes it was my dad and of course I knew what his voice sounded like, but the way he said it freighted me. It was hard and forced. On closer inspection I notice his eyes were dreary and heavy like he hadn't slept in weeks. He looked older than I remembered. The wrinkles surrounding his eyes were more prominent, his slightly curly brown hair was streaked with gray and the curls hung matted against his skull, his mustache was thick like it hadn't been shaved in awhile, and his entire body looked thin and frail. He was wearing his police uniform, but unlike before it hung loosely. He looked horrible. " Out, friends maybe," I shifted my gaze to the floor, focusing on the delicate pattern of the hardwood. I was a horrible liar; I knew he would see through my lie. It wasn't like he didn't like Edward, but I knew something about him creeped Charlie out. I returned my gaze to Charlie, expecting a stern look. But he looked distant, withdrawn, and he stared past me. He returned his gaze to me after a few moments. His eyes screamed with horror. He quickly regained composure, masking his sudden discomfort with an unreadable expression. "Fine, jss- just stay out of the woods alright," he stuttered, "There's been some animal killings and I want you to be safe. Be home by 5. We are invited over to Billy's for supper tonight." " Of course dad," I stared up at him. He was really scared. He was fidgeting with his fingers and looking past me, "Bye." I walked past him briskly, yearning for the comfort of Edward. What ever was going on with Charlie would have to wait. As I carefully made my way down the stairs, avoiding the creaky ones, I heard a wretched sob from upstairs. My heart ached at the sound of my father cry just a few feet above me, but I was eager to hear what Edward had to say. I slammed the front door behind me, desperate to rid the heartbreaking cries of my father from upstairs. My feet crunched in the soft gravel that littered our front yard. Edward was leaning against my red Chevy pick up that I tenderly loved. His face was impenetrable, his eyes showed no emotion compared to the usual life that flashed behind them, "Hi," I whispered, feeling the overwhelming sensation of dread. " Hi," he whispered back, barely loud enough for my human ears to register. His hand snatched out and grabbed mine roughly. I squirmed uncomfortably under his bone-crushing grip. He loosened, sensing my discomfort, but didn't let go. He led me across the street into the line of trees. I stopped abruptly, though he did not. I lurched forward and landed in the rocky earth beneath my feet as he continued to pull me into the dense Fork's forest. "For god's sake Bella," he hissed. Blood rushed to my ears, blocking out his sudden anger towards me. I wiped my dirt-streaked pants off with the back of my hand. He crossed his arms impatiently, a menacing glare seeping from his perfect face. I clutched my chest, "Charlie said that there was animal killings recently. And that I should stay out of the forest," I knew he could protect me, that wasn't the issue. Going against me father's wishes when he was that upset felt wrong. " It wasn't an animal Bella," he growled at me. Silent tears slipped down my face. I quickly wiped them away. This one time I was truly seeing the monster that was Edward. Suddenly his expression changed, he looked upset, disappointed in himself. I knew he didn't mean to hurt me. He smiled my favorite crooked smile, but it didn't reach his eyes, " I am sorry Bella." " S'okay," I viciously wiped the tears from my face. I didn't want to make him feel worse then he already did. I walked closer, closing the space that was created between us. I wanted him so badly. I wanted to taste his smooth buttery lips envelope mine, feel the coldness of his body pressed firmly into me, and feel his dark honey hair run through my fingers. I leaned into him and closed my eyes, but he pulled away. The sudden cold left my body leaving me feel empty. I struggled to mask the hurt I felt. Edward leaned against a tree and stared at me, his expression unreadable. " Okay, Lets talk," I said. It sounded a little braver than I felt. But I was sure he could hear the loud thudding coming from my chest He took a deep breath. "Bella, we're leaving." I took a deep breath, too.