Disclaimer: I do not own twilight. A/N: I'm almost finished with this story and have decided to repost it. I initially took a break (not thinking it would be this long) after receiving so many nasty pm's/anonymous reviews. I'm trying to clean it up a bit and make it flow better than before but the content is the same. Each character in this story represents a real person in my life. Most of the things that happen to Bella have happened to me or someone close to me. I know many people stopped reading because of Alice but I tried to keep her as close to her real life counterpart as possible. Trust me when I say I wish the real life Alice hadn't done those things either but, I'm not going to change her actions in the story so if you didn't like her the first time you won't like her any better now, sorry! I'm thinking only a few more new chapters to go making it around 20 or so all together and then I will go back and finish Paranormal. Chapter 1 BPOV Please don't let me run out of gas, please, please, please! My knuckles were white from gripping the steering wheel so tightly. The freeway was like a parking lot. It was rush hour and of course I was in the middle lane and the nearest exit was 2 miles away. Normally that isn't a big deal. I know my truck well. I know that once the light goes on I still had a least another 20 miles to go before I actually run out of gas. But when the thing as my dad named it when he first gave it to me , started sputtering I knew I was in trouble. Fucking Emmett! I knew I shouldn't have let him borrow my truck last night. He needed to use it to get the last of his things moved into Rosalie's apartment. You would have thought he could have at least put some gas in it. Or better yet, you would have thought I would have double checked to see that he did before getting on the freeway. But I woke up late and had a meeting in 20 minutes so needless to say, here I sit with my blinker on trying to at least get into the right lane so if necessary I can pull onto the shoulder. "Come on." My hands were sweating as I pounded on the steering wheel. It started sputtering again causing my heart rate to pick up. And then it happened. All of the sudden the normal sound of my thundering engine was gone. And to make matters worse not even a minute later traffic started moving. All except the middle lane. The car behind me was honking. I tried to start it again keeping my fingers crossed that it would work. Yeah, no such luck. I looked around to see that things had slowed down again so at least no one was going over 10 miles an hour. I managed to get the guy behind me to unroll his window. He was less than pleased but he was willing to help if for no other reason than to get my truck off to the side of the road so that he wouldn't be stuck behind me. He stopped traffic in the right lane allowing me to push my truck across it and on to the shoulder. Of course he hadn't bothered to help me push but I somehow managed it. So here I sit…again…. But at least I'm not blocking traffic. I reach for my cell phone only to find that I must have left it at home. Fuck my life. I get out of the truck and started hoofin' it. Two miles later I come to an exit. Lucky for me there was a gas station pretty close to the exit. Oh wait….. Did I say lucky for me? What I should have said was 'Are you fucking kidding me?' Apparently this gas station doesn't have any gas cans available. I look around and spotted a sign for Walmart. It couldn't be more than a half a mile or so. I start walking again. My feet are pretty much on fire now but that is the least of my worries. At least I haven't tripped or fallen so that has to be a plus right? So my 'half a mile or so' theory goes right out the window when I realize I counted 23 blocks before I got there. I buy my gas can, and walk back to the gas station. I get it filled up but not before spilling all over the outside of the can and start the long walk back to the thing . It's very heavy and is now slippery due to the spill. I make my way down the off ramp to find that of course traffic is moving along quickly now. I reach my truck and have trouble unscrewing the gas cap. My hands are slick and it isn't working. I search for something to wipe them off with but realize I have nothing because Fucking Emmett took everything out of the truck last night so he could fit his stuff in. I un-tuck my blouse from my skirt and use the ends of it in attempt to get the cap off. After several minutes it works. I put the gas in the tank managing to spill again but this time getting it all over my shoes. I get it started and pull onto the freeway making it to work way over an hour late. My boss is pissed and because I missed the meeting, Jessica is in charge of the latest project instead of me. So I'm now in my office, sweating like a pig and smelling like gasoline when Jake walks in. "Hey Bella." I close my eyes for a second; I just can't deal with this shit right now. "Hey Jake, what can I do for you?" "Oh, uh I just thought that I'd bring you up to date on the meeting this morning." He said smiling brightly. "Thanks, um yeah, thank you." I guess I should be a little nicer but I was having a bad fucking day. "So… how about we go over it at lunch. There is a new restaurant that just opened up down the street." Please, not again, especially not today … I whined internally. Jake was my dad's best friends son and about six months ago he asked if I could look into getting Jake a job. There was an opening and I put in a good word for him and now….. Well now I can't seem to get rid of him. "Sorry Jake, I'm meeting Alice for lunch but I have some time now." His disappointment was obvious but its better this way. I didn't want to lead him on and even though he was a nice kid and all I knew better than to invite him to join us for lunch. You see, Alice was obsessed with finding me the perfect man. This new mission she started came soon after she met her soul mate Jasper Whitlock. They really are perfect together but love was not on my top list of priorities right now. And no doubt about it, she would interfere and try to set something up with Jake if I gave her the chance. Actually it didn't even have to be Jake, she didn't even know him very well, but I made the mistake of telling her about his…well… obsession with me and she jumped all over the opportunity. She went so far as to come into my office with the pretense of lunch, only to 'accidentally' track him down and leave him with the knowledge that I was single and available. From that point on I made sure to keep any and all single men away from Alice. After Jake leaves I get some actual work done, and soon it's time for lunch. I pull into the parking lot where I'm meeting Alice. (She's not allowed to come to my office anymore.) I find her waiting for me. She takes one look at me and starts cracking up. "What happened to you?" she asked. I tell her about my day thus far. She's still laughing but has calmed down a little. "Sounds like you could use a drink tonight Bella." And I have to agree I really could. "You know what? I really could." "So where do you want to go?" She asks. "How about the Thirsty Lion?" "Great, I'll call Rosalie. We'll pick you up so you don't have to drive." "Thanks Alice, I really could use a night out." I didn't go out all that much. Not like I used to anyway. We usually just stayed in; the five of us would drink beer and eat pizza at least one night out of the week. After I got home and showered trying in vain to get all the gasoline smell off I found something decent to wear and finished getting ready. I found my bottle of 'Happy' hoping to mask the evidence of my earlier incident. I probably put too much on. I usually didn't wear much perfume but tonight I had a need to. We get to the bar. Emmett and Jasper are going to meet us later but for now it was just the three of us. We find a table to sit at and order our first round of drinks. The band that is playing is pretty good. We even dance for a few songs. After a while I start to get pretty hot so I get off the dance floor and decide I needed another drink. I head to the bar and wait for the bartender. I'm invisible for the first few minutes but finally I order. "I'll have a 7 & 7." "What's in a 7 & 7?" I heard the guy next to me ask. Seriously? It seems pretty obvious but I answer any way. "It's uh Seagram's 7 and 7up." I turned back to wait for my drink. "Oh. That sounds pretty good. I'll have one too." He says when the bartender comes back and hands me my drink. I don't say anything and start to walk away. I hear him calling me but I try and disappear into the crowd taking the long way back to the table. It seemed to work but then about 45 minutes later he finds me again. He walks over to us and takes the open seat next to me. Rosalie and Alice look at him suspiciously. "7 & 7… there you are." He addresses me. I don't say anything as he continues to stare. "Her name is Bella." Alice speaks right up. I look over to her quickly trying desperately to indicate that I am not, in any way interested in this guy but she isn't even looking at me. "Hello Bella, I'm Mike, wow you smell really good." I smile politely but don't say anything, again trying to get the point across that I want nothing more than for him to leave. "I'm Alice and this is Rosalie." "Nice to meet you ladies." He said but looks to me again. They make small talk while I'm plotting my 'fake a headache' plan. But my luck might be changing as his friends come over letting him know that it is time to go. "I'd really like to see you again Bella. Can I get your phone number?" I see that Alice is about to speak up so I get my answer out as quickly as possible. "I'm sorry Mike but I don't give out my phone number." That earns a glare from Alice and a giggle from Rosalie who by the way has been uncharacteristically quiet tonight. Mike reaches into his pocket and pulls out a business card placing it in