ChapterOne: Collision Meroryan laid her books on the table, sighing with exhaustion. Classes had seemed to last forever. What made it worse, was that her literary history teacher had decided to assign a 20 page paper and make it due the following Monday. Seeing as it was only Friday, her time was extremely limited as to how much time she could put it off. She dragged her tired body upstairs, feeling like she could collapse where she stood. Upon reaching her room, Meroryan headed for her dresser. She pulled out a pair of butter soft jeans and a dark green tank top in place of her khaki skirt and honey colored sweater. She sighed in contentment, letting the feeling of comfort wash over her. This was what she wanted to wear all day, every day, for the rest of the centuries. There was nothing quite like being able to MOVE when you walked or sat or whatever it was you were doing at the time. She wandered over to the window, opening the blind to look out on the white world below. The forecaster had been right, for once, when he had said that snow was in the air. It had managed to drop a good three inches last night and was still falling quietly on the silent world beneath it. Everything was so clean, the blanket of fresh snow covering the remaining leaves and dead grass that had scattered the lawns of every house down the street. Meroryan loved the snow. The silence of it made everything seem so much brighter, more pronounced. The world, in her opinion, was too noisy. No one seemed to take time to appreciate the beauty of the world before them. Too many individuals would run around like rats in a cage, hurrying from here to there, never pausing to take the fresh air into their lungs, to be conscious of the new flowers, or listen to the larks song. It saddened her that people now would never pause in their daily routine to take in what was around them. Sighing, she dropped the curtain, letting it fall back into place. So much had changed in the past two millennia. She should know. She had been there. Meroryan was the last of her people. An ancient race, immortal, powerful. The Tua De Dannaa were all extinct save one. She had lived these past twelve centuries without her family, moving from place to place, watching the world and its people evolve into the creatures that they were today. The technologies, the science of the world in which she now lived fascinated and amused her. She had become addicted to the modern conveniences that this world now offered. She could remember living without running water, bathing in fresh running streams high in the mountains. The luxury of instant food or coffee made her smile. It was a world of ease that had replaced the world of terror and fury she once knew. Her smile faded as she recalled the past. To her, it seemed only days, weeks ago when the Aurelians had attacked her beloved home. They had destroyed everything that Meroryan had held dear. She had been fortunate to survive. At the time of the attack, she had been visiting with her friend Nadriel, one of the ancient ones who had taught her to harness and use her powers for good. Her father had not approved of Nadriel teaching her the ancient arts, but had conceded and withdrawn his protests when he had seen his daughter's disappointed look. So, Meroryan had spent nearly every afternoon in Nadriel's presence. She had learned to channel her powers, coming to understand the ways of the ancients, of the earth, and utilizing the power she felt there. Nadriel had once again been leading her through one of the ancient rituals when sounds of the attack had reached her ears. She had raced Relampago along the fields, dreading in her heart what she would find when she made it home. But even that had not prepared her for what met her eyes. The Aurelians had spared no one. Women had been lying slain on the hard ground, their dead children still clutched tightly to them, as though to protect them from this fate. The men had been scattered about, many of them with their weapons still clutched tight in their fists, the blood staining them a testament to the battle that had taken place not moments before. Meroryan, being consumed with fear and terror, had raced up the stairs of the palace to where her family would have been. She had paused now and again, coming across the bodies of her friends, laying motionless on the stairs, their blood coating the once white marble. Meroryan had fallen on her knees beside one body in particular. Galandrie, captain of the guards. He had been like a brother to her, teaching her in the art of archery and swordsmanship. He lay then, as if in sleep, his eyes closed, his face relaxed. Meroryan had touched the broad, proud forehead, feeling the iciness beneath her fingers. Tears had streamed silently down her cheeks, her pain filled eyes had taken in everything. Her maid, and truest fried, Eararadith, lying close to her brother, Forfirith. She had muttered a silent prayer over those she passed, letting her feet carry her closer to the throne room. Her father was the first one she had reached. He lay on his side, his once laughing green eyes open and lifeless. She had found her mother and sisters in the far corner of the room. Their weavings now covered with their life's blood. They had been brutalized, their bodies ripped apart. Meroryan couldn't help the bile that had risen to the back of her throat. The servants, her friends, lay scattered about, trays of food and wine soiling her mother's most prized rushes that had once decorated this beautiful place. The stench of death hung heavily in the air, the silence itself deafening. Nothing stirred. And Meroryan knew that there was nothing left of her people. Helplessness and rage had consumed her. She remembered taking up the bow and quiver of arrows which Galandrie had given her for her birthday one year. Relampago had stood waiting in the courtyard. His eyes had turned to Meroryan's, and she had felt his understanding wash through her. He was another of the ancients, a noble and proud steed who had become enchanted by the sprite little child in the early centuries of her life. She was the only one who could ride him, their wild spirits as one when they raced together. The only thing that had stopped her from destroying the entire Aurelian race that day had been Nadriel. He had come swift on her heels and had stayed her from taking revenge. At that time, she had raged against him, feeling the pain inside of her boil over. And he had been there when she had finally cried, holding her against the anguish. Together, they had buried the bodies of her people, laying them to rest in the forest of their homeland. Nadriel had taken her in, sheltered her. He had continued to teach her, guiding her through the world of men. Nadriel had become the one true blessing in her life. Relampago had remained at her side. Always the three of them had moved as one, melding their futures together. And now the future was the present. Meroryan shook herself, brining her mind back to the present. The past was over with. The doorbell rang and she hurried to answer it. Her friend Elsie stood on the other side, bundled from head to toe in winter wear. "It's freakin' freezing outside!" She hurried in and shut the door behind herself. Unwrapping the scarf from around her mouth, she said to Meroryan, "Hey Mer, ready to hit the books for the hermit's exam?" Meroryan smiled, her eyes crinkling. Elsie was a good friend. She was bright and exuberant, her enthusiasm contagious. They had met on the first day of their Literature class. Meroryan had tried her best to avoid any and all contact. But Elsie had other ideas. She had approached Meroryan out of curiosity more than anything. Meroryan had been sitting in the back of the room making Elsie wonder what would make someone shy away from human contact like that. So she had moved to the seat right next to her. At first, Meroryan had been reluctant to engage in conversation with her, but it didn't take long before she was smiling back and laughing with Elsie. Elsie was a petit young woman with deep brown eyes and light blond hair. She was slightly plump, but not overweight by any means. Many men flocked to her because of her exuberance. But it didn't hurt that she was a handful that men admired and, for some, enjoyed. Meroryan was her direct opposite. She was tall and graceful, with the emerald green eyes that signified one of the royal house of the Tua De Dannaa. Her hair was long down her back, a thick and rich dark brown mane. Her quiet and calm demeanor was more often than not off-putting to men. They had nicknamed her the ice queen. Oh, she had guy friends, but no one that was truly interested in trying to get behind the cool façade. Which was exactly the way she wanted it. "I'm certain that I'm prepared for whatever you think you can throw at me dear friend." Meroryan smiled lightly, enjoying the challenging look that came into Elsie's eyes. "Well you better be. After all that time we spent last week going over this crap, I expect miracles from the brain of yours." The two friends laughed together and headed for the table in the kitchen. Meroryan set some water on to boil for tea, another luxury she enjoyed, and took down two mugs from the cupboards. "What do you think the Hermit will put on the exam?" Meroryan asked Elsie nonchalantly. The Hermit, as his students affectionately called him, was Professor Harris. He was a short, stubby little man with a brilliant mind for literature. But his specialty was in fantastical reality. More specifically, the Lord of the Rings, which was what they were studying at this point. "Not too sure. You never know with him. One minute, you're looking at specific story line analysis, the next, character development." Elsie looked at her friend and smiled ruefully. "Hopefully, he'll be gentle on us. That 1984 exam damn near killed me!" Meroryan merely laughed. "Oh sure, easy for you to laugh," Elsie scowled good-naturedly, "You weren't the one he called into his office to discuss alternate plans for passing his class!" "I'm also not the one who didn't study as well as she should have." Elsie muttered something unfriendly about obnoxious friends and self-righteous 'attitudes' under her breath. Meroryan smiled and set the hot tea in front of Elsie. "Let's get started shall we?" For the next three hours, the two women delved into the land of Middle Earth. Meroryan had found this book to be intriguing. She knew it was mostly fantastical. And yet she knew there to be some truth to Tolkein's words. She could well remember a time when such stories of elves and dwarves were passed around the fires of her home. The warriors used to tell great tales of strength and courage exhibited by these seemingly imaginary races of people. Meroryan had always been held captive by such stories, especially those of the elves. The race of the 'fair ones', as was the term her people had used, had always piqued a great interest in Meroryan, even when she was young. Myths and legends were based on truths, her father had told her once. The 'fair ones' had lived long before her time, in an age of darkness. They had passed on to the Palace of Light only when