Chapter One "I'm not so sure about this." my mom said and I rolled my eyes at the comment. "Why don't you do a semester at UChicago first?" She added. This had been planned and decided awhile ago. I wanted to see and explore the world without my family, to be independent for the first time in my life. "Kids at my age leave home to go to college every year and they also take time off before going to school." I shook my head with some annoyance, my shoulders tense. My mom had been on me not going since I first brought it up. She could be overprotective sometimes. She tried to make an argument. "But usually they stay home." "I'm road tripping before school, it's not that uncommon!" I stopped my packing and spun around to face her. I didn't speak very often because I found that words tended to be insufficient in expressing how I felt. But she had been out of my reach and I had been packing. This time I walked over to her frustrated and wanting her to feel and know what I was thinking. When I got to be in front of her I lifted my hand to her cheek and touched it. Everything in my head started to flow through my body and into her. She sighed and leaned into my hand, closing her eyes as she saw my thoughts and felt the emotions connected with them. I let her see the months of thorough planning, sharpie lines across maps, my routes planned out perfectly with all my short stops marked, and itineraries for every destination. I was so excited about it. I needed her to see how much this meant to me. We moved around a few times because of my growth, and so that the family wouldn't start drawing attention when people noticed we weren't changing like everyone else, that we didn't age. We never stayed anywhere more than four years. And until I was seven, never anywhere more than 3 months. I had gone through high school the first time with my own parents. It was nice, having them there, talking me through how I should interact with humans, what not to do. We had waited a year after I stopped growing to enroll in high school again. It took seven years for me to reach my full maturity, now I looked anywhere between 17 and 25. It was kinda weird that my mom looked just as young as me. Technically she was 36 but she had been changed at the ripe age of 18. No one looked their actual age. After a little while, when I had finished showing her what I needed to, she opened her eyes. "I get it." She said. Still looking sad. "I'm just going to miss you so much." She continued. "We might be immortal, but there are still things out there that can hurt us." I knew all about the Volturi. I was taught very young to understand vampire law and limits and the consequences for breaking them. But I had the feeling she wasn't talking about the Volturi. I pushed the question into her head. "Just...try and stay away from Washington." she told me very seriously. Washington was where she was from. She met dad in a small town called Forks. She didn't talk at all about her life before she married dad, at least if she did it was never when I was around to hear it. My hand was still touching her cheek, so she could see what I was thinking and answered my thought. "That because it's not interesting, and I know you can't stand boring stories." she grinned before moving her arms around me and pulling me in, my hand leaving her cheek as my arms went to circle her neck. Sometimes I forget that I'm taller than her. She just stood there and held me, not saying anything and breathing in my scent from my hair. My mom had been sad when I cut my hair, it had been so long, I could have been casted as Rapunzel. But I wanted a changed, so I chopped my curly red locks to just past my shoulders. Mom loved my hair. Like the rest of my family I was what could be considered almost unnaturally beautiful. Flawless skin, perfect aesthetic face. I had my dad's hair and jaw, my mom's eyes and lips, both their high cheekbones and a thin nose that dad said I got from his biological mother. We were genetically designed by nature itself to be the most pleasing, seductive thing imaginable as to lure in our prey. Mom think I got a little extra since I was conceived by a vampire rather than made by one. Even Aunt Rose, titled the world's most beautiful woman by anyone who met her, praised my looks. If it wasn't obvious, I'm a bit spoiled. "She'll be fine, Bella. We've all left home at some point, this is good for her." Aunt Alice leaned in the doorway, sporting one of Milan's finest summer dresses. She gave me a wink I gave Aunt Alice a grateful smile over my mom's shoulder. "Sometimes, we all need to be out on our own for a little bit to figure ourselves out, to find things that we need." I narrowed my eyes at her. She couldn't see my future, but when she said things like that it made me wonder. Though my dad never let on otherwise if she actually could. He would be the only one to really know the truth after all, with the whole mind reading thing and all. "Alice is right, Love, she'll be fine." my dad walked up behind Alice, hands in his pockets, posture relaxed. He smiled at us both as mom let me go to look at him, her attention immediately focusing on him as it always did when he was in the room. They naturally rotated around each other, like a gravitational field that drew each other in and wouldn't let go. They were an amazing couple. Their love was as passionate and all consuming as Romeo and Juliet without the tragic ending. The Great writers of Romance couldn't write a better love story, at least that was my exaggeration. They weren't exactly the most romantic couple. Mom didn't like too much extravagance or over the tops gifts, she was just comfortable sitting in the company of the man she loved. She didn't need anything else. But our family wealth didn't hurt things. I didn't like spending a lot of money on myself. I mean, I'd go on shopping trips with Aunt Alice and Aunty Rose and Even Nana Esme , I'd try on clothes I liked, by my fare share of Valentino, Ralph Lauren, Prada, you name it I probably have it in my closet. That's mostly because Aunt Alice and Aunty Rose refused to let me wear anything else but the best of fashion since they put me in my first designer baby onesie. I personally liked a weathered T-shirt just as well as any designer blouse. Mom would fight tooth nail with Alice over her clothes, but Aunt Alice had a way of making people give in. I partially put it on dear Uncle Jazz and his powers of persuasion. I tried to keep my expensive shopping sprees to a minimum unless I happened to be dragged along on one. A family that shops together, stays together Alice liked to say when I complained. "She's going to be alone, I'm just worried." she told him as if he didn't already know, and not because he read her mind, in fact my mom could block other vampires gifts. Even mine if she wanted, but not Alice's. Her gift was beyond my mother's own. No, my dad knew because he just knew her so well. "I know, love." he smiled gently, moving past Alice and into my room. His arm came around my mother and pulled her against his side, kissing the top of her head. "You're her mother, you're always going to worry about her whether she's alone or not." She tilted her head up and looked at him with big gold eyes. "I can't help it." "Of course you can't." he agreed with a chuckle, kissing her temple. I smiled at the sight of them, the way my mom lit up with him. I wasn't ready to jump on the bandwagon of finding my mate just yet like the rest. I didn't feel like my life without meaning like my dad had before my mom, or that life was just a passing of time and moments like mom had. They needed each other to see the world better, my eyes weren't so curtained. I reached out for the both of them, touching their cheeks and smiling as I passed all my love onto them to feel, to see their reflection in my mind. The picture of devotion and care. They both smiled and pulled me in between them. Kissing my head and holding me tight. But I pushed them back, I still had a lot of packing to do. Alice caught on and helped urge them back out of my room . "Just think of all the alone time you two will have now!" I gagged and shut my door. No matter how young my parents looked the thought of them having sex was still gross and wrong. With a shudder I turned back to my suitcase. I was packing too heavy, one full size suitcase and a duffle. I also had an empty backpack thrown into the Escape already. I wanted to grab a souvenir from every place. My mom had this quilt that she used to wrap me in, practically my baby blanket, of shirts from all these different places. She said her mom made it for her and that was it, it was kind of my inspiration. I might not get shirts, but maybe I'll get post cards and make a framed poster out of the collective, or bind them like a book to go through. I'd figure it out. Leaning over I grabbed my phone from my bedside to check my messages and turn on some music. Nahuel had texted me. I bit my lip to try and keep my smile back. It took forever to integrate him and Huilien, his aunt, into modern society. It was hysterical watching them try their hand at technology. They weren't completely unaware of things, but they had lived pretty isolated in the chilean rainforest. Wanting to help them, with their approval, Nana Esme designed a beautiful home for them that integrated the environment it was built in and using the most innovative nature powered technology available to set them up with utilities and wifi. I loved visiting them. Mom not so much. I figured it was because Nahuel had shown interest in me when we first met. At the time I had been the only other female hybrid that he wasn't related to. All the others he knew about so far were related to him. That had changed though. The text read: Maysun is coming. Maysun was one of his sisters. The second oldest. Nahuel had a number of siblings thanks to his father. Sadly it wasn't exactly a happy family story like mine. Carrying a pre we had tried to save as many as we could after he told us about him. Nahuel's father Joham was a vampire who seduced women to impregnate them. He wanted to create a superior race, a race of hybrids. So far he had fathered Serena, Maysun, Nahuel, Jennifer, Richard, Erin and Antony. He also managed to bring a few other vampires into his cult to create a superior race, only those with impeccable control could restrain themselves enough to mate and impregnate a human. Joham had tried with other before, but none of