The 100th Annual Hunger Games This years Quarter Quell will be to revive tributes that were once killed in the Hunger Games. They will patch up their bodies and send them back into the arena to fight once more. The Victor will be helped fully recover, so that they can go back, and bring a strange kind of pride back to their district. 1, My eyes shot open, and I began to scream with pain. Everything was blurring, and I felt my bumpy tracker-jacker sting pains once again. I looked around, an extremely bright light shining down on me in the pitch-black room. My eyes were swollen up, making it hard to keep them open. I felt a needle jab into my shoulder, and everything went black. I don't remember much. But I do remember how I ended up on this table. I was dead, for many, many years in fact. I figured they must have frozen my body if I wasn't totally a skeleton by now. But I remember my name, and the painful stings that the tracker-jackers gave me until I was dead. My name is Glimmer; I was eighteen years old when I died, so that must mean I'm eighteen even now. Unless dead bodies still age, which, I highly doubt they do. So I'm probably at least a thirty year old in an eighteen year old, totally ruined body. I felt a cold liquid running through my veins when I rouse again. I was propped against pillows in a bright hospital bed. I squinted my eyes against the large light shining down in the small room. There were no windows, or doors, but I figured I was being watched. I looked at my hands with my still blurry visions. The bumps of the stings were gone, my blonde hair felt silky on my shoulders. I was startled when the wall slid open and a man walked into my room. "Glimmer." I blinked and looked at him, feeling afraid of why I'm here… Why I'm alive… I opened my mouth to speak, but I had forgotten how. I tried to curve my tongue and push the words out of my chest, but only air came out. "Welcome back." He sat at the edge of the bed. I bit down on my luscious, soft lips that I remember being cracked and splintered with stingers when I woke up the first time. I looked at him as if to ask him to help me. To tell me where I was… To tell him how scared I felt. "I know this may seem alarming. But you died during the 74th Hunger Games. Do you remember at all what the Hunger Games are?" I manage to nod my head slowly. "Good. Well this year is the 100th Hunger Games; you've been dead for twenty-six years now. This year is the annual Quarter Quell." Suddenly I understood what was going on. I was brought back for the Quarter Quell. "You'll be put back into the arena once you, and all the other tributes are ready. You'll be retrained though, don't worry." My eyes widened with anger, and I narrowed them at him. He knew I was about to try and kill him, one of the side effects of dying in the Hunger Games arena, and being revived. He stood up and backed up. Suddenly I felt a burning hot liquid run through my veins, which stung compared to the cold stuff, and I fell back, unconscious. When I woke up again, I was in a familiar bedroom with large windows that looked out over a city of some kind. I was free from the tubes, needles, and monstrous machines. The blankets were soft and familiar as well. I slowly slid my legs out from under the blankets and got up onto them. I took a bit to steady myself. The legs haven't in fact, been used in twenty-six years. I stepped towards a mirror on the wall. I looked at myself and I couldn't help but smile a little bit. The face that I always looked at, in my reflection. Before I died in the games, of course. I ran my fingers slowly through my clean, silky blonde hair, admiring my familiar brownish highlights at my roots. I touched my jaw, and left cheekbone. I couldn't believe I was here again… It made me happy. But then I remembered why I was here, and scowled at the reflection in the mirror. Suddenly my vision flashed in white, I almost fell, but caught myself on the dresser. I clung to it until it stopped. I felt light headed. I managed to make it back to my bed and curl up in a ball on top of the sheets. I closed my eyes tightly, hoping it would go away. I heard screams. I opened my eyes. No one was in here. And I wasn't screaming. I covered my ears with my hands, but the screaming kept going off just as loud. Then I recognized it. I heard buzzing. I heard loud footsteps of Clove, Cato, and Marvel running for the hills, leaving me behind. Clove, Cato and Marvel… Memories flashed through my head of Clove and I in training, the last bloody, painful moments of my life. She never even thought as if she should save me. How foolish I was to trust them… Look where I am now. I press my hands tighter against my ears, until the buzzing, and the screams fade away. I realize they have been over for quite some time, but I'm still pressing my hands tightly against my ears, and shivering recklessly. I heard my door swing open, but I didn't bother to see whom it was. I felt a cold hand on my shoulder. "Glimmer? Are you alright?" The voice was familiar. I lifted my head to see my stylist, Estella. The same girl who was my stylist, during my first Hunger Games. I stood up and wrapped my arms as tight as I could around her. She hugged me back. "Glimmer… This is so unfair… I can't believe they would do this." I nodded slowly. I opened my mouth to speak, but immediately closed it again, knowing I couldn't. My legs wobbled underneath me, if it wasn't for Estella's tight grip on me, I would've fallen over. I felt a cold liquid running down my cheek. It felt odd to me, but somehow natural to be crying. "Do you want to go meet up, with your friend Cato?" My eyes shot open. Cato… I wondered if he had died, or won the games. I couldn't find out since I was, in fact, dead. "They revived him as well." Estella answered the question that echoed through my mind. Cato was alive… He was revived just like I was… I shook my head quickly. Cato said he would protect me, but he didn't! He said he loved me! He ran off just like Clove, Marvel, and Loverboy did when the tracker-jacker nest hit the ground! She looked at me and tilted her head. I looked at her sadly and hugged her again, sobs escaping my throat. "Oh and Cato's district buddy was revived too. What was her name?" I thought for a moment, trying to remember who it was that was the female tribute that year… Then the name flashed in my closed eyelids, and rattled in my skull. Clove. 2, Estella, and my prep team, Mandarine, Micka, and Sophia helped me prepare for the tribute parade. I would be on a chariot with a boy that died during the Hunger Games before mine. I had known him from career training, we never spoke or anything… His name was Devon Michaels. He was rather tall, a strong build, with sharp features, and short, dark brunette hair that could easily be mistaken for black. He didn't seem to want anything to do with me though. He has a large scar across his face from his death during the 73rd Hunger Games. It was a brutal thing to watch. Micka's bright, golden lipstick caught my eye, interrupting my thoughts. He pulled me up to a sitting position, and began to pluck my eyebrows. I winced with each rip of its 'fur' as he likes to call it. I used to do this all the time… But then I died. Everything seemed pretty new to me. "So what were you thinking when you woke up?" Mandarine asked. Estella looked at him and gave him a cold stare. He raised his bright purple eyebrows. Estella cleared her throat. I could tell she thought Mandarine might have made me upset. Bringing back those memories. Plus, I wouldn't be able to answer it anyway. I can't speak. Devon can. I wonder if I'm the only one revived who can't any more… "Oh… My apologies." He answered bluntly. I swallowed softly as Sophia fixed my now perfect nails, painting them with a hot pink color that hurt my eyes to look at for too long. "So what are you thinking for the tribute parade?" Sophia asked my almost natural, human looking stylist. "We have to represent the outfit she wore to the tribute parade, on the seventy-fourth Hunger Games some how. So I was thinking a hot pink, furry dress to resemble her original outfit." I lifted an eyebrow. Hot pink, furry dress… Can't wait to see how that'll be pulled off. The tribute parade at the 74th Hunger Games, Marvel, my fellow tribute from District 1, was dressed in a hot pink, furry vest. They must be aiming towards that style. Although, Marvel never came across as very… Attractive to me, Nor did he, Clove. But I guess that doesn't really matter, cause he's dead anyway. I found out at lunch that fire-girl and lover-boy had won. They made history with their two-person victory. And that's how District 12 faded into dust. Well now there are eleven districts. Twenty-Two tributes. The more they narrow down the districts, the less exciting these games will be. I couldn't help but wonder how it would turn out in the end. Katniss Everdeen… The girl who killed me with a nest full of tracker-jackers made it back to District 12 in one piece. She was a smart one. Once I was finished with the prep team, I was escorted to the District 2 dining room for supper before the parade. I sat down across from Devon who looked polished from head to toe. He laughed a little when he saw my makeup. "Nice…" I agreed that I looked kind of ridiculous. All though, I guess Panem has seen worse of me. This hot pink makeup didn't even compare to my tracker-jacker stung, stiff, limp body. That was pretty ridiculous looking… I polished my plate of smoked pork, elegant dried plums, spiced pasta, and slices of potato. "Who wants dessert?" Sophia asked cheerfully. I shook my head slowly. Devon laughed. "I don't suppose dessert would make you look any more plump, then the tracker-jacker stings did." He said bluntly. I felt my eyes grow into cold daggers as I looked at him in disgust. He meant it as a joke, obviously, but he wasn't the one who got stung by a hundred of them at once. It wasn't something I was able to laugh at. It never will be. Estella looked back and fourth between us, Devon laughing uncontrollably, Devon's stylist, and prep team were all laughing too. I stood up so quickly, my chair almost fell backwards, but I caught it with my unsteady arm. This set Devon off on another laughing spree. I narrowed my eyes roughly at him, before pushing my chair in, and walking off to my bedroom. He's such a jerk… He always has been! I was disgusted to be sharing a district with him. I was disgusted to have to ally with him. Then I realized he wouldn't be the only one… I