Halla sat at the long wooden banquet table with a garland of white and blue flowers in her hair. Her families old and new surrounded her, and her new husband Finnan sat beside her, stiff in his fine green cloak. He was neither handsome nor ugly, the sort of face you'd not pick out in a crowd, with limpid dark blonde locks and a soft, receding chin. But he was, in Halla's village, a hero. He'd answered King Theoden's call and fought beside young King Eomer and Pelenor Fields, gone on to the Black Gate as well. Halla's friends assured her that she should be happy. They reminded her that her parents were dead and her aunt and uncle were simple farmers, with only twenty horses, and she should be honored at the match. They did not mention that the wedding would join Finnan's land with her own inheritance, good fertile land near the River Isen which now that the War was over would no longer be too dangerous to farm, and thus worth something suddenly again, just as she had to give control of it away. No one suggested Finnan's family had planned the marriage with that goal—and no other—in mind. "A toast to the bride and groom!" Finnan's father declared, and Halla's new husband raised his fancy goblet with hardly a thought. "May they have many strong sons!" Halla blushed to the tips of her ears, and Finnan grit his jaw. The wedding party laughed into their cups of mead and ale, making randy jokes about the young couple. But who could fail to be in a good mood? The War was won and law restored. Burnt out wattle and daub houses were rebuilt and mares covered to make new foals, replacing those slaughtered or stolen by the Enemy. Finnan had a good herd, near three hundred now. Halla closed her eyes, wondering if she was little more than a brood mare to this remote new husband who had not even proposed himself, but sent his father to Halla's uncle, at which time the two old men sat in the shade and drew up land deeds to be filed in Edoras. Well, so be it, she was a woman now, a woman of place and position at last. Halla, two weeks past her sixteenth birthday, told herself that her mid-summer marriage to the taciturn twenty-five year old warrior was the best she could hope for. Finnan had fine manners and seemed quiet and thoughtful, and he had given her a beautiful grey colt to train up herself, along with a golden torque necklace. She would live in a wide house of good grey stone with a bedroom and an undercroft, and her bread would come from a large kitchen, built close enough to the house to keep the bread warm for her breakfast, but not so close as to bring a danger from fire. There would even be a serving woman and a boy to do farm chores. I've no reason to feel sour about it, she told herself firmly. When the feast was over, Halla's aunt and friends crowded round her, and the men around Finnan. They sang songs and the little girls of the village threw daisies and mountain laurel along the path to Halla and Finnan's new house. Finnan took a cup of mead in the wide hall, where swords were mounted on the wall, and Halla and the women climbed the narrow wooden stairs to the second story. The bedroom ran the length of the hall and had southern widows. Wide oak floor boards were covered with fresh rushes and sweet strewing herbs. Laughing and chattering, Halla's young friends helped her change into a delicately embroidered linen nightgown. The maids were blushing and the married young women laughing and making bold jokes. Aunt Hilda tied the neck of the nightgown with a cornflower blue ribbon. Her cousin Freyda brushed her long pale hair. Internally Halla was panicked about what was to come, but when Aunt Hilda asked if she had any last questions, Halla shook her head firmly. Having grown up with livestock, she had no confusions about where babies came from. She didn't want to tell them that the idea of someone touching her so intimately was quite horrifying. She hoped to get through the whole business without much of a fuss. "You look lovely," Hilda assured her, kissing her on both cheeks. The women sang and laughed their way out the door and down the stairs, leaving Halla alone in her new bedchamber. She walked around the room, tentatively examining her new surroundings. A fire was burning in the polished bronze grate in the fireplace. The bed was a great oak four poster, with thick felt curtains in a deep forest green. She touched the white coverlet, her fingers sinking into goose-down. An ornately carved trunk stood at the foot of the bed. Halla lifted the trunk, peeking in at linen sheets and spare wool blankets. The trunk had been lined with dried lavender. Outside the window, a bird sang in the summer twilight. She dropped the lid, hearing bootsteps on the stairs. Halla sat down on the bed, trying to achieve a poised balance of good posture and relaxed calm. Finnan appeared in the door, and Halla gave him a small smile that she hoped would seem inviting, but not wanton. She was chilled a little by his hard stare. It was, Halla realized, the first time he'd looked at her straight on, and his eyes were cold and grim. He crossed the threshold briskly, unclipped his broach, and dropped his cloak on the chair by the fireplace. He kicked his boots off, dropping clumps of caked mud on the floor. He snuffed the candles out, and approached the bed in a business-like manner. Halla drew her breath and climbed under the soft white coverlet. She lay carefully, spreading her hair out over the pillows in a way she hoped looked fetching. Finnan climbed into bed beside her. They lay in perfect silence, a silence that hummed with nervous energy. Suddenly her new husband reared over her, pulling up her nightgown, squeezing her small breast clumsily. Halla grit her teeth and steeled herself. Love will come later, she thought. That's what Hilda had told her. She'd get through this, and wash up, and go to sleep as if it were any other day. In the morning she'd bring him bread and sweet cream butter and small ale, and bid him a good day as a proper wife should. Then she'd see to the chores, and by mid-morning go to ride her new horse. She'd visit her friends and they would laugh at her. She'd tell them it wasn't as painful as they'd said it was. Only, there was no pain coming. Finnan was beavy and awkward between her willingly parted thighs, and all she felt was his hand beating against his belly. Halla had a morbid curiosity to look down, but she kept her eyes on the tester above the wide bed. Something didn't seem right, and she had a sinking feeling what it was. Finnan gave out a hard gasp of frustration and flipped onto his back. He turned away from her, lying to face the fire. She didn't hear another sound from him. Halla was in shock. She'd been ready for anything, no matter how awkward, she'd heard all types of stories… but this! She wanted to melt into the soft featherbed. He didn't like her. Didn't like her, didn't want her. She'd known men who'd hump anything on foot or hoof, so long as it was female , but this young Rider couldn't raise his spear for her! She would have sniffed herself for bad smells, but she didn't dare breathe, and besides she'd bathed in lavender water just before the wedding feast. What if he thought her repulsive? What if he could never do it? What if she never had children, never had sons to keep up the herd and the farm, and she grew old alone and abandoned— Halla felt hot tears of shame in her eyes. She blinked in the gathering darkness, desperate to get a hold on herself. In the morning they'd all stare at her for signs of a change, that great movement to adulthood that every woman made… What could she possibly tell them? She was humiliated! Halla felt that he was still awake. It was almost like he didn't breathe as well. She didn't want him to know how hurt she was, as if there as some way to pretend that everything had gone as it ought. Halla closed her eyes and forced herself to take slow, deep breaths, but just beneath the surface, she was beyond devastated, certain that if she repulsed him as a bride, she couldn't fail to repulse him later on. What sort of life could she have now? Unable to sleep and unable to face her husband, Halla slipped out of bed before dawn. The cold air chilled her as she quickly dressed in a good blue work dress and plain brown cloak, and tied on a white apron. She washed up, brushed and braided her hair into a long single plait, trying not to linger before her polished bronze mirror in a painful effort to find out what was wrong with her narrow, regular face. She'd always been called a pretty maid: was it possible folks kept something from her about her appearance, something that was wrong? Something that would repulse a warrior ? Halla laced up her leather boots and hustled down the stairs. She passed by the guests from out of the village—some of Finnan's battle brothers and relations from far away—who slept on the floor of the hall. She stepped out into the grey dawn, and took a great breath of crisp morning air. A fog clung to the high, sweet meadows filled with flowers. Horses stood slumbering or moving slowly through the field, grazing the dew-filled grass. Mountains rose in the horizon, smoky-blue against a pale grey sky, some still capped with white. The air smelled like sweet clover and pine from the forests at the feet of the mountains. Some of the trees were damaged and rockslides were common now that the rains were coming strong, but the War was over, and no summer had ever seemed so sweet. "It's not so bad," Halla said to herself. "Three hundred horses! And a colt of my own, from a mighty sire and a true line." "Up early, Mistress!" Halla jumped out of her boots. The serving woman, Blythe, stepped beside her with a bucket and a smile. She was a plump woman in her middle-years, with dark blonde hair tied back under a plain white kerchief. "Sorry to startle you, ma'am. Beautiful morning, eh?" "Beautiful," Halla repeated. "I'd like to see the barn, and the kitchens." "Glad to show you! I've just come here myself, a few days ago. But I know it well enough now. A goodly place. I'm going to gather the eggs for Master's breakfast. He left word last night he'll be leaving early this morning, but I 'spect you know that." "Oh—yes, I remember now. I'll come with you, Blythe, if that's all right." "You're the Mistress here!" Blythe said cheerily. Halla walked along with Blythe, swallowing her mortification. So he meant to leave her right away! Would he even tell her where he was going? Would he even say goodbye? She was determined not to let things begin this way. After helping to snatch eggs from the fat anxious hens, and taking a bite of bread and cup of fresh milk in the kitchen, Halla announced, "I will bring my husband his breakfast, Blythe." " 'Ere it is, then," Blythe replied, not a suspicion in her plain friendly face. Halla took the tray of scrambled eggs and bread and butter, and Blythe placed a tankard of