Darian's family stood like a pack of crows in the Hall of the King. Simeon drew himself up to his full height, and approached the towering dais through the forrest of black columns. He presented himself with a deep bow of obeisance, and waited to be acknowledged. The Uruk's scroll burned in his hand. "The Knight Simeon, formerly of Lord Captain Darian's command, of Orthanc," announced the new steward, in his much diminished role. "You may present my guard with your scroll." Simeon swallowed. It seemed he was to kneel as the King perused the letter. "Stand, Knight," Elessar said, his voice rich and humble at once. "You've told my steward that this is a message, for me, from the half-Orc who attacked Orthanc?" "That's so, my King. He brought me with him, after his escape, and held me for two days afterwards. No-rather, sire-I stayed with him during the blizzard, and then left freely." It was no less than the truth, but Simeon cringed to say it. Much better to be captured, coerced, and escaped. He wondered if any Man had lived who might name him traitor. "I am told, also, that this matter-of which I was not notified-" Elessar glanced at the family, "concerned a young woman, and an infant... of mixed parentage." "That is true, sire." "Tell me how it came to pass." "We were fighting a pack of Orcs who'd been raiding, and had annihilated Lord Beregemond's command. Lord Darian-and others-had the idea to-to seek the females that the Orcs had been travelling with." "Travelling? On raids?" "No, sire. In escape." The King's eyes were hard. He remained silent for a moment, then said, "Continue." Simeon's mouth was dry. Why had he been comfortable with that operation before? Why did it take his King's gaze to shame him? Had extermination of nuisance Orcs not been the command? "My King, the young woman presented herself as we closed on the females. She was... known to the Captain." "Known," Elessar repeated. "Tell it all, and quickly." "He named her for a thief he'd encountered on patrol in Osgiliath. She had the baby-the Orcling-with her. The late Captain ordered her capture, and decided then and there to abandon the search for the females. The young woman-called Tara-was held for several days on his command. The Captain was cruel to her. Abominably cruel." A hiss came from the crows, and Simeon licked his lips. "Tell me about this explosion, which killed so many of my soldiers during the Uruk's attack on Orthanc." "It was a sudden ball of fire, and a sound of thunder, and all the rubble from the floor rained down around us. Those soldiers who were engulfed... if anything of them remained, it was burned black, and some... seemed to have been... It was as if the ball of fire had teeth, and bit at them." The King frowned in displeasure. Behind his eyes were memories... and fears. He turned now to the scroll, unfurling it quickly, to seek some hint of who the Uruk's master must be. To the King of Men: Since the end of the War, you have set your sword against the Orcs. Your soldiers don't raid in revenge. They come in hordes with Elves to exterminate us. They hunt our mates, and our young, and chop them into pieces. My own woman-a woman of Gondor-was cut up by your Captain's knife, and my daughter was swung by her ankles at a stone wall. Both survive, but only through their courage, and our victory. So I ask: Why should the sky lighten for you, and be dark for the Power, when the world stays the same, no matter which of you claims the throne? We will not die because you dream of a world without Orc-kind. The world must be big enough for both. You've won a great War, and you want your territory. We've survived a great War, and we mean to survive still, so we must have our territory. Men have no liking for the cold. So I will take the ancient lands of Angmar, and the Ettenmoors, east and over to the Grey Mountains, and all above it in the name of Orcs who wish to live free from the bother of Men. Men should keep to their side of the Mountains, and Orcs to theirs, and then we will have no problem. Your Men at Orthanc earned what they got, for abusing my family. We've plenty more of that, for any Man who tries to do the same again to us. Let's call it fair between us, so that we might both survive. The words of Ushatar Azathorn, Free Uruk-hai Captain of the North. Aragorn scowled at the document, then at Simeon. "These words are indeed his, and his alone?" "Yes, sire. He dictated the letter to me without hesitation, or input from any other." "And what manner of beast is this-" Aragorn broke off, reluctant to utter a name of Black Speech in his hall. He longed for Gandalf's council. but the great Wizard was in the wilds. "This Uruk. What did you perceive of his character?" "Determined," Simeon said immediatly. "The Lord Captain doubted that any would come to rescue the woman, and I admit that I, as well, doubted such a thing. But she was quite certain from the start, and come he did, with only two companions: one like himself, and an Orc of the Misty Mountains, who was a great terror who killed many men with no weapon save fangs and claws. This one, however, did not remain with the Uruks. He spoke of... a loss, and a need for vengeance. I assumed, from the conversation, that his mate was the one... One whose body was violated in death. His departure caused sorrow to the Uruk Captain." "Sorrow," Aragorn repeated. He sighed heavily, stroking his short beard as he took in all he'd been told. "What of this woman, who killed Captain Darian? What is her character, that she would choose such a life with Uruk-hai and Orcs?" Simeon paused a moment, before speaking. He glanced at the crows, making demonstrations of grief and outrage. "She... is quiet. Thoughtful. I could not call her elegant, but she has the makings of grace." The crows gasped as one, and began to hiss amongst themselves until King Elessar glanced to them. Then, they contented themselves with burning Simeon up with their furious eyes. "She loves her child, my King," Simeon continuted. If their anger meant to frighten him, it had failed. They'd not seen their precious scion in Tara's prison that day... torturing her and her child. "She loves the Uruk, as well. I did not believe... It was not easy... But there is a closeness between them... Which some Men might have with their own wives. Lucky Men." This was too much for the Hall. Even well trained servants froze in shock, and cried out in outrage. The King's scowl deepened, engraving upon his noble face. He raised a hand to his Hall, and quiet slowly, reluctantly, restored. "It is no trick, on his part? No manipulation? No mental coercion?" Simeon frowned. It was not an easy memory to recall. "The Uruk took a burning blade to the girl's flesh, to seal her wounds. He hung over her after that, with a level of attentiveness of a mother to a child, even more so. It appeared, somehow, that he was sensing her injuries. Her level of pain. He did this often, over the two days. He could not heal her, had no medicine, but she improved all the same. She rode off on his Warg after two days time-with the wound in her shoulder, broken ribs, and a broken nose-yet sitting tall behind him." He could not mention the fact that she had whispered to Ushatar numerous times over the two days, resulting in Simeon and the other Uruk's ejection from the cave. That somehow their... congress... had some healing power in itself. It was beyond disturbing... Both for the images put unbidden in Simeon's mind, and for the fact that Simeon had found something... beautiful in their intimacy. But he told the king, "They were both possessive of each other... And physically comfortable. There was no trick. I don't think there is a male of any race who could feign the Uruk's level of devotion. I believe him, sire. And I believe that he is aggrieved by our actions. I believe they are all aggrieved, but he is one who means to do something about it other than raiding and hiding." "Indeed," the King breathed. Such as laying claim to the north-east of Arnor. "Thank you, Knight Simeon. I might call upon you again, to repeat or expand upon your tale." Aragorn turned to the family of the dead Captain. "I cannot pass judgement at this time. This matter demands further thought. You shall be summoned back into my presence once I have decided what shall be done." "My King!" Darian's mother objected. "My son has been slain by a trollop! We insist that she be captured and punished-" The woman's words withered in the sight of the King's cold, steel glare. She dropped into a bow, and did not rise. "You are all dismissed," Aragorn said coldly, "Until further notice." Aragorn Elessar rose from his throne, and hurried off the dais. He needed wise counsel. He moved in silence through his palace, his mind chaotic with thought. He hurried to a private courtyard winter garden, finding a bit of peace immediately on sight of his raven-haired queen, sitting on a bench by the frozen pond, in a grove of trees brilliant with small red berries. Arwen was seven months with child now, reading from a book to the little maids who attended on her. She looked up immediately, a frown touching her face. "We will continue later, ladies," she said, her voice rich with music. The little girls stood, and hurried away, their gowns bright and cheerful against the white and grey of winter. "I must speak to you of strange matters, my love," Aragorn said, tapping the scroll in his calloused palm. Arwen spread her hand out to indicate a place by her side on the marble bench, and Aragorn sat, inhaling the serenty of her presence. "It may be," he began, "That I did not give enough consideration to the matter of the Orcs. Now it seems that an Uruk-hai has survived the War. He is calling himself a Captain of Orcs, and has laid claim to territory in the North." Arwen was perplexed. "So we were wrong, in believing they would not organize. Will he come against Men in force? Or perhaps the Dwarves?" "That is what we must determine. But first, let me tell you the full of it." Arwen nodded, and listened, and her eyes went wide. In the end, she decided, "I am not sure my council alone will serve you. This matter is strange indeed, and most unexpected. All I can be sure about, is that we do not know enough to decide on anything at all." "Could it be... After all this time... That there are Orcs who might show a more restrained nature? Who might be content to live in the world without bringing destruction down on Men and other races? If there is even a chance of this... Where does my duty lie? Do I remember what they are capable of, and protect my subjects by continuing on, to eradicate the threat? Or do I give a chance to our enemies, that they would not have given us?" "That is a serious matter. I would advise you to gather more information on the doings of these Orcs, before making your decision. That way you can be sure. But before you make that decision, I would advise you to speak to Mithrandir, and to my father before he departs for the Grey Havens." Aragorn