There was nothing to do but run. Run screaming until his throat burned; run deaf from the howls of ten thousand orcs and Uruk-hai and trolls, and the earth-shaking screech of the defeated spirit of Sauron; run senseless as the dominating force that had guided his actions shattered into a thousand splinters then hissed out of existence. It was only his instinct to run that saved him as the ground broke away before the Black Gate and countless numbers were swallowed whole. Those that had died this way, going into the cold empty void with their Lord, did not know the suffering caused by His absence. Those who remained were in a hell of their own: formidable warriors became as helpless as blinded witless animals, and the white-faces made quick work of them. A river of black blood poured into the chasm that had opened before the gate, as the Westerners sought to extinguish the dark flame of orc-life once and for all. Rakhan had run, fleeing his enemies for the first time in his life. Half-senseless, he knew nothing of direction or goal as he shoved others aside and clawed his way up the mountains. The screeching of Sauron penetrated every ounce of his being, but unlike the full bloods he ran away from the fiery lights exploding off Barad-Dur. Rakhan pounded north, running away from the horror of defeat even though he couldn't escape the violent sundering of his consciousness. For the first time since he had escaped the pit of his birth, Rakhan was a masterless creature, and it was terrifying for the senseless Uruk-hai warrior. He first came into something like awareness slogging through the Dead Marshes. Not even an Uruk-hai would cross the Marshes, a haunted place of agonized spirits whose only desire was to pull the living down into the frigid, corpse-filled water. Rakhan woke from the nightmare of defeat to find himself splashing the foul water at his parched lips, face to face with a long-dead man wearing a dome-shaped golden helmet. His pale yellow hair floated around his face, grasping like a weed. His eyes were hollow, void, empty, but as Rakhan grappled with his almost infantile senses a slow, fey light began to burn in the dead man's gaze. Rakhan leaped away, gasping in terror. It was a new feeling for the Uruk: Saruman had not bred soldiers to feel fear or pain. What use did slaves have for those emotions, which served to warn the body of danger? Now, free of Saruman and the Dark Lord's overriding consciousness, Rakhan felt the fear like a bucket of frigid Anduin water poured down his back. Wild with sudden, unfamiliar fear, Rakhan stumbled backwards, catching himself just before he fell into another death-filled pool. His instinct was to run again, to put as much distance as he could between himself and the rising ghouls of the marsh. But as Rakhan's wild pale green eyes swept the land he understood—his first clear thought—that to run blindly would ensure his death. For the first time in Rakhan's short life he understood that he didn't want to die; all that was promised to him on death was the sucking of his soul into the nothingness of the void. And so he would have to pick his way carefully through the marsh. There was land enough, Rakhan saw that clearly now. Faint strings of land wove through the water, hedged in by yellowing sedge grasses. It was slow going, leaving plenty of time for Rakhan to think of the lost battle. He knew without doubt that Sauron was vanquished. Saruman was a little less clear. Rakhan could sense the stirrings of his former master's consciousness, but it was somehow greatly reduced, like the faint sound of wind in a far-off tree. There would be no going back to Saruman, no comfort of his master's guidance, even though Rakhan had never known a life where he wasn't bound to serve another being's will. As odd as it was to be so alone, Rakhan realized it was a good thing, if he could avoid enemies. If the frenzy of defeat and terror and mindlessness meant anything, then there would be no fellow Uruk-hai to link with anyway. There was certainly no safety in numbers. Rakhan had paid enough attention to know who Elessar was. The King of Gondor had returned and whatever numbers of Rakhan's kind that remained, whoever had survived the shrieking emptiness of Sauron's fall, would now surely be hunted to death. It would be safer, Rakhan thought, to disappear entirely, to find some hidden place where he could endure the catastrophy alone. Rakhan had been fortunate enough not to discard his weapons in the frenzy. He could hunt, he could find water; he could live on. He needed to more than that, he thought. He followed the Anduin, sleeping little, staying as hidden as possible. On his third day of travel Rakhan spotted a brigade of men, from Gondor by their armor and standards, heading south to Minas Tirith for their triumph. Rakhan hurried through the forests of Amun Hen, the thundering of Rauros in his ears. Here Rakhan took his time, hunting deer and saving his strength. Soon the Gap of Rohan would unfold before him, and Rakhan planned to run it all the way, day and night without rest or food. The whip of his master would not lick his heels or his heart, but the strength and discipline that Saruman had bred into him was Rakhan's to keep. Fortunately the horse-boys were nowhere in sight. Likely they were celebrating in Gondor. Rakhan ran until his body ached and his lungs were ready to explode, but he crossed the sea of grass and rock. He had never considered pain before; now it overwhelmed him. How easy it would be to quit, when it didn't mean instant death! Yet if he fell under the pale glaring sun, men would soon enough find him. After the first full day and night, it took every bit of strength Rakhan had to keep going. But soon enough, the forbidden forest of Fangorn rose before him, a shimmering haven of green darkness and silence. No one—orc or man or elf—entered Fangorn forest, and if there was anywhere in Middle Earth where a defeated and masterless Uruk-hai could live free and alone, Rakhan determined that Fangorn was it. He had heard rumors from some of the other groups of Helm's Deep survivors, Uruks like Rakhan who had joined Sauron after Saruman's imprisonment at the frighteningly destroyed Isengard; but nothing certain, as none of the Uruk-hai who had retreated through the trees had returned. There had been talk among his people of a dark evil in the woods, but surely whatever lurked in the cool green shadow had less of a reason to kill Rakhan than Aragorn Elessar and his minions. Shuddering with exhaustion and pain, Rakhan ran into the forest and fell to his knees by a cold, gurgling stream. Whatever harm the forest meant him would have to be faced now; Rakhan couldn't go on. Helpless, Rakhan lay down on the mossy floor and passed into a dreamless sleep. The next morning Rakhan realized that he would hardly live alone. For a long while he lay on his back staring up at the thick canopy of leaves, watching brilliantly colored birds flitter through the trees. The creatures of the forest were wary of him, much more than they would be of a man, but the longer Rakhan lay still the closer they came as they went about their business. Squirrels and rabbits strayed closer, seeking nuts and edible plants. Two brightly colored foxes, a mother and her kit, slinked to the stream and drank, their green eyes bright on the prostrate Uruk-hai. Rakhan didn't understand what he was feeling. The urge to kill had been his overriding emotion before, surpressing anything else he might have felt. He would have seen other creatures as nothing more than a source of food. The only amusement they would have provided him would have been in their death, in the manner of it, if it was slow and he could watch the terror and the spark of life as if vanished, if he could put a torture of iron to its flesh for his pitiful pleasure. But now Rakhan found himself idly watching, noting the playfulness of the kit as it trotted behind its mother, and the mother's scolding concern as she hurried the baby back into the curious vale of trees, hanging mosses, vines, and ferns. Rakhan listened to the varied calls of the birds, finding that when he closed his eyes he could distinguish the notes better, he could determine where the strangely intriguing melodies came from. From somewhere deeper in the forest there was a low moaning, almost a humming sound, made by no creature Rakhan could identify. Curiosity drove him back to his feet. His sword was at his side and his bow and quiver—the obscenely powerful bow of Saruman's invention with its massive black arrows—were on his back, but Rakhan felt no compulsion to hunt yet. He wandered deeper into Fangorn as if under a charm or spell, not understanding that he was, for the first time, experiencing life freed from the dark magic that had utterly dominated him. As night fell Rakhan made his bed in the gulch left behind by a fallen tree, but he could hardly sleep. He was faintly hungry, having had only some of the dried venison from a kill near Amon Hen, but he was too amazed by the world around him to sleep. His sharp Uruk eyes watched boldly patterned spiders pick their way along the upturned roots of the fallen tree. Bats had taken over for the birds, thousands of tiny Nazgul on their winged steeds, swooping down on centipedes and singing crickets. And the moaning, the humming, was loud enough to vibrate the deliciously cool ground he lay in. It was some living thing, Rakhan decided, but he didn't know where the source was coming from. At once it was close, but also far far away, and once it seemed to be right above him. Rakhan wasn't frightened of this. His brief experience with fear had been an immediate, imminent threat; also, it was a man's curse to be afraid of the unknown. Rakhan didn't know it, but it was his own energy that kept him safe; he meant the forest no harm and it knew, and the strange life of Fangorn Forest reported this in low whispers and slow, deep song throughout the night. Rakhan studied his own breath as it lulled into the rhythm of the life around him. He was a part of the forest that night, and though it was all entrancingly new and exciting, somehow it felt perfectly right of Rakhan. By day he plunged deeper still, exploring, tasting. Fangorn allowed him a deer every other day, generous even for his tall, greedy, thickly muscled body. If he had killed in pleasure, the forest would have let Rakhan starve, it would have smothered him and stamped him out. But Rakhan had enough to do for pleasure; he wasn't in the fiery pits of Isengard fighting over scraps of plunder and drilling endlessly. All of life, as it turned out, was full of beauty; even the decay of life melted into life's rhythms. Rakhan kept moving. If he lay idle he could fill with rage that Saruman and Sauron had denied him the experience of life, and Rakhan noticed that when he went hot with anger he saw nothing of the forest. It even seemed to retreat from him, to grow cold and forbidding. So he kept moving. He left the world behind him and roamed through the gullys and narrow warbling rivers and jumped over mossy logs, existing only in the moment, determined to ignore his old life until he forgot it entirely. On