Author's Note: This one-shot takes place at the end of the third book in the Percy Jackson and the Olympians series, The Titan's Curse. Bear with me on this one, the intro is full of detail but not a lot of dialog. All events in the first three books occur up until the council meeting at the very end of the quest. This One-Shot is to ensure readers that I will get to my AC5 fanfic The Unsung Story, again after my life settles down- college graduation and adulting sucks. This one-shot was inspired by a similar Naruto fanfic- draconis, and everyone else, Enjoy! 'Thoughts' Similes *SOUND EFFECT* *[#] Author's note. LINE BREAK The Night that the Council of Cards was Built Percy couldn't help but wonder how he ended up in this mess. Standing at the entryway of the council chambers, he was in his orange Half Blood Hill sweater and a pair of jeans. Fortunately, there was enough time to make a quick trip to the Poseidon cabin, prior to the council meeting with Annabeth and Thalia. Just prior to Percy's arrival on Olympus, it was rather quiet in the Pantheon of the gods. The council room was enormous from the perspective of a mortal. For a god, it was just cozy. Around the council chambers were ornate ionic, marble columns supporting the roof of the chamber. Each column was smoothed to perfection. In the middle of the chamber was an enormous hearth. Embers and flames danced around oak logs in a gentle, soothing display. The hearth radiated heat to the surrounding room; the nature of the heat was pure delight; the heat kept the gods warm from the snowstorm outside Olympus. The great hearth was encapsulated around a large circular collection of marble bricks, sculpted with the Greek Key in an endless pattern. Like the Mobius band, the Key wrapped around the circumference of the hearth without crossing once. If one looked close enough into the hearth, a little auburn girl in the flames would be visible to them. The '12-year-old girl' was tending to the heath, the embers and the flames cackling with life from her touch. Lady Hestia, the 'girl' in the flames, was never one to ease drop on these important council meetings. As she was not an Olympian, her presence was not required at these meetings apart from the winter solstice. The Fates however, felt that as a former Olympian, her voice was of value in these matters. Why else would her home be in the middle of the council room, if she was not an Olympian herself? Hestia, while kind and selfless, never felt a sense of belonging as an Olympian. The throne room was not her 'Home Sweet Home'. She felt like an outcast, a fly on the wall that never should have been present. This emptiness at times was a burden, even though she was the one who provided hope to Olympus at the direst of times. Because of this emptiness, the Fates were concerned for their plan to tackle the great prophecy. For their vision to prevent Kronos from rising again, Hestia needed to feel at home in the Council room. Directly behind the hearth from the entryway was a massive ornate marble throne. It sat in the center of the small semicircle of thrones around the room, analogous to a keystone in an arch. This throne of pure white marble was in the shape of a stiff, square chair. At the base of the throne was the Greek Key, in a continuous pattern roughly 10 feet tall. The Key wrapped around the throne in a manner that matched the hearth. Just above the base of the throne were massive sculptures of major historical events; these sculptures built into the throne were in exquisite detail. The sculptures depicted events across known time: from the creation of the universe from Lord Chaos, to the heroic deeds of the Trojan war, and including the relatively recent founding of the United States. The gods had only been in New York City for the past 200 years; they moved from London in the American Revolutionary War. As more historical events came to pass, as foretold by the Sibylline Books and the Oracle of Delphi; the throne grew to accommodate new sculptures. The size of the sculpture depicted the magnitude which the event affected Olympus. The largest sculptures on the throne were of the story of creation, the overthrow of the Titans, and the Trojan War. Upon the timeless marble was a surprisingly comfortable throne. The King of the Gods had his lightning bolt insignia on the back of the throne, apart from that the throne was very plain. Lord Zeus felt he had to set an example of a 'Spartan' existence; an 'attitude' of selflessness he tried to instill on the other Olympians. However, that did not stop the other gods from taking personal comforts with their thrones. As the centuries past, mortals grew more and more advanced, thus triggering the changes in thrones of the other gods. Only Lord Zeus' throne remained constant, in terms of original design. Sitting on this throne was Lord Zeus. After hours in the council room, he was beginning to get exhausted. As the leader of the council, he wore his signature solid royal blue suit with a silver tie in a unique thunderbolt pattern. His blazer was unbuttoned as he was sitting with interest on Lady Artemis' tale. Thank the Fates she had escaped the ordeal, but that same damn sea-spawn demigod is giving him a twist in his toga. He would have much rather Thalia been the demigod of prophecy; but the little chance for that evaporated once she takes the oath of maidenhood. ' If that is what Thalia intends to do, I will not stop her' he thought. 'The more I think about it, the better off Olympus would be; now that I consider the alternatives' . Truthfully, Zeus was concerned as he watched the quest unfold. There were several points in time where he saw a glazed-over look in Thalia's eyes as she was confronted with her Fatal Flaw. He did not like what he saw in her expressions. If push came to shove, he was unsure what decisions his demigod daughter would make. Zeus began to zone out as Artemis answered the questioning of the other gods. Winter Solstices were not his favorite; he had to put a good face on for his elder brother, for both of their sakes. Hades never forgave him for so many atrocities Zeus had committed, and Zeus felt similarly about Hades. The two never got along ever since they split the domains of their father Kronos. Zeus was paranoid of Hades, even though he never overtly rebelled. Hades felt as if he was ostracized by Zeus due to his paranoia. It was a toxic situation that never seemed to resolve itself out. If there was only one way to resolve this issue of his older brother without involving Mommy Rhea , Zeus would have gladly taken it. Thrones in the council room were arranged in a semicircle. In ordinary times, there would be twelve thrones for the Twelve Olympians: Zeus, Hera, Poseidon, Artemis, Apollo, Ares, Hephaestus, Aphrodite, Athena, Demeter, Dionysus, and Hermes. Instead at the winter solstice, there were thirteen. This was done so that Lord Hades had a seat in the most important council meeting in the year. Hestia would have also been provided a chair, however she preferred to watch quietly from the flames of the hearth. To the immediate right of Zeus was a throne that could have only been described as the fisherman's dream chair. From the back of a deep-sea tuna charter boat was a large black chair. With a Bass Pro Shops logo inscribed on the back, the chair emitted a sense of gentle waves and a refreshing seaside breeze. In one armrest, there was a modified cup holder turned trident holder. Just to the right of the other armrest was a bait and tacklebox littered with scrolls and decrees from past councils of years passed. Before Athena assumed responsibility of record-keeping, Lord Poseidon was record-keeper of the Olympian councils. Shortly after the Trojan war however, that responsibility was grossly neglected by Poseidon in his timeless chase of one King Odyssius of Ithica. Zeus, fed up with his brother's wild goose chase at the time, delegated the role to Lady Athena. Ever sense then, she has uncannily kept up with over the millennia. Little of the passed mattered now to Lord Poseidon, as he eagerly sat on his throne. His facial expression was beaming with fatherly pride hearing Artemis' tale. His appearance was much more casual than his younger brothers, deciding to attend the council in khakis and a Hawaiian button shirt. He totally had the best demigod son ever; screw Herc the Jerk! Not many male demigods could so easily befriend the huntresses, and Poseidon had an inkling feeling that this was just the beginning of a growing legend. Poseidon turned his head to the left and noticed a strange faint glowing coming from Zeus's throne. For the first time since the American Revolution, Zeus's throne began to make room for a new sculpture. In it clearly depicted a young male demigod holding the weight of the sky with Artemis and Atlas' battle serving as the background of the clash. As it was the newest sculpture, the image was tiny compared to the others on the throne. Poseidon blinked at the image; then suddenly grinned as if Christmas had come early. Feeling content, Poseidon allowed himself to relax. Once the moment had passed, Poseidon began to think about the predicament Olympus was in now. With Thalia turning sixteen in a few hours' time, Poseidon was not worried. Listening to his gut, he felt that the more pressing issue was to prevent the retaliation of other gods' wrath on his son. 'I can't really fault Percy, his nature is so unruly. To go against the roll of the waves is against the nature of the oceans' he mused. 'But the challenge will be to convincing the rest of the council of Percy's loyalties. For a Fatal Flaw, I'm not sure which one is the larger risk; power or loyalty? And if that wasn't enough, there's the Ophiotaurus' . On the other side of Zeus was another marble chair that complimented Zeus' throne. This throne was smaller in size and had the Greek Key wrapping around the base of the throne. Above the Greek Key base, the throne was supported by peacock sculptures made to perfection. The birds themselves had crossed their wings in a way that made a supportive webbing of marble. The sculptures themselves were all uniform in color as the rest of the throne was, however the light that came off from it emphasized the curves of the sculptures nicely. The throne had a hint of lavender to compliment the white marble. The throne itself also emitted feminine grace and maternal protection. As the reigning Queen of the Gods, Hera made sure her throne was pristine, comforting, and yet stocked full of her favorite mid-council snacks. It was a recipe for success if you asked the marriage goddess. Lady Hera was beginning to zone out from Artemis' tale. Her mind was more on the pragmatic aspect of the future. She knew instinctively Thalia was not the prophesied demigod. The fact that nothing imminent to Olympus was occurring reassured her somewhat. Hera turned from Artemis and thought about the said demigod daughter of Zeus. Personal jealousy aside, Hera was more annoyed she even existed at all. Hera knew that it was not Thalia's fault, it was her parent's faults. Hera has tried on multiple occasions to locate and curse the said mortal. However, she just didn't have the heart do to so as said mortal was happily married with a mortal family of her own. When Hera tried