Home Sweet Home Disclaime r - I own everything. Or will do next Christmas. *sighs*. I love reading these kind of fics but there just aren't enough our there. So I decided to write one of my own. If you are interested in other stuff like this then check out my favourites, like 'This Means War' and 'Of Chilly Dwarves And An Angry Elf'. This story is kind of AU, but I'm going to say that it happened after the two of them had left Fangorn Forest, and they went right on to Mirkwood. A/N : 'Maegóre' is pronounced 'Mig-oh-ray', and it means 'sharp heart'. Part One "Are we nearly there?" Gimli moaned. He was extremely fed up. It had been weeks since leaving Fangorn, and days since entering Mirkwood, or Eryn Lasgalen as it was now called. "We are nearly at the palace, yes." Legolas called back to his friend. Gimli, however, needed an exact estimate of how long it would be since Legolas's definition of 'nearly' was rather different to Gimli's. "How many hours?" He asked, preparing himself for the worst. "If I remember rightly, we have just passed the border now." Legolas informed the Dwarf, who practically fell off of the horse in shock. They really were nearly there then! "But it will be many more hours before we reach the palace itself. I suppose it will be another half day of fast riding." Gimli slumped slightly. Still, half a day was not that bad compared to some of the other, longer journeys he had made. In any case, he would be sleeping in an actual bed tonight, instead of the floor. This thought made him feel better, almost on the brink of cheerful, but not quite. It was at that point that, quite suddenly, a group of eight Elves dropped out of the tree's around them. They took Gimli by surprise. Legolas had known they were there, though, and when he saw that most of the group were some of his childhood friends he slipped off of Arod, beaming. "Legolas?" One dark-haired Elf with deep, grey eyes looked at Legolas with a huge smile on his face. "Kemen!" Legolas exclaimed, and with that, the group surrounded him excitedly. They threw question after question at him with a few exclamations thrown in for good measure. "What happened , Legolas?" " Why ? Why did you do it?" "Your father is going to kill you, Legolas-" "Not him , but Lord Elrond!" "Legolas, who's the naugrim ?" At the last question, the entire group finally stopped smothering their friend and gave him a little space. They all looked at him expectantly, and Legolas looked back at them innocently. He cleared his throat. "This," The Elf said, moving over to where Gimli was standing, having struggled ungracefully off of Arod. "Is Gimli, son of Gloin. He represented the Dwarves in the Fellowship of the Ring, he was my companion and is my friend." Now he looked at his friends as though daring them to contradict him. The Wood-Elves looked back at him. "That is all very well," Kemen said. "But do you...do you really think this is wise?" "Yes." Legolas said firmly. Gimli found the whole thing rather tiresome. Maybe Elves did not tire easily, and Gimli was loathe to admit it, but he at least was exhausted with their journey and wanted nothing more than to reach their destination, no matter what came when they got there. Luckily, Legolas knew him well enough to see this and he moved on smoothly. "As good as it is to be home, and to see you all again, we have had a long journey and wish to reach the palace as quickly as possible." Kemen, who was in charge of the small group of Elven warriors, nodded. "I will come with you." He paused briefly, then turned back to his warriors. "Hathel, you come with us too...Aelin, you're in charge. Continue on the route we were already taking." The Elves followed his orders, calling goodbye to Legolas, Kemen and Hathel as they went. Legolas's friends then took to the trees, Legolas leapt lightly back onto Arod and Gimli followed. "Will they be able to keep up with Arod?" Gimli asked Legolas doubtfully as they began a fast trot. This question was met by the musical sound of Elvish laughter floating down from the trees above them. Legolas smiled in spite of himself. "Mellon-nin, have you learnt nothing in your travels with me? Kemen and Hathel will almost certainly arrive ahead of us." And so, they broke into a canter (which Gimli was really not pleased about.) and continued their journey to the Elvenking's Halls. It had been late morning when Legolas and Gimli had crossed the border, and when they arrived outside the palace gates, it was early evening. Sure enough, Hathel and Kemen were happily waiting for the pair by the gates, which had been opened by the guards on the other side at their arrival. As soon as they rode through the gates, some young ellons working in the stable came and immediately took Arod from his riders. First, the Elf and Dwarf removed their belongings from him, then turned to walk into the palace with Kemen and Hathel, who were once again throwing question after question at Legolas. "Hathel, Kemen, please. There will be plenty of time for questions later. For now it is just good to be home." Legolas fended them off, as they approached the doors to the palace. Here they paused briefly and turned to look back at the long path they had just taken up to the palace doors. Gimli turned, to, and what he saw was really quite outstanding. There were exactly 11 steps leading up to the doors of the palace, and standing at the top of them....first, you could see the palace gardens, on either side of the main path. There were trees, but there were many more bushes and flower beds, small little courtyards and large stretches of grass, even a few small little lakes and ponds. Scattered around you could see Elves wandering around and working on the greenery. There was a peacefulness, but not the same kind of peace as in Imladris or Lothlorien. Eryn Lasgalen had been damaged by the war, it was true, but the Elves had wasted no time in restoring it, and it now looked like it hadn't in thousands of years. It looked like Greenwood the Great, not Mirkwood. There was still damage across the realm of course, but the palace looked amazing. Imladris had a quiet beauty, Lothlorien a mysterious grace and Eryn Lasgalen was its own. There was a hushed noise from Elves talking to each other and from nearby animals. Extending from the walls of the palace were trees, nothing but trees. In all directions. Even Gimli had to admit it was something. "Do you like it?" Gimli was surprised to find it was not Legolas who spoke, but his friend...the dark haired one. Kemen. The Elf was studying the Dwarf carefully, and so were the other Elves on the platform - Legolas, the other Elf and the two guards standing by the entrance. "It's...certainly impressive." Gimli replied. To his surprise, both Kemen and Hathel broke into wide smiles at this. Legolas looked somewhat relieved. "It is impressive." Hathel agreed. He had blond hair, like Legolas, and warm, hazel eyes. He had barely finished his sentence before an Elf came rushing out of the palace and, spying Legolas, enveloped him in a hug. It was at least a minute before Legolas managed to escape this new Elf's clutches. "Maegóre! Do you mind?" Legolas demanded, rubbing his right arm where he had been clutched too hard. "No, I don't!" Maegóre retorted. "Do you know how long you've been gone, Legolas? We were-" "Worried sick, I know, I know." Legolas finished. He had heard this all literally hundreds of times before. "You are just lucky that Adar isn't here yet. He's in another meeting- which he wouldn't have to be in if you were here!" Maegóre accused. "You do not seem to be particularly busy." Legolas pointed out a little icily. "I was going through the requisition lists." Maegóre replied even more icily. "Then I was interrupted by the late arrival of my little brother." "Little brother?" Gimli could not keep silent at this. Despite being good friends with Legolas, he had always just assumed that Legolas was an only child. He knew his friend's mother was no longer with them, and Legolas hadn't gone into details, but Legolas had never mentioned any siblings before and Gimli certainly hadn't asked. "Yes. Although there is hardly any time between us at all." Legolas said quickly. The other Elf - Maegóre - turned and looked at the Dwarf too. Gimli used the time to study Legolas's brother. Elves usually looked similar (although he was getting better at being able to tell them apart.) but he could see subtle differences and similarities between Maegóre and Legolas. The both had golden hair, although the older brother had a slightly darker tinge to his. But their eyes were different. Legolas's were silvery blue, and seemed to change shades with the light. Maegóre's eyes were green - pure, sharp green, the colour of the woods around him. Gimli could just pick out different facial features, and realised that Maegóre had more of a rectangular face shape than Legolas and Legolas's eyes were slightly larger. "You brought home a naugrim? On top of everything else? Have you lost your mind?" Maegóre said in disbelief to his brother. "Gimli is my friend." Legolas said, moving protectively in front of the Dwarf, just like he had with the Elves at the border. "Just like Kemen, Hathel Aelin, and Linnod. You don't have a problem with any of them, do you?" Maegóre shook his head. "This is different. This is a Dwarf." Legolas looked at Gimli, begging him to understand and not fault his brother for his intolerance, before turning back to Maegóre. "Ray, please. Aren't you happy to see me? Why can't you just be glad that I'm here?" Legolas inserted a slightly hurt note to his voice. Maegóre's demeanor changed immediately. "Of course I'm glad you're home again. How could you even say that? We can talk about this another time. I'm sure you are both tired." He ushered the two of them into the palace and spoke to Kemen and Hathel. "Did you bring them here?" "We met them on the border, my lord." Kemen answered. "Thank-you. I'm sure you're both tired too...take some rest at your homes." With that, Maegóre followed the other two into the Entrance Hall of his home. "Are my rooms ready?" Legolas asked him hopefully. "They should be. They've been cleaned since you left." "Gimli can take one of my guest rooms then." Legolas said. He looked his brother right in the eye. "Do you have any idea when Ada will be done? It'll be a surprise." "Oh, he'll be surprised." Maegóre agreed. Legolas understood the sarcasticness in his brothers voice but ignored it. "Fine. We'll see you at dinner, Ray." "Alright, Legolas." He watched as Legolas practically pulled Gimli up the stairs and then smile at the Dwarf and start talking. He never took his eyes off of Gimli's back. He had no idea how this had happened, or what he was going to say to his father. He was overjoyed to have Legolas home again, but he didn't trust that Dwarf. Not one bit. "You never told me you had a brother, Legolas." Gimli said as they entered the Elf's rooms. "You never asked." "That is not the point. You could of warned me." "Warned you about what?" There was genuine surprise in Legolas's voice as he stopped to look at the Dwarf. Legolas's chambers were nice, and comfortable. There was a sitting room with a desk, table, and many overstuffed armchairs