Not Alone Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction and nothing is mine, I am only borrowing Tolkien's wonderful world for a moment. Summary: Legolas and Gimli's friendship was forged under the eaves of Lothlorien. But how did they find common ground after so many weeks of rivalry? Mithrandir was dead. Legolas closed his eyes and focused on the sensation of the wind upon his face. It was a very comforting feeling. Far better to think of that than to think of…Moria. And the balrog. And…Mithrandir. He sighed softly and opened his eyes. It was of no use. He had escaped dealing with the wizard's death thus far – it had been easy to put aside those thoughts whilst they fled the mines, seeking the safety and shelter that Lorien's eaves offered. There had not been time to rest, eat, or wash, let alone…anything else. Nay, that would not do. He was not some frightened, naïve elfling to tiptoe around the reality of the situation, no matter how hard to bear it might be. He could recognise the sorrow in his own heart. The truth was simple: There had been no time for grieving whilst they fled the goblins of Moria. He paused to reflect upon this thought for a moment, delighting in the sincerity of it. Surprisingly, he felt as though a weight had been lifted from him. A small weight, true – perhaps the size of a single pebble against the plenitude that rained down upon him – but it was a relief nonetheless. It was time to grieve, he decided. Privately, and whilst hidden from sight in the comforting branches of a mallorn tree, of course. He did not want the remaining fellowship to bear witness to this. Not because of pride – although he had to admit that was probably a part of it – but because he did not want to remind them of the loss they had all suffered. Mortal as they were, they had surely already found the relief he so craved. Having slipped away from the fellowship's sleeping place, he allowed his body to relax fully into the arms of his tree and opened his mind to the thoughts he had previously chased away. He closed his eyes again but not, this time, to hide from unwanted truths. In his fingers he held a leaf, fallen from some higher branch, and turned it over in his hands. Idly, he traced the veins that threaded through the specimen. It was a golden colour unlike any he had known in his home. Absolutely beautiful and completely alien to him. He sent the leaf ground-ward and thought of his home. How he missed it! Lorien was every bit as enchanting as he had been told, but felt in his heart that it did not hold a candle to the jagged loveliness of his forest. Though wood-elves lived in these trees, protected by their lady's enchantments as they were, they were no more his kin than Elrond's people in Imladris. He was as alone here as he had been since he stepped out from under the shadow Taur-nu-Fuin's trees cast upon the ground some months ago. Mithrandir had at least been a weak connection to his home, for the wizard had known his father and people better than any other in the fellowship. Now that link was broken, and he did not know how much further this quest would lead him away from all he had known thus far in his life. A gust of wind blew and the trees that surrounded him rustled in the disturbance. He laid his head on the trunk of the tree and felt its song flow into him. It seemed pleased to have Legolas in its boughs. He deigned to remain here a while longer, seeking what comfort he could from the song of the woods, before the sun rose and he was forced to return to his companions. Gandalf was dead. No matter how many times Gimli turned the sentence over in his mind, he still could not make any sense of it. For the wizard to be lost to them, stolen by such a fell beast as the balrog… he had not thought that would be the fate of their kindly leader. There had been something comforting in the wizard's presence. Aragorn was a fine leader, aye. But heir of Isildur or not, he was only mortal, like the rest of them. Well, apart from the Elf, of course. But the idea of that flighty creature leading them…it was ludicrous! He frankly would have had more faith in Pippin bringing them to Mordor than that foolish being. He harrumphed and cast his eye around the camp. All was silent. His companions slept, wandering in peaceful dreams, he hoped. He knew that he himself would find no rest in this strange place, for fear of waking with a blade to his back. There was no trusting elves, and this was an odd place, odder even than Rivendell had been. Here, he felt that eyes watched him, following his every movement, biding their time until he at last he closed his eyes, and they could show their hand. Looking about, he spied no-one, but that in itself sent a shiver through his spine. Nay, he could not allow his guard down. But nor did he wish to be tied to this clearing for the entirety of their stay, unwilling to venture out into the natives' midst. Why, he was no trembling babe, hovering at his mother's knee! He was a warrior of Durin's folk – one of the Nine! He had faced the shadow-monster of Moria and would not cower from these Elves. Gimli stood in defiance and made his decision. He could find no comfort here, but that did not mean that elsewhere he would not. Gimli made his way through the camp, careful not to disturb his sleeping friends, and set out through the trees, patting his axes in satisfaction as he went. He did not want to get lost in this place, though it seemed far too easy to do so, for it all looked the same to him. so he moved in one direction. He would not go so great a distance that he could not get back in a jiffy. In no time at all he found his feet dampened by a small stream, barely more than a trickle, really. Perhaps it was an offshoot of the larger one the Elf had pointed out to their company when they first had entered the woods. It mattered not, he thought, and followed it downstream a way. He was glad he had left the camp. Even here, still so close to the Elven city, their influence seemed lesser. None seemed to live in this area, and it showed. The eerie blanket which had covered the elvish dwellings seemed to have lifted somewhat. Here the wind blew, the trees rustled and the birds sang. He settled at the base of a wide tree, facing the water and thinking about home. Gimli held his axe in his hands (was it his imagination, or did the trees seem to move as one as he ran his hands over the handle?) and gazed thoughtfully around him. His father might have a thing or two to say if he saw his son now, guest to the mythical elven witch, and living in their treetop realm. Aye, he was far from home. He winced as something pointy fell on his head. A single stick came to rest on the ground next to him. He stared at it. Without further ado, a bundle of similar twigs, acorns and other tree produce rained down on him. "Ouch!" he cried. He raised his eyes to the dizzying heights of the tree he rested under. "Why-" He got no further than this, for his words were extinguished by shock at what he saw above him. The elf peered down at him in astonishment. Several beats passed while they locked eyes with each other. Heat rose to his face, blood pounded between his ears. Gradually, the elf settled on his branch and Gimli lowered his gaze. "You are far from the camp tonight, master Dwarf," the elf said silkily. Gimli bristled. "As are you, master Elf," he replied with as much courtesy as he could muster. "That is true," Legolas agreed easily. "Should you wish to remain here, master Dwarf, I would advise you to put away your weapon, and the trees might respond more kindly to your presence." Gimli scowled at what he saw as superstitious nonsense, but nonetheless he returned the axe to its place on his belt. After all, the deposit of a pile of painful tree-objects precisely upon his head had been no coincidence, and he did not believe the Elf had done it. Pitiful, foolish creature or not, he doubted the Elf would risk word of such childish pranking reaching their companions' ears. Silence reigned, and Gimli shifted uncomfortably. He could not very well get up and walk away, but oh, how he wished he had chosen some other tree to sit under! When the elf spoke again, Gimli startled, for he had not expected the other to encourage discourse between them. "The trees called me to them," Legolas continued easily. "Though I suspect the same cannot be said for you, master Dwarf." "Certainly not," Gimli replied haughtily. Trees! What ridiculous creatures these elves were. Legolas smiled. "Indeed. I merely wonder what drew you away from our friends." Gimli looked steadfastly ahead of him. "We all need some time alone to think now and again." "That is true," Legolas agreed but he said no more, and Gimli looked up at him sharply. There had seemed to be more than polite accordance in the Elf's voice that he couldn't quite put his finger on. Oblivious, the Elf gazed idly into the distance, wandering in far-away lands and memories. The Dwarf was suddenly reminded of something Aragorn had said to him once, about the Elf being considered so young by his own kin that he was really the youngest of all the Fellowship. Gimli had dismissed it at the time, no doubt muttering something about maturity, or lack thereof, but now the words rang in his ears. If the elf was truly so young, and immortal as all his kind were, it was possible he had never known anyone to die before. He could not imagine the wizard's heinous passing to be his first taste of such a thing. Pity stirred in him, and though his immediate reaction was to quash it flat, he reminded himself that a few comforting words were the least he would do for one of the hobbits. Of course, he had consoled the Halflings many times since fleeing the mines, as all in the group had, but he did not recall anyone doing so for the Elf. Perhaps that been an overlook on all their parts and Elf or not, he was sworn to help those of the Fellowship in any way he could. Gimli cleared his throat and spoke in as gentle a voice as he could conjure. "The past days have been hard on us all, lad." There was no reply. He squinted up into the branches above him. The Elf made no sign of hearing his words. Cursed thing! Undeterred, he took a deep breath and tried again. "Gandalf was a dear friend to all of us. There is naught in this world so terrible as losing such a person-"Gimli felt the Elf's eyes slide onto him at this declaration. He blustered on. "Know that we all feel the same pain you do, Legolas," he sighed. "Aye, the first time's the hardest." He had now convinced himself that his speculation regarding the Elf was correct. A laugh sounded from the heights above him, though there was less mirth in it than usually spilled from the Elf's mouth.