A/N: So I've always wondered how different the story might have been if Voldemort had chosen Neville instead of Harry to kill. Initially I tried to just straight swap, but it occurred to me so many things would be different. So I've set out to write that story. While many of the characters will seem familiar, many will be different, especially Neville and Harry. Also, some events will be similar, as some of outside forces will be the same, but I hope to create a new take on a familiar world. I don't own the universe, I'm just here to play. "Come on, Neville. The train leaves in 15 minutes." Augusta Longbottom dragged a very reluctant Neville towards Platform 9 ¾. He had only been in England for about 2 weeks, and now his grandmother was shipping him off to some school called Hogwarts. Neville and his Grandmother had been living in the States for most of his life. They had moved there when he was a small child after his parents had passed away. "Do I really have to go to this school?" Neville spoke with an accent firmly planted in between American and English. He spent most of his time with his English-accented grandmother, but had also spent his formative years trying to blend in with his surroundings. Augusta sighed, "Yes Neville." Truthfully, she was trying to avoid it. She had been hoping to send him to Muggle schools and be done with the past, but when Dumbledore himself showed up at her not as well hidden as she thought front door, she found that she had no choice. The pair were now at the trains, she turned to face her grandson, and bent down as much as her old body would let her. "I know that we haven't had much of a chance to talk…" "More like you you didn't talk…" Neville snapped. His grandmother always avoided talking about the past. Always forward. She could hear her say any time he tried to ask about his parents or wizarding. Neville knew he was a wizard. He knew that he could do magic, but his grandmother described it as nothing more than parlor tricks, and a rare family trait. He tried out spells he found in the public library, but anytime his grandmother caught him trying magic she scolded him and stopped taking him to the library. Augusta let out a sharp sigh, as he was not wrong, "I should have prepared you better for this. I am sorry, just…" She brushed his bangs out of his eyes, her thumb lingering on the lightning shape scar on his forehead. "You can trust Dumbledore. Make friends. Be happy and always forward." Augusta never thought she'd be one to try to outrun her history, but always forward had been the mantra she clung to as she worked past the death of her son and daughter-in-law. "Okay." Neville honestly didn't know what else to say. Dumbledore was a strange man. He reminded Neville of Gandalf from the Hobbit books. But when he literally appeared in the living room with a loud pop, Neville learned two things. 1. Dumbledore was nothing like Gandalf, and 2. Magic was way more powerful than his grandmother ever lead him to believe. That was the exact moment the resentment began to set in. He didn't get to talk to Dumbledore for long before Augusta shooed him away. "Just know that I did what I thought was right." She turned the boy around to face the train and sent him off with gentle push. Neville didn't think much on her words. He focused on the train in front of him. He got on, dragging his bag behind him. As he walked down the narrow aisle of the train, he felt each cabin go quiet as he passed by their doors. Neville had felt something when he and his grandmother went shopping for the most bizarre school list he had ever encountered. The people, strange as they were in robes and funny hats, looked at him as though HE were the strange one. Neville finally found an empty cabin and settled into a seat. Not 5 minutes after he sat down, a girl with wild hair burst into his space. "Have you seen a rat?" The girl asked, her abnormally large front teeth giving her the slightest lisp on her s. "No, no rats here." Neville responded. "You're American." The girl said rather plainly. "I didn't think Americans went to Hogwarts." Neville felt oddly compelled to defend himself, "I'm NOT American, I just grew up there." The girl's eyes widened suddenly, "You're Neville Longbottom." Neville shifted uncomfortable, "Yes. How do you know?" "Everyone knows your story. I should have recognized you sooner. Even a Muggle born like me knows who you are." "Oh." His mind was racing. Why did people know him? His grandmother told him literally nothing. He could feel his resentment towards her growing into anger. "Well, if you see a rat, his name is Scabbers. We are in cabin 8. Oh, and my name is Hermione Granger. Nice to meet you Neville." The girl turned on her heel and was gone in a frizzy flourish of hair. Neville was left alone. People knew his story. What story did he have? His parents died in a freak accident at work, and his Grandmother moved them to the states. His parents were cops, or at least that's what he was told. He began going over what little he did know about his history and wondered how much of it was a lie. Before he could examine his whole life in excruciating detail, three new sets of eyes stuck their head in the door. "So you're Neville Longbottom." The green-eyed boy said. "He doesn't look like much." the girl responded, her dark eyebrow raising. "Can you sign my….. Uh… arm?" The red headed boy asked. "Really, Ron? Your arm?" The girl looked at Ron with a skepticism. He looked offended, "I didn't know it would really be him! I forgot to bring paper. If I knew he would be in our year I'd've brought his card to sign." "Card?" Neville finally interrupted. Ron pushed past the other two and plopped down next to Neville, "Yep. Your chocolate frog card! Every one famous has one." He reached into his pocket and handed Neville a card. "Here, I got another Dumbledore. You can have it." Neville took the card from the over eager boy and watched as the grey bearded man waved before walking out of the frame. He had only ever seen one other picture move like that before. It was one of his parents he found in his grandmother's things. When he asked her about it, she dismissed it as one of those parlor tricks his family could do. "Do they all move like this?" By now, the other two had entered the cabin and sat down across from Ron and him. "Yep, wizard pictures move. It's a thing. I'm Harry Potter, and this is my cousin Cedrella Black. We just met Ron. He seems alright" "Ella." the girl interjected, "For the love of Merlin, Ella." "She hates her name," Harry finished. "So I call her Cedrella at every opportunity I can." She punched him in the arm, "Ow. I'm telling your father." "And what's he going to do? Give me a high five?" She snorted. "Fair point." He responded. "So what house are you hoping for?" Ella asked. "I think my dad will kill me if I end up in Slytherin, but I think I like it best." "House?" Neville asked. He could barely get a word in. Ron, who seemed to have an endless supply of candy in his pockets, responded through his chews, "Yeah, the Hogwarts houses, Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. I'll be in Gryffindor. Everyone else in my family is." "I reckon I will be too. My dad was in that house." A small frown flashed across Harry's face. "I think you're a nutter to want to be in Slytherin." Ron said to Ella. "Why would that be bad?" Neville asked. "Slytherins are bad news. No one good came out of that house." Before Ron could continue, yet another face appeared in the door. "What do we have here, a blood traitor, a half blood, and judging by the state of your clothes and that god awful red hair, you must be the next Weasley." The newest visitor stuck his hand out to Neville, "I'm Draco Malfoy. If you are looking for better friends, come find me. I'll be in Slytherin." Neville reluctantly shook the blond boy's hand and answered non committally, "Uh yeah, sure." Draco was out the door as quickly as he entered. "Ugh, so glad that part of the family disowned me." Ella rolled her eyes. "I don't think they even know you exist." Harry responded. "Well, either way. That kid's a git. And NOT what a slytherin should be." Ella nodded her head definitively, suggesting her word was absolute. Just then, the frizzy haired face of Hermione returned. "We are almost to Hogwarts, I'd get in your robes." She paused, realizing who was in the cabin, rather than simply making the announcement she had taken upon her self to make. "RON!" she barked, "Did you find your rat?" Ron jumped at the harshness of her tone, "Uh yeah, Ella sat on him for a minute. Its fine." "Good." Hermione stated, "See you at the sorting ceremony. I'm hoping for Ravenclaw." "My god that girl is intense." Ron exclaimed, mouth full, as the jolt of being yelled at made him forget to chew. His dumbfounded expression elicited chuckles from the whole cabin. Neville found himself sitting in the biggest room he had ever seen, the ceiling seemingly endless and full of stars and floating candles. There were 5 long tables, each one coloured differently, with the exception of the 5th, the table that he and his new friends were sitting. Dumbledore had made a speech and stressed the importance that the 3rd floor wing was off limits. He then brought out a floppy brown hat. "Let the Sorting begin!" he had shouted, well not so much shouted, but rather said so loud everyone heard. Much to Neville's surprise, the hat sprang to life as a tall thin woman began shouting the names of first year students. Before long he heard "Black, Cedrella." Ella groaned and stood up and walked to the front of the room. The hat was placed on her head and seemed to be having a conversation with her, though it was too quiet for anyone to hear. "SLYTHERIN" the hat suddenly shouted. Ella made a small celebration and the table covered in green cheered as the girl made her way to the table. Neville watched with curiosity as the next several students were sorted, and then he heard it "Longbottom, Neville" A hushed whisper spread across the room as he made his way to the front. The hat was placed on his head, the brim nearly covering his vision. "Oh my, I wondered when I would get to sort you," The hat spoke, although Neville wasn't quite sure it was his ears that heard the voice, but he did definitely understand. "Lets see here, there is some resentment here, be careful with that, perhaps Hufflepuff to help you… No that does not seem right. Maybe Slytherin.. Oh, what is this? Yes… Interesting, Well in that case… GRYFFINDOR" The hat shouted. Neville hopped off the stool as the maroon table erupted into raucous cheering. He sat himself down at the table next to another first year and across from 3 red heads who looked startlingly familiar. Before long, both Ron, Harry, and Hermione, joined Neville at the table. Hermione looked a bit horrified as she sat down, but no one seemed to question her fear. The sorting finished and the tables suddenly filled with food of all sorts