-Only Human- -ElvenHope- Jan 21st 2006 Summary: White lies aretold to protectloved ones from the truth which may be too much for them, especially when they are young. But there comes a time when they cannot be decieved forever and when that time comes the pain ofa little white lie is multiplied tenfold. Written for the Teitho FanFiction contest. Disclaimer: Written with all respect to J.R.R Tolkien. In some way I do wish the characters were mine, but if they were then it is most likely that we wouldn't be writing about them because they'd be extremely rubbish and rather uninspiring people. o O o "You're going to tell him today?" Glorfindel asked looking at the Elven Lord as he paced anxiously about the room. "Is that wise?" "What else can I do?" Elrond snapped. "I can't put it off any longer." "You could wait until later," the golden haired elf said understanding Elrond's mood. He had the very hard job of breaking the news to Estel, not even the Balrog Slayer wanted to be in that position. Estel had grown up his whole life imperfect in a perfect world and he hated himself for being that way. He hated himself for being human. Knowing that he was the decendent of the very person who returned the world to darkness was not going to help his attitude towards humans in the slightest. "It is later," Elrond said looking at the sky. "I promised 'Dan and 'Ro I'd wait until they come back so that they could take him hunting whilst he wasn't miserable." "Why not wait until after the feast?" Glorfindel asked sitting on a wooden bench and looking out through the picture window from which you could see nearly the whole of Imladris. No wonder Elrond liked it in his study so much, it was a very nice place to just sit and think. "Or maybe tomorrow even." "Not it has to be today," Elrond said sitting down next to the Balrog Slayer and looking out of the window. "I told myself it would be today," he sighed. "If I put it off any longer I think I will snap under the pressure. Maybe waiting until after the feast is a good idea. Knowing Estel he will sulk in his room after he hears what I have to say and he probably won't come out." "Do you have Barahir?" Glorfindel asked watching Elrond closely. Elrond patted his pocket. "Yes, it is here." He smiled. "Maybe he will think it a nice birthday present, although I doubt it." "Giving him something of his father's would probably be the greatest present you could give him," Glorfindel reassured him. "Yes it would have been, but once he learns of his lineage he will not think of it as something of his father's he will think of it as a curse; another thing to tie him to the same fate as the others." Elrond said sadly looking down into the valley as though searching for the boy he had raised in his house for so long. "I wish there was an easier way to do this. I have hated lying to him all these years, but now that it is time to tell him the truth I wish that I could just keep on pretending for that little while longer." The day was warm and bright and sunny and just that tiny bit humid, but not enough to really cause any concern. Estel followed his brother's on foot as they raced through the tree tops trying to chase the birds from their nests. So far the hunting trip had not gone all too sucessfully seeing as most of the animals were sleeping to hide from the hot weather. Estel skidded to a halt suddenly as Elladan dropped out of the trees right in front of him followed closely by Elrohir. The human jumped back surprised and the elves laughed at him as he tripped over a root and fell to the forest floor. Elrohir offered the human his hand to help him up, but Estel swatted it away and stood up picking leaves out of his shaggy hair glaring at the pair before him. "That wasn't funny," he grumbled. "Oh contrare, it was a rather amusing sight brother dearest," Elladan said still grinning like a cheshire cat. "Stupid," was Estel's reply as he tried to find something to throw at his brother. "Why don't we go swimming?" Elrohir suggested before his brother's could break out in a fight, something which would make Estel even more agitated - for no matter how hard the human tried he had yet to beat either of the twins in a fight. It was unfair though, for as sure footed Estel was he could never best the twins' elven grace. Normally they could tire him without even having to touch the human. "There's a lake not too far from here." Estel looked at his brother then nodded, "alright," he answered. "After all it is rather warm today." That settled Elrohir led the way through the forest to the edge of the ravine. Elladan frowned looking down at the steep bank of rocks bordering dark water where two streams met to form a pool. It was impossible to judge the depth and he was less than certain about jumping into it. "It's quite safe," Elrohir assured his brother, kicking off his boots, his outer tunic and weapons already in a pile along with Estel's and Elladan's. "I'm going in anyway, I'm roasting. Are you coming Estel?" The human looked unsure, but then nodded pulling off his boots as Elrohir took a careful step down the bank. Losing his footing on a loose stone, he gave a cry, lurching backwards with his arms flailing. "Elrohir!" Elladan leaped forward and grabbed the back of his brother's shirt only to be met with merry laughter. Elrohir grinned back at his brother's smiling at the expression on Estel's face. "Oh you scare so easily!" Elladan released the grip on his shirt and placed his hand against his pounding heart in an attempt to still it. "Are you trying to kill me?" he gasped. "I wouldn't dare." With a devilish smile, Elrohir leapt from the topmost rock and hit the water with a loud splash. "Yes Elrohir you're so clever," Elladan called down. "Drown yourself to prove your point!" Elrohir grinned up at Elladan who was glowering at him and then at Estel who was judging where to jump from. "Are you coming in or not you cowards!" Estel walked away a few paces then took a run up andjumped as Elrohir swam back to avoid being hit or splashed by the water. Elladan peered over the edge of the rocks as the ripples ceased their flow. He couldn't see Estel. "Alright you can come up now." Holding onto the edged of the rocks he picked his way down the bank as Elrohir began to swim back in the direction of where Estel had hit the water. "Estel, come up now this isn't funny." Anxiety pulled at Elladan's heart as he scrambled quickly down the last few feet, not caring about his own safety. Perhaps he'd fallen onto hidden rocks? Or the cold had stolen his breath away. Or the water had been shallower than it looked and he'd broken his neck. "Estel!" he cried, unable to stop his voice from coming out as a panicked shriek. Estel emerged, spraying water just as Elrohir reached him. "Jump in, you lily livered elf!" Elladan leaned his weight back against the warm rocks, feeling weak in the knees. "You are mad!" he didn't know whether to laugh with relief or shout at him. "Both of you!" "Are you coming in or not?" Estel asked beaming triumphantly. "Or do we have to pull you in?" Elrohir asked both of them wading to the edge so that the water lapped around their waists. Elladan scrambled back up the rocks a little way. "Don't you dare." He sat down to pull off his boots. "I just have more sense to undress first so that I don't arrive dripping through the halls." Blindness suddenly struck him in the form of something white and wet and it took a moment for him to realize that it was Elrohir's shirt, thrown by his impatient brother. He barely had the time to pull the shirt away before both had clambered out of the water and dragged him in. Elladan heard his brother's laughing as he emerged spluttering and gasping and aimed a slap at Estel's head, but the human ducked under the water. "That wasn't fair!" Elladan grumbled. "It was so," Elrohir answered placing a hand on the human's head as he rose from the water and pushing him back under. "Get off me Elrohir!" Estel snapped pulling at his brother's hair to get him off. "Ow!" Elrohir yelped. "Estel Arwen fights better that you! Pulling my hair indeed!" Estel tried to catch his brother, but Elrohir began a rapid front crawl away from the irate human. Elladan watched the pair of them happily trying to hide the anxiousness inside his heart. Estel would hate them later and he knew it, their brother was going to be taken away from them in mere hours and it wasn't fair, the fifteen years that they had had Estel under their roof had gone so fast. They had all known this day would come, but now that it was here he wished that they could just put it off that little bit longer, even though it was inevitable. Estel was meant for things far greater than them. Today they were going to loose their little brother forever. Maybe if he had always known then it would be different, but Elladan knew it was not true. That little white lie had been necessary even though it would hurt them all greatly. Elrond came across his sons later in the hall and rolled his eyes. Trust them to come back home dripping wet. "Ah so it's you three who are the culprits," he said striding down the hall to the three of them. "I might have guessed." "It was not my fault," Elladan said quickly. Elrond raised his legendary eyebrows, "and why was that?" "Because those two," he said pointing an accusatory finger at Elrohir and Estel. "Pushed me in!" "I thought you were going hunting," Elrond said looking at the three of them quizzically. "We were Ada," Estel explained. "But everything was asleep, so we went swimming instead." Elrond nodded glad that he hadn't been near them; they normally had a way of getting anyone nearby incredably wet when they decided to go swimming. Elrond looked at Estel sadly then realizing that this was one of the last times the boy would not have the weight of the world on his shoulders. The Elf Lord's heart twisted painfully in his chest. Estel had called him Ada. It would be so hard for Elrond to accept the fact that he was no longer the boy's father; that he could no longer protect him from the outside world. "Get dry and ready you three," Elrond said his voice suddenly lifeless. "The feast begins soon and I do not want you to be late." "So," Elladan asked as they made their way to their rooms, "how are you going to ruin the feast this year Estel?" Estel grinned at his brother's. "You know I hadn't thought of that." He looked back on previous birthdays which had gone awry thanks to either him or the twins. "Maybe I won't do anything this year," he smiled, "after all I come of age this year, maybe I should just grow up." Elrohir swallowed hard then laughed hoping that Estel wouldn't hear how false it sounded. "I'd like to see that, gwador." The table was laid out with more than enough food for the party that sat around it. Estel sat at the head