"Wake up sweet heart," the mothers voice whispered urgently. She hurried about her daughters room quickly packing a few essentials the young girl would need into the oversized back packs. Her curly sandy red-brown hair was pulled back tightly into a braid, her long bangs falling loosely into her honey and brown eyes. She was young, or at least younger than you would expect the mother of a thirteen year old girl to be. Her daughters bed was pressed into the farthest corner from the door, her mini mouse sheets peeking out from under the purple comforter and a pink penguin tightly clutched in the girls hands. "Mom what are you doing?" the young girl was the spitting image of her mother but with darker hair and lighter eyes. "I will tell you everything later, but I need you up and dressed. Here put these on," the young woman tossed her daughter a pair of green cargo pants and a brown shirt along with the girls zip up black hoodie and her hiking boots. The daughter began to dress as her mother instructed slightly peeved about being woken up. She walked into the living room and glared at her mothers back, "Mom its three in the morning and I have a math and history test tomorrow or today actually. Mom!" the girl shouted trying to get the womans attention. "Not now, just do as you're told for once please!" the girl was startled by the panic in her mothers voice. The woman turned around and crouched in front of her child, "Arms up," and put a belt around the girls waist. "Don't touch these unless you have too. And don't worry about your tests. It will be fine." The mother kissed her child on the forehead trying to give the girl what comfort she could before hastily pulling the girls hair back into a pony tail. "Now go wait for me in the car and turn it on for me," "Where are we going?" the girl was scared now and she wanted answers. "Please wait in the car," her mother pushed her daughter towards the door as she strapped on one of the packs tightly on. "No! I don't want to! Mom you always do this just tell me why I'm thirteen. I'm not a baby anymore!" "Aubrey! Get your ass in that car now!" the girl jumped, her mother rarely yelled at her. Aubrey grabbed the keys she had dropped and quickly walked out the front door. Her mother was watching her. The woman waited until she heard the car turn on and saw the lights flood through the kitchen window of the tiny two bedroom house before she took the lid off of the gasoline can and began pouring it over everything in the living room. Picking up her daughters pack she paused, the lighter in her hand. This was their home. They had stayed here for three years. That was the longest they had ever stayed in one house, in one city. It had finally become home but now they had to go. Exhaling she lit the lighter and leaned forward and set the small worn blue couch on fire. It was an ugly thing they had bought from a Salvation Army store. And she fled with her child. It was nearly noon when they stopped at a McDonalds to get lunch. They had only stopped once before and that was for gas. Her daughter was asleep in the back seat, lying down under a blanket. She stared at her in the mirror as she waited in the drive-through line. She had made a decision when she was young but she never regretted it more than she did now. She knew they had to go back, she had to take them back. She looked so much like her father. Evelyn watched her feeling regret well up knowing she had made a huge mistake by running from her problems. And that mistake had cost her daughter her father. She could feel the pull. She punched the gas as they pulled back onto the high way willing the old '93 cadilliac deville to go faster. She sang along with the enya cd as she pulled off at the all to familiar exit that led to the place that changed her life. She followed the signs for Rickets Glenn Visitor Center and pulled off to a small parking area separate from the larger public one. She shook her daughter awake. It was approaching dusk. The mother had given her daughter a sleeping pill with her lunch. The transition would be easier for Aubrey if she was partially asleep. Aubrey was just barely awake as she followed her mother down the slopes. "Mom I'm tired and it's dark. Why can't we just sleep in the car." Her mom didn't answer her, just held her hand out to help her down one of the steeper slopes. Rickets Glenn was well known in Pennsylvania for its water falls. Aubrey had been here several times, her mother always chose small towns closer and closer around the park. They came here once a year, always at night and always in the fall. But never before had her mother set the house on fire first. She was scared and angry and sleepy. But her mother kept going until they reached one particular water fall. Aubrey didn't like this part, her mother would walk through the water fall and a few minutes later would come back out. Then they would walk back to the car and then to a hotel and then the next day Aubrey would have a new name, school, house and everything else. She hated it. Her current name was Rose Parker and her mother was Hannah Parker. But their secret names were Aubrey and Evelyn. Aubrey sat down on a large boulder, she called it the waiting rock. It was where she always sat while waiting for her mom. But this time she didn't have to wait long. Her mother came rushing out from the water. "Bree hurry! Now!" Aubrey didn't want to get wet, she skirted around the side of the small deep pool to get to the falls. She got closer to the falls, the mist making her damp. Her mother had disappeared through the water again. So she called out for her. "Mom…Moooommm?" Her voice was cut off as she tried to squeeze between the water and the stone wall. It didn't work. She was immediately drenched and came out behind the water spitting water out of her mouth. The cave was small, maybe only ten feet back. Her mother had her hands pressed against a boulder, she could see light coming out of the crack as her mother pushed harder. "Bree help me," her mother grunted. Bree hurried over and as she placed her hands on the boulder to push they both let out a scream as it moved like melted butter on a hot pan. Evelyn felt her scream disappear as her arms wrapped around her daughter and they fell into a blinding, searing blackness. The blackness was all to familiar, she remembered it from last time. Her head pounded in a familiar way and the dizziness hit suddenly. Evelyn rolled over and vomited on the stone floor. Aubrey, where was Aubrey? She reached out in panic as the dark spots began to fade and searched the cave for her daughter. She was slumped against the wall next to her. Aubrey's short bangs covered her eyes and she appeared to be sleeping. Evelyn sat up and felt something wet plop onto her chest, it was a damp washcloth. And there was a blanket lying over her and an attempt at a fire at the caves mouth. The woman stood felling slightly disoriented and pushed past the thick vines and just barely managed to squeeze through the hole her daughter had cut. While they were the same height, her daughter was much slimmer than her. They both stood at a proud 5'10", her daughter sprouting three inches in the last year alone, but Evelyn wore a size twelve and her daughter a four. Her daughter looked older than she was while Evelyn looked younger. Evelyn was nearing seventy but looked a mere twenty, possibly thirty. In the last few years people thought them sisters rather than mother and daughter. But Eveyln made sure that Aubrey knew that she was the Mom and not sister even though she longed to be both to her soon to be teenager. She knew her daughter would be a beauty and was beyond the point where she could be mistaken as a gangly boy. Evelyn finally managed to squeeze through the hole and popped up looking around. The clearing had filled in, in the twelve and a half years since she had gone back to the world she had been raised in. She had stumbled upon Middle Earth when she was but sixteen, the home of her birth. She walked down the small slope and was surprised to see the log cabin still standing. She had built it herself, having lived the first four years of her life in this clearing after her arrival. She smiled as she breathed in a deep breath. By the time Aubrey awoke and had climbed out of the small cave in a slight panic Evelyn had the cabin mostly aired out. "Good afternoon sweet-heart. How did you sleep?" "What the hell is going on? Where the hell are we?" "Come and help me with these beds," Evelyn sat back on her heels. She was sitting in a pack of dirt, a pile of weeds at her side. Aubrey kneeled next to her mom and put on the pair of offered gloves and began to pull out the grass and weeds. "Before you were born, I was sixteen, I stumbled across this place by accident. I had fallen while hicking in Ricketts Glenn and crawled into that cave. The next morning when I awoke I was still in a cave, just a different cave. The one we woke up in to be specific. I was alone and scared. I built that cabin and taught myself to hunt but about four years after my arrival an old man knocked on my door. He was tired and hungry so I let him stay for awhile. His name was Gandalf the Grey. Sound familiar?" Aurbre had stopped and was staring at her mom. "That's the name of the wizard form those books you read to me when I was little." "Precisely, It wasn't until then that I realized where I was. I thought him insane but I knew it wasn't a joke. He was the first human I had met or somewhat human since my arrival here. I was just grateful to meet someone. I told him my name and how I got here and he at first didn't believe me but after awhile came around. About a month later we left this place and he took me to Rivendell. Yes the Rivendell." Aubrey couldn't breathe, she stood quickly and backed away from her smilling mom. Why was she smiling? Why did she look happy? She put her arms behind her head, her arms pressing hard against its sides as she tried to remember how to breathe. "You can't be… that isn't….no…you're lying….this isn't real…that was a made up place…those were only stories. You have gone insane! YOU HAVE TO BE INSANE!" her voice had slowly risen to a piercing shriek. "Aubrey sit down." "No! I will not sit! Sitting will not help anything! You are lying! This place is made up. It isn't real." "It is quite real, I lived here for fifty something years before leaving while I was pregnant with you. I was bitter and hurt, I was wishing my life here had never happened. When I went back I did not yet know I was pregnant with you,