The first few days after she came were a blur. The new treatment plan had humane principles going for it, but they still didn't know what they were doing. The doctors hadn't been using the controller for fun, pain was the most direct way they'd found to snap him out of an episode. Without it, he lost whole days to rounds of hijacked delusions and sedation. His mind was all torn wires, hissing and sparking. Flickering brighter. Shorting out. It just hurt and hurt and hurt . Few things could distract him from it long enough to matter except physical pain. With the controller gone, he used the straps to ground himself. Twisted them around and tried to hold on. His wrists were raw by the time they finished recalibrating his medications. Once he could be present long enough to express a preference, Dr. Lewis asked him if there was anything he wanted. "If anyone still wants to see me…" There was a needy yearning in his chest for human contact. People who knew him, not the neutral faces of the staff. He felt like a fish flopping around on dry land gasping for water. But he wouldn't blame them if they'd given up on him at this point. How many times could someone be expected to hold a conversation with a screaming maniac? "Of course they do," Dr. Lewis said. "People have been asking after you." "Then I want to talk to them," he said. "That's what I want." Dr. Lewis was nothing if not amenable. A new schedule was set up immediately. Mornings and evenings were for "work" – some combination of watching videos while drugged to the gills and talk therapy. But in the afternoons he got to see people. [ Week 1] Haymitch came to see him on Monday. "Hey, kiddo," he said. He gave Peeta's bare foot a casual pat and stood there at the end of the bed, clearly wishing he was having a drink. Someplace else. He wasn't good with sick people. Seemed to think that Peeta was a bit dim now that he'd gone mad. He had some humiliating memories of screaming his head off at the man that he wished he could get rid of, so it wasn't like he didn't have a reason. But it nettled. And annoyance was much safer than rage, so he didn't try to push the feeling away. He used to spend hours figuring out the right words to say to keep this man functional. Swallowing his pride. Playing peacemaker between him and her because neither of them could ever swallow their pride. Oh, no. Never that! And then Haymitch had gone and lied to them, gotten them into this mess. If he'd just shared his stupid plan… it wasn't like Peeta couldn't keep a secret. "How much trouble is she in?" Peeta asked crisply and took satisfaction in watching the condescending look evaporate. He was sick, not stupid . "After that stunt she pulled? Not too bad," Haymitch said, casting his eyes over at the one-way mirror and then back. "She's got some political capital left," he raked his eyes over Peeta, "if she doesn't spend it all in one place. Still," he shrugged, "she's finding ways to make herself useful. That's the thing about 13, everybody finds a way to make themselves useful." Peeta felt a shiver go up his spine. The implied or else hung in the air. He knew they were spending a small fortune in pharmaceuticals on him. But the full dimensions of the situation… he'd convinced Haymitch he was well enough to survive getting a scare put into him, he guessed. It was what he wanted, but it rankled. Because who knew why? "That's not really my fault, now is it?" he snapped, much angrier than he should be. Haymitch cocked his head. "Kid, you ever known a day in your life when that mattered?" Peeta frowned. "Stop calling me kid." "Okay, son ," Haymitch said, a glint in his eye. "Why do you even come by?" he asked, exasperated. "Guilt, mostly." "Just take care of her," Peeta said. He couldn't do it himself. He was part of the problem and he hated having to admit that. "You know, I hadn't thought of that!" Haymitch drawled. He nodded, "But now you mention it – I'll get right on that." "Oh, fuck off, Haymitch." Haymitch patted his foot again, laughed. "I kind of like you better rude, you know that, son?" "That's because you think nice is weak," Peeta said, unable to hide his bitterness. Haymitch had always thought that. Peeta had even used it to his advantage, to get more help for her . As far as he could recall, it always worked. That hurt. A sad look came over Haymitch's face. He smoothed a hand over his beard. "Nah. It's been a while since I'd make a stupid mistake like that. Well," he headed for the door, "see you later, kid." xXx Everything hurt more the saner he got. He remembered just enough to miss what he had lost. xXx On Tuesday, Delly told him about the boy from 13 she was sweet on. He was tall and quiet and he'd found her little brother when the boy got lost. She talked to Peeta like his friends used to back home. At school, Peeta was always the one people came to for sympathy, advice, a shoulder to cry on. He hadn't felt so clean in a long, long time as he did being talked to like he was still that boy. She was doing it on purpose. But she played the role so well only another inveterate people pleaser would be able to tell. Most people probably thought she was shallow. Most people were assholes. "But now I'm all confused about what to do," she said, finishing her story with a sigh. "He rescued little Davy and I haven't even spoken to him since!" She pressed her hand to her cheek, the very picture of adolescent suffering. Peeta smiled. "You said you have a class with him?" She nodded. "You could ask to study with him," he suggested. He hadn't felt this light and silly since… he tried to skip back to the last time and had to stop. There was a vast wreckage of holes and shiny, gleaming cruel memories and twisted things between him and that kind of innocence. "Do you really think that would work?" She twirled the end of her blond braid. "I've never been very pretty…" He could tell that part of her fears was real. She'd always been cheerful about being passed over by boys growing up, but it had to hurt. "Hey," he said. "You're pretty, even in these drab clothes. And," he shrugged, "he's been locked underground with most of the other girls here his whole life. They're probably all like sisters to him. You're interesting. Different." A smile spread across her face, bright and true like sunlight. "You really think so?" "Yeah, I do." He thought back. "Do you have any of your ribbons?" She used to try to brighten herself up sometimes with ribbons in her hair. But she always acted so beaten down and ashamed about her looks the boys didn't notice. "You remember that," she said and gave his arm a warm squeeze. "I have a green one in my dresser," she said. "Braid it through your hair," he said. "And go talk to him." She stood up and kissed his cheek. "I'll do that." As she headed for the door she tossed back, "I'll let you know how it goes next week!" He felt actual joy and anticipation at the thought. She'd probably planned on talking to the boy anyway, but she'd decided to share the sweet little love story with him. Something nice to think about. Something kind. He looked around the bare white room and felt the illusion of innocence fade. Felt tears creeping up in his eyes and blinked them back. He'd never thought it was right to be ashamed of your emotions, but crying all the time was too much even for him. She'd come back next week. It would be all right. And if that boy wasn't nice to her Peeta was going to get out of here and have a word with him. xXx All the videos and talk therapy was like digging his fingers into an open wound. It was supposed to help, but that was hard to remember given how much it hurt. Sometimes he flipped out. Or blanked out. Or had to run to the bathroom to throw up. After he'd done that several times they started giving him a strong anti-nausea medication before his meals. It made it so he physically couldn't throw up, even if he wanted to. They didn't hold with wasting food, these District 13 folk. It reminded him of his mother cuffing him on the back of the head if he didn't finish supper. It was a warm memory, the open handed blow not intended to hurt really. Not like the rolling pin or her closed fist. And then he was remembering how she and Da and Rye and Bax had all burned to death and it was his fault… Screaming fit. Sedative. Add eggs and whisk. Add sugar and whisk again. Around and around. xXx Johanna spent five minutes with him on Wednesday. It meant as much as all the others combined. She was like a sibling to him now, reborn together in blood and screaming. It was either love her or hate her for having seen him so weak and he was beginning to know that, when he had a choice about it, he preferred love. Nobody so strong should be made to whimper like that. So, he loved Johanna. And didn't blame her for waiting so long to come. He knew what this place would look like to her. She sucked in a breath when she saw him in the white room, the straps on the bed, her nostrils flaring. Said "hey, lover boy" to him and paced around the room like a captive animal, not looking at him. "So, they," she said, her voice sharp, "put you in a place to fix you that looks just like the place the Capitol cracked you up!" She met eyes with the one-way mirror like she was staring down an enemy. "And there's no fucking color in here." She pointed a finger at him. "He's a painter . He knows the names of colors I didn't even know existed." He remembered reciting them when things were bad, trying to hold himself together. She must have heard that. Her voice was bordering on a scream now. "Are you all fucking stupid ?" she asked the room, her arms wide. "I'm okay," he said. She looked over at him. "I can't do this," she said. With her shaved head and sunken eyes, he thought she looked the way he felt. "That's okay," he said. She marched over to him and gave him a bone-crushing hug, like he wasn't dangerous at all. Then she walked out. That evening a set of finger-paints arrived with a note. Splatter their precious white walls with it or whatever. - Johanna He asked for paper instead. The paint was cool and comforting against his fingertips. He mixed colors and made a dark green forest in her honor. xXx At least he was unbound most of the time now. Things like feeling sick or going to the bathroom or washing up were less horrible with a shred of privacy. He was truly grateful for that. xXx Prim came on Thursday. She brought a deck of cards and kicked his ass at Go Fish. She'd wanted to be all grown up and play something else, but he wanted to be silly. So, Go Fish it was. And she totally kicked his ass. "You're a card sharp," he muttered as he