A/N: This story is dedicated to the memory of Megan, the friend I lost to cancer at age fourteen. I went last night and visited the profile of CyraBear and was happy to see her stories are still bringing joy to readers. I paused for a moment to re-read her moving Tumblr message in which she said goodbye to the fandom, and hoped she got her wish to be reborn as a muse. From there, I went on to visit the Facebook page of Katalina Roseph, and found people still stop by regularly to share tributes and memories. Two fandom members lost to cancer, but not forgotten. Just as my friend Megan lives in my memory. She would have been in her late thirties now, but she'll always be fourteen, still dreaming of her first kiss, a poster of the New Kids on the Block on her wall and a Janet Jackson cassette tape in her Walkman. When she was too sick for visitors, we used to sing "Opposites Attract" to each other over the phone. She had a crush on a boy named Jason. I don't think he ever knew. I wrote this story for the 2012 Fandom4LLS fundraiser. Since that time, we've lost some special friends, and someone near and dear to me has been diagnosed with cancer. When Megan died, I imagined that by this time, we'd have a cure. We've had amazing advancements, but too many people are still taken from us by this terrible disease. If you enjoy this story, and if you can, please donate to the cancer charity of your choice. And maybe light a candle in memory of the lights extinguished too soon. Chapter One ~.~ May 3, 1603 Edward, Duke of Cullen, was dying. He lay in his huge bed of estate in a room that was made dim by the tapestries hung over the windows, smoky from the incense burned to cover the sick-room smells, and stiflingly hot from the blaze in the large fireplace. The heavy air was laden with soft sobs, and the murmured prayers of the priests that stood at the foot of the bed. Around the Duke's bed, his family sat vigil. His daughters Elizabeth and Mary pressed their handkerchiefs to their lips to muffle their weeping, and his son, Ward, stared sightlessly at the flames. Ward would be the new duke when his father passed, but the knowledge brought him no joy. Ward's wife, Anne, stood behind him. She was a sweet, timid girl who had never felt entirely comfortable in her husband's blue-blooded family, but she, too, mourned the man whose life was passing. Beside Mary was her husband, Henry, a yeoman farmer. They had a little timbered house with a thatched roof on the edges of the duke's estate, and half a dozen children- all of whom, miraculously, had lived to adulthood. Born to wear velvet and cloth-of-gold, Mary donned simple wool gowns as she tended the farm, and her eyes shone with a happiness that sparkled brighter than any jewel she could have worn. Elizabeth sat alone; like her namesake, she had chosen not to marry and lived the quiet, intellectual life of a scholar, far away from the court where Lady Elizabeth, as the duke's eldest daughter, should have swept the halls in bejeweled gowns, whispering of intrigue in the shadows. But that hadn't been what the duke wanted for his children. All of them had been raised according to the duke and duchess's odd parenting practices, and it was thought by most of the neighboring nobility that it was due to sheer fortune alone the children had not turned out debauched. Perhaps the first indication something was amiss had been the duchess's dangerous decision not to bundle the babies she bore the duke, and then it was rumored the duke had dismissed his young son's tutor simply because the tutor struck the boy when he failed at a lesson. He who spareth the rod hateth his son, they repeated to the duke, but he merely smiled and said his children did not need stern discipline to prosper. But, then, look at how it had turned out: all of his children deciding their own marriages, marrying for love , the silliest reason of all to form a union, or not at all in Lady Elizabeth's case. Mary had polluted her royal blood with that of a commoner, and Ward, the duke's heir, had married a simple gentlewoman. Privately, many of the great families vowed never to intermarry with the Cullens again. Bella, Duchess of Cullen, lay on the bed beside her dying husband, despite the looks the scandalized priest had given her. Her head was pillowed on his shoulder and she listened to the unsteady thump of his heart as constant tears oozed down her cheeks. She wasn't ready to lose him. She would never be ready. Even knowing it was part of the cycle she had chosen, she still wasn't ready. There should have been another family member in this room, Edward's closest friend: Elizabeth, Queen of England. But Bess herself had died last month and the grief had probably contributed to the decline of her cousin, who now lay in this bed, struggling to breathe. Bella had seen Edward pale when he read the first lines of Lord Burghley's letter, and he sank down into his chair, wordlessly holding it out for Bella. It was news that wasn't entirely unexpected, for Bess had not been doing well since Essex's execution two years earlier. He had been a favorite of hers. She'd been suffering spells of melancholy since, hadn't been eating or sleeping well, and spent hours sobbing in darkened rooms. It brought back terrible memories of the misery of her sister, Mary. But Bess wasn't just mourning for Essex. She was mourning for the relentless passage of time, for regrets and lost chances, for the bitterness of mortality. Essex had been her last flirtation, a young, handsome man more than forty years her junior. It allowed her to pretend, just for a while, she was still the vibrant princess who had come to the throne at the peak of her beauty, that the image of the ageless Gloriana she had so carefully cultivated was a reality. Essex's cruel comments about her appearance had wounded her deeply, forced her to accept the reality of age. She had made her choice to never marry and had contented herself with "courtly love," but part of her would always regret she'd never a husband, and a child of her own to rule after she was gone. So many losses in such a short time … Her beloved Cecil, Lord Burghley, her brilliant advisor and friend, gone for nearly five years now. Cecil's son, Robert, had been groomed from an early age to take over for his father, but it wasn't the same. Nothing ever would be. Her dear friend Blanche Perry, who had taken over as first lady of the bedchamber after Kat Ashley died, was now gone, too. With cruel inexorability, Death picked off her friends and family one by one. Familiar faces faded away, replaced by a new generation of courtiers, and Bess herself began to believe she was an unwanted artifact of a bygone era. The age of the Tudors was drawing to a close, and her court was impatient for the dawn of a new rule. Her letters to Edward took on a wistful tone and she, who had always been impatient with nostalgia, took comfort in it. Edward was one of the last people who shared her memories, who remembered those dark and dangerous days under her sister's rule. Edward had consistently refused a position on Bess's council or any other appointment at court, despite Bess's attempts to cajole, entice, or even bully him into it. She was not the only one who had wished Edward would take the position. He was the only person who would argue with her, or shout back at her when she flew into a temper. But Edward was done with court. He'd had more than enough of the intrigue and infighting during Mary's day. However, in every crisis of Bess's life, he was at her side. During the attempted invasion by the Spanish Armada, he had been her constant companion, his hand on his sword, ready to defend her with his life, if need be, and it had been Edward who had ordered her chamber door broken open by the guards when she locked herself inside, alone, after Robert Dudley's death. Bella closed her eyes as Edward gasped and struggled. He was still fighting, just as Elizabeth had fought. The Tudors did not surrender to Death's cold embrace easily. She smoothed back the thin, silver hair from Edward's forehead and murmured to him. As always, her voice soothed him, and he fell into a light doze. At the beginning of March, Bess complained of a sore throat, but refused to allow her doctors to examine her, though she worsened every day. When the letter from Burghley arrived, Edward and Bella went to Richmond, the Queen's favorite residence, the palace she had always referred to as her "warm box for my old age." Upon arrival, they had learned that Bess had dismissed her young ladies in waiting. She wanted only her old friends around her now. Bess felt Death's specter lurking in the nearby shadows and she refused to lie down for fear she would never rise again. Her servants begged her to rest but she ignored their pleas, standing stock-still in the center of her chamber for hours on end. Bella talked her into sitting in a chair occasionally, but she would soon rise again, as if even that small concession to mortality was too much for her to bear. Lord Burghley had come into her chamber when summoned by her anxious ladies. "Your majesty, you must lie down." Bess had given him her haughtiest look, the one which could still strike fear into the hearts of politicians and royalty alike: "The word must is not to be used to princes, little man. You know I must die, and that makes you so presumptuous." It was one of the last things she ever said, though, by the time she passed, no one remembered her last words. She had been silenced for days before the end finally came. Her ladies spread cushions on the floor around her, lest she collapse and injure herself, and eventually, Bess sank down to them. There she lay, silent, refusing any assistance, even to remove the gown she wore. Because she would not or could not speak, Bella and Edward spoke for her. They reminisced for the Queen, reciting every memory that they had of their time together. Some made Bess smile, while others brought tears to her eyes and she squeezed their hands in encouragement when they might have faltered for fear of upsetting her. Four days later, Edward scooped Bess up into his arms and carried the Queen to her bed; Bess no longer had the strength to protest. It was there that the Queen finally named her successor. She'd known from personal experience that being an heir to the throne was fraught with danger and temptations, and so had always refused to name someone to inherit her crown. She almost left it too late. She could no longer speak when Edward posed the question to her. It was treason to "imagine" the death of the monarch, even when that monarch was visibly dying by inches. Edward was the only one of the Queen's ministers brave enough to admit the truth and ask her. She tried to say a name, but was unable. "James?" Edward asked. He was son of her cousin, Mary, Queen of Scots, whom Elizabeth had executed years before. Though it wasn't openly discussed, he was the one everyone thought most likely to take the crown. He had the strongest claim, for his