AN: This story is part of the 2017 Quils & Parchment 'Something worth fighting for' competition and won 'Best Drama', Runner up 'Best execution of pompt', Runner up 'Best Dark'. The prompt was: "From now on, I don't care if my tea leaves spell 'Die, Ron, Die,' I'm chucking them in the bin where they belong." – Ron Weasley, The Order of the Phoenix (book) Loads of thanks to my beta RooOJoy Warnings: Dark!Hermione, Major character death, Violence, Dark rituals Disclaimer: Everything except the storyline belongs to J.K. Rowling. "From now on, I don't care if my tea leaves spell 'Die, Ron, Die,' I'm chucking them in the bin where they belong." He remembered himself saying that. If only he hadn't, because now, he was most definitely dead. He should have been worried when the next tea leaves reading did indeed say "Die, die, die", but it was Divination, nobody actually payed attention. It didn't work. Trelawney was a fraud. And now Death was mocking him with his words. It was all he could see, for it was pitch black, wherever he was. Did he even have a body? Some sort of shape? He wasn't really sure. But yeah, Death was most definitely mocking him, letting his own words shine in neon lights, right in front of him. Always right in front of him, he couldn't look away. Great. Wait, he was dead. That bitch! He looked down, wanting to see what was going on in the living world, and saw his own body lying limp next to that of Severus Snape. He remembered: He had his arms wrapped around Hermione, holding her back. " No, Hermione, no, you can't go in, you can't help him!" She struggled, for some reason trying to get to that git Severus Snape. He wondered what on earth possessed her. She went limp in his arms as Nagini struck out again and again, mortally wounding the greasy bat. " Good riddance!" he thought. The man had been foul and loathsome. They had been right all along, he was a Death Eater. He had killed Dumbledore, for Merlin's sake, why was Hermione so obsessed with him? Voldemort – he still shuddered when saying the name, there was no denying it – slithered out of the room, closely followed by his pet snake, hissing at it. They dashed inside as soon as he was gone. He stood to the side as he watched both Harry and Hermione put pressure on the horrible neck wound. It was hard to look at, torn flesh and oozing blood. Turning away, he almost missed the laboured "take ... them". Curious, he watched Harry catch Snape's tears in a vial. Why on earth was he doing that? Was he going to remember the git with some tears? Why would he want to do that in the first place? There were tears running down Hermione's face as Snape let out a last, laboured breath and slumped down, dead. Harry stood up, mumbling something about having to go to Dumbledore's office. Ron kneeled down next to Hermione, wrapping an arm around the girl he loved, trying to console her, even though he wondered why she was crying over the asshole. Once Harry was out of the room, her body stiffened. Slowly she turned towards him. He flinched at the cold, calculated and angry look on her face. " You," she said, her voice strange, "you held me back, I could have saved him and you held me back. You are the cause of his death." A chilling smile formed around her mouth. "And now you will be his source of life." Before he could comprehend what she was saying, a knife sliced his neck. He didn't even feel the pain. Suddenly, his air was cut off, he felt like he was drowning and suffocating all at once. Vaguely he wondered where the knife came from. There was a gurgling sound, was that him? He clawed at his neck as the pain suddenly flared to life. His hands came away covered in blood. There were spots in his vision, and he blinked rapidly to try and clear them. It was no use. Why was he suddenly feeling so cold? The spots grew bigger, obscuring his view. The world turned dark. The last thing he heard, before oblivion claimed him, was Hermione's cold voice: "Die, Ron, die" followed by a laugh that reminded him too much of Bellatrix. That laugh was his last, living memory. The next thing he knew, he was staring at those glowing letters, reflecting the words he had spoken in fifth year. How he knew so certain that he was dead, he had no idea. Looking back down, he watched Hermione pick up a cup she had set on the floor. It was filled with blood, his blood he suddenly realised. There were various things scattered around her: the bloodied knife that he presumed had slashed open his throat, a rock-like thing - what was it called again, jesar?, jesor?, besor?, right, a bezoar! - dittany and some plants he couldn't identify. She was mumbling while preparing for something, he didn't know what exactly. "Don't worry Severus, I'll get this sorted." Severus? Ron thought. Since when does she call him Severus? "I must hurry, there is not much time left. That idiot held me back." She smirked. "At least now he's serving a purpose instead of being dead weight. Only there for Harry's comfort." Dead weight? The girl he loved called him dead weight? Well, he didn't love her anymore! It's kind of hard to stay attached after someone kills you. He was no dead weight! He had ideas, he had destroyed the locket. He had carried his share of the burden! How dare she call him dead weight! Hermione pulled a shallow bowl from her beaded bag, and put it between her and Snape. Grabbing the knife, she cut some hair from Ron's head. Both the plants and his hair went into the bowl, and was set on fire. The coldness in her eyes grew determined as she once more took hold of the cup filled with his blood. Raising it up like an offering, she started talking in some foreign, guttural language. He gagged, and would have thrown up if that was a possibility for a dead man, when he saw her take a big mouthful of his blood and swallow it. She grinned afterwards, her teeth tinged red, a trail of blood seeping from the corner of her mouth. The sight was absolutely horrifying. She looked like a demon, one set free and on a killing spree. With horror, he saw her take the knife and slice her wrist. Blood dripped into the bowl, dousing the fire, as she started chanting in those same, guttural tones. The hairs on the back of his neck stood up. It felt like electricity, that weird Muggle thing his father couldn't stop talking about, running down his back. The neon lettering, that was still visible from the corner of his eye, started blurring, going in and out of focus. Suddenly it dawned on him: Was she reaching into the realm of the dead? He felt a tug in the area around his heart when she mixed the ashes and blood from the bowl with his blood in the cup. Looking down at his body, he noticed he had become see-through. There was a light at the centre of his chest, and it started flickering most disturbingly. Panicking, he turned his attention back to the witch he loved and now hated. What had she meant with 'you will be his life source'? Almost reverently, and still chanting, she held the greasy bat's head in one hand, put the bezoar in his mouth, and poured in the blood-mixture. Blinding, white-hot pain shot through him. Ron screamed soundlessly. The light in his chest shattered into pieces. He realized that the wound on Snape's neck was healing at the same speed the light in his chest was dimming, and his form was vanishing. The words "Die, Ron, die" once more branded themselves in his vision. Finally, he understood. He would die twice: Once his body, once his soul. xXxXxX A grunt escaped his lips, and Hermione let out a sigh of relief. "Severus! Severus!" she called out, holding his beloved face between her hands, being careful not to jostle him. Blinking against the light, he opened his eyes. "Damn it woman! You let me die!" "You let yourself be killed, you idiot!" she shot back, smiling. "But that's what contingency plans are for." Severus reached for his neck, softly mapping out the still tender skin. Hermione grabbed her Essence of Dittany, smacked his hand away, and started applying the potion. He let out a sigh of relief once the numbing and cooling effects of the potion kicked in. "Who did you kill?" he rasped. "The Weasel," she gestured dismissively at the ginger's dead body. "He held me back, I couldn't reach you. He got what he deserved." "Good riddance," Severus agreed with a nod, wincing at the movement. "Are you ok?" "I'll be fine, love, I just need some time." He smiled at his little witch. Who would have thought the Gryffindor Princess harboured such a dark soul? It matched his perfectly. Even more after she got tortured by Bellatrix. "Why did the Dark Lord kill you?" she asked. "Didn't you tell him about Draco disarming the old coot?" "Yes, I did." "Then why?" "The Dark Lord believes only a Killing Curse wins over the wand's loyalty. He thinks Draco isn't the true owner, but that I was. So he decided upon killing me." "Well, we always knew there was that risk." Hermione pouted. "I'm sorry you had to die." He caressed her cheek. "No worries, love, you brought me back, just like you promised." There was a moment of silence as she held his hand and leaned into his touch. "You should go, Hermione. Go tell Harry his best friend is dead. It will break him." A wicked grin appeared on her face. He chuckled. "You can't go looking like that! Your best friend just died too. Try crying a little?" She glared at him, eliciting another chuckle. She tried looking sad and heartbroken, but failed at it miserably. In the end, she grabbed her wand and spelled her face too look puffy and red. "Better?" she asked. "That's a trick question." She snorted and turned serious. "It's almost over." "Yes, love, yes it is. Almost. Now go, your absence will become suspicious." Hermione kissed him lightly on the lips. "I'll come and get you when Harry goes into the forest to confront our Lord." After staring into his eyes for another long moment, she got up and left the room. Severus closed his eyes. All he could do now was trust her, and gather some strength as he waited for her to return. xXxXxXx She returned to the castle at a mild jog. The spell-induced tears were streaking down her face, and she did her best to look stricken. When she ran through the castle hallways, she heard McGonagall call out for her. She ignored it, pretending to not have noticed. It almost made her smile again. McGonagall, advocate of the light, prim and proper; how fun it would be to teach her the joys of the dark side. She'll come around, eventually, but it would take some meticulous torture first. Oh, all the fun to look forward to! Arriving at the headmaster's office, she finds it empty. Dumbledore's Pensieve was standing on his desk, the slightly altered memories Severus had provided glowing within them. This time, she couldn't prevent the smile that tugged at her lips. Harry wasn't seeing any lies, no, they had made sure of that. Severus had altered the perception of the memories. Many forgot that, together with the images of the memory, you are also experiencing the emotions of