A/N: This story was part of the summer 2017 'Once Upon a Parchment' competition of the Quills and Parchment Facebook page. It got Runner up in 'Best Humor' and 'Best Drama'. Prompt: The Elves and the Shoemaker A poor shoemaker and his wife sell his last pair of shoes. They have just enough leather to make one more pair. After cutting it out, they go to bed, and elves in the night make the shoes, which the shoemaker can sell for much higher than usual. The money is used to pay their bills and purchase more leather. The same thing happens the second night. The third night, the shoemaker and his wife hide themselves to see what happens and see the elves. To thank them, they make little clothes for them. When the elves get the clothes, they are freed and run off and are never seen again. Suggested characters: Something with house-elves Suggested plot: Something very dark or something very funny A/N: Loads of thanks to MrBenzedrine for being my Beta. If you don't know her (unlikely, but still), go check her out! A/N: Warnings: Violence and death All things Harry Potter belong to J. K. Rowling Seleana's hopeful look squeezed Glaric's heart and killed him a little. Despondently, he shook his head, feeling like a failure. What kind of a man was he that he was incapable of taking care of his wife? He remembered how she looked when they were young: all curves, shiny hair and lovely smiles. Now she was too thin, hollow looking, and sombre. Saddened, he sat himself down at the table. There were only two chairs left of the six they had once owned. The others had been sold to buy food or burned in the winter in order to survive the bitter cold. The small home they lived in had become empty over the last year, almost devoid of furniture. He didn't utter a word as his wife served him a very watery soup with some old vegetables and rock-hard bread. She did a wonderful job creating something edible with what little they could afford. "I have one piece of leather left. Tomorrow I will turn it into the best shoes I've ever made, I promise," Glaric said to her. "Pray to the gods that I can find a buyer." xXxXxX Albus Dumbledore walked to the Hogwarts' kitchens. The students had left the castle the day before, and the lack of noise was both restful and disturbing, like walking into a haunted house during a monsoon. As he tickled the pear and walked inside he was immediately accosted by a couple of house elves, offering him tea, biscuits, and lemon drops. He smiled and accepted, sitting down at the sturdy table. Even the atmosphere in the normally ever-busy kitchen was subdued. The house elves gathered around him; they had been expecting his visit. "Congratulations on another year gone by," he said, saluting the elves with his cup of tea. They shuffled around. He told them the same thing every year, but still they were uncomfortable with his praise. The first time they had protested, saying it was only their job. He considered the shuffling of their feet an improvement. "This year," he continued, "Headmaster Dippet has informed me that there are no reparations or construction works needed around the castle, nor any extensive upkeep of the grounds." He could see the panic spreading through those gathered. Putting up a hand, he silently demanded their attention. He had expected their reaction and planned accordingly. "To me, that does not mean that there is no work," he said, "only that the work is not situated here at Hogwarts." His eyes twinkled at the elve's relieved sigh. "I suggest we do some good in the world, the magical and muggle alike. Look beyond the castle walls and help those in need. That will be your assignment this summer." He finished his tea and stood. "Well, you know how to find me when needed. Enjoy your summer and keep me updated." Popping another lemon drop in his mouth, he left the elves to their work. xXxXxXx "We must find someone to help." "Yes." "Yes, deputy Master demands it from us." "Kind Master deputy." "Finding us work when Master Dippet does not." "We, house elves, should not sit idle. We are good workers." "Good workers." The three elves (Tripsy, Bonnet, and Pipo) were roaming the commercial town of Yarm in search of someone in need. The usual summer cleaning of Hogwarts was finished, and now they were out to honour deputy Headmaster Dumbledore's request. The town was of mixed population. They glamoured themselves so that, to the Muggles, they looked like common people. The magicals, on the other hand, were giving them funny looks. "He seems needy," Pipo remarked, pointing at a man trudging across the town square with his head bowed down. "You think?" "Pipo thinks." "He thinks." They gave each other a conspiratorial look. "We think," they chimed together. Snapping his fingers, Bonnet put a tracer on the man, and the elves set out to follow him home. He led them to the labour district of the town. Smells of all kinds assaulted their sensitive noses, making them sneeze. They quickly scurried into a side alley as the gaunt looking man turned to look around before entering his home. "Home needs work," Tripsy commented. "Looks sad," Bonnet agreed. Pipo merely nodded his assent. "We could make it pretty," Tripsy suggested. They peered around the corner and looked through the window, watching the man and his wife eat at a table. "What are they saying?" Three pairs of ears twitched. I have one piece of leather left. Tomorrow, I will turn them into the best shoes I've ever make, I promise. The elves looked at each other, their big eyes growing even bigger. "Shoes…" "Shoes." "Shoes!" Bonnet nodded vigorously. "We make man's shoes when he sleeps, man can sell, and he can buy food." "Yes," Tripsy agreed, "man is in need." "We will help," Pipo added. "We are good elves." The trio grinned and blinked out of existence, back to the kitchens of Hogwarts to wait out the evening. xXxXxXx When the sun had set and the stars were twinkling in the sky, the elves returned to Yarm. They bounced around excitedly, happy to have a job to do after having to wait for what had seemed like ages. "We must be quiet," Tripsy said. "Would be bad to wake Muggle humans." "Silent as the night." "Floating like a ghost." Both Tripsy and Bonnet gave Pipo a strange look. "What?" the latter asked. "Ghosts don't make noise." "But we don't float," commented Bonnet. "True." "True." "True." That settled, they quietly opened the door to Glaric's workshop next to the house. Bonnet flicked his fingers, and floating lights appeared by the ceiling. The three elves looked around the workshop with wide eyes. Tripsy and Pipo turned to Bonnet. "How do we make shoe?" "Don't know. Bonnet has never made a shoe. Don't you know?" "No." "No." They looked at each other and back around the workshop. "We must try," Pipo said. "We must not fail deputy Master." The other two agreed vehemently. "Here's the leather." Tripsy called the others over to the last piece of leather in the workshop. "Now, how do we turn it into a shoe?" "Magic?" Pipo offered. "Of course!" Bonnet said, feeling rather stupid for not thinking about that before. He snapped his fingers. Nothing happened. Frowning, he snapped his fingers again and again until Tripsy stopped him. "Why it not working?" Bonnet asked, pouting at his failure. Tripsy shrugged and snapped his own fingers. Still nothing happened. They looked at Pipo, who gave a half-hearted snap as well without any result. "Maybe the leather doesn't respond to magic?" Tripsy commented. With a frown, Pipo snapped his fingers again, setting the leather on fire. Tripsy and Bonnet panicked, batting it, trying to put it out. They turned to Pipo. "What does Pipo think he is doing?" "Yes, why Pipo setting leather on fire?" "Restore it!" Pipo shrugged. "Now we know it responds to magic." He cast the elven equivalent of a Reparo. "See, good as new now." For a moment they stared at the restored leather. "It must not work because we do not know how to make shoes," Bonnet finally said. "Now what?" Pipo asked. "What is shoe made of?" Bonnet asked. "Leather," Pipo answered with a grin. Bonnet and Tripsy rolled their eyes. "We need a heel," Tripsy said, tapping his finger to his lips, "and a sole." "Yes, yes," Bonnet continued, "and sides, and a strong tip and heel." "And shoelaces," Pipo chimed in. Bonnet rubbed his hands together. "Let's get started!" xXxXxXx An hour later, the three elves stepped back and surveyed their work. "Does not look like shoes," Pipo stated. "No." "No." Their ears flopped down, their eyes sad. Bonnet let out a sigh. "We should try again." Without waiting for an answer, he performed a complicated series of hand movements, returning the failed shoes back to the original piece of leather. Meanwhile, Tripsy wandered around the room, looking at everything with big eyes. "Human has weird tools," he commented. He dipped his fingers in a jar, rubbing the viscous liquid between his fingers and thumb, intent on finding out what it was. "Aaah! Tipsy has fingers stuck! Tipsy has fingers stuck!" He jumped around frantically, trying to separate the fingers he had glued together. Sparks flew from his fingers as he wildly tried to use magic to undo the glue's effects. Pipo laughed loudly, holding his sides and nearly toppling to the ground, while Bonnet rushed over to Tripsy and tried to calm his friend. "Stop! Stop!" he shouted, to no avail. Eventually, he used something akin to Petrificus Totalus, subduing Tripsy and deftly removing the glue from his fingers. "Sorry," Tripsy said sheepishly once released from the body bind. He looked around the room and started putting out the small fires he had started in his panic. Shaking his head, and after firing a glare at the still laughing Pipo, Bonnet started examining the tools Tripsy had just pointed out. "We should try and use human tool to make human shoe," he said, pensive. The other two went to stand next to him. "How?" Tripsy asked. "This one looks like wooden foot without toes," Pipo stated, holding up a shoe trees. "Human has hammer and nails too," Tripsy spoke up, looking at Pipo. Pipo's eyes widened comically. "Human puts nails in shoes?" he asked in horror. "Probably to make holes," Bonnet commented, still looking pensive. "Bonnet have ideas - let's try to make good shoe." They agreed and recommenced, squabbling amongst themselves about how this and that should be used and made. Eventually, many tries later, right before dawn was upon them, the three elves proudly looked at an impeccable pair of shoes. "We did it!" Pipo exclaimed, excited. "This looks like good shoes!" "It does." "Yes." Pipo started dancing around the workshop happily. "We are shoemakers now!" The other two grinned at Pipo's antics until their ears twitched, catching a faint sound from the house. "Human is waking up," Tripsy noted. "Yes," Bonnet agreed, "we must not be seen." "No." Together they grabbed the still dancing Pipo and disappeared to Hogwarts. xXxXxXx Glaric woke up just before sunrise. His mind and body were weary, feeling the effects of malnourishment, but he grit his teeth and gathered his determination. Kissing his still sleeping wife gently on the cheek, he got out of bed. I promise you, Seleana, he thought to himself, I will make the best pair of shoes I've ever made and I will get food and riches back into this household. I promise I'll take care of you. I promise. After having splashed some water in his face, he pulled on his clothes and made his way down to the workshop. He swore violently