Written for Isabelle (littlefuhrman on FF net) x Twelve No one remembered Clove's twelfth Birthday. It's the first one that she actually has any kind of clear recollection of. Mostly because no one remembered it but for other reasons as well. She had just transferred to a new orphanage earlier that year so didn't know anyone too well but for some reason she'd been expecting them to already know. Clove had woken up, as early as you'd expect an over-excited twelve year old to on their Birthday, secretly wondering if anyone had organised a surprise party for her or made a cake or even blown up some balloons overnight. Of course not. Her room was still completely dark minus the slight tinge of yellowy morning light streaming through the open window, not a person in sight or anything that hadn't been there the night before. She tried to swallow the lump of bitter disappointment in her throat, knowing how stupid it was to have gotten her hopes up the first place. "Who would care about me?" she muttered to herself, as she got dressed despite the ungodly hour. "I'm just the girl with no parents, no friends and no one. Stupid for thinking otherwise." She wished most days that she had some kind of family that she could talk to instead of just other depressed kids and patronising staff at the orphanage but on her Birthday it was always especially bad. Clove had never been an especially lonely person – after living her whole life being labelled a freak because of her naturally private and snappy nature, she'd pretty much grown used to it – but she couldn't shake the unwanted feeling that was churning through her stomach morning of her Birthday. She ignored the few people who said hi to her while she was getting her breakfast or passing her in the hallways that day. She felt betrayed by even those who she barely knew for forgetting her on the one day in the year that was supposed to be special. Even the stupid staff. Surely they must have had her details in some kind of database or something? Did they not care about her that much that they didn't even have her date of birth recorded? Or did they know and just choose to ignore it? Either way, no one said anything and it made her much more irate than she knew it should have. By the time it got to mid-afternoon people were beginning to grow tired of her bad-temperedness – even more so than usual – so she decided to leave the building, ignoring the rules of asking permission first. It was a hot day out in District 2, the sun beating down on the large town square and making the masons jobs even harder than usual. The air was thick and humid; every breath took more effort than usual. It was usually warm on her Birthday as it fell on the first day in July, but this year it was especially sweltering. Before long, she'd grown so worn out by the overhead sunshine and her palms were sweating so she made her way over to a small patch of land just behind the large training centre where she would be attending next year with any luck. She couldn't wait to start training for the Hunger Games. Everyone said she was going to be epic when her time came – it was the only occasion that anyone ever acknowledged her, really, when she showed how well she could fight naturally. Clove made it to the desolate area, finding a large oak tree and collapsing down on to the inviting shade that it provided. Once she was away from the blistering heat from the sun, she was able to think straight again. She leaned back against the thick tree trunk behind her, her eyes suddenly stinging. She wished she wasn't so vulnerable and sensitive when it came to being forgotten – God knows she should be used to it by now – but it always managed to hit her harder than the last time. She closed her eyes and allowed herself to imagine what her days would be like if she actually possessed a normal life with family and friends. She would get presents on her Birthday instead of disappointment and ignorance; she would get a special Birthday meal complete with a round of singing and of course cake with twelve flickering candles. Clove barely even noticed the tears that had spilled out of her eyes, only registering them when she tasted the salty water on her lips. Sniffing, she sat up, scrubbing at her cheeks. "You're being pathetic," she reminded herself with a shake of her head. She knew that she needed to get a grip but sitting there with the warm breeze fluttering past her face made it easy to forget where she was and for her mind to wonder. Wonder what everything would be like in a different universe… "Um, are you okay?" a voice suddenly came out of seemingly nowhere, making her snap her head up so fast it spun. There was a boy just a few meters away, standing tentatively as if he was too scared to come any closer. She wiped at her face again to be sure that there was no trace of any tears left. She could not have this boy seeing her looking so idiotic, no matter who he was. If anyone found out that she'd spent her Birthday alone and in tears, she'd become a laughing stock overnight. "I'm fine," she insisted, clearing her throat. The boy smiled lopsidedly when she spoke for some unknown reason, taking another step forwards. "You don't seem it." She actually looked at him properly for the first time, confusion clouding her features. He had a mess of dirty blond hair, slightly bronze-from-the-sun coloured skin and a pair of inquisitive cerulean eyes that were so piercing it made her blink self-consciously. He was probably older by at least a year, she decided. She wondered how she had never seen this boy around before but didn't bother stopping to ask. "I'm sorry, but why do you care?" she barked, not bothering with politeness. Her bluntness was often mistaken for being rude but she never particularly worried about it. To her surprise, the boy smirked more at her response, inching further forward until he was standing directly above her. "Mind if I sit with you?" he asked, ignoring her question. She narrowed her eyes in annoyance, suddenly wishing she hadn't been so upset about her earlier loneliness. She was pretty sure she'd rather be lonely than sitting with this idiot. "Yes." He sat down anyway and she scowled, crossing her arms across her chest and shuffling away from him. "I'm Cato, by the way," the boy said pleasantly, choosing to disregard her obvious aversion to him. She wondered why he was so persistent. "And I'm leaving," she declared, beginning to get to her feet and maybe just head back to the orphanage. Before she could stand up, though, Cato grabbed on to her wrist and pulled her firmly back down. He wasn't too rough but she winced anyway, infuriated that he was able to overpower her so easily. Goddamn her small size. "What do want ?" she snapped. "I'm sorry," Cato immediately allowed, holding his hands up in defence and giving her some space. "I shouldn't have done that. It's just – you look upset." She continued to glare at him, emotionless. "And?" "And I wanted to cheer you up," he shrugged. She almost smiled at that. Seriously, this guy must have been insane or something. "I don't want pity from anyone, especially not strangers." "Okay, fine," he replied, nodding in agreement. "Absolutely no pity here. You could still tell me what's wrong though?" She turned away from him but still shot an occasional sideways glance in his direction, curiously. She couldn't figure out what this guy wanted from her. Was he being genuine? Or was he trying to aggravate her further? She could never tell. "Why do you want to know?" He shrugged. "Why don't you want to tell me?" She refrained from growling at his irritating answer. "Because it's none of your business!" Cato sighed at her unreasonableness. "Fine, if you won't tell me I'll just guess." "Why won't you leave me alone?" she groaned but he ignored her. "Did someone you know die?" Her eyes widened at that. "No!" "Okay. Um, did your pet die?" Her eyebrows rose without her meaning for them to. "No," she finally answered. "Are you dying?" " No ." Cato seemed pleased with that response. "So, whatever it is, it can't be that bad." She rolled her eyes at his logic, cursing herself for not seeing that conclusion. "Right." He grinned over at her. "Are you going to tell me yet?" Clove had to exhale heavily before speaking, too frustrated to deal with this boy at the moment. There were a few moments of silence while he waited for an answer and she debated whether or not to say anything. If she ran away now he would probably let her go and she might not even see him again. Something about him sort of made her reluctant to move, though, which she hated. "It's my Birthday," she finally told him, hating how pitiful it made her sound. Cato seemed taken aback, clearly not expecting such an outcome. "Um, and that's a bad thing because…?" She looked down, suddenly self-conscious. She wished she had just stayed at home. "Because no one knows it's my Birthday." He nodded slowly, starting to comprehend but still slightly perplexed. "Why don't you just tell them?" "They should already know!" she shot back, her voice rising in annoyance. God, it was like talking to the mentally handicapped. Was that not obvious? Cato didn't say anything for a little while, thinking over her words. It made her nervous for him to be so muted after all the jabbering he'd been doing. "You don't need other people to have a good Birthday, you know," he stated at last. Clove turned so that she was facing him properly, intrigued by what he was saying. "Don't be stupid. Birthdays are about spending time with other people – and getting presents and attention and cake." "Not necessarily. They're about being happy. You're supposed to enjoy the day." She swallowed, wondering if he might be right. "Well what if being alone is making me unhappy?" "You're not alone," Cato grinned which made Clove sigh exasperatedly. He was hardly her idea of ideal company. "And anyway, how do you expect to be happy if all you do is sit here crying about it?" She scowled at that comment, letting out a small huff of protest. "I wasn't crying." Cato immediately realised that he said something he shouldn't have and held his hands up innocently. "Okay, okay, you weren't crying. But you weren't making an effort to have a good day." "Seriously, why are you still talking?" Clove inquired, tiredly. He let out a low, throaty chuckle at that which made him sound older than he looked. "Maybe we should hang out more so I can cheer you up when you need it?" Clove had to fight to keep her mouth from hanging open as he said that. She wasn't exactly popular; it wasn't every day that she got offers like that. "Don't you have anything better to do than pester me all day?" "I might do," he answered mysteriously. "I think I'd rather spend time with you though." "You don't even know me," she pointed out. "Not yet ," he winked, getting to his feet suddenly. Clove looked up at him, squinting against the sun which, although bright, seemed to be much dimmer than before. She wondered how long she'd been sitting out here and whether she was going to get into trouble when she got home. "I'd better