My clato fanfiction, as promised. Hope you enjoy this first chapter. Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games or any characters (unfortunately). As hard as I tried, I couldn't help but grin uncontrollably at the situation that Cato and I were currently in. Our risky plan to win the Hunger Games and bring pride to our District was going all too smoothly. Even the major issue of there being only one winner and two of us, that Cato and I had repeatedly unable to find a solution to, had been miraculously solved as the gamemakers had changed the rules to allow to tributes from the same District to become victors. Now only Cato and I and the two idiots from twelve remained. It had all turned out pretty perfectly – there was no way we could fail now. Not against them. I personally had never doubted our immanent success but Cato hadn't always shared my confidence - until now, that is, when there was no denying it. He was smirking as much as me; I'm sure as able to taste the undoubted victory. The safe haven of the cornucopia that surrounded us only offered minimal protection in a literal sense but gave me a satisfied feeling of power and superiority that I was sure was radiating from my smug expression. Cato must have caught on to my pride, for making it as far as we had, and anticipation, for those final, winning kills, as he laughed lightly, tossing his sword from side to side. "What?" I purred grinning, knowing that he'd be feeling the exact same way. "Nothing," he chuckled, absently running his hand through his hair. He placed the sword down on the lush grass beside where we were both sitting in the centre of the open space, just daring someone to attack. "You really are insane, you know that?" I sighed, twisting a strand of my long, dark ponytail around my finger. "I know. But you can hardly talk." Cato just shrugged, smiling lazily. "So what's the plan?" I asked. Despite being perfectly capable, if not better suited, to devising a plan of action to end the District 12 leftovers myself, I allowed Cato to have his moment of glory. Cato gets his enjoyment, the tributes die, and it's a win-win. Cato seemed to sense that I was humouring him letting him take the lead even though I easily could have but didn't say anything about it. He wasn't the type to express himself through a gushing thank you; the recognition in his voice was enough to please me. Our relationship was simple – I preferred it that way. "Well," he began, smirking in that malicious, sexy way that generally inferred that someone was about to suffer. In other words, my favourite type of smile. "The sun's almost set. We may as well wait for tomorrow, then attack. Give them one last, pathetic day." I nodded as much to myself as him. It seemed like a good enough plan, although I didn't know why he insisted on waiting until tomorrow. I'd rather allow them as little time to make the first move as possible. It was all about the theatrics though; we had to please the audiences. I wasn't worried about their attack – of course we'd defeat them, almost painfully easily – more the fact that we'd look weak. True victors attack first, rather than waiting like cowards. The reason I chose not to voice my concerns was because they were so small that they practically didn't exist. If there was one thing that Cato and I were not, it was cowards. And anyone with a brain already knew that. So I didn't bother worrying about it all too much. "Just one condition," I growled. "Let me guess – you want the girl for yourself?" he laughed. I grinned, baring teeth. "You know it." "Well, what if I want her too? The boy will be too easy. I'm bored at the thought." "No way," I exclaimed, "that's my kill. Go get your own." "Why don't you come over here and make me?" he teased, probably joking. Before I could stop myself, I whipped a delicate yet deadly knife out of my jacket and leaped onto his broad frame, pressing the blade against his throat until a trickle of blood seeped out. He threw me off him immediately, violently enough so that I ended up on my back with him looming over me. We both wore fierce expressions of rage plastered on our faces but our eyes were sparkling with humour. Unlike the boring lives that 'normal' couples lead, Cato and I enjoyed the same kind of banter that few others seemed to. Finally he rolled off of me and we both returned to the identical sitting positions that we had been in before, albeit a little more out of breath. Cato raised a hand to his throat which was still dripping slightly with blood. I raised my eyebrows, amused, waiting for him to speak. It didn't take long. "Fine, you can have her," he groaned, giving in. "I'll just have to make Peeta's death extra long so I don't get too bored." I snorted. "You would have done that anyway." He just laughed, confirming my suspicions. After a while, I slowly closed my eyes and allowed my thoughts to drift to how like would be when we escaped this depressing arena. The look on everyone back home in District 2's faces, the pride shining down on us. But what I was really looking forward to was the fear . Everyone would fear us once we were victors, no one would dare look down upon me. Although, to be honest, extremely few did so already. And those who did generally ended up regretting it. Practically everyone my age or below was scared of me, even some who were older. Despite my size and gender, people in District 2 understood that I meant business and would never, ever back down from a fight, never mind lose one. That was what separated Cato and I from the other incompetent careers – we had earned peoples fear, demonstrated our courage back home. People like Glimmer and Marvel assumed that since they wee from District 1, everyone would bow down to them. I'll be they hadn't even killed anyone before he games. Weak. That's what they all were. And that's why they were all now dead. Glimmer, the stupid, stuck-up girl from 1 who'd had had her eye on Cato since the beginning, hadn't even been killed by another tribute, but by the gamemakers effectively, through the tracker jacker nest that they had planted in the arena. How embarrassing. Cato and I would never bring shame to our District like that. There was only one thing that would or could kill me in these pathetic games and that was Cato. Although, somehow I doubted that would happen. The false alliance that we had been forced to join with the other careers had been one of the worst parts about being in the games. The unbelievable level of patheticness that radiated off of every single one of them was enough to drive me insane. Well, more insane than I already was. "I can't wait to get out of here," I muttered. Back to the comfort of District 2 where the people feared me for the right reasons; because they knew me. Although the games had given me a lot of support and 'fans', I refused to accept the Capitol's fake adoration. They only did it because of who they'd seen me kill, not because of who I was. "Soon," was all Cato replied, smirking to himself. I couldn't smile back, scowling and tapping my foot repeatedly against the grass impatiently. How much longer would we have to endure this for? Not being able to leave this stupid arena that reeked of death and desperation. Cato snarled under his breath, silencing me with a stare. I glowered at him for a while before deciding to let it go. Our silent conversation mirrored many we'd been having of late, unable to express our true thoughts through speech due to the huge number of people watching. Another reason I wanted to leave this God-awful arena already – to have some alone time with Cato. Come on, a girl has needs. We hadn't been intimate in weeks. Our only time alone was now, once almost all the other tributes were dead, but still didn't allow for us to actually do anything. The cameras hidden everywhere made sure of that. Stop thinking about that, I ordered myself. The weakness in my thoughts was shameful. But that was my one weakness: Cato. It was definitely not the time to get distracted by such things at that moment, though – I had to remain completely focused until we'd won. It wasn't hard to switch off my personal thoughts and focus on the task at hand - I'd been training for this moment since I was seven years old, Cato the same. There was no way we could lose now. The artificial sun had now completely set, leaving us engulfed in darkness. I longed to go hunting but decided to bite my tongue and go along with Cato's plan, despite my concerns. What's the worst that could happen? ( Right ). The silence, which had been comforting and peaceful, suddenly seemed… off. Less… silent. I slowly raised myself into a crouch, cocking my head to the side, listening intently. "What-" "Shh!" I hissed at Cato. Couldn't he see I was doing something? Suddenly, there was an almighty crash and my vision was blurred with an array of movement. I ignored the shapes to my right, whatever they were, my eyes unable to look away from the horror in front of me. Three huge, boar-like monsters were charging towards us at full speed, gnashing their teeth in savage hunger. Work of the gamemakers, no doubt, for the big finale. After taking less than a second to process this, I leaped to feet, dragging Cato with me. He gave me a leg up to the roof of the cornucopia, where the beasts couldn't reach, then I yanked him up behind me. I heard Cato cussing about how he had left the sword on the ground. Panting and shaking at how fast it had all happened, I glanced over to where there had been movement earlier. I saw four other of the wild animals galloping towards the cornucopia from another direction. They seemed to be following… It was only then that I noticed the two other people that were hauling themselves on to the opposite end of the cornucopia roof. The gamemakers must have wanted us to all be pushed together. Well, well, well. I thought my midnight snack was due. "Cato, look," I grinned, nodding as the two idiots were collapsed in exhaustion, unaware of our presence. I wondered how long they'd been running for. How stupid are they? I wondered internally. Thinking that they could come to the cornucopia without us being here, waiting. This was our territory and they should have known that, I didn't care if they were chased here or not. Before I had time to scare them into noticing us with a mocking comment, they became acutely aware of our presence by themselves. Well, Katniss did and quickly alerted Peeta, much to my disappointment. Why did she bother him? Oh, yeah – they were in 'love'. District 12 wouldn't know love if It slapped her in the face. By this time, they had picked their pathetic selves up off the roof the cornucopia and Katniss was standing in a fighting stance with her bow and arrow ready to shoot, Peeta perched awkwardly behind her. I failed to smother my laughter at the idiocy of them, Cato doing the same. I looked over at him and when our eyes met I laughed even harder at how he had