A/N: I wrote this for a competition on tumblr (my url is clovelyodesta if you want to check out my blog :p) so figured I may as well upload it here. Enjoy! :) "My best spear is missing!" a male voice thundered throughout the vast hall of the training centre, echoing in every corner as well as through my head. I growled, turning my head in the direction of the sound. "Shut up, Venin!" I snapped back at one of the most annoying boys in the District who was standing with his arms flung in the air in ire. There was an empty space in the uniform rack of spears where I was guessing his would have been. Well, tough luck. If he wanted it, he should have taken better care of it. "Or what, Clove?" he demanded back, taking his eyes off of the spear rack and taking a step in my direction, eying me with pure hatred. The feeling was mutual. I may have been young, but he should have known better than to underestimate me. I just scoffed, turning my back to him for a second and tossing my knife from hand to hand. I spun around, raven ponytail flying over my shoulder, flinging the lethal knife that was clasped in my hand in the direction of his feet. It dug into the foam mat he was standing on, missing him by millimetres. Venin jumped backwards, flinching in shock. "Please go away," I called over my shoulder, feigning a polite tone. "And keep it down. Some of us are trying to train." I emphasised my point by grabbing another metal handled, small-scale knife and sending it plunging into the heart of the nearest dummy, bang on target of course. Venin was about to lob some pathetic come back at me when Brutus, our trainer, marched into the room. "I hope you're all doing what you should be!" he bellowed, silencing the room. I continued hitting targets with my knives, picking up my pace with each one. Unlike some of the people at the centre, I actually liked training. Much more than being at school or home, anyway. "Someone's taken my spear," Venin explained to Brutus angrily. He paused before nodding to me, "I bet it was her." Brutus shook his head with a sigh. I supposed that my regular quarrels with Venin may have become a little tiring to him. It wasn't me that caused any of them though. "I very much doubt that Clove took your spear. There have been a number of weapons going missing from the academy, actually. We're getting it looked into. Just use a different one for today." Venin glowered at him before storming off to grab another spear, muttering and grumbling the whole way. I just smirked at his retreating back, imagining sticking a knife between his shoulder blades. It would be so easy. When I turned my head I saw Brutus looking at me with an arched eyebrow as if he could read my thoughts. Not that I cared: I just carried on with my knife throwing losing myself in the feeling of utter power; I was easily the best in the room. The blades continued to sink into the stuffed dummies, thud thud thud. It was one of the best sounds I'd ever heard. Time passed quicker than I expected as usual. It wasn't long before I was one of the only people remaining and the sky outside had faded from blue to ebony black. I was always the last person in the building. "Time to go, Clove," Brutus called, poking his head around the door to the training room that I was in. "Lock up before you leave." I nodded as I heard him leave, waiting another five minutes before finally giving up and scurrying out of the training centre, yanking the door shut behind me. I got home not much later, to an empty house, no surprises. Tell me again, why did I even bother? I couldn't sleep. As usual. I needed to get out of the house; it was stuffy, quiet, too empty. I leapt out of bed, threw on the clothes I'd been wearing earlier that day and left without a second thought. It was much later than I should have been out. My parents were away; my father working a night shift, my mother in an all-night council meeting. No one would even notice I was gone. Not like they would have anyway. The faded denim sky glistened with diamond-like stars and the occasional swirl of candy-floss cloud. There was a strong breeze, enough to make me pick up my pace. The walk to the training centre took less than a minute; even in the dark. It was crazy how much more at home I was there than in my actual house, surrounded by family. I didn't need family. I didn't need anyone. I gingerly pulled back the heavy metal door around the back of the building, the one with a dodgy lock that Brutus had been forgetting to fix for four years now. If it meant easy access for me, I was all for it. I had been going to the training centre after school, at night, whenever I had free time for as far back as my memories extended. It wasn't exactly to improve (I was already one of the best in my District) but more just because I liked being there. It was one of the only places in the world that I could actually be myself, as horribly cliché as that sounded. I flicked on a couple of light switches and was momentarily blinded by the lit-up room. I had only been here 3 or 4 hours ago but the feeling of relief that swept over me suggested otherwise. I immediately jogged over to the knife-throwing section that I spent the majority of my time, gathering a few of my favourites. The first blade I picked up was tiny with a pearly handle – probably one of the most expensive in the whole training centre. Just as I was preparing to begin, a loud crack echoed from outside the room caused me to flinch. I froze in my tracks, spinning around. There was the distinct sound of footsteps filling the silence getting louder and louder, closer and closer. No one was allowed to be in the training centre after hours. Sure, I was there but I was an exception. I actually knew how to handle the weapons. Don't get me wrong, I wasn't scared, just… concerned. In that second, the door of the room I was in was flung backwards as someone entered. "Stay where you are!" I demanded. "I have weapons." The person completely ignored me, strolling in at complete ease. Once my eyes had adjusted to the bright light from the corridor, I could actually make out more of who it was who'd arrived. It was a broad boy, tall, well-built with messy blonde hair and pale blue eyes. He was smirking. I recognised the boy from training; his name was Cato as far as I was aware. Good with a sword, spears sometimes as well. Cocky as hell. "Ooh, scary," he mocked, voice dripping with sarcasm. I ignored him, placing my hands on my hips in annoyance. "Oh, just walk in why don't you." He chuckled. "Thanks, I think I will." I rolled my eyes without consciously meaning to. "What are you doing here?" Cato carried on walking until he was right in my face, grabbing the knife out of my hand and tossing it in the air. "What are you doing here, Clove?" he asked in response. How did he know who I was? "Like that's any of your business," I snapped, snatching the knife back. "Seriously, what-" I was suddenly being cut off as the same door that Cato had just walked through was thrown backwards, hitting the wall with a thundering bang. "Don't move!" someone yelled marching into the room, another person on their tail. Two men, dressed all in white was all I could make out. Make that two men with guns. Peacekeepers. "Get on the ground!" one of them shouted, aiming the gun at us. It didn't take much to scare me but I decided it would be in my best interests to follow the orders. Cato looked at me and our eyes met for a panicked second before he decided to do as they were asking as well. We both knelt on the floor and raised our hands. "Why are you two here?" "We weren't doing anything-" Cato started but they didn't let him finish. "Of course not," Peacekeeper number 1 hollered. "There have been a number of weapons going missing from these premises lately." "Well it wasn't us ," I huffed. "What's that in your hand?" he questioned Cato, who still had my knife held in his fist. There was a couple of beats of silence. "I was just – well it's a knife but – look, it's really not what it looks like-" "Of course it isn't," the second peacekeeper sighed, rolling his eyes. "You two are coming with us." "Um, I don't think so," I scoffed, starting to get to my feet. The peacekeeper aimed his gun right at me, no mercy in his eyes. "I said you're coming with us ." I gulped, remaining where I was as one of them came around and cuffed my wrists in thick, metal loops, guiding me to my feet and marching me out of the building. It was so humiliating. The same was done to Cato; he was lead along behind me. I was just thankful that it was so late at night; there was no one out and about at this time. No one to see us, thank God. It took hardly any time at all for us to get to the small District 2 prison. I'd only been once before. The door of the prison building was launched backwards as the peacekeepers prodded us in, looking around for a free spot to leave us. I winced as one of them ripped off my handcuffs and threw me into the only available cell, my cheek smacking into the cold, hard wall. Cato was shoved in a second later, though less violently than me. "You can't put him in the same cell as me!" I practically screeched. "In fact, you can't put me in a cell at all! I'm innocent ." "Save it," the peacekeeper snapped, closing the door with force and clicking the lock into place. "We'll talk in the morning." "I'm serious! You can't do this!" I screamed at his retreating back. The peacekeeper waved his hand in dismissal, walking out of the building without a backward glance. I turned to Cato in outrage, wondering why he wasn't joining me in my anger. He was smirking. Again. "Do you want to explain to me what's remotely funny about any of this?" "Hmm, let me think. How about your face right now?" he answered, smirk morphing into a full blown grin. I glowered at him, fuming. How could he be so blasé about all of this? "You know," he continued, stepping closer to me, "you're incredibly sexy when you're mad." I gaped at him, enjoying the audible slap of my hand connecting with his face. "Hey! What was that for?" he exclaimed, holding his already reddening cheek and pouting. I shook my head in disbelief. "You are such an asshole!" I spat. Cato shrugged. "Well… yeah." I growled, rolling my eyes and pounding on the railings. "Let me out!" I ordered the guards but when there was only silence in response, I guessed that they had all left. Damn. "I don't think they're listening," Cato commented from the bed in the corner of the cell. "Helpful," I snapped sarcastically, turning to face him. "Wait-" I backtracked to what I'd just seen; I'd been too angry to even notice earlier.