Myselfonly challenged me about a year ago to write a one-shot. The challenge: it had to be in first person from Sam's perspective, the characters had to have something in common, and it had to be 5,000 words. I have failed on the word front. This is my story of Sam and Legolas' meeting. For those of you expecting this story to be a new chapter of Tinder for the Flames, I'm working on it! I'm not going to post it before it's ready, you deserve better than that. The Apple Thieves I think this entire place is made of gold. Well, maybe not made of gold, but it just seems to … I don't know, sing. In the air, like. Maybe it's the light, or the time of year. 'Cept, it was all fog and mist and drizzle out there in the Wilds, and in here, it's just, well, golden . Kind of like sunset, but all the time. I can't understand it, but I don't think it's one of them things you need to understand. Mister Bilbo always said how lovely t'was, but I never imagined anything like this. The slabs under my feet aren't cold but a little warm, like they've been basking under a stronger sun all day, save I know mid-autumn doesn't touch stone in that way. There's something in this place, deep and constant like a heartbeat. My feet take me to a rail, penning me back from the falls below, and I lean into it, feeling the cool updraft from the plunging water on my face. I am getting damp, there's tiny droplets lacing over my skin, but I don't care. The scent of it is so clean, so pure, I can feel it numbing the memory of that awful place out there on the hill, Mister Frodo's pain… He's alright now, but I can't get that image of Him attacking Frodo out of my head; it's like a sharp itch I can't reach. The only consolation I can take is that Lord Elrond's fixed him up right. He's a serious chap, but there's kindness in his eyes and he did right by Mister Frodo, and that's all I can ask. Frodo has been ordered to stay in bed, and I've taken it on myself to see that those other two don't disturb him. Only thing is, with this place being made for bigger folk, I can't find them. I turn to look at the buildings behind me. They are open to face across the valley, and the elves I see walking through the adjoining corridors are very important-looking, with their smart robes and tidy hair and that. A lordly-looking gent strides along the corridor. He's tall, and there's something about him that makes him look real imposing, with 'specially fine clothes and a silver circlet placed on his dark hair. I've never seen anyone like that before, with so much authority and – He stops and looks straight at me. Piercing like; it's like he's trying to see through me. My heart's flipping in my chest, and I try smiling and wave, but he doesn't smile back. After a moment I lower my hand and my smile runs and hides. He blinks those searing eyes, and moves on his way, and I turn back to the river, ducking my shoulders in with the hope I might get smaller. I hear something behind me, the whisper of cloth. I turn on the sound like a dog with his tail pulled - and the lord and lady stop to look at me, like I'm a curiosity at a fair. I feel like a definite oddity now. His brow lifts in interest and she gives me a small smile. My ears burn and I bow. "Govannen mae." The words fall off my tongue, and I don't know if they're right or no. But she laughs and her smile grows and he offers me a quick bow, and they walk on. I'm lost, but I don't call after them. My sense of direction was never the best, but I don't think I'll trouble those folks with my being lost. I always wanted to see them, ever since I was a lad, but now that I'm here, and they're here, I feel like an intruder in their secret home. I don't fit in a place so wonderful as this, not really. They all smile at me – well, mostly - but there's an extra something in their eyes, and I can't look at them, not without wanting to look down or away. They are all so very marvellous and lordly, so beautiful and wonderfully dressed, and I am just a stunted and scruffy thing, I don't fit. Square peg, round hole as my gaffer always says. Just beyond a pretty little bridge to my left lies what looks to be an orchard, and I take myself there, feeling that it's best to get out of the way of these grand folk. I feel better settled under the eaves of these trees. Their shadows hide me nicely. My cheeks puff out and I let my back give up the rod I've been forcing it straight with, my shoulders slouching forward. There's no-one around, and I'm probably more lost than before, but I don't mind, not with the sweet smell of late apples and turning leaves and the peace of this place. I'd like an apple. These ones are fat and vivid green, drooping the branches with their weight. But the trees are typically elvish; that is to say, the lowest branches are about three feet above my head. I look around me: it's large, this orchard, wide and spacious so's the trees can breathe. Tall yellowing grass tickles at the bases of the well-established trees, pitted in spots by fallen fruits to make twisted vases. Probably after about fifty feet the trees stop, and I can see a strictly sculpted hedge acting as a divide between the orchard's graceful chaos and the neat order of the garden beyond. There's no-one else here, just me and the trees. How I'd love an apple… With hope I pick one of the fallen ones up, but it gives a little under my fingers with bruising, and I drop it back down again and huff in disappointment. It's such a tease, being surrounded by lovely hanging fruits, like great baubles… There's an apple, nice and low, with the afternoon sun wrapping its vivid green skin like a gold sweet paper, and I jump for it. My fingers stretch out so far I think I've made one arm longer than the other, but they still miss by a mile, and my feet hit the ground a little too hard and I curse. I try again, but I'm further off than I was last time, and I plonk myself down in misery against the tree's trunk- "Stealing apples, little thief?" I think I've left my skin behind. I'm on my feet and my heart's hammerin' with fright, and I'm spinning, looking for the owner of the voice … but there's no-one here with me. Just the same as before: me, and the trees. Did I imagine it? Another cast around, and still I can't see no-one. "Hullo?" There's a breeze talking with the top branches, but that's it: there's certainly no reply to my call. I shake my head. A proper fool, I am. "You're going crackpot, Samwise Gamgee," I chunter at myself, releasing my shoulders and shaking the fright-tingle from my hands. "Gaffer always said you was, and now you know you is." I stop and think on the sentence. "That's not right. 'Is'? 'Are is'? No … 'you were '-" "'Gaffer always said you were , and now you know you are ' … which is an odd turn of phrase however you choose to look at it." An elf drops from the very tree I was trying to get my apple from. The grass bows under his feet like there's no real weight on it, parting for him rather than bending to him, and I can do nothing save stare… He's a tall chap – which says nothing, they're all tall – but there's much that's different about him … like the fact that there's a bow and quiver over his shoulder, for one. There're no flowing and dressy robes like I've seen the fine ladies and gents wear, but his clothing is practical, with a dark jerkin and leggings, arm guards and boots. A guard, maybe? There's a fine layer of dust to him, like he's been on the road for days, making him even less like the others. He's all greens and browns – forest hues, like – and his hair's the sun bleached grass and his eyes the darker shades of a clear summer day coming to night. None of the others I've seen look anything like him, from their clothes to the colour of their hair, and my fascination's caught my surprise and flipped it on its back. "You choose to disrespect Lord Elladan by taking such apples?" Startled, I remember the trouble I'm in, and I feel shame burn so deep in my cheeks my mouth's gone hot, and he's staring at me, one brow arched. My head shakes fervently and I cast my eyes down. Again I wish I were small enough to disappear, like an orchard mouse. "Oh no! No, sir! I was just – um … I was just -" The elf guard waves me into silence with a slender hand and my tongue shrivels in my head. What have I gone and done? I'll be kicked out for sure … do they put apple thieves in gaol? My toes curl into the grass as I await my sentence. Banishment to the Wilds. Imprisonment, maybe. Forced service 'til the day I drop - "Were this my orchard, I would consider it an insult if you do not at least try and steal one of the good apples. It suggests to me that you think them not worth the effort." I blink. Did I hear him right? "Beggin' your pardon?" " That -" he says, gesturing with a careless and graceful flourish at my choice of fruits "- is a bad apple." A hand reaches up, and unlike me, he can pluck it from the branch without a shade of effort. It rotates before my eyes, and he's right: the side I'd not seen is all pocked where the wasps have got at it. "Now if you want a good apple," he says, turning his attention from me and to the heights of the boughs above our heads, "then you have to work for it." And he primes himself all fox-like and he's in the tree without so much as a scuff of his boots. The upper branches give a gentle wave as he climbs into their heights, and even though he's moving about up there, I can only just spot him, like he's a part of the tree almost. No wonder I didn't see him. I've never seen anyone move so quick or so silently through a tree before, and though the loftier branches twist and writhe for the sun, they don't trap him, like he's no bigger than a polecat. There's a shrill whistle, and my wonder turns sharply into alarm as it rains apples. I was always a good catch, and I snatch some of them from the air before they hit me on the head, but there's that many coming down and I've not enough hands, and I'm dodging them before they can split on my noggin. My arms shield my head and I wince, but nothing hits me, and when the dull thuds finally stop, I look up in time to see my new partner in crime drop from the heights of the tree, his own chosen fruit trapped in his teeth. As soon as he reaches the ground