Tinder for the Flames 'From this day to the ending of the world, [...] we in it shall be remember'd; We few, we happy few, we band of brothers; For he to-day that sheds his blood with me Shall be my brother; be he ne'er so vile, This day shall gentle his condition[.]' Shakespeare's Henry V , Act IV, Scene III -(())- Chapter One: Pride before the Fall Aragorn felt so utterly stretched. There was little peace in the temporary lull of travel he was permitting them all, even when he wandered on his own to catch a meal. His lonely trudge along the shingle to the scant growth of true land soon lost its already floundering gusto, and he found himself seated on a large boulder grown smooth with the chastising of the wind and fervent enthusiasm of the river in flood. He rubbed at his temples, absently wondering why life insisted on placing him in these positions. The Fellowship was in great trouble. Gandalf's authoritative presence was sorely missed, and the growing ripples of discord within the group were starting to tear it apart ... it was a bit like watching a bridge crumble under its own weight. Aragorn was the weakest point in the structure, the keystone that was meant to hold all others together ... except he was the wrong material for the purpose, dried mud rather than rock. He was trying, the Valar knew he was giving it his very best, but there was nothing he could do to quell the rising conflict within the group... The hobbits were fine. All their lives, they had known each other, and barely a bad word had ever passed between them. Indeed, the level of kinship between them was inspiring and, at times, touching. There was little they would not do for each other, a good and pure attitude to hold. Gimli, gruff as ever, seemed to have found his ground within the strange confines of the Fellowship: he had appointed himself the hobbit's minder, in a respect, guiding them in the ways of the Wilds and ensuring their education in such things was thorough and consistent. It was between himself, Legolas and Boromir that the trouble lay, but particularly with the Gondorian warrior and elven archer. Their stay in Lothlórien had done little for their relationship. Legolas had left the company of the Fellowship, wishing to spend some time with his southern kin. Aragorn understood the need the elf felt, having been raised by elves himself. Being with his own kind and in turn away from the Fellowship was as close to healing his grief over the loss of Gandalf as Legolas could get ... Aragorn had actually been able to pick out his best friend's voice amongst the many others singing a lament for the fallen wizard one night, a pure and keening song so heavily strung with sadness that Aragorn found himself stirred to tears for the first time since their loss. Boromir had found no rest in that fair place. The Lady of the Wood had unsettled him greatly with the depth of her knowledge of Gondor's failing stewardship, and he now perceived the elven magic that had touched him as something dark and controlling. There was never any love between Legolas and Boromir before, but now the levels of mistrust the man felt for his immortal travelling companion had reached a peak that the elf could neither ignore nor overcome, feeling it an unjustified and dark prejudice. Legolas receded from the group more and more frequently, not wanting the clashes of personality that nearly always occurred when man and elf shared a space. It did not aid matters that when he was there, his demeanour was more often than not cold and distant. Aragorn recognised his friend's behaviour for the self defence mechanism it was. Boromir perceived it was an aloof and haughty demonstration of elvish superiority, an unwillingness to mingle with those that Legolas – in Boromir's view – regarded contemptuously as below him. And then there was Aragorn's own relationship with Boromir... It had all been so much easier with Gandalf. He always knew what to say to defuse a situation: he could reprimand any member of the Fellowship, from the most youthful to the very oldest, a patient word here, a quick chastisement in Sindarin there, and all would listen and heed his words. Aragorn held no such power. The hobbits listened to him ... but they were afraid and completely reliant on those around them for support and protection. They had lived their lives in shelter and quiet, sleeping under the stars only when it pleased them. Being thrown into the wider world cast uncertainties on their futures that none of the four had ever needed to account for, and now they were discovering all too quickly that the lands beyond their Shire were marred with darkness and the wicked things of childhood stories really did stir in the shadows. Boromir, Legolas and Gimli were in no such need of protection. All of them had been hardened to the world's darkness long before. It was protecting them from each other that was proving the greatest difficulty. Elf and dwarf – to Aragorn's amazement – were now getting along fine. There was the odd sniping comment thrown between them, but there was a steady respect beginning to form, which was both encouraging and bizarre. Gimli was well aware that Legolas' father had confined his own father in his prison cells, but he seemed content now to allow that insult to pass. Aragorn wondered if it would be a different story if he ever found out that, actually, it had been a sentry group headed by Legolas that made the capture in the first place; he certainly never failed to notice the quiet mischievous glint in Legolas' eye whenever the event was mentioned. Legolas and Boromir did not fare nearly so well with each other. A challenging triangle had formed between the three: the friction caused by Boromir's distrust of Aragorn's leadership between the two men invariably resulted with the elf becoming involved, both through his loyalty to Aragorn and in defence of his own people. Out of respect for Aragorn, Legolas tended to back down when it was demanded of him, but Boromir did not have a decades-long friendship with Aragorn to hold dear, or with Legolas. Aragorn knew what the other man saw whenever he looked at him: an opposing force, a man landed with a title he was yet to be proven worthy of, harbouring a mistrust of his own kind and too keen a connection with the First Born. It offended him on the deepest level, and he could not see beyond that layer of hurt and disgust... He pulled at his face wearily with his hands, and rose from his awkward seat. Flexing his muscles, he set off on his lonely hunt once more. For the time being, he would concentrate on catching dinner; his troubles would all be staring back at him upon his return, after all. Silence dominated the camp space, punctuated only by the fervent snapping and hissing of the fire. There was only so much anyone of them could say about a river they had canoed down for the past few days, and it had already been said. These times of silence stretched between them more frequently of late, a jagged and pained period of time when the lack of activity showed them just how daunting their task truly was. For the hobbits, there had been something of a game to it, an adventure with the other free races of Middle-earth. The underlying seriousness of what they did had been deliberately veiled in a shroud of mirth and adventure by them. But the shock of Gandalf's death had shaken their reality: now the world was black and dangerous to them. This was no longer an adventure, but a lethal game of cat and mouse with forces bent on their destruction, and they felt that pressing danger just as acutely as they sensed the mounting strife between the four warriors. Frodo had taken himself a little way from the meagre camp fire, preferring the solace of his own company. Such needs were becoming more and more frequent for him. In truth, there was little he wanted more than to be alone with his thoughts, the weary yet persistent antics of his cousins and watchful worry of Sam grating on his nerves. It was colder here, out of the fire's glow, but oddly soothing. He liked the idea of the darkness shielding him from the demons that hunted for the Ring, and him in turn. That childhood assurance of if I can't see you, you can't see me was a thin comfort, but a comfort nonetheless. Aragorn was hunting somewhere in the surrounding wilderness. Whether he would return with any game was questionable. Frodo had seen neither hide nor hair of anything more substantial than a river rat for days ... but then, he was no hunter, and he figured if anyone would catch something worthwhile, it would be Aragorn. The majority of the remaining Fellowship idled about the fire, the three hobbits tired and subdued, Gimli chattering away to them as he ran a whetting stone over a small hunting knife. He did not know where Legolas was - a fact that didn't concern him: he rarely knew where Legolas was – and Boromir was searching for firewood with the assistance of a torch he had made. The blazing stick danced through the darkness like some kind of wraith, and Frodo could not help the shudder that took hold for a moment at the imagery. Boromir's presence frequently made his heart cold ... he caught the looks from the towering man, the thinly veiled lust and desire for the simple gold evil he held too close to his heart. He wanted to trust Boromir as he once had, but beyond Lothlórien, something had changed within the man, and Frodo felt there was no going back to what once was for him. As though in answer to his thoughts, the Gondorian's heavy boots sounded his coming, and Frodo knew, unerringly, that the man was heading for him, his suspicion confirmed when the orange bath of light fell over his huddled form, perched so stiffly on his rock. He looked up into Boromir's face. For the warrior's part, his demeanour was open and strong, the face Frodo had initially entrusted his life to. "Why so alone, little one?" A genial enough question, but Frodo's throat closed down on any words he might offer that would satisfy his taller travelling companion, and found himself saying nothing. Boromir did not seem to actually expect an answer, for he stalked away, dropping his load of gathered wood at the fire's edge before returning to the hobbit's side, heavily seating himself on the shingle and stretching his legs out, crossing his ankles. He was silent for a time, apparently enjoying Frodo's company, before: "I know how weary you are, Frodo." There was compassionate warmth in the warrior's timbre, a friend giving voice to his concerns of the wellbeing of the other. Frodo felt a snake of cold trepidation clench about his spine. "You should not be upholding this load on your own, Frodo," Boromir continued, ignoring the hobbit's uncomfortable silence. "It is neither fair, nor sensible, not when it wears at you as clearly as it does. It would be far wiser to share this burden." Frodo cast a fleeting glance to the rest of the Fellowship for aid. They were out of earshot, dozing and complacent, blissfully unaware of his plight. He felt compelled to say something, the need to defend both himself and the Ring rising in his throat like bile. "Lord Elrond granted the task of keeper to me only, Boromir. I must accept his wisdom." Boromir gave a snort, his contempt thinly veiled. "Wisdom! The