There she is again. Why do I keep seeing her? I shake my head and follow her down the path that I barely caught her walking on. As I disappear deeper and deeper into this direction, the world starts to recede around me. I can only see in front of me. I try to look to the side and see only darkness. I turn my head quickly. Same thing. I turn my head back and the darkness turns into a forest set ablaze. Panic and adrenaline courses through my veins as I look for an escape route. I won't die here. I look expectantly to my right and left. Both paths are lit up with unbelievably high and powerful waves of fire. All of sudden there's a shriek that sounds so familiar, too familiar, that I have to move in the direction it came from. Unfortunately it's coming from deeper into the fire. My resolve doesn't waver, I have to get to the owner of that shriek. I must. As I travel deeper and deeper, I start to feel the effects of the fire and smoke. My eyelids start to drop and my heart rate is speeding up and slowing down inconsistently. I clutch my chest trying to rip my lungs out of my body. They're as inflamed as this forest is. "Where are you!?" I call out to her, my voice dry and raspy. No response. I grit my teeth and continue forward. Each step feels like it shaves a few years off my life and I'm going to drop any second. I take one last step before I drop to my knees. Defeat. It tastes so bitter until I hear her voice. She says something, I think my name. As soon as the last decibel of noise escapes her lips, the entire forest is extinguished and the meadow we are now resting in looks almost pristine. My head is on her lap as she sits there looking over me, applying a damp towel to my forehead. My eyes fly open and all of a sudden I'm in my bed looking for the girl of my dreams in a cold sweat. My mother rushes to my room quickly. "Finn?" She calls my name gently. "Yeah, sorry mom I had another strange dream." I say wiping my face. She turns on my light and gets a towel from my washroom. After she hands it to me, she sits on the side of my bed, deep in her thoughts like usual. I can see her weighing options in her head, probably deciding whether or not to tell me something as I watch her mouth move to open and then stop suddenly. "Are you worried about the reaping? It's your last year you know." I shake my head. I haven't really been 'trained' for the games but considering that I was birthed from two prior victors, I picked up on some stuff. I mean my mother taught me how to hunt as soon as I took my first steps. She took me to the woods every morning for 13 years and passed on everything she knew. My mother was different here. The way she commanded grace and flew through the grassy earth, I could tell that my mother was truly the queen of these woods and I'm the heir she's passing it down to. Even as a child I felt an immense pride to share these woods with my mother. We still go out every once in a while to compete. I've gotten better and I've definitely gotten close but I've never managed to overcome her. How I admire her. I was lucky enough to inherit my father's stocky build although I'm a bit taller than he is now. Genetics aside, he also taught me how to paint. Actually he taught me more than how to paint, he taught me how capture a moment through gentle but utterly tactical strokes. He showed me how a fleeting moment like a shooting star can be captured on a canvas and appreciated forever. Both of my parents raised me in a way where I wasn't usually too worried about myself. "I'm not worried about the games." I sigh deeply. "You see, there's this girl-" I stutter as a picture of the girl rushes into my head. I spot my mother's face. She looks kind of surprised and slightly worried. She was unprepared for this. "Oh, would you like me to wake your father? He's much better with this kind of thing." My mother offers. You can see she's desperate to escape this topic. "No thanks. It's nothing like that. Well, at least I don't think it is." I'm stumbling over my words now. "There's just this girl that has been showing up in my dreams for a while now but I don't think I've never seen her in real life before." My mother considers this for a second. All of a sudden a playful smile crosses her face. I can't figure out why. "What's so funny?" I ask her, so obviously confused. She just smiles at me and says, "It obviously means you're going to meet her soon." I wake up again, this time I'm not sweating profusely and it's also morning. I get out of bed and stretch myself out, getting prepared for the day ahead of me. The reaping isn't for another few hours so I have some time to go out. I go to the washroom and make myself at least look presentable enough to go outside into the real world. My parents are kind of celebrities around these parts, my father is the mayor and my mother still carries her status as the most famous victor, so everyone knows who I am. I can't go out looking like I just woke up and embarrass them. After I groom myself, I head downstairs to leave. I'm minding my own business when all of a sudden I get side swiped by a beautifully delicious aroma wafting in from the kitchen. My mother is frying some eggs, potatoes and ham while I can smell the scent of freshly baked bread coming from the oven. I abandon my quest to the outside world to fill up on some of my mother's wonderful cooking to wake me up. "Smells delicious." I tell my mother, my mouth still drooling. "Grab a seat little duck," My mother says sweetly as she turns to grab me a plate. I take a seat at the table and grab my fork and knife ready to dig in. I look over expectantly at my mother who is walking to me with a big plate full of eggs, potatoes and ham. I can't help but inhale all the food in front of me until I can't breathe. I sit back and rest my hands on the back of my head, satisfied. As my mother takes my plate and sets it in the sink the doorbell rings. I'm so full that all my movements are slowed and I take a long time getting up. Suddenly the doorbell starts ringing repeatedly and I know who has to be at the door. Damn it, who does she think she is? I take my pleasant time walking knowing I'll annoy the person waiting for me, one of my very best friends in the world, Sasha Brooks. When I open the door I see she's standing in my doorway expectantly, probably waiting for an apology. Her nose is wrinkled in irritation and slightly reddened by the cold morning air. I just woke up so I'm slightly annoyed. "Why the fu- (My mom is right behind me!) -hell are you ringing my door bell like that!? (That was close!)I-I swear to god, you're going to break it." "Well why didn't you answer your door faster!? I waited exactly twenty-five seconds and you didn't show up!" "Well what if I wasn't here and all you were doing was disrupting my parents!?" "Well if you weren't here then you would've been with me, right? Who the hell else do you know?" She says wryly. I catch the glint in her eye. She's teasing me but she's also kind of right. Whenever I go out, I usually drop by her house and ask her to tag along anyway. She's fun to be around. "Yeah, whatever." I say back with a playful smile. My mother catches us in the doorway and comes to say hi. "Oh, hello Sasha, were you the one "spamming" our doorbell?" My mother asks her, smiling gently. Sasha blushes so clearly even I feel kind of embarrassed. "I'm sorry Mrs. Mellark, your son was just taking too long and I got impatient-" "Say no more." My mother cuts her off. "You do what you have to do to whip my son in to shape!" My mother adds. I just look at her in disbelief. She doesn't know it, but this has Sasha fired up beyond belief. "You got it ma'am!" Sasha says as she salutes my mother. She smiles at us and walks away. Sasha starts smiling back at me when all of sudden she brings her palm to her forehead like she just now remembered an essential piece of information. "Theo, Leslie and Sol are waiting for us in the meadow," she informs me. Those are my other three best friends. We all met in kindergarten when we were put in the same table group. Let's start with big ol' Theodore Lasus. He's a big ol' ox. That's what I call him because he's incredibly big and strong. We both box and wrestle in the district wide school competitions. He's always the star though. I've lost just a little bit more than he did and I never get to forget about it because he always reminds me of it. It's mainly because there was almost no one in his weight class, though. Either the opposing schools would have to back out or try their luck. Leslie is my second best friend and Theo's girlfriend. She's probably the smartest person I know. I don't even mean book smarts (Though she was on the honor roll,) but she has some kind of clairvoyance. She always has an answer like she can see everything. I remember this one time last year, when we were in eleventh grade. All five of us wandered deep into the forest, the first reaping of the "Updated Hunger Games" was the next day. Nobody said it but I think we wanted some kind of "escape". I didn't think they were willing to go all the way to meadow, it's quite a hike to get there, but we did eventually make it there. First whiff of that clear lake water and I felt refreshed. Still, nobody said anything until Sol slips out: "This is a pretty peacefully place to sleep. There's no noise but the water." Hmm. I had never thought about that before he said it. I just decide to sit down and relax. Theo and Leslie leave to do whatever couples do. Kiss or whatever. Sol sat next to me. Sasha went to go play in the water. That girl who has way too much energy. "Hey, Finn..." Sol's tone got real serious. That's worrying. You see, Sol is an odd guy but probably my closest friend of all. He has a strange lack of self-worth but somehow this gives him an incredible amount of selflessness. He always does what he can for others. If he can help you in any possible way, he will. But at the same time, he will almost never ask anyone else for help. With, ANYTHING. He once broke his right arm while helping an elderly man fix his roof and ended up fixing his arm himself. I swear! I was there the whole time saying he should go see a doctor but he just kept it to himself and moved on. He was on the school fencing team and