Bella's Protector Bella/Rosalie Disclaimer: I do not own anything Twilight (though I wish I did). Summary: What if Alice and Jasper were not the ones to take Bella somewhere safe? What if Rosalie was given the task? Authors Note: Like my previous one shot series "Sweet Strawberries", i'll be posting separate "stories" relating to one particular storyline. There will be only 4 (one story pertaining to each book). These stories are solely Bella/Rosalie oriented. They will all be in Rosalie's pov. Technically, each story will have either one or three chapters (if more then I will mention the end of chapter one and beginning of the next chapter, so it'll basically be a very long one shot). Enjoy. Authors Note 2: my stories are not beta'd, though I do my best to thoroughly check over all my stories before posting. "Rosalie, you need to take Bella somewhere safe," Edward said. "Fuck you Edward," I thought menacingly to my 'brother'. "Please?" he practically begged, "you're the second fastest and strongest one here. She needs to be kept safe until we can deal with James." "Oh fine," I agreed, rolling my eyes, "but this means you have to stay out of my head for two months." "Deal," Edward said, giving me the crooked smile Bella was so fond of. How annoying. "If we're doing this then we need to tell her father something, then leave as quick as we can," I said, going to my room to grab a few changes of clothes. "Tell Charlie that you and I are taking her shopping in Seattle," I heard Alice say from the doorway. I grunted in response, throwing my clothes into a suitcase. After I closed it, I fixed Alice with my best glare and said, "Do not take too long in dealing with this fool." "Make sure to feed, Rose," Alice said, hugging me. "I will," I replied, hugging her back tightly. Letting go, I walked out, down the stairs, stopping in front of Bella. 'Clearing' my throat, she looked at me. "We're going to tell your father that you, Alice and I are going to Seattle for shopping and vacation for spring break. "Where are we really headed?" Bella asked looking at me with her doe eyes. "East coast. Maine most likely. A vacation home of ours is there," I replied. "Now let's get a move on, need to leave soon." I watched her go hug Edward and something in me twitched but I ignored it. Turning to the key rack, I grabbed the keys to Carlisle's Mercedes and walked outside. Popping the trunk and softly tossing my suitcase inside, closing it, I began to impatiently adjust my already neat clothing. After five minutes, I got fed up and stormed back inside to see that Edward was still clinging to Bella, the fear of letting her go etched onto his face. Refraining from closing my eyes, I walked over and quickly but carefully extracted Bella from Edward, placing her like a potato sack over my shoulder. The girl in question gave a small squeak at the movement while Edward growled. "Don't you growl at me Eddie, we need to get a move on," I softly growled back. Seeming to calm down a bit, he looked apologetically at me. "You're right. Bella needs to be far enough away, the rest of us should split up. Esme and Carlisle, Charlie needs protection. Alice, you should wear Bella's coat, we're going to make a fake trail. The rest of you patrol the area, see if you can pick up their scent," Edward spoke so fast, I doubt Bella even heard. "Now that's sorted, we're leaving. Call me when you deem it to be necessary," I said as I was walking out the door, hands on Bella's thighs, making sure she didn't fall off on the way to the car. That would be so Bella. Opening the car door, I gently placed her inside and raced to my side. Once settled, I revved the car, putting it into gear and drove down the driveway at mach speed, Bella desperately clutching her door and the dash. I grinned at that and sped up even faster. We were at Bella's in five minutes. Getting out, I waited for Bella by her front door. Felt like wind when she hit my arm. I raised my left brow at her when she began cradling her right hand. "Vampire," I said in a monotone voice. "Human!" she whisper yelled at me, "you were driving way too fast Rosalie!" "Calm down, no need to be so feisty," I answered, grinning. Bella rolled her eyes and went into her house, me following behind. Upon entering, we found Charlie watching the game, feet up, beer can in his hand. "Hey Ch...dad?" Bella stuttered out. "Yeah Bells?" her father replied without turning from the television. "Alice, Rosalie and I are doing a spring break shopping trip in Seattle. It's okay I go right?" Bella asked nervously. That made his head turn. "You must be Rosalie," he said. "Yes sir," I politely answered. "So Seattle eh?" he continued, looking at Bella. "It's okay right?" she replied, nibbling her bottom lip slightly. "As long as you three stay together and call if there is any sort of problem. Alright?" he said, a stern look on his face. "It'll be for entire spring break. We'll be back next Sunday afternoon in time for school on Monday," I chipped in, putting on my best dazzling look and tilting my head a bit. Naturally, it worked. "Yeah, yeah, that's...fine. Just call me at some point, 'kay kiddo?" "Of course dad," Bella answered before dashing for the stairs. I followed. She only tripped once, a miracle really. Quickly, Bella emptied her school bag, stuffing some clothes a few books into it. Scanning her room one last time, she looked to me and nodded. Not saying anything, I turned and left her room, Bella not two seconds behind me. "We're leaving dad," Bella said once we reached the living room again. "Okay. Oh hey, where's Alice?" Charlie asked. "She's at the mini mart sir. Getting road food and drinks," I swiftly said. "Alright. Have fun and don't forget to call," he replied. "Okay dad," "yes sir" we answered together. Walking out, I reached for Bella's bag. After she let go, I placed it in the trunk. Once we were both seated, I turned to Bella, my grin plastered to my lips. "Let's see how fast we can get to Maine eh?" "Rosalie, don't you da..."Bella began. We went from zero to eighty before she could finish. I chuckled as she paled slightly. Oh this protection detail could be fun, I mused. End Chapter One Chapter Two begins Pulling up to the house, I looked to Bella, who was still sleeping. The human had fallen asleep halfway through the trip, waking for food and whatnot. Only took me about 30 hours to get here.(AN: according to research, it's 49 hours from Forks, WA to Portland, ME, but because Rose is a vampire who doesn't follow road laws, I cut out some of the time). Man I love to drive fast. Stepping out, I walked to Bella's side, scooping her out. Bringing her in, I gently placed her on the couch then walked out to get our luggage. Setting our luggage upstairs, I came back downstairs to find Bella sitting up, looking around. "I didn't want to wake you. You looked really tired," I explained as I sat in the chair across from her. "Thoughtful of you," Bella replied, yawning in the process. "I have my moments," I answered. "Are you hungry?" "A little bit," came the reply. Nodding, I dashed into the kitchen, getting the fixings for making a sandwich that I'd bought, just before getting to the house. I had it made in no time. Handing it to her with a glass of milk, she smiled gratefully. I gave a small nod and smile in return. "I'll be back in a moment," I said, hearing her mumble, "'kay" around her food. Going back to the kitchen, I walked to the constantly cool storage room, grabbing a few bags of blood. After heating them, I drank the first straight from the bag, walking back to the sitting room. I noticed Bella stopped eating, opting to watch me feed. Unlike Edward, it didn't bother me to drink in front of others. Being as thirsty as I was, I couldn't stop myself from purring happily and probably a bit erotically. Like I said, too thirsty to care. Though the change in pace of Bella's heart intrigued me. I finished the second bag faster than the first. "Are you alright Bella?" I asked, tilting my head. Her heart sped up faster at that. Interesting. I didn't know Isabella was affected by me. "I'm f-fine. Just never seen you guys feed before is all. Edward says you tend to turn savage when doing so," she said, fiddling with her hands. Rolling my eyes, I said, "Of course he did. Well unlike my brother, I have excellent control. Edward didn't want this existence so he has never had full control. Granted I never wanted it either but I make the best of it. Also, I refuse to harm innocents. You however seemed VERY interested in my feeding." "I've always wanted to see it done but Edward said no," she replied. "My brother needs to lighten up," I said while flipping my hair back casually. And there went Isabella's heart rate again. When I turned to her, she blushed and continued eating. Rolling my eyes, I sat on the couch with her, turning the television on to watch the story of how the Ford Car Company was started. I could sense Bella watching me every now and then, eventually turning back to the television. A few hours later of her doing it, I finally asked, "something interesting Isabella?" Blushing and looking down, she answered, "it's just...well...you're beautiful. I...I've never been so close to you before." Smirking, I couldn't help myself and said, "well are you enjoying the view?" Bella blushed harder and turned back to the television. I chuckled softly, picking up the remote and putting on Top Gear, the U.K version. Eventually, Bella stood up, stretching as she did so. Out of curiosity, I let my eyes roam what flesh I could see of her stomach. It was flat but not in an unhealthy way. I could just make out the top of her hip bones. From what I could tell, she was slightly curvy. For a human, I suppose she wasn't bad looking. I could see the appeal. Bella certainly smelled good, but not in a "I want to eat you" way. "I need a human moment," Bella said. "I'll show you to the bathroom," I answered, standing up and moving to the stairs, she followed right behind. Once upstairs, I pointed to the second door on the right and said, "there. Anything you might need is already there." "Thank you," she softly said, going inside. I didn't answer as she shut the door. Walking to the window at the end of the hallway, I looked around outside. It was dark out but I could still see perfectly. Being a vampire had its perks. Not sensing any danger, I turned back, Bella coming out at the same time. "The door across from the bathroom is where you'll sleep," I said to Bella softly so as not to scare her. "You can look in it if you'd like." Smiling a bit, Bella walked into the room. Following behind, I caught the look of surprise as she looked around the room. "Wow. This is...really something," Bella said, awe in her voice. "Thank you. This is my room. Decorated it myself," I replied. That statement made Bella turn to me. "This is your room?" "Well, it is my vacation house, so of course this is my room," I said,