Title: All That Glitters Summary: As a nurse, Bella's seen it all, or has she? When the clinic where she works needs an expansion, the guy hired isn't what she expects. Sometimes all that glitters, is all it takes. Romance/Humor Author: CullensTwiMistress Rating: MA Beta: Midnight Cougar Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong to Stephenie Meyer, but the plot is mine. . . . "I can't believe they're making all that racket already," I mutter, looking through the pile of paperwork in front of me. "Hey now, the Docs warned us in the monthly meeting last Thursday. It'll be three weeks of hell, but then we'll have a nice, new bathroom and two completely new exam rooms," Jessica says, handing me the chart I've been looking for. I look up and sigh. "I know. It's just so...noisy. God, nobody said anything about having to speak louder. I mean, I had to yell at Mr. Watkins to take off his clothes earlier and I think he actually enjoyed it." Jessica giggles and leans in. "That old bastard is a handsy one." She gives me a pointed look, and I shiver in what can only be disgust. "Do I want to know?" I ask, because my curiosity goes way beyond being grossed out. Pretty sure I've seen it all in my eleven years working in this clinic. "Let's just say he thinks I look like his ex-wife." She closes her eyes and then shakes her head. "To put it mildly, he was still...very...attracted to her even after the divorce." A laugh bubbles from my belly and I put my hand over my mouth to stifle it. It's noisy as hell in here, but I would hate for one of our patients to overhear our conversation. "Are you serious?" Jessica looks around covertly, then whispers, "He's hung like a horse." Tears roll down my face and my giggle turns into a guffaw. I'm tired and with the combination of the noise pollution and my bad mood, this is exactly the kind of platitude I need to brighten my morning. "Thanks for that, girly," I tell Jessica as she rushes off to her next patient, while I look through that chart to locate Mrs. Armstrong's test results. She'll be here in a few minutes and I need to make sure her chart has the final results from her last blood tests for Dr. Cullen. Some days, it's as if I'm more of a secretary than a nurse, but then I love it here and wouldn't trade it for the world—noise pollution be damned. . . . "They said it was temporary," I state through gritted teeth, my head aching from this third day of bang, bang, banging away. Each patient asks the same question and, at this point, I'm tempted to have Jessica make up a pamphlet we can just hand out to everyone when they ask what's going on. "Have you gotten a look at the boys working back there?" My patient, Mrs. Cope, asks with a sly wink. I shake my head. "I've been a little preoccupied." I take her arm and start counting her heartbeat, watching the blood-pressure monitor carefully. "You're missing out, young thing like yourself." She laughs, while I try to remember what it is I'm doing. I jot down my results and look back up at her. "I'm not that young anymore," I inform her with a wink of my own. "The doctor should be in shortly." She's still laughing as I walk away to see my next patient. . . . "My, my, my." Jessica waltzes in the employee lounge first thing in the morning, fanning herself and sporting a big, goofy grin. "We've got some handsome man-candy working on these premises, ladies." It's now day five and although I can hear them, I have yet to see any of this supposed hard "man-candy" at work action the girls have been gossiping about. "Honey, did you see the blonde one?" Dr. Brandon asks, taking a bite out of an apple. She chews carefully and smiles. "His curls looked so soft and dreamy." "Christ," I mumble, unable to keep the comment to myself. "Bella, honey, you've got to go back there and take a peek. It won't kill you, I swear," Dr. Brandon adds. "Oh, it could definitely kill her ovaries by explosion." Jessica giggles and opens the door to go back to the front desk. "At least you're surrounded by medical professionals." Dr. Brandon winks at me and follows Jessica out the door. A whirling, drilling noise starts up and all I can hear is those two squawking and giggling away down the hall while I struggle with my inner twelve-year-old to do what's right. Do I want to see good-looking men? Of course. Would I sink that low, though? Not usually, but five days of their running commentary on how attractive this handsome twosome are, has gotten me very curious. According to them, apart from the blond one, there is a tall, gorgeous red-head with a beard who often takes off his shirt in the afternoon when the sun is blazing hot. I wonder if I could go out there and offer him sunscreen as a smokescreen to my ogling? I lean against the wall and take a deep breath. I've gone five days without being a pervert, and Lord knows it's taken a lot out of me. Today may just be the day I break. "Think of it as a favor to yourself. Like the gift that keeps on giving... You know, once you're alone at home with your vibrating friend," Jessica says, probably a little too loud, when I pass by her desk to pick up a file. "You're evil, you know that?" I give her a pointed look and go on to my next patient. . . . "Bella, I need you to do something for me," Dr. Cullen says, handing me an envelope. I quirk an eyebrow. "What's this?" He sighs. "This is part of the payment for the expansion. I promised the boys they'd get it once they were halfway done and I think they've got most of the outside framed up." "You think?" I don't know what to think. I haven't been back there to check the progress. All I know is that I've got an annoying headache and too many questions to answer. Oh, and some weird dreams involving muscles and sawdust, which I can't explain if only to blame Jessica and her ongoing jabbering about the hot, dirty construction workers. "What exactly am I to do with this?" "I have three patients waiting for me. Could you go back there and act like you're gonna break some balls for me?" His smirk has me rolling my eyes. I've worked for this man for a while. He knows breaking balls is my favorite pastime. "Why not. Should I use a mallet or just my fists of fury?" I take the envelope, cock my head, and give him a questioning look. As if he'll actually answer me. As expected, Dr. Cullen ignores my witty banter and adds, "Just look around, make sure things look good and solid. I know they're doing a great job, but I've got to be thorough." He then pats my arm, smiles and walks off down the hall. Rolling my eyes so hard I can almost see my brain, I grip the envelope in my hand and say a silent prayer. . . . My mouth is dry and I can't turn away from what I'm watching. My, oh my, oh my, Jessica wasn't wrong about the scene unfolding in front of me. To my utter surprise, it's a nice, sunny July morning in Forks, Washington. I'm used to the doom and gloom that is our weather, but by golly I'm not used to seeing so many abs and pecs on display all at once. The two guys, who I know as McHotty and McSexy, are both wearing low-slung blue jeans with their shirts nicely tucked into their back pockets. The blonde one is holding what looks like a two-by-four while the other, taller, bearded guy is stretching his long, lean frame in order to hammer some nails in it. I don't know what part of the building this is, but it's looking mighty good to me. I lick my lips and fan myself with the envelope in my hand, unable to utter a word. I'd hate to startle them. It'd be a shame to have to give them CPR, really. Dammit. I have a feeling Dr. Cullen was in on some sort of bet. There is no way in hell I can realistically assess what the hell they're building back here. He had to be in on it with Jessica and Dr. Brandon. Mr. Tall, Lean and Bearded sees me first and smiles. I have no idea what I look like right now, just standing here and ogling like a pervert. I smile back, though it's probably more like a scowl or something equally unattractive. Also, I wave. Because I'm a spaz like that. I'd facepalm myself but that would make me look even weirder, so I stick with standing and ogling. There seems to be a sheen of sweat on them that makes them glow in the sunlight. I wonder if I could offer to apply that sunscreen now. Would that be kosher? Or would that be considered sexual harassment? I have no idea. And I'm not sure I even care. Before I can ponder other ways to offer my services, the men stop what they're doing and make their way to me. "Can we help you, ma'am?" Tall and Bearded asks. I nod, my eyes looking everywhere on his body, but his face. He's got some tattoos and muscles in all the right places. Sweet baby Jesus. "Ma'am?" The other one says, breaking me from my erotic journey into womanhood. Because, yes, a sexual awakening can happen at thirty-two. I am a nurse; I know these things. "I'm sorry. Here is your money—well, half of it." I shove the envelope at the blonde one, almost knocking him out in the process. The other one snorts out a laugh and my eyes immediately find his. "Are you Dr. Cullen's secretary?" he asks, crossing his arms over his broad chest. "Who wants to know?" I stand straight and push out my tits. I'm here to break balls, remember? He extends his hand. "Edward Masen." I smirk and put my hand in his, tightening my grip and giving it a good shake. "Isabella Swan." "I'm the boss," he adds, like that's gonna scare me. "And this is my brother, Jasper." I look around and see a large trailer with equipment in it. On the side in big, bold letters is written: Masen Brothers Construction. "So you're the one I can blame for this headache of mine, then, huh?" I raise an eyebrow. "Sorry about that, ma'am." Jasper runs a hand through his hair and scratches at the back of his scalp. "Just doin' our job." I nod. "I understand. You think you can keep it down, though?" It's worth a try, right? "Sweetheart, you go mend the sick and leave the building to us, all right?" Edward says, smirking. His words ruffle my feathers and before I can catch myself, I ask, "I'm sorry, what was that?" I'm smiling, though inside, I'm fuming. Sweetheart? Who the hell does he think he is? Jasper backs away, looking everywhere but at me, seeming interested in something in the back of his truck, while Edward stands there with his dimpled, hairy cheeks and crooked-perfect grin. "You're the nurse, right?" I narrow my eyes. "Have they been out here? Did Jessica say something?" He raises his hands, his eyes wide. "Oh, I don't know who Jessica is, but whatever she said was a lie." Caught off guard, I narrow my eyes. "What?" "What?" We stand there, staring at each other, neither