Repost... ;) ... Deadline for your fic to be completed is November 28th , any fics not done by then will not receive a beta. That being said, if you finish early, let me know so I can get a beta on it. The betas will have your fics back by December 11th and everyone is to post December 12th. All fics must be posted in their entirety on the 12th. You post right on your FF profile and then make sure to add your link to the document on the main group and I will add it to the C2. … FAGEY McFAGEINGTON THE 5th Title: Inked Up Written for: Cruiz Fanfiction / cruiz107 Written By: Missy Melissa Cullen / CullensTwiMistress Rating: M Summary: She holds the gun...he's praying it won't hurt. A little story about finding love in all the wrong places. AH; ExB; Romance/Humor Prompt used: Employment at a tattoo parlor If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange visit the facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox. community/Fagey-McFageington-the-5th/93625/ … "You're a pussy." "I am not a fucking pussy!" "Yeah, you are. It's a rite of passage, man. You gotta do it." "No. Losing your virginity is a rite of passage." I take a gulp of my beer. "This...drinking and getting hammered when you turn twenty-one...that's a rite of passage." "Yeah, man, but-" "Don't 'but' me, Jakassper ." He flinches at my words, but I don't fucking care. Come with me , he said. It'll be fun , he edged. I point my beer bottle in his direction. "I am not getting a motherfucking tattoo, and that is final." "Oh, come on, Ednerd, it's just a little needle. You know you want to," he taunts and I crack my knuckles in frustration, ready to clock him one if he doesn't quit. Best friend, my ass. "I'm thirty fucking years old, man. I think my tattoo days are over and done with." I've been able to dissuade him from bringing me to that place for four years now. Apparently, I've used all my excuses. "Is little Eddie afraid of a little needle," he says, chuckling and mimicking some fucking baby talk. "Oh, for Christ's sake, asshole. Leave it the fuck alone." Running a hand through my hair, I motion to the bartender with my beer, asking for another one. "Why the fuck is this so important, huh? It's not like my getting a tattoo is stopping you from getting a piece of ass." He snickers." Oh, I get plenty. Question is, bro, when's the last time you got some?" He's baiting me and I do my damned best to keep myself in check. Do not let the motherfucker win... Shaking my head, I answer dismissively, "It's been...none of your goddamned business." Taking the beer from the bartender, I add, "What's so special about getting inked up, anyway? I seriously don't get the appeal of that." I point to his inked arm, which I know is a full sleeve. It's nice, I mean, fuck, I wish I could, and I shouldn't be such a wimpy ass, but the needles...I just...can't! Taking a shuddering breath at the thought of many...many...MANY... tiny little ... "Dude, you're as white as a ghost, are you okay?" Jasper brings me out of my thoughts just as I'm picturing the end of the needle puncturing my skin. Shaking my head, I down the bottle of beer in my hand before answering firmly, "Yeah, yeah, whatever. I'm not getting any ink. End of." … "What the fuck are we doing here?" I narrow my eyes at the two idiots in the front seat. Why I'm always in the motherfucking backseat, I'll never fucking know. "Alice called this morning to inform me that Rose was available to finish my arm band," Jasper answers nonchalantly, waving said arm in my face, and I roll my eyes. "And we all know how much I love watching Rosie work." Emmett grins and looks away dreamily. I swear I can practically see little cartoon hearts and angels floating around his big head. "And why the fuck am I here?" I interject. I can feel the weight pressing on my chest as my breathing becomes shallow. Fucking anxiety. It's just a needle... "Erm...you're getting a tattoo?" Jasper says lowly, looking anywhere but at me. "We discussed this... I. Am. Not. Getting-" As I speak, there's an attractive...redhead? Yeah, I think that's red...definitely red...or maybe dark brown with red undertones? Oh hell, who cares... An attractive, young woman comes to the door and waves in our direction...and I'm momentarily thinking with my dick. "Who the fuck is that?" Emmett and Jasper look at each other, then both turn toward my spot in the middle of the back seat, and all I see are their stupid faces grinning back at me. "That, my dear Virginskinward, is Miss Bella ." Jasper chuckles at his brilliant nickname for me as Emmett wiggles his eyebrows. "And who exactly is Miss Bella ?" I ask in a low voice. I can't help it when the butterflies in my stomach decide to do the dance of doom. I'm pretty sure I know the answer to my own question. "Well...you, my bestest bud -dy...are her two o'clock," Jasper informs me using a sing song voice. That needle I was picturing last night...yeah...nothing compared to how I feel right about now. I think I'm gonna puke. … After smoking a cig - or three - outside the shop, I swallow my nerves and walk in. "About time, fucker," Emmett bellows from his spot by the receptionist's desk. "Hey man." My lips form a thin line as I try to force a smile. I probably look constipated. The noise of the needle coming from one of the rooms in the back makes me all jittery, and fuck, I really don't want to be here. "Dude, it's a small needle. You don't even see it," Emmett says seriously. He's more sensitive, whereas his brother, Jasper, is sort of a dickhead. The three of us grew up next door to each other and now we all live in the same apartment complex. I can't get rid of them... "Mr. Cullen," the small girl behind the counter - Alice, I think - smiles up at me, "Bella is ready for you." "But...I...I haven't picked out anything." I shake my head, my eyes wide. What in the ever loving fuck? I need another smoke. "Oh, I'm sure Bella can help you with that, Mr. Cullen-" "Edward," I interject, rolling my eyes. Seriously, Mr. Cullen's my dad. And I'm pretty sure he wouldn't be caught dead in a place like this. She grins. "Edward." Christ. .. I run a hand over my face and into my hair, tugging at the ends forcefully. "I can't fucking do this." With wide eyes, I look at her seriously and try to convey how much of a pussy I really, really am. No fucking joke. Alice giggles. "First timers are so cute. Come on, Edward, it won't be that bad. Bella doesn't bite." Dammit... As she guides me toward the back of the shop, I notice how much ink covers her small body. I mean, she's like five feet tall and probably weighs less than a buck, yet she's covered in so much colorful skin. That must've hurt like a bitch... And yeah, this small chick is braver than me. "I'm a pussy," I shake my head and whisper to myself. "Now, now, Edward," Alice chastises. "There's a first time for everything, trust me, it's not that scary." "Not scary, my ass." I swallow the bile rising up in my throat from all the nerves. "Bella'll be gentle with you. She has very...skilled hands." Alice winks at me and leaves me in a room surrounded by posters of various tattoos and photographs hanging on the walls. There's a chair that looks faintly like some medieval torture apparatus sitting in the middle of the room and on one side of it is a long counter with a sink. On the counter sits a bunch of little colorful cups and a tattoo gun settled besides them. On the other side of the room is a long hospital bed looking thing covered in black leather. I suppose if I were to die, they could just wheel me off on it. I take a deep breath, noticing how nice it smells in this torture chamber. I mean, if I'm going to die while getting punctured numerous times, it might as well smell good, right? Yeah, I didn't think it made much sense either. "Fuck." "I'm sorry," a female voice says behind me and I turn to look at who's there. I may also jump a little. And yelp...while bringing a hand to my mouth like a little girl... "Jesus, woman." I pull at my hair again and pray I don't go bald before leaving this hellhole. She smiles and I get lost in her pretty green eyes...and holy fuck she's all...inked. I don't know how I missed that earlier. "Hi, I'm Bella," she shakes her head and adds, "not Jesus." "Ehm...okay?" I look at her, I mean really look at her, and holy shit she's pretty. Petite with a toned body, but not skinny like those tanned chicks at the beach. Her top is revealing, but all I see is a bunch of flowers and various vines and whatnot. There are musical notes that come around one side of her neck and one of her arms has butterflies, large flowers and stars. She's also wearing a black pair of those stretchy leggings that only come down to her knees with a short denim skirt over them. Her legs are tatted up with some waves and flowers, so feminine and...pretty. It's like she's wearing tights, but it's...skin. "Leg man, huh?" My eyes shoot up to her face and she's smirking at me. Dammit. "Sorry, I just...nice...those... Nice legs." I'm a moron. Now, I'm a blushing thirty year old fucking moron. "Alright. Well, Edward, what can I do for you?" She tilts her head and smiles kindly, with no trace of annoyance. "I don't know." I frown and look around the room. "This your first time?" she asks softly as she fiddles with the gun. Yeah, the one with the needle. I shudder. "Uh huh." "Relax, Edward. Any idea of what you'd like? I can start small. Maybe a tribal or your name? Do you have any hobbies?" "Ehmm, I don't...I'm an architect? Do you have anything in there for that?" Okay, maybe, just maybe I'm a little intrigued. She's fucking pretty and she's talking to me. And I wonder how far up her thigh that tattoo goes... Don't judge me. It really has been a long time. "Hmm...an architect...what else?" She takes out a sheet of paper and a pencil, and starts sketching. "I like the Empire State Building, and numbers. Yeah, ermm, I don't know. Fuck, I can't smoke in here, huh?" I run a hand through my hair and sigh, fidgeting with my pack of smokes and lighter. "Actually, Edward, go have a smoke and I'll finish up this sketch. Then we can go from there. In the meantime, take a look through the gallery, maybe something there will strike a chord?" She shrugs and goes back to drawing. "Why," I take a deep breath, "why are you this nice? Aren't you like all annoyed right now that you can't be puncturing my skin and torturing me?" She giggles and it's the sweetest sound. "Oh Edward, don't worry about that, I have the afternoon free and Sunday is a dead day around here for some reason. Besides," she takes a step toward me and looks at me from underneath her long, dark eyelashes, "I like breaking in virgins." I gulp, my mouth