Repost... Happy Holidays! One shots are due to me by November 25 th . Please send them to kgoodyear A/N: Based on the prompt: If you want my Body and you think I'm Santa A huge thanks to Midnight Cougar for betaing this hot mess and to Joey for laughing at my ridiculousness. Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. Entry for Countdown to Christmas 2012 – a Lyrical Melody Rating: M Pairing: ExB Author's name: CullensTwiMistress Title: Candy Cane Santa Summary: Bella and Edward are friends...sort of. She knows he's the mall Santa. He thinks she doesn't. A little Christmas story about finding "the one" without even realizing it. AH; ExB; Romance/Humor/Motorboating … "I don't want to do this." "Yes, you do." "No, I don't." "Er, yeah you do, B. Besides, if you don't take a chance, you'll never know." "I don't even know for sure it's him, Rose." I glare at her, jutting out my chin defiantly. "I know for a fact it's him. Now, go get 'em tiger." She giggles and cocks an eyebrow in challenge. "I hate you." "No, you don't. Now, go give Santa a nice lap dance and maybe he'll give you his hard candy cane afterwards." I huff and puff out my cheeks, letting the air out slowly as I walk the twenty feet in order to take my spot in line to see The Big Guy. I can do this... It's just him ... I know him ... I've known him since forever... We're friends...sort of. We hang out with the same people. We all grew up together and now live, study and work in Seattle. And by hang out, I mean, I hang out with his sister, Rose, and their brother, Jasper, who is dating my little sister, Alice. It's all weird and intertwined and...weird. Thankfully, Emmett, Rose's soon-to-be husband, isn't related to any of us. And according to Rose, I need to shit or get off the pot. You see, I've had a little...thing for Edward Cullen since we were very young. They were our neighbors, hence the budding love between Alice and Jasper that developed when they were barely older than fetuses. Hell, they were even born only a day apart. I remember those days. Edward, Rose and I would be shuttled off to a sitter's together while our moms bonded. Edward is a few years older than Rose and I. He used to tease and taunt us. It was all fun, and when we were in school I had such a crush on him, but he was older and he was dating the cheerleader. So, I went on and did whatever. But now we're both single, and in our twenties. I'm being so silly, Rose told him she wouldn't tell anyone he's volunteering as the mall Santa. Wouldn't want to ruin the reputation, ya know? But she told me, and I sort of really want to sit on his lap. I won't cry though, unlike that little kid sitting there now. Crap, I hope none of them pee on Santa. That would be gross. Looking around, I'm sort of the odd man out. Dammit, why couldn't I bring a kid with me at least? This is awkward. What do I want for Christmas? How about Santa's cock? That'd be nice...and naughty. I've never seen Edward's, but he's tall and has big feet, I bet he's packin'. And he's hot, you can't be that hot and have a teeny weeny. That would be wrong. Right? Jesus, what is wrong with me? Facepalming, I run a hand through my hair and shake the thought of Edward's man meat out of my head. I mean, really, this is crazy. I've turned into one of those psycho stalker chicks. He'll never go out with me now. Aw, fuck this shit, I'm outta here. "Miss?" The little leprechaun standing by the giant cardboard cutout candy cane entrance motions to me. Okay, he's not a leprechaun, he's an elf. Whatever, he's creepy as fuck and...no... "I can't do this," I mumble and look for an exit strategy. "It's okay, Santa's nice, Miss." Is he fucking serious? Frowning, I shake my head, wanting to explain that I'm not afraid of Santa. This isn't some sort of therapy. But damn, that's really good... Clearing my throat, I put on a good show. "I know, I can do this. The therapist said I should face my fears head on." I smile and try to make myself look a little less psychotic than I probably do, due to the lies and nerves...and the fact that I'm nuts. Shuffling forward, I wait until the child before me is done and has picked up his coloring book and candy cane, and when he's off Santa's lap, I finally step on to the red carpet reserved only for Santa. Deep grey eyes meet mine. The long lashes and thick eyebrows shine with mirth as his bushy face beard and mustache covered lips turn up in a smirk. "Santa, be gentle with this one," the leprechaun says and...I die. "She's in therapy," I hear him whisper as he pushes me forward a bit. I can feel my face heat up, and I swear I want the Earth to swallow me whole. What. The. Everloving. Fuck? Looking at anyone but him, I swallow the knot in my throat and slowly take a seat on his lap. "This is weird," I mumble, still unable to look at him. "You don't have to be scared, little girl. I won't hurt you." Edward's voice is soft, and it makes all my lady parts tingle. This isn't funny. "Yeah, no, I'm not..." I try to say, but then he brings his hand to my knee and gives it a light squeeze, sort of like a grandfather would do. It's not sexual at all...like really not...only those tingles seem to think it is, and I squirm over his lap. "I'm...I'm sorry, Santa." "How about you tell me what you want for Christmas, little girl?" His thumb brushes over the inside of my knee and my eyes meet his. Holy shit... Dark...so dark... Oh the tingles... My heart accelerates and I squirm again, only this time, I feel something...hard...definitely not small... It's not a candy cane, but it's poking my backside slightly. Damn, Santa's belly is getting in the way of the peen. I'm a pervert. Taking a deep breath, with my eyes meeting his, I confess, "I want to find true love, Santa. Do you think I can get that? I want someone to love me." It's cheesy, but he can obviously tell this is me. And I have a feeling he knows his sister can't keep a secret. He can't be that damn oblivious. He knows I'm not afraid of Santa. This is so bad. He's gonna hate me. I squirm again and Edward's other hand tightens its hold over my hip as I brush up against his hard on...again. Maybe he won't hate me, obviously some parts of him like it when I'm all squirmy. "I'm not sure Santa can give you that, little girl, but he'll try his very best." He smiles and licks his lips. God, I can't not look at them even with the white fake fur around them. Nodding, I smile shyly. "Thank you." The leprechaun hands me a coloring book and a candy cane as I stand and straighten myself out. "That wasn't so bad, now, was it? Santa doesn't bite." Oh, God... I hope he does. ... We're at Rose's apartment getting the place ready for her annual Christmas party. "That went well," she says while hanging some garland over the fireplace. "Shut up. I'm so embarrassed." I don't tell her about the hard candy cane poking my hip. She's his sister and that's just wrong. "Oh, don't be. I saw his face, trust me, he wasn't upset at having you sitting on his lap." "It was stupid. The elf thought I was some psycho who was afraid of Santa." "So?" "So? So? So he told Edward." "And?" "And...now Edward's gonna think I'm some Santa fearing headcase that gives him boners while he's at work," I huff and want to shove my foot in my mouth as soon as I say the words out loud. Fuck. Fuckety. Fuck, fuck, fuck. "You gave him a boner?" Rose giggles. "It was a candy cane." A big, hard, warm one... My thighs clench at the memory. "Uh huh...and gross by the way." She shakes her head and goes back to decorating, while I mix up the Jell-O and vodka to make shots. "When's your brother coming home? Ya know, so I can leave." And they're currently living together because that's how Rose met Emmett. Emmett was Edward's college roommate and the two decided to share an apartment when they graduated a few years ago. When Rose and I started college, she started seeing him and has been living with him and Edward for about a year. I live with Alice and Jasper. Well, no, they live with me in what used to be Rose's room. It's...weird? Yeah, I know. I can't get rid of any of them, and the fact that Edward and I are always the last ones left behind, is both a blessing and a curse. A curse because we're usually both dating other people. A blessing because once in a while it's just the two of us and things are nice, normal and familiar. Sitting on his lap this afternoon was a first though. I'd never done that before. Damn, I want to do it again. "You're not leaving, Bella. It'll be fine. I'm sure he thought you were pulling his leg anyway." I'd pull his leg, alright... "Yeah, I guess," I mumble. "I wonder how wasted I can get before he gets here." "You're not getting wasted. It's the first time in forever that both of you are single, and dammit, I'm tired of watching you watch him and watching him watch you." My whole body does a one-eighty when I hear her words. "Watching him watch me? What the hell are you talking about?" "For God's sake, woman. Are you blind?" She shakes her head and joins me by the kitchen counter. "He's had a thing for you since our junior year in high school when he came home from college and you had tits." She gives me a pointed look, but I shake my head no. "He thinks he's so sly," she adds. "The two of you need to stop dancing around each other, B. The sexual tension makes Emmett horny, and that's just wrong." I laugh because well, who wouldn't, but it's just embarrassing that this is my life. "Fine, but-" "No buts," she cuts me off. "Piss or get off the pot, remember?" I nod. "Yeah, yeah. I have a plan." … Short, red velvet dress with white, fluffy trim, check . Red high heels, check . Hair pulled back into a high ponytail tied with a red ribbon, check . Subtle makeup and deep red lips, check . Matching red, silk underwear that nobody will ever see, but that makes me feel like a million bucks, check . It's a costume party and we're supposed to dress up. I have it on good authority that Edward is going as Santa - sans beard, mustache, pillow-gut or white wig. A hot Santa. Rawrr. After his shift, he got his Santa costume cleaned and Rose called when he was in the shower, telling me all systems were a go. And I am a going... He won't know what hit him. … "Holy shit, Bellabee, you look hot," Emmett bellows as he opens the door to greet me. "Yeah, thanks," I mumble and hand him my coat. "Where's Rose?" "Talking to your sister right over," he points toward the living room, "there." "Thanks, big guy." Nodding, I look around the apartment and make my way toward the living room.