This was originally written for the "What's in Santa's Sack" compilation. If you're in the mood for some good Christmas cheer, head on over there and read some good stuff. (link in my favorites on my profile) Name: All my Heart at Christmas Beta: Midnight Cougar waved her awesomeness all over this and even gave me the prompt. This CEOward is for you, baby! Pre-reader: Layathomemom pre-read this for me in a pinch. Thank you, sweetness! Disclaimer: Twilight characters belong to Stephenie Meyer. Rated: M Summary: A rich man with secrets. A simple assistant with a past of her own. Two people on a collision course with destiny. This holiday may just be what both their hearts need. BxE; AH; EPOV; Romance. … Looking around my office, I was suddenly torn between doing what I wanted to do and doing what was right. Christmas decorations were up everywhere and everyone seemed to be in the holiday mood, but I wasn't up for any of it. Later that evening, I was to attend another Christmas dinner with these same people, telling the same boring stories that had been told countless times. I didn't want to go, but as their boss and the host of this shindig, I didn't have much of a choice. My eyes landed on Isabella, or Bella as everyone else called her. Her large, brown eyes and long, wavy hair that seemed to always be up in a ponytail, called to me. I could only imagine what she looked like with her hair down. I knew there was an even more beautiful girl under the tough exterior she seemed to want to portray. I'd managed to avoid being in close proximity with her for the past six months since I'd hired her, but I found my resolve crumbling with every day that passed. She didn't seem to mind being around me, but it wasn't like she was working directly under me. I had my personal assistant, Alec, do all my errands. Isabella was hired to do those things Alec simply couldn't manage on his own. He was in charge of her. I didn't interfere with what either of them did, as long as my dry cleaning was picked up and my mail was sorted, I didn't ask any questions. That being said, I did sometimes walk by her desk just to smile and say a quick hello. Her pretty smile never faltered, and every time I did it, I felt as though I was a step closer to growing some actual balls and talking to her outside of what would be considered working hours. The only problem with my little plan was that we didn't have much in common. Nothing on paper that I could decipher from her application, and we certainly didn't run in the same circles. Sweet girls like Isabella didn't deal with the likes of my family unless they were working for them. I spent most of my time alone in my office or alone at home working; and I knew for a fact she didn't hang out in either of those places. So, it was with those thoughts and an eye roll—and knowing that, yes, I was going to do this once more this year … and next year … and possibly the year after that—that I stood from my desk, cleared my throat, straightened my glasses and walked out of my office and into the employee bullpen. "Ladies and gentlemen," I announced loudly, earning a few surprised glares and scowls that quickly turned into disguised-polite smiles. "I'd like to gather your attention for a moment." Alec and Isabella tore themselves away from what they were doing, my eyes meeting Isabella's briefly before turning toward the rest of the staff. "Well, as you all know, this evening Alec has made reservations at the prestigious Breaking Twilight. You have all seen in the memo that formal evening attire is mandatory. I trust that Alec and Isabella have made all the arrangements for you and your plus-one to attend this evening." I smiled, slipping my hands inside my pockets, and fidgeted with my keys—a nervous habit I'd developed since I started wearing suits. "As an extra little piece of gratitude, you're all dismissed for the rest of the day in order to be at the restaurant for seven. I hope to see you all there." I nodded, resolute, turning around and heading back inside my office. I knew most of them looked forward to going. An evening like this easily cost thousands and wouldn't be something most of them would experience on a daily basis. This was something the company did every year. It was a tradition started by my grandfather and handed down to my father and now me. They said it was a way to thank the 'little people'. Their reasons sounded so condescending to my ears; I hated it. Did I like attending these receptions? Absolutely not. Did I have a choice? Not in the slightest. There was no doubt my parents would be there as they had been anticipating this Christmas party since their retirement. Like me, this was their way of thanking everyone for a job well done. I always felt as though it was too much. A huge gala in the company's honor; to what? Celebrate ourselves? I didn't like it when I was a gopher at the bottom of the ladder, and didn't like it now as CEO of Cullen Corp. I spent the next couple of hours busying myself on the computer, filing charts and revising the New Year's business plan. I simply avoided any goings-on outside of my office until the very last moment. Then I would escape to the adjoining office bathroom to shower quickly and put on the tux Alec had left hanging on the back of my door. Freshly showered, shaved and dressed in a designer, black tux, I grabbed my phone and keys, readying myself for yet another pointless function, followed by a night alone in my bed. Images of what Isabella would look like this evening, dancing with her plus-one, filtered through my mind and I groaned. I was infinitely torturing myself over this girl, and I didn't even know if she was bringing a date. Seeing as it was Friday night, I supposed spending a couple of hours surrounded by the people I loved the most, before spending a few days holed up in my penthouse suite on my own, didn't sound too bad. I couldn't leave my place to go anywhere alone without protection or a driver; I'd rather just stay home and file some paperwork on the weekend. No rest for the wicked , as Grandpa used to say, before he died of a massive heart attack at barely fifty. I'd never emulated him, but according to my father, business was in my blood, so when he retired, I took over. I couldn't even argue my way out of it; after all, I was a Cullen, and Cullens did business. It was simple as that. Not to say I wasn't good at it, I was, but it simply didn't do much for my creative side. It also didn't do much for the community. In the three years since Dad's retirement, I had been able to implement a few charities. Nothing with the corporation's name or mine attached to them, of course. The last thing I'd want was for people to know that Edward Cullen had a heart. No, it was better they not know. Better that I remained this guarded person with no soul. It made for better business. Stepping out of the elevator, I was met by Emmett, my driver, who escorted me to the limo. I was antsy and withdrawn. I didn't feel like going. I'd been feeling less and less enthusiastic about the evening as weeks passed. I just wanted the whole thing to be over and done. I ended up donating one dollar to Charlie's soup kitchen for every dollar Cullen's spent on this shindig. It was the only way I could justify it. The only way I could deal with so much wasted money. The rich getting richer, while the poor barely had anything. It made me feel something deep inside to know I was doing something for others. I was aware that most employees looked forward to it. I couldn't blame them. Everyone was invited, and tonight they would all be treated as equals. The mailroom staff would sit with the executives, and the secretaries would make small talk with their bosses. I had to remind myself of this every year when I was slowly working my way up the ladder. This dinner wasn't for the CEO. It was meant to thank everyone for the group effort in making Cullen's what it was—a very successful and lucrative company. I got that, I did, but I just had a hard time wrapping my head around the fact we all had to dress up and make a big to-do about this holiday celebration evening. In fact, I would rather have everyone dressed in jeans and drinking beer while listening to a live band. The whole staff consisted of people between the ages of twenty and forty; I doubted any of them had any real interest in listening to classical music and eating overpriced tuna tartare. But for whatever reason, every year was the same, and every year was a hit. With Isabella on board helping out Alec, I was sure this year would be no different. I digressed, tonight wasn't about me, it was about showing my appreciation. In spite of everything, I did appreciate every one of these people, my employees, and would gladly put up with a few hours of classical music and pretentious food in order to show them how I felt about them and how hard they worked for me. Thanking Emmett, I exited the limo and made my way to the restaurant entrance. Alec had reserved the entire place for the evening. There were around one hundred employees, plus whomever they had decided to bring as a guest, joining us here, and I was already running a little late. Better late than never, I supposed. "Edward," my father said, joining me by the entrance. I knew he was going to make a scene of my arrival, no matter if I was on time or not. Sometimes, I thought he'd retired early just to watch if I could take over or if I was going to fail miserably. "Carlisle." I gave him a tight-lipped smile and looked out into the room. The place looked spectacular. Dimly lit with just enough space to make it feel warm and cozy without being overcrowded. "You're late," he reminded me, his own teeth clenched, but his lips turned up at the corners. "I had paperwork. I doubt anybody noticed, Father." I waved to Alec and gave him a thumbs up with an appreciative nod. It wasn't his first time planning an event like this, but I knew he'd given most of his tasks concerning the party over to Isabella. She'd obviously outdone herself. "They didn't, but I did. Now, do you have your speech prepared?" My father waved at some senior partners and clasped my shoulder sympathetically. I knew otherwise. "Of course. It's the same one I used last year." I rolled my eyes. If there was anything I could do, it was be prepared. He should have known that by now. "Go on then." He scowled and turned to join my mother and some of their friends. I took a deep breath and went to the bar, deciding on a little liquid courage before addressing the room. I was used to these things, but it still seemed redundant. I supposed for the newer employees who had just joined us this year, it was a new experience for them. I had to keep that in mind when giving my speech. "Fancy seeing you here," a