Lily woke up with a small scream, breathing heavily. She drew her blankets around her small shoulders and took a deep breath. She watched the door to make sure that the silencing charm held. Then again, Dominique, her roommate and cousin, had been spending most nights at her boyfriend's flat, so she wasn't sure that Dom was even there. She let out another shaky breath and silently padded over to her bedroom door, entering the kitchen to make some tea. The flat looked the same, the long hallway leading to two separate rooms: Lily's room and private bathroom and Dom's room and private bathroom. The layout of the kitchen was the same, with it leading into a small cubby of a dining room, and a living room, with a gray couch and muggle television set. But there was something off. Lily looked around, her cup left on the counter. "Up again, Little Red?" Lily jumped at the unwanted voice, flinging her head around to glare at the intruder. "What are you doing here, Lorcan?" she asked wearily. He was sitting on the couch in the living room that was connected to the kitchen. He looked as though he had just woken up, his eyes still blurry with sleep and his hair rumpled. Plus, the couch had a blanket on it, which was a pretty good indication that it had been slept in. "Is this really that much of a surprise, Little Red?" Lorcan stretched and stood up, stopping in front of Lily. "I've been here every night for the past few weeks. I really don't like hearing your cousin and my brother going at it." Lily wrinkled her nose and Lorcan laughed, nodding in agreement. "Yeah. So, what're you doing up?" Lily tugged her sweatshirt more tightly around her and tried for a confident smile. "We have the same conversation every night. You should know that I don't kiss and tell." "Oh, though I wish you would, my little flower." Lorcan gave a wicked grin. Lily rolled her eyes and turned back around to take a cup out of the cupboard. She didn't like being alone with any man when her back was turned, so she hastily fixed her tea and turned back around to see Lorcan looking at her with a contemplative expression on his face. "What?" Lily asked, wrapping her hands around the warm cup and taking a sip of her chamomile tea. "Nothing. Just know that I'm here if you need to talk." Lily gave a laugh. "And even if I did have something to talk about, why would I go to you? You've been torturing me since fifth year. I don't exactly like you, Lorcan." "Aw, you know that's not true." Lily shrugged in response. "I'm gonna try and get some sleep. I have to be at work by eight tomorrow." "Why so early?" Lorcan questioned, moving back to the couch on which he claimed residence. "I have to do a report on a Quidditch match that's happening at ten. They said that I could come and interview the players if I got there at eight, so I'm going." Lorcan leaned back. "Cool, what team?" "Wouldn't you like to know?" Lily teased. "Goodnight, Lorcan." "Good morning , Lily." Lily was fifteen years old, walking by herself down in Diagon Alley. Lily was fifteen years old, in a body bind and silenced while a man was dragging her through Knockturn Alley to a trashy hotel. Lily was fifteen years old, silently crying as a man was laughing, his sneering face looking over Lily. Lily was fifteen years old, trying to cry out but being unable to as a man lowered himself over her. Lily was shaken awake. "Lorcan?" she asked, confused. His usual calm demeanor looked frantic. "Are you okay, Lily? You were screaming bloody murder and you wouldn't wake up and I was really worried." "Did the silencing charm not hold?" she asked, her voice raw. Lorcan's eyebrows pushed together in one worried line. "Why do you put a silencing charm on your room? Why do you try to deal with this alone? What's wrong , Lily?" "Nothing," she hastily answered. "Wait... If the silencing charm held, then why are you in my room?" His brown eyes met Lily's green ones. "You said that you needed to be at work by eight and you weren't out of bed yet, so I thought that I'd wake you." "And you couldn't have knocked?" Lily tilted her head. "I did knock! The silencing charm probably affected your ability to hear it." "Wait." Lily climbed out of bed, stammering around her lilac room, trying to hop into her clothes as quickly as she could. "What exactly is the time?" "It's seven thirty." Lily cursed. "I can't be late! This is a huge opportunity for me!" Lorcan grabbed her elbow and her breath hitched, but out of anxiety. "Please let go of me," Lily said in a fake calm. Lorcan let go. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you. But can we please talk? Later?" Lily gave him a calculating look. "Maybe." She went to the bathroom and shut the door, quickly brushed some makeup on her face, and apparated to the field outside the Quidditch pitch before Lorcan could barge into the bathroom demanding answers that Lily wasn't willing to give. Lily had her quill out, quickly jotting down everything that the players were saying, aside from the parts where they were flirting with her. "So, your favorite part of Quidditch... are the hot Quidditch chicks?" Lily asked, an eyebrow raised. Brett Carson, a Chaser, nodded seriously. "And the hot interviewers." Carson winked in Lily bit back a gag. "I see. And you are aware that everything that you say will be included in the article." "Yeah, so?" Lily nodded. "Okay, then. One last question for the team: how do your relationships affect the way that you play the game?" Helena Krum, the seeker, answered, "Well, you have to trust every single teammate, even the ones that you don't work so closely with. I think that the dynamic of our team really speaks true to this format. We're all friends off the pitch, so we're able to work together on the pitch." "Yeah, but the no dating law really sucks," Carson said with a pout. "What no dating law?" Lily asked, her quill poised over the page. "We're not allowed to date our teammates to prevent any complications with team unity," Talia Chang-White, an old teammate of Lily's and one of the Chasers, answered. "What if their need to protect each other ruined our game strategy?" "Or what if they broke up and stopped trusting each other?" Elias Cruz, a Beater, questioned with a longing glance at Talia. Lily smiled and closed the notepad. "Thank you for taking the time out of your day to answer the questions of a mere interviewer. I'll just watch your game and the article should be out by next month." They all nodded to Lily, a few of them offering her a quick hug, Carson bidding his farewell by giving her his number and telling her that if she ever wanted to hook up sometime to give him a call. Lily set that paper on fire quickly after he gave it to her. He reminded her of Lorcan in sixth year when he wouldn't stop pestering her to go out with him. Which reminded Lily that she was going to have to face Lorcan eventually. But for now, she was going to enjoy the Quidditch game and pray that the Appleby Arrows won or her story, her big break, would have to wait. When Lily got back to her flat it seemed that it was hosting a celebration that she was not invited to. "Dominique!" Lily hollered, trying to see through the mounds of people. She spotted Zinnia Jordan, her other best friend, sitting tensely on the couch sitting next to her boyfriend and Lily's cousin, Louis Weasley. In fact, Lily saw most of her cousins dancing around, even seeing her brothers pass her with a drink in their hands. But none of them was the person that she was looking for. "DOMINIQUE!" A giddy strawberry-blonde stumbled into Lily. "Lily! You came!" "What exactly am I coming to?" Another person was shoved into Lily and she shuddered with anxiety. "You haven't heard?" Dominique looked truly confused. "Lysander and I are moving in together!" "So you decided to destroy my home before you leave?!" "No! Lysander and I will clean up. We just have one itty bitty request for you." Lily's stomach was clenching with nerves. She hated parties, where people were always bumping into you and people could touch you and no one would care if you cried out because it was all 'part of the fun.' "Sure, what?" Dominique gave one of her award-winning smiles. "Wonderful! Lorcan will be moving into my old room tonight! Ta ta!" "Dominique!" But she had already weaved away through the crowd, not giving Lily a chance to say no. Lily let out a huff in annoyance and pushed her way through the crowd to try and reach her room. It wasn't as though the new living arrangement was going to be much different. Lorcan was right, he had been living in her flat for months. The only thing that was different is that each had their own key to the other's flat. Lily finally reached her room and quickly slammed her door, leaning against it. "Not one for parties?" Lily clutched her heart. "What the hell?! Lorcan, what the are you doing in my room?" she bit out. "You said you'd give me answers," the blond responded, holding out a bottle in one hand and a box of goodies in the other hand. "And since we're going to be living together rather soon, I figured that we might as well celebrate." "Why would I want to celebrate the fact that a pompous arse is moving into my flat? And I don't drink." Lorcan viewed the bottle with a look of fake concern. "You aren't able to drink any apple cider?" "Apple cider?" she asked. Lorcan nodded, patting a section of her floor next to him. While she would never admit it to anyone, Lily thought that it was considerate that he didn't sit on her bed without her permission. Not that she would ever give her permission, but it was still thoughtful. "Thank you so much for giving me permission to sit on my own bedroom floor." "Oh, it was my pleasure." Lorcan grinned. He popped the cap off of the apple cider and took a swig from the bottle. "I figured that if I couldn't swap spit with you in the way that I want, then I could do it this way." "How eloquent." Lily accepted the bottle and raised it to her lips, allowing the bubbles to calm her stomach. "I'm only letting you stay here because you come bearing sugar." "Ah, so now I know the way to your heart, Little Red." Lily narrowed my eyes at him. "You can ask me one question if I can ask you one in return." Lorcan jerked his chin in what she assumed to be in agreement. "Okay. But I go first." "Fine." "Fine." Lorcan smirked. "Why were you screaming this morning? What was happening, Lily?" She nearly feinted in relief. He had asked a vague enough question that she could answer the question and still not reveal her secret. "I have nightmares," she answered bluntly. "Lily," Lorcan protested. "What?" Lily took another swig of the cider, passing it over to Lorcan. "I answered your question. Now I get to ask one of my own. Why do you call me Little Red?" Lorcan looked slightly uncomfortable. "Because you're Hugo's little cousin and you have red hair." "But that's not it!" Lily exclaimed. "You were friends with me before you were friends with Hugo and you've been