I wasn't really sure how I got here, pressed up against a desk in an empty classroom at one o'clock in the morning, snogging the life out of my archenemy, Mr. James Sirius Potter II, tongues mixing, teeth clashing, his hands tracing over my body. I swear this whole thing started out innocent! Maybe. I guess that I should start from the beginning, since I'm assuming that you're imagining a faceless and nameless girl kissing an (objectively) hot boy, who just so happens to be her enemy, for no reason at all. In summary, you're imagining me as a slut. Or something. And that's not who I am. My name is Camilla Avery Jenkins and I'm the Gryffindor Quidditch co -captain. The other co-captain is Potter, and we had been fighting for that spot since I got on the team in my third year when a chaser spot opened up. James was also a chaser, but he had gotten a spot the year before me. I'm pretty sure that Headmistress Clearwater just made us co-captians to spite us and to try and get us to get along. Spoiler alert! It didn't work. Well, not yet anyways. But we'll get to that later. Right now we're not in the snogging phase. We're still in the arguing phase. I mean, we argue during the snogging phase as well, but again, more on that later. I guess I should start when this whole snogging thing began. It was a Tuesday, the Tuesday right after we won the first game of the season (not without suffering, I assure you) and to celebrate, the New Marauders (James, Fred, and Jessica) decided to throw a huge prank, which consequently left me and James trapped in a broomstick cupboard together. (Why is it that every 'romantic' thing begins with two people getting stuck in a broomstick cupboard?) I was innocently trying to walk to my potions class when I heard a light wind and a glance up showed me that my suspicions were correct. The New Marauders had indeed begun to create a rainstorm. Now, I'm sure that you're wondering how I possibly could've guessed that they were going to create some sort of magical rainstorm. Well, to tell you the truth, once you've fought with James as much as I have, you start to get a sense about what his next prank will be. And I knew that it was the New Marauders that pulled the prank because they were giggling at the end of the hallway. That is, until James noticed me standing in the hallway, not moving. He motioned for Fred and Jessica to run away from the impending gray clouds, and James ran toward me, quickly grabbing my arm and pulling me into a broom cupboard nearby. "What the hell are you doing, douchebag?" I shrieked, yanking at my arm. "Don't be an idiot, Jenkins," James said, rolling his eyes. "If you go out there now, you'll get stuck in the flood." "What flood?" I asked. "The rain," he explained irritably, running a hand through his unruly hair, which all the girls thought was sexy for some reason. Well not me, nah uh. I rolled my eyes and he smirked at me. Again, not sexy. "It's gonna turn into a wall of water, trapping anyone who's in the hallway there, inside the wall of water." "How will they breathe? Merlin, I know that you're a prat, but I didn't think that you'd go so far as to kill people!" He rolled his eyes. "They'll be able to leave. So they'll be frozen, but able to see what's going on, which'll make them REALLY bored and will totally bend to our will. It's a new product Weasley's Wizard Wheezes is trying out." "So, why try and save me?" I had been leaning against the door, looking at him through dim lighting, but suddenly and all at once, (which, looking back on it is what suddenly means, but ignore the repetitiveness) my claustrophobia came crawling back to me. The sound of rushing water entered my ears and I couldn't hear James' answer. "Whoa, Jenkins. Are you okay?" "I can't breathe," I responded, tears blurring my vision. I realized that sometime in the last twelve seconds, his arms had come around me, holding me up. "Oh, shit." I felt one of his hands twitch against my back and I knew that he was itching to run a hand through his hair. (That was not at all sexy). "Your claustrophobic. I forgot." "H-h-how d-do you even kn-n-ow that?" I stuttered. "Um, remember when we were fighting and Fred locked us into the Gryffindor locker room? You were freaking out and told me a bunch of random shit about being claustrophobic and how it was a genetic thing and stuff. But it's better than being stuck in the water, right?" I gave a breathy laugh. "Yeah. I'm pretty sure I told you more about my family than you ever wanted to know." He grinned at me and I suddenly became aware of the position we were in. His arms were around my waist and I was pressed up against the back of the cupboard. His lips were a breath's away and I felt myself flush. "I read somewhere that the best way to ease claustrophobia is to be distracted." I looked into his brown eyes, studying the golden flecks within them. "Can you think of anything to distract me with?" Oh, Merlin. I was flirting with James Potter. The same James Potter that once charmed my clothes off in the middle of a Quidditch game. And the funny thing was: I really wanted him to kiss me. He smirked at me as though he knew what I was thinking, before covering my mouth with his own. It wasn't sweet, it wasn't gentle, and it wasn't anything like a first kiss was supposed to be like. It was rough and it was angry. Kind of like we were pushing all of our frustration and fear on each other, but it served its purpose: it was a distraction. I didn't want to give him the satisfaction of hearing me moan or sigh or anything of the sort, so I just kissed him harder, fisting my hands in his hair. He smirked against my lips before tugging on my bottom lip with his teeth, giving his tongue access to my mouth, but I didn't care. His hands edged down my thighs and I jumped up and wrapped my legs around his waist, allowing him to push me against the wall. Our tongues mingled, his fingers rubbed circles into my thighs, inching up before hesitating and massaging back down, my hands tugging gently on his amazingly soft hair (seriously, what conditioner did this boy use?). I broke away for air and he studied me through half-lidded eyes, his forehead resting on mine. "Was that a sufficient distraction?" My eyes came to rest on his swollen lips and a wave of lust came over me, so I kissed him in response. And, BAM. That's how this whole thing started. I mean, that's when we snogged for the first time. We didn't agree on a routine until later on. In fact, the next time we snogged wasn't for another week and a half. I hadn't really spoken to Potter since The Incident (yes, capital letters needed) and I wan't planning on speaking to him ever again. Now, I know you're wondering, "Camilla, Cammi, Cam. How do you expect to never speak to him if you're co-captains. How is that even possible?" Well, invisible audience, I'm so glad you asked! I have decided that I am going to fire Potter from the Quidditch team. It'll totally work! (I'd like to point out that it totally didn't work.) Quidditch practice that week was a living hell. Potter and I were trying to work against each other in every way and our poor team was confused to their very last, very tired, bone. In fact, our youngest team member, Izzy Sloane, was so confused by the end of the week, that while we were discussing plays in the locker room, she burst into tears and told us that we were being ridiculous meanie faces and that we should stop fighting because it was ruining our team spirit. And then she stormed off with her white-blonde hair billowing behind her, the rest of the team quickly following, stopping briefly to send nervous looks our way. Potter sank onto the bench, placing his face in his hands. And then I said the worst thing that I possibly could have said. "Will you have sex with me?" He snorted and he made his head visible again. "What are you going on about, Jenkins? Have you finally lost your marbles, because if you have then Fred owes me ten galleons." "Ha ha," I said sarcastically, sitting next to Potter uncomfortably. "Nah. Some of the girls in my dorm have been talking about it lately and when I told them I was a virgin, they decided to tell all the boys they know, and the guys have been harassing me, so I figured that I just want to-" His lips were on mine once again, but it was a quick kiss. "You talk too much," he grinned. "So do you," I muttered back. I slung a leg over his hips so that I was straddling him. He grinned again and recaptured my lips, sucking on them as though trying to give me a hickey. I detached my lips from his and he started kissing and suckling down my neck. "Don't... visible.." I gasped out. He seemed to understand what I was trying to say since he moved even lower to a spot just under my collarbone. I dug my fingers into his back, before I realized that his shirt was on. I discovered that I didn't like that. I pushed him back and tugged off his shirt, throwing it across the room. He reattached himself to my neck as I discovered new skin. I can't believe that I never noticed how fit this boy was! My fingers lightly traced over his abs, and his mouth froze on my skin. He let out a small groan and I smirked, running my nails across his muscles, making him shiver. "So is that a yes?" I ground out, trying to keep control of my body and my breathing. "To what?" Potter asked, blowing on my skin where he had just placed a hickey. I wiggled my hips against his, trying to release some of the pressure building in my stomach. " Jenkins ," he hissed out. "Um," I shook my head. "Oh! Sex. Me. I mean, will you have sex with me?" We both stopped moving, panting heavily. Once we regained our breath, he responded, "How about we stick to snogging sessions for now?" "What, like enemies with benefits?" I laughed. He gave me a quick peck before shoving me off of him. "Yep. I still hate you, Jenkins." "Ditto, man whore." And that's when we came up with this arrangement. We would meet up randomly throughout the castle whenever we had a bad day and forcefully snog each other. Usually, we would slip each other notes saying some stupid pun that would let us know where to meet. My favorite was "Did you just come out of the oven? 'Cause you're hot," and I'd meet him in the kitchen, where we proceeded to scar the eyes of all the poor little house elves. Anyway, we agreed that it was a non-emotional thing, but something happened one day. I had always been bullied at school since I wasn't as girly as any of the other girls, since I liked Quidditch and wrestling and insulting annoying boys. But it had escalated to a whole new level since my roommates leaked that I was a virgin at eighteen, which really wasn't that abnormal. But these two idiots