Disclaimer: I own nothing of Harry Potter and I make absolutely no profits from what I write. Besides the concepts of the Harry Potter world, which belong to JKRowling and Warner Brothers, all the text in this story, unless otherwise quoted, is written by me. Prologue Draco Malfoy is staring straight ahead with a passive expression on his face. He's trying his best to keep from shaking, but he's finding it difficult under the circumstances. This is his final trial, and whatever the Wizengamot decide today will shape the rest of his life. The charges against him are severe, including being an active member of an illegal hate association and aiding and abetting in murder. The room appointed for his final trial is dingy, dark and frigid. Everything about the space is bleak, from the lack of windows on the sweaty walls to the lonely, wooden chair that waits for the accused. Draco sits in it now, clenching his fists tightly over his lap, hoping to hide his shaking hands. He's already endured two weeks of this torture. What's the point of sitting through this when it's perfectly clear to everyone that he's guilty? His darkest secrets are exposed for the world to see, and the evidence against him is mounting and heavy. "We now call our final witness to the stand." Draco is momentarily relieved to learn that this is almost over, but his stomach lurches unpleasantly at the sight of Harry Potter walking past him, his hair disheveled and his robes a mess. Of course, why would he bother looking presentable for this? Draco almost laughs at his misfortune: he may be getting the kiss after all. Potter doesn't even have the nerve to look in his direction as he takes his seat only a few feet away in the witness bench. He looks uneasily at the crowd in front of him, squinting as dozens of photographers take their money shot. "For the record, can you please state your full name, age and address?" The Head Wizengamot member, Doge, begins. Potter quickly scans the Wizengamot committee, seeming to recognize some of them. "My name is Harry Potter, I'm 17 years old and er… currently don't have a permanent address. I'm staying with my friend's family, the Weasleys." As soon as Potter begins speaking, dozens of quills can be heard scratching furiously on parchment. Doge smiles reassuringly at Potter. "Thank you for coming on such short notice, Mr. Potter. I first want to ask, what is your relationship to Mr. Malfoy?" "We were classmates at Hogwarts." "Would you say you two were friends?" "No - not at all," Potter says shortly. "We never got along." "And why is that?" "Well," he hesitates for a moment, "there was house rivalry between Slytherin and Gryffindor and it was rumoured his family had connections to Voldemort. But honestly, more than anything, Malfoy was a bully." Draco stares stonily at Potter, unable to believe what he's hearing. Is he trying to get him killed? "Can you please elaborate?" Doge asks. "Yeah. Malfoy was prejudiced against muggleborns. He gave some people a hard time at Hogwarts, like calling my friends 'mudblood' or 'blood-traitor' –" The crowd audibly gasps and a scatter of flashes erupt to document this moment. Draco can only hang his head and blankly stare down at his white knuckles, feeling the last rays of hope drain from him. Potter wants him dead. Harry Potter has the power to make it happen. "But -" Potter continues, and Draco looks up at him again, "even though he's a git– that's not way he's here." "Quite right," Doge says almost pleasantly. "Evidence suggests that Mr. Malfoy became a Death Eater when he was 16 years old. Did you ever personally see Mr. Malfoy's Dark Mark?" "Yes, at the end of the sixth year." "Did he show this to you?" "No. He showed Albus Dumbledore on the night he died." Cue for another round of audible gasps and scattered flashes, but all Draco can do is slowly shakes his head in horror. Potter wasn't even there that night! "Are you suggesting that Mr. Malfoy has a role in Albus Dumbledore's death?" Potter seems to take a moment to gather his thoughts, before he unexpectedly glances at Draco. Draco digs his nails into his palms as he fights to keep his expression neutral. A cold, harsh truth washes over him: I'm going to Azkaban . "No, he isn't capable," he says at last, shocking Draco, who lets out a shaken breath he didn't realize he was holding in. "How can you be so sure of that, Mr. Potter?" "I -" Potter becomes visibly uncomfortable, "I already gave my account of what happened, but a lot of it is not public knowledge yet… do I have to say it again?" Draco frowns in confusion, clearly he's been left uninformed. "If you please, Mr. Potter, summarize what you have told the Aurors earlier." "Alright. Well – the thing is – Dumbledore's death wasn't actually murder – per se ." Draco stares as Potter incoherently stammers. Even Doge is looking at Potter as if he's gone mad. All that can be heard at that moment are flashes and urgent quills. "That's… not a reasonable statement, Mr. Potter, considering the fact that Severus Snape cast the Killing Curse on Prof. Dumbledore. You saw this yourself." Potter nods in agreement, "Yes, I did. But Dumbledore was already dying-" "So are you suggesting that Draco Malfoy and Severus Snape killed Prof. Dumbledore out of the goodness in their hearts?" Doge seems to be giving Potter a smile that's both disbelieving and amused. How cute, Doge must be thinking, our hero has such a gentle, trusting heart . Potter sighs loudly and Draco has no idea where he's going with this. "Severus Snape was a spy for Dumbledore," he blurts out at last. The whole room seems to spin in chaos: writers begin demanding more details, family members loudly object, and even Doge loses his composure. But to Draco, well…as shocking as that is to hear, it would explain a fair bit. Before Severus killed Dumbledore, Draco had suspected as much. But even after that night, there were those rare times when Draco felt something didn't add up – like when Severus knew just the right amount of information, or how his style of obedience was painted with purpose rather than loyalty. Perhaps only Draco could see the cracks in his mask because he was hiding himself. "I have proof," Potter says, dragging Draco out of his thoughts. "He was on our side the entire time. He fooled us all, especially me. But Dumbledore made sure of that, he needed Snape to be a convincing spy." "The Aurors have yet to confirm this, so I'm afraid I cannot allow this to sway our verdict in this case," Doge says to the rest of the committee. "But if it's not murder, why should Malfoy be accused of it?" Potter interjects. "Mr. Potter, please avoid speaking out of turn. It doesn't change the fact that Draco Malfoy attempted to kill Albus Dumbledore on numerous occasions. There are several accounts of his failed attempts, in which his fellow classmates, friends of yours, were severely injured. Prof. Dumbledore was acutely aware of how dangerous this person is." Doge points at Draco unnecessarily. "You mentioned in your report that Prof. Dumbledore forced you to hide on the night he was killed. He did this because he knew you would be in danger if you faced Draco Malfoy." Potter snorts, before he realizes how utterly inappropriate that reaction is and schools is expression to be serious. What a cocky, little shit. Potter sits up straighter in his chair before he replies, "no, Dumbledore was hiding me from the other Death Eaters. Dumbledore wasn't worried about Malfoy. He knew that Malfoy's job was to kill him, but Malfoy couldn't do it. The problem with this is that Dumbledore had already planned out his death: it was the only way to secure Snape as a spy, keep Malfoy alive and give Voldemort a false sense of hope. All this, combined with the fact that he was already dying, made Dumbledore realize his apparent murder was the only move he had. So - he asked Snape to do it, since he knew Malfoy … didn't have it in him." Potter turns to face Draco unexpectedly, his expression earnest, "I saw you lower your wand, and I knew then too." Draco openly flinches at this, his mind trying to make sense of what Potter's saying. He remembers pointing his wand at Dumbledore's slouched chest, threatening to kill him. He remembers the fool trying to help him. I can help you, Draco - "Mr. Potter, please refrain from speaking to the defendant!" Doge demands loudly before gathering thoughts, "Let's assume you aren't mistaken and everything you say is true. That means that Prof. Dumbledore knew about Draco Malfoy's dilemma and did nothing to stop him from hurting others. Does that seem rational to you?" "Prof. Dumbledore didn't do anything in order to protect Malfoy, and also Snape's secret. He knew that if Malfoy showed any hesitation, Voldemort would kill him." A look of shock overcomes the Wizengamot committee, clearly this isn't going as they had planned. Potter, who seems aware of their frustration, carries on relentlessly. "I don't like Draco Malfoy, if anything I despise him, but that's not good enough of a reason to punish him. Although I can't trust him, I definitely can't condemn him, because he… he's also a victim of this war." "- Thank you, Mr. Potter." Doge cuts Potter off sharply, needing him to stop talking. "I would like to take this time to call a recess. Mr. Potter, you are excused." The room erupts in an incessant chatter as Potter gets up to leave. The reporters practically throw themselves at his feet as he begins to walk away. The confusion Draco feels makes his head heavy and his ears buzz noisily. Everything Potter has said weighs heavily on his chest, making it difficult to breathe. He looks to Potter for some explanation of what the fuck just happened, some clue as to what he must be thinking, but his steps are quick and desperate, needing to get away. As Draco watches him, he feels this moment being seared into his memory: the slight tilt of Potter's face as he begins to look back at him, but as he hurries out of the courtroom, he never does. Chapter 1: Into the Woods Harry can't quite believe that he's back on the Hogwarts Express, heading for a final year of school. The ministry made it clear that he could graduate without his last credits, and that a position is available as an entry Auror if he wished for it. But Harry needs some time to get his bearings back. He still wants to be an Auror, but not straight away, not after everything that happened mere months ago. "Harry? Are you listening? You've got that far away look again." "Oh, sorry, Ginny. Just got lost in my thoughts." "Do you think they'll allow us to share a dorm?" Ginny asks slyly. The Ministry made it a priority to repair the damages inflicted on Hogwarts during the final battle. New dorms were added to accommodate the students who are returning for an eight year. "I doubt it," he replies with a smirk, "even if I am the Chosen One." Checking to see that no one is looking, Harry plants a quick kiss on Ginny's cheek. She laughs and pushes him away playfully, "we'll just have to be sneaky, like normal teenagers." He smiles, but it makes him wonder if anything in his life will ever be normal. Maybe things will settle down now that he's back at Hogwarts. The other students will quickly bore of seeing Harry Potter do every day, normal things. How exciting can it be to watch someone