Disclaimer: For those of you just now joining us, I still do not ownanything that is recognizably Tolkien. (i.e., anything normal. The psychotic, schizophrenic character known as Katie is mine, as is the whacked-out raccoon and the clueless guy known as Brian.) Nor will I ever own them. My own pathetic attempt at genius comes nowhere close to the grand master of lore, J.R.R. himself. Author's Note: Hear ye, hear ye! (Yes, I have always wanted to say that.) Congratulations and much heartfelt thanks to those of you who have endured the insanity, craziness, and unspeakable horrors throughout Meriweather's version of "The Fellowship of the Ring." You have all earned my respect for showing your talent in keeping up with all the confusing rules that belong to the Sue, and the madness will shortly continue. But before we all witness and mourn together the blatant butchering and maiming of "The Two Towers," I have some announcements. (Don't I feel important?) Announcement #1: The reviews and dedication have henceforth been moved to the end of the fic, as I have received several suggestions to do it and personally prefer the style myself. I would have done it sooner, but I am a mysterious creature steeped in tradition, and once I started it that way in the beginning, I just couldn't stop. Anyway . . . Announcement #2: I have a large collection of barf bags, tissues, blunt and sharp objects, and rocks of all sizes available at your disposals, so feel free to use any and all at will in this and future chapters. Announcement #3: I do listen to and treasure all suggestions and criticisms, including more demands for Meriweather. Thus in this fic I shall be adding a few more different perspectives as we go along. I hope that you find them interesting and worthwhile. And please, if you don't like something, say so! I will also answer your questions too, so don't hesitate to ask even the silliest question, because I guarantee that it will help me understand where I am losing people. Announcement #4: Well, I didn't want these things to take forever, but they've already started to, so I'm going to shut up now and get on with what I want to write, and what I'm sure you want to read . . . TRAPPED AS A MARY SUE II Chapter One {Previews, previews, and *more previews*! Get on with the movie, already!} She sat in the darkened theater, drumming her fingers on the plastic armrest impatiently. Her best friend Sarah sat to one side, while Audrey, her other best friend, sat on the other. Both were downing the popcorn they had bought like there was no tomorrow. Kathy sighed again, somewhat melodramatically as yet another advertisement flashed across the big screen. She was still mad at Brad, her boyfriend. He hadn't appreciated her thought of him in her great fanfiction. And he kept going off on some tangent about orange being his favorite color anyway. Why couldn't she have made him Temnaur the Orange? Kathy wrinkled her nose at the very thought. Didn't he know that orange would clash with her character's outfit? Not to mention her violet eyes. Orange and violet definitely did *not* go together. Sarah leaned over to Kathy and asked in a noisy whisper, "So are you gonna take notes on the movie or what? For your story, I mean." She licked fake butter off her fingers. Kathy snorted, then tried to cover the indelicate sound by coughing. "Don't be stupid. I can remember everything perfectly without acting like a nerd. Everybody positively *loves* my story as it is anyway. I've got, like, thirty-four reviews! That's a lot, trust me. Most people's stories only get, like, two and a half." "What did they think of Brad?" Audrey asked, now attuned to the conversation. "He's gotta be great, knowing how you write." "You put Brad in?" Sarah squealed, letting out a laugh like a ground squirrel being run over. "That is so totally awesome! Hey, can we be in it too?" Kathy glanced at Sarah, contemplating the idea. "Well, depends. Are you an Aragorn Admirer too?" Sarah made a disgusted face. "Yeah, as if! Too dirty. I'm a Frodo Fan, that's me! Gimme Frodo any day." "What, you don't want Meriweather to have any competition?" Audrey teased. Kathy glared at her friend, and she laughed. "Just kidding. I'm a Legolas Lover, no mistake. You're safe, trust me." She went back to munching on her popcorn as a preview for "Bruce Almighty" went by. "So are you gonna do it? Pwease?" Sarah begged, giving Kathy puppy-dog eyes in the semidarkness. Kathy thought about it some more. She'd been losing reviewer interest for awhile. They were starting to make idiotic comments like "ur repeating urself" and "ur a horendous m.s. i hope u dye" and other such nonsense. Kathy didn't even know what a "m.s." was, but she didn't care. Her story was entertaining her, and that was all she cared about. It wasn't hurting anybody to write it. Well, maybe her computer, as it sometimes seemed to freeze up and have fits at some points. The biggest aggravation was when it had went down right in the middle of the mountain scene-thing. And when she had got it back up again, it had mysteriously jumped right to Moria. Stupid computer. Kathy was suddenly jarred from her thoughts by two pointy elbows catching her in either side. "It's starting, it's starting!" Sarah and Audrey screeched softly in unison. As the first image containing great snow-covered mountains appeared, she leaned to either side of her and whispered, "Okay, you guys are in. You can be in my story." After all, Kathy told herself, it couldn't hurt anything, and it might add more interest to the fic. Smiling satisfactorily to herself, she settled back into her seat to absorb the great thing that was "The Lord of the Rings." ~*~ "Hold her . . . !" "I am having enough trouble with him, Aragorn," Gimli's voice snarled. "Do not move, stranger, or I will make sure your head parts company with your body." A red-hot poker seemed to be sticking Katie in the side as consciousness reluctantly returned. Her eyes snapped open and she tried to scream, only to discover that she was holding her breath and thus managed only a gasping croak. There was somebody in a green tunic above her blocking her vision, and their firm hands were pressing her upper arms securely to the ground. "Aragorn, she wakes," Legolas, owner of the green tunic announced calmly, as if he held wounded people down in the middle of Uruk-Hai covered clearings every day. "Do not let her move," the man said distractedly as he mixed a concoction of herbs together and ruthlessly purged the wound. Katie drew back at the pain and tried to twist to the side, her voice still refusing to come to her, though she had more than a few choice words to say to Aragorn. A weight had settled on her legs, however, and any movement seemed impossible. "Katie?" A familiar voice demanded. "Katie, are you okay?" Brian. He was back. Her little session with Meriweather and her subsequent triumph had restored him to Middle-earth. {Well, of course it did. Meriweather's the main character, after all. She controls everything, since she's the author's main point of concentration. Therefore you command Brian's coming and going to Middle-earth. Neat, huh?} Her voice sounded rather proud of itself. {That wasn't precisely the word I was going to use.} Katie tried again to force air into her lungs, and as the herbs Aragorn used dulled the agony, she ground out to Brian, "So to speak. I'm kinda wishing for a gigantic shot of morphine." "Sit her up." Aragorn's command interrupted the conversation. Legolas eased his grip and assisted Katie in attaining a somewhat upright position as the man wrapped a bandage tightly around her midsection. Katie saw that it was Gimli who was holding her legs down, simply by sitting on them, while keeping Brian at axe-point. Brian looked as if he had been snatched from the middle of duty, dressed in his Navy uniform, his white sailor hat slightly askew on his head. She offered him a small smile, and he relaxed almost imperceptibly. "Drink this," Aragorn said, handing Katie a small skin. She eyed it suspiciously, remembering the last time he had offered her something to drink. Had it truly been all the way back in Lothlórien? It seemed like such a small time had passed. Aragorn's gaze was grim, and Katie detected no trace of merriment. Indeed, the world seemed devoid of any happiness at the moment. She downed the contents of the skin obediently, managing not to spew the foul draught anywhere. "Now we must tend the fallen," Legolas said, rising to his feet. His eyes flickered to the body of Boromir. "We cannot leave him lying like carrion among these foul Orcs." Aragorn nodded to Gimli, who grudgingly got up and lowered his axe. "But we must be swift, if there is hope that any of our Company are living prisoners." He cocked a leery eye at the strangely-clad young man before him. "You are Temnaur?" Brian straightened. "I'm Brian. Katie's . . ." "Suitor," Katie put in as he fished for a Middle-earth equivalent word to 'boyfriend.' "But you're correct: he was Temnaur. Now he is free, just as I am." She fell silent, struggling slowly to a standing position, eyeing the carnage with the manner of a person who has survived something they had not expected to. Aragorn and Legolas had moved off together, discussing possibilities of how to dispose of Boromir's body in a manner that would befit a man of Gondor. "We will send him to the Falls of Rauros and give him to Anduin. The River of Gondor will take care at least that no evil creature dishonors his bones," Aragorn said at last. The three remaining Fellowship members set about gathering the weapons of the orcs together, that they might be added to the boat bearing their comrade's body. Aragorn discovered the swords of Merry and Pippin, resolving to all who would hear that he would return them if the hobbits still lived. Katie and Brian watched them from aside, feeling that they had no right to intrude upon the story as it unfolded before them. It was only when Aragorn called for Brian to help bear Boromir's bier that either of them moved. The king of Gondor remained standing alone as Legolas and Gimli fetched the boats of Lórien at Parth Galen, reporting that the third was gone, confirming Katie's statement that Frodo and Sam had indeed departed. Sorrow hung heavy in the air and it was with quiet ceremony and honor that the funeral boat was prepared. Katie and Brian watched from the shore as the three drew it into open water, casting it free at last. Mist rose from the swelling water, reaching for the peaceful figure of Boromir as the boat faded into the distance. Two tears slipped hesitantly down the girl's face as she watched, but Katie couldn't bring herself to say goodbye. Brian silently put an arm around her shoulders, and as he did, strains of a song floated to them. Aragorn and Legolas sang for Boromir, a haunting yet strong melody. The notes faded on the winds as the boat slowly returned to where the two strangers were standing, awaiting direction. "Why has he been brought here?" Aragorn asked without preamble, addressing his question to Katie. "Because the evil that controls us wills it," she replied evenly. "He's another captive, just like me. He--" "I can speak for myself," Brian interrupted. "Katie's been missing for two weeks in our world, Aragorn. And now I know where she is, but not why. It can't be anything you guys have done, but I'm looking for answers." "We cannot