THIS IS MY ENTRY FOR THE CONTEST BEYOND THE BEDROOM! PLEASE TAKE NOTE! AN: Hi! So, I've not fallen off the face of the earth, I've just been busy these last few weeks. So, this was my piece for a contest. Beyond the Bedroom. Contest is now over, so I thought I would post it. It didn't win, but I had massive fun writing it! It's not been beta'd by Laura as it had to be all hush hush. But it has been beta'd. Okay, so, some warnings, so no bitching people' is a poly/slash. It also contains blood play. If that is not your thing, then move along. 18 and over only. You have been warned. For those that want to give this a chance and think "why not", then thank you and enjoy. "Don't be scared," I heard him purr as I approached the door. "It'll be the best experience of your life." A whimpering sob filtered through the air, seconds before I heard the unmistakable sound of fabric ripping and button's hitting the floor. A hum of delight left him as I heard their heart rate increase, pumping a delicious fragrance of their life source around the playroom they were currently in, and the corridor I now stood in. Grasping the door handle, a shiver ran through me as excitement began to race its way through my body at the thought of what I would find behind the door. "Please," I heard the girl plead. 'A woman?' The thought shocked me slightly, he didn't normally pick a female to partake in our games. No, he was picky, and as a whole, he enjoyed the pleas and begs for mercy, but he hated hearing a woman sniffle and cry. She must have caught his attention somehow, maybe the smell of her blood? It was delightful, even from behind the door, I could smell her. Smell the essence of her life force, sweet and rich. A low growl escaped my lips at the thought of how delightful this girl would actually taste. If the blood smelled this good, it was bound to taste even better. "Shh," I heard him, no doubt moving closer to her. "Jay will be with us any second, and then the fun can begin." Opening the door, I saw them. The young girl's eyes grew wide as she saw me standing there in the doorway. Caius's face already buried in her neck, his lips slowly working up and down the soft, creamy skin; creating just enough pressure on her pulsating vein to coax her into pleasure. Before the girl could even register the movement, I was in front of her. One hand slipping through the torn blouse on the young girl, and running my fingertips up her spine, while the other circled Caius. Running the tip of my nose up her neck, I breathed in deeply, a hiss of satisfaction leaving me as her smell invaded my senses. I had thought she smelled good outside, but now, being so close to her blood; seeing it running through her veins, was a pleasure I wasn't expecting. "Starting without me?" I mused, pulling the blouse off her shoulders and down her arms. "Delightful." The girl gasped; fear mingled in with lust left her as Caius's thumbnail ran over her nipple through the lace bra, as he continued to work on her pulse point with his lips. Her head dropped over to the side, baring her neck to him. Caius growled gently, his teeth scraping her skin at her show of submission. "Relax, darlin'," I whispered in her ear, encouraging her lust slightly by allowing her to feel mine and Caius's. "Lie on the futon." Caius smirked, his eyes falling on me as the girl moved and positioned herself on the futon. Propping herself up on her elbows, I winked at her before crashing my lips against Caius's. As our lips met, his tongue thrust into my mouth, brushing delightfully against mine as I moaned into his mouth. His fingers tangled in my hair, tugging it in between his long fingers painfully, making me growl as my hands wandered down to his pert, perfect ass. Digging my fingers into his ass cheeks, I pulled his hips roughly against mine, feeling his hard cock straining against the fabric of his trousers. The girl made a whimpering sound, bringing our attention back to her as my lips attacked my mate's neck. An ache began to grow in my teeth at the thought of sinking my fangs into hot flesh. Her hot flesh. "I think our guest is realising this might not be a bad experience for her after all," Caius purred, grabbing the hem of my t-shirt and pulling it up. "What's your name?" He asked as his hands danced down my chest. "Bella," the girl almost panted out breathlessly as I tore the shirt off Caius, exposing his chest. I felt her lust spike as she watched us, no doubt enjoying what she saw. Though I couldn't blame her, Caius was a fine specimen of a man, completely well defined and muscular without being overly muscular, unlike some. He was lean and deadly, with a perfect ass to fuck. Moving behind Caius, I rested my chin on his shoulder while my hands trailed down his chest, working my way past his belly button and following the fine hairs of his happy trail to the waistband of his trousers. Again, I felt Bella's lust spike as my fingers snapped open his belt. "Well, Bella," Caius purred, "Are you up for some fun?" Sinking my fangs into Caius's shoulder, he hissed at me as his blood filled my mouth. Purring at his taste, I pulled away, but didn't close the holes; allowing his rich, thick blood to run slowly down from his shoulder and down his chest. "What are you?" Bella whispered, her panic beginning to take over her lust. Increasing my flow of lust into the room, I ran two of my fingers up his chest, collecting the red liquid that slowly began to make a path down his pale, white skin. Moving towards Bella, I knelt on the futon, bringing my blood covered fingers to her lips. "Vampire's," Caius answered, his eyes fixated on my fingers as they ran across Bella's plump, hot lips. "I'm Caius, and that's Jasper." "Lick your lips and taste his blood, Bella." I purred at her, still spreading his blood over her lips. Hesitantly, Bella pink tongue slipped out and swept across her lips. A soft hum of pleasure left her as she tasted his blood. Her hot tongue brushed my fingers before she sucked them into her mouth. "Tastes good, doesn't he?" I purred as I felt the futon dip. Pulling my fingers out of Bella's mouth, her eyes flickered between me and Caius before they rested on his blood that was still slowly creeping down his chest. Smirking, I felt her embarrassment as she nodded her head at my question; watching as her eyes followed a rolling droplet of blood run down his abs. "Don't be embarrassed," Caius murmured, his eyes darkening as he moved forward and popped the button on her jeans. "I'm looking forward to tasting your blood." Caius bent his head and began trailing wet, open mouthed kisses across her stomach as he slowly began to pull the zipper of her jeans down. "Relax," I purred in her ear, seeing her body tense slightly. "Just feel." With that, I brushed her hair away from her creamy neck and attacked it with my lips. Sucking on her pulse point, my fingers trailed down the swell of her breasts, stopping at the centre of her bra. One quick tug and the item was removed. Scraping my fangs across her throat, Bella moaned as she collapsed back on the futon. Her back arching, thrusting her breasts upwards, as my fingers played with her nipple. Rolling the hardening bud between my thumb and index finger, before pinching it slightly, enticing a deep, throaty moan from Bella. My lips trailed down her neck towards her breasts, nipping, sucking and kissing her skin as I made my descent towards her nipples. Out the corner of my eye, I could see Caius inching her jeans down, revealing her very bare pussy. I saw Caius's nostrils flare as he smelt her arousal. A deep growl left his lips as he sat back on his heels and pulled her jeans completely off; leaving her completely and utterly naked in front of us. "No panties?" Caius's lust filled voice asked huskily. "Shame, I was looking forward to ripping them off with my teeth." Bella shivered as he spoke, her anticipation doubling up as Caius moved on the futon to the other side of her. Leaning over her, his lips met mine in a deep, opened mouthed kiss as his fingers tangled in my hair. Caius tugged sharply on my hair as his lips left mine, pulling my head to the side to expose my neck. His fangs suddenly sank into my neck, causing me to moan as I felt them sink deeper into my flesh, opening it up a little more before releasing me. Sitting back on my heels, I felt the cool trail of blood begin to run down my chest, as Caius moved closer to Bella. His blood covered lips touched hers, seconds before he thrust his tongue into her mouth, allowing her to taste my blood on his tongue. A hiss left me at the site of my mate shoving his tongue into Bella's mouth; feeling the pleasure it brought, caused me to become painfully hard. Bella moaned into his mouth, her hands reaching up and tangling themselves into his silken blonde locks, using him to pull herself up and closer to him. "Lick the blood off his chest, Bella," he purred against her lips, before pulling back slightly and breathing in her ear. "All the way down." Lying back on the futon, I watched Bella slowly rise to her knees before she bent her head forward and carefully poked her tongue out. A hiss left me as I felt her hot wet tongue, slowly work its way across my collar bone. Her movements were slow, unsure of herself, though I knew she was enjoying it. Her emotions were crazy, a heavy dose of lust continued coming from her, though, I knew she felt slightly alarmed that she was enjoying licking the blood off of me. Giving her a little boost of confidence, Bella's actions started to become bolder. Her lips soon joined her tongue, lapping, kissing and sucking the blood off my skin. A low moan left Bella, her breath fanning across my chest as I watched Caius move behind her and push a long, skilled finger into her hot pussy. Bella's lips began to move lower down my body, ghosting over the hard planes of my chest. As she reached my nipple, she scraped her teeth over the hardened bud, as her hand glided over my denim covered cock. "Down, Bella," Caius murmured in her ear, his fingers working her pussy, making her moan and push back against them. "I wanna see you suck my blood off Jay's cock." A loud moan, almost a growl, left Bella, as her fingers suddenly became frantic, trying to undo my jeans. The smell of her arousal hit the air hard, causing both me and Caius to hiss at the smell. It seemed that little Bella had a dark side. "You like the idea of that?" Caius asked as his nostrils flared once more. "Yes," she breathed, finally managing to pull the zipper down. Lifting my hips up, Bella yanked my jeans down, freeing my cock from the straining confinements of my jeans. Bella's tongue peaked out, licking her lips, before her hot tongue ran up the length of my cock, and sucked the tip into her mouth. The heat, the wetness of her mouth engulfing me, almost