AN: Not mine! It's slash you've been warned! EPOV "...If I so much as see you looking where you shouldn't, I'll have your fucking eyes out." The voice screamed as I walked into a light, bright and very roomy office. Miss Stanley looked at me and gave me a weak smile, clearly she hadn't expected this either. The door over to the side kicked open and a man who was soaking wet and bleeding got pushed out. I was a little shocked at the scene unfolding in front of me. Jasper Whitlock's face emerged from behind the other man his face murderous as he proceeded to hit the guy in the back of the head. "Get out, and don't be seen again. Do I make myself clear?" He demanded, full of authority. "Ye...Yes boss." Said the man who was now missing a few teeth. He quickly walked out the room being sure to close the door behind him. Jasper Whitlock straightened his black suit jacket fastening the button and looking at Miss Stanley. "Mr. Whitlock, this is Mr. Hale. Your appointment is at 3pm." Her voice shook slightly as she spoke. Jasper Whitlock nodded excusing her from the room and looking at me. The murderous look on his face had disappeared. His deep blue eyes lightened as he looked at me. He pushed his golden curls off his face. I had seen pictures of him, and watched footage, but I had no idea just how striking he was in person. Tall, lean and tanned, wearing a very expensive and well fitted suit that only showed off just how lean he was. Dimples dawned his cheeks as he smiled and made his way to me. Full, pink lips that were slightly parted showing a perfect set of white teeth made my jeans become a little bit tighter. "Mr. Hale, nice to met you. My humble apologies for what you just witnessed. Unfortunately, he has been playing around on my sister. Big brotherly love and all that." He held his hand out for me to shake. Shaking his hand in a firm handshake, I felt the warmth of his skin invade mine and course through my body. "Jasper Whitlock, please take a seat. Would you like a drink? I'm sure Miss Stanley can arrange one." "No, thank you. I'm fine." Letting go of his hand, the hairs on the back of my neck stood up on end. It wasn't a nervous or scared feeling that caused this, it was the fact that I couldn't take my eyes off him and that wasn't in my plan. "So, Mr. Hale, do you have a first name?" He asked while leaning back on the large, high, black leather chair and smiling. "Mason, Mason Hale." The tip of his tongue poked through his teeth as his eyes lit up slightly. "You mind if I call you Mason?" He asked while pulling out a small brown file from the desk drawer. "Not at all, Mr. Whitlock." He smirked at me as he opened the file up and looked over the papers while pulling his plump bottom lip in between his teeth. "Please, call me Jasper. Mr Whitlock makes me sound old. So, Mason, I see this isn't your first job working as a bouncer. Your past employers have given you great reviews and have been sad to see you leave." He looked up at me through his long lashes. "Martial Arts training as well. I can see why they didn't want to see you leave." "I'm happy to hear my reviews are good." I relaxed back in the chair and placed my left ankle on my right knee. "They are more then good, Mason. I think you would be a handy little asset to my company. Let's get down to business, shall we? You'll be required to work four out of seven nights rotating on a shift pattern, working the doors and the floor, keeping an eye out for any trouble and the removal of any pests that appear. You may be required to work extra shifts which means, if that is to happen, that your pay is double for the extra work. Working the VIP area from time to time is a possibility and you may be asked to work private functions that may take place." He took out a piece of paper and closed the file. "A three month trial is imposed, and you will be monitored throughout. But going by your records, you know just what you're doing so I will save myself some time and energy by skipping the rest of what the job entails. Any questions so far?" "Your rule on carrying?" "There is a metal detector at the doors. If anyone is caught carrying you will be required to remove the weapon. The club is clean at all times. No weapons and no drugs, unless of course I brought them in." He smirked. "I am joking. You'll find out that most people who come here don't carry. The ones that have done so in the past didn't like the punishment. So, shall I show you the club?" "Please, it would be nice to get a feel of the place if I end up working here." I watched as Jasper opened the desk drawer again and pulled out a set of keys before closing it and standing up. Walking around the desk, his eyes looked me up and down as though he was weighing me up. "Well going on just your reviews, I'm offering you the trial. Let's continue this down in the club and we can discuss pay." Following him out the room, he continued to tell me about the running of the club. "There are six bouncers working the club floor, six in the VIP area and two on the door. That's more or less what we have on a daily basis, though as I said before sometimes that will change. You'll of course be hooked up to everyone else with a simple earphone and mic. They are not toys. Please don't be rating the current blonde haired girl wearing very little over them." "Wouldn't dream of it." He snickered and looked at me questioningly for a second before brushing it off and unlocking the large main doors into the club. The club was dark and only lit by the white low lights that came from the fridges behind the bar. The soft humming sound was one of only two things I could hear. The other was Jasper's shoes as he walked across the floor and opened a panel to turn the lights on. The main lighting came on showing me the full look of the club. The main dance floor ran in a large circle that had a step all the way around it to the back wall where it flattened out again creating a higher level. The walls were a dark, royal blue and the seating was black leather. The bar itself was a deep grey metal that had a ridge running over it concealing the white lighting under it. The wall behind the bar was all mirrored with shelves of glass holding a large array of alcohol and glasses. "Looks pretty crappy under the main lighting doesn't it? It's funny, you never see inside a club when it looks like this. It's always when it's dark and the different lighting is on. The music is bouncing off the walls and sweaty bodies are blocking your path. Drink?" He asked walking behind the bar and picking up two glasses. Getting the feeling that I wasn't being asked more than told, I nodded my head and looked around the room. "Excellent! I hate drinking alone." He smirked and pulled out a bottle of Linlithgow. "Linlithgow?" I asked. He smiled and nodded his head while dropping two cubes of ice in the small tumblers before pouring out a shot. "It is, you know it? It's one of my favorites though no one, and I mean no one, touches this bottle. My father once told me that a gentleman, one who is well educated in this world, would know the difference between the run of mill and the real deal when it came to whiskey." He walked behind the bar and handed me the glass. "Well I know the odd few, if that helps. I have been meaning to ask, I had to hand in everything at the door emptying all my pockets and being searched, is that a necessity?" I watched him sit down on the high bar stool and pull a packet of smokes out of his pocket. Lighting up, he took a long, deep burn before blowing the smoke out. "Yes. You see Mason, I pride myself on security here. I do not know you which means I don't trust you. It's a simple rule that applies to everyone that works here. I can assure you that nothing will be touched and everything will be returned to you when you leave. I'm sure that it won't be a problem, will it?" He asked whilst flicking his ash in the ash tray. "Not at all, I just wondered. When does my trial start?" Jasper smiled at me. It was hard to believe that this man was one of the world's most dangerous men. He came across as a well educated businessman, not a killer. "Would tomorrow night be okay? Arrive here about six. I won't be here, but my right hand man will be. Peter will give you your uniform. Just be sure to wear a pair of black trousers and shoes, never trainers. He'll fill you in on what you will be doing. If that's okay, why don't you come sit down and we'll talk money." Jumping up onto the stool next to him, I looked around the room again remembering where all the doors and CCTV cameras were. "So, wages? How much and how do I get paid? Weekly? Monthly?" I asked before finishing off my drink. "Basic set of fourteen euro an hour. You get paid weekly, and it's normally cash in hand come the end of the week. If you prefer to be paid into a bank account, that can be arranged. No drinking when working but you are, however, free to help yourself to as many soft drinks as you like while working. When your shift ends, you can can drink beer for free. Anything other then that, you pay for it. Your length of shift determines your breaks, but you will find that it's fair." He stubbed out his smoke and got off the chair. "I'm afraid I have to go. I have another appointment elsewhere, please excuse me. If you have any questions, Peter will be more than happy to answer them. Welcome to the team." He shook my hand again. "Miss Stanley will have your things waiting for you outside the door. It was nice to meet you, Mason." "You too, and thank you." I said before walking back across the dance floor feeling his eyes on me as I reached the door. Looking over my shoulder, I saw Jasper smile and wave at me before I walked out. Collecting my things form the front desk, I made my way towards my apartment. Jasper Whitlock had not been what I was expecting to see when I walked in there today. This man was billed as one of the worst most dangerous mob bosses, and had been on MI6's watch list for some time. I had expected someone more brash, a little intimidating with little to no manners at all. What I got, however, was a well spoken, professional businessman who didn't seem to have the look of a mob boss. Though I knew that the Jasper Whitlock I had just met was an act for business reasons, I had to wonder just how the hell he had fallen into that world. Getting back into my apartment, I made my way into