Trying something a little different for the fun of it. This is a response to a DZ2 challenge called 'Harry's Fall'. It won't be on any particular update schedule and will feature super/op-Harry norms and other such guidelines. It was an accident. An extraordinary accident, but one nonetheless. It would be the accident that cost him everything , so that he could gain something more than what he'd been initially promised. It was unusual, abrupt, and sudden. Nearly unrealistic, a ripple in time, and yet it happened all the same. At a grand ol' twelve years of age he'd managed to have it, this… unfortunate circumstance, the subconscious unveiling of his magic. He'd needed a plate, something to slide the latest sizzling and greasy slice of bacon he'd just finished for the family that owned so much while he gained so little. He'd reached over, barely paying attention-for his aunt did not care for burnt bacon and he did not care for a ravaged backside-but knowing through muscle memory alone where his stack of plates was kept, always kept. Yet, the cool form of the plate hit his fingertips before the assumed period and he jerked his head up just in time to hear the loud vicious scrapping of a chair behind him while his mind tried to catch up on the wonder of magic-his magic-that had acted beyond his intention. The magic that had wordlessly, wandlessly , pulled the plate into his small and quite fragile hand. In another household, this miraculous act would have been celebrated. Certainly, noted in some book, in some dusty corner, this was an aspect of development very rarely expressed yet cherished. It was a symbol of budding power, something absolute and not yet completely managed, but certainly wanted. But, Harry had never been wanted . So, it's no surprise to him when agony blossoms across his cheek. It's no further surprise when his nerves cry out, twisting and churning along his form as meaty fists with adult-fashioned power swing up and down and up and down. He can't follow the blows, not this time, for the pain is a massive heat, a whipping heady pound that consumes his thoughts and brings him to scream- He doesn't beg though, not this time, because he knows begging doesn't work. His wordless anguish is involuntary, his uncle doesn't like the noise, but he doesn't know what else to do because everything hurts so very much. But eventually it stops, it stops right when his voice stops, when his throat is to dry and scratchy to screech and his lungs struggle and twist within his chest. Something is broken, he's not a stranger to this concept, to the idea of being shattered, he just doesn't know what he's lost, what aches the most. He's a child after all, a wizard but still a child, lacking the increased magical presence that normally infused most pure-blooded children and gave them their leaping ticks in intellect. Is it his wrist that's broken? Or a specific bone in his pelvis? He just isn't sure, but the pain from his adventure last term is nothing compared to the agony that follows another harsh wheeze. But, what had stopped him? Harry isn't sure, but there's a feminine blur before his blotchy gaze, one who whispers panic and disbelief while another voice behind him has been silenced. He doesn't understand why, his pain had always given his cousin great pleasure, but there's a straining question in Dudley's tone that is concerning. Yes, Harry should be concerned, concerned at the amount of red that pools beneath him, concerned by the rattle in his head, by the static in his ears that muffle a harshly spat sentence from his uncle and turn his aunt's words into shrieks of terror. Then he's moving, dragged across the kitchen floor, past the dining room table, and into the foyer. Harry knows where he's going, where he's always gone, and he knows that the fact he can't feel the tug and pull of muscle as his arm strains to drag his weight along is a problem. But the darkness beckons and all too soon he is thrown into his cupboard to embrace the solace of the space under the stairs. Dimness claims him shortly after that. However, it doesn't keep him. The emptiness, the numbness, this eternal… nothing is short lived. There's a sudden brilliance, a great crack of light that envelops the space before his slumbering consciousness. Soon, there is less floating , less dreamy disconnection. Soon he is something, someone. Harry Potter , instead of the broken heavy body that he'd occupied, yet the light does not end, does not fade. Instead, he feels as if he's… burning, as if some constant thud and throb is sliding down from the scar on his forehead and oozing out from behind his eyes. His opens his mouth-or what would claim to be his mouth-but he makes no sound… instead, that something dabs lightly at the brilliance, curious as it slips from beyond his tongue. Then it's wild, a thing that flattens and consumes until it's able to crawl across the what might have accounted for ground space around his bare feet. Ah, everything, in fact, is bare not just his feet. He can see that now. He's the only thing, pale among the darkness that he expels from his person. Yet, once it's out-and there is a great deal to come out-the space before him warps and shifts until he's not just among an empty metaphysical space. The darkness has manifested so much more. There are darker clusters-trees, Harry suspects-and twisting grass, pushed in a breeze he cannot feel against his flesh. But he wriggles his toes, a childish habit, and can feel the tickle of its existence. A forest is drawn before him, ominous in presence, until darker pockets become lighter grays and more distinguished shapes. It's like viewing the world through an old-fashioned television, he remembers the way the dark patterns moved on classic movies, when he'd been allowed to watch such things. Long long long ago, before he'd understood what freak and magic meant. And yet, it's not the twisting forest, still manifesting in a world of blacks and grays, that has his attention. It's the wispy figure before him, grotesque in design and phantom like in form. It's a gaunt and hollow creature, a twisted manifestation of human and inhumane and it takes Harry some time to realize that this is not another piece of the world. In fact, it takes him some time to even recognize the thing as anything other than a collection of hideous shapes. It's not the half human face, with hanging jaw opened in fury, nor the hook-like fingers that shift in the breeze he cannot feel that gives him this clue, but it's the… It's the power that flows from its being that makes Harry tremble. It's the cold curl that trails down his spine, the oppressive chill that invades his lungs. He's suffocating, overwhelmed by the heady weight of it, burdened in such a way that he cannot move, as if struck frozen. Yet beyond that, beyond the confusion and the primitive order to flee that rattles across his mentality like some trapped wild thought there's an instant and powerful pull of familiarity. He knows this force, this magic. His teeth chatter together when he gargles the name, and yet his gaze does not waver. " Voldemort. " The creature laughed, the sound is inconceivable, like nails shaken in a metal cup, like a sack of bones clattering on wood. Yet, when he speaks-no, Harry thinks, when He speaks-it's a sibilant harmony that echoes, soft and musical, "Yes, Potter, it is I." Then it moves and Harry is stuck, paused in time. Only his lips are free as his eyes burn but the actual need to blink escapes him, "Why?" Harry is bewildered. He thinks less and less of pushing the creature-this wraith-away and more of how he's here and the reasoning behind it. "Why not?" There's a pause in conversation but Harry is no longer terrified, not even when Voldemort is before him, blocking his immediate vision. An alien urge rises, one he hadn't felt last term, one that Voldemort wouldn't have inspired trapped on the back of his professor's head. It's the urge to bow, the need to surrender, to worship. Harry reached for his courage and it is not there. So, he reached for his fear, but it slumbers. Then he realized he's curious, only curious… how very Ravenclaw of him. So, he asked, "Have you come to kill me?" And in return, Voldemort said, with just a bit amusement to color His phrase, "Are you ready to die?" It's an odd conversation to have for sure, even odder for a child to initiate, but was that not what he'd been told, time and time again? That he was more than just the average child? That he was the Chosen One? The-Boy-Who-Lived? That within him he held the power to vanquish and destroy and yet he spent the more mundane portions of his existence playing slave. It's disconcerting, how weary he feels, how utterly weak in the face of his enemy… but he is tired and not quite prepared to spend the rest of his days floating in terror and pain. "I'm not very sure," He's honest with his answer, "I'd like to survive." The wraith tilted His head, "I came to kill you." But 'came' is a past tense verb, "But I am curious, as curious as you are, about certain things." Harry doesn't have a choice but to continue the conversation. He could beg and scream. He could attempt to end whatever this currently was, but he doesn't bother. This is a break from the pain in his body and he will take what he currently can, no matter what he would have perceived to be the best action. This is the right action. He doesn't speak, Voldemort will ask His questions, if He has any, when He's good and ready. "You see," He purrs, or is that more of a hiss, "you are dying, so there is no need to expend the energy I have to destroy you." Harry's slight frown is the only proof that he's disturbed by that fact. "The Muggles," Voldemort spat, "have done enough to ensure that." Harry can only nod, he knew something was broken, just not the extent of what. "I was not aware that my equal was so… terribly vulnerable. Does Albus not care?" It takes Harry a moment to realize that Voldemort, now introspective, is talking about the Headmaster. "I'm here for my own safety." His naivety is more like stupidity, he is not safe here and Voldemort's laugh confirms such. "Do you know how I'm here?" Harry's answer is a quick empty 'no'. "It's because there is no protection here. I can feel the stirrings of olde magic-a blood ward perhaps? And yet…" Here Voldemort paused to slowly lift His arm, the robes of darkness that covered His form falling back to display skeletal hands and those wickedly gleaming fingertips, one of which He pressed to the very center of Harry's head. 'Here. I. Am." A trail of red blossomed from the touch, but it soon faded to colorless gray, dividing Harry's face with its presence as it trickled down past his nose. "I don't… understand?" The very tip of that finger presses deeper but the pain Harry expects never comes. "I'm saying, Mr. Potter, that something, once upon a time, existed here to protect you and yet I can feel it has shattered… worthless. "For you see, blood magic, especially older magicks, are finicky and dare I say sentient. They make the rules, as wild as they are. They determine what is allowed and what isn't. Something here… ah yes, yes, I can hear the whispers, something here kept you safe from the