"Do you really suppose that's appropriate?" The first time she heard his voice it was through the thick sliding door of a Hogwarts Express compartment. Though muffled it was still somewhat sharp, barely slurred by the lazy drawl in which it'd been delivered. "This behavior. These words?" It wasn't her original intention to put her ear to the door, but she was drawn toward the speech, toward the inflection and the overtly done innocence barely covering what she hoped to be an obvious intellect. At her side stood another boy, ordinary and droll, awkward as he grew into his own body and sense of self-with face barely dry from a few shed tears. He'd lost something, her mind whispered. She was supposed to help him find it. She grunted and waved him away while she mouthed ' Just a moment if you would.' Her curiosity held her captive, for now. "I think I'd enjoy being friends with the both of you, if I were honest-" "Harry-" "-Potter!" Two voices, just as adolescent as the first and yet lacking the careful refinement of the former whined in affronted desperation. Her lips twitched, she snorted. That was something she didn't miss from primary school. "Weasley, Malfoy," The voice groaned, "Let me finish?" There's silence in the compartment for just a moment and during that time she is hard-pressed to hold her breath. The hallways aren't as full as they were but a few moments prior. They would no doubt begin their journey soon and she had yet to find a proper seat. Perhaps… in there? No, not yet. She had to help the other boy, Longbottom, wasn't it? With his silly frog. What a bother- But she was helpful, incredibly helpful. She had to show them she had some use here. The first voice continued-Potter, The Harry Potter, Hermione presumed with excited elation, "You've both said some nasty things, and I've just come from a nasty place. So… I don't want to be friends with nasty people." The third voice, the one decidedly not 'Weasley', croaked, "I assure you I am not nasty." Weasley, seemed to be of a different opinion. "Says the boy with the wicked family. Bet you'll be another Slytherin, I do! Nothing but the worst sort of folk come from Slytherin, it's true." There's another bout of silence while Hermione imaged the 'Slytherin' as red-faced and offended. "That's the sort of thing I'm talking about, Ronald ." Potter divulged, all exasperation and very little patience. "Nothing but the worst sort of folk come from Slytherin? That's a broad generalization." "But it's true," Ronald was quick to retort, "My Father said so. He said nothing but Death Eaters, each and every one of 'em. All very Dark , like the sort that killed your family. Malfoy here, his father was the worst of 'em. Real trash, I bet, just like all Sly-" There's a sudden sound of movement in the compartment, a squeal and a sort of wild strained screech of-"How dare you!" Longbottom, the boy from before, wailed down the hall. Darnit- She quickly turns to leave, her mind a whirlwind of curiosity and confusion. "I'm coming, I'm coming." o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o The next time she hears his voice is when they are in line to be sorted. It's an overwhelming and rather exciting affair, and she can't keep the thunderous pound of her heart from buzzing about the inside of her head. He's asking a question of some sort, his voice a slight roll of idle curiosity, but his gaze lacks the wonder reflected in her own. How very peculiar. She hadn't had a chance to meet the Potter boy in his compartment. Her time had been eaten away by Longbottom and his toad-which, had been thankfully found but the tedium of the search had been… less than pleasant. She had no idea what had happened between them, only that a red-haired boy looked pouty and cowed at his side and oblivious to most of what was being said by his companion. Rude. She turned, just slightly, to rattle off a fact in their direction and while the redhead rolled his eyes he took the chance to look toward her with a curious tilt of head and wrinkled nose. The look in his eyes was… off. The boy-Potter, she reminded herself-inspected her more like she was a piece of meat, instead of a potential fountain of knowledge, which she certainly was the latter. Inwardly, within some recess of her mind, she hoped he found her acceptable. Friendship was a difficult concept for her, she hadn't acquired a collective before the reveal of her magic. Maybe- "Hermione Granger." Ah, never mind that. There were other things on her mind than the spiraling green of Potter's gaze or the intensity that dwelled within them. So, suppressing her shiver she stepped up to the Hat, already determined on the house where she should be placed. This year would be different, she would be brave- She hoped. o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o Whispers, they followed her. Swot, they called her. A know-it-all. Insufferable. What was so wrong with that? With wanting to understand? With gathering the needed knowledge necessary for success? Sure, she had a few convenient though ultimately useless facts rattling about her brain but everything else she had ever offered up had been decidedly helpful, right? Well, certainly no one else within her year was as brilliant as she was, helpful as she was. The teachers could see that, couldn't they? With each wave of her hand she took great care to express an eagerness to please. These people, these witches and wizards, her peers, they could respect that. Yes? Yes. Certainly, if they couldn't respect her , they could at least respect that. "Granger." She stopped, books clutched tightly against her chest, her bottom lip pulled between her two front teeth-goodness, if only she could change that aspect of her person-and turned to glance over her shoulder. She had made sure the hall was empty, if only so she could escape the whispers. "Potter," She croaked, "Malfoy." The boy was always with him, the one with the blonde hair and the easily summoned sneer. He made her… rather uncomfortable, despite his boyish charm and regal airs. It was the way he looked at her, as if she were... Well, filthy. Muddy. He took no care in hiding his disdain, and Potter- Mr. Potter-did nothing to defend her from it. Why was that, exactly? When she'd been so helpful to him? When she sat next to him at the Gryffindor table and helped him correct his homework and understand the majesty that was Hogwarts itself? He didn't seem to mind her company, and he didn't snort and huff like dear Ronald . He didn't say much of anything to be clear. He spoke to Longbottom often enough, and seemed to tolerate Ronald, but he didn't… well, he wouldn't hold a conversation with her. Why was that? Why… "I don't know why you insist on talking to that ." Malfoy drawled, disdain a constant companion in every word. "She's my friend, Draco," Harry said, his tone light and innocent, but his eyes were narrowed. She wasn't certain if this was how one should look at their friend, with the beginnings of twisting shadows and flickering green. But, she was also not the expert on friendships and the books… well, the books weren't a substitute for true practical experience. "It's only proper to greet her, appropriately." He came closer, all smiles and crinkled eyes that reminded her painfully of something beyond her naive rudimentary comprehension. He seemed older, even though, it should have been her that carried such a powerful commanding presence. He gently touched her shoulder, but his grip was painful enough to make her wince. "See you in the common room, Granger." "Yes," Hermione whispered as she watched them both stalk by, Draco with a disinterested snort and Harry with a smile that bordered between friendly and something predatory. "Likewise, Potter." o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o It hurt. Merlin, it hurt. All her hard work, her extensive studying, her attempts at proper social interaction- Worthless. Nothing had changed. Whether she attended the school of her origin or the school of her new beginnings, each child was as vicious as the last. She'd thought that, here at least, she'd become something more . That, here, among those with magic, she could be… What? Better? Just… noticed. Just… something, something other than her mind and inability to...properly interact with those her own age. She thought they'd think her clever, that they'd flock to her genius, but they mocked her in the shadows, hissing cruelty, and spewing discontent. She performed, oh did she perform, like a well-trained dog. She danced to the strings of her professors begging for scraps and trying to overshadow-and that was only a portion of what they'd said. But, she'd done it all in the pursuit of friendship. She wanted it to be different, desperately. She wanted to be different… desperately. Well, she was different. A different sort of intolerable. A bore. A rule-totting insufferable… What was it Malfoy had said? Mudblood. And Potter, Mr. Harry Potter, Boy-Who-Lived, Boy-Who-Smirks, he'd only given her a pat and laughed- "He's right, you know. You're are a bit insufferable. Perhaps you should spend less time, bouncing in that seat, and waving your hand, and more time being a bit self-aware? Inquisitive? No need to brag, is all. We know you're smart." She could barely breath after that, barely think past the statement that swept through her mind with all the malicious intent it had been delivered with. It did no good that Ronald had picked that moment to approach them, after she had turned her back and searched for the strength to control the painful thump of her heart and the rattling squeeze that seemed to pinch her lungs. "I don't get it," He'd snarled, unaware or most likely uncaring that she was there and could hear him clearly, "Don't you think I'd make a better mate than her, of all people? What is it about Granger that you cling to?" She froze with tense shoulders, ignoring the pain that strained her muscles and the burn that spread across her cheeks. "I mean," Ronald continued, no doubt boastful if his tone was any indication, "she can't possibly have any friends beyond you, if what you're doing with her could be called that." And how dare he, really? After she had helped him with his worthless ability. After she had explained, rather carefully-if not a bit arrogantly-the proper pronunciation of a spell that was rudimentary at best? Why was it that others in their house still flocked to him when her magical prowess had been so much better? Potter hummed thoughtfully behind her back, but didn't answer, didn't defend her. She didn't think he would have. So, she'd fled, as if her running from the issue could make it disappear entirely. Yet, in her experience, life didn't work like that. One's suffering followed them wherever they went. Whether it came from Malfoy, with his dark gaze of grey and the storms of his hatred, or Ronald who could barely appreciate the flick and swish of a properly cast spell, she would always be haunted. It was rather disheartening, and she felt entirely too foolish, to swept up in the embarrassment that came with… with wanting something so badly, with wanting to be a part of something bigger than herself. Her fruitless wishes only made her pain all the more unbearable. The heavy ache of her chest made her feel sloppy and overwhelmed. There was nothing for her there, in that tiny stall, where she'd curled into a ball, but her muffled sobs and the fog that swept across her consciousness bringing with it a parade of self-damaging thoughts. It was ruined, all of it, every piece she'd tried to carefully build. All of it, ruined. She was ruined. And… and… Goodness, what