Porn Star Dancing Author: Breath-of-twilight ( KF Goodyear) Rated: M Written for: The Fandoms Fight the Floods. Looked over by Ann- thanks doll for putting up with my OCD ass. Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight or any of the original characters. I just make them do sinful smutty things with each other. The song is not mine, either. Summary: Bella has some serious expenses and a massive tuition. With no surviving parents and no scholarship to fall back on, she gets a job in a place that may not be respectful, but pays the bills. When she gets a new boyfriend, she decides to keep her nightlife on the down-low. That is, until he finds out exactly what she does for a living. BellaPOV "So, when do we get to meet your new guy?" I roll my eyes and glare at her. Rose knows I never want him to know exactly what I do, much less have him come here. I don't like keeping things from him, but I had never outright lied, either. I told him I worked at a bar downtown. I've just never told him what I do there, or what kind of bar it is, either. I really didn't plan on working here much longer anyway. So, I didn't see the point in causing such a strain on a new relationship. Especially, considering I want this new relationship to be a lasting one. I really wouldn't mind so much, introducing him to Rose and Alice and their respective others, but some of the other girls here give a real bad name to the place. I would never be able to argue my way through this one if he ever gets sight of the likes of Lauren or Victoria. "Never. Well, maybe after I'm done here," I bargain with her. Hoping this will placate her. She is one of my best friends, and I don't want her to think I am embarrassed by her. Because I'm not. But I am a little embarrassed of myself, and Edward comes from a very high-class family. He would never understand what it is like for me. With both my parents dead and one hell of a massive tuition, I had to find some way to cover the bills without resorting to selling myself. Working at the Eager Beaver isn't exactly high-end or anything- but it is definitely a few steps up from prostitution. "Don't worry, doll. I understand. If Emmett didn't work here, I don't think I'd want to tell him, either." I smile up at her and squeeze her hand that is resting on my shoulder. She'll never know just how much her support means to me. Alice comes bouncing into the room; her body all covered in sweaty glitter and a huge smile on her face. "Wow, what a crowd tonight. Hope you have your good dancing shoes on, Bells. The kiddies are frisky tonight." I chuckle softly at her pet name for the pervs that come in to our bar. Not all of them are like that, though. We occasionally get a decent man in here, just curious, or dragging along his woman so they can share an 'experience' together. But they were few and far between. Most men that come here come for the show. They come to bond with their buddies and act like they are the shit. Most men are far from 'the shit'. If anything, they are shitheads. "Thanks for the warning, Alice. Is Jasper here, yet?" "Yeah, he's just outside the door waiting for you." I nod my head and grab for my bracelet on the counter. It doesn't really go with my outfit. It doesn't go with any of them, ever, actually. But I wear it so I have a place other than my underwear or bra to slip money into. I slip out the door and smile up at Jasper as he pulls away from the wall with a huge grin on his face. "Aiming for big bucks tonight, I see." I chuckle. "Aren't I always?" He shakes his head and chuckles softly. He knows something is up with me, has known for awhile now. He's too darn intuitive for his own good, and out of all the friends I have made since working at the Eager Beaver, it has been him that has been the hardest to keep my leaving from. "I know you don't want to talk about it, but if you ever need someone, you know you can talk to me, right?" "I do, Jazz. I do. I'm sorry. I...I just need to figure it all out in my own head first, okay?" He wraps his arm around my shoulder and pulls me into his side, "No problem, tiny dancer. Now, go get 'em." And with that, he shoves me in the direction of the stage. I take a deep breath as I hear Mike, our DJ, announce me, and I push the well behaved, goodie-two-shoes Bella to the back of my brain and let loose the tigress-of-sex-appeal and do what I have to do to get the education I believe I deserve. ~∞Ѿ∞~ Pounding, loud pounding, startles me awake, and I groggily try to figure out where the incessant noise is coming from so I can beat the person causing it. My face twists in irritation as I realize it is coming from my apartment door, and as I slide out of my bed, murderous thoughts trying to push through the fog in my head, I fall flat on my face, my legs tangled tightly in my sheets. "Fuck you and your pounding fists. Go the hell away," I scream as I kick at the offending sheets. The pounding resumes just as I manage to right myself, and I stalk towards the door and whip it open, ready to tear some asshole a new one. I am mortified and apologetic the second the door is open, because Edward is standing there, a confused look on his beautiful face, and a bag of something absolutely mouth-watering in his hands. I open my mouth to spit out apologies and plead for him to forgive my rudeness, but my stomach rumbles in pain and hunger, and it seems that is enough of an apology. Edward smiles brightly at me and ambles in through the door, placing a peck on my forehead as he passes me. "Rough night, I assume. Don't apologize, and don't be embarrassed, even the perfect Bella Swan has off moments. I like it, makes you seem more...human." Edward chuckles to himself, obviously finding what he said amusing and I roll my eyes at his silliness; but secretly it is these exact traits that draw me to him so intrinsically. He is imperfectly perfect with his godly looks yet crooked nose, his pouty lips and foul tongue. His angelic face such a drastic contrast with his loose tongue and favoured use of colourful words. God, I think I just might love this man. Those thoughts stop me dead in my tracks, and I blanch as an afterthought, wanting to smack myself for thinking such deep, disturbing things. Edward and I have been dating for just over a month now. There is no way I could be in love with him. It...it just didn't happen that fast. Edward pats the seat beside him on the couch, and I shake my head to clear unwanted lines of thought and sit beside him. His arms instantly wrap around me, and his lips press to mine. They are kind of cold, and he tastes like strawberries, and instantly my hunger has nothing to do with food and more to do with the sexy man sitting next to me. I kiss him roughly, greedily, until he gently pushes me away with a soft chuckle and motions for me to eat. My mind is anywhere but on my food. My eyes watch as Edward's lips lick, chew and part. It is all kinds of messed up, but I am seriously jealous of that cream cheese bagel right now. I swallow a low groan that begins to rise up my throat and stuff a piece of some sort of food into my mouth to distract myself. If I don't, I know I will surely jump this gorgeous specimen of man-meat beside me. I've wanted to take our relationship to the next level for, well, almost the whole time we have been dating, really; but Edward seems old fashioned or something, never pushing me too far or getting lost in the moment. It's kind of sweet, but mostly infuriating, and frustrating as all hell. We put on a movie and waste away our Saturday in a blur of cuddles and kisses, and somehow, without realizing it, we fall asleep. For the second time that day, I was awakened by someone banging down my door. I groan and try to roll over, only to practically smother myself into warm and musky, and... breathing? I shoot up like a firecracker and look down at Edward's sleeping form. We have never slept in each other's arms before, and as much as I am tempted to crawl back onto the small sliver of couch-cushion he has afforded me and curl into his warmth, I don't understand how he could still be sleeping through all of the annoying banging. I stumble in a drunken fashion towards the door and yank it open; my mouth opens to chew up the poor fucker on the other side of the door, but before I can say anything, Alice prances past me and dances into my living room, her eyes immediately falling on Edward's sleeping form. "Is this the delicious man-meat you have been hiding from us, Bella? Damn, I can see why. Hurry up, get dressed, we're going to be late for work." I stare, slack-mouthed, as she sits on the chair beside the couch and creepily watches Edward as he sleeps; and then what she has said clicks in, and I frantically glance at the clock. It is almost six, and I am due at the bar at seven. I sprint towards my bedroom and grapple at whatever clothes I manage to find. I don't need to worry about work clothes. I keep all of my 'outfits' in my locked-up closet at work. Alice, however, does not; and as I walk back into the living room, I find Edward awake and eyeing Alice with curiosity as she jabbers away about a furry cat and something to do with a fork. I panic, seeing them together in the same room, my real world and my work world; and I don't stop before I open my mouth and stammer out, "Come on, Alice. We'd better get going or we'll be late." I'm at the door before she can protest, and hopefully before she can say anything that might give me away. I have a month left at the Eager Beaver. I gave my notice last night. James wasn't too happy to be losing one of his 'best girls,' as he liked to call me, but he took my written notice and shooed me out of his office with a, "You'll be back. They always are," and didn't say so much as boo to me for the rest of the night. "Bella?" Edward's soft voice stops my mad dash, and I turn towards him as I push Alice past me and out the door. "Can I have a kiss before you go? And why is that girl dressed like that to go to work? Who is she, and why haven't I seen her around before?" Fucking Alice and her need to be ready before she even got to work. Somehow, she still always manages to spend yet another hour getting ready after we get there, too. I kiss him, hard. Hoping to distract him while I sort out my head. He pulls back all too soon, and I am too flustered and scared. So, I