With very few minor exceptions the characters are the creation of Stephenie Meyer and belong exclusively to her. Thanks to my niece Shannon Fawr for being my beta reader and for adding all the lovely touches to the tale. Also many thanks to my research assistant, Jonathan Dobson, for all the times he answered my call for just another odd piece of information. High Noon Chapter 1 Peace and love filled the Cullen estate like light throughout the long cold winter night. After weeks of tension the deadly encounter that ultimately resulted in a standoff with the Volturi was finally behind them. The vampire guests who had come from all over the world to witness for them and who had stood with them against the threat of the Volturi had packed their bags and returned to their homes. The Cullen family was free to return to their lives and could, once again, plan for a future. Alice and Jasper had brought back more than a reason for the Volturi to call off their attack. They brought back a vampire/human hybrid – an adult – that was able to give them reassuring information about those like him. Those who loved Nessie Cullen had been concerned about her escalated development. Nessie was a vampire/human hybrid, born of her parents' unique relationship. Thanks to Nahuel they were relieved of their fears that her life might be a short one. Although her maturing process would continue to be rapid, Nessie would have an indefinitely immortal future, like her vampire relatives and her favorite shape shifter, Jacob Black. Her future was now secure. Meanwhile, Nessie slept through the long night, exhausted with relief after the battle, as her parents, Bella and Edward, joyfully discovered a deeper level of communication in their own little stone cottage. For the first time Bella had been able to open her mind to Edward. It was a special gift since her mind, the one he had always most wanted to read, had previously been firmly hidden from him. Bella's gift, a shield that protected her mind from all attacks on it, was almost unknown to her until she prepared for what might have escalated into a battle with the Volturi. Her intense work with the shield had given her a familiarity with it that ultimately taught her its uses and how to control it. Now she could let down her shield for Edward, and he could run into her mind, as full of overwhelming love as when he ran into her arms. As New Year's Eve crossed into New Year's Day their night was filled with magic. In the main house Emmett and Rosalie were wrapped around one another in their room. It was fortunate that none of them generally wore the same clothes twice, judging from the state of the shreds of fabric carelessly thrown along the thick white carpet. Their passion had always been evident and explosive but the close call with death gave a spice and urgency to their lovemaking. Never before had they been in serious danger of losing one another. He held her tight at the end of their first round of lovemaking and groaned, "Oh, God, Rose, I thought for sure we were dead." She placed her finger on his lips, firmly hushing him, "But we're not, Emmett. It's okay." His face was buried in the hollow where her left shoulder joined her neck and she stroked his curly hair. "It's okay. We're okay... a l l of us. I don't know when I've felt more alive…" He rose up enough to look into her golden eyes. "And I love you, Emmett!" She rose up to kiss him passionately and his big body shivered as he threw off his remembered fear and once again gathered Rosalie to him. He wasn't sure he could even let her go when morning came. Alice and Jasper, happy to be home again, cuddled spooned together on their bed. The ice blue down blanket pulled around them both was unnecessary, but comforting. It was good to finally feel that their great quest was over and that they had arrived in time to prevail against their family's enemy. Alice was uncharacteristically quiet and Jasper finally leaned across her and asked, "What do you see?" A smile fleeted across her expressive face as her hand, in response, reached up to cradle his cheek. "Absolutely nothing to worry about for a while." She rose up to kiss her husband. "I love you, Jazz, and I'm so glad to be home! It was even harder than I thought to be gone over the last few weeks. I don't think I could have done it if you hadn't been with me. I couldn't bear to be separated from you ." Jasper rolled onto his back, pulling Alice on top of him. "I missed them all too. In fact, I don't know that I ever want live far from them. And I know I'd never be willin'ly separated from you." He pulled at her gold silk nightshirt suggestively. Alice laughed and threw it off over her head. After all, there was nothing keeping them apart… at least until morning brought the required semblance of humanity. Keeping watch through the night in front of a fire, Dr. Carlisle Cullen and his wife, Esme, snuggled on a sofa. A recording of Edward playing Esme's favorite music could be heard in the background. They watched the yellow flames slowly consume the wood while, with a low crackle, sparks approached the heavens. The terror and the tension it brought with it had receded for the time being, but Carlisle was having difficulty unwinding from the encounter. His family lived a quiet life in small places and bothered no one, not even the local human population with whom they worked and attended school. It was both disturbing and horrifying that they had all been in mortal danger. The Volturi offered no trial and were ready to execute his family on the word of someone who interpreted what she saw incorrectly. Even with the danger past, for the time being, Carlisle knew that the Volturi would seek another pretext for attacking them. That had been apparent in the verbal exchanges of Aro and Caius on the meadow. So he held Esme and sat like a statue as the stress built within him. Esme gently touched his cheek to draw his attention away from his thoughts and he looked into her loving gold eyes. Esme smiled contentedly. "I love to hear Edward play." Carlisle nodded. "He always plays well." He smiled down at her. "Maybe we'll get to hear more of it now." Carlisle's breathing checked as he appreciated her beauty and the love that was always there for him. He thought how close he had come to losing her… to losing everything. Esme shook her head at him, slightly, and said, "Not tonight. You can mull it over more tomorrow." Her arm went around his neck and she pulled his golden head down so that his lips could meet hers. One soft, slow kiss followed another as the good doctor relaxed. Carlisle murmured, "Darling, I think perhaps …" He stopped speaking as a glimmer from the corner of his eye that was not a spark caused him to follow the appearance of a friend in the living room. He touched Esme's shoulder and she nodded to confirm that she also saw Irina. The unusual thing about their friend's visit was that the Volturi had murdered Irina earlier that day and neither had ever seen anyone in spirit form until that night. Never the less, she stood before them, calm and radiant, a shimmer of vision, but clearly there. The room was filled with her presence and even with her scent. It was notable that all the tension and sorrow that was so obvious in the meadow had lifted from her. Startled, Carlisle lifted his eyebrows. The scientist in him leaned forward as though to touch her. Esme, more cautious, held him back. "It's good to see you, Irina," Esme said quietly. "Yes," Carlisle agreed. "But how are we seeing you?" "I don't really know, but I'm so glad you can see me! I went to Denali, wanting to talk with Tanya and Kate, but I couldn't get through to them. So I sought you out here. I would have tried to reach you in any case. I wronged you so badly and I wanted to warn you regarding the future." She looked totally contrite. "How can I expect forgiveness? Or even ask it? I don't know how I could ever have thought that you would create an immortal child. Even if I thought it, I should have come to you and asked what was going on." She looked down at the floor and frowned. "Somehow I got so far away from our old relationship. I regret that. Carlisle… Esme… can you ever forgive me?" "Of course we forgive you," Esme replied warmly. "You are part of our family." Carlisle added. "I can't tell you how much I appreciate the assurance your visit is giving me. So… life goes on…." His face lit up with a serene kind of joy. "Yes," Irina confirmed, smiling. "Our souls are the actual essence of who we are… so of course they are our true immortality. Ironic, isn't it? Vampire bodies are less fragile than human bodies, but still just a transformation, a step away from humanity. They aren't really immortal… hardly the eternal self that always exists." She was clearly excited by these concepts that were new to her, but a disturbing thought fleeted across her face and she switched to another topic. "But that's not what I am here to tell you." She leaned toward them and her voice was earnest, "Do not underestimate the Volturi. This battle is not done and they will not leave things as they are. You will not have true peace. They haven't ruled for so many centuries just to allow a stalemate to stand. Your family is large and your bonds with one another are close. The Volturi feel threatened by that and Aro is more jealous of you than you knew, Carlisle. They will be attacking you. Your shape shifter friends have their attention also. Please warn them. They have been truer to you than I was. Be vigilant. Be aware." She extended her arms lovingly toward her friends. "I love you, but I'm in no hurry to see you on the other side." She was gone as suddenly as she had appeared. Carlisle and Esme looked at one another in silence for a moment. Finally Esme asked, "Did that really happen?" "Yes!" Carlisle exclaimed. He got up and paced excitedly, thinking aloud, "Irina was here … Everything she said makes so much sense! Life goes on… We still have souls! I was sure we did!... I wonder why she was unable to reach Tanya and Kate…?" "I've heard that some people are more sensitive to spirits than others. I really don't know. Until tonight I never believed an afterlife of any kind existed." Esme raised her eyebrow at Carlisle and shrugged. "If I had I would never have tried to commit suicide." He went to her and took her in his arms. "Why didn't you tell me? You have listened to me theorize all this time…" Esme's arms tightened around him in response. "I love you, darling. Why wouldn't I listen to you? It was interesting… I just didn't believe it. But it was obvious you did." He looked into her face, his own glowing, "And now we know that it's true ! It's so exciting to find confirmation of a belief… especially one so many others doubt!" She grimaced, "And I guess I have to answer somewhere for that suicide attempt…" Carlisle shook his head, "I don't think so." Esme was puzzled. "Why not?" "You have had so many years of living a wonderful, virtuous,