CHAPTER 1 HOMECOMING I once had the impression that Victors are the most fortunate people in Panem. The circumstances to which they ( or should I say we?) got that title may be devastating at the very least, but the fortunes that await each one upon returning home seem to be a satisfactory compensation. A huge home in an exclusive area of the district (called the Victor's Village), luxurious clothes and other materials, plus an endless supply of food and money each month. It's a kind of life that everybody, especially in a dirt-poor district like ours, could only dream of having. But now, just days after being announced a Victor and seconds after our train stopped at District 12, I'm dreading being one already. Could this be the reason why Haymitch chose to live his life in a drunk stupor? Is that what I will eventually turn into? Katniss unconsciously tightens her grip on me. I stare at our intertwined hands before hesitantly looking at her face. Her grey eyes are staring blankly at me, her features twisted in unease and sadness. I push the last thought away. Katniss has no reason to be sad; I know ho excited she is to see her family again... and maybe Gale. I try to keep the grimace off my face as unwanted thoughts occupy my mind once again. I focus on our interlinked hands before forcing a smile out (which I hope doesn't look fake) and acknowledging her. "It's fine, Katniss. Relax, okay? We have an audience to satisfy." I meant for those words to be reassuring, but as I see her wince, I realize that it came out more as mockery. I hurriedly try to make up for it. "I mean, it's okay. Really. At least we're on the same page now." "Peeta..." I cut her off. "Smile, Katniss. Prim's out there waiting for you." I say, knowing that her sister's name will be the sure way to get her to focus. It works almost immediately - her eyes light up as I mentioned Prim and her lips involuntarily twitch upwards. The train doors open, allowing the spectators outside to catch us as we are looking at each other with an easy smile on our faces. Out of the corner of my eye, I see Haymitch nod in approval. A picture perfect moment, I think. The cameras snap wildly as they catch a glimpse of us. Katniss and I wave at them with our free hands before carefully stepping out of the train. "There they are! Our favorite lovers, and our latest Victors! Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark! The lovely pair has now arrived in their hometown, District 12!" Caesar Flickerman's voice booms in the background. I am able to catch sight of us in the huge television situated in the left side of the train station, walking down the steps hand-in-hand. From an outsiders' perspective, the two of us look as comfortable as we can ever be, when in truth, both of us are a jumbled heap of nerves inside. I peel my eyes away from the television and the reporters as I glance around for my family, effectively blocking off the sound of Caesar's voice in the background. The Capitol reporters and camera crews are all lined up close to the railroad track, blocking off all others from having the front row advantage. They converge towards us as we mount down the steps of the train to the platform, giddily asking us thousands of questions at once. I try to shield Katniss as much as possible from the blinding assault of the cameras and the hands that try to reach her. I've seen some homecomings on television, but I never expected it to be this chaotic in real life. The hype seems to be heightened even more with the fact that this is District 12 - a place that has conveniently been overlooked in the Games' history because of the incompetence seen in our past tributes - and that there are two Victors. Thankfully, Effie immediately comes to our rescue. "Ladies and gentlemen, I believe we have an allotted time for the interviews!" She chirps in her Capitol accent while holding a microphone. "For the moment, let us all stand back and allow our beloved Victors to reunite with their families." To my utmost surprise, the herd of reporters actually listen to Effie and steps aside to give way for our families. They are all crowded behind the press - I easily catch sight of my parents and siblings standing rather shyly through the crowd. I hear Katniss's breath hitch and whisper "Prim" before her hand slips from mine. Her family rushes to her side in an instant. I look at her in time to hear her mother say "Your cousins can hardly wait to see you!" I had no time to process the information - what cousins? - as my family has rushed over to me as well. Before I know it, my two older brothers - Kale and Graham - have embraced me in a tight, brotherly hug. Both have tears in their eyes but are grinning from ear to ear. "Way to go, 'lil bro." Kale says. "Damn Peeta, you sure know how to make a scene, don't you?" Graham jokes. "Forgive me for being charming." I retort back, easily falling back into our playful jabs at each other. "Graham, Kale, cut your brother some slack." My mother says authoritatively. My back automatically stiffens - an acquired habit after many years. My eyes dart to her as I anxiously wait for her reaction, particularly to my love interest. Please don't make a scene here, I chant fervently in my head. It will not help our situation in any way. She doesn't. Instead, she simply says: "I almost thought you'd die there, Peeta. I'm happy the girl saved you." It's ordinarily an insulting statement, but for my mother, that one is actually the closest she can get to affection. For my mother to say that she's happy Katniss saved me... it speaks volumes. "I wouldn't be here if not for her. She saved me time and time again." I whisper as I hug her awkwardly and kiss her cheek. She steps away in an instant, her discomfort at anything intimate showing profusely. I let it go and step towards my father eagerly, who has just been standing quietly in the corner. "Dad." I whisper as he hugs me tightly. I hear his breath hitch and it was then that I realize he's crying. "I couldn't be more proud of you, son." He says as he slaps me lightly on the back. "I wouldn't have made it out if not for her." I reply. It's true, and we all know it. "Yes but you saved her, too." I nod. My father knows how genuine my actions were in the arena. He's the one who truly understands the depth of my emotions for Katniss. "Hello, Mellark family! It's so great to see you." I hear Effie say, surprised that she's beside me already. "I'm sorry to cut your reunion short, but you'll all have to stand in front of the podium for a short interview with the reporters!" I groan inwardly. I see my father duplicating the look on my face, but I am able to remain composed. Katniss surely will be more of a mess than she usually is, so I need to become more focused now. Effie directs us to the podium set up by the entrance of the train station. Katniss and her family are already there. I freeze abruptly in my tracks as I see Gale and his family standing there as well. He stares at me with a look of contempt which could once have made me cower. Why are they there? As far as I know, Katniss and Gale aren't related... My eyes grow steely as I force my feet to move forward, easily taking my place beside Katniss. I take her hand in mine to keep up the act and smile warmly at the reporters. Katniss wraps her arms around me, burying her face in the crook of my neck as she does so. "They made up a story that Gale is my cousin." Katniss rapidly whispers to my ear. This display of affection earns lots of hoots and cheers from the press and other spectators. I hug her back and hold her at arms length, smiling warmly while giving a subtle nod to show her that I got the message. We hold hands again before turning our faces to the reporters. "Sorry, we're not used to being separated - even for just a short amount of time." I tell them warmly. The crowd cheers again. Ten minutes into the act and I already feel so tired, but I have to keep it up. For Katniss. "Okay, we will be entertaining some questions from the reporters. You have fifteen minutes, at most!" Effie says brightly in her microphone. The first reporter, a thin, pink-haired woman, bounds over to the microphone. The train station may be small, and surely, under normal circumstances, her voice could be heard without any problems. But since the press are going crazy and there are a lot of cheers and happy comments from the crowd, the microphone becomes a necessity. There's also two situated in the podium for us. "Hello, Katniss and Peeta. How are you feeling now that you're back in your district?" It's a very easy question, but a tricky one for us. How can we tell them that this homecoming is the end of our relationship? I doubt they'll accept that easily. Katniss's face has taken that pained expression, so I decide to answer the question for both of us. "It's overwhelming. But we're just so happy to be back, it's something that we'll be thankful for for the rest of our lives. Being reunited with our families makes us the happiest we can ever be." The mention of families brings Prim to the spotlight. Another reporter comes up. "Hello. You must be Primrose Everdeen?" He says, pointing to the little girl standing beside Katniss. Katniss, in turn, protectively wraps her arms around her sister's shoulder. "I remember Katniss saying in her interview with Caesar that she promised you that she'll do her best to come home. How are you feeling now that she has fulfilled her promise to you?" Prim beams her sunny smile at them, totally winning them over. Cameras click and flash in front of us. "Of course I'm very happy. Seeing her in the arena was really frightening for us. We can never know what's gonna happen next. But my sister is strong, and I'm just so happy she came back. I know she'll do everything to keep her promise to me because that's how she is. And I'm even happier because she has found someone who looks after her too, and who loves her so much." Prim looks meaningfully at me then, and I feel myself flush brightly in response. Her words bear so much honesty, but how will she take it when she finds out the truth? If only she knew... "Anything for you, little duck." Katniss says affectionately, ruffling her sisters hair a bit. I wrap my arms around Katniss's shoulders and kiss her temple tenderly. More cheers erupt. "Does that mean that you approve of Peeta?" The reporter asks again. "Of course." Prim answers easily. "I mean, why wouldn't I? Peeta is such a handsome and strong man, and everyone can see how much he loves my sister. I couldn't ask for anything more. He's perfect for her, like they're made specially for each other." Her words make my heart flutter happily in response. It's obvious that Prim believed everything that she saw in the Games. But I scold myself before her words could get into my head. It means nothing, nothing at all now. Her