a/n: Okay, I know I should be working on Chapter 10. And I am. But this was stuck in my head for a couple days and I had to put it out there or I would go insane. Thanks to my beta, AZBella... did wonders for me in record time. :) Thanks also to Project Team Beta for beta'ing my second draft! This is a companion to Canon. Starts way before Ethan came to town... (If you haven't gotten past Chapter 7 in Canon, I strongly recommend you read that first.) Won't be the whole story, just the highlights. Four or five parts. Enjoy! Part 1 The Music Box I was born on October 23, 2132. Ten little pink toes, ten little pink fingers. Such a perfect little ball of love and affection that the universe decided it wanted an encore only seconds later. And so my sister was born. Ava and I were not identical twins, though we had a lot of similarities. Same long, straw-blonde hair. Same high cheekbones. She tended to be a little quieter than I was, a little more reserved, shyer. But she was the smarter of the two of us; I'll definitely give her that. We hung on each other. Growing up, we depended on each other to fulfill the empty places in our own personalities. Our whole lives we lived this way – separate, balanced, equal, unfinished. Until the day I was reborn. It was January 15, 2149. Will had dragged us all to First Beach on a day that was less than ideal beach weather. The clouds were broken but still around. It was probably something like forty degrees out. It wasn't raining at least, and for that I was grateful. The boys took off immediately for the shore. They had been talking all day about who would win their stone game. Will swore he could make a tower that was as tall as he was. We all knew he was talking out of his ass, but we nodded along anyway. They pulled off their shoes as they reached the beach, and their socks went flying too. They were running down to the water as fast as they could; little sprays of sand flicked up behind them the whole way. Charlotte and Ava started the fire. It wasn't a big bonfire like we usually do, just a little campfire to keep warm around while we talked. The girls sat down on one of the weather-worn logs that lay scattered across the beach. They were talking about spring vacation and what little we would make of the time off. It was same conversation we had been having all month long at the lunch table. Charlotte would suggest shopping, Ava would agree and ask where, Charlotte would reply, "Same places we went last year," and Ava would say it was a good idea. I kept quiet, though I could have mouthed the words along with them. "I'm going for a walk," I announced. "Okay," Charlotte said. "You'll be back soon?" I shrugged. "Don't know. Don't wait for me to do the food. I'm not really all that hungry." "Okay. Have fun," Ava said. I stuffed my hands into the pockets of my jacket. I heard the conversation picking up again, "Well, where do you think we should go?" I shuffled up the beach. The wind was blowing past me, burning my ears and nose. I could still hear Will's echoing taunts bouncing off the rocks. The sky was gray and the water matched, save for the white caps that peaked out in the distance. I was wearing four layers: underwear, tee shirt, heavy sweater, and coat. It wasn't like I could have known that those layers would nearly kill me. Or maybe it was the walk that did it. Or the rocks. Or the rain that had hit that morning. Or the tide or…or… Truth is, it was not one of these things, but all of them. Still to this day I wonder how my life would be now if I had just one tiny element different. Dry instead of wet. No coat. South instead of north. I walked for a half mile before I couldn't hear anyone anymore, only the scratch of my shoes in the wet sand and the waves crashing to my left. The sun had started to set, though it was hard to see it. The gray darkened slowly – the only evidence there was a sun at all. I wondered what it would be like to spend the holidays in a place that snowed. We rarely got snow; Forks was always too busy raining to pay attention to the seasons. I bet it would be nice… A cabin on a frozen lake. The hush of the woods, covered in white. Silence. Cold, perhaps, but very quiet. I could just…think. No distractions. An outcropping of rock sat in front of me, reaching out towards the waves. The little spit of sand in front of it was already covered in two feet of water. High tide. So I sighed and leaned against the rocks, telling myself to turn around and go back to the camp. But Will would be shouting about his rocks right about now or goading everyone into a contest of who could stand knee-deep in the freezing water the longest. Don't get me wrong; Will Yorkie is my best friend, but some days…I just hate that kid. No, I didn't head back to camp. Out on the distant water, there was a pair of blinking lights, one red, one white, heading north. I squinted to see what it was – a shipping freighter headed for Port Angeles most likely. But the guess wasn't enough; I wanted to know . Why did I care? I have no idea. I climbed the up the rocks. Going up was always the easy part. I was a little winded when I reached the top; it was steeper than it looked from below. And then, after all the effort, the boat was only five feet closer to me. I don't know why I thought the height would help at all. I still couldn't read the words on the side of the boat. The red and white lights blinked a steady rhythm, growing dimmer with distance and weather. It faded off, northbound. It had been somewhere else; it was headed somewhere else. It had purpose. And then it was gone. The sky was endless gray again. The horizon was an unbroken line. My face was starting to get wet in the spray of the ocean. What a ridiculous waste of time. I sat down on the flattest rock of the pile, letting my legs dangle. Ava and I had recently started talking about colleges. Every time I suggested a school, she agreed it would be a good place to go. She never mentioned any dreams of going somewhere else or even gave the impression that we would part ways after high school. I was growing annoyed at the idea of her tagging along for the rest of my life. At the same time, whenever I had the thought of going off by myself, I couldn't imagine being able to survive without her. She was my buffer, my filter, my interpreter. The sky was nearly black when I started back down the rocks. There wasn't anything out here for me. I knew it was time to go. I didn't want to be gone too long after dark; I didn't want to worry Ava. The rocks were slippery, and climbing down made things difficult. I couldn't see how far I had gone or where the next spot for my foot was. I craned my neck to the right and I could see the water below. I looked to my left and best place to step seemed too far to reach. My left toe felt out a notch, but as I shifted my weight to rest on that foot, it slipped. I tried to regain my balance by pulling back up to where I was before. The sudden strain on the rock I had been holding caused it to break. Little bits of gravel trickled their way down the ledge. The dust went into my eyes. I was going to fall. No. I was already falling. My hands reached out, clawing at whatever I could reach, but I was sliding downward quickly. Everything was too slick for purchase. The impact of my body on the surface of the water knocked the wind out of me, and the cold made it difficult to regain my breath. It burned. My coat swam around me, evolving a life of its own. I struggled against it. I tried to pull the clinging wool off my arms, but it swirled around my arms and my legs, tangling me. I couldn't kick properly, and I found myself going under a few times. My breaths were urgent, desperate whenever my face felt air. I swallowed more salt water than is probably healthy. What I didn't realize in my battle with the damn coat: I was drifting away from shore, caught in a rip tide. When I finally broke free, I struggled to stay afloat. I was sputtering, coughing up the salt water I had been breathing in. My limbs were growing numb. Aubree, get your act together. Find the shore. Get help. When you are caught in a rip tide, you should swim parallel to the shoreline until you are free. I know this now. Now. But I didn't know that then, so the moment I spotted the beach, I started kicking towards it. I thought it was an illusion at first, how I didn't seem to be getting any closer. I just figured I was so far out that it would take some time before the beach grew bigger, before the sand appeared under my feet again. But neither of these things happened. The sweater was a lead weight whenever my arms breached the surface. My muscles strained against the pull. Where was all my adrenaline? Spent on the coat, perhaps. Or maybe it was there, but not enough to save me. I couldn't feel anything below my knees. I couldn't get a full breath. My teeth were rattling so hard I thought they were going to break for sure. I was losing the war. I could see the shoreline still distant as a dream, mocking me. I am going to die. The thought had no emotion attached. It was merely a statement of fact. I was so cold, but the pain was subsiding. So that was good. It would be peaceful then. My vision blurred, dimmed. I was sinking. Thus ended the life of one Aubree Parson. When I was seven, Grandma June gave me a music box for my birthday. Goodbye, Ava. Be happy. It was pink, square, with a silver design on the top – a violin. It was precious; it was beautiful. Hey, Will, I win. I definitely stayed in the water the longest. But when Ava opened her presents, I saw that Grandma had given her one, too. Pink, with the violin. The same damn one. Mom, Dad, thanks for everything. Even the names that both start with "A." I've grown to accept it. I cried about it. No one knew why I was crying. They tried to get me excited about the cake that was coming, but I wouldn't listen. I grabbed the music boxes and ran upstairs. I was going to throw them out the window. Nate, be good to Charlotte. Charlotte, be nice to Nate. I wish I was as lucky as you guys are. Grandma June followed me. I was sobbing and trying to get the stupid window to open. I dropped the boxes on the floor beside me and pushed a little harder. It wouldn't budge. To the students of Forks High, I will miss you. All of you. Even the weird ones.