Before reading – this fanfiction isn't about the effect of the potion; I mean what this potion is supposed to do isn't what I care about. So don't think the main thing is about it. The potion is only an excuse. Well… not sure that's very understandable. You certainly will while reading ;-) "For Merlin's sake, Severus… what has he done to you?" The headmaster helped the young man to sit on the floor. He looked worried. Behind him, Minerva, wand in her right hand, was making sure they hadn't been followed. Severus closed his eyes. God, he wanted to sleep… but he couldn't. He knew what would happen if he lost consciousness. With difficulty, he opened his eyes again to see the worried look on Albus' face. And behind him… Oh, no. Minerva. And… Shit . If there was a God, and he highly doubted there was, he truly hated him. Potter, Weasley and Granger were also staring at him, with – what – concern? He shook his head. Stay awake, Severus… Stay awake. "Severus, what happened?" the headmaster tried again. The Potion Master took a deep breath. - I'm sorry, Albus… But… Merlin, he knows I'm a spy. He knows. I didn't see him but… he was coming… before you came and Bellatrix told me – she told me everyone knew I was… a traitor because… Mondingus has told them. I'm sorry… He closed his eyes once more. Albus shook him. - Severus, stay with us. The teacher groaned. -… Where are we? Minerva approached and took his hands in hers. - In a forest near the Malfoy Manor, Severus. I think we're well hidden here – as you can see, we found a – well, it looks like a cave, doesn't it? - And… Severus shook his head. Stay awake… You know what will happen if you don't. And… why are Potter and his little friends here? Minerva smiled. - You're quick, aren't you? Well, we had a little problem… the minute we received your patronus and decided to apparate here, they ran to us and were taken in the spell. Mr. Potter had had a dream, you see… he knew you had a problem. But Severus had stopped listening half-way. He had a broken leg and a few broken ribs as well, some wounds which caused him an unbearable pain. Minerva, worried, put a hand on his left shoulder and called him. - Severus. What's wrong? Where does it hurt? - Everywhere, he muttered, his eyes closed. Albus, please… - Severus? - You mustn't let me sleep. I can't be allowed to fall unconscious. The Dark Lord… he has done something to me. They made me drink the potion… And if I'm too weak… He can take possession of… me… for a short time but… please – - Severus. It's okay. We can't apparate with you in your condition, but we called the Order… they will come soon. Severus frowned. - But why don't you take Potter and the others back? They're in… in danger here… Slightly, Albus took the younger man in his arms and allowed him to rest his head on his right shoulder. Severus hissed in pain. - You've got broken bones, said the Headmaster. - Obviously, Severus answered on a sarcastic tone, his eyes tightly closed. The cave was a tiny, dark place. Its walls were wet and dirty, its entrance quite easy to find; but Minerva had cast a spell which would make its discovery less easy. She couldn't believe they had managed to take Potter, Weasley and Granger with them: how many chances did they have to run into Albus and her at the very moment they had decided to apparate? None. And still… Merlin, and now they were in danger. They were all in danger and Severus was badly hurt… they were so lucky he had managed to escape. She looked up. He was so pale, far paler than usual if this was possible. Dried blood covered his face and he had a big, deep cut on the top of his head. Albus spoke again. - They know you've escaped, Severus: I suspect Voldemort has casted a spell to forbid us of apparing. We tried of course – but in vain. Despite his current weakness, Severus found the strength to role his eyes. Brilliant… Yes, brilliant . His eyes were closing again – You mustn't sleep, Severus, you mustn't… you know what'll happen if you do… Stay awake! - Severus! He opened his eyes once more and was violently hit by his own pain. He hissed. Damn it… - Severus, Albus said, stay with us. - I – I can't, I – Albus. Please… ask me questions. Albus remained silent a few seconds. - Do you think it will help you, my dear boy? Severus bit his lips, fighting a new wave of pains. - Yes, he finally answered. Yes. I… can't be allowed to fall unconscious. Hermione sat on the floor. She looked almost as worried as Albus and Minerva; Harry, on the other hand, didn't know what to think: a few minutes ago he was in his bed, at Hogwarts; and now he was here, in the middle of nowhere, with – as unbelievable as it was – a wounded Snape, who was clearly in pain. - Well… let me think a minute… - What's your full name? asked Minerva with a smile. Severus rolled his eyes again. His breath was growing unstable, far too quick to be normal. - You… don't have any better questions? My, it's almost as original as Longbottom questions in Potions – Oh, no, sorry – he never asks any questions. Minerva didn't seem very pleased with this answer, but Severus wasn't in condition to begin a quarrel. - And you're not wondering why he doesn't – ever – ask any questions? His eyes barely opened, Severus' lips twisted in a strange way – almost as if he was smiling. Ron was astonished. - I… prefer to fill my head with more intelligent questions, Minerva, as you can certainly guess. Minerva frowned. - Of course. That's obvious. After all, you're just a teacher. Why would you care about your students? - It seemed… nearly sarcastic, wasn't it? asked Severus. Albus smiled and hold him more tightly. - I'm afraid our dear Minerva spent too much time with you, Severus. But you didn't answer her question, did you? - My name is Severus Snape. And nothing else. And I think you already know that. At least, I hope… The Potion Master closed his eyes and tried to fight the dizziness which threatened to overcome him. No, he wouldn't vomit in front of Potter… But his battle wasn't unnoticed by his colleagues and friends who observed him with fear as dark blood began to flow from his nose. - Severus. Severus! As if suddenly awaken, the professor brutally opened his eyes. - Albus…? - Yes, Severus, it's Albus. Stay awake, child. Do you… do you remember what we were talking about? The younger man seemed confused. With difficulty, he tried to focus his gaze on Albus. Where was he? What had happened? Some memories flooded over him. - I – We were – my name? Minerva nodded in agreement. - That's it, Severus. And you answered Severus Snape. Don't you have any other name? A second one? - No, her colleague answered sharply, visibly having great difficulties in staying awake. - Second question, said the headmaster, how did you knock your head? Severus concentrated. How had he knock his head? Common, it was an easy question… wasn't it? But he had already taken a moment too long to answer – yes, he had obviously received a big knock on the head. - Bellatrix, he said finally, relieved to remember, and Avery, and – others. They… had… fun with me: throwing me against the walls, I don't… know… how many times… Minerva bit her lips in anger. How dare they – one day they would see… - Fine, said Albus. Third question – Severus, try to stay with me – did you like my birthday gift? The question, as strange as it could appear to be in these circumstances, had the merit to surprise Severus and to make him open his eyes. - Didn't you ask me that question before? - I did, but – last year. You only said 'thank you' this year, if I recall, but what did you think about it? - I… I must confess I liked them, Severus answered, amused by the headmaster's childish look; two days ago I used them to collect Bowtruckles' eggs: my hands were in better condition than the last time I had done the same without gloves… Minerva raised an eyebrow. - I confirm, she said with a significant look. The headmaster looked satisfied, but his smile vanished when his saw his boy close his eyes once more. He gently shook him. - Stay awake, child. We'll find another question. Hum… - What's your favorite color? Ron asked suddenly. He blushed when he met Hermione's gaze. What? It wasn't a so terrible question, was it? - How original, Weasley… I had almost forgotten you were here, poor me… Minerva shook her head. - I suppose you're not in mortal danger if you still find the time to bully your students, Severus. Why don't you answer his question? That's rather interesting. Severus sighed. - Green, he simply answered. - Of course, Albus said. Why did we ask? Isn't it obvious that green is the favorite color of the most Slytherin of the Slytherins? - I disagree. It has always been my favorite, far before I entered Hogwarts. But yes, I confess I wouldn't have liked to wear yellow and black. Albus looked saddened. - Why not? That's a beautiful color combination. Severus coughed, his breath visibly painful. - Say the man who wears pink robes with green hearts on Valentine's Day… Albus laughed. - Well, that's another beautiful color association, is it not? Minerva smiled. - I'm not quite sure I agree with you on that matter, Albus… Harry was surprised by the scene which was taking place before his eyes. He had never suspected – never – that such friendship existed between the three grown-ups: after all, it wasn't obvious; they were such opposite characters, with three very different natures. Professor Snape closed his eyes again, exhaustion certainly helping. He undoubtedly had a concussion, a big one… - When were you born, Severus? asked the headmaster while helping his younger colleague to sit up, certainly in purpose to wake him up. Visibly, the answer was difficult to find for the wounded man, who closed his eyes in concentration. - I – a few years ago, certainly? He answered. - Yes, definitely, Severus, said Minerva with a nervous laugh, but can you be more precise? Don't be afraid, you won't be the oldest one here, if this is what bothers you. - Of course. After all, we have a centenarian among us, he answered on a sarcastic tone. Albus looked spuriously offended. - Are you saying I'm old, Severus? He asked. - Yes, Albus, the professor answered, unless you're living in another world, I can tell you that is quite obvious. Albus groaned. - I'm offended, he said on a childish tone. - Truth is often offending, Severus answered with a smile. - So if I say you're a rude young man, will you be offended? - Absolutely not. Being rude is part of my character. - And also being sarcastic, don't forget, Severus, add Minerva, smiling. Her colleague smiled back, but his dizziness was growing stronger. And he didn't remember the day of his birthday... Severus groaned, a hand on his stomach and the other on Albus' arm, as if he was trying not to fall. Minerva bit her lips. He needed medical care now… She didn't know exactly what would happen if he lost