Chapter 1 Edward Anthony Masen sat with his head buried in his hand. He was drowning...drowning in a pain so acute that it felt like his skin was being seared, his flesh sliced through. His heart seemed to have swollen, as though his mental wringing of it had left it bruised and barely beating. There was a sickening feeling in the pit of his stomach, as though ice had cascaded down his insides and now slowly froze him. His mind was stuck in a loop, iteratively playing that damning conversation-the phone call of his best friend, Jasper Whitlock who was a Fed. A wave of nausea swept over him as he recalled the anxious words of his friend which had confirmed the treachery of his brother-in-law, James. And proved innocence of his wife and step-father. " It is confirmed, Ed. He has been creaming off of you for past five years to fund the Italian Mafia. Drugs, Prostitution, Child trafficking- you name it, he has done it. He is too deeply entrenched- has reach to the Volturis. He works from behind the scene...I nearly lost my hair gathering proof against the fucker. He is too damned good!" Jasper snarled. " And...?" Edward trailed off hoarsely. " No, your wife is not involved with him. In fact, I think she was trying to find something incriminating against him- brave that one! Although there is..." " What is it?" "' Tis bad, Ed. Awful! But...seems your wife told Carlisle of her suspicions and he too was trying to aid her...Hired a PI and all that, but the bastard got the wind of it...I am sorry, but Carlisle's accident was a murder attempt and prelims have revealed that his meds were tampered with too." Edward felt his stomach drop and his mouth go dry. " What?! But how..that...He is dangerous, Jazz...I..he nearly killed Carlisle and Bloody Fuck! Alice! My sister fucking worships the ground he walks on and he...he..." " Don't worry, Ed. We are tightening the noose. As for Carlisle, we are keeping an eye on your step-father. We have reasons to believe that he managed to find some dirt on him and we need it. The PI has been murdered and Carlisle kept the involvement of Bella strictly under the wrap to protect her, so your wife apparently doesn't know much... We are working on it, though. James won't be free for long." Missing pieces of a puzzle that had been floating around his life utterly ignored, suddenly materialized with clearly defined edges, and fell into place. Thing which had never made sense started to be obvious. Things which he- one of the world's leading businessmen, Edward Anthony Masen- should have seen only too clearly...a story which no one could refute, no matter how hard they tried. James had been involved in many illegal activities, the funding for which he obtained by stealing from his company. After all, the turnover and net worth of Masen Inc. amounted to billions of dollars. And more so, since James was the brother-in-law of Edward, the CEO of the company and a respected board member, no one had bothered or even dared to look too closely in his dealings. Besides, James Hunter was not only a whiz with numbers and finances, but he was also intimidating enough that he had managed to hoodwink everyone for years...till Bella started doubting him. Isabella Swan, the best friend of Alice had inadvertently gotten a whiff of his shoddiness. Owing to lack of evidence and the blind faith of Alice in her husband, she had cautiously approached Carlisle Cullen with her suspicions. Edward's step-father, the prudent and perceptive man that he was, had reluctantly believed her and sought to either confirm or refute her allegations. He had hired a PI and after months of sniffing around James, had gotten confirmation of his duplicity. And apparently, he had managed to get his hands on some incriminating evidence too, as an attempt on his life was made in which he barely survived. He had slipped in coma since six months from which he was yet to rouse. And as if he had not done enough, though James did not know for sure that Bella had instigated his downfall, he had taken steps to slander her and Carlisle's name. Whilst investigating him, Bella and Carlisle had met repeatedly and the photos of their meetings were clicked in such a way as to be indicative of an affair. After Carlisle's accident, James had shown those photographs to Edward. And the result of his own investigation had yielded the same result. Apparently, the PI Edward had hired to investigate the relationship of Bella and Carlisle was deep within James's pocket. Yet, the feeling of unease had not receded and he had always felt as if something was missing. Still, blinded by his anger, he had obstinately refused to follow his instinct. His inability to reveal the so-called affair of Bella and his step-father had frustrated him. His family, especially his mother, Esme had already been too anguished owing to the critical condition of Carlisle, ergo he could not bring himself to add to their woes. So, Edward had not told them anything, but had taken steps to tackle with Bella. As she was best friend of Alice, Bella had been a regular fixture in his home. More so, since the girl was literally alone except for a father who was terminally ill, for footing medical bill of whom she ran herself ragged, Esme had all but adopted her. Bella had always been kind, intelligent, soft-spoken and so very beautiful that she appeared like a breath of fresh air for Edward. He had watched her from afar, never speaking much with her, yet slowly but surely, he had fallen in love with her- a fact which he had not realized till he believed her to be in love with his step-father, Carlisle. Love is not blind, but jealousy! Edward mused acerbically as he recalled the feelings of fury and betrayal that had nearly incapacitated him then. In hindsight, he should have realized that it was his jealousy which had driven him to do what he had done. It was his fear of losing Bella to another man that had made Edward proposition her with such blatant disregard of her feelings. He had told her that he would pay for the medical treatment of her father, who was a cancer patient, if she fulfilled his stipulation- if she tied her life with him. Edward had forced her in a sham of a marriage for her father's sake nearly six months ago and from then on, he had punished her every day for her supposed betrayal in the most callous way possible. Thus, the unveiling of the truth disturbed him so much so that he felt battered, bruised and broken. Just like he had made his innocent wife feel with his venomous barbs and cruel deeds since their marriage. So, Jasper's words, though aimed to comfort him, had only increased his anxiety and confirmed his sins. The sins he had committed against his wife- the love of his life. Bella. Edward felt as though someone dealt him a blow as he thought of her. An image of her crying tears of helpless frustration and pain emerged in his mind and he doubled over. How many times had she begged and pleaded with him? How many times had she tried to tell him the truth? Yet, he had scorned her, mocked her, insulted her, choosing to believe the lie of that backstabbing bastard, James. Edward had always been proud of his intellect, cunning and shrewdness which had helped him in taking the Masen Inc. to the top. Yet, he had been duped by the silver tongue of a wolf in a sheep's skin. And in doing so, he had also left no stone unturned in destroying the best thing that had ever happened to him; he had buried his love for her and then proceeded to systematically break his wife. Still she had cared for him. And in the past six months, he had done nothing but give her hell. He had made her sleep on the floor, hurled insults at her, humiliated her by throwing money at her feet, called her every horrible name in the book. By the time Edward returned from his office, it was quite late. His home was swathed in darkness and stillness. As soon as he had regained his wits about him after his conversation with Jasper, a fierce need had risen within him. Aching. Burning. He needed to see her- his wife. Edward hadn't looked at her for a long time. It wasn't that he had completely ignored her. He knew that she tried to keep out of his way as much as possible. She woke up a good hour before he did, busied herself in the kitchen when he was having breakfast and made sure she came to bed after she was sure he was asleep. And Edward had reaped grim, almost savage pleasure by working late on purpose, forcing her to stay up into the night. But that did not mean he was unaware of her presence. Despite himself he tried to catch glimpses of her out of the corner of his eye, stubbornly ignoring the adrenaline rush that pounded in his veins whenever she was within his vicinity. He had convinced himself, or at least tried to, that he looked at her not because he wanted to, but for reminding himself of his hatred for her. Edward had deluded himself in thinking that Bella was his comeuppance for letting down his guard and allowing her to wriggle her way in his heart. Yet, as he climbed the steps us to his room with eager feet, he could not help but realize the extent of the lie he was trying to live. Now, as his tired, sleep-ridden eyes searched for even a shadow of her, he derided himself for his inability to see the truth when it all but stared at him in his face. He swallowed; the pain of anticipation made his heart ache as he pushed the door of his bedroom open. But, then again, this burning intensity was not wholly unfamiliar. Edward remembered too well, the compulsive urge to see Bella, to be in her presence, to touch her, to hold her that he used to feel before...before everything had gone to hell in a hand basket. As he walked into his room, preoccupied, his eyes caught sight of the empty bed, the only light coming from the huge bay window, from whence streamed the moonlight. He frowned slightly as he dropped his keys and laptop bag on a table, advancing further into the room wondering where Bella was. "Bella?" He called softly, but was greeted only by silence. Shedding his coat, he walked towards the bathroom. He knocked brusquely on the door, then noticed that there was no sliver of light coming from below. Where is she? He thought, perplexed by the absence of his wife in their room. As his gaze wandered towards the door of his study which opened from his room, he walked towards it. After all, his wife was a bookworm and it was nothing but ordinary for her to spend hours reading books- something which he had in abundance. Edward pushed the door open and stopped short at the sight in front of him. On the plush carpet of the floor of his study, lay Bella on a mattress, fast asleep. Her dark hair fanned out behind her, in stark contrast against the milky white of her pillow. Her small hands were clutching her heavy quilt closer to her as she curled in a small ball, looking exceedingly tiny and fragile. Edward bit back a tortured cry and bile rose in his throat. His guilt swamped him, crashing against him in furious gales, threatening to pull him under. But, he