A/N: Pronunciation of names: Subora- Sub like Sub marine or like or a like a (yeah…pretty straight forward) Metra- Met like I just met you ra like Raa the sun god of the ancient Egyptians Cain- like Cane toad Fangorn- Fan like I'm a fan of Orlando Bloom;) gorn rhymes with porn (sorry people that just how I remember it) (and if you didn't know how to pronounce that you're probably lost and should go hang out with people with lives) Creon- like the king from Antigone. Ok for some of you looking at that key was the biggest waste of you time ever, but anyway on with the story… Chapter One: The Maiden of Fangorn Forest The deep loneliness that swelled in her heart was unlike any she had ever experienced. It was close to her 17th summer and she still had no mate. The rituals were over and the wolves had gone to be with their chosen partners. After the winter pasted there would be a new generation of wolves that would need care, but that would be a blessing she would never experience. Subora watched the wolves from her spot on Old Oak Tree, the tallest tree in the forest. Some of the wolves said it was the oldest tree in all of Fangorn and Subora believed them. Old Oak was located on a hill in the center of the forest, and when one looked from the top on a clear day all of Fangorn could bee seen. Luscious trees stretched out for miles in all directions. The mighty mountains of the West obscured all view of the land that lay behind them. The largest of the mountains was Methedras or the Last Mountain, it stood proud and tall to the Northwest and was the source of the great river Limlight. To the East the world beyond the forest was brown and flat, but the North held some promise of beauty, for the beginning of a forest could be seen from afar. The land to the south was completely unseen, because the slope of the trees was upwards and this made them look like they would go on forever. Another reason that she loved Old Oak was because when she was very quiet it almost seemed like the tree was speaking to her. The gentle sway of the branches was very soothing like someone rocking into peaceful oblivion. She fell asleep in the tree and a voice came from the Old Oak… "Who are you and where are you from?" a tired voice asked her. "I am nobody from nowhere." Subora replied simply. At this the tree laughed, "You are not nobody and one day your name will echo in legends from every corner of Middle Earth." "There is nothing beyond Fangorn except goblins, trolls, and orc. Even if there were others no one will speak of me for I live in Fangorn Forest where none can enter nor leave." The tree was very solemn after this and said, "The time of man will begin with the return of the king, but though the forces of evil may be abated for a time it will strike once more. The fellowship will be questioned and the Cain of every race in all of Middle Earth shall come forth from the darkness and be known. The weeds of the Dark Lord can not be killed with the destruction of its head. The roots grow deep in the hearts of many, and when their leader falls another shall come to fill his place. In this final battle some shall fall and other shall rise, but all will be faced with their greatest adversary, themselves." "Of what battle do you speak?" Subora asked thoroughly confused. "Do not believe all that you are told, for you are not as alone as you think." The tree spoke gently and slowly disappeared into darkness, and the dream was ended. Surely it was a dream? Subora looked at her self, she was ugly and frail. She could not deny her hideous appearance. The wolves of Fangorn tried to be kind, but she heard their whispers. She walked on two legs instead of four, and had no fur. Her teeth were disgustingly blunt and useless for eating raw meat, which was why she only ate the fruits and vegetables of the forest. Her coloring was ugly as well, for who ever heard of a creature with skin as pale as the full moon and hair the shade of leaves in fall. She was not allowed to hunt with her pack because the wolves said her prey would spot her a mile away. Subora laughed at the thought of hearing her name in a legend, only the beautiful were remembered. The ugly things in life are what we try hardest to forget. Subora saw a brown she-wolf approaching the tree, it was Metra. Metra meant 'mother wolf' in aetinian, the language of the wolves. The brown wolf was the mate of the Alfa male of the pack. It was customary for the mates of the Alfa male to change their name to Metra, for she was a mother to all the wolves in the pack. The Alfa Male changed his name to Fang, which in aetinian meant leader. 'Mother wolf' was a mother to Subora in every sense of the word, and Subora acted like her daughter as well. The she-wolf had cared for Subora since the girl was a babe and treated her as she would her own cub. "Come Subora we must get back to the cave." "Yes Metra I am coming." The moon was whole and beautiful as it shined down on the forest and illuminated the way back to the cave. The Wolves of Fangorn Forest howled at the glowing white orb in the sky, in celebration of the day of tongues. Day of tongues was to commemorate the day the wolves were given the ability to speak and understand the language of men. The night was warm and a slight breeze swept through the forest causing the trees to sway in the wind, almost as if they were speaking. Metra and Subora made their way to a small opening in the rocks that was just large enough for Supora to fit through. The opening lead to a large underground cave, it was said that the wolves of Fangorn Forest dug the cave when they were given their tongues. The cave was empty, for all the other wolves were out celebrating with their mates. Supora felt another wave of loneliness wash over her as she sat down on the bed of rocks that was her bed. "What is wrong my daughter?" The brown she-wolf spoke to Subora. "It is nothing Metra." Subora looked away from her surrogate mother and stared at the stone floor of the cave, not wishing to speak with anyone. The she-wolf looked at her adoptive daughter it was apparent that something was bothering her, and Metra thought of something that would cheer her daughter in an instant. "Have I ever told you the story of Fangorn the wolf?" Subora looked up with interest, Metra always told the best stories. "No." she replied. "Well then would you like to hear it?" The she-wolf already knew the answer, her daughter loved stories. "Yes, please tell me." Subora smiled at her mother who so obviously was trying to cheer her spirits. "Alright my child, the story begins many years ago…" There was once a wolf, who lived before the time of names, in this very wood. He was an ordinary wolf who lived with his pack in the Dark Forest. One day a group of Orcs invaded the forest and a battle was fought. The Orcs vastly outnumbered the pack and they slaughtered the wolves. There was one wolf, however, that managed to escape. The wolf was filled with great despair and laid on the floor of the forest not eating until he was mere inches from death. A single tear fell from the wolf's eye as he fell into the deep abyss. Suddenly the Witch of the Woods came to him and said, "I have felt your despair wolf of the Dark Forest, and I have come to aid you." The wolf looked at the witch, but could not understand her speech. The witch realized this and brought the wolf to the top of the Last Mountain, where there was a spring that flowed down into the Dark Forest. The witch caught the single tear of the wolf and cast a spell on it. She dropped the tear in the spring and the water was blessed so that anything that drank it would be filled with growth and vigor. The wolf took a drink from the spring and he was instantly stronger than any wolf that had ever lived. Not only was the wolf strong, but he was given the knowledge of man. The wolf thanked the witch, but was instantly filled with a deep rage where his sorrow had been. The witch warned him to not waste knowledge with revenge, for that was the great fall of man. "I have given you a great gift and you have accepted it as well as its cost." The witch told the wolf. "What will the cost be my Lady?" The wolf replied. "Long have I guarded these woods, but now my powers wane. I have placed all the strength that I have left in this tear drop." The witch pulled out the crystallized tear of the wolf. "I ask that you keep this and guard it for all time, if you should fail my magic will be taken away from you and the creatures of this forest. I leave with one last gift, the she-wolf of lore; may all your descendents be protectors of this forest." The witch melted away to reveal a beautiful, white she-wolf. The she-wolf was called Metra or 'mother wolf' and the male wolf was called Fangorn . This in aetinian means leader of the wolves. "But I thought that Fangorn Forest was named after Tree Beard, the Ent." "You have not let me finish the story my child." The she-wolf gave Subora a look and the girl was silent. After that the forest was quiet for a time. The Orcs had wandered away and the devastation they had wrought had begun to heal. The forest, however, was eternally changed because the spring that held the witch's spell formed a river that lead to the Dark Forest. The trees drank up the magic and slowly changed into the beings we now call Ents. The Ent we call Tree Beard had no name when he was changed, but befriended Fangorn, the wolf. The friendship between them formed the Tree-Wolf Alliance that we still honor to this day. The number of Ents and wolves multiplied and with the power of the water they were a mighty force. Years later another band of Orcs invaded the forest, but this time they would not survive. Fangorn was the leader of the pack of wolves and they were stronger and smarter than the fist because of the witch's spell. The Orcs were defeated, and many fled into the mountains. Fangorn, however, had not forgotten the slaughter of his first pack by the Orcs hands. He chased the Orcs and killed everyone, but he suffered losses as well, and his mate Metra was killed in the battle. Lost in his grief Fangorn took the crystal and placed it on Metra he promised that if the she-wolf were to be spared he would give up all he held dear in the world. His request was granted and he was turned into a two legged being, and banished from the forest. The crystal was protected by Metra and at the end of her days she hid it in the Forest. The love between Metra and Fangorn stayed strong until both their deaths and that is why