Notes: Well, here we are! This work will be a collection of one-shots (and two-shots, and so on... short pieces, at any rate) that all occur in the AU of my Tomione fic Choosing Grey . Most of them assume some prior knowledge of what happens in that story and may make reference to things that occur in it. They will all take place after the events of that story, though they probably won't be in chronological order in this work. I'll identify a time, either precise or relative to some other piece, when each one takes place. The rating may increase to M. I know that in my end notes for that story, I said I preferred to leave it open. I do have my own headcanon (if that's the correct term for this :P), of course, but since I am putting this up against my expressed word, I don't insist that readers accept all, or even any, of these as their own headcanon. Don't like something? It doesn't have to be "official" for you. I don't know exactly how often I will update this, since it is a collection of mostly self-contained pieces rather than an ongoing story with a distinct plot. I'll try to make updates reasonable, though. A Marked Deck Chapter One: Unfunny Jokes December 1946. The house was a pigsty. It was not the lovely, elegant row house that Hermione and Tom owned and lived in. That house had been meticulously cared for, and they had not had to do very much work to prepare it before they moved in. That house had also been owned by Muggles, so it had no magical problems—or visitors—to deal with when they bought it. No, this house was a former magical residence. The family that had owned it had moved to the Godric's Hollow wizarding neighborhood because of the Muggle war, and in the space of a mere five years, a plethora of magical pests had infested it. Hermione had bought it for a deeply discounted price, and she was going to strip it down and turn it into library, office, and laboratory space for her organization, but it had to be cleaned out first. It's nice to be the breadwinner, Hermione thought as she blasted away a cache of dead doxy eggs—denatured, decomposing, and therefore unfortunately useless as a potions ingredient. This has worked out pretty well: Tom has the highly visible Ministry job, but the amount of money I've raised dwarfs his salary. He seems all right with it, too. Though I suppose even in his alternate life, he didn't care that much about wealth. Over the last year and a half, they had hashed out a system that worked for them. It was counterproductive for them to keep each other in the dark about what was happening, policy-wise, in their work, but Tom did not give Hermione the gory details of whatever manipulations he got up to in the Ministry and she did not ask. Her unspoken rule for him was to not murder or torture anyone and to be very careful with any other magic he felt compelled to use to get his way. It wasn't that damned much to ask, considering what he had forced her to watch him do not quite two years ago—and figuratively hold her nose about thereafter. He had it open again. Her heart gave an unpleasant thump at the sight. A serene, satisfied look gracing his handsome face, he lifted a gleaming strand of memory from his head and dropped it over the blank pages of the diary. It had perhaps saved her life, had definitely saved his, and it was a part of him, so she did have regard and affection for what lived in it. But the thing itself was still a permanent reminder of who, or what, her husband was and what she had become for him—and for the greater good. She winced, looked away, and as unobtrusively as she could, slipped the flask of Calming Draught–infused firewhisky out of her pocket. One sip would suffice. Hermione had a dark suspicion that Tom sometimes used Imperius, Confundus, and Memory Charms on colleagues to push them into doing what he wanted, but she couldn't prove it and didn't really want to have it confirmed. What was the point in knowing about something like that? He wasn't puppeting anyone permanently, at least, and he knew that she didn't want to hear the more sordid details of whatever he did to get his way as Deputy Advisor to the Head of Magical Law Enforcement. A small part of her would have been content to play the mafia wife, to not to know anything at all about his "business," and for the intellectual part of their relationship to be based strictly on their mutual interests in advanced magic and culture. But that wasn't who the rest of her was at all. They were both deeply interested in politics, and the idea of suppressing that around him was stupid and offensive to the greater part of her. Unworkable, too, because in a very real sense, they were colleagues. Her organization, her donors, needed to know what was going on in the upper echelons of the Ministry, and he wanted to know what ideas her think tank had come up with recently. What they did worked, at any rate. Marital strife was minimal—and easily dispelled by the other, physical aspect of their relationship. It was not what she had expected, going into this, and it was a pleasant outcome. He stood up. "I'm going to tackle that box room upstairs," he said. She snorted, standing up. "Good luck with that. It's a disaster." "It is, but it has to be done eventually. Might as well be now." He passed by her and squeezed her shoulder affectionately. He cared about her. There was no question about that. It was a different sort of caring, a darker and far more possessive one, but one tough lesson that Hermione had been forced to swallow was that love was not always pure angelic lightness. In fact, it very rarely—if ever—was that. Hermione finished tidying up the room and gazed around. It was empty but clean, at last. Time to move on to the other room that she had been avoiding: the library. At least, what had once been a library. There were no books anymore, or she certainly wouldn't have avoided it. Tom stood in the middle of the dirty box room. It was filthy. Splinters lurked on the edges of the old wooden door frames, ready to tear anything that brushed them. Dust lay everywhere in the room. If he had been wearing any of the elegant, tailored, expensive suits and robes he usually wore these days, he would have been so angry that he probably would have blasted the very walls with Dark curses just as payback. But he and Hermione had come into this place prepared for a mess, and that was exactly what they had found. Tattered drapes hung from tall, dusty windows. A clutter of broken and half-broken magical objects dotted the wood floor, creating a hazard for the unwary to walk upon. A battered old closet awaited, hiding Merlin knew what inside. It was probably best to deal with the closet first. He could see pretty well what the main room offered. But if something were lurking in that closet, then it could burst out and undo any work that he did in the outside room. He strode across the room, readied his wand, and opened the door. His eyes adjusted to the dimmer light at once. He glanced down and scowled: There was another floor that was covered with rubbish. It was embarrassing in a deep-seated, visceral way that wizards could abandon a place and leave it in this condition. Muggles at least had the excuse that they couldn't do magic. What excuse did wizards have? Lazy, slovenly, or simply magically incompetent, none of those things earned his sympathy. He bent down to examine the trash for anything valuable, just in case. It seemed to be just a layer of paper and parchment, broken quills, broken glass…. A puddle of fresh red liquid seeped out from under the rubbish. Great, Tom thought in annoyance. It was probably just potion, but if it were blood—well, this was exactly the sort of place that one might try to hide a body, and it would just be too ironic if he had to deal with paperwork and perfunctory questioning over a murder that he hadn't even committed. He shifted the trash aside to see what he was dealing with. It was a body. His heart almost stopped as it came into sight. The face was dead white, and a truly horrific wound sliced through the neck. The head had been almost sawed off. Dust tinged the curly locks with grey—at least, where they had not become sticky with blood. Tom moved more of the rubbish aside. The facial features came into view. The eye sockets were empty, and more blood oozed from below them. It looked like they had been gouged out. But much worse than that was— No, he thought, his heart pounding. It can't be. It literally can't be. I was just with her. He turned the body onto its back, and the dead, mutilated face of Hermione stared back at him—or would have done. It can't it can't it can't— Wizarding house infested with pests. Dark closet. It must be— But it should be my corpse that I see, shouldn't it? It always has been before…. Tom stood up shakily and directed his wand at the thing on the floor. He supposed it made sense that the form of a boggart would have changed for him. He was protected now, after all, and Hermione was not. He tried to think of something, but—and it was so humiliating—he had never been able to master this spell. It was one of a minutely few Defense spells that he had been unable to do. He remembered that awful day in third-year Defense, the first time. After seeing classmates banish vampires, banshees, flocks of doxies, and the like—stupid, childish, superficial fears to suit childish, superficial people, people who did not understand —then he, the magical genius of Slytherin, the young orphan of unknown pedigree and blood status that the house grudgingly had to respect due to his power— There was simply nothing funny about his fears. Not his own dead body, and not the body of the one person in the world he loved. It wasn't funny. There was no way to make it funny. The horror that Tom had been feeling transformed to anger. Riddikulus, indeed. How ridiculous of smug Defense educators, and whatever placid, self-satisfied fool had invented that spell, to imagine that fears were always going to be like monsters under the bed for a three-year-old. That they were always going to be something that could be made amusing by dressing it up in funny clothes. Laugh at your fears! There's no reason to be scared of anything your mind might think of! Your fears aren't serious. No matter what you're most afraid of, it really only deserves to be made light of and laughed at. That was the subtext of the whole procedure, and it was a fucking platitude. Stupid, offensive, patronizing— Thoroughly enraged by now, Tom directed his wand at the boggart that disgracefully borrowed his Hermione's form. What right had it to do that, to violate his mind and then throw her body back in his face, mutilated and abused like this? How dare it. Unable to cast Riddikulus on his old boggart, laughed at in Defense—his best subject—for failing to do something that everyone else could do, Tom had taken to the library with a vengeance, determined never to let any old boggart cripple him like that ever again. There he had learned of another