WELCOME WELCOME, Enjoy my first fanfic ever! Belongs to Stephanie Meyer/Vampire Diaries Enjoy, and please review my darlings. Chapter 1 Goodbye and Good Riddance " Elena felt downright horrible, and this was the day she got her heart broken by her twin sister's puppets." I didn't always start the day by painting the sunrise. I usually woke up like any person would on the week-end; past noon. I shivered from the morning cold but dabbed a little more orange putting anything aside that was not the sunset. The warm rays and the promise of a new day reborn for the entire world and its inhabitants made me feel insignificant, but I didn't mind. I liked to think I was a selfless person, or so I hoped I had become after last summer. Last summer my parents died in a car crash. As easy as thinking that was, it took months to even feel again, and some days I wished I was like Katherine, and punched the off button on feeling so I could feel nothing at all. But I couldn't do that. I had a little brother, and I had Katherine and they needed me to keep it together. So I did, and the best part was we survived, we accepted that we were orphans, and only road was forward. We chose to live, and move on to something better than moping around and acting as if the world had ended. Sure it took some fighting. Well in reality a lot of fighting, therapy, and pointing fingers, but we achieved a sense of normalcy and a less morbid and pessimistic thoughts on life. I stretched my arms, and then quickly fixed the background dabbing some more yellow at the core center happy with the outcome. It really did look beautiful. I hoped off the seat and blew on the canvas as if it would dry faster. My super blowing powers weren't working so I just leaned back in the lawn chair satisfied with my work. I am an artist. It's what I do, and what I love. Sometimes I lose myself for hours painting until my legs cramp up, and I let it sit for a while and talk with someone other than my landscape so I cannot turn into a grumpy tired painting hermit . There is such a thing, I looked it up, or have invented the word, but please carry on. Yes, I talk to my landscape, and no I am not crazy. I just think it helps me put a sense of character into painting the elements of my surrounding. For the record I have been doing it since I was given a crayon in pre-school and told to draw something, so I don't think I will be changing anytime soon. We had a great childhood here in the "Windy City" (Chicago if you didn't know). We had the white picket's fence, and chubby golden retriever that was lazier than normal dogs… but that didn't matter we were happy. We were whole, and though our parent's had some falling outs we stuck together. Mom was like the glue that kept us whole. If Katherine did something bad and started tearing away mother would calm her fears, and pull her right back in. If Father got angry, and left for a couple of days she would find a way to make it right. I liked to think I kept that quality of her, and so I have in turned into the mama bear of our family. I am the glue that keeps the Pierce family together, and… makes the breakfast in the morning. Well I did have some help. I opened the back door that lead straight into the kitchen. The help had already started breakfast. I smelled the delicious pancakes, "Aunt Jenna, you didn't have to do that. I was going to do it after," I showed her the panting. She Ooooohhhh , "This one is really pretty," I sat at the kitchen island while she looked it over, "Do you really think so?" She went to flip another pancake, "I always like your paintings, but I don't know something about this painting… I see a lot of love in this picture." I didn't know how she could see it, but I was not one to judge. The painting was whatever the beholder wanted it to be. I snatched a pancake, while Aunty Jenna put the painting on the table, "L'eyna why don't you go wake up Kathy and Jer?" I quickly swallowed, "For Sure no biggie, but you know she doesn't like you calling her that. Why can't you call her Katherine like everyone else does?" I snatched another pancake, and she pretended not to see, "Because I have always called her that, and I wouldn't lie that it gives me a little sick satisfaction," She made a face, and I laughed. It was no mystery why Aunt Jenna liked irking Katherine to no ends. Katherine acted like a bossy princess, and Aunt Jenna was not someone that could be pushed around. Well, I was not that much of a push-over, but if I gave Katherine what she wanted it was always easier that way. I checked upstairs, but Katherine's bed was empty and already made. That was odd . I checked Jeremy's room, and like I suspected he was sleeping in the royal position with his arms sprawled, and on his belly. I woke him up gently, "Wake up Jer." I nudged him, but he rolled away, "Are you sure you don't wanna get up? Aunt Jenna made pancakes," His eyes flashed open. He quickly jumped out of his bed. The linen covers flew everywhere one landing on my head transforming me into a linen ghost. Now I knew what I could be for Halloween. He looked like one of those Boomerang cartoon characters, and I couldn't help but laugh as he pulled on a pajama top, and headed downstairs stubbing his foot on the stair railing. Boys and their grub . I pulled off the linen sheet. I mentally noted if I ever had a problem with him, just mention food. I smiled to myself; I was laughing a lot today. I came downstairs showered, clothed, and was ready for the day. I calmed down my baby hairs, patting down my straight hair. It was getting close to ten o'clock and I remembered I had some chores to do. I grabbed the car keys, "Hey Aunt Jenna I am going to go get some groceries. Do you want me to pick up anything for you? What about Jer?" I caught her watching the food network, "No hun, just go, and get what you want. Jer went to a friend's house something about a school project?" Jer… was doing homework at a friend's house…. Jenna saw my face. "He was lying to me wasn't he?" I shrugged, "We can always give him the benefit of the doubt." "I knew I should have asked more questions," she gave a sigh, "Hey L'eyna? Do you think I am doing this right?" "Doing what?" "This parenting thing, sometimes I think I am doing great, and then Jer or Kath just jump off the deep end. If it is not Kathy and her boyfriends, or Jeremy and his so called " friends " trouble seems to always find them." We had a moment of silence reminiscing the past months. They had not been too easy for any of us. She nudged me playfully, "But not you L'eyna, you have always been my perfect little helper." I sat down next to her, "I am in no way perfect. For the record you have been a great help Aunt Jenna." She didn't look convinced, I earnestly grabbed her hands, "No really you are here whenever we need help, and you have helped me get Jeremy out of that depressive emo state so I think we have done a great job. I couldn't do this without you. Plus… I think mom would have been proud of us, and how much you have been a part of our lives." She looked close to crying so I gave her a tight hug, "Hold up Jenna you are doing a great job." She quickly responded planting a wet kiss on my cheek, "Sometimes I swear I am with you, and I feel like Emma is here all over again telling me to stay away from the dicks and the drugs." I gave her a bigger hug. Those words meant so much to me. I remembered Jenna had some things to do too, "Don't you have work today?" She shrugged, "I think I would miss today, and just catch up on my shows." I grabbed the car keys, and my satchel, "When I get back don't tell me how Gossip Girl ended I wanted to see it for myself." She looked happy again, "Well you better hurry up and come home," she flipped through the channels, and I headed outside. I loved that woman. My mother's best friend, and my godmother had come into the Pierce family and a special place in my heart. The sky was a picturesque blue, and summer was just in a few weeks, and the promise of no more homework made me have a spring in my step. Finals were the only thing on my mind, and of course there was Stefan. What could I say about Stefan? He was charming, and a great friend that I had come to cherish. I was really thinking of just asking him out on a date, if only Katherine could give me a chance. I opened my car door and turned on the engine. She loved keeping him on her arm wherever she went. It was annoying at first, but I was surprisingly not jealous at all. All the guys are like that around her, and I had come to accept that. But I don't know with Stefan it was different. I felt like I had a connection with him… and his older brother was coming this way. I rolled down the window, "Damon?" His icy eyes stared me down, "Have you seen Jeremy around?" I turned off the engine. Why was he asking about Jeremy? He didn't even know me, least of all Jeremy, "Why do you care where Jeremy is. Shouldn't you be with Katherine?" Damon was one of my sister's puppets. He shoved his hands into his jeans, " Touchy Touchy Miss Pierce. Is that jealousy in your voice and no Katherine told me to ask where Jeremy was? Why else would I be here." I didn't know if I should tell him, "I am not jealous of Katherine," that sounded like jealousy alright, "and Jeremy is at a friend's house. Though I don't know why this is any of your business." He smirked, "It's not, and it's for Katherine." He flexed his tatted muscles looking fiercer than before. Where was this boy's sweater, "You know what's funny. Did you know you are so different from her, it would be impossible not to tell you apart? One would think with you two being you know," I shifted under his gaze, "Good-bye Damon." I began to roll up the window, "My little brother wants to meet with you." "Stefan?" Did I hear him right? "You mean Stefan?" "Last time I checked he was the only little brother I have," he is so rude, "He said that he wants to meet you at the spot or some "shit" like that whatever that means. What a stupid-ass." "Stefan is not stupid, he is romantic." Where did that come from? He smiled knowingly while I blushed, "Sure whatever, my job is done here." With that he strolled to his own car, and was gone with music blaring and car racing. What a weirdo. I rubbed my temples and started my car again. Why did Katherine have to hang out with all the gangster freaks