WARNING: This story has adult themes and graphic content that might be sensitive or triggering for some people. Cursing, sex, and other mature things. Sorry 'bout it. Hope those of you who read enjoy—if so, leave a review! Thanks. When Lily loves, she loves few and far between. However, at a young age, she was thrown into a world of romance she couldn't have anticipated. Having been regaled by stories of Mum and Dad, a slow and steady build to a passionate kiss in the middle of a war at a young age, she believed that she could find that love, too. So when an older, beautiful boy pulls you into a dark corner, fingers flitting over dark red hair, brown eyes dancing in the fire light as he beheld her blue ones, she knew not to resist. To her it didn't matter that the boy was eighteen and she was thirteen, or that a boy had never touched her so roughly or intimately before, or that he had a hunger in his eyes she couldn't contain—it only mattered that he was dreamy head boy Philip, and that his girlfriend, head girl, bubblegum-chewing, toe-headed Ava, was nowhere in sight. A loss of innocence is always a sad thing, especially at such a young age. Lily didn't know this. She glowed all the way back to her room, lit like a candle, hoodie zipped up to her chin and jeans only zipped up halfway. It was past curfew so no one was there to witness her in all her luminescence, but she swore if they had, they would see pure enlightenment. Thirteen year old Lily was naïve, lazy, and manipulated beyond belief. Philip's beautiful smile was like a wolf's, but she couldn't help being devoured by it. His touch was electric and the secrecy of their relationship, rather than angering her, delighted her. Upon seeing him holding hands with Ava in the hallway, she would feel a clandestine thrill, and as his bronze gaze met hers, he felt the same thrill. Lily had a soft beauty that no one, not even Ava, possessed. Hidden beneath fur-lined jackets and roughed-up jeans and corduroys, Philip felt especially superior, knowing what was hidden beneath. Night upon night was spent past curfew, sitting on the ledge of the Astronomy Tower, exhilarated by the wind whipping around their dangling legs, their calm buzz permeating the air and the smoke that mixed with the ruddy cold as they huffed and puffed on a joint. Time seemed to stand still those winter nights, and stretched into sunlight as the Christmas break whizzed past. They reunited with a passion, and she imagined a future not unlike her parents—married, with kids, a quaint cottage, stable jobs and no Ava or anyone to stand in the way. That was the happy part of the year. Her dreams deadened to the simple contentment of being with him, the rough fucking, and pushing down of any resentment she felt towards Ava and her power, her beauty, and her hold over Philip. Stuffing the nausea and jealousy she felt when she saw them together in a small, little box that she locked up and kept deep down inside, and tried to burn to ashes every night as her lungs turned to ashes with a lighter and rolled up herbs. A jealousy she tried to smother with his kisses, but still he would pull away for air and it would come back with the rush of cold air between them. Several instances occurred that ended the affair: when they were almost caught, when Lily failed potions, when they were actually caught, and when Philip graduated. When they were almost caught "What's that constellation?" Lily squinted, but the lights above remained a blur, like Christmas tree lights that winked between branches. She breathed out smoke and replied, "I dunno. My eyesight's bad." Philip laughed, "You should know just by where I'm pointing. You don't pay any attention in Astronomy." "How would you know?" Lily snapped, smiling nonetheless. She passed the blunt, and his bare hand brushed her red glove. She could see his pale hands, cold and shivering every night, and she wished he would reach out to hold hers. "Because you're not studious. You never go to the library, you never study, and you get bad grades. You know, as Head Boy, I can see your grades anytime I want to? You're almost failing potions." He was laughing at her, and her smile faded. "You're just a pothead, Lily. Maybe you should start paying attention in class." Her breathing quickened, but she couldn't even bring herself up to get that angry. She just sagged against the pillar beside her, arse right up to the edge of the ledge, throwing him a cursory glance with clear blue eyes before defending herself: "Hey, are you calling me stupid?" Well, failing at defending herself. He laughed again. It was starting to get irritating. And what was even more irritating was that he didn't respond, making his silence more clear than any verbal assent could. She felt obliged to push him the seven or so stories down to the hard ground below. "I'm not stupid," she huffed, but her words grabbed onto the wind and flew away, making her feel even more stupid than before. "Well, you're not exactly in line to be Head Girl," Philip muttered, the tip of his wand bursting alight with a sputter and meeting the end of the joint with a gentle practice that was a tell to just how often he made this motion. This was the worst thing he could've possibly said to her at this moment, because now they were both thinking about Ava. The image was enough to make Lily sit upright and turn to him with a sharp glare, but he didn't meet her gaze. He inhaled deeply, trying to seem unaware of her anger, but there was unease in his look that revealed just how much he anticipated this exact response to what he had said in a far greater stupidity than what he accused her of. With a muttered "unbelievable" and an aggravated sigh, she woozily stood up from the ledge, the stars seeming to spin and swirl above her as if in a Van Gogh painting. She tripped over the side and onto the hard concrete floor of the tower. She cried out in pain and cursed Philip to go to hell, and he called after her as she tried to collect herself and make her escape. "You're so immature, Lily! You know that's not what I meant," Philip said, his voice tired and annoyed. He was close behind her, she could hear it, but she was determined to flee. She knew she wouldn't make it to the exit without him catching up, however, and this both thrilled and bothered her. A hand clamped around her arm, a grip that surely would've hurt but didn't because of the ample padding her furry jacket provided, and she was swiftly turned around and pinned against a firm body, arms looped around her lower back, lips seeking hers. His momentum was greater than hers, and they tripped a step, he forwards and her backwards, and they fell to the floor. Lily's bum and head collided with the floor causing a sharp pain to run up her spine and to her scalp, but before she could yelp, Philip's mouth covered hers and they were kissing heavily. Panting out puffs of condensation into the cold winter air, Philip managed to unbutton both of their pants and struggled to guide his way in. Everything came to a screeching halt when the sound of footfalls met their ears. With no time to spare to pull up their trousers, Philip let his body fall over Lily's, holding her head to his chest and covering her bright hair with his arms. Lily's face was smashed into his jacket, his zipper pressing into her nose in a very uncomfortable way. It was just enough to muffle her "Hey!" of indignation. Philip looked up to see a fellow named Edward—a friend of a friend, the Slytherin seeker, and also in his 7th year—skid to a halt at the doorway to the staircase. "Get out!" Philip yelled sharply. Edward's eyes widened and he turned around, almost tripping back down the stairs in his haste. Edward yelled back, a bit muffled as he headed down the stairs, "Sorry Philip, Ava; as you were!" By this point, the mood was utterly killed—dead and buried, actually. But Philip gave one last feeble thrust before sighing and pulling away. He did himself up and muttered some curses before abandoning Lily completely, without even a "see you tomorrow." As high as she was, she laid there for several moments, her jeans still undone and around her thighs. Darkness swirled above her, turning into double vision and then triple vision, and then colliding back together. "I know the constellations," she muttered in anger, but still failed to name any her mind. She blamed her lack of sobriety and got up, collecting herself and heading back to her dorm. The next day, Philip sat with Ava at breakfast with all of her friends in Slytherin. Something Philip liked about Ava was the fact she was in Slytherin—not only was she beautiful, but she had a quiet, naughty smile, like she knew something he didn't, something good, something he'd want to know. She was mysterious, even after three years of dating. He knew eventually he would know more about her and the anomaly that was Ava would dissolve, but for now, her hand was inching up his thigh under the table and soft dimples were showing on her creamy complexion as one of her friends cracked a joke. Her green eyes cut to him, a dark, olive green, narrowing a little, her lips slanting in a way that made his stomach churn in want. Yes, she seemed to know something. He thought back to the night before with Lily—did Edward say something? He nervously looked over to Edward, who was acting normal so far, sitting on his other side. He jumped a bit as her hand came dangerously close to his crotch. Something Philip didn't like about Ava was her purity ring, silver and blindingly bright, only two thin pieces of fabric away from his hard-on. After a year of dating, he figured she would give in. But she didn't. Two more years, and still she sat next to him, ever the tease, ever the enigma. He had been dating Ava for six months when he noticed Lily Potter—fresh-faced at eleven. He could tell she would be pretty. It was in her third year, only six months before, when he saw her walking alone and made his move, almost unable to resist. And to his intense happiness, she gave in. She wasn't the first girl he had cheated on Ava with, but definitely the best, and definitely the youngest, and definitely the first virgin. Something in him told him it was wrong, someone so young, but he couldn't bring himself to care, much less stop. "I have head duties with Philip later, so I can't," Ava said, making Philip snap to attention at the mention of his name. Edward cracked up laughing next to him. Philip felt his blood turn cold as Ava's hand stilled, giving Edward an annoyed look. "What?" she snapped. "Nothing—just—," Edward tried to catch his breath. "Head… duties. Oh, Merlin." He sucked in breath, looking to Philip for confirmation, but he wasn't laughing. And Ava wasn't going to let it go. "Is this supposed to be something dirty? Because I would never," Ava said, pulling her hand away from Philip's thigh and holding up her ring finger. She was proud of it. It had become a constant joke among Philip's friends, and cause for embarrassment. "Mhmm, like that ever stopped you," Edward said. "Anyways, I'm done. Nice one, mate." He clapped Philip