A/N: *WARNING! CONTAINS SPOILERS* Special thanks to the awesome Keyboard Caberet who looked over it for me. Some language. Set in Mockingjay. Enjoy. I watch as Johanna's face contorts as the drip enters the crook of her arm. As the morphling offers her the relief she was seeking I feel her muscles relax and she leans further into my bed. The weight makes me shift uncomfortably, both because of the pain that slices through me and the shock of her proximity. She notices my discomfort through the haze of her satisfaction and offers me a grin, shifting to support more of her body weight herself. "I don't know how you're still doing this." she remarks as she she gestures vaguely at me, then at the drip in her arm. I don't reply. I just look at her. I watch how her chest rises and falls with each steady breath. I notice how she's gaining weight again and allow myself a small smile. She's starting to look more like the strong Johanna we all know. But looking strong, appearing to be strong and powerful isn't the same as feeling strong and powerful. I of all people know that. She's not looking at me. Instead her gaze is turned towards the ceiling. The morphling must be going to her head. I snicker, but not too much; the pain and lethargy are limiting my movements. Even so, it's enough to snap her out of whatever daze she was in. "Something amuse you, brainless?" she asks with her customary snark. I just shake my head in response, the absence of the morphling making it painful to talk. I lack the strength to make a sarcastic comment in return. She accepts my silent reply with a smirk, but her eyes seem somehow softer than before. Then I remember what she said. "What did you mean earlier?" I scan my eyes pointedly over the morphling, one of the things she gestured to when she made her statement. "I meant exactly that. I don't know how you're still doing this. Dealing with the useless lump you've become with your body in pain and shock from a bullet that didn't even touch you." she snorts as she finishes her sentence. The same annoyance I felt for her in the arena rears its head, but before I could tell her how badly I wanted to tape her pretty mouth shut she speaks again, "Calm down, you're doing that annoying thing when you over-think. I'll tell you now, no one will benefit from those little thoughts of yours." "Whatever." I mumble and sink further into my bed. "The bullet didn't touch me at all?" I question. That doesn't make much sense, not with the amount of pain I'm currently in. "No. Cinna's outfit did a hell of a job protecting you. But you did rupture your spleen. They weren't able to repair it. It's not like it matters anyway, it's not like you need one. Though if you did demand one, I doubt they'd refuse you. It's everybody's job to keep you alive." "You sound bitter." I prompt. She laughs mirthlessly and shakes her head, "Oh I am, trust me, but it's not what you think." "What is it then?" I try not to sound desperate, but I can tell by the gleam in her eye that she knows I'm dying to know who or where her bitterness is directed. "You wouldn't understand." she sighs and runs her hands through her hair. Her movements falter momentarily as the realisation dawns on her that there's not much of her hair left on her head. There's a small amount remaining - just enough to cover up the scars. Not as much as she'd like, I know. I try to smile sympathetically at her, but it doesn't quite work. I'm still not used to consoling others. For her sake, I wish I was. "What are you looking at?" She tries to bark but it doesn't have her desired effect. She sounds tired, almost resigned. "I look a mess, you don't have the make a big deal about it." "Is that why you think I can't stop looking?" "Why else would you stare at me so much? Other than to imagine what I would look like while you're strangling me." "I don't think about strangling you." She raises an eyebrow at me. "I think about knocking you unconscious, taking your voice box and feeding it to Buttercup." I know that she knows I'm being facetious, so when she chuckles lowly I smile. "Hmm, actually, if we weren't in this mess and I'd met you under different circumstances," I pause and hold her gaze "I would've gotten the capitol to alter your voice." "Alter my voice?" She repeats slowly. I have no idea where I'm going with this, so I just say something I know she'll hate. "Yeah, maybe make you sound more pleasant, like... I don't know Cashmere." "Cashmere?" she makes a look of disgust. "Of all people you say her?" I shrug, "Don't you think she sounded angelic?" Johanna gasps, "I'm sorry I'm not angelic enough for you mighty Mockingjay" "Don't call me that." I mumble, "I'm just kidding anyway. I think-" I hesitate for a moment. If I say it she'll just tease me. "Your voice, I like it. It's comforting. It's like when you're in a crowd and you hear the voice of someone important to you, and you're reassured that they're there. Even if all they're doing is calling your name." As soon as it's out of my mouth I'm wincing at my own stupidity. But she doesn't mock me as I'd expected. instead she says "I kind of get it. I mean, everyone's clinging on to something to keep us sane right? Both your lover boys' are clinging on to the hope of having you, Haymitch is clinging on to his bottle, I bet even your precious sisters' cat is probably clinging on to the leftovers. Everyone, clinging desperately to their sanity." I'm grateful that she gets it, but something she said is echoing in my mind. 'both of your lover boys'. Is she jealous? I've seen her flirting with Gale and Peeta, but Peeta's convinced that she does it to get a reaction from me. I don't like the thought of her flirting with either of them. "What about you?" "What about me?" "Who are you clinging to?" I clarify, even though I'm sure she knew what I meant. "No one. I've already told you, brainless, there's nobody left that I love." I find myself staring at her once more. The way her eyes flicker from side to side, a world of pain hidden behind them. The way her body deflates slightly as if it's physically draining her to even have this conversation. It still doesn't stop me from saying, "Nobody at all?" Her eyes snap back to mine. She doesn't say anything for a while, instead searching my eyes. I look back, confused. I'm not sure what she's looking for, but she doesn't seem to like what she finds. "I'm not like the rest of you." she says, "If we hadn't gotten away from Snow and the Capitol you would've been his puppet until you died. Although I'm sure that if you hadn't escaped that arena you would've most likely been blown to pieces or poisoned. But that's the difference between you and me. I'm not his puppet, I never have been and I never will be. If I weren't such good friends with my axe I might've just started my own rebellion." she smirks at me. It annoys me that she's trying to distract me and annoys me even more that she succeeds. "I'm not his puppet." I defend feebly, "I mean, I wasn't his puppet." "Oh please," she rolls her eyes "I could practically see his hand up your ass. Don't think I've forgotten all that 'Panem today, Panem tomorrow, Panem forever' bullshit. Eugh. I still can't believe you let him treat you like that. I would've chopped that snakes' bal-" "Okay! I get it, you wouldn't have taken any crap from him. It's not like I had a choice. He threatened to kill the people I love. I can't afford anything happening to Prim. She's so young and she deserves so much better than a sister who's the face of rebellion." "I know." she sighs, "Love makes you do crazy things. It's weird and I don't understand it. It's been a long time since I've had anything to do with love and I guess it just confuses me when people do those crazy things, especially someone like you." My eyebrows raise slightly. Someone like me? My silent question is understood, and she explains "Those rebels in the districts look up to you like you have the solutions to all their problems. They think that you're invincible, unbreakable." she chuckles bitterly, "Little do they know that if Snow were to get hold of your loved ones you'd turn on them in a heartbeat. My, my, my, if only they knew how fragile the girl on fire really is." her tone had turned mocking. I don't know why she's saying these things but I know one thing - Johanna likes to test me. She'll say something or do something just to get a reaction from me. I know she's waiting to for me to retaliate, I can feel the bitterness on the tip of my tongue, the string of harsh words that I'm positive are enough to stop her talking to me. However, instead of unleashing my vitriol I swallow it down, feeling the gall settle somewhere deep inside me and praying it remains there. Because as much as it stings, I know the truth of her words. Isn't that what I almost did? When President Snow shook his head, when I first realised I'd failed to stop the rebellion, hadn't my first instinct been to run? To save my loved ones and flee somewhere deep into the woods, leaving the chaos behind me? I think back to when I proposed my plan to Gale and how he reacted. How he would gladly have gone with me, right up until the mention of an uprising in district 8. Then he'd changed his mind. I remember the fire in his eyes at the opportunity to overpower the Capitol, the determination in his voice as he'd elected to stay and fight. I'll never forget one of the last few words he'd said before he storming off: You could do so much. It's not like I'd planned to be the face of a rebellion. Whatever plan I'd had, I know this wasn't it. I don't deserve to be an inspiration for all these people. I hadn't spared a thought for the other families I would've abandoned. I didn't think twice about the starving, sick families that would've been left to suffer the torment of the Capitol. I paid no mind to the people that would've been tortured on suspicion of knowing where I had gone. Suddenly a memory is flickering and surfacing in my mind. The conversation I'd had with Snow when he'd come to visit, when he admitted that the system was fragile. ' It must be very fragile, if a handful of berries can bring it down.' I'd told him. If something as powerful as the Capitol could be brought down with a few berries, then how could I possibly keep going when I stood to lose everything I held dear? But then I think of all the people I have behind me. There's more of us than there are of them. And we're training. We're working. There are people willing to fight because of me. I need to stop thinking of it as a burden and start thinking of it as a chance. A chance to make a difference. A chance to change lives. I have to fight. We have to fight. We have to win