A/N: So here we are, we have finally reached Breaking Dawn. I know many of you were disappointed/angry/kind of scary in regards to how the Eclipse version ended. But I will reiterate that I have a master plan here and half way through this fic you guys will see the method to my mad plan and hopefully understand why I did what I did in the Eclipse version. Mackenzierose157 offered me two really nice suggestions so I'm giving credit where's its due, I added onto and slightly adjusted the title she suggested, but thank you Mackenzierose157 for your suggestion. We'll hopefully be on a similar schedule with this fic of once a week possible every other week, I have certain parts of this fic written, but they are scattered, for example I have a great scene written towards the end, but have to fill in the middle parts. This first chapter, at least half of it was originally the actual ending for the Eclipse version, but when I was reading it over it made more sense to put it as the first chapter for Breaking Dawn. So I hope you guys enjoy this. I said it in the beginning of Shadow of the Moon and I'll reiterate it here Thank you everyone for your continued support and acknowledgement of these fics, it really means a lot to me that Chris is so well received in the Twilight community. Till next update! Glad to see you all again! The days that followed the battle did so in a blur. I didn't speak, I barely moved. I know the whole family was concerned and desperate for extra help, but I felt like I was watching all of this concern from afar, a spectator not part of the "play". Right after the battle, Emmett brought me into the house and gently put me on the couch, Esme was right behind him. She had insisted that Carlisle go check on Jacob, promising him that her and my siblings would take care of me until he got back, he was reluctant, but complied. There wasn't much for them to take care of though, they tried everything to get me to acknowledge them, talk, even look at them instead of staring straight ahead at the wall. Believe me I wanted to. I wanted nothing more than to accept Esme's arms around my shoulders, lean in close to my mother and be comforted. The problem was, I couldn't move, I seriously had no control over my body, my mind was there, but that was it. Even when Emmett stepped in front of me trying to catch my attention, I stared right through my brother as if he wasn't there. Jasper must have tried reading my emotions, because I could see the frustration on his face…he got nowhere either. Let me tell you it sucks seeing all this going on around you and not being able to react, not being able to do anything. I'm not even sure how it happened or why. In the end, Esme put on a cricket match and sat with me on the couch as we waited for Carlisle to get back. Every once in a while she would reach over, tuck a piece of my unruly hair behind my ear and cradle me close, "Christian, sweetie, talk to me please?" Esme cooed "please Christian, come back to me." I'm trying mum, I really am , I thought, it was all I could do. Everyone took time to sit with me, giving Esme a break, Carlisle tried everything he could to break my space out, but he realized quickly that this wasn't one of my normal space outs, nothing he did could snap me back. This went on for nearly a week, nothing changed and it reached the point where the concern for me was so overwhelming that my parents drove me north to Alaska. Despite our disagreement regarding the pack, Tanya's only concern was for me, even Irina was able to put aside her anger, especially after the desperate phone call they must have received from Esme about what had happened. Though Irina was nowhere to be found when we arrived, she had sent her sympathies to Carlisle to give to me. Esme kept me held close as Tanya pulled open the door. Whatever she had been expecting, was not what she was presented with as she stared at my dead expression. She reached out to hug me and for the first time in knowing the Denali clan my body flinched at her touch, as if I had been burned, as if Kate had shocked me with her ability, that was when Tanya realized that Esme and Carlisle had not been exaggerating, that something was in fact seriously wrong. Esme guided me into the house and sat me down on the couch. Tanya quickly joined us, putting me in the middle of them, Tanya continued to glance at Esme for an explanation. I don't know how much the Denali clan had been told, but the whole story was about to come out Eleazar glanced my way first cautiously, before turning to look at Carlisle, who stood near the open fire, his hand on the mantle, staring into the flames. "Carlisle, what happened, friend?" As Carlisle began telling the whole story, Tanya moved closer, hugging me tight, Kate and Carmen stood behind the couch and kept their hands on my shoulder, while Carmen kept one hand on Esme's shoulders. For their own reasons, our cousins have more hatred towards the Volturi then we Cullens could even imagine having, granted we disliked the Volturi's means of authority and power hunger, even their methods for how things are handled, but up until now we did not hate them. Carmen and Eleazar had experienced the Volturi's ruthlessness and cruelty first hand and Tanya, Irina, and Kate, had been orphaned by the Volturi when their mother had been executed for creating and sheltering an immortal child, long before Carlisle had met the girls. "Oh Chris," Carmen cooed, she leaned over and hugged me tight. I couldn't return the gesture I wanted too, but it felt like all the strength had been sucked from my body. "That little bitc-" Tanya started to say when Esme and Carmen shook their heads, but she wasn't going to apologize, she was being blunt and it was necessary. "She did it only to hurt him, to cause this, exactly what he is going through right now is more than she can ask for. Uphold the law bull. If she can't have Chris's love then no one can, and she is perfectly happy with causing him as much pain and grief as she can, she's punishing him. Aro's friendship with Carlisle is the only reason she hasn't tried to eliminate all of you, or even just one of you, that would be the ultimate pain and she knows he would never recover from that and that would be her greatest victory." I felt Eleazar coming closer to me and he looked into my eyes, the normal Chris would have wiggled away from his gaze, or averted his eyes…sometimes the best way to profile someone is by studying their eyes, and since I try to avoid letting people profile me, I get uneasy about letting them look into my eyes and avoid it, but the me that was sitting here didn't do any of that, I couldn't for that matter, I seriously had no control over my own body, I was running on autopilot. "Carlisle how long ago was the battle?" "Nearly a week," "He hasn't hunted I'm assuming. His eyes are nearly black, I don't think I have ever seen them get this dark blue before." "He wont move, he hasn't spoken since that night." Esme sobbed "we've tried everything we can think of, but we can't reach him." "He loves it up here, Alaska has always been one of Chris's favorite places and we hoped that by bringing him here it might help, it's some sort of shock, I've never seen anything like it and I…I do not know what I can do to help him." Carlisle added. I could hear it in his voice, he felt helpless, I never meant for my father to feel that way, I never meant to hurt my parents…I was the one being selfish now… Carlisle, I'm sorry, dad please, I'm so sorry this isnt your fault, please…please forgive me. I'm here, I'm trying to come back. I n my mind I yelled this to him, but of course my body didn't respond, it wouldn't respond, I felt like I was trapped in my own body…not a pleasant feeling "He was willing to join the guard to protect the girl." Esme added pushing back my bangs. Eleazar looked at Carmen and Kate, Carmen must have understood Eleazar's silent command, because she stood up and looked at Kate. "Kate, why don't we take Chris upstairs, we have a room all set up for him, its overlooking the mountains we know how much he loves them." Carmen suggested and Esme nodded. I felt Carmen's arms under my own as she pulled me off the couch. Esme held onto my arm for as long as she could, before I was finally out of her grasp. Carlisle I watched slowly as Carmen and Kate led Chris up the stairs, watching him move so painful was agonizing, especially knowing that there was nothing I could do to make it all better. My son needed me to step in and fix everything and unfortunately I could not. "Carlisle, I did not realize how serious this was." Eleazar said softly I looked at the fire once more, before turning to my old friend. "Can you tell us what happened before the Volturi showed up?" Tanya asked, I glanced over at Esme who was focused on the stairs. I know she wanted nothing more than to rush up stairs and hold Chris, try to comfort him. Unfortunately we have not been able to succeed, it was necessary to let the Denali's have a go, Esme knew that, but it still was not easy for either of us. "The girl, she couldn't have been more than fifteen…" Esme murmured "an innocent child." Tanya reached over and hugged Esme as we moved towards the couches and chairs. "Emmett and Chris spent the fight working together as they normally do. We had most of the newborns destroyed, the wolves." I paused hesitating "did more than their share of the work and one of them even saved Chris when one of the newborns had him pinned. The girl… she was hiding throughout the entire battle, none of us even noticed her. Chris must have gotten to close to her hiding spot, because she bolted from it. I don't think she meant to run into him, she must have panicked and instinct took over, kill or be killed. Chris was able to calm her, convinces her to surrender." "When she looked at him, her eyes told it all." Esme started "all she saw was him, she would panic when any of us blocked him from her view, she was so calm, he had saved her life he was her knight in shining armor." "Her prince charming…" Tanya guessed and Esme nodded "Very much so." "He just wanted to protect her, that's all he was trying to do. Like she was his responsibility…" I added, pausing briefly "We knew she had to be completely subdued before Bella arrived, Chris allowed Jasper to use his knowledge of newborns to handle her. She panicked again when he separated her from Chris, but she must have realized Jasper's authority and submitted quickly." "Rosalie suggested we bring the girl back to the house, before Bella came. But Chris insisted that she had to grow accustom to Bella's scent and Jasper agreed." Esme added as I continued "We didn't see any danger in it, she