1: Playing Chess With Lord Námo Author's Note: I have substituted the normal notation used in chess with their Elvish equivalents. Thus, the squares going across that are labeled A-H are tinco, parma, calma, quessë, ando, umbar, anga and ungwë, respectively. The squares going up and down and numbered 1-8 are min, tâd, neled, canad, leben, eneg, odog, and toloth, respectively. The POV in chess is from the one playing white. Since the players are speaking Sindarin, they use the Sindarin form of the numbers, but traditionally, the tengwar were referred to by their Quenya names regardless of which language was being used. The Sindarin names of the chess pieces and other chess terms used in the story are as follows: Aran: king Bereth: queen Arannûr: steward, literally, "king's servant" (bishop) Rochben: horseman (knight) Barad: tower (castle, rook) Maethor: warrior (pawn) Vaba: lenited form of maba: captures Tafnen: check, literally, "stopped" Aran gwann: checkmate, literally "the king is dead" our English word checkmate comes from Old French echec mat , ultimately from Persian shah mat , "the king is dead" 0-0-0-0 "Excuse me?" Maranwë, Chief Maia to Námo, Lord of Mandos, and Doomsman of Arda, schooled his expression to one of indifference and toned down his aura, not wishing to laugh in his lord's face, yet secretly reveling at seeing the usually imperturbable Singer of What Will Be so... so... flummoxed... yes that was the word. "It is as I said, Lord," Maranwë said, speaking carefully. "The King of Gondor and Arnor is before the Gates of Mandos demanding entrance." For a long moment Námo just stood there, his expression becoming unreadable even to his closest advisor. Then the Lord of Mandos gave Maranwë a grin which the Maia could only describe as 'wicked'. "Please extend our apologies to His Majesty," Námo said formally, "and say that we are not receiving visitors at this time and would he care to return in... oh, eighty years or so." Maranwë was hard-pressed not to start laughing. "But he is not asking for admittance for himself, Lord," he said, his eyes twinkling with mirth. "He's imitating his ancestress Lúthien." Námo raised an eyebrow at that revelation. "You mean..." Maranwë nodded. "He's demanding his elf back." Námo shook his head, closed his eyes, and uttered a few choice phrases in Valarin that caused Maranwë's eyebrows to nearly disappear into his hair. "We'll see about that," Námo uttered darkly as he gestured for Maranwë to precede him down the hallway towards the front gates of Mandos. Aragorn Elessar Telcontar, High King of Gondor and Arnor, was not amused. He gave the mithril and gold gates of the Halls of Mandos one last pounding and then stopped and stepped back, his posture one of defiance and anger. "Damn you, Legolas!" he fairly screamed. "You come back here you... you... impossible elf, you!" "Tsk, tsk, Estel. Such language." Aragorn stopped his ranting and felt a frisson of something that was less than fear but more than joy coursing through his body and slowly turned around. Standing behind him was a Being, taller than he. He was dressed in a knee-length tunic of nubbed wool dyed a midnight blue with silver embroidery of harts chasing one another. Under this was a figured silk shirt of pale green, embroidered at the cuffs with an intricate knotwork pattern in silver thread. Over this was a sleeveless robe of forest green brocade that brushed the top of his calf-high black leather boots. The robe was trimmed with red fox fur around the neck, along the open front and hem. The arm openings, which went nearly to his hips were also trimmed with fur. His leggings were unbleached suede leather tucked into the boots. His blue-black hair was long and braided elf-fashion, the gems of his front braids glittering in the light that was everywhere and nowhere. On his head he wore a mithril-wrought coronet with a single pigeon-egg ruby in the center. A mithril-linked pendant of the Sun-in-Eclipse graced his neck and a belt of tooled leather was around his waist, its buckle a twin to the pendant. He was smiling, though that didn't necessarily assure the Mortal standing there with his mouth open. Slowly, Aragorn found himself on his knees before the Lord of Mandos. "It's been a while, hasn't it, son?" Námo said genially. "I think the last time was with Wídfara... or was that the time before?... I forget." His smile turned even more wicked than when he'd been speaking to Maranwë and the Lord of Mandos had the pleasure of seeing the King of Gondor and Arnor start sweating. Which, come to think about it, was a neat trick when said king was here in fëa only. "Oh do get up, Estel," Námo continued with mock impatience, gesturing for the Mortal to rise. "I really don't have time for all this, you know." "I've come to..." "I know why you've come, child, and the answer is 'no'." Aragorn blinked. "Why..." "He died, Estel. Plain and simple," Námo said, sounding less impatient and more sympathetic. "He's already passed through Judgment and now sleeps. When he awakens he'll have no memory of his life in Middle-earth, not until he is released from here and is again re-embodied." Aragorn shook his head in disbelief. "No... it's not been long enough," he protested. "I only just got here. I saw him passing through the gates. I almost caught up with him..." "Estel," Námo interrupted, reaching out and taking Aragorn into his embrace to offer whatever comfort the Mortal would accept from him. "It's too late. Time runs differently here than in Middle-earth. Trust me. Legolas is safe and he is no longer in pain. Let him go, child. Return to your proper place and mourn, but know that Legolas is well and will someday be restored to his family and friends." "Not to all," Aragorn insisted as he pulled himself out of Námo's embrace, his expression a mixture of grief and anger. "Not to all," he repeated, more softly. "No, not to all," Námo agreed compassionately. "And Gimli..." "Ah, yes, Gimli." "I'll fight you for him," Aragorn said suddenly. Námo gave him a disbelieving look. "Excuse me?" Aragorn was now nodding enthusiastically. "I'll fight you for Legolas' fëa. If I win, we both go back and if I lose, I go back alone." Námo found himself intrigued in spite of himself. Truly, these Children were endlessly delightful and full of surprises. "And if I refuse, what then, Edainion?" Aragorn hesitated, now unsure before the implacable gaze of the Lord of Mandos. Námo nodded, sure that he had gotten his point across to this admirable Mortal. He could see Lúthien gazing back at him through the king's eyes. "What contest could you hope to best me in?" Námo then asked mildly. "I, who am a Vala, one who danced before the Throne of Ilúvatar." Aragorn frowned, then sighed in resignation, realizing the futility of his challenge, yet unwilling to back down. "I cannot go back with out him, Lord," he pleaded. "Thranduil..." Námo's eyes narrowed. "Yes, Thranduil," he said darkly and Aragorn found himself shivering in spite of himself. "Always a force to be reckoned with," Námo added. Then, he came to a decision and his visage lightened towards something closer to humor. "Very well, Isildurchil," the Vala said. "But as you issued the challenge, I get to choose the weapons and the venue." Now Aragorn gave the Vala a wary look but nodded in agreement, silently berating himself for stepping into what he was sure was a trap. Námo sent a brief thought to Manwë and heard the amused laughter of the Elder King in his mind. We will see that you and he are undisturbed, my brother, came the thought from Ilmarin. "Yes," Námo said almost musingly. "I will choose the weapons and the field of battle." Aragorn, deciding he had nothing to lose, asked a question. "May I see him?" Námo gave the Mortal an indecipherable look. "Yes, thou mayest," he said formally, "but in this I warn thee: speak to him not, for if thou dost, he will be returned unto my care and thou shalt return unto Life without him, even shouldst thou win against me in our contest." The King of Gondor and Arnor nodded his understanding and acceptance and then suddenly they were no longer before the mithril and gold gates of Mandos but in a grassy arena surrounded by fourteen thrones and Aragorn son of Arathorn felt his very soul shrivel in fear, recognizing where they were. Námo gave him a compassionate look. "Fear not, child! Thou art not in any danger of Judgment. This is merely a most convenient venue for our little competition. None will disturb us here. The Elder King has decreed it so." Aragorn looked more relieved but his expression was still wary, for he did not know what this contest he had so foolishly demanded of the Lord of Mandos would entail. Then all thoughts of this were driven from his mind as suddenly Legolas was there, standing next to Námo, his expression blank. Almost he spoke his friend's name out loud, but stopped himself in time, remembering Námo's admonition. Aragorn noticed that, unlike himself, Legolas stood in naked fëa. Even his locks were bare of their warrior braids with their gems and beads. The dark golden hair hung loose and free nearly to his waist. The King of Men gave the Vala a worried look. "What's wrong with him, Lord?" he asked. Námo smiled, placing an arm around Legolas' shoulders. "Nothing, child," he answered. "As I told you, Legolas has already undergone Judgment and should be sleeping now. His memories are slowly being... suppressed for a time, that he not be overburdened with memories of pain and guilt. Even now, he has forgotten much about his life, though the process will take some time. I suspect that you will have already left the Circles of Arda before he awakens and joins the other fëar in the Halls of Waiting where he will spend more time learning innocence once again." "Will he remember when he goes back with me?" Aragorn demanded. Námo forced himself not to smile at the choice of words. Aragorn might not know what the contest would entail but he was confident of winning or at least hopeful of doing so for his friend's sake. "Yes," he replied. " If you win," stressing the first word, "all of Legolas' memories will be restored to him. Have no fear on that score. Now, shall we get on with this? You are disrupting my schedule. My secretary is most put out by it as you failed to make a proper appointment." This was said with such blandness that Aragorn was taken aback and was unsure how to respond, though he felt himself reddening with embarrassment. He did not trust himself to speak, only nodding. "Let us begin then," Námo intoned and then the most amazing thing happened. Námo gestured and an oversized board of alternating squares of inlaid obsidian and pearl floated before them. There were figures on the board, half carved from what Aragorn recognized as white opal and the other half from onyx. It was a chessboard. "We're playing chess?" Aragorn asked, realizing even as he spoke how stupid he sounded. "A royal game of wits," Námo said with a nod, "demanding keen insight and a sound sense of strategy. A worthy contest, think you not?" "Yes." "Good," the Vala said with false cheer. "And to make the contest even more interesting for me, if not for you, I think we should change the stakes a bit." Aragorn gave the Lord of Mandos a wary look. "What do you mean?" Instead of answering right off, Námo gestured again and two ornately carved chairs appeared and he indicated that Aragorn should take one. Without thinking about it, he sat in the chair behind the white pieces. Námo