The Hand That We Are Dealt . "Everyone sees what you appear to be, few experience what you really are." ― Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince . . . The light filtered through the tree branches, leaves shifting from their accustomed green to rich shades of vermillion and amber. All that could be heard amidst the grove were the rustling of the decaying autumnal leaves and the silent weeping of the grove's sole visitor. I sat at the base of a large Ash tree restraining my tears as I resigned myself to having to leave for another year at Hogwarts. It was not as though I didn't enjoy my time at the school, or the friends that I shared it with, it was rather the case that it was yet another year I would have to spend without my father. A large gust of wind swept over me, rousing me from my reverie – memories of late night strolls, rambling conversations, and the warm welcome home of both mother and father. It was just my mother that I felt I truly had left. Whilst I did have a large extended family, after living away from them for most of my life, I felt as though they were merely infrequent visitors in my life. And while the thought often left me feeling slightly disheartened, I had always been slightly detached from it all, even before the death of my father, and another year at Hogwarts didn't seem to signal any change from this. As I lifted myself from the spot beneath the large Ash tree, I brushed off my pants and preceded to take the few steps needed to reach the seat of the modest gravestone. Without saying a word, and in one movement, I placed a sprig of forget-me-nots on the top of the headstone. I had thought about lingering, just that little bit longer, but I had to move on. Move on from the past. Move on towards the future. The path out of the wood was short and beautiful, giving me what would be the last views of the Norwegian countryside I knew I would have for a long time. The lush, verdant hills transforming themselves in the wake of the changing seasons from summer to autumn, the flurry of birds overhead, and the small gusts of wind that rustled the trees lightly. So, to preserve it in my memory, I willed myself to properly look at the nature that I often felt I had overlooked before I was made to live in London – and bustling Muggle London at that. Just as I had reached the back of my family's large ancestral home I hesitated and, in taking one last, deep breath, continued up the wooded path and in through the back doors of my 'sometimes-home'. Making my way through the long passage through to the bright lounge room, I was met with the back of my mother stood looking through the large windows at the vast hillside. Her dark brown hair now speckled with grey shimmered slightly in the sunlight whilst she, seemingly unware of my presence, continued to stare almost as if in a trance. Not being able to help myself, and knowing very well of my mother being incredibly jumpy, I began to make my way stealthily towards her. I couldn't stop the smirk that etched itself onto my face as I stalked behind her. Stretching out my arms and placing my hands on her shoulders, I shouted, "BOO!". She let out a deafening scream that had me wondering for a moment if I really should have shocked her quite so much. But, admittedly, this regret was short-lived when I came face-to-face with my mother's face. The bulging of her hazel eyes, the expression on her face flickering between shock and amazement, and annoyance and exasperation. I couldn't help but chuckle at her then; her usually sombre lips giving way to a pout whilst she – very dramatically – clutched at her chest. "Cyka!", she half yelled. "You scared me half to death. What were you thinking? And, where were you?". She paused suddenly, letting out a huff, before crossing her arms across her chest shifting her face back to her usual one of cool indifference before continuing. "We really need to be leaving. You need to catch the train by 11am and we're still in Norway of all places". Chuckling at her ramblings, I was reminded how much I would miss her when at Hogwarts. What I wasn't going to miss though, was the scowling face she was pulling right now as she waited as if for a response. "Okay firstly, you know that you can't swear at me in Russian because when half of your family is Russian, you do tend to pick up a few words here and there", I replied, snickering. "You know a lot more than just 'a few words here and there' and you know it", she interrupted. "Besides, I wanted you to hear it. I got called a lot worse when I was your age by my parents, and we all know that's just how we Gagarin's show our love", she stated in an off-the-hand way. I smiled at this. It was true that that was our sort-of mother-daughter rapport, and had always been that way since we were not the most openly affectionate pair. My grin faltered slightly though, turning bitter-sweet when I was reminded of the truth behind my mother's words. Whilst the banter we shared was purely a way of showing love, my grand-parents did not have such kind intentions, that was for sure. They were harsh and, whilst not cruel by any means, cold and often detached from both their children and grandchildren. They were a strict pureblood family, much like many others, spouting out traditional and outdated ideas of blood purity and the like. I was frankly glad that my mother had gotten away from them when she did and married my father. Whilst he was a pureblood too, albeit from a Norwegian family, he was what one could call a 'blood traitor' – someone who didn't believe that any person was truly superior due to their 'magical blood', if you can even call it that. He sympathised with all kind, and thankfully came from a more liberal family that allowed him to question the unquestionable – something my mother did not have for much of her life. I often thought that such liberal beliefs would surely have turned off my grand-parents, but it was probably something they were willing to ignore considering he was still deemed to be a very worthy match for any pureblood, half-blood, or muggle-born for that matter. As a wealthy heir to a stately pureblood family, Christoffer Vinter was surely a catch and had he not fallen for my mother – Karina Gagarin – I would have very much thought he would have been one of the few to openly defy expectation and marry someone 'completely inappropriate'. I internally eye-rolled at this, but the thought of him deliberately rebelling against set norms out of spite sounded very much like the father I knew and loved. "Secondly?", my mother questioned in her pleasant Russian lilt. Suddenly remembering I was only half-way through answering her many questions, I replied. "Oh… Yeah – secondly – I just couldn't restrain myself from scaring you, it's just too easy. Besides your reaction was priceless", I countered with a half-cocked smirk. "And where was I before? I was visiting dad's grave before we had to leave. I figured seeing as neither of us will be back here for a while, I thought I should visit while I still can." A melancholic look seemed to struck my mother in that moment but it was quickly replaced by a sympathetic smile as she returned a look towards me. "Have you paid your respects then?", she asked, clearly hesitant to press the issue at hand now knowing the real reason for my 'disappearance'. "I have. And everything is packed and ready in that god forsaken trunk", I informed, giving a light kick to the sturdy chest as I recalled the agony – even with magic – of packing and repacking just to make sure everything was there and fit. "Good. We need to go. It's already past 10 and, whilst my apparating skills are quite spectacular – "Spectacular? Really?", I laughed. "Yes, spectacular", she echoed with a look I would say was purely mock haughtiness had I not known her to be quite the prideful woman. "Whilst you did get much from your father, and he was a brilliant wizard, I would have to – humbly, of course – say that you got most of your ability from me." "Of course, how could I have thought otherwise", I replied, smirking. "But yes, I know we need to get there quickly. So…" As I trailed off I placed my hand into hers. Smiling in return, and after I grabbed hold of my trunk, we disapparated in a moment. . . . "I'll send Magnus later, okay? You really are airheaded sometimes, aren't you?", my mother scolded as I waved her goodbye and got onto the train, standing in the doorway only a few minutes before departure. "I know, I know. I'm sorry. I'm pretty sure he won't hold it against me though, considering he is only an owl", I stated sarcastically. Giving my mother one last smile, I began to make my way through the train to find a place to sit as many made their last hasty goodbyes through the windows of the train's compartments. I walked through the narrow corridors, squeezing past those that stood to one side and peered into every compartment quickly, looking for any of my friends. I was quite insistent on finding someone before I resigned myself to sitting alone or worse still – being forced to sit with a bunch of Gryffindor 5th years like the year before. For the whole trip, I was compelled to listen to their greatest Quidditch moments; one-upping each other in an attempt to impress me, I think at least. It didn't work though, of course. One thing that I just couldn't ever find myself liking was Quidditch, something I told them but clearly fell on deaf ears. It was for that reason that I made my way through the train in hopes of finding someone before being stuck for an hours long journey from Kings Cross Station to Hogwarts as captive audience. I passed countless compartments before I thankfully spotted the twins, not five steps away sitting next to each other both reading, of course. I smiled at my friends' predictability. Always, without a doubt, could Regan and Ren be found reading, whether it be Muggle, Wizard or otherwise. I continued walking towards them before placing my trunk on the rack overhead, and plunking myself down across from them, wondering if they would even notice my being there. It was relatively loud where we were seeing as it didn't have the privacy a compartment had and whilst I didn't mind this at all, I often wondered how they could still be reading as deeply as ever. Lo and behold though, Regan – over the top of her book – finally broke the silence. "Took you long enough to find us. You didn't just get onto the train, did you?", asked Regan as she placed her book down, pushing her straight dark hair behind her ear. Through a slightly guilty smile I retorted, "I mean, I got here on time, didn't I? I just had to do something back home – took a little longer than expected that's all. Norway isn't even that far away rea— "Norway? You were in Norway? I thought you were still living in London", interrupted Regan. "Oh, I still live in London most of the time but over the break my mum and I spent a bit of time back home.