Update: July 7th, 2016 So I've been on a Legomance binge for a bit, and my depraved mind has realized that there is a grave shortage of good Legolas smut. This is a bit of a newer thing for me, putting the reader in a first person POV, but I think I kept it consistent throughout. So should you happen to see the tense change or it slip into third person, please notify me! Oh, to clarify, Legolas's partner is a female. Elf, human, I really have no clue nor do I have a preference. All I know is that whomever Legolas is gonna be with will have her own unique abilities and strengths that he won't be able to ignore. For the sake of not having nineteen thousand footnotes, I just put the Sindarian/Quenya translations right next to the phrase. Yes, I used the Grey Company, along with a few other sites, but for the sake of not mixing Sindarian with the Common Tongue I just mixed the two Elvish languages together. Oh, and in case you missed the memo, THIS IS AN M RATED FIC FOR SEX AND LIGHT BDSM. IF EITHER OFFENDS YOU OR YOU DO NOT WISH TO READ, I INVITE YOU TO TURN BACK NOW. Otherwise, please enjoy! Disclaimer: ech selwer do net den Här vun de Réng (Luxembourgish) You hear the door to your flet open and close quietly, and you know he's come home safe. A breath that you've been holding all day finally escapes, and you relax as you listen to him disarm and store his weapons and armor. The background noise is a comfort that you haven't realized you've missed these past weeks without him. But now he is back, and all will be well. You hear him step up behind you where you are working at the laundry counter, folding the freshly cleaned clothes to be put away. "I've missed you, Melamin," ( my love ) Legolas says, slipping an arm around your waist easily. He pulls you close to him, pressing you against his form, and you smile even as you continue to fold clothes. "As I have missed you, a'maelamin," ( my beloved ) you whisper back, leaning into your love's embrace. Legolas presses a kiss to your temple, soft as a feather's touch, and tightens his hold on you the slightest bit. He stands a head taller than you, yet is just as thin and lithe as you are. His hard body conforms to your softer one, and you sigh in contentment. He smells of the forest and of the earth after a long rain and the scent intoxicates you, as it always has, and as it always will. You put down whatever garment you are holding and turn around in his grip to face him, giving him a proper kiss on the lips. You twine your fingers through his long blonde silk hair as your hands come up to wrap around his neck, feeling the small smile gracing his lips against your own. He pulls back after an eternity has past, and you stare into the endless depths of his blue eyes and see nothing but love and adoration and desire in them. "Come to bed," he commands in a soft voice meant for your ears only. You've already laid with him before; this won't be the first time. But his command is something different, something new, something exciting that awakens a fire in you. The prince of the Woodland Realm is showing through a bit, and you find that you rather enjoy this newer side of Legolas. You cannot refuse him, even if you wanted to. "Of course, my Lord," you whisper back to him. A spark lights up his eyes, and he is kissing you again, more heatedly than before. He backs you up slightly, trapping you against the counter you were working on earlier, and his hands slid from your waist to your hip. You can feel his hands gliding over the fabric of your dress even through the haze of his kiss, caressing your body in adoration. He grabs your thigh and wraps your leg around his waist, pulling him closer to you. You moan and wrap your other leg around him, letting him hold you up. Legolas caries you away from the laundry counter and back into your bedroom and you feel his muscles ripple under his tunic with every move he makes. He does not hesitate to kick the door shut, barely taking the time to lock it before he moves towards the bed. He breaks the kiss long enough to lay you out on the bed and crawl over you, trapping your body once more under his. He presses another kiss to your lips, a quick one, and captures your attention again with his eyes. " Lle estellio amin ?" ( Do you trust me? ) he asks quietly, eyes searching you for your answer. You struggle to think for a second through the fog of your passion. Legolas would never hurt you, you know that. You've been together too long and been through too much to not trust him. " Yassen amin coia ." ( With my life. ) Legolas searches your eyes for a moment more, and then a dazzling smile spreads over his features. And he kisses you again, with more passion and love than you ever thought possible. You're close to drowning in it for all of its power. Your hands roam his back while he gently bites your bottom lip, tugging on it the slightest bit, and you gasp. He slides his tongue into your mouth and explores, slowly, as if he had all the time in the world to. He brushes against your tongue, coaxing you to dance with him, and you let him lead you through this new territory. The feeling is new and more than enticing, and you almost beg for more. Just when you feel as though you cannot breathe (you might have just forgotten how to, thanks to a certain woodland elf), Legolas leaves your mouth, kissing your lips and jaw and neck, sending fire down your spine. Your breath leaves your body in a harsh gasp and your chest heaves under his form as he licks and suckles and gently bites your neck, right where it meets your jaw. You never knew how sensitive the area is, and Legolas will not let you soon forget. Your normally acute senses are heightened to almost unnatural levels, and you feel and hear everything. The sound of his own breath against your heated skin and your bodies moving over the satin bedsheets, the feel of his lips on your neck and his hands roaming your body freely. The feeling of Legolas everywhere is almost overwhelming and completely disarming, so much so that you're writhing under him within minutes, breathlessly begging him not to tease you and draw out this blissful torture any longer. He hears you, and meets your eye for a second. You can barely think straight, but you recognize the look in his eye. It is one of mischief, and you know it will mean trouble of some kind for you. He hums against your neck softly, removing his hands from your body for a moment to capture your hands in his, twining your fingers together and pressing your hands into the mattress on either side of your head, and immediately resumes his ministrations at your neck. You gasp and moan all the more, your body twisting under his, aching for a release that he is denying you. The feeling of being trapped under his form, of not being able to even use your hands to touch him, of his almost merciless teasing pushes you higher than you've ever been in your other encounters with him; the feeling is like a drug, and you are now hopelessly addicted. Finally, finally, he pulls away from your neck just when you think you would burn up in his arms and kisses you again roughly, telling you of his intense desire for you and only you, for your love, even for your body without saying a word, and you answer with as much zeal, gripping his hands tightly and arching under him, pressing your bodies as close as they can get. Legolas growls low in his throat and pulls at the collar of your dress as he takes your mouth, tugging at the laces in the front almost desperately, impatient to get the garment off your form. You shiver at how possessive he sounds, like a wolf protecting the female he declares to be his mate. "Take that dress off," Legolas says, his voice heavy with lust, and you don't even need to think twice about it. He frees your hands long enough to open the laces of the dress, and he waits as you pull it off, tossing it to the side to land somewhere on the bedroom floor. His tunic joins it soon afterward, and then Legolas is back on top of you, pushing you back onto the mattress and trapping both your hands in one of his again. Your breathing speeds up and you watch as he pulls his belt from around his own hips and wraps your wrists in the soft leather. A thrill of fear laces down your spine, and you stare at your bound hands. He's done a good job; the leather won't give without his help or a lot of pain on your part, but it is not too tight on your wrists. He secures your hands to the frame of the bed, and your eyes flash to him in fear. Legolas is looking at you, meeting your frightened gaze with more love. He does not leave, as you fear he would, and he is hovering over you, not trapping you down like before. His gentle hand caresses your face, and his eyes are asking you to trust him. You are afraid, yes, but this is Legolas. Your one and only love. He will not harm you, neither will he abandon you, nor will he dishonor you. A part of you wants to explore this new side, as terrifying as it may seem. So you take a deep breath and nod to him. "Please, Legolas, do not stop," you whisper. He lays back down on top of you and kisses you sweetly, smoothing your loose hair away from your face. "Are you sure? We don't have to," he murmurs to you as he presses his forehead against yours. You're suddenly aware that you are completely exposed to him, bare for him to look at, and unable to move thanks to your bound wrists and his hard body pressed against yours. And for some reason, that knowledge makes warmth flood your systems and pool between your legs. You want more. More of this new sensation, more of this new way to make love, and more of Legolas. And you make the choice to submit to his love. " Karnel amin, Heruamin ," ( Make love to me, my Lord ) you whisper, letting him read the trust and love behind your decision in your eyes. And then he is back at your mouth, possessing and demanding, drawing your arousal back to the fever pitch it was at before. His now free hands glide over your naked skin, tracing invisible lines and patterns that leave more fire in his wake. Without warning he caresses your breasts, teasing the soft nipples to a hard point and gently massaging the swollen tissue. Gentle and firm, his calloused hands make you cry out for more into your kiss, and this time Legolas acquiesces, gently tugging on the pink peaks and giving them soft flicks that feel like lightning is running through your body until you thrash against his hands and your bonds. He finally releases your mouth, keeping his eyes locked on yours as he kisses each nipple, as if