***THE WONDERFULLY TALENTED STEPHENIE MEYER OWNS ALL THINGS TWILIGHT. I OWN A BIG BOX OF LAUNDRY DETERGENT*** A/N: Bits and pieces of this story were inspired by my new friend Kimpy and a few of her wonderful stories! Check them out too! Saturday mornings for me are usually always the same. I wake up earlier than I care to, but my internal alarm clock can't be turned off for Saturday and Sunday. As soon as I get up, I have my breakfast and read the paper. I have a thing for a routine. I've always been like that. When something changes my routine, I'm thrown off kilter for the rest of the day. Today is one of those days. I finished my paper and headed upstairs to get dressed for the day. Slipping on a tank top and some yoga pants, I twisted my hair up and plopped a clip in it. Casual Bella is in da house today! I stripped the sheets off my bed and added them to the pile of my weeks' worth of dirty laundry and headed down to the laundry room. Once I arrived I began to sort the like colors, whites, and towels. I started the washer and added my detergent as the water began to fill up. Tossing in all my towels I closed the lid and went back to the living room to start my dusting ritual. God I need a life. Every week it's the same thing, but like I said, I need a routine. By day I work for the County Sheriff's Department as a 911 dispatcher. I find the job to be so fulfilling and at the same time it can be hectic and scary. I like to help people and knowing that sometimes my voice is the one that they cling to until help arrives give me an adrenaline rush. By the same token, it pains me so deeply when I lose a caller or can't get help to someone quickly enough. That's the part of the job that I hate, but I come from a long line of law enforcement professionals. My father is Chief of Police in Forks, Washington and his father before him was a police chief as well. My mother Renee used to be a Deputy Sheriff too. In fact, that's how she met my dad and well, that's how I got here. There is however one part of my job that I thoroughly enjoy. That part would be the on again, off again relationship I have with Department of Public Safety Trooper Edward Cullen. Trooper Cullen is the fuckhot police officer that sets my pants on fire. We have been seeing each other, so to speak, for the better part of two years now. The relationship is complicated to say the least. We're not forbidden to date co-workers but it is slightly frowned upon, especially when they are above you in the chain of command. I guess Edward and I have the kind of "friends with benefits" relationship. Basically we don't really go out on dates per say, we pretty much just hook up here and there. We have made it exclusive for lack of a better term. I don't have sex with anyone else and neither does he. We both get tested every six months and I'm on the birth control shot, so we always "fly without a parachute" which is beyond words. Edward is beautiful. He's the epitome of perfection and goddamn it if he doesn't look amazing in that uniform. Add the mirrored sunglasses and I'm gone. He's six feet three inches tall and weighs a lean mean 180 pounds. Edward is very physically fit, which in his line of work he has to be. Since he is a Texas State Trooper, part of the uniform is a gray cowboy hat and let me fucking tell you, that man rocks the shit out of that hat. When he's not in uniform, he has a mess of bronze hair on top of his head that sits in permanent disarray and has never seen a comb. But he makes it work and rocks that sex hair like nobody else. His deep green eyes are soul piercing and orgasm inducing. Shit, I just realized that it's been a couple of weeks since I've been with Edward. That needs to be remedied soon. Snapping back into reality I realize that my towels should be finished washing by now so I head to the laundry room to put them in the dryer and start a new load. When I open the lid to the washer, all I find is a tub full of water and still dirty towels. Shit. Apparently my washer is broken. Motherfucking son of a bitch cock sucking whore. Now I will have to load all these fucking wet towels and drive to the Laundromat to finish all my washing, which will keep me there for a while, thus blowing my routine all to shit. Fuuuuuuck! An hour later I am walking into the Laundromat with my fucking wet towels in a garbage bag and the rest of my laundry in a basket. Naturally since it's Saturday the place is packed so I'll have to wait for a washer and dryer to become available. Have I mentioned that I hate my life right now? Taking a seat I decide to just make the best of the situation and pull out my iPhone so I can play a game. About half way into my first game of Words with Friends a washer and dryer becomes available so I move to where they are located and throw my wet towels in to wash. As I'm reaching up to put in the money to start the machine I feel a hard body press up against me and a scent I am quite familiar with envelopes me. "Freeze Ms. Swan. Do not move. Do you understand me?" Edward whispers in my ear and I can't help the shudder that runs through me. I nod slowly. "Good girl. I'd hate to have to frisk you here in public where everyone can see us." I can tell just by his tone that he is smiling but I don't dare turn around. I fucking love it when Trooper Fuckhot speaks to me with authority. "Is that your weapon poking me in the ass or are you just glad to see me?" I can't help teasing him because I know he secretly loves it. "Oh I assure you I am happy to see you. Bella, it's been two weeks since I have been in that tight pussy. Why have you stayed away from me that long? You know I love burying myself balls deep in that kitty cat." God this man is going to be the death of me. He's making me a puddle of Bella goo right here in the fucking Laundromat. "How did you know I was here? Are you stalking me?" It doesn't escape me that he is still pressed tightly up against me and has his mouth pressed against my ear while he whispers to me. This could turn indecent very quickly. "Bella, you checked in here on your Facebook page. Remember?" He's right, I did. See, this is how he affects me. "Oh yeah, I guess I did. Hey, could you back up so I can start this load?" And so I don't absolutely pounce on your fine ass. Edward backs up just enough for me to start the washer and turn around to face him. That is probably a mistake as I get my first look at his appearance. Apparently Trooper Fuckhot has been working out this morning. He is wearing a gray wife beater T shirt that only shows off his perfectly toned and muscular arms, gray bicycle shorts and black shorts over them along with his sneakers. I know he has a weapon on him but I can't see where he has it. Well, he has several weapons, but I'm talking about the Smith & Wesson variety. My mind drifts to the nine inch weapon he carries in his crotch. Yes, I'm serious, I measured. Don't judge me. "Why didn't you call me and just come over to my place to finish your laundry? You know, that way we could have kept ourselves occupied while it finished." He wiggles his eyebrows suggestively at me and I mentally slap myself in the head for not thinking of that idea. "I didn't think of it honestly. Besides, I haven't heard from you in a while so I didn't know if you would be home or out of town or even on duty." "Nah, I'm off the entire next week. I have to go out of town to my High School ten year class reunion. Our shifts have been incompatible lately so I guess I forgot to tell you. Listen Bella, I want to talk to you about something. How about we gather up your clothes and go back to my place so you can finish? I'll be completely honest with you. I need to be with you. It's been too long and honestly I'm craving you. Once this load finishes we'll load it up and head out. What do you think?" Ha! Like I'm ever going to turn down hot sex with Trooper Fuckhot. I don't think so. "Ok. That sounds amazing actually. I think I'm going to have to go shopping soon for a new washer." "Hey Bella, no rush you know? You can use mine as long as you want to. I don't mind at all. In fact, I'll get you a key to my place. That way you always have access to it." Wait, did he just offer me a key to his house? Son of a bitch! Isn't that kind of something a boyfriend might do? I mean, I never really stopped to think about it. Shit. Does Edward want more from me? You know what, let me just calm the fuck down and quit reading more into this than it probably is. No way would Trooper Fuckhot want a relationship with me when he could have anyone. Hell, all the bitches at work walk around fluffing their tails around him as soon as he enters a room. "Edward you don't have to do that, really it's ok." "Oh please, don't worry about it. Come on, let's go grab a soda and load the rest of your clothes in my truck while we wait for this load to finish up." He grabs my hand and leads me next door to the convenience store to grab something to drink. After a few minutes my load is done washing so I put it back in the garbage bag and Edward loads it in his just-as-hot-as-he-is brand new Chevrolet Silverado Crew Cab truck. It's black and shiny and has leather interior and every option known to man. Shit, there is just something about a man with a truck that turns me the fuck on. I make a mental note to give Edward some good road head in this truck soon. I am following Edward to his house when we come upon a traffic accident. It looks pretty bad so we both stop and get out to see if we can offer any help. We both know the Troopers that are working the accident so Edward walks right up to see what happened. "Hey Jake, what happened man? This looks bad." Jacob Black is the Trooper in charge at the scene. He's just as beautiful as Edward, except Jacob is 100% Quileute Indian, so he's dark skinned, has dark hair and eyes, and the most brilliant, gleaming smile you have ever seen. "Oh hey Edward, Bella. Well from what we can tell, the guy driving the Nissan truck has been drinking. Looks like he clipped the rear end of that Toyota Camry and sent it into the ditch. The lady is hurt pretty bad