***STEPHENIE MEYER OWNS ALL THINGS TWILIGHT*** A/N: Hey guys! Ally and I are so excited to bring you our new collaboration piece. We hope you enjoy it and support it as much as you did our last one, I Always Do . I will be penning EPOV again and Ally will be penning BPOV. We hope to update weekly. Enjoy the story! SPECIAL THANKS TO OUR FABULOUS BANNER MAKER MARIE CARRO…she came thru for us yet again! EPOV The annoying buzzing of my alarm clock wakes me from the hottest dream I've had in a long time. I was on a beach somewhere tropical with an ice cold Corona in my hand and sitting beside a gorgeous brunette with luscious breasts shoved into a teeny bikini. She had just been straddling me after giving me the best damn blow job I ever had. Naturally, my cock was hard as a rock. Fantastic. Well at least I didn't jizz in my bed. Again. I am a pathetic fuck for sure. Yes, my name is Edward Cullen, and I am 19 years old and about to embark on my first day as a college student at UDub. But first, I may need to take care of my little problem. Of course this shit would be so much easier if I didn't weigh 305 pounds. Yeah, not only am I a pathetic fuck, but I'm a very LARGE pathetic fuck. What can I say? I like food. All food. A lot. Being in good shape has never really been a priority in my life. I figure I have plenty of time to get healthy, so now I'm gonna live it up and do what I want. Luckily for me, I have a good looking face, great teeth, beautiful eyes, my ex-girlfriend's words, not mine, and apparently I have some sort of smirk that drives women wild. Again, her words not mine. And before you say it, yes, I said ex-girlfriend. Leah Clearwater was my first and only everything. We were together our junior year of high school. She broke up with me when I started piling on the weight. I gained 100 pounds from the time we got together until I graduated high school a few months ago. She said she couldn't deal with being with my "fat ass" anymore. Fuck her. Who needs her? Not me. Not when I have my lotion and Palmela. Less complications. Finally deciding to haul my ass out of bed, I make it to the shower and take care of my issue. Once I'm dressed I grab my backpack and head downstairs. Luckily everyone seems to have left for work and school already. I live with my Mom and Dad, Carlisle and Esme, and my little sister, Alice, who is a junior in high school. I opted to live at home instead of in the dorms. Have you seen those rooms? They are way too small and I really didn't want to have to put up with a roommate. Like I said, I'm a big guy. I am 6'2". I'd like to say I enjoyed a nice breakfast of oatmeal and fat free yogurt, but fuck that, I like to eat. Checking out the pantry, I settle on a box of pop tarts. Yes, I think I will. Brown Sugar and Cinnamon. Always a treat. How many do you want this morning Edward? Screw it, I think, as I grab the entire box and shove them in my bag. The drive to school gives me a little time to think about some stuff. See, I'll let you in on a little secret. I'm really not as cocky as I appear to everyone. I've built up this persona to spare myself some hurt and pain. Society says that I'm repulsive because of my size. It doesn't matter if I have the face of a model or if I'm the sweetest guy you know. Because I weigh over 300 pounds, I'm automatically deemed lazy and pathetic. I've heard it all. High school was horrible for the most part. That's when I decided to become Edward Cullen, cocky, cool, and collected. But college was going to be different. Surely it would, right? College students were more mature. This wasn't high school anymore. People would be nice to me here, right? Soon I was pulling into the parking lot at UDub. I had been here earlier in the week for freshman orientation, where I picked up my schedule and all that shit. My first class started in fifteen minutes. I was looking forward to it because it was right up my alley, an English class studying Medieval and Early Modern Literature. If you couldn't guess, I am an English major. I know, most freshmen aren't sure what they want to be when they grow up, but I've always known I wanted to be a journalist. Writing is my absolute passion. This class was going to be great and I found myself pretty fucking excited. Walking toward where I thought I was supposed to go, I noticed several students congregating beside what looked like a lounge of some sort. They were all beautiful people of course. The two girls were tall and thin, supermodel types, while the guys looked to be jocks. I kept my head down as I walked past. Blend in Edward, don't look them in the eye and hopefully they won't say anything. I could feel the knot in my stomach tightening as I walked by them. I heard a couple snickers and one of the guys said 'Damn!'. Now, there's no way to know if they were even aware I was there, but in my mind, they were talking about me. No, you know what? Fuck that noise. It was time for Cocky Cullen to emerge. I held my head up higher and kept on walking, trying to put some swagger in my step; well, as much swagger as you can have when you are as big as a tank. Thank fuck I finally found my classroom and thank another fuck, there were tables and chairs instead of those little bitty damn desks. Have you SEEN someone my size try to fit into one of those fuckers? Yeah, it ain't pretty. I quickly found a table near the back of the class. I found that to be the best place for me. Tossing my backpack on the table, I got my laptop out and started to get it all situated. The class was filling up fast so I was glad I had arrived a bit early. Just as I was placing my backpack on the ground beside my chair, the sweetest voice I had ever heard was beside me. "Hi there…um…is anyone sitting here?" I looked up and lost my damn breath. The most beautiful woman in the fucking world was pointing to the chair beside me and smiling. Her hair was long and wavy, falling halfway down her back like a satin curtain of Godiva chocolate. She had the most alluring, soulful brown eyes I had ever seen and her smile, God, her smile was like nothing I had ever seen in my life. She wasn't heavy but she wasn't super thin either. She was curvy. In all the right places. She was fucking perfect. Suddenly I realized I hadn't answered her. Great Cullen. Way to make friends, you dumb fuck. Shaking off the lust induced haze, I managed to speak. "Sorry! No, um…no one is sitting there." I gestured to the seat with my hand. "Please, be my guest." "Thanks! I hate sitting in the front. Are you sure you don't mind?" She scrunched up her nose and it was fucking adorable. I may have been in love with her already. "Yeah, I know what you mean. I'm a backdoor kinda guy myself." What the fuck did I just say? The startled look on her face told me she caught my slip. "Uh…shit, I'm sorry, that sounded terrible. Ugh, sometimes I should just really be mute." I face palmed myself and she giggled. Have I mentioned that this may indeed be the future Mrs. Cullen? "Don't worry about it. I thought it was funny. Um…I'm Bella Swan by the way." "Oh yeah, hey Bella. I'm Edward Cullen. It's a pleasure to meet you." She reached out and took my hand and I nearly came in my jeans. Her touch created an electricity like I had never felt before. She must have felt it too because she flinched slightly. The professor came in and began the lesson. I struggled to pay attention, completely distracted by the beauty sitting to my right. Jesus, she even smelled like heaven. This was going to become my absolute favorite class, I was sure of it. An hour and a half later the class was over and I didn't want it to end. I had to think of something quickly because I needed to know this woman. Time for me to nut up or shut up. "So, Bella, would you care to be my study partner? I mean, if you don't have someone already?" Please say yes…please say yes. "That would be great Edward. I'd love to. Hey, give me your phone and I'll put my number in it, then you call me and I'll have yours. Text me anytime." "Ok, cool. I really appreciate it. Thanks for being so sweet Bella." I winked at her and was rewarded with the most beautiful blush I had ever seen. Yep. It's official. I was in love with Bella Swan. As the weeks of our freshman year flew by, Bella and I grew to be best friends. I found out that she was an only child and she was from a small town not far from here called Forks. Her father, Charlie, was the Chief of Police there. She too was an English major, so we had a lot in common, including our love of the classics, like Romeo and Juliet. We spent most of our down time between classes and on weekends together. I found myself falling for Bella harder as the days went by. She didn't have a boyfriend and I desperately wanted to be that man in her life. I couldn't do it though. I couldn't confess my true feelings for Bella because I was scared. I was fucking terrified she would reject me because of my weight. To her credit though, she never acted like it bothered her in the least. We would often snuggle on the couch in her apartment while we watched movies. I loved the feeling of Bella's body pressed against my side. Nothing sexual ever happened because we were just friends. I was probably the cleanest guy at UDub though, because I spent a lot of time in the shower. Being with Bella so much kept my dick in a constant state of arousal. I was actually happy about having a big belly sometimes because it hid my hard on from her. During Spring Break, the morning Bella left for Forks to spend a few days with her Dad, I was laying on my bed with my arm across my eyes just relaxing. She had gone to use my bathroom. I didn't even hear the door open when she came back out. "CANNONBALL!" Bella took a running leap from halfway across the room and landed on my bed. Let me rephrase that. She landed on my bed, straddling me with her ass situated squarely over my cock. Before I knew what happened, she had pinned my arms above my head and was leaning down inches away from my face. I was seriously about to come. I lost my breath and lay there staring at her with my mouth agape. Finally she spoke. "Hey Cullen, I'm going to miss you. A lot." She smiled widely. Shit, I needed to compose myself and get my shit together. "I'm going to miss you too Sweetheart. More than you know."