Contest Entry for the Deep South Contest Title: The Cowboy Rides Away Name: CullenSweetheart Pairing: Edward and Bella Rating: M Beta(s): AlbertaGirl78 and edwardrocksmysocks Summary: Bella Swan's world is rocked by Wrangler wearin' bull rider, Edward Cullen when her band, Swan Song, gets their dream gig playing at the famous Houston Livestock Show & Rodeo. Will the Cowboy ride away with the Country Girl's heart or will they ride off into the sunset side by side? Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. BPOV I threw my keys onto the kitchen island along with my purse and the mail. This job was going to be the death of me. When I graduated from college with my degree in Accounting, I knew it would be well worth all the hard work and study time I had put in. I was able to start working two weeks after I graduated and soon after that I became a CPA. So basically, I made a great living here in Houston. My passion though, was what I did on the weekends. I was the lead singer of Swan Song, the country music trio I formed three years ago along with my two best friends, Alice Brandon and Rosalie Hale. We had a pretty good following in our area and all the surrounding small Texas towns. While I was the lead singer, Alice played guitar and sang backup and Rosalie was our drummer as well as a backup singer. We had done our time in the small honky tonks and county fairs and this year we were doing something we had only dreamed of. We were invited to perform at The Hideout. This was basically a large white tent situated outside on the grounds at Reliant Park, where all the major concerts were held. The Hideout was known to showcase up and coming talent on the Texas music scene and Swan Song had been invited to play several nights this year. We had been rehearsing nonstop along with holding down our regular jobs. Later that night as I snuggled down into my bed I wondered what it was going to be like to play to the crowd that attended the rodeo. We had played for some pretty good sized crowds but this was a big deal. The HLS&R was something huge in Houston every year. Some people had been given their big breaks after playing at The Hideout. I could only hope this was our year. I had a feeling my life was going to change no matter what. EPOV "Emmett, get your fucking big ass off me. I'm trying to fucking drive here dumbass!" I tried to move the large motherfucker that was currently asleep on my shoulder. He was my brother, but he was a pain in my ass. I had been driving for seven hours straight since we left our home in Lawton, Oklahoma. I was tired, but I could just make out the Houston skyline in the distance and I knew we were almost there. My name is Edward Cullen and I am the 2012 Houston Livestock Show & Rodeo Bull Riding Champion. I've been riding bulls since I was fourteen years old. Last year was absolutely my year. All my rides had been perfect and I was finally able to win that buckle. My dad, Carlisle, had been a bull riding champion in his younger days and I always strived to be like him. He was my hero. My brother Emmett, the large asshole I mentioned earlier, is my agent and travels with me. Our cousin, Jasper is a champion steer wrestler and also travels with us. Together the three of us navigate the highways across the country going from rodeo to rodeo winning money and prizes, but more importantly respect from our competitors. The HLS&R is one of the grandest stages of all. If you make something of yourself there, well, you've made it to the big time. "Shit, are we fucking there yet?" Jasper asks, his voice thick with sleep. "Yes we are. Thank God. Help me get this big ape off me." I tried to wiggle out from under Emmett and he barely stirred. Finally with Jasper's help we managed to wake up Sleeping Beauty. "Dude, you are like a fucking zombie when you sleep." Jasper pushed Emmett's shoulder as the giant asshole finally became coherent. "Are we at the hotel? I'm hungry. Fuck Edward, what time is it?" The jackass was completely confused, so Jasper and I decided to fuck with him a little bit because we were assholes like that. "Emmett, we are about to head out to Houston. It's a little after five in the morning. We have a seven hour drive ahead of us so you better go piss and feed yourself." I fought the snicker that threatened to escape as Emmett tried to reason out what I had just told him in his mind. Jasper was quick to add to the charade. "Hey Em, do you mind if I take the front seat this trip? I'll help Edward drive this time." The look on Emmett's face was priceless, but it didn't take long for him to realize we were pulling his dick. "Oh, fuck you assholes! Do you think I'm so stupid that I don't recognize Reliant Stadium? We're here dickheads. Now move, I gotta piss." He stumbled into the lobby of the hotel we were booked at and began searching for a bathroom. Jasper and I grabbed our suitcases and walked into the lobby to check in. After a few minutes we had keys to our individual rooms and Emmett was back from his trip to the bathroom. "I'm going to bed guys. I'll meet you two in the morning about ten. Don't wake me up before then." I gave them each a pointed look and they knew I meant business. I was not a morning person. Ever. We all went to our rooms and I slipped into the shower to rinse off the "where I came from dust". I laughed thinking of the Jason Aldean song I had quoted in my mind. Jesus fuck, I must be tired because I'm talking to my damn self and answering. Not even bothering to put on any clothes, I threw myself into the bed butt assed naked and quickly fell into dreamland. Tomorrow was the beginning of the biggest rodeo in Texas and I was the reigning championship bull rider. I had a title to defend and I meant to do just that. BPOV "Hey Bella, do you have my hot pink Cruel Girl shirt?" Rosalie was digging around in my closet like she owned the place. Good thing I didn't have anything to hide because her nosy ass was all in my shit. "Why would I have your shirt Rose? It doesn't even fit me, remember? Your boobs are way bigger than mine." "Oh yeah. True. I bet I left it at my fucking apartment. Shit. Oh well, I'll find something else." She went back into the bathroom to finish straightening her long blonde hair. Rosalie Hale looked like a damn supermodel. Bitch. Tonight was opening night at the rodeo. We were playing a couple sets at The Hideout and we needed to be there in an hour. Alice was meeting us there since she had to work late. She said she'd change before she left her office and we would have thirty minutes to do a quick sound check before our set started. To say I was nervous was an understatement. I was terrified. I hoped my voice would be strong and not shaky with nerves. "Damn girl that looks fucking hot. We're gonna kick some ass tonight Bell. This is our year. I feel it." Rosalie looked stunning. She was wearing a skin tight pair of blingy jeans with a studded belt, a dark red sequined halter top and her red high heeled boots. I had decided to wear a denim miniskirt with a blinged out royal blue tank top and a sheer black shirt over that tied at my waist. I had my new black blingy boots on and I felt amazing. I curled my hair and clipped it up so it fell down the center of my back and my smoky eyes finished out my look. "We better get a move on. Alice is going to have our asses if we're late." Rosalie agreed so we piled into my brand new 2013 Indigo Blue Metallic Chevrolet Silverado and were on our way to Reliant Park. "It's about time ya'll decided to get here! I've been going nuts." Alice Brandon was what you would call a little stick of dynamite. She barely weighed 100 pounds and at only five feet two inches tall she was a force to be reckoned with. "Oh keep your hair on Alice. We aren't that late." Rosalie never was one to mince words. A tall man wearing a headset came over and asked if we were Swan Song. I told him we were so he led us to The Hideout and helped us get set up for our sound check. An hour later the tent was beginning to fill up and Rosalie, Alice, and I were in the trailer parked behind the stage entrance touching up our makeup before we went on. We had our customary beer before the show and Alice finished out our routine with our group prayer. It was time to rock this place. "Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to The Hideout!" The crowd roared as the emcee made his way to the stage. "Taking the stage now is Houston's very own version of sexy as hell. Please give a warm Hideout welcome to Swan Song!" We made our way to the stage and I was immediately aware of a pair of green eyes in the front row as they followed me to the microphone. There stood the most beautiful cowboy I had ever seen in my entire life. He was wearing painted on black Wrangler jeans, black boots, a deep forest green western shirt, a black and silver belt with a large platter belt buckle in the front and a black felt cowboy hat. My eyes found his and I couldn't look away. It appeared that he couldn't either. I had to collect myself as Rosalie counted off our first song. We started off with a cover of Carrie Underwood's Cowboy Casanova . As I sang, I took the microphone off the stand and walked around the stage singing. I noticed that Cowboy Hotness had two friends with him. One was a large good looking guy with muscles on top of muscles and what looked like dark hair peeking out from under his cowboy hat. I noticed he had dimples and a really adorable face. The other guy was blonde, lean, and tall. He was really cute too. Without meaning to, I found myself standing right in front of Cowboy Hotness while I sang. Apparently the beer I had before the show was making me feel really uninhibited, because I crooked my finger in a come-hither motion and the gorgeous cowboy complied immediately. He was holding a Miller Lite longneck in one hand and reached out to take my offered hand with his other. I hopped down off the stage, microphone in my hand and wrapped my other arm around his neck and ran my fingers through the short hair at the back of his neck. He wrapped a possessive arm around my waist and pulled me to him and we began to sway to the music. Singing directly to him, our gazes never wavered. It didn't escape me that he was running his hand up and down from my waist to the curve of my ass. It also didn't escape me that it felt like fucking sin and I loved it. Too soon, the song ended and I took the beer from