Contest Entry for Lyrics to Life Contest Title: Remind Me Name: AlbertaGirl78 and CullenSweetheart Pairing: Edward and Bella Rating: M Word Count: 8656 Beta/Pre-reader: edwardrocksmysocks REMIND ME by Brad Paisley/Carrie Underwood watch?v=7qzhngp7jh8 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary: Faced with the realization that their 10 year marriage is in trouble, Edward and Bella Cullen make a final effort to save it by going back to the place they shared a passionate honeymoon. Can the special destination remind them how things used to be and can the Cullens find their way back to each other, or do they realize that it's truly over? EPOV My marriage was in trouble. The more I wanted to deny it, the more it became abundantly clear. Bella was my high school girlfriend, college sweetheart, and had been my wife for the last ten years. Our passionate love had been the center of our universe at one time. I walked around with a near constant hard on for our entire relationship it seemed. But our love was far greater than physical. Bella was and is my soul mate. I'm certain of it. I guess you could say we have drifted apart slowly, neither of us really noticing it. We had begun to spend less and less time together over the last couple of months. Weekends used to be our time since we didn't have any children. We would at the very least have dinner out somewhere Saturday night and come home to watch a couple movies, then head to bed where we'd typically make love and fall asleep soon after. But recently Bella would always have plans with her friends or co-workers and I found myself hanging out with my brother Emmett at his house playing Call of Duty or some other violent video game. I knew Bella wasn't cheating on me and I would never cheat on her, it just wasn't something we would or could ever do to each other. Whatever it was though, it was serious. It was Saturday night and Bella had called and said she wouldn't be home until very late because she was going out for drinks with her co-worker Jessica after the two of them had been shopping all day. Sighing, I packaged up Bella's part of the dinner I made for us and placed it in the refrigerator. Tonight I was going to ask Bella for a fresh start. I planned out the dinner, picked up her favorite movie from the Red Box, and even stopped by Victoria's Secret and bought her a new lingerie set, hoping she'd wear it for me tonight. Just imaging Bella in the outfit I selected had my cock hard as steel to the point of being painful. I slumped down on our sofa and popped in the movie while I kicked back with a cold beer. The more I thought about the lingerie, the harder I got, the more I wanted to drag Bella home and fuck her into next week. I missed her. I missed her touch, the look in her eyes when she wanted me, her breath on my skin as she snuggled under my chin and pressed her tight little body against me. Knowing it would be several more hours until she would be home, I got up from the couch and made my way upstairs to the shower to relieve the ache between my legs. Rubbing one out in the shower was becoming more and more my norm. I hadn't jacked off this much since I was a teenager. Settling myself under the hot spray, I braced my left arm against the wall, while I took my throbbing cock in the palm of my right hand. Visions of Bella riding me the last time we had sex filled my head. She had surprised me with a striptease for my birthday and the sex was mind blowing. Sadly that was June and it was now August. We hadn't been intimate since. Willing away the bad feelings, I summoned up a memory of our honeymoon. Bella's pert nipples in my mouth, moaning my name while she writhed underneath me, and hearing her say how much she loved me. Before I knew it, I was spilling my seed down the drain and groaning out Bella's name. After drying off and cleaning up downstairs, I decided to head to my home office and do a little work. Being a lawyer involved a lot of late night paperwork being finished up. Luckily I was able to do it from home. I was there working on a legal brief when I heard the front door close and Bella's keys drop into the bowl on the table beside the door. I didn't even bother to alert her to my presence. Within a few minutes, she was walking into my office. "Hey Edward, I'm home. You coming to bed?" She leaned against the doorframe looking adorable. "Hi baby. No, I'm in the middle of something here. Go to sleep. I'll see you in the morning." I blew her a kiss and went back to my work. I knew I was being an asshole, but I couldn't find it in myself to give a shit. She had a choice tonight and she didn't choose me. Fuck her. I never made it to bed that night, instead choosing to sleep on the couch in my office. I was awakened to the sound of slamming pots and pans. Isabella Cullen was pissed off. I walked into the kitchen to find Bella standing at the sink with her arms crossed in front of her chest, staring vacantly at the floor. "Good morning" I said as I walked to the coffee pot to pour myself a cup. "Would you mind telling me why you didn't sleep in our bed last night?" She was shooting daggers at me. "I knew you would be tired and I worked late. I didn't want to disturb you. I'm sure you and Jessica had a tiring day yesterday" I said with a little more sarcasm than I had intended. "What's with the Victoria's Secret bag on the bed?" "That's nothing. Forget you saw it. I'll be taking it back today." "Was it for me Edward?" I stopped in my tracks and spun on my heels. "What are you alluding to Bella?" I raised an eyebrow at her. Surely she wasn't going to go there. "Did you buy it for me?" "Fuck Isabella, who the fuck else would I buy it for? Had you bothered to come home last night after shopping all day, you would have found a homemade dinner, movie, wine, and a sexy new outfit that your husband happened to think would look exquisitely beautiful on you. Furthermore, after the dinner and movie, I had rather hoped to be able to make love to my beautiful wife instead of jacking off in the shower for the hundredth time in the last couple of months. But you chose your friends Bella. You chose to spend the day and evening with friends instead of your husband. You didn't choose me, AGAIN. Truthfully I'm at the end Bella. I'm done. Do you even fucking love me anymore? Because from where I'm standing, the answer is blindingly obvious." Fuck, I hadn't meant to say all that, but once it started coming out it wouldn't stop. "Oh and I guess the Great Edward Cullen is the victim here right? You've never chosen your work over me, I'm sure. Edward, we have problems. Serious problems. I'm not sure I want to remain in this marriage anymore." Her words sliced through me like a bolt of lightning and shattered my very soul. "Come on Bella, sure, we have some serious problems that need to be immediately dealt with. I agree. But do you really mean that you don't want to be married to me anymore? Baby?" My voice cracked when I called her the term of endearment I had used since we began dating so many years ago. "Yes Edward I mean every word I just said. I'm miserable. You're miserable. I'm not sure there's anything left to save." She walked past me and as her shoulder brushed mine, I lightly grabbed her wrist, stopping her. "Look at me Isabella. Look me in the eyes and tell me you don't love me anymore. Tell me you want out of this marriage and I will have the papers drawn up today. If you say those words to me, Isabella Marie Cullen, if you tell me that you no longer want to be my wife, my heart, and my soul, you better fucking mean every god damned word of it. Because once that's been said, there is no going back." I waited and held my breath for what felt like an eternity. Finally Bella looked at me, her eyes filled with tears and reached up to cup my cheek. "Remind me Edward. Remind me how it used to be. I'm begging you." BPOV I don't know when our marriage started to lose its luster. If I could take a guess, it would have been about 4 years ago. Right around the time that Edward was fighting to make partner at the law firm he worked at. It seemed so gradual that I barely noticed. We went from being a very passionately in love couple to barely talking some nights. We used to have dinner together every Saturday night, watch some movies and make love. But the last few months, one of us had always been busy. Over the last several weeks, I had spent a lot of time with my friend and co-worker Jessica. She was single and always up to getting out of the house for a coffee or a few drinks. She always listened to me when I wanted to vent about my marriage, which had been happening a lot in the last couple of months. One night a few weeks ago after a staff meeting she and I went to Starbucks to discuss the changes administration wanted to make at the school when I got a text from Edward saying he was stuck at work for a couple more hours and not to hold dinner for him. I wasn't mad at the fact that he had to be at work late, I was upset that he didn't even remember that I wasn't going to be home either. I had told him the night before about the district wide faculty meeting across town, but it seemed that as usual as of late, it went in one ear and came out the other. I shared my displeasure with Jessica. "I don't know why you don't just leave him. He obviously cares more about his job than he does about your marriage. Maybe he isn't actually working, maybe he is boning his secretary" "Edward would never cheat on me." I knew that for a fact. That was always something neither of us could or would do to the other. "I still love him. I don't want to lose the one person I have loved for most of my life." "Still, if you put yourself on the market, you could be my wing-woman. Bella, you're gorgeous and could have any man you want. Not one that seems to ignore you most of the time." I knew that ending my marriage was not the answer to our problems. But she planted a seed and it seemed to grow little by little. I thought about what she said all the time, and it made me doubt myself, Edward and our marriage. Did he even love me anymore? Friday afternoon, Jessica asked if I wanted to go shopping with her and Lauren and then out for some drinks and dancing Saturday. I agreed, cause really, Edward was most likely going to be working, so why stay at home? I met the girls at the mall and