CONTEST ENTRY FOR LYRICS TO LIFE CONTEST TITLE: Celebrating Silver NAME: CullenSweetheart PAIRING: Edward and Bella RATING: M WORD COUNT: 3802 BETA/PRE-READER: AlbertaGirl78 SONG: Then-Brad Paisley watch?v=-AtaZ_NU_tU DISCLAIMER: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. SUMMARY: Celebrating their 25 th Wedding Anniversary, Edward and Bella share a special dance and look back over the last twenty five years. From their first meeting to their first date, to the birth of their children and everything in between. Told in EPOV. "Mrs. Cullen, may I have this dance?" I held out my hand to the love of my life. "Of course Mr. Cullen. I thought you'd never ask." She smiles widely, that special smile. The one that is just for me and I'm lost in her beauty. My Bella is still just as gorgeous as she was the first time I laid eyes on her. Kissing her hand I lead her to the dance floor as all of our hundred plus guests begin to applaud. Bella blushes of course. Some things never change. "You look beautiful tonight Sweetheart. How did I ever get so lucky to have you as my own?" I pull her close to me as we begin our dance. "Oh I think I'm the lucky one Edward. I mean, you've given me everything I could have ever wanted. You've given me yourself, two beautiful children, a lifetime of memories with the promise of many more to come, so yeah, I'm the lucky one." She leans up and urges me to bring my lips to her. She doesn't even need to ask. I kiss her passionately, probably way more intimately than is proper in public, but this is what Bella does to me. She renders me speechless and stupid. "Isabella, I remember the first night I ever saw you. I couldn't stop staring." FLASHBACK "Hey Cullen! Come on in man!" Jasper meets me at the front door of his house and hands me a beer. Hell yeah. We've been friends since junior high. "Whitlock! How they hangin' man?" I take a long pull of my beer and fuck, it's good and cold. "They're hangin' in your sister's Louis Vuitton purse, you know that." I laugh out loud because he's absolutely right. Jasper has been dating my sister Alice for the past three years and his balls are indeed firmly in her purse. I take a seat on the couch and watch Jasper flip through the channels on the TV no doubt looking for an old Western movie. I see that my brother Emmett is out on the back patio doing something with the grill and his girlfriend Rosalie is sitting in a chair beside him. There appears to be a brunette sitting with them that I don't know. "Hey Jazz, who's that sitting beside Rose?" "Oh, that's her friend Bella. Bella Swan. She just moved here from Phoenix." Immediately I recognize her last name. "Chief Swan's daughter?" "Yep. That's the one. She'll be a junior at UDub when the semester starts. I think she's studying to be a teacher." As he tells me more about Bella, she stands and starts to walk in through the patio door. All of a sudden the air leaves my lungs and I am looking directly into her insanely gorgeous brown eyes. It's like my world stops and I can't look away from her. She smiles and shyly tucks a tendril of her chestnut hair behind her ear and I swear I fucking hear angels sing. I know I need to close my gaping mouth and say something to her but I can't get my damn brain to engage. Great Cullen, she probably thinks you're mute. When I manage to gather myself back up, Jasper is fucking smirking at me. Yeah, fuck you asshole. Quickly I decide I need a fresh beer, so I walk into the kitchen. Ain't gonna lie folks, I may have added a little extra swagger to my step. Just as I make to step through the kitchen door, Bella comes out. I step aside and our chests brush against each other. "Oh, I'm sorry. I'll get out of your way." She looks up at me and bites her fucking lip. Shit, that goes directly to my cock. Get it together Cullen . "No worries Beautiful. You're not in my way. I'm Edward Cullen by the way." I hold my hand out to her like a real douche. She smiles and puts her hand in mine. What the fuck was that? It's like some kind of electricity between us that stuns the shit out of me. Bella feels it too. "Hello Edward Cullen. I'm Bella Swan." She smiles broadly and again, I'm momentarily dazzled. All I can do is stare at her. Great, she probably thinks I'm some weirdo stalker. Wait why is she giggling? "Something funny Miss Swan?" "I don't think you're a weirdo stalker Edward." Fuck, I must have said that out loud. Before I can put my foot further in my mouth, Bella disappears back outside. I spend the rest of the night trying not to stare at her but I fail miserably. It's nearly two in the morning and we're all sitting in Jasper's living room watching a movie. I have to be at work in four hours so I know I need to get home. "Guys, I'm going to have to call it a night. I'll see you later." I stand up and walk to where Bella is sitting on the loveseat beside Rosalie. "Bella, would you walk me out?" "Oh, um..sure Edward." I offer her my hand to help her stand and that damn electricity is back. Fuck, what is that? Once we are outside I know it's now or never. "Look Bella, I have really enjoyed meeting you and I would love to get to know you better. Would you consider going out with me Saturday night?" "I'd love to Edward." Holy fuck, did she say yes? "Great! Wow, that was easier than I thought. Ok. Hey, let me see your phone." She hands me her phone and I program my number into it and hit send. My phone starts to sing in my jacket pocket and I wiggle my eyebrows at her. "Now I have your number and you have mine. I'll call you and set up our date." "That sounds good. I can't wait. Good night Edward." "Good night Bella." END FLASHBACK "That was definitely an interesting night. Between your lack of brain to mouth filter and my nerves there was no lack of awkward." Bella laughs gently and it's music to my ears. "Hey, can I help it if you had such an effect on me?" I lean in to nuzzle her neck. "I didn't tell you that night, but I had the hard on from hell from the moment I saw you until I got home and got rid of it in my shower." I pull back and wiggle my eyebrows at her as I put my tongue between my teeth. "Well, you did it in the shower, I did it in my bed." Wait, what did she just say? "Mrs. Cullen, are you telling me you slid two fingers in between those luscious pink pussy lips and rubbed your clit until you came hard shouting my name?" Fuck that's hot. "Twice." And once again, she stuns me into silence. In twenty five years, she has always been able to get the better of me. It reminds me of our first kiss. It took fucking three weeks of dating almost nonstop for her to allow me to kiss her. Granted, I didn't want to rush her because I knew this was special. When the moment finally happened, I think I already knew I loved her. FLASHBACK "Thanks for dinner Edward. I had a great time." We were standing at the door outside Bella's house. Luckily Chief Swan was on duty. I wanted to kiss Bella since the first night I saw her, but I haven't forced the issue. What I'm feeling for her is something I can't fully explain. I feel like I could love her for the rest of my life. That's way too fast to feel that, I know. Which is exactly why the most physical thing we've done is hold hands. I don't think I can wait any longer. "You're very welcome Beautiful. I'm glad you enjoyed it. I'd love to see you tomorrow if you're free?" "I actually have to study tomorrow. I've been putting it off and I just can't anymore. I'm sorry Edward. I hope you understand." "Oh yeah, sure Sweetheart. What kind of exam?" Really Cullen? I hope she doesn't realize that I'm just trying to prolong our evening. I don't want to say goodnight yet. "It's just an English exam." From there she goes into this story about her professor being a dick and he will have a field day with the people in her class that don't study the right chapters or some shit. If I didn't know better, I would think she was stalling. Finally after nearly an hour we are still standing on her porch. I am to the point that I can wait no longer. "Bella?" "Yeah?" "I'm going to kiss you now." I hear her quick intake of breath and move in for the kill. In an instant, my lips are on hers and she immediately melts into my embrace. Her hands fist into my hair and she tugs gently. I guess I didn't tell her that my hair is directly connected to my cock. Not that it's any news to me, but I'm sporting the biggest hard on I have ever had and it's growing by the second. I am sure she can feel it, but just to make sure, I pull her roughly to me by her waist and make her body flush with mine. The moan that escapes her mouth nearly has me coming in my jeans. Before I know it, we are moaning and breathing harsh while our tongues fight for dominance. I have to remember that I'm on the Chief's doorstep and I wouldn't want his neighbors to tell on me. What? So I'm a pussy, stop judging me. The Chief scares the fuck out of me. Bella breaks our kiss first and it's a good thing because I was half a second from taking her on the porch. We stand there dumbfounded as we gaze at each other and catch our breaths. "Jesus Edward. Has anyone ever told you what a good kisser you are? Fuck." As soon as the word is out of her mouth, her hand flies to cover it up. I can't help the laugh that jumps out of me. "Well Miss Swan, such a dirty mouth you have there. I may have to spank you." I raise one eyebrow at her as I reach around and squeeze her glorious ass cheek. "It's late Casanova. I better go inside." She leans up and kisses me gently again and I return it willingly. "Goodnight baby. I'll talk to you tomorrow." She turns and opens the door, giving me a wave and a wink and then she's gone. And yeah, I'm in love. END FLASHBACK "You know, I wanted to make love to you right there on your father's porch." I whisper in my wife's ear. "I wondered if I should let you kiss me. I knew once I did that it would all be over." "Oh, I think it turned out pretty nice after that. I mean, hell, we were together almost every night after that. God baby, you held out on me long enough. I thought my balls were going to explode." I wink at her and she blushes right on cue. "Come on now, you act like you didn't get ANY lovin' from me until after the wedding. You know that's not true. We didn't actually make love, but