Author's note: One shot, but I can see this going further, if you want it to, please leave some prompts or ideas in a review :) He broke her arm once during one of these fights. Afterwards she'd been scared of going near him when he was this drunk - well, she was usually afraid to be alone with him no matter what. The fright in her eyes made him want to drink even more, because of the realization that he was no more man than the men he warned and scolded her about. She wasn't dating any mobs or criminals, just too high class politicians - he guessed you could discuss letting them off the description as criminals. Effie knew little of politics, she barely knew how the Games were put together and she'd worked closely with it for 4 years. 4 really long years in Haymitch's life. "You're hurting me! Haymitch!" The fights. Sometimes they were just caught dead in them. He felt he watched the entire scene floating above it as a ghost. Her standing, mascara making a mess of her face with tears and her wig hanging dangerously low, showing her light blonde natural hairline. Him gripping her upper arm so hard, he'd be sure to leave a bruise for Seneca to see whenever she climbed into his bed again. "So you're going?" He heard himself say, not feeling, but seeing as his touch got even rougher, pulling her closer. Her arm in a cast the next day, her shying away every time he was near her. That was the first time he'd ever hurt Effie Trinket. But this was now and here, he wasn't hurting her as much as he was trying to make her realize something he dared not say. That he didn't want her to warm Seneca's bed, because... Well, not because he wanted her to warm his, but... His thoughts stopped when her puffy eyes sent him a look of disgust. "I can do whatever I want, Haymitch, ouch!" she cried when he let go and the relieved pressure made her arm throb madly with pain. "It's not like you usually care," she ran her delicate fingers over the bruise, only resulting in further grimaces if pain on her face. She looked at him for a long time. Never really judging him for what he did to her. Blaming the inner demons left in him from the games and the long years of alcohol abuse. "I care!" Haymitch objected, but didn't mean to. "No, now… Please, Haymitch, I have to… Fix myself before Senec-" "No!" Why didn't she understand? That Seneca didn't deserve her at all. Seneca was nothing but a pig, just wanting to fuck her. "Haymitch, don't make this into some sort of personal vendetta, just because you hate me, you don't have to ruin my entire life," she said and stepped back from him, bringing her hand to her face to access the damage done to her make-up. He was silenced by her words, trying to figure out how to tell her that he didn't hate her, without letting off too much of a confession. When she was this mad she reminded him that he wasn't good with words, with actions. He'd made her believe that he hated her, that he detested everything about her. Truth was that he wanted nothing more than being able to tell her a compliment and not get slapped for it. She never would believe him if he told her how beautiful he thought he was. She'd take as yet another drunken, sarcastic remark and would probably be hurt by it. "I'm not…" he started stuttering over the words. He could use a drink, his hands trembling with emotion. "What, Haymitch?" Why did she use his name so often? It was like she had to keep reminding herself who she was talking to. "I'm not… I don't hate you, Trinks," Bam! He was back in his own body, suddenly feeling the unwilling emotions of regret. He shouldn't be talking to her this way. He should just push her away as always, leave her to put on a new layer of make-up and be on her merry way to Seneca's quarters. "Then what word would you use for it? God Haymitch, I can't stand being around you. I thought that maybe you'd come around at some point, but there's only so much I can take. You, stepping all over me all the time," He was almost physically hurt by her words. It was never supposed to go this way. "Trinks, I'm…" "Please call me either Effie or miss Trinket, Trinks sounds like some name of one of your liquors," You are one of my liquors, the strongest one, the one who gets me most drunk in the shortest amount of time, Haymitch wanted to tell her. "I'm sorry," He was so confused. Well, not that he didn't know what was going on, but he felt he was getting dangerously close to telling her things he didn't want her to know about just yet. Or ever. "You have no idea how to treat a human being, Haymitch," she said as her eyes narrowed to slits, "when I first met you I actually liked you, found you funny if not a bit reckless," "I –" "No, just … just don't talk to me unless you're going to talk to me about the games. I can't stand anymore of your insults," Her eyes were wet again with tears and Haymitch felt a stab in his heart. She really meant it this time. She was at the edge. The brink of breakdown. He could have kicked himself. "Trinks… et, Trinket, I never …" He fucked up her name. Trinks just came to him so easily. "Go back to drinking," Effie told him and turned around only showing him her back and the wig, which was still falling off. "District men…" He heard her mutter to herself under her breath while she left him. He followed her closely with his eyes, the way her hands automatically and mechanically aided in hiding her face behind thick layers of foundation and eye shadows. He didn't see her as often anymore. After their last fight she didn't stay around in the centre, at least not in the part he was in. Something in him wanted to talk to her and apologize, but he was too scared to face her. He'd have to explain himself. "Haymitch, could you please be sweet and get me a glass of water?" A truce? Her words rang through him. He nodded and got up from his slumped position on the sofa and collected a long stranded glass of water from the machine. He popped in a few ice cubes and a frozen grape. He always saw her doing that, when she fixed her own drinks on the train. He realized he'd never seen her drink alcohol. Slowly he turned back to her with the glass held too tightly in his hand. "Here you go," "Thank you, Haymitch," she said and smiled at him. A smile that only reached her eyes for a short time before her lips parted again. "He broke up with me," she said. The bizarre change in conversation surprised him and he didn't let go of the drink, her hand still grazing his slightly as their touches met on the long steam of the crystal glass. "I'm … Sorry?" "No you're not," she reminded him. She gently tugged the glass away from him and took a sip. How she managed not to get her bright red lipstick stuck on the edge was a mystery to him. Would it stick to his lips if he kissed her? "I guess," he confessed trying to kick out the mental image of kissing her soft lips. "He broke a promise, I might have yelled a bit at him," "Why are you telling me this, princess?" She looked annoyed at him with the name-calling, but seemed to decide not to mind. "Because I don't want you wondering, why I'll be staying here again," she blushed slightly. "Wouldn't even notice," "I know," she sighed, "I forgot you didn't care," But Haymitch did care. All at one time he felt angry with Seneca for breaking her heart and happy that she was no longer with him. Not that he had a chance. "Are you okay?" He took a plunge and asked. It might sound like he was just trying way too hard to get off easy on an argument, but in reality he really wanted to know. "Why are you asking?" she asked suspiciously. "Because … You look so sad," he admitted. He could always blame the alcohol, though he wasn't as drunk as he'd like to be right now. She shook her head. Whether it was to mute him or to answer his question he didn't know, but it definitely ended the conversation. "I need to get this done, so we can meet up with the sponsors," Effie said and took another sip of the water, her tongue catching the few drops landing on her lips. She turned back to the mirror and went back to work. Haymitch didn't like the make-up, but he couldn't deny that it took some extent of talent and commitment for her to go through that every day. "Effs, I'm …" He started a sentence, but she almost killed him looking at her. "Effie," she corrected him. "Sorry," He walked away. Leaving her guessing whatever he wanted to tell her. He didn't even know himself. He felt somehow guilty about her break-up, though none of it could be his fault. He hoped her lipstick stuck to Seneca's lips. Hoped it made him look like the coward gamemaker he was. "I love you," he said to her. She looked at him and embraced him tightly, crying tears of happiness. "I love you too, Haymitch," she said with such passion in her Capitol voice he didn't even know what to do with himself. She kissed him deeply and when she finally pulled away she looked at him with her soft, blue eyes. Her face turned grim dark. Blood began running down her cheeks from her eyes. She opened her mouth, not to kiss him again, but to let out an agonizing scream. The scream of his former girlfriend, killed by the Capitol. The scream mixed with the screams Haymitch had heard from the escort, when he grabbed her a bit too tightly – or that one time when he pulled her arm so hard he'd broken it. He realized he was screaming too. The now deadly pale Effie in front of him was mouthing words to him: "Your fault, don't go near me, you're worthless, not good enough," in a chaos of voices, not belonging to her. He woke up. Sweat and probably tears too dampening his skin. At first he didn't think the nightmare was over, for there she was again. Effie peeking through his door. "Are you alright, Haymitch? You were screaming," she said with purebred concern in her voice. "Nightmares," he said and tried to regain control of his breathing. He reached out to find there was no bottle on his bedside table. There was nothing to calm him down. "About what?" "Nosy, princess, are you?" he said flushing with embarrassment when the first part of his dream slowly returned to him. He begged that she couldn't see his red face in the dim light. "I've never heard you scream so loud," she noted and went further into his room, making sure not to step in any of his clothes or empty bottles scattered over the floor. "Leave me alone," Haymitch asked her. "Are you sure you're okay? You're crying, Haymitch," she said to him. The sympathy in her voice barely covered by her Capitol accent, though it sounded like she tried. "I'm …" His voice broke. He wanted her to leave. He felt humiliated.