Author's Note: This is potentially triggering for victims of sexual abuse, so please mark the M-rating. Enjoy! :) Stumbling home drunk from the Capitol bars, he'd encountered a lot of things. Many of them still unexplainable and hazy in his memory. Though this proved to be one of the most surprising things he could find. She sat still, her eyes not focused on anything but the dust in front of them, hanging lifeless in the air. The bench was empty beside her. Haymitch had seen the escort in some pretty weird situations. Angry. Happy. Sad. Naked. Wigless. He'd touched her too. He knew her. Nothing wrong with that. But he'd never ever seen her with this much defeat in her eyes. It was cold out. Even he felt the chilly wind through his haze of alcohol and his brown suit jacket, but she seemed to be barely dressed, with only an ornamental lace shawl covering her shoulders. He couldn't tell if the blue lips were from lipstick or the cold. Something was wrong, all wrong. "Princess?" Haymitch walked nearer, fighting to regain control of his mind. She didn't look up, until he touched her shoulder and she violently pulled away from him. She was on her feet in two seconds, now running away, but she didn't make it long before her fashion-sense stopped her and she tripped on her tall heels. Haymitch didn't even have to start a pursuit, but could simply walk over to her and gently help her up the best he could in his intoxicated state. Every time he touched her, she recoiled and tried to avoid him, but he took the hits and squirms and embraced her for a moment before taking of the brown jacket and putting it around her shaking shoulders. She was crying. He hated seeing her crying. Even back when he hated her more than the plague he couldn't stand to see her crying. It was where she was most human and back then… He didn't want to see her as a human. He kissed her forehead just below her hairline before asking further questions. "Effs, what's going on? Why are you out? Where's your clothes?" he asked looking at her thoroughly. Her dress hung from her frame, didn't even look like her dress. She wasn't wearing a wig, which was strange for Effie. "I-I-I-I co-couldn't find m-my way b-b-back," she said with a voice shaking so terribly from the cold he could barely make out what she was trying to tell him. "Back from where ? What happened, no wait, let me just … Let's get you home, I'll call a cab," He usually walked home, but he couldn't see himself walking halfway through the city streets with a cold, disoriented escort, who was probably already sporting some sort of pneumonia from staying out here. "No!" she suddenly looked frightened, "No, no, no d-d-don't let them s-see me like thi-this," she begged him. "You can't walk all the way home, sweetheart, there's a long way," Haymitch convinced her softly. He led her towards a busier road than the one they were standing on, his hand never leaving her shoulder. She followed him reluctantly and hid her face as he flagged down a limegreen cab for them. He gave the avox-driver the address and caressed Effie's arm slightly with his thumb. She continuously tried hiding her identity, like she didn't want him to see who she was. "Do you want to talk?" Haymitch asked. It wasn't as much of a question as it was a command. He'd placed her, still wearing his brown jacket, on the couch of their living quarters. "No," she replied, not looking at him. "You really need a shower," Haymitch noted and stroked her hair. "Yes," "Where have you been?" "Porcius," she replied. Haymitch visualized the man. Effie and him had met him at the Victory Ball. Short, ugly creature was he. Haymitch hadn't liked him and he knew Effie didn't either. Porcius had spent the entire party trying to flirt with Effie, sending her suggestive looks. She agreed to dance with him at some point, but had to abandon the idea when he couldn't keep his hand to her waist. "Were you at Porcius'?" he asked surprised. Why would she? She shook her head. "Effie please talk to me, you look like someone who's been-" He didn't finish his sentence when he realized what he was about to say, might be the truth and in that case he wasn't really sure if he wanted to hear it. The painful, guilty look she shot him told him he was at least on the right track. "Did Porcius hurt you?" He felt anger building inside him. "Haymitch, d-don't … don't hate me," she said and lifted her hand to touch the stubble on his cheek. "Why would I? Should I?" He covered her hand with his. She was still ice cold from the weather outside. "I was a-at Martina's pa-party," she started obviously having a hard time getting the words to float, "I don't know w-w-what happened. P-Porcius was there and then I-I got this weird d-drink and I wake to-to him…" She trailed off, though no further explanation was needed. "He drugged you? Effs, we need to call the peacekeepers," To his horror she just shook her head again. "Princess listen, you were … you were raped ," Haymitch said to her. The anger flaming in his chest physically hurt him. "Don't hate m-me," she repeated, tears streaming down her cheeks. "Why would I hate you, Effie?" Haymitch asked and pulled her in for an embrace, though she resisted him at first. "Because… I-I-I was supposed to be y-yours," Effie said with a voice that broke his heart into tiny shatters of hopelessness. "Now I'm n-no better than a c-c-cheating whore," He could feel tears against his chest as she buried her face in his shirt. She was shaking so much he could feel himself resonating with her. "No. No, Effie, no!" Haymitch corrected her in disbelief, "you… You're not a whore, no! No, not even close," "I'm so s-sorry," "You have nothing to be sorry about," He stroked her back, wishing for her to calm down. She felt guilty. Not because of the rape, but because of the, well the sexual act, that was the rape. I was supposed to be yours. They'd committed to each other for several years. He loved her, but a part of him felt disappointed that she thought he'd consider a fucking rape cheating on her part. His disappointment was empty though, he simply couldn't be irritated with her as long as she was in this humiliatingly frail state. He sat with her for a long time, just kissing her forehead and cheeks, smelling her hair, though it had smelled a lot better than the alcoholic, burned smell which clung to the light blonde waves. She got warm, so he relieved her of his jacket. He wished he hadn't. The bruises trailing their way down her arms, obviously from her being restrained. In the light he could see that her dress was actually on backwards and the back, which had been a low drop revealed so much of her chest, that he felt he should put the jacket back on her. She didn't seem to notice. "You're not bleeding anywhere, are you?" he asked. Closing her eyes after looking down with a tell-tale look, she grabbed onto his arm. She obviously didn't want him looking. "Effie, I'm going to go call a medic," he said as calmly as he could when he saw the blood seeping through the light green fabric of her surely expensive dress. What had they done to her? Once again she struck her eyes open and shook her head violently. No. No medics. No taxis. No peacekeepers. "Sweetheart, you're hurt, you're bleeding, and you need to be taken care of," "Y-You," she simply said and Haymitch felt his stomach scream in agony. He didn't want to see this or do this, but he owed her. At least that was what he kept telling himself, when he half carried, half pushed her towards the bathroom. She'd done this for him before without complaining. "Promise me, if I let you off tonight," he said, while placing her in the tub, "that you'll go to the peacekeepers tomorrow," "I-I-Interviews tomorrow," she said. "Everdeen and Mellark can take care of themselves, they've been through interviews before," Haymitch said conclusively. He couldn't care less about how those tribute interviews went. There was a plan for all of that and the interviews really didn't matter to him. She never replied to him. "I'm sorry about this," He kissed her before removing the lace shawl and dress. He'd made her take of her heels a long time ago. Underneath her clothes more bruises stood clearly against her pearly white skin. Panties and bra nowhere to be found. That Porcius-jerk had been more than rough with her. Haymitch had to turn around to the toilet several times to vomit, but he did manage to start hosing her down with the showerhead. He tried not to touch her for her own sake, but she seemed completely unable to do anything. "Effie what the hell did he-" he muttered under his breath as Effie winced when he tried spreading her legs in the most casual way possible. This was too intimate for him. He couldn't. There was too much blood here. He didn't like blood and for a simple rape there was way too much of it. "Knife," she said with grim clearness. Haymitch looked at her. He felt dizzy. The warm water mixing with the considerable large amount of blood made a foul smell disperse trough the room. "A knife? Princess," he couldn't even find words. What would have happened if she hadn't by coincidence been sitting there on his way home? Would she still be there, would she have slept there? It was late. "I-I'm sorry," she echoed herself reaching out for him, as he had swayed slightly away from the tub. "Shut up," he told her and leaned back to kiss her gently in the corner of her mouth. He got up. The damage to her was more severe than he thought. Suddenly a nagging realization came to his mind. If he called a medic. Especially with her lying in the bathtub naked. They'd surely call the peacekeepers. And the peacekeepers wouldn't stop two seconds to think about anything. He was after all Haymitch Abernathy, the rebellious victor of the second quarter quell. The man the Capitol still wanted a reason to execute. This would be perfect for them. But he also had to call a medic. She was injured. That prick had actually seen it smart to push a knife up into her innermost chambers. Haymitch was known for his knife-fight skills. He sunk. "Stay," she pleaded of him, but he couldn't. No matter the consequences, she needed medical care, having already avoided it for too long. "Did you like our present, Abernathy?" A sleek voice sounded as he walked back from the place where he'd once again bid Katniss and Peeta goodbye. Letting them off into the arena. Effie had been bedridden as a cause of her injuries, so she couldn't join them. He turned around so fast he nearly slipped on the sparkling marble floor. "You…" he whispered. Snow's cold eyes drilled into his and the man silently motioned for him to follow. He did. Not because he wanted to comply with the man's will, but because he wanted info. "I heard your escort was in some dirt the other day," He laughed with his eerie laughter. Somewhere in that man there had to be a heart. It couldn't only be the thirst for power and control, there had to be something else. Otherwise he was more robot than man. "I have a feeling you know very well, what happened to her,"