Chapter 1- Chrome Bitch Author's Note: The Twilight Series, and all related characters, do not belong to me. Author's Note 2: There are serious elements of bdsm activity in this story. If you're not into it, please don't read any further. Also, if you are interested… please be safe. Do not try anything in this story unless you are willing to accept the potential consequences. Always remember, Safe, Sane and Consensual. Author's Note 3: Some parts are the same, some parts are different. Switches and Subs is re-vamped, edited, and ready to be re-read . Or read. It took a while, but I've been making my way through, chapter to chapter. Playlist Bleed Like Me - Garbage Chrome Bitch - Zeromancer Claim Me - Dismantled Love As Blood- Icon of Coil Devilicious - Angelspit Bella's Point of View "Rose! If you pull any harder, I won't be able to breathe!" "If you stand up straight, that won't be a problem." She finished lacing my corset. "You want to look like a sophisticated, experienced submissive, isn't that what you said?" "What I said was, I don't want to look inexperienced, especially when there will be hardcore bdsm, um, players there." "Practitioners," Rosalie lightly corrected. "You've been with me for five years. What don't you know? Besides, I've vouched for you already." "Where is this s/m party? We're really dressing up. It feels like a formal event." "A friend, Leah, is hosting a play party that only happens once a year. A lot of passionate-about-s/m people will be there. People with experience, like you've been wanting to find." Once she realized I had an interest, Rose had gradually brought me into the realms of bondage, domination, and sadomasochism. I could see the edges of her stylish black trench coat, the pale blonde of her long hair around my shoulders, and her electrically blue eyes looking at me over my head. Her tan, toned legs were covered in black stockings. When she moved to my left side, I saw black and red garters holding them up. Her stiletto heels looked dangerously sharp. She was in full Dominatrix-attire. We had been dorm-mates in college. When I dropped out, unable to live in the dorms anymore, Rose moved with me. We found a comfortable two-bedroom apartment and split costs for everything. While we didn't live in the poshest area of Manhattan, we weren't anywhere it wasn't safe to be. Safe by New York standards, something that Forks, WA hadn't entirely prepared me for. "Who else is coming? Anyone I know?" "You worry too much, Bella. Don't be nervous about tonight." "What if I trip, or fall, or offend someone?" "You won't. You'll stand up for yourself if anyone gets pushy. Plus, I know you'll take an opportunity if it finds you." Rose had used black eye shadow with a touch of red over her eyes. I couldn't wear stark black over and around my eyes, not without looking like a raccoon. "You're going dramatic, what kind of eye-shadow's good?" "How about gray that fades to black, with light mascara? Red lipstick? Crimson, if you're feeling daring." "Awesome." We were color coordinating. Rosalie insisted upon it whenever we went somewhere that was new for me. I wasn't her submissive, but no one there would know that. She had me wear a collar necklace, but only so I'd have an excuse if a Dom drew me into unwanted conversation. I had a choice of four, two of them heavier than the other two. The leather ones were black. I skipped those, my outfit already dark. "This one." I chose the lighter collar made of chains, the loops brushing against the base of my throat when I buckled it around my neck. "You look incredible. We're ready." Walking out to the car was a little tricky. I breathed a sigh of relief once I was safely seated in the passenger seat. "Remember how you asked if anyone you knew would be there?" "Yes..." "You don't know them, exactly, but you know of them." "Them, who?" "Jasper Whitlock and Edward Cullen will be at Leah's tonight." I immediately recognized their names. A lot of the literature I read on bondage, domination, and sadomasochism had been written by them. "You couldn't have told me that inside?" "Nope." She breezed through a yellow light. "I knew you'd find a reason not to go." The two men lived together, I remembered their Bio sections. Edward hailed from Washington, same as I did. Jasper had done a lot of traveling. From Texas to California, he lived a few other places out West, briefly, before moving to New York. "Just because they're there doesn't mean we'll- Rose, you aren't going to 'make' them notice us, are you?" "Nope. Jasper texted me earlier. He'll be looking out for us. We won't miss them." That wasn't what I had meant, but... "You know them? Personally?" "Yup, from way back." "Why haven't I met them yet?" "They've been busy. You stopped going out with me for a while." "You should have told me. I could have brushed up on some bdsm-" "Read everything about them you could find, you mean? That's no fun. I want you to meet them first, before you read and re-read their books." "Everyone at this party is going to know them. Fill me in a little." "They're both switches. They live in Manhattan, though they were in Brooklyn for a long time before the move. Jasper's a Texan, like me, and Edward's-" "They're switches. They're both Dominant and submissive?" I asked. "That's what being a switch means, right?" "Yes. They can take both roles instead of staying within the 'Dominant only' and 'purely submissive' roles. For example, Jasper could be Dominant one night, Edward submissive. Then they could change it around the next night and have Edward be the Dom and Jasper the sub." I loved going different places with Rose, but each time we left I felt a little more unsatisfied. Each time I had hoped to find a Dominant, I ended up disappointed. After a lot of disappointment, I changed my tactics. I took a step back, enjoyed the atmosphere and saw first-hand what I might one day experience. Until then, I was content to wait. I didn't want to settle for someone that didn't feel right. Rosalie pulled into a wrap-around driveway. My eyebrow rose when I saw the black iron fence around their property. The balcony was supported by three large pillars, their lawn fastidiously manicured, the hedges, flowers, and statues along the walkway perfectly placed. She saw my surprise. "Her parents are what you'd call 'old money.' They're in Europe for the next two months." "They have great taste," I said lightly. "The architecture is-" Rose rolled her eyes. "They'd like you." "How many people live here?" I saw five rooms from where we stood in the main entry-room. "Three. Leah, and her parents." The kitchen had a lounge attached, though the living room was directly in front of me. To my right, through an archway wall, I could see a speaker system and a rented bar. Two small couches in the study had been stacked, one on top of the other, in the corner of the room. There were two spanking benches in the middle, a plastic tarp spread out to cover the white-carpeted floor. To my left, a large dining room table had been pushed up against a wall. Two bondage tables, leather restraints at the top and bottom, filled the space, with three X beams secured against the other three walls. "What's that?" I asked Rose. It looked like a large brown cushion, shaped in a half-circle, the flat side resting against the floor. It's rounded side fitted with a narrow, flesh-colored, rectangular strip down the middle. I looked closer and saw buckles on the side, for restraining a submissive's legs, more toward the back, perhaps for restraining their wrists? "A Sybian." "Say that again?" "A Sybian, modified to restrain a submissive on top of it. There's usually a g-spot attachment. If you sit down on it, the raised part toward the front vibrates against your clit. It's supposed to deliver blackout-good orgasms." "Where did all of this stuff come from?" "People brought it with them, or dropped by to set up last night." I counted twenty Dominants, their submissives or slaves standing, sitting, kneeling, or on top of them. More people arrived as Rose and I left our coats in a walk-in closet near the bathroom. "Downstairs is where we want to be." "I hear music and... people playing?" I asked. "Porn playing, probably in the entertainment room. It's bigger than the living room." "Great, I'll meet you here. You can have-at those stairs in heels." "They're just stairs. Think how much easier normal heels will be to walk in." An entertainment room, indeed. A laptop was connected to a huge plasma television. Bondage porn was playing, three submissives writhing against vibrators, all of them bound to bondage tables like the one I'd seen upstairs. "Rosalie?" "Leah!" Rose smiled brightly at a woman I knew was a Dominatrix. From her clothes, for one, intimidating in stiff black leather, thigh-high boots with lethal heels. She was tan, her hair a shiny blue-black, eyes pale green with dark flecks of brown. They glittered with dominance, icy as Rose's could be. "Well? What are the updates?" The cold glint in her gaze thawed, anticipation having them burn. "Are they coming?" "They'll be here. They're about fifteen minutes out." Rose put her arm around my shoulder. "This is Isabella, a really good-" "Hi," I said, accidentally interrupting her. "Er, nice to meet you..." "You dare to-" Rosalie quickly put her hand on Leah's wrist. "She doesn't submit for women." "Ah. Well, then. It's nice to meet you, too." She studied me, smiling as she half-nodded. "What were you about to do, just now?" I asked. "Yes, what were you about to do?" Rose glanced at the collar around my neck. "I wanted to see your eyes better." "... Why?" "I see sweet submission," Leah said, looking to Rosalie. "She's very good as a submissive, isn't she." "That's a question for Bella." "Am I right?" "I'm not comfortable answering that. That's for my future Dominant to decide." "Nice answer. You don't need Rose to vouch for you. You're welcome to my parties any time." Rosalie smiled. "High compliments." "If you catch Edward and Jasper before I do, show them to the biggest guest room? I have it set aside just for them." "They'll definitely appreciate it." "I've never heard of Jasper doing an easy pain session." "See you upstairs, babe." Rose turned to me, "Now we're done down here." The walk upstairs was a lot easier. "- happy to be your submissive, Sir," I heard someone say. I turned in time to see a pretty female submissive kneel after her Dominant sat down. She rested her head on his thigh, looking comfortable as she knelt next to him. He seemed pleased by her affection, the respect she showed, and I saw genuine affection in the way he stroked her hair. Someone handed me a business card. A sex toy site, marketing Sybians. Arousal pulsed through my body as I watched a male Dominant restrain his female submissive to the Sybian. A pleasure session, I suddenly felt over-heated. "Do you like your new toy?" "Yes, Sir. Thank you so much-!" "Kneel down," he told her. "I want to see you come." The device made a loud humming sound after the Dom turned it on. I watched the raised part toward the front flutter against the wide plastic strip. I wasn't the only one who watched his submissive lower herself down onto the toy. Her hips jerked upwards soon as she made contact. She gasped when her Dominant pushed down on her shoulders. He didn't let her move away, pulling her wrists behind her back when she struggled. It wasn't