This was never supposed to turn out like this. It was supposed to be a short and cute fic based off a quote from a show I'm addicted too. I decided that it sounded just like Effie. But then it grabbed my hand and wouldn't let go, so I ended up with this monster of a fic. I hope you guys enjoy it. I own nothing. Effie Trinket was a lady. Effie had always been a lady, ever since she was an itty bitty little thing. To be a lady was one of the things her Aunt had insisted on when Effie had gone to live with her at the tender age of five. Her mother had been somewhat of an embarrassment to her family and Aunt Bella had never let Effie forget it. When ever Effie picked up a knife incorrectly, or forgot to say please or thank you there was always a comment on how she was no better than her mother. So from a very young age Effie had done her best to be the polar opposite of her mother. Manners had been the very first thing her wise old Aunt had taught her. Say please and thank you, smile, bow and scrape. Never ever let anyone know what you were really thinking. Walk with your head held high at all times and never let them see you cry. All pieces of wisdom her aunt had installed into her young mind. Effie had always been a Lady. She dressed impeccably, squeezed herself into corsets so tight she could barely breath and learnt the art of applying make-up to fit in with current fashions. As time went on she discovered it was easier to hide what you were thinking when you weren't wearing your own face. Over the years she convinced herself that her real face, without all the paints and patterns was something so ghastly that no one should ever have to see it. When natural hair became a thing of times gone by Effie was the first to have her beautiful blonde curls, another similarity to her mother, cut short and replaced with wigs, which grew more elaborate as the years went by. Wigs became the one way she could express herself without retribution and the brighter they were the more people loved them. She taught herself to walk in the highest of heels, suffering through countless blisters, aching calves and one twisted ankle. But before long she could walk like she was born in them, and had soon mastered the scornful look that she gave others when they could not. She elevated herself to a level where she became a mystery to most and a legend to others. When she was chosen as an escort it could not have been more perfect. Apart from the victors themselves, the escorts where the ones that everyone watched. She had become one of the best, and she would make sure her tributes were a reflections of her. Most importantly Effie had never let anyone see her cry. They never saw the tears she shed watching young children die in the arena. They never saw the painful tears she cried at night, when she took off the costume and the paint and didn't recognize herself in the mirror. They never saw the tears of frustration, or heard the muttered insults that crossed her lips when she was forced to deal with Haymitch Abernathy, district twelve's sole victor. Effie was a lady, and had been raised in circles of gentlemen. She had no idea how to deal with the most disgusting, ill mannered, alcoholic she had ever had the misfortune to meet. They bickered. Constantly. He threw up on her favorite pair of shoes and she poured all his alcohol down the sink. He retaliated by drinking all her mouth wash and missing the train to district one, effectively ruining her schedule. She never yelled at him though, she had been taught never to raise your voice, especially indoors. She turned the other check when he yelled at her and swore like a sailor. She knew that it was unforgivable for a lady to swear. Effie never let anyone know what she was thinking, but that didn't stop her from having her fair share of romantic conquests. They were never for long and she never loved any of them. After three, sometimes four, months the man she was currently seeing would always break it off claiming she was too much of an air head to be wife material. So Effie's biggest surprise was finding herself engaged to a Galahad Portshore. He was handsome in a bookish sort of way and came from one of the richest families in the capital. Effie had dated him because he was one of the biggest sponsors of the games and Panem's most eligible bachelor. After two months of dating Effie was taken by surprise when she was met one afternoon by Galahad, his parents, copious amounts of champagne and a diamond ring. The looks of hope and joy on their faces had been too much to bear, so when he uttered the dreaded words "Effie, will you marry me?" Effie had replied with "Okay." Several hours later and too many glasses of liquor to count she had returned to the penthouse, feet aching, dress untidy and a hickey on her neck, only to find Haymitch waiting for her, reading the paper. He had taken one look at her appearance, which was ruffled and so very un Effie like and had asked what the matter was. Effie drew herself up to her tallest, which wasn't very tall at all and announced in her most snooty tone. "I am engaged to be married." "What?" "To Galahad Portshore." Haymitch had rubbed his ear and sat down hard. "Wow, I didn't know it was that serious between you." For the first time in fifteen years, Effie allowed the facade to slip "Neither did I." "So then why did you accept?" He had asked, sipping his drink. She didn't answer, but instead poured herself a drink and picked up her clipboard. "Aw come on you can tell me." Haymitch slurred. "I probably won't even remember in the morning." Effie broke, and told him everything. By the time she had finished Haymitch looked highly amused. After a few beats of silence he had broken into hysterical laughter "You got engaged to him, to be polite?" He had asked in between chuckles. Effie felt her anger grow. She didn't want to be married to him. He was sweet and kind and funny but he wasn't what she wanted. But she knew that it was bad manners to let people down. So she had done what she always did, and conformed. But it was getting too much, far too much. Her life was being taken away from her. And then the anger burst. "Well clearly there's a downside to having good manners!" Effie shrieked, slamming her glass onto the table and slumping back into her chair. Haymitch stopped laughing and took a gulp of his drink. "So sweetheart, what you gonna do?" "I haven't a fucking clue." Again the look of shock from Haymitch followed by a tiny chuckle. "Well I suppose you could always use language like that in front of him." He suggested "he's very proper. Must be why he liked you so much." She narrowed her eyes at him "What do you mean?" "Haven't you noticed? He does everything by the book. If you told him to jump off a cliff he'd do it." "...and you're suggesting?" She asked, narrowing her eyes "Don't do things by the book." He shrugged "break the rules." "I can't do that." She said stiffly "my aunt would be horrified." With that, she began to cry. Eventually she fell into a doze, but not before Haymitch covered her with a blanket and whispered "I'll take care of it princess." A few days later Galahad had ended it between them and Effie had never found out why. But she and Haymitch reached an understanding. She left him to his alcohol and he left her to her outrageous ways. But he also became the only person who she let see behind her mask. The mask that she had spent years building and perfecting. He was still the disgusting, crude alcoholic and she was still the obnoxious, bright busy body when they were around others but they both came to cherish the moments in the evening when they were alone. He held her while she cried, laughed when she strutted around and slammed doors when things didn't go her way. He would quietly hand her a drink and let her lay her head in his lap when she'd had a particularly bad day. It was a few years after that when Effie let her facade slip again, in the 74th hunger games when their tributes had gotten off the train. The girl glaring at the crowds and the boy waving at them all like they were long lost friends. She stood back in the train and watched. She felt his arms wrap around her waist and she leant back against him. It felt so good to have someone to lean on in this crazy world. "Got a couple of fighters this year" he commented, his breath tickling her ears. She looked at the dent in her table and nodded "That we do." Then one of the doors to the control room had opened and a man stepped through. She jerked away from him, but it was too late. He had already seen. The next few weeks were hectic, collecting sponsors and getting their tributes ready for the games. Cinna was working his magic on Katniss and on Effie as well. No one would have guessed that she wanted out. Then came the nail biting days of the games themselves. Not that Effie would ever bite her nails. Despite the temptation when it came down to to just the two of their tributes, one bleeding out and the other laying down her bow. Then the announcement came, they would have two victors that year and Effie felt her knees go weak. Then his arms went around her, and hers around him and he was kissing her. And for the first time in years, Effie felt alive. When they broke apart neither said anything but instead left the room in opposite directions both steadying themselves to deal with Snow's wrath. Later, when they eventually made it back to the penthouse she merely said "That can never happen again." And he had replied "I know." They got back to twelve and she left him and went home to try and regain some control of her life. She was still Effie, the perfect lady, who attended parties and hosted dinner parties and went shopping everyday. But she felt dead inside. She had felt that spark, and now she wanted it back. But if she had the spark she couldn't be everything else she told herself that she was, so she forced it down and her mask got brighter and thicker. She survived the victory tour without incident, despite the heat she had felt when he danced with her at Snow's ball. But then he was gone again and the separation was harder than ever. Deep inside her, she missed him. So the corsets got tighter and the hair got bigger and she sidetracked herself by becoming even more perfect. Then came the quarter quell and the knowledge that she might have to send him back into the games. Back to his nightmares. Back to his death. She had been at a party, when the announcement came. She had gasped and clapped along with the rest of them and had drunk a toast to Panem. She held it together, because she was a lady. Until she got back to her tiny little flat and wept until the morning. Then, she picked herself