*Disclaimer:* I do not own these characters, for they all belong to Susan Collins Chapter I: FEAR I wake up screaming, and sweat is pouring down my face. This time there's no one to hold me. Peeta went to District 13 when Paylor called him for some emergency over four months ago. He hasn't returned since then. "No more nightmares Katniss," I tell myself. It doesn't seem to have the same affect that it has when Peeta says it. "Do you want to talk about it?" I ask myself. "Yes," I respond, "I mean-no, I mean, it was another Prim dream." "Oh Katniss," I say stroking my hair, "It's alright." But it's not alright. Clearly it's not alright if I have to talk to myself to try to comfort me. Clearly it's not alright if Peeta left a long time ago and hasn't gotten in touch with me to tell me why he's not back. Clearly it's not okay that because Peeta's gone, I have to talk to myself to try to stay calm and it's leading me to complete utter insanity! "Mommy," a voice interrupts my angered thoughts. I look over and see Ivy opening the bedroom door. "I had a bad dream." "It's okay now," I lie to her, "go back to sleep." "But," she starts, "it was a Games dream." Although only seven, Ivy has learned that the one way to get Peeta and I to let her climb into our bed with us is by telling us that she had a Hunger Games nightmare. We both know that with those kind of dreams, we couldn't imagine what it would be like without arms to hold us. But I've stopped imagining, because it's become true, well for me anyways. Ivy climbs into bed with me, and I wrap my arms around her. Sometimes I like to pretend that Ivy's Prim, and we're laying in our old bed back in the Seam, on the night before the Reaping, just praying that we don't get picked. But tonight, there's no pretending, because my thoughts are with Prim. The real Prim. In my nightmare, I re-saw the scene of her death. But this time I saw who was in the helicopter, but when I woke up, I couldn't remember. The last thing I saw was Prim screaming. "At least I died saving others," Prim would say. She was so caring. Not even an ounce of selfish. Always thinking of others first, and I see a lot of that in Ivy. After all, Prim is Ivy's namesake. Prim always told me if she had a child, she'd name her Ivy. So that's how Peeta and I chose Ivy Rose. A silent tear drops down my eye. I quickly wipe it away; I can't let Ivy see my like this. "Mwowww," a nasty cry rings in my ear. Buttercup jumps onto the bed, and starts purring like crazy. He smashes his torn face into mine, and then goes to sit on my legs. He's warmed up to me more, but still won't lay on my chest, but occasionally, he'll curl into my arms at night when we're both sad and need comfort. Ivy slowly pats her lap as she looks at Buttercup to come over and lay on her, but instead he just goes to sit closer to me. "Why won't he sit on me mommy?" Ivy asks. "This cat's been through a lot…" I trail off thinking of Prim again. "Go back to sleep," I tell her. I'm not up for a midnight conversation, I just want to cry alone with Buttercup curled in my arms, and Peeta holding me. Buttercup hisses at Ivy so I tap him on the nose. "Mom," Ivy whines. "Ivy go back in your bed," I say calmly. "But," she begins. "Now Ivy!" I yell. She quickly gets up and leaves. Once I hear the door shut, I begin to cry. Along with my weeping, I hear another cry that doesn't belong to me. Buttercup curls himself up in my arms. He rests his head on my right arm, and keeps his brown eyes locked on mine. His ears are drooping, and I know he has the same thing on his mind that I do. "I know," I tell him. "I miss her too." More tears roll down my eyes, and I hold on to Buttercup harder. "I want her back," I say, "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have tried to drown you. You're all I have left of her." An odd whimpering sound comes from the cat. "Try to be nice to Ivy," I say while stroking Buttercup's head, "she's a lot like Prim." Buttercup growls and turns his head away from mine. I close my eyes, and I drift off to sleep with Buttercup in my arms. "We could do it you know," Gale's voice says as he slowly appears, "run away." "We wouldn't make it five miles," I tell him. "I could," he says. "Well what about Prim?" I ask, "and your brothers?" "They could come too," he says. " I don't know," I say, "Prim, in the woods?" "Yeah," he laughs, "probably not the best idea." The sudden scene of Gale and I together in the woods of District 12 disappears, and instead I see Ceasar Flickerman appear holding my arm up during the interview. "Ladies and gentlemen," Ceasar says, "Katniss Everdeen, the girl on fire!" "Just promise me something," Prim appears all of a sudden in the room where we said our goodbyes. "Try to win. Maybe you can," she says nodding her head trying to assure herself. "Prim!" I mouth, but no sound comes out, and she slowly disappears like all the others. "Katniss," Rue says laying on the grass, "You have to win." I awake shaking violently, and Buttercup is still curled in my arms. "Why isn't mommy coming down for breakfast?" I hear Ivy say from downstairs. "Your mother isn't feeling well," Greasy Sae says, "now eat your breakfast." "But what will she eat for breakfast?" Ivy asks. A chill is sent down my spine. She sounded so much like Prim just now, that for a second, I thought it was Prim. "I'll make her something special," Greasy Sae says. "Where Buttacup?" I hear Finn ask. I'm worried about Finn. He had delayed speech, and is only getting better now. Since he's four, he'll be starting school next year. For some reason, I've been worrying about this a lot. I never wanted kids in the first place, so why am I caring so much? The only reason I gave in was because Peeta said I could choose the names, and I wanted to remember Prim, Finnick, and Thresh. That's why Ivy's name is Ivy Rose, and Finn's name is Finn Thresher. "Here you go," a raspy voice says. My eyes roll up and I see Greasy Sae feeding me a spoonful of some awful tasting liquid. It's pure black, and it tastes exactly how it looks. I moan, and she feeds me another spoonful. She puts that away and takes another bowl from a silver tray. "Eat the soup," she says, "it's good for you." With that she starts to leave, but right as she reaches the door she stops and turns around. "Katniss," her nasally voice calls, "I know it's been hard, with Peeta, and Prim and all, but, your kids need you." The door shuts, and I'm left alone with my soup and Buttercup. Anger slowly starts to build up inside of me. Who is she to tell me how to raise my kids? I'm doing just fine raising them on my own after all I've been through! She's never even had kids! I take my bowl of soup and throw it against the wall. It shatters into pieces, and the soup spills all over the white wall and the carpeted floor. With more frustration, I let out a scream, which makes Buttercup turn immediately to see what the commotion is. Nearby downstairs, I hear what sounds like a sigh coming from Greasy Sae, who is probably cleaning the dishes with her torn red rag by now. I stare at the door, waiting for the Avox girl to come in and clean up the shattered bowl, help me clean up myself, and tell me it was okay even though I still felt guilty about what I did to her. But after a long time of waiting, there's just disappointment. Of course she's not coming. She's dead. Just like everyone else. Just like Finnick. Just like Cinna. Just like Prim. Just like Rue. And now, probably just like Peeta. A sudden thought pops in my head. Was Greasy Sae trying to help me? Maybe she wasn't insulting me. But why? What about me makes her care? I begin to realize the message she was sending me. Greasy Sae is a spitting image of what I was going to be if the Hunger Games still existed. I wasn't going to get married or have kids. Greasy Sae is the past, future me. I can't help but feel guilty. Maybe she regrets not having a family. After all, she's working for some young girl whom she really has no relationship with. But something else is bugging me. Another message comes to me from what she said. I'm becoming my mother. I'm tuning out, and I'm leaving my kids to provide for us. But they're too young. No. This isn't true. They've got Greasy Sae to take care of them. So it's better. "What are you saying Katniss?" I hear Peeta's voice in my head, "They need you! It's not any better when you aren't doing anything! You need to get up and move!" Peeta's fake voice in my head is right. I need to do something. I'm acting how I did when the rebellion was over. And Peeta. Where is he? Paylor said there was an emergency in District 13, and she needed him urgently! She even said it would only be a few weeks! Why hadn't Peeta called? Why hadn't she called? I just can't take it anymore. I pull the covers off of me and jump out of bed. I go to my wooden dresser and get out a pair of jeans, a white tee, and my dad's hunting jacket. As I put it on, I notice my bow and arrows aren't in their normal place. I open the door and march downstairs to the kitchen. "Good to see you up and running Katniss," Greasy Sae says. "Where are my bow and arrows?" I spit out. "Oh," she says, "I put them in the shack outside." "What?" I ask angrily. That shack's roof has cracks, and the door is broken. Anything could've happened to them! An animal could have wrecked the shed, or they could've gotten soaked in a previous rain shower. "Momma play with us," Finn says. "Not now Finn," I say stomping out of the house. I run over to the shed to check on my bow and arrows. Luckily, they aren't damaged. I grab the arrow bag and throw it over my shoulder, and tuck my bow under my right arm. I don't bother saying goodbye, or telling them where I'll be for the next few hours, but Greasy Sae probably already has an idea. So I run to the old gate that hasn't worked for years. I still don't know why they haven't taken it down. It's the only thing still existing of the old District 12. Now District 12 is a beautiful, quiet place. It's still a small town where everyone knows each other, but all the major photo shoots for fashion magazines are done in the woods here. It's really annoying when I'm trying to shoot a squirrel and I see some girl practically stripping for the photographer. Their cameras' flash always scare my prey away. They've added a gate that you can open and close to get in the woods, but