My new life Warning: I do not own any of the other characters except for Elise and Lyra. Also, the first chapter is not twilight related, but the next few chapters are. Chapter 1: Bad begginings Spring 2016, Willowdale, Washington state The short shrilling buzz sound of my alarm clock pierced through my ears. As soon as I opened my eyes a dark gloomy feeling was let into my room. Even without the red curtains open, I could still tell it was going to be a bad day. Because every day is a bad day. And there will never be a good day in my life. For now. I stood up too fast and there was a whole whir of fussiness around my head. It was there for a while until I shook my head and it finally went away. I made my bed and tidied up the schrunched up pieces of paper from last nights failed answers on homework. I felt something warm and squishy under my foot as I walked around to find the rest of the rubbish in my room. I looked down and saw lump of soft brown stuff smeared all of the wooden floor boards. It kind of looked like melted chocolate which had been smeared across the floor and melted on a rare sunny day. But, the smell was disgusting, like mouldy chesse, vomit and wet dog mixed together, it was the smell of poop. And I knew exactly who did it. Buddy, our kavoodle. I was raging with anger, now I had to clean up another thing in this house. I couldn't remember the last time that I hadn't cleaned up. It was always me having to be the adult, not my father, he was never any help, all he did was drink and go to the bar. I was the only adult in this house. But Elise helped out sometimes. Once I had cleaned up the dog poop I walked over to my white door and turned the round silver doorknob and let myself out of my room and out into the hallway that led to my sister's room, my dad's room and the bathroom. I clambered up into the bathroom, almost tripping over the small raised step that was below the door. I went through and headed to the shower. I slowly turned the metal knob that was the hot one, I felt it burn my skin, it didn't hurt, though; it just woke me up and refreshed me. Soon enough the glass exterior had fogged up. I drew a picture of a heart that was once mine before she left. Before she left me alone and dying on the inside for months. But I had to forget about it for now because I had too many important things going on that I had to worry about, like getting my homework done, studying for a test and most importantly; looking after myself. And everyone else. Once I had dried myself I went back into my bedroom grabbed my niceties: my long sleeved white button up, black pleated skirt, black blazer a pair of dark school shoes and a tie. I also grabbed my backpack, which had my textbooks and my pencil case. I grabbed my homework, which I stuffed straight into my backpack. I grabbed it and threw on my back. I felt it hit my back hard almost winding me in the process. I gasped in surprise as it smacked into me, but I also let out a bunch of abrupt giggles. Which caused my sister to come rushing into my room to see what was wrong. "Um, Lyra is everything okay?" Elise questioned me. "I'm fine, seriously" I stated. She shrugged and left the room. She was probably getting ready for school. I pushed my glasses up. Once I had finished brushing and blow drying my hair and had let it loose, I ran down the wooden stairs; gripping hard onto the railing as I went. My footsteps made a loud tapping sound, like raindrops in a storm. Once I finally reached the kitchen, I quickly grabbed a granola bar and descended out of the front door. Once I left the house, I walked leisurely towards my car. I threw myself in and forced myself to make the drive to school. Even though I drove as slow as a snail, it still felt like I was speeding at the speed of light. All of the houses were speeding past all mixing up into a marbled-like blur, making me feel a bit light headed. The rest of the landscape was green, with many trees and lots of grass. I passed through a few fields, which were covered all over with blooming flowers in various colors. I counted all the colors. Blue, purple, yellow, pink, red, white, orange. They were all very beautiful and each one was unique in its own way. And then they too all got mixed up into the marbled blur. After a while of driving through the country side I eventually made it to school. I never understood why they put the high school so far out from the rest of the town; it was practically in the middle of nowhere! I jumped out of my car, dusted off my skirt and blazer, straightened my tie and grabbed my bag from the passenger seat. A chill whistled in the air, making me shiver. I moved forward. I trudged angrily through the school gates. But I was kind of happy, though, it was the last day of school. The last day of my problems. The last day of hell. The last day of a prison. For now, at least, until spring break was over. Which was in two weeks. I probably wouldn't even get a break, though; with all the homework I would get. I missed the days when I would get assigned coloring pages or simple math homework. I missed when life was easy and effortless. I missed when I could get away with things and when I would sit under the big oak tree in the playground at Willowdale elementary. But what I missed most was my family. Right now it was strewn apart and torn into pieces, that were scattered all around the world. Right now my life was over, but I had to stay strong and get through it. I had to be positive and happy for my sister. And for my father, I needed to get him help; serious help. I paced myself slowly toward the main building, which was a modern mahogany structure that cascaded up a two floors. I looked around the pretty yard. There were a few oak trees surrounding the outdoor picnic tables that were an odd bottle green. Spring was definitely my favorite season, because of the birds, because of the grass. But also because of the weather, I preferred rain, but winter was too cold. And it snowed way too much in Washington state. I pushed through the two glass doors into the bleak yellowish walled hallway and moved through towards the check in area. I pulled my bag off my back, fumbled with the zips and finally reached in and felt around for my school identification and pulled it out. I walked over to the machine and swiftly swiped the card through the device and through the wrought irons gates once the barcode opened them. The old lady at the front office smiled sweetly at me as I passed her. She was slowly typing on an ancient looking computer. I made my way slowly through the school, making sure that I looked depressed enough so that no-one would bother me. I reached my boring weirdly colored locker and tried to open it. But no matter how hard I tried I wouldn't budge a bit. After what felt like hours of trying it finally slammed open, making a loud banging noise as it thumped another locker next door. I irritably reached into my locker and grabbed out a few extra things that I didn't take home. I walked further through the hallway, tying to make my way to the library before it was to late. The school was abuzz with the chatter of students that passed by me, talking about there plans for spring break. Almost no-one bothered me, so I was a little bit happy. Only one person did, though; it was my 'best friend'; Olivia. But I still wouldn't call her that. Even though I had known her my entire life, I still didn't call her my best friend, because she was a backstabbing, lying, she-devil. The only reason she was my friend, was because she was getting paid by some guy who would be her boyfriend if she did. Honestly, I didn't care if she was my friend or not, I had better things to do. And anyway I was used to being left alone because apparently, life isn't fair. She was wearing her blonde hair in loose curls and carrying a bright pink Prada saffiano lux small tote handbag. Her curls bounced energeticly. "Sooooo, what 'ca doin'? Olivia asked sloppily, taking off her Lugano diamond sunshades to reveal her tawny brown eyes. Why did she need them it was like 12 degrees Celsius outside and there was no sun! I let out a slight groan of annoyance before I answered her stupid question. She probably didn't even care what I was doing. "I am going somewhere away from you ," I said emphasizing the word you. I shuffled forward quickly away from her and headed towards the library. My black school shoes made a squeaking sound as I passed her. "Fine!" she shouted before I shuffled through the door into the next corridor. I was bubbling with anger, I felt like I was going to burst. I hated her so much. And she always found the right time to get to me and it always hurt. No-one cared though and some of the teachers tried to put me through therapy, but I mostly just left and walked to the book store and spent the rest of my time there until it closed. I would spend most of my days there and nobody would even notice that I was gone. Most of my friends were the people who worked there and the librarian. I had one super close friend in middle school; Allegra, and we did everything together. But then the summer before high school she packed up and moved to Florida. Right now she was probably hanging out with her new friends who were tan and sporty, unlike me, who was extremely pale and lacked in most fields of pyshical expertise. Before my mother left I had the perfect life, but now it was a wreck and it was my job to fix it. Not anyone elses. I paced my steps evenly towards the library, taking deep long breaths, I had to calm down before I came in otherwise more people would load me with questions. The rest of the school was the same bleak boring color, for as I've known that is how they have always been; boring and dull. The doors were a vomit green color; it was kind of funny though because the color made me want to vomit. And there were no posters, no trophies (like we would've won any), and no color. As soon as I walked in, the bell rung for the first period. Oh great! I actually was really looking forward going to the library. It was the one place where I belonged, the one safe place I could escape to at any time. But I always wished that I could be a character in those stories, but that wasn't reality. Reality was harsh. And very boring. No-one ever got what they want. Except for those stuck-up rich kids. My first class of the day was English, so I kind of looked forward to it because