Author's note: This was my submission for the Everlark Fic Exchange Springtime Edition 2016. I chose the prompt " Modern AU. Peeta has a life-threatening heart condition and is in dire need of a new heart. Katniss just lost her sister in a terrible car accident. Their paths cross when Prim's heart is donated to Peeta, just in time as his condition goes from bad to worse and all hope seems lost. Once recovered, Peeta is determined to meet the family of the girl whose heart saved his life, never expecting to find love along the way. 3 [submitted by Anonymous]" Much thanks to my bestie writingbutunpublished for looking over this several times and listening to me drone on and on about all my works. The title comes from the Evanescence song My Immortal, which really fits the story. When I originally picked this prompt, I thought about the movie Return to Me, but then it took a large turn. I still kept a line from the movie in here, so if you know it see if you can spot it. Part two coming very soon! Katniss stopped outside of the new bakery everyone had been raving about. It had started going up a few months before when she was still trying to get back to regular life. The extra people weren't a pleasant sight when all she wanted to do was stay in bed instead of facing anyone. Work was hard enough, even with Gale there. She walked in and stopped at the sight of a beautifully decorated cake, small and round with orange tiger lilies all down the side. Prim loved orange tiger lilies. And it was just a few days from her birthday. Katniss swallowed hard to keep the tears from falling, covering her mouth to hold back the cry she hated letting go in public. "How can I help you?" A young man asked from behind the counter. His blue eyes sparkled with kindness to match his welcoming smile. She pointed to the cake. "I'd like that cake, please." Not that I need it. "Sure." He pulled it out and smiled as he reached for a box. "Special occasion?" "My sister's birthday." She whispered, a rogue tear fell from her eye. "I can write a message on it." He offered. Taking a look at her face he added, "No extra charge." Katniss wiped at the tears falling freely and shook her head. "No, thank you." This was a bad idea. Looking a bit awkward, the young man took a napkin off the top of the display case and handed it over. "Are you okay, miss?" She shook her head. "I don't need the cake." She turned and walked home as quickly as she could, weaving in and out of the crowd. Peeta tried to follow the sad young woman, but she was quickly swallowed by the sea of people on their way to work. What had made her so sad? He asked himself as he continued to search for her. And why had he felt an odd connection the moment he set eyes on her. The mention of her sister's birthday, it made his heart flutter. His birthday was soon, too. And he'd decorated that cake with the orange tiger lilies because they were his favorite flower in his favorite color. Delly stepped out the front door. "Is something wrong, Peeta?" "No." He turned and stepped back into the store. "Nothing." Whatever it was, it didn't hurt. Looking in the mirror after his shower was a daily reminder that Peeta was alive because someone else was dead. It hurt him to think that way. Someone had lost a family member so that he could remain with his loved ones. Peeta had been close with his father and brothers, even before his mother left them when Peeta was still small. His father did all he could, even recruiting his three sons to work at the family bakery from a very young age. Peeta had jumped at the chance to run the new store across town when his father mentioned expanding. He had even scouted out the perfect location. Walking along the street felt so right for a reason he couldn't explain. And the little storefront that he picked out had the perfect space for a modest kitchen in the back for four ovens and a workspace for cake decoration. The apartment above was an added bonus. He could finally move out of his father's house and away from his constant worry. The sad woman was still on Peeta's mind as he finished cleaning up the decoration room. Delly dealt with the store front and Annie cleaned up the ovens. A new hire, a young girl named Posy who helped out a couple hours after school, swept and mopped all the back rooms and watched the others intently. "Posy?" Peeta motioned her over. "Tomorrow still okay for you?" She nodded. "Absolutely!" Peeta chuckled. "Your enthusiasm won't last once you have to handle the crowds. Saturdays are really busy." He gave her a hard look. "I expect you here at seven." "I can be here earlier if you need me to." Posy said anxiously. Peeta grinned. "We can handle it. Thank you. You deserve a bit of a break." "Well, you open at five. Are you sure you don't need me earlier?" "Seven." He said once more, patting her shoulder. "And you're done for today, so clock out and head home." She nodded and sat the mop and bucket back in the closet and headed toward the front. "Make sure you take the last of the croissants for your family." He called after her. Delly stepped in to bid him farewell a few minutes later. "Display cases all fingerprint and noseprint free." She announced. "Yay!" Peeta said as he finished the last of the organization. "Have any Friday night plans?" She shook her head. "Netflix and pizza." "Sounds like my plans." Annie said, leaning against the door frame. "Since my boss is stealing my boyfriend away for the evening." Peeta chuckled. "Your boyfriend is stealing me . I would love Netflix and Pizza." He yawned and stretched his back. "Finnick just thinks you need a girlfriend." Annie pointed at his chest. "That's held you back too long." He shrugged. "Whatever you guys say." He waved his hands. "You two get out of here." He followed both women to the front door and locked it behind them before he made his way up to his apartment. It was a small studio. The only door other than the one to the stairs led to the bathroom. Peeta's bed was behind a wall created by some bookshelves Finnick had made for him. Peeta pulled aside the curtain that separated his sleeping space from the rest of the apartment and rummaged in the antique wardrobe for an outfit. Finnick was bringing him to a bar to "scope out chicks." It was his first big night out after his heart transplant. Peeta stood in front of the bathroom mirror as he had every day for a year and stared at the scar running the length of his chest. He pressed his hand over his beating heart. Someone else was born with it, but he would die with it. That thought pained him more than anything he'd ever experienced before or after the transplant. He knew it would be the case, but he was never prepared for it. His phone rang, breaking him out of his thoughts and he saw Finnick's name pop up. "I'm downstairs." Finnick said by way of greeting. "Get your sexy ass dressed and down here so I can get you laid. Finally." Peeta sighed. "I'm on my way." He pulled on his shirt and headed out. Katniss stared at the calendar. Prim's birthday was marked clearly. Katniss had written it down out of habit and immediately regretted it. And now, so many months later, she still did. She took out her phone and opened the contacts. There were only three: Gale, Madge, and Gale's mother. It took her nearly the entire year to remove Prim's number. She'd only done it the week before when she called it and a man picked up. For so many months after Prim's death, Katniss called to listen to her voicemail. She was the one who paid the bill and it took a while for her to finally give up the contract on her sister's phone. She hadn't minded because it meant she could hear the young woman's chipper voice whenever she wanted. She tapped on Gale's number, the tears already falling again. A whole year of crying at the worst times still made her wonder how a body produced that many tears. "Hey, Catnip." Gale said gently when he answered. He always seemed to know how she was feeling before she even spoke. He knew the days of the year as well as her. "What's up?" "Gale, I…" She started sobbing, her hand over her mouth to try to muffle her voice. "Need me to come over?" He asked. "Please." She cried. "I'll be there in ten minutes." The line went dead and she curled up on the couch as her body trembled with her emotion. It had been a full year since the accident that had taken Prim away. The night of a million beeping and whirring machines that kept the aspiring doctor alive until Katniss finally brought herself to sign the paperwork that let Prim save a few more lives with her organs. She didn't hear the door open. But she felt the arms come around her and hold her. Strong, familiar arms that held her that night as she cried in very much the same way. Gale was her rock through all of this. His wife Madge was more than understanding. Madge had no siblings of her own, but marrying into the Hawthorne family allowed her to experience it. Losing any of her siblings-in-law would have been just as devastating. Katniss finally calmed and sat silently pressed against her best friend's chest. "You're okay now." He said softly. She shook her head and pressed her eyes into his shoulder for several breaths before she finally pulled away. "Her birthday is in two days. She was just two days away from twenty-five and she was gone." She choked on another sob. "It's not fair." "I know." He smoothed his hand over her hair. "Believe me, I know." She sat back and wiped at her eyes. She picked up a piece of paper from her coffee table. "I've been getting letters. From the people who got her organs." She covered her mouth and shook her head. "It's so strange saying that." Gale took the paper she held out and opened it. "This is from the man who got her heart." "Yes." She said softly. He read as Katniss wiped her eyes and nose. He asked, "What are you going to do?" "About what?" She stood and retrieved a new box of tissues. "He said he 'could never be grateful enough' for the new life he has. 'If I could ever pay you back I would.' Offered to bake you a lifetime supply of cookies or breads." She gave him an odd look. "What?" Gale asked. She shook her head. "Nothing. I doubt I could ever take him up on that offer. It's all anonymous." "I'm sure you could find out if you really wanted." He handed the letter back. "He's pretty long-winded. That letter is three pages." "He talks about his life." She folded it. "He grew up in a bakery, but never got to do much because of his heart condition." She sighed and decided to change the subject. "I almost bought a birthday cake for her today. But then I burst into tears and ran out of the bakery." He rubbed her back. "We should throw a party for her. Celebrate her life." She nodded. "I think she would like that."