Author's note: I'm slowly learning German. And with my Everlark obsession mixed in, this little idea formed itself in my mind and I couldn't shake it! So it just had to be done. Can't wait to hear what y'all think! I want to give huge thanks to Jules Quaintrelle who very kindly looked over my German and corrected as necessary (and it was quite necessary). Big thanks also to my bestie writingbutunpublished for reading everything force on her. Happy reading! (Look for translations at the end of the work.) Die Bäckerei An Everlark One Shot (with German) Katniss and her sister Prim had been saving money and planning a European trip for the better part of a decade. They'd put away the money from their parents' life insurance as well as every spare penny they could manage. They had enough to spend almost two months traveling. Prim was in her final year of college and the sisters were making all the final arrangements. Katniss was just about to buy their tickets when tragedy struck. While on the way home from a late night, Prim was killed in a wreck with a drunk driver. "Gale, what do I do?" Katniss asked desperately when the shock finally wore off. "I honestly don't know, Catnip." He squeezed her shoulders. "I don't think Prim would want you to wallow in this." She wiped her eyes. "Our parents haven't been gone that long." "No, they haven't." He let out a long breath. "You sure have been hit with the shit, haven't you?" Katniss snorted. "Yeah, to say the least." She stood with a frustrated groan. "It's not fair! Fuck!" Gale sat back and combed his fingers through his hair. "I wish I could bring her back, Katniss." "Me too." Her eyes caught the cork board on the wall where she and Prim had pinned all their plans for their European vacation. "So much time spent planning every single detail. And now she'll never go." "It's a shame it all has to go to waste." He said softly. She walked over and trailed her fingers over the map and the brochures and the pages printed from internet searches. "I'm going." "Are you sure?" Gale walked over and squeezed her shoulder. "That's a big place to go on your own." Katniss looked up with a sad smile. "Like you said, it's a shame for it to go to waste." She set her eyes on the picture Prim had photoshopped of the two of them in front of Big Ben. "I'll wait a bit and get some things settled. But, yeah, I'm going." Then she wrapped her arms around her friend's waist and sobbed into his shoulder. Katniss received a decent payout from the accident. She sold the home she'd inherited from her parents, sold all her belongings, and put a few things in storage for her return. Then she bought a ticket to Ireland. She'd wander through Prim's plans from one country to the next in her own rambling way. She could stay gone for quite a while just from all she'd saved with Prim. Katniss explored castles and churches. She followed the footsteps of Harry Potter and Claire and Jamie Fraser. She even spent a few nights pretending she was a heroine in a Jane Austen novel. But then she decided it was time for something a little different and she moved east to Germany. Prim had suggested it when they were making their plans. Afterward, they would have gone to Spain. Katniss had taken a year of German as her second language in high school. Prim had chosen Spanish. Prim was sure they could remember enough to get by each of those countries together. But when Katniss bough her ticket, she was worried she'd never figure it out on her own. All she could really remember was, " Wo ist die Bibliothek ?" And she figured she could introduce herself. That was about all she could pull up. She hoped she could remember once she got there. She found herself in a little town off the beaten path. Definitely not the smartest thing since most of the people seemed to only speak German. On the taxi ride in, she remembered spotting a charming little bakery with tables outside. After getting settled to her hotel and making a quick call to Gale, she stepped into the hotel lobby. " Hallo ." The kind woman behind the counter said. Katniss remembered her name was Mags. " Hallo ." Katniss chewed her lip a moment, trying to remember the word she was looking for. " Ich sehe ein… Bäckerei ." Mags brightened. " Ja ! Die Mellark Bäckerei ! Es ist die Beste hier !" She spoke quickly talking about all the pastries. Katniss thought she heard the word " kaffee ." Katniss held up her hands to stop the woman. "Um, wo ist es ?" " Wenn Sie aus der Tür kommen einfach nachs rechts gehen ." She gestured to the right. " Es is das vierte Gebäude ." The woman smiled. " Überqueren Sie die Straße. Die Bäckerei gegenüber vom Supermarkt ." Katniss nodded. " Vielen dank ." She headed out the door, following the woman's directions. The Supermarkt was pretty big. How she'd missed it and seen the bakery was beyond her. She turned and saw the little space. A sign that read " Bäckerei " hung over the door. The window was painted with the name Mellark in beautiful script. Behind the glass, there were several beautifully decorated cakes and cookies. Pastry that glistened with butter in the sun sat in a display case just inside the door. Katniss pushed open the door and a bell tinkled invitingly. A blonde man with broad chest and shoulders stepped through a door wiping his hands on a towel that hung from his apron. His face and hair were dusted with flour and there were smears of colored icing on the apron. He smiled and his blue eyes sparkled. " Wilkommen . Wie kann ich Ihnen helfen ?" Katniss looked around the room in amazement. "Wow. Es ist schön ." She pointed at the cakes. " Das hier ." The man smiled proudly. " Ich habe die Kuchen verziert ." " Du ?" Katniss pointed. He nodded. " Sind sie Amerikanerin ?" Katniss nodded. " Ja ." She looked into his face and saw he had a kind smile on his face. She remembered that she used the informal and grew embarrassed. " Entschuldigung. Meine Deutsch ist …" She gave a thumbs down made a face. He laughed. "I doubt my English is much better." She laughed and walked toward the display case. "You do this all yourself?" He shook his head. " Nein , zusammen mit mienem Vater und Brüdern ." He smiled. "It is just me today. Mittwoch is slow. We take it in turns." Katniss smiled. "What is your favorite?" She indicated the pastry on display. He smiled. " Buchteln ." He pointed to some rolls dusted with powdered sugar. "Those are filled with plum jam. But the ones beside are filled with curd and are much tastier." She was struck by the look of joy on his face as he spoke. He pointed out several others, his accent growing thicker as he continued. " Franzbröchten . Nussecken . Muskazine ." There were so many words that she grew confused, but she was entertained nonetheless. Katniss laughed. "So many." He laughed. "Many." "And do you have all the recipes memorized?" She felt the spark of his excitement. "I'm close." He laughed. "My Papa knows. I still have to look up the measurements." He reached in and took out one of the Buchtel . "This one has curds and is one I have completely off the top of my head. I'm proud of it." Katniss took it and asked, " Was ist der Preis ?" She was proud of herself for remembering that. " Nimm nur, für dich es ist gratis ." He said, waving his hand. "I have to pay." She argued. He shook his head. "Not at this time. Tomorrow, you come back and pay for whatever you like. A pretty girl like you deserves a gift." Katniss blushed. " Vielen dank ." She took the Buchtel and broke off a bit. It was light and slightly sweet. She let out a low moan of appreciation and then reddened even further from sounding so sexual in front of this gorgeous baker. "You like it?" He asked anxiously. She nodded. "It's so good." She swallowed. "Are you sure I can't pay you?" "Just come back tomorrow." He said. "And ask for Peeta." She smiled. "Peeta." He nodded. "And what is your name?" "Katniss." He repeated it, a dimple appeared in his cheek as his smile grew. "Pretty name for a pretty girl." "Thank you." Katniss mumbled something about getting out of his hair and left before she did something embarrassing. She wandered around the town for several hours until it was about time for some dinner. She ducked into a café and ordered a coffee and a sandwich. She watched the world go by as she ate and then headed back to her hotel to read for the rest of the night. Peeta watched her leave and then went back to cleaning up the back of the bakery. A few more customers came in, regulars. He packaged up their orders and sent them on their way. His father came in that evening to help him close up. " Wie war es heute ?" Conley asked. The Irish accent was even more prominent. He must have been speaking with his brother. It always got thicker after speaking with his Irish relatives. " Gut. Sehr gut ." Peeta boxed up the last of the pastry. He smiled. "Papa?" " Ja ?" Conley looked up from figuring the accounts. " Ich hab ein Mädchen getroffen. Eine Touristin ." Peeta laughed. " Sie ist Wunderschön !" Conley laughed. " Du bist verliebt ." Peeta nodded. " Ja,bin ich ." Conley clapped him on the shoulder. " Mein Sohn ." He laughed. " Du bist doch nach ein Kind ." Peeta shook his head. " Ich bin vierunzwanzig. Ich bin kein Kind mehr ." Conley waved his hand in dismissal and went back to work. Peeta continued to think about Katniss. Even as he and his father prepared their evening meal. After his mother Ingrid moved out, Peeta moved back home to help his father out. It was best for all of them because Peeta could pay a smaller rent to his father and also keep an eye on the old man. Conley spoke about his day. He'd had a nice, long conversation with his younger brother who still lived with his wife and children in the childhood home in Ireland. Peeta nodded at the appropriate places and made interested sounds, but it was all a show. He was thinking up ways to keep Katniss in the bakery the next day. Or perhaps ask her for a walk without seeming too forward. They watched television for a very short time after supper before Conley decided to call it a night. Peeta wasn't too far behind. They had to be up early to get the baking started. Katniss chose her least wrinkled green t-shirt and a pair of jeans that had one wear left. The rest of her clothes she sent off to the laundry service. She made her way back to the bakery to find her breakfast. Behind the counter was a man that looked very much like an older version of Peeta. His smile was just as bright and his blue eyes shone as he greeted her. " Guten Morgen, faulin !" He said in his booming voice. " Wie kann ich Ihnen helfin ?" Katniss smiled and asked, " Ist Peeta hier ?" The man's eyes brightened even more. "Ah, you're the American!" He said with a