Author's note: I wrote this for Prompts in Panem's Final Tribute challenge. This gem has been floating around in my head for a very long time now and I decided this was the little punch to get it going. The title comes from the Bastille song The Things We Lost in the Fire. Much thanks to LavenderVanilla for being a great beta and friend. And thanks to my bestie writingbutunpublished for tolerating me and my constant stream of Everlark fics. I have a new Tumblr devoted to fanfics! It's HPfanonezillion. Come talk to me! Happy reading! Part One The bakery was swamped. Peeta looked at his watch. Twenty minutes until closing. And then he'd get to see his daughter Lily. It was his week with her. He passed along the change to his latest customer and slid the box marked "Mellark Bakery" towards him. "Have a good afternoon." He said cheerfully. He helped Annie fill more orders from the massive line of people when he noticed the set of gray eyes staring at him from in front of the register. Katniss. He always noticed her eyes first. Next was the set of her mouth do gauge her mood. It was set in a straight line, so there was something on her mind she needed to discuss. A glance at the disgruntled customer behind Katniss informed Peeta that his estranged wife must have cut in line. In the past, she would have just made her way around the counter. So much had changed in the year they'd been separated. She still felt like she had a claim to the bakery, but not enough to walk behind the counter. "Hi, Katniss." He breathed. Her striking appearance, still dressed for coaching, distracted him from coherent thoughts. He'd seen her a week ago when he dropped their daughter off at her house. She was always beautiful, but there was something in the way she was holding herself today that made her a little more alluring. "Hi." Katniss said softly. "Can I talk to you? Is this a bad time?" "Never a bad time for you." He motioned for Annie to take over the counter and called for Delly to pause in the sweeping in the back. He then led Katniss into the kitchen where the workers were cleaning up for the day. "You really pissed off that lady." Peeta said with a chuckle. "She was just ordering some dinner rolls." Katniss said softly. "It wasn't like it was life and death or something." "And you couldn't have called me or waited until you brought Lily to tell me whatever this is?" He reached out and touched the end of her braid. It was a familiar, intimate gesture that he hadn't been close enough to perform in so long. She pulled away and twisted her hands, looking toward the clatter around them. "Can we go upstairs? I don't want to be overheard." He looked around the room. "It's almost closing time, Katniss. Can this wait fifteen minutes?" She sighed and crossed her arms. "I guess it could, but I promised Lily I wouldn't be gone long." He ran his fingers through his hair. "Yeah, come on." Why hadn't he brought her up in the first place? He held his hand out for her to go first and then followed her up the narrow set of stairs that led to his apartment. "Is everything okay? Is Lily okay?" "Lily's fine. She's with Prim and Gale." Katniss didn't say anything else until they were inside and the door to Peeta's tiny apartment was shut. "Do you remember that night when we were planning Lily's party?" She perched on the sofa. "What happened after?" Peeta took a seat on the adjacent chair. "Yeah, I do." Images of that night nearly three months before came flooding back. He remembered how soft Katniss's skin had been under his touch. The roughness of her hands as they explored his body. It had been both familiar and brand new. She'd whispered that he was still so attractive as she scraped her lips over his skin. After all those months without, it had been so intense. But she'd left in the morning without a word and she refused to talk about it when he tried to bring it up any time after, so he'd given up trying. He thought about it every day, late into the night in his lonely apartment. The only thing she talked with him about anymore was their daughter. It was like after that night, no other topics were okay. Peeta pulled himself out of his thoughts and looked over Katniss's expectant face trying to figure out what was going on. Maybe she decided that it was time to start the divorce process. Maybe she was thinking about getting back together. Admittedly, both thoughts had definitely crossed his mind more than once. She took a deep breath and said, "I'm pregnant." That was definitely the last thing Peeta planned to hear. "Oh." He could feel his heart speeding up. A baby. He looked her over again, trying to see if he could have picked up on that little tidbit just by her appearance. "You're sure?" Katniss nodded. "I had it confirmed at the clinic today." What was that look on her face? Apprehension? Expectation? "Wow." He could feel the smile growing on his face. He really wanted to reach out and touch her stomach, but he restrained himself. "So are we going to keep doing what we're doing?" What he really wanted to ask was, "Can I please move back in?" But he kept that thought to himself. She'd shut him out for sure. "I would like to. For now." Katniss hesitated a moment. "Prim reminded me that there were options. Like I would want to give it up or something. I'm in a really good position for this sort of thing, actually. You know with the coaching being so steady now. And the summer camp's booked solid." She was nervous. She always rambled when she was nervous. He dropped down to his knees in front of her. "Hey, that's great. And this baby and Lily can come stay here with me whenever you need a break, not just on my nights. We can shift those around if you want, too." He stopped and slowly reached up a hand to cup her face, wiping away a wayward tear as it drifted down her cheek. "I'm sorry if I ever made you feel like you weren't important." She shook her head and leaned into his touch. "It wasn't all you." She swallowed. "I'd like to start counseling." The suggestion came suddenly, but it was something he'd been considering bringing up for a long time. "I don't know." She swiped at her tears and sat back a little. He could read relief on her features as he dropped his hand. "I think it would be good for us." He said. "But it's whatever you want, Katniss." "No, Peeta." She grasped both his hands in hers. "I think part of our problems was both of us saying, 'Whatever you want' and never worrying about what was best for both of us. Or what was best for Lily. We're about to have two kids. We need to think differently." He nodded again. "Okay." He kissed her hand and suppressed his frown when she pulled away. "Counseling is probably a good idea." Katniss said slowly. "We can talk about it more when there's more time." "Isn't that what we always say?" Peeta pointed out. She shook her head. "Don't throw that back at me." She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "We can both do some research on counselors. And then we'll have that conversation. Okay?" "That would be good." He grabbed her hand. "I want to tell Lily about the baby together." "Are you sure that's a good idea?" Katniss asked. "I just told you ." "I want to tell the world." Peeta said. "And Lily is the center of that right now." She smiled and stood. "As long as you're sure." He followed her to the door. "I am." "When I bring her in a bit, we can sit down and lay out all the facts." She made her way out the door, but paused at the landing. They could still hear the clatter downstairs. She gently took hold of Peeta's face, her own filled with uncertainty. She leaned forward and pressed a soft kiss to his lips. "I don't want you to think badly about anything I said. You know how I am with words. I'm happy about this baby." She whispered. "I promise you I am." "Me too." He wrapped a tentative arm around her waist. "Will you stay tonight?" She hesitated before she said, "I don't think that's a good idea." She disentangled herself from his embrace. "We still have a long way to go." He nodded. "See you later." He followed her down through the shop and to the door. "Be careful." "I won't break." She said with a grin. He'd so missed that smile. Peeta watched Katniss go and then returned to the counter. "You're not as flushed as I'd expect you to be." Annie commented with a smirk. He chuckled. "We just talked." "That's good. It's a start." She rubbed his back. "Someone called to set up a cake order while you were out." And with that, it was back to work for the rest of the day, but Peeta couldn't stop thinking about Katniss and the new baby she was carrying. Was she really okay with it all? Would counseling really help them? What if they realized they would be better divorced after all? He didn't even want to imagine what that would be like. Katniss sat in her car outside Prim and Gale's house. Her heart hadn't slowed since she'd decided to give Peeta the news. She lifted her fingers to her lips, still tingling from the kiss. She'd missed that. Though not as much as Peeta's warm arms at night when she woke up from the nightmares. They were always about Lily getting hurt or getting kidnapped. But lately, she dreamed of horrible things happening to her and the baby she was carrying. They seemed to plague her the most when she was pregnant. The bad dreams happened almost nightly, which was the first sign to her that something out of the ordinary was going on. She groaned. "What am I doing?" She took her keys from the ignition and slid out of the car. Lily threw the door open and launched herself at Katniss. "Mama! You're back!" Katniss chuckled and gathered her daughter close, pressing her nose into the girl's hair. "Did you think I was gone for good?" Lily giggled. "No, but I sure do miss you when you leave." "And I sure do miss you." Katniss walked into the house and waved at Gale on the couch as she walked through to the kitchen, Lily still on her hip even though she was definitely too old for it at four. Prim smiled. "Hey, how did it go?" Katniss let out a long breath. "It was good." She kissed Lily's temple and sat her down. "Go back in there with Uncle Gale for a minute." "Okay!" She ran off screaming for her uncle. Katniss perched on a barstool and put her face in her hands. "He asked me to stay the night." She heard a spoon clatter to the floor and looked up. "It's not that shocking." "Of course not." Prim picked up the spoon and threw it into the sink before picking up another. "Just slipped from my hand." "Sure." Katniss was unconvinced. "Are you going to stay?" Prim asked, stirring something in a large pot. Katniss got up and walked around the island and sidled up to Prim. "So, what's cooking?" "You didn't answer my question." Prim gave her a hard look. "Are you going to