Author's note: This was my entry into the first round of The Everlark Games Tropes challenge. The trope for this round was alternate universe. So I chose an AU in which Peeta is a home health nurse for Prim who was paralyzed in a car accident that also took the lives of the Everdeen parents. The title comes from the Bastille song Weight of Living Part 1. Much thanks to my bestie writingbutunpublished for looking this over for me. Go check out her work. And much thanks to anyone out there who read this the first time around and voted to keep me going. Happy reading! Albatross Katniss hurried through the door and dropped her bag. "I'm sorry I'm late. Class ran over and then I caught every red light." Peeta waved from the stove. "I almost have supper done and then I'll be gone." "Don't you have class?" She stepped into the kitchen and smiled at Prim sitting near the table with her headphones on. They exchanged a wave. Katniss was very glad that nearly two years later, she had enough strength and movement in her arms to complete the gesture. "It was cancelled tonight." He slipped a piece of chicken on a plate and cut it up. Katniss stepped beside him. "What would it take to hire you full time?" "You're already paying out the nose for the agency." He argued, spooning mashed potatoes beside the chicken he'd just cut up. "I know. I was hoping to pay the same for private care and you come in Monday through Friday. Rory's got weekends off now and he wants to spend more time helping again." She leaned close. "She tell you he's moving in?" He chuckled and nodded. "She mentioned it a time or two." Prim spoke from the table. "Did Peeta tell you about seeing Rory's bare ass this morning?" Katniss laughed. "No. We didn't get that far." She looked back toward Peeta. "Were you impressed?" Peeta shrugged. "You see one ass, you seen 'em all." He chuckled. "Rory was pretty embarrassed, though." Katniss laughed again. "He's really shy. I accidentally walked into the bathroom after he got out of the shower and he nearly had a heartattack." Peeta sat the plate in front of Prim and pushed her chair closer. "Can you reach it all?" "Yep." Prim reached out and picked up her fork. "Water would be nice." She said with a grin. "Yeah, yeah." Peeta said as he poured her a glass from the pitcher. "Anything else, your majesty?" Katniss made a plate and handed it to Peeta. "If you don't have to go to class, you should stay and eat with us." "I only made enough for two" He pushed the plate back toward her. "Thank you, though. I have to get home." Katniss sat the plate down on the table and followed him toward the door. "You weren't offended by the offer, were you? Prim just really likes you." So do I. "I'll think about it. I've got another client I see on the other two days a week and I need to make sure she's got someone in place." He slung his bag over his shoulder. "But it's a tentative yes." She smiled. "Thank you!" She had to stop herself from reaching out to touch him. He gave her an apologetic look. "It's only until I get my RN. After that, I plan on moving to a rehab facility." He placed his hand on the doorknob. Her heart pounded. She'd done everything to hold him there and it was now time for him to go. "Yeah, but you still have another couple years to go." He nodded and opened the door. "See you Monday." He stepped outside and then turned. It looked like he was struggling to make himself say something, but all that came out was, "Your food's getting cold." And then he hurried out to his car. Katniss wandered back into the kitchen to find Prim once again had her headphones on, but she pulled them off when she saw her sister. "So did he kiss you goodbye?" Prim teased, pausing her iPod. Katniss felt her face heat up. "No kissing. But he is going to think about coming full time." "So you can see him every Tuesday and Thursday morning?" Prim giggled as Katniss adamantly shook her head. "You know that's not what I want. I can't help it that my classes Tuesday and Thursday don't start until nine-thirty." She took a bite of her mashed potatoes and made a face before popping the plate in the microwave. "But it won't hurt." With another laugh, Prim put her headphones back on. "This latest book is so boring. Sometimes I don't know why I do this job." "Because some of them are awesome. And then I get to listen to them. For free." Katniss pulled her plate out of the microwave and went back to eating. "He's such a good cook." She said with a moan. Prim snorted. "You need to bone him already." Katniss shook her head and continued eating in silence. It wasn't like she didn't fantasize about it at night. Peeta was attractive and smart and funny and strong. Sometimes, when she was home while Peeta was there, she'd watch intently as he carried Prim from the bathroom back to her chair. Anywhere, really. He was very strong. They'd spent a lot of time and energy getting the house altered enough for the chair and Prim's other needs, but the bathroom still needed some work. Thankfully, Peeta could carry her without having to awkwardly shove the chair through the door like Katniss and Rory tended to do when Peeta wasn't around. Peeta walked into his side of the duplex and hung his bag on the hook by the door. He took out his computer and booted it up before he walked toward the kitchen at the back of the room to make his supper. After throwing a frozen pizza into the oven, Peeta turned to his computer and pulled up the program the home health company used. He typed up a quick status report on Prim. And thought about Katniss the entire time. She was attractive and completely devoted to her younger sister. It was always one of his weaknesses when it came to his crushes, adoration and attentiveness to others. Finnick would tell him, "Just do it. Ask her out already." Dating relatives of clients was a bit of a gray area. He knew some home health aides who cared for family members or family of friends. It wasn't something easily avoided in a small town. Also, since they had talked about him working full time for private care, it would be a little weird. How would the conversations even start? "Hey, thanks for paying me? How about I bring you to dinner now?" No, thank you. He ate his pizza while he worked on his homework for the next week. Maybe one day Peeta would ask Katniss on a date, but it would have to wait until he moved on to another profession. Or at least another client. And he really liked Prim, she was fun to be around. His phone rang just as he was settling in to watch TV for the night. He answered without looking at the screen. "I'm not going out tonight, Finnick." He said in greeting. His friend groaned on the other end of the phone. "Come on, man! It's been a long week." "Yeah, exactly why I don't want to go anywhere." Peeta argued. Finnick sighed. "What if I bring a couple six packs to your place? Annie's doing a girls' night in and I don't think I can handle the romcom tonight." Peeta thought a moment and then let out a long breath. "Okay. Fine. But you have to pick up some baking ingredients. If I have to take care of your drunk ass, I need hangover cheese buns ready for you in the morning." "Text me a list, bro-tato chip." Finnick said before he hung up. Peeta checked his kitchen and then typed out a quick list to Finnick. It wasn't long one since he usually had most of the staples on hand. Then he picked up a little. Not that it mattered much. When Finnick had been his roommate before, their place usually got pretty trashed through the week. Peeta realized after Finnick moved out that he was part of the problem overall. Peeta pitied Annie. Katniss and Prim's house was always spotless. Part of his job was to make sure the house was orderly, but that part was usually just helping Prim fold a load of clothes. She claimed it made her feel normal to do that bit of housework at least. Katniss must have been very meticulous about the cleaning otherwise. Finnick's rhythmic knock startled Peeta out of his thoughts. He opened the door and waved the other man in. "I got something to tell you." Finnick said as he followed Peeta into the kitchen. "What is it?" Peeta unloaded the groceries and started pulling out a bowl to mix the dough for the cheese buns. "I'm going to ask Annie to marry me." Finnick said proudly. Peeta laughed and pulled his friend into a bear hug. "That's great!" "Do you think she'll say yes?" Finnick's voice was nervous. "I think she'll say that it's about time." Peeta laughed. Finnick nodded and popped the cap off one of the bottles. "I know she will. She's been hinting at it for a while." He took a long drink and wiped at his lip. "She actually asked me last year, but it didn't feel like the time was right." "Yeah." Peeta worked in silence while Finnick finished off his first beer and moved quickly to the second. "So Katniss asked me to work full time caring for her sister." "Is that right?" Finnick chuckled. "You going to do it?" "I don't know." Peeta draped a towel over the bowl and grabbed a bottle from the fridge. "It would mean going to the same place every day. And I really like it there. Prim is so bright and funny and we have a good time. It's not such a chore to go to work." "But?" Finnick gave him a challenging look. "But if I keep working for them, then…" "You can't ask Katniss out." Finnick finished. He shrugged. "Well, you know me: jump into bed first, ask for a name later. I'm not the rules guy." Peeta snorted and took a drink. Setting his bottle back on the table, he started picking at the label. "I have less than two years until I have RN. I can do something else then." "You're nothing if not patient." Finnick leaned back in his chair. "How long did it take you to ask Delly out?" Peeta shrugged. "She always had boyfriends." "And she turned you down, if I remember." Finnick finished off his second beer and went for another. Peeta shook his head. "Are going to drink everything in twenty minutes?" "You have a bottle of vodka in your freezer." Finnick popped the top off the third bottle. "Beer before liquor, never sicker." Peeta warned. Finnick clapped him on the shoulder. "I have a medical professional here to hold my hair back." He studied Peeta. "So what are you going to do about her? Wait?" "I don't know." Peeta stood and started pacing. "I'm about due for a girlfriend, right? Like, I'm not someone who's off limits for some reason? Because I'm a nurse?" Finnick laughed. "Bro, you have nothing to worry about with the nurse part. Plenty of Annie's friends moon over you. And they think it's cool that you're a nurse." "So why does no one show interest in me?" Peeta shook his head. "Nevermind." Finnick stood and grabbed his arm. "Listen, Peet, why do you care about what other girls think? You need to think about this Katniss