Trigger warning for forced sex, prostitution, underage prostitution, racism, racial slurs, arranged/forced marriage. Worry Is Calling Hunger Games Fanfiction Prologue The sun was starting to set behind the trees. It was Peeta's favorite time of day, with the oranges and yellows. The meadow they were in was Katniss's favorite place with its tall trees surrounding them and all the flowers. She loved all the green and yellow and white, a deep contrast to life in the Seam where everything was so grey and brown and always the same. And there was Peeta. She leaned in and pressed a kiss to his lips. Peeta smoothed his hand down Katniss's arm. He took her hand and brought it up to his mouth for a kiss. "I had a really lovely dream last night." "Oh?" She reached up and trailed her fingers over his cheek. "What sort of dream?" "We had a baby." He kissed her palm. "And there was another growing in you. And an older child ran around our feet." He smiled and pressed a kiss to her wrist just where the fabric of her blouse started. She moved forward and pressed her lips to his. "A lovely dream. But just a dream. We could never have babies." He stroked his fingers down her cheek. "You know, we could marry if you were to get in the family way." She shook her head. "No. She would make me end it." "It's why your parents married." Peeta pointed out. Katniss shook her head. "But my grandparents were compassionate. Your mother is...much less than compassionate." He chucked and pulled her across his lap. "She's a bitch. Everyone knows it. But it would get me away from her, so she would agree to the marriage." Katniss shook her head and pressed her eyes into Peeta's neck. "I want her to like me. If we make a baby before then, she'll resent me forever." He sighed and rubbed her back. "All right, my love." She looked up and grinned. "We can still..." She pressed a deep kiss to his lips. "I like your way of thinking." He reclined her on the ground and kissed her with soft, fleeting lips, stopping to suck and lick at her exposed skin. Katniss writhed and moaned beneath him, she begged softly until his mouth finally made contact with her most intimate flesh. She came quickly, crying out over and over. Katniss returned the favor in short order, doing her best to swallow down as much as she could and not soil her dress. She smiled up at him and he slowly lowered himself to his knees once more to kiss her deeply. "Time to go." He whispered against her lips. She sighed and pulled him down on top of her. They kissed a while longer before they reluctantly put themselves back together and headed out of the clearing. Annie collapsed on Finnick's chest with a content sigh. She began tracing the shape of his sweaty muscles with the tip of one finger. The cave was dark, but there was enough light from the opening so she could still make out the satisfied smile that always came to her lover's lips in the wake of their lovemaking. "I'm going to miss you." Annie said softly. "Miss me?" Finnick lifted her head away and made out her sparkling green eyes in the darkness. "I'm not going anywhere." "You are." She said. "I overheard my father and your uncle talking." "That's all they ever do." He said gently. She sighed. "I'm going to marry someone from another district and you're going away." "I've got plenty to do here." She mumbled something that sounded like, "Plenty of people." "They're bored, Annie." He groaned. "Who?" She demanded. "You know who." He pulled her close. "But I'm here. I've told you—" "Father is getting tired of people avoiding him after one of my…episodes." Finnick shook his head. "I won't let it happen, Ann." "You can't stop it." Annie said, resting her head on his chest once more. "When he wants something to happen, it happens." Finnick rubbed her back. "I promise you, Ann, that I will fight tooth and nail. I'm not leaving you when you get like you do so easily. Your father does nothing to help." "You won't..." She huffed and rolled away. "Just be nice to her, okay? I know how you can get." "Be nice to who?" "They girl they're going to make you marry." Her voice was exasperated. "How I can get?" He moved to hover over her. "You're the one that will bear the brunt of my moodiness. For the rest of your life." Annie shook her head. It was no use arguing it. Her father and Mr. Odair had been plotting for a while to get Finnick and Annie out of the picture. Her father claimed it was too much work trying to keep clients buying from him after all these years of excuses every time she went off. As for Finnick, his uncle's friends were bored with the young man's company. They preferred younger companions and, at nearly thirty, Finnick was far too old for their tastes. Something they made known every time Finnick made a visit. Still, he got the job done since he knew what every single one of them enjoyed. Annie sat up and started searching for her clothes. "Time to go. It's late and you have to be at the dock in just a few hours." Finnick grabbed her around the waist. "I love you. I'm not going anywhere. Okay?" She looked over her shoulder and nodded. "I love you, Finnick. And I always will." He rested his head against hers. "You're the only one that ever has my heart." He kissed her cheek and began dressing. Katniss tapped on the back door of the bakery with her basket of concoctions draped over her arm. Her mother put together healing teas, salves, and poultices and Katniss delivered them to clients, keeping a few extra to peddle between each stop. Maureen Mellark, with her constantly puckered face, answered. "What do you want, girl?" She demanded. She always looked immaculate despite working in a bakery where flour and sugar and all manner of ingredients were constantly in the air. Katniss held up the small jar of burn ointment she delivered every other week. "Your burn cream." She said, trying to keep the annoyance out of her voice. They were at a mutual stand-still after a run-in the other day sneaking in from the woods. Mrs. Mellark had never approved of Katniss. She claimed it was because Katniss was headstrong, but Katniss was sure it was due to the dark complexion she'd inherited from her father. And the baker's wife wasn't the only one. Mrs. Mellark snatched the jar out of her hand and walked away, slamming the door in Katniss's face. It was what usually happened when the woman answered. She sent someone else to pay. Usually one of her sons. The door opened again and her husband Conrad Mellark's kind face was there this time. He smiled and handed over some coins. "Got any squirrels for me today, Miss Everdeen?" Katniss shook her head. "Not today, Mr. Mellark. I'm sorry. They were hiding good this morning. But I'll keep an eye out this afternoon and come straight to you as soon as I get one." He grinned. "Thank you, Miss Everdeen." He stepped inside. Katniss started to walk toward her next destination, but he called her back. Mr. Mellark leaned toward her and said, "I sent Peeta to the Hob to drop some rolls with Greasy Sae." He closed the door without another word. Spurred by that, Katniss quickly finished her rounds and set her feet toward the Hob. Outside the old building that was formerly a war hospital, she nearly ran into Peeta. Purposely on her part. They shared a smile. Peeta said, "Good afternoon, Miss Everdeen." "Good afternoon, Mr. Mellark." Katniss took in his appearance. He was still covered in fine white power despite wearing an apron while he worked. She contributed it to the many sacks of flour he carried from the storage room to the room where they mixed pastry. Only his coat was free of the dust. Katniss knew they worked with their sleeves rolled up to their elbows, no coats, and full aprons. His tie was a little askew, as it so often was. She so wished she could reach up and straighten it. "How are you?" "I am well." He smiled and looked her over. He asked softly, "And you, Katniss?" Katniss looked down at her own disheveled form. Her dress was one of her mother's, patched and repaired so many times it probably wouldn't last much longer. Her own dresses were in need of repair from her many days in the forest. "I am very well." She said. Peeta said softly, "You look fine." Katniss felt herself relaxing. He knew her insecurity well. "Your mother didn't think so." He looked around and then stepped closer. "She never does." His eyes paused on something over her shoulder. "Peacekeepers?" Katniss followed his gaze to see four men in grey uniforms coming their way. "I need to warn the people inside." "Peeta Mellark." One of them called. Peeta froze. Katniss moved to stand closer to him, hoping it would be a protection, but knowing it was probably useless. The soldiers stepped in front of him. The one who said his name before announced, "Peeta Mellark, you are under arrest." A pair of shackles were produced and Peeta's arms were wrestled together. He tried to fight and was hit in the ribs hard by the hilt of a rifle. "What's going on?" Katniss asked. "Why are you arresting him? What has he done?" One of the men turned to her and his lips curled in contempt. "None of your business, girl. Now get going." They started dragging Peeta away. He struggled and had to be held by all four men. "Katniss!" He called. The basket dropped from Katniss's hands and she gathered her skirts to run after them. "Peeta! Let him go! He didn't do anything!" One of the men, the same one who'd dismissed her, stepped away from the group. He grabbed her arm and said, "You know exactly what he did. Taking up with someone like you." He pushed her down. "Run on home, girl. This isn't your concern." Peeta was locked into a carriage with a barred window at the back. He called, "Katniss, tell my dad. Please tell my dad." She watched helplessly as the carriage began to roll away. As she finally took in her surroundings, she noted all the eyes watching her. She usually tried to keep out of the public eye, but it was no use sometimes. The color of her skin and her disgraced parentage played a factor in her need to keep to herself. Still she couldn't help taking up for others when someone bigger or stronger was hurting them. How could she help Peeta? She picked up her basket and gathered all the strewn bottles quickly. Most of them were fine, thank God. She stood to make her way back to the bakery. She figured Mr. Mellark would already know by now, but she had to tell him herself. She spotted the limp felt cap Peeta had been wearing lying in the middle of the road, trampled by everyone in their attempt to ignore her once more. Katniss picked up the cap and stuffed it into the bottom of her basket. "Hey, Catnip." Gale called from behind her. She kept going. She needed to see Conrad Mellark about his son. Gale's heavy hand fell on her shoulder. "Where are you going?" "Mellark's Bakery." She explained, barely pausing. "She won't let you in." He said. "I'm not going to see her. " She twitched out of his grasp. Her steps were heavy, but quick. It was much the opposite of her