Author's note: Written for everlarkbirthdaydrabbles to honor aaltena26 on Feb 18th! The request was for smutty age gap. After kicking around a few ideas with writingbutunpublished, I settled on this one. She also betaed this and helped with some transition difficulties. I'd love to hear your thoughts. Happy reading! Peeta remembered staying up late when he was eight years old to see Katniss Everdeen compete in the final archery round in Athens. She had been a frontrunner from the start, especially since she'd just barely missed out getting into the games four years before. She was his first crush. When he was put in charge of showing the Olympian around campus as the Student Activities Board president, he was beside himself with excitement. He'd get to talk to her. Get her settled into her hotel. Introduce her to the group of students that would gather to see her archery demonstration. "Calm down, Mellark. She's just a person." He told himself as he bounced around in the parking lot waiting for her arrival. "A really hot person you've had a crush on nearly all your like, but a person nonetheless." A compact car that looked like it had seen better days pulled in and Katniss Everdeen emerged. She was even more beautiful that Peeta could have ever imagined. Her long brown hair hung in waves over her shoulders. The sign, "Dangerous curves" came to mind as she stretched and looked around. She removed her sunglasses and sent a smile Peeta's way, causing him to suddenly lose his normal ability to talk as her grey eyes landed on him. "Are you Peeta?" She asked as she walked over, a blonde girl Peeta knew to be her younger sister in her wake. "Yeah, that would be me." He managed to stutter, holding out his hand. "Peeta Mellark. I have to say, Miss Everdeen, I am a huge fan. I watched the final round in Athens when you won the gold." Katniss laughed and blushed a little. "That was hard day. But the best day of my life." "I thought the day I graduated high school was the best day of your life." The blonde girl teased. Katniss laughed. "No, sorry, my gold beats your graduation and your wedding day combined." She made introduction. "This is my sister Prim." She pointed her thumb toward the car. "That's Gale by the car. He's my best friend. Also my brother-in-law." Peeta nodded. "Well, I can help you find your way around campus. Unless you'd like to get settled in your hotel." Katniss smiled. "Already got settled, actually. We got up pretty early this morning. Gale likes to drive, so Prim and I slept in the car." "Then, I would love to show you around our lovely campus." Peeta led the way, jabbering away about the history of the school, all the while thinking about all the things he'd done while looking at Katniss's pictures growing up. And all the things he was going to imagine long after she was gone. Katniss didn't seem entirely interested, but she at least asked questions every once in a while. She smiled and reached out to touch Peeta's arm as they circled back to the start. "It's a beautiful campus. "Thanks." He felt his heart pounding in his chest at her touch. "Can't take too much credit, but I'm pretty proud of it." "As you should be." She said kindly. "So what time do I need to be back here tomorrow?" "Your demonstration starts at noon. You can come warm up any time before that. We'll have a crew set up your targets and everything this evening. Someone will be on hand in the morning as early as ten." He gave her his most dazzling smile. "But I can make sure you have my number in case you need someone before that." Katniss smoothly handed over her phone. "Thanks." Prim cleared her throat. Peeta noticed a look pass between the sisters, but nothing was said. He finished typing in his number and handed the phone back. "Call if you need anything." Peeta said. "I will." Katniss replied with a kind smile. "Oh, wow, isn't he cute?" Prim gushed as Gale pointed the car back toward the hotel. Katniss snorted. "Please, Prim, he's a baby." "What? Like twenty?" Prim said. "That's not a baby." "Well, you're married, so I don't know what you're going on about." Katniss pointed out. Gale chuckled. "Well, Catnip, you are very single and I think you should tap that. It would be good for you. Improve your mood." "Fuck you." Katniss crossed her arms. "It would just be weird. I'm thirty-two and he's barely out of high school." Prim leaned forward. "He's cute and he's smart and he's totally into you. So what if he's twenty? He gave you his number." She squeezed Katniss's arm gently. "And he did say to call if you needed anything . I say a toe-curling orgasm counts." Katniss covered her mouth as she laughed. "How do you know it would be toe-curling?" "The way he looked at you, he's probably been jerking off to your picture since he first figured out what masturbation was." Gale said. "He at least knows a little bit." "Solo experience has nothing to do with how well someone will be in the sack." Prim argued. "But you should try it anyway, Katniss. Maybe it'll be a learning experience for him." "Yeah, he could put it on his resume." Gale said with a suppressed laugh. "'I fucked archery gold medalist Katniss Everdeen.'" Katniss shook her head as she continued to laugh softly. "I can't believe you two." Gale shrugged as he pulled into the hotel parking lot. "Might as well go for it. He nearly came in his pants just looking at you." This got all three of them going. Prim said, "You'd know a thing or two about that, wouldn't you, Gale?" His ears turned pink. "Don't know what you're talking about, Prim." He got out of the car and headed toward the front door. Katniss and Prim followed, separating when they got to their floor. "Dinner in a half hour?" Prim asked. "Sure." Katniss stepped into the room and looked around. She sat down on the bed and looked around. Maybe Prim and Gale were right. Peeta groaned as Finnick beat him at yet another race. Which was unusual because he was pretty good at Mario Kart. "You're a little off your game today." Finnick said. "Just stressed." Peeta dropped the controller on the coffee table and stretched. "Like I always am when we have campus visitors. I shouldn't have run for president. This is a lot to take on." Finnick snorted. "Sure. Has nothing to do with it being Katniss Everdeen, your nightly wet dream." "Of course not." Peeta said defensively as he snatched up his ringing phone. The number was one he didn't recognize, but he answered anyway. "Hi, it's Katniss." The voice that floated through the line was a little uncertain. "It's Peeta, right?" "Yeah, it's Peeta." His heart sped up and he hurried to his bedroom to get away from Finnick's curious eavesdropping. "How can I help you?" She seemed to hesitate a moment before she said, "You want to come hang out with me?" She laughed. "Would that be weird?" "No, definitely not." Peeta said quickly. "But are you sure you want to spend your time with some college kid?" "I'm sure. My sister and brother-in-law are still in the honeymoon phase of their marriage and I always end up being the third wheel." Peeta chuckled. "I know that feeling." He paused. "So you want me to come for real?" She laughed. "Yes, I do." She gave him the name of the hotel and her room number. "Holy shit." Peeta said, staring at the disconnected phone. "Holy shit." He sat down on his bed and quickly pulled on his shoes. "Holy shit." He pulled a few condoms out of their place in his top drawer and stuffed them in his pocket before he hurried out. "I'm going to hang out with Katniss Everdeen." He said as he picked up his keys off the hook by the door. "Don't wait up." Peeta drove like a madman to get to the hotel across town. He walked casually past the front desk clerk and up to the third floor. Katniss opened the door just a moment after his knuckles made contact with the wood. She gave him a megawatt smile as she ushered him in. "I hope I didn't pull you away from studying or something." Peeta shook his head and sat on the chair in the corner. "I was just playing Mario Kart with my roommate." "I used to play that." She laughed. "When I wasn't doing target practice." He sat down in a chair just inside the door. "So you really do practice all the time?" She smiled and offered him a can of soda. "Not since I stopped competing so much." "So no Tokyo for you?" He asked. She shook her head. "I'm moving on to coaching. Maybe I'll get to go back in that capacity one day." She opened her can of coke and took a sip. "So what's your major?" "Art with an emphasis on graphic design." Peeta said proudly. Katniss gave him a kind smile. "That's a little lofty." "It is." He said. "But my dad owns a bakery and I'll go back to help him once school is done. I can still do art that way and not ever be broke or homeless." "Well, then, I suppose it's smart." She traced a grain on the table. "I never went to college. Too busy with hours and hours of training." He nodded. "I didn't even want to go to college, but my mom insisted. I decided if I had to come, I was going to do it on my own terms. She wanted me to do a business degree, but I chose art instead to spite her. I plan on learning all my dad can show me, anyway." She bit her lip and placed her hand on top of his. "I'm sure your dad would be very happy to do that for you." "Yeah." His voice caught in his throat at her touch. He blurted, "I have the biggest crush on you." She laughed and rubbed her thumb over the back of his hand. "I'm flattered." He laughed uncomfortably. "I told a kid in school when I was about twelve that you were a family friend and that I talked to you all the time. He didn't believe me, of course, and asked my mom. I got in so much trouble for trying to start that rumor." Katniss laughed at that. "Where did you grow up?" "Like an hour from your hometown. We really could have known each other." Peeta took a sip from his soda and sat it down. "Do you have a boyfriend?" He felt himself blush and shook his head. "That's a little forward of me, sorry. You don't have to answer." "No boyfriend." She said. "Never really had a lot of time for them." "Because of the practice?" She nodded. "Plenty of flings and one night stands, though." She gave him a steady look. "What about you?" "I had a girlfriend in high school. Some flings of my own here in college. A few attempted one night stands, but they got weirded out when I took my pants off and made a quick exit." She gave him a questioning look. "Not anything to do with my penis." He said quickly. "They're usually pretty impressed with that. It's the fact that I don't have leg." She glanced down. He took the cue and pulled up his left pant leg. "Four wheeler accident when I was a kid. Too crushed to even consider any sort of reconstruction." "How far…?" "Just above the knee." He dropped his pant leg back down. "I've started trying to