A/N: *waves* long time, no see. I know. I'm still around, as evidenced by this little story. Just wanted to say a quick "Thank you!" to ElleCC for beta'ing this one. As ever, I do not own Twilight. Oh, I realize this isn't the fare you're used to from me, but bear with me - and check out a very important announcement at the bottom. See you there! ooOoo Bella stood in the doorframe, her arms hugging her torso as she tried to keep herself together for his sake. She watched in silence as Jasper lay curled up in their bed, holding tight to Edward's pillow, his face pressed into it so much she worried whether he was still able to breathe. Oh, Jasper, I'm so sorry. I wish... I wish I could give him back to you. To both of us. She wiped her tears quickly, desperate to remain quiet so as not to disturb her friend in his grief. She knew he was trying to sleep – had been unable to really sleep since they'd lost Edward to cancer a month ago. Edward, her best friend since seventh grade. Edward, whom she'd shared almost all her secrets with. All but one, though in the end it turned out he knew even that one. She thought back to that last day, when she'd sat at his bedside, holding his frail hand in hers. Tears were streaming down her face as she tried valiantly to keep it together. She refused to fall apart while saying their goodbyes. It was only a matter of time now, and she'd be damned if she would make this any harder on her friend than it already was. Edward tried to smile as he squeezed her hand lightly, his strength long since gone. His voice trembled, sounding so very frail as he whispered, "Oh, Bells, I'm sorry. Please, don't cry for me." She laughed at that, in spite of herself. Shaking her head, she grinned, or at least, she tried. "Don't you worry about me," she said as firmly as she was able, wiping her tears. "I'll be fine." He nodded. " Bells? Promise me something." " Of course. Anything." Edward smiled then, his eyes bright despite the sadness in them. "Promise me you'll look after Jasper. I know you love him as much as I do, Bella. I've always known." She gasped in shock, but he didn't give her the chance to try to deny it. " Bella, losing me will kill him. I know he's trying to hide his pain, but I see it. I feel it. I need you to make sure he gets through this. I need for you to help him learn to love again after I'm gone. Please, promise me?" " I-" She blinked rapidly to clear the sudden tears in her eyes. Edward watched her carefully, hope and certainty — and not one ounce of reproach — in his eyes . He'd known about her feelings for his lover, silly as they were, and he didn't blame her for them at all. She'd never told a soul that she was in love with Jasper. Hadn't seen the point. Jasper was gay, and more than that, he was Edward's. " Please, Bella. I need to know he'll be all right after I'm gone," he whispered. She nodded. "I promise, Edward," she said hoarsely. Jasper whimpered, his body convulsing as grief ripped through him again. He couldn't believe – even now, a month after he'd buried the love of his life – that Edward was gone. He clutched at Edward's pillow, taking ragged breaths, but the pillow no longer held his scent, and that made the pain fresh. It was like losing him all over again, and it hurt . Wherever Jasper had turned these past few weeks, he'd seen Edward. He seemed to be everywhere, but every time he'd tried to reach out to him, he disappeared. He knew, on some level, that what he was seeing wasn't real, of course. Edward was dead and buried. Jasper had been there when he'd breathed his last breath, kissed him one last time after he'd passed, and said his goodbye. But it still felt so real to him, as if he could turn around and Edward would be right there. Jasper wasn't sure if he'd be able to cope much longer. He didn't know how to cope without Edward there. Edward had been his life. His reason for being, and now he was gone. It wasn't fair! How could Edward have left him behind like that? All alone! Part of Jasper hated Edward for that, and whenever that struck him, it tore him apart. Suddenly the bed dipped, and a warm body slid in beside Jasper, two arms wrapping around him, pulling his face onto a shoulder. It felt wrong, somehow. The body too soft, the scent too feminine. Bella ran gentle fingers through his hair and along his back as she soothed him, whispering tear-filled words that everything was going to be okay. She was there, and she wouldn't leave him. They clung to each other, crying, until finally sleep claimed Jasper. Bella lay there, holding him and trying not to think about how right he felt in her arms. She kept telling herself that it was wrong, wrong, wrong to feel like that. She reminded herself that even though Edward was no longer there, Jasper still belonged to him and Jasper was still gay. It didn't matter how her heart felt about matters; those two things, in her mind, were absolutes. It took Bella much longer to fall asleep. The following morning, she woke up alone. She was slightly confused as to why she was in a strange bed, but then she remembered where she was and why. Jerking into a seated position, she looked around for Jasper, but he wasn't there. Quickly, she got up to search for him. Jasper, in the meantime, had woken up before the sun had even come up, ashamed to find himself curled up around Bella. He hated the fact that he was unable to keep it together, but he was powerless to stop it. He'd loved Edward with his whole heart, and never once in all the years they'd been together had Jasper been able to imagine life without his lover. The day Edward had died, he felt like much of himself had gone along with him. Waking up with Bella holding him – and in truth, him holding her just as tightly, even in sleep – felt wrong. Like he was either replacing Edward for momentary comfort or using Bella to fill the gaping hole in his heart where Edward had been. So, instead of staying in bed and letting Bella somewhat comfort him, he'd left and ended up in Edward's office, sitting in Edward's favorite chair and staring at Edward's favorite picture of the two of them. Jasper had, in the time since Edward's passing, withdrawn himself from the world so completely that he was actually a little surprised that Bella had stuck around. No one else had. Then again, neither Jasper nor Edward had any family left to speak of. Both of them had lost their parents years ago, and neither of them had siblings. All they had were the friends they'd gathered over the years, but even those seemed to have given up on him, too uncertain how to handle Jasper's uncontrollable grief. Bella, however, refused to give up on him. She'd made a promise to Edward, after all, one she fully intended to keep no matter what Jasper did to push people away. She'd gotten to know the man well enough over the years to know he didn't mean any of the things he'd said to drive their other friends away. She knew that he was hurting, that he'd fallen so deep in despair that he couldn't find his way back up again on his own. She knew that Edward had entrusted her to help Jasper on that front. So, when she found him in Edward's office, she decided then and there that this simply wouldn't do. She could not – would not – allow Jasper to be alone anymore. She was moving in, whether he liked it or not. He wasn't taking care of himself, so she would do it for him. It was the only thing for it. Slowly, she walked up to him, but he didn't appear to hear her, didn't seem to even notice her at all, even when she knelt down in front of him. Not until she took his hand in both of hers did he acknowledge her at all, turning to face her, and even then all that she saw was pain. It tore at her heart to see how much Jasper was hurting. Gently, she cupped his cheek and sighed. "Jasper, you can't go on like this, sweetheart. Edward-" "Edward's gone! He left, Bella, to somewhere I can't follow!" Jasper's voice was hard, cutting as if made of shards. It made Bella flinch. The thought that Jasper might want to follow Edward was almost too much. Her jaw clenched as anger bubbled to the surface. Her brow furrowed as she looked at Jasper, her voice much harder than she'd intended. "Jasper Whitlock! You know Edward wouldn't want that for you! How dare you! I know how much you two loved each other, Jasper, I do. And I understand how much it hurts to lose him. But you're not the only person who lost someone they loved, and you are not alone!" She stopped herself just in time to keep from telling Jasper she loved him and how much it would hurt to lose him, too, after having already lost her best friend. Jasper stared at Bella in shock at her outburst. Never once since Edward had died had she raised her voice at him. Bella closed her eyes briefly, gathering herself. She sighed, whispering, "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have-" Jasper shook his head, squeezing her hand as he cleared his throat. "No," he said hoarsely, "it's all right. You're right. Edward wouldn't want... I just... I can't..." He closed his eyes, tipping his head back as he tried to get a hold of himself – something that cost him considerable effort. Before he could speak, though, Bella said, "Jasper, I don't think you should be alone anymore. I'm moving in, at least for a while, to make sure you'll be okay." Jasper started to protest, to say he didn't need her there, but they both knew it was a lie. Jasper had done the bare minimum to take care of himself – if even that – and they were both well aware of that fact, so when Bella sternly told him she was moving in and that was that, he relented. Especially after she reluctantly admitted she'd promised Edward to take care of him. Jasper could never go against Edward's wishes. So that day was spent getting Bella's things moved over and making arrangements to take care of her own apartment. They set her up in the guest room next to their – his – room, and Bella took it upon herself to clean the house. In truth, he'd neglected that, too, and he was ashamed to admit it. So much so that he ended up helping her as much as he could, though he found he had very little energy to spend. Still, Bella seemed to think it that was progress, and she appeared happy with it. Over the next several weeks, they developed a routine of sorts. Bella cooked and did most of the cleaning, forcing Jasper to eat at least three times a day despite his protests that he wasn't hungry. The fact that Jasper was still having issues with his appetite worried her greatly, to the point where she insisted on Jasper seeing a grief counselor. Jasper resisted for as long as he could, but