FOOTBALL + CHEER LEADING =?? Summary: Bella Swan is a 17 year old foster child after her latest party at her foster parents she gets sent away to new foster parents will she end up liking it? Or will there be somebody in the way to stop her. All Human BellaxEmmett Chapter 1 BPOV I was being shipped away again to some boring town called Forks. Like honestly who names a town Forks? Is the high school mascot a spoon. There was no way I was going to cheer for the spoons. I guess I should explain a bit about myself. My name is Isabella Marie Swan and I am a foster child my parents gave me up when I was born and I have been passed around from foster parents to foster parents. Every time I screwed up I would be sent away. I have never met my parents and I guess its a good thing because there would be nothing good to come from that conversation. I am sixteen years old have brown wavy hair, brown eyes and I am cheerleader. In in grade 12 I haven't had my 17th birthday yet since it's September 13th and I was only in school for a week before I got sent away. Anyways I am also the most popular girl at Lake Howell in Winter Park, Florida. Not only was I a cheerleader I was captain and was planing on taking the Silver Hawks to championships and winning just like last two years but no I had to go to the opening party and have my foster parents give me up. My ex-boyfriend Nathan Mitchell was captain of the football team. No I'm not the typical cheerleader I'm not a girly girl and I'm not a tom boy I wear whats comfortable for me. I have a dark blue Lamborghini since my ex foster parents are rich but don't want me because I give them a bad name. Attention all passengers we will be landing in Seattle Washington in 30 minutes. I sighed and looked out the window. I already missed my friends back in Winter Park. The plane landed and I made my way to grab my bags. I was wearing my white Silver Hawk sweater with my black Sliver Hawk yoga pants and white uggs. I had my black Chanel sunglasses on my head, my hair down and my black Gucci purse. I only had 2 bags because the rest opf my stuff got shipped to my new home. I was heading to the Cullen house there were twins my age, a doctor dad and a inter designer mom. For some reason I was scared this time to meet this new family I have never spoke to them or even seen a picture. My old foster parents the Jefferson's and the adoption agency dealth with the whole adoption thing with out me choosing my family like I always have. I grabbed my dark blue suitcases and walked off out to try and find my new family. I seen a sign saying Isabella Swan and I sighed and walked out to where a male with blondehair, some sort of bronzed hair male, a female with short spiky black hair and another female withI lighter bronze hair. I sighed again and walked over to them. "Hi I'm Isabella Swan. Are you the Cullen's?" The male with blond hair stepped forward. "Yes I'm Carlisle Cullen this is my wife Esme." He pointed to the female with a lighter bronze hair. I smiled at her and she smiled back. "this is my son Edward and Alice their the twins." I smiled at them and Alice pulled me into a hug. "I'm so excited we get to go shopping tomorrow with Rose she is Edward's girl friend and my best friend you will love her she is kind of mean at first but trust me she will like you and by the way I love your purse." I smiled at her and Edward laughed at her. "Yeah Alice I dont really like to shop so dont get your hopes up about me going all of the time." "Okay fine but I get to do a make-over on you not that you aren't already pretty its just that it will be so much fun." I must have had a scared expression on my face because she laughed. "OMG !" She was talking so fast I couldn't understand her. "Um Alice can you do me a favor and talk English instead of squeal." Edward, Carlisle and Esme laughed and Alice just glared at me. "Oh sorry I said I can not believe you are a cheerleader we are going to get along so well!" "Oh yeah I was captain at my old school since grade 10 so yeah." "What school did you go to?" "Lake Howell why?" "OMG! I can not believe that you guys won NCA Championships I wish our team was that good we don't even have a proper captain Lauren thinks that she can be captain because her daddy is on the school board and most of us don't even bother to mess with her." I was about to answer when Esme cut in. "As much as I love hearing about this why don't we continue this in the car." I looked around and realized that we were still in the airport. I nodded at her an walked beside Alice with Carlisle and Edward each carrying a bag. "So Isabella how was your flight?" "Oh just call me Bella and it was good long but okay the food was crap." "Well then we will stop for food on the way home maybe at a fast foodplace." She turned to look at Carlisle who was talking to Edward. "Carlisle dear were stopping for food on the way home us ladies are hungry and we want something greasy." "Yes Dear." I laughed at how fast Carlisle gave in my last foster father Will never gave into Judy that way she always had to beg. "Okay kids in the back." We rolled our eyes when he called us kids because we were far from it. We all jumped into Carlisle'sBlack SUV. I sat behind Carlisle with Alice beside me and Edward in the far back. We pulled out of the airport when I seen Esme nodded her head at Carlisle. "Bella we got something in the mail for you yesterday and I think it's blue maybe." I let out a squeal clapped my hands. "OMG are you serious Carlisle." He just shrugged his shoulders. "Please you can't joke about my baby did she come." He nodded and I squealed again and Alice laughed. "Dad I think she could give Alice a run for her money but please don't make them squeal its killing me and why couldn't we have gotten a boy so that I could have somebody to play video games with other than Jasper and Emmett." "SHUT UP EDWARD!" Alice and I said together then laughed at his face. "Oh and Eddie I will play video games with you it doesnt matter to me I use to school the football team so I'm pretty sure I will be able to beat you." "Yeah right and don't call me Eddie I hate that name." "Okay but I will." The rest of the way to Wendy's Edward and I fought over who would win playing video games. At Wendy's Alice ordered a spicy boneless chicken wings with fries and a coke. Esme got a Salad and a lemonade. Carlisle and Edward got a baconater with fries and a sprite. I got 10 chicken nugget with fries and a sprite. Once we got our food we traveled in silence to Forks. I must have fallen asleep because I felt the car stop and Edward shake me. I opened my eyes and smiled at him and he told me we were at his-our-house now. The house was beautiful it was a brick house and far off the road. It was HUGE. "Your house is beautiful Esme." "Oh honey it's your house too now and it will always be as long as you want it." I couldn't help it I ran up and hugged Esme. "Thank you so much all of you have been so kind to me I was never treated this way." "It's no problem we want you to be happy here." I smiled at Esme. "Well since you fell asleep in the car I figure you want to see your room?" I nodded and she took me up stairs. She pointed out Alice's room which was at the end of the hall way, Edwards which was across the hall from another door. "Okay Bella this is your room." She opened the door and I gasped. "Oh Bella if you don't like it then you can move into the guest room and we can redo it." "No Esme I love it I always wanted my room to be midnight blue with a light blue bed spread I love it thank you so much." I hugged her again and she laughed. "It's no problem Bella I will have the boys bring up your bags from the car and let you look around. Thorough the double doors you have a closet and on the other side is yours and Alice's. It would have been yours but she liked the mirror so now instead of sharing withEdward she wants to share with you if that's okay." "Yeah Esme that's fine I will even share with Edward if I had to it doesn't matter to me." Just then the boys came into the room with my bags and smiled at me. "Okay well lets let Bella get some sleep she has a big day tomorrow." I said good night and they all walked out of the room. I took this now as a chance to look around. In the middle of the room against the wall there was a canopy bed. It had white canopies and a black base. There was a love seat against the end of the bed. There was a flat screen TV and a desk in the far corner. I decide this was way to much to take in so I walked over to my suit case and pulled out my blue heart short shorts and Nathan's jersey. The good thing about Nathan and I we are still friends even after we broke up. I pulled out my Silver Hawks cheer captain blanket and went to bed. I woke up to somebody knocking on my door. I got up and opened the door to find a girl who looks like a supermodel at my door. "Hey Bella I'm Rosalie and Esme wanted me to come a get you to tell you that there is some food if you wants some." I nodded my head and put on my baby blue slippers. I walked down the stairs and followed my noes down to the kitchen. "Morning Esme do you need any help." "Oh no why don't you go and sit with Alice and Rose I'm sure the guys will be down in a second." I nodded and walked out of the kitchen and walked towards the door that Esme pointed out. "Morning Bella." "Hi Alice." "OMG ALICE YOU NEVER TOLD ME THAT BELLA WENT TO LAKE HOWELL! THEIR TEAM WON THE NCACHAMPIONSHIPS!" I laughed along with Alice. "I'm sorry Rose I missed a bit of information I guess I just didnt know if Bella wanted everybody to know I mean it looks like she is more of the football type." Alice looked over and winked at me. I sat down beside Alice and looked over at Rose. "Oh yeah I guess your right. What number are you wearing because there was this one hot guy number 28 and I swear that he came out of a catalog." I bushed and stood up. "HOLLY SHIT NO FREAKING WAY