Sam knew that she really shouldn't be doing this, that Lindros had advised against it, but she couldn't resist. So much so that Samantha Gamgee, the girl least likely to disobey any direct order, was going against an elf healer's orders! Sam had heard a lot about the heated bathing pools in Lord Elrond's home and their powers of relaxation from Merry and Pippin. They were extremely convenient as they allowed guests to the stately house to bathe whenever the fancy took them without the fuss of heating the water and pouring it into a tub that she had been used to at home. The baths were even more tempting after the long months spent in the wild with only brief washes in cold streams and pools. Sam had not had the chance to enjoy the baths yet because shortly after the return to Rivendell she had been injured by a falling rock in one of the many caves that ran along the walls of the valley whilst walking. That was several days ago and she had not been allowed to leave her bed since then; and therefore had not been able to have a decent bath and know she felt rather grubby and her hair was horribly lank. She was desperate to feel properly clean again. Tonight there was a great spring festival, and everybody was outside enjoying the singing and dancing, so Sam had seized the chance to get to the baths without anyone knowing. As soon as Frodo, Merry and Pippin had bidden her goodnight and left her room she pulled on some clean clothes and sneaked through the house, arriving at the baths only after several wrong turns, but thankfully without meeting any elf, man or dwarf. When she entered the baths she was at first slightly awed the simple eloquence of the room. It was a fairly large and rectangular walled and floored with white marble tiles. Tall candles flickered in brackets on the walls, giving the room a lovely, warm glow. The baths themselves were six wells cut into the floor, each about four feet deep and lined with the same marble as the walls. Each one had three high steps leading down into them, and was surrounded by their own woven screen, each of them decorated with patterns of birds and flowers. The baths were fed with hot water through heated copper pipes which led from the river outside. Other pipes took the water back out into the river, thus ensuring that the water in the baths was always fresh and ready for use. Sam ducked behind the nearest screen in case anybody should come in, and looking into the bath she found that it was covered by a thin layer of steam which hid the surface of the water completely. Slipping out of her soft shoes, she pulled off the green cotton tunic and short trousers, which she had taken to wearing in preference to a dress, and tested the surface of the water with a toe. It was perfect! Gingerly she felt her way down the steps into the bath and found that if she sat on the bottom step she was submerged up to her shoulders. "Mmm!" It was heavenly! For a short while she lay there soaking up the delightful feeling, but then she decided to get busy. Somebody could go to her room to check up on her, and then the game would be up. Within easy reach of the bath were several water jugs, along with some bars of soap and plenty of soft white towels. She leant over and reached for a bar of soap, but before she could pick it up the door to the baths opened and closed. "Samantha Gamgee, where are you!" Sam gasped and slipped off of her perch onto the bottom of the bath, spluttering as the water bubbled up her nose and stung her eyes. When she had resurfaced and finally wiped the worst of the water out of her eyes, they flew open. Frodo was crouching by the bath at her head, holding a towel and smirking. Sam's eyes immediately dropped down to check that she was completely hidden from view by the steam. She was, and breathing a sigh of relief she carefully crossed her arms over her front and settled back onto her seat. "What are you doing in here!" she demanded, very flustered. She glared up at him, her face bright red. Frodo leaned over and dabbed at her face with the towel, getting the last of the water out of her eyes. "I was about to ask you the same question." Frodo's face took on a look of mock criticism. "I thought that you were told not to leave your bed for another two days." Sam looked down and muttered, "I couldn't stand feeling so dirty. I haven't had a real wash since the accident." "I see." Frodo smiled down at her, amused at her clear guilt. Then his smile faltered, as he realised just what he was doing. He was chatting calmly to his closest friend, and she was completely naked! Her long, curly hair, the colour of honey, trailed over her bare shoulders which were glistening with drops of water. One lock of hair curled down onto her chest, lying gently over one breast which was covered by her wet arms. Frodo could just see the beginning of the dip that led between them down to her stomach, and the sight made his throat go dry. He closed his eyes as the feelings that had been awakened in him since her accident threatened to overwhelm him. When Sam had been brought back to the house in Gandalf's arms, unconscious and with a large gash on her forehead, the sight had scared him more than he ever would have thought it would. Oddly, throughout the whole quest she had never been really injured since Moria, apart from the everyday cuts and bruises. Over the next few hours he had done some serious thinking as he sat by her bedside after she was patched up. Sam had always been there for Frodo; given him unwavering support and care everyday of the quest, and eventually her presence had become an accepted and familiar aspect of his life. When the ring was finally destroyed they had clung to each other on the small island of rock in the sea of lava, with Sam being the one who gave him comfort from his fears. When they had been rescued and brought to Ithilien, Sam had become a less constant figure in his life; which had troubled him slightly. He was almost jealous of the other people with whom she talked and laughed, as he had grown accustomed to having her full attention. Sam had never abandoned him though. She still talked and laughed with him a great deal more than with anyone else, and Frodo had gradually begun to realise how much he valued her company. Sitting at her bedside though and seeing her injured and vulnerable for the first time had finally brought home to him how much he truly cherished her. The idea that she might be taken from him had horrified him. He would be so incredibly lost without being able to hear her soft voice, see her lovely face, and feel her gentle hands which would still clasp his whenever he was worried or distressed. "You've been in love with her for months, you idiot!" he thought to himself. "To think it took her near death to knock it into you!" Frodo opened his eyes and found Sam looking up at him with concern. "Are you alright?" she asked, her own eyes searching his face in puzzlement. Something of his feelings must have shown on his face. "Lean forward." he instructed, picking up a sweet smelling bar of soap. "Sorry?" "Lean forward. I'm going to wash your hair." Frodo dipped the soap into the water as he spoke and shuffled around to crouch behind her, working up a thick lather in his hands as he did do. Clearly there was to be no argument on the subject. Slowly Sam did as she was told, and then she jumped in surprise as Frodo's legs slid into the water on either side of her so that his feet rested on the step on which she was sat. He'd kicked off his shoes and the hems of his trousers were now soaked. "Hey! This is my bath." Sam scolded in an attempt to disguise her astonishment. Frodo had never been this relaxed around her when they had had to wash any time on the quest. He'd always given her as much privacy as he could. Now though she was naked in the bath, and he was acting as casually as if they were merely chatting at the breakfast table! "My knees would have fallen asleep, otherwise." Frodo answered easily. He could see Sam's nervousness despite her tone, for her body shook slightly despite the warm water. Frodo put the soap down beside him, and then began to slowly massage his hands into Sam's hair. She was as tense as a bowstring but he persisted, and gradually she began to relax. He avoided the area of her cut in order to prevent her any discomfort. Gathering up the rest of her hair on top of her head he soaped it too and she relaxed even more. A low humming came from her throat and he smiled indulgently. Reaching for a water jug he filled it and rinsed her hair several times to get rid of all of the suds. Then he reached for the soap again, and at the same time pushed her wet hair over one shoulder. Sam jumped when Frodo began to massage the soap into her shoulders, moving his palms in slow circles over her skin. Despite her nervousness she slowly relaxed again as he kneaded the tension out of her muscles. His fingers were working magic on her, and she sighed in contentment. She did not flinch when Frodo's hands moved down under the water onto her lower back and he smiled, pleased at her lack of discomfort. He stopped well short of her bottom, working his way back up and then down onto her upper arms. He stopped there, his fingers wrapped around her arms. Behind Sam, Frodo was gazing down at her intently. His eyes roamed over her bare back, down the string of pearls that were the contours of her spine. Her skin glowed in the candle light. Sam, who was sitting utterly relaxed between Frodo's calves, did not realise that he was so preoccupied. Therefore what he did next made her gasp in shock. Frodo's hands suddenly shifted her forwards. They disappeared for a moment, and then the water rippled past her as he lowered himself onto the step behind her. His hands encircled her waist and he pulled her back against his chest. Her eyes grew as wide as saucers as she realised that he had taken off his shirt. Their bare skin pressed together and Sam felt the friction of his trousers against her legs. "Frodo!" It was a whimper of fear and astonishment. "What are you doing!" "Bathing you." His voice was low and husky, and Sam shivered violently as she felt his lips brush against her ear. "But…but…!" Sam's mind reeled, but then she realised that she should feel angry and offended. She tried to pull forward, away from him. "Shhh." Sam felt her heart thud unevenly in her chest as one of his arms snaked around her waist to hold her in place and the other stroked over her stomach soothingly. Sam opened her mouth to protest, but nothing came out. "Let me do this for you." He said, his voice both gentle and intense. "Just tell me to stop and I will, I promise." Frodo's own heart thudded when Sam moaned in surrender. Her