Chapter 1 I yawned and stretched across my bed, feeling my limbs pop as I do so. The light teemed through the cracks of my window, forcing me to clamp my eyes shut and release a low groan. An enticing scent reached my nose, drawing me up from the bed, and I throw on my clothes. I had on my favorite gray tank top and jean jacket and a pair of yoga pants. I quickly ran my hands through my auburn colored hair and threw it up into a loose ponytail before sprinting downstairs. There stood my adoptive mother, Hestia, who smiled at me warmly. "Good morning Artemis. I made pancakes. Can you check if Apollo is awake yet?" I nodded and drew in a deep breath. "APOLLO! Get your ass down here!" Hestia shook her head as she put some pancakes on a plate with a spatula. "I meant that you should go up to his room and politely tell him to come downstairs for breakfast." I shrugged and went upstairs to his room. There was no way that I could disobey Hestia. I loved her way too much. My father and mother both abandoned Apollo and me when we were young; and Hestia took us in because she was our aunt. She's a kind, warm, and loving mother, who, by the way, gives the best advice. I knocked on Apollo's door, waiting for him to open up. Boys, always too lazy to get up early enough to not be late to their first day of school. "Apollo. Wake up. Mom's made us pancakes. Wouldn't want to miss that, would we?" I could literally hear Apollo shoot up from his bed and fumble into his clothes. I snickered when I heard him bump his head against something and yelp, "OW!" After only one minute, Apollo was at the table, fully clothed and ready to go to school. I stared at him, marveling at the fact that only pancakes could force him up from a deep sleep like that. Well, they were Hestia's pancakes. Her cooking could do wonders. After we both had inhaled our pancakes, we kissed our mother good-bye and walked outside. I swung my backpack onto my back and sat in the passenger's seat of Apollo's and my car. Hestia couldn't afford to buy us both our own separate cars, so we had to share. "Alright then little sis. You ready for senior year?" I rolled my eyes before answering, "Not anymore ready than anyone else on God's green earth." Apollo frowned. "You don't so happy. Maybe a haiku may lighten your spirits up." I groaned in protest. Ever since we had a unit in poetry in AP Lit/Comp, he would make a haiku about nearly everything. "Senior year is great. It marks the end of high school. Apollo is fab." I blinked owlishly at him. "That sucked." "Wow, tough crowd." Apollo said, pouting. He then focused on the road, not bothering to make any more of those tortuous haikus. Not even his friends liked them. I had no idea why he continued to make them in the first place. The trees and houses went by us, blending into one picture of smeared colors and streaks of green. I looked towards my brother, shaking my head at his appearance. His bright blond hair was spiked up again (I can't believe that was 'in style'!) and his ice blue eyes were still trained on the street. I sighed and tapped my foot on the ground out of boredom. I went to Olympus High School, where "Balance and Excellence is Achieved." Or so the motto says. But basically, in order to get in, you've got to have some special talent. And you have to be good at it. And I mean really good at it. Apollo got in because of his expertise in the medical field. He completed AP Biology in the seventh grade. I got into the school because of my exceptional talent in archery. I was a National Archer Finalist; only to lose to a man named Chiron. But, heck, I was like, eleven at that time, and he was pretty much ancient. Don't blame me. Apollo parked and we got out. The campus was still empty, because we always get there earlier than necessary. It's always hectic in the locker rooms; especially on the first day of school. I went to the front office and greeted the woman at the desk. "Artemis Olympia," I told the lady my name. She nodded and rummaged through her files. She pulled out a thin sheet of paper containing the schedule that I constructed over the summer and my locker number with its combination. I ran to my locker, throwing my textbooks and backpack inside. I kept my schedule sheet, though. I walked to my fist period classroom and dropped off my stuff at a random desk. Because it's so hard to get into my school, there was only about six hundred students in the whole school. Because of this, we had more privileges than most high schools. When I came out of the room, it seemed like teenagers popped out of nowhere. A whole stream of my classmates flowed in and out of the hallways, knocking into each other cluelessly. I tried to navigate my way through the sea of high school kids, but it was nearly impossible. I sighed and leaned against the wall, hoping that my best friend could come along and save me. A boy my age weaved through the people like water, asking them to show him to the office. He was failing miserably until he reached me. "Hey," he said breathlessly. I raised my eyebrow. He had disheveled black hair and luminous sea green eyes. He was tall, maybe a little over six feet and had a very nice build. He was probably a football player. I could tell he was new by the uneasy look in his eyes. Oh, and by the name tag that read: Perseus Jackson . They only gave those out to the new students. "Can you show me to the front office?" I scrunched up my nose. I wasn't particularly fond of the male species, but he did ask for help. "Sure," I said, and gestured for him to follow me. We passed through the throngs of people and walked to the front office, occasionally bumping into a person I'd never talked to. He saw the front office, and rushed ahead of me, just to open the door. I rolled my eyes at his lame attempt to be a gentleman. "Heya Gladys," I said to the lady at the desk. I jabbed a thumb at Perseus Jackson . "This boy here's new. Maybe you can give him his schedule and locker number?" Gladys, the lady who had given me my schedule earlier, had a brittle smile plastered to her face as she said, "Of course. Name, please?" "Perseus Jackson," the guy said, his hands in the pocket of his jeans, giving him a more "cool" look as they like to say it. "I moved from Montauk." I looked at him quizzically. He was probably the first person I'd ever seen from Long Island that didn't have an accent. Gladys handed him his papers and turned towards me. "Ms. Olympia," she said, "From what I see, you two have four classes together. Perhaps you could show him around?" I bit back a groan. Do I really have to be around this boy all day ? I shook my head even when I answered, "Sure, Gladys." Her smile stretched even farther across her middle-aged face and I snatched the paper from Perseus's hands. I confirmed that our schedule was very similar. "Follow me," I said, and walked to his locker. I showed him how to open it and told him how to open his locker. I got him the textbooks he needed for first period and walked him to the classroom. We went inside and he set his stuff down in the front row. "We've never properly introduced ourselves," Perseus said, outstretching an arm. "My name's Percy, nice to meet you." "Artemis," I said with a neutral expression and I shook his hand. My fingers unintentionally lingered on his and I had to pull my hand away. "Welcome to Olympus High School where—" "—'Balance and Excellence is Achieved," Perseus finished for me. "I know, I know. My mom was always talking to me about how great this school was. She's always talked about the 'true meaning of the motto.'" "What's your talent?" I asked curiously. No offense to him, but he seemed kind of plain. "Athletics," Perseus said. "Broke a world record for the fastest 12-year-old sprint. Then I was the star quarterback in my previous high school years." "Figures," I mumbled under my breath when I glanced at his muscles that showed through his shirt. "Any other sports you play? How about your favorite school subject?" "Um…I swim, I can play tennis, cross-country, basketball, baseball, rugby, soccer, and—" I interrupted him with, "Maybe you should say your favorite school subjects instead." Perseus blushed at that and rubbed the back of his neck. "O-oh…well…I'm not so good in that area. Actually, I'm really bad. It's a miracle I got into such a highly respected school like this. And I always get into trouble one way or another. But my favorite subject's probably history. What about you? How did you get in?" "Archery." I stated simply before the bell rang, and the classroom door burst open with a loud BANG . Students flooded in and sat down, separating Percy and me. After a few moments of intense chatter, the teacher walked—err—rolled into the classroom. He was middle-aged; with muddy brown hair and a beard. And then he said happily, "WELCOME TO LATIN IV!" The children jumped at how enthusiastic he was, and then laughed loudly when they saw his face. The man exuded a kind of energy that made you excited to learn and just made you plain and simply happy. "As I was saying," the man said, adjusting his jacket, "Welcome to Latin IV. If you were not here for Latin I, II, and III, I highly suggest you either get a tutor or ask a friend for help on your homework assignments. I suggest option one. My name is Chiron Brunner, at your service." He turned to the whiteboard. "Now, if anybody could tell me how to fully conjugate a third conjugation verb in the subjunctive mood?" oOo "Where were you this morning? And who is this?" Aphrodite, my best friend, asked. Even though we were complete opposites, I loved Aphrodite like she was the sister I never had. We grew up together, and although we were very different, we balanced each other out. Without her, I would've still been wearing loose gray jeans and an extra-large t-shirt. She was the prettiest girl you could ever see. She seemed different to everyone around her. What they thought was what beauty looked like, that would be what she looked like to them. Perseus was standing behind me, still holding his textbooks for second period. "This is Perseus Jackson." "Just Percy," he added, smiling his crooked smile. I stared at him, as if saying, Don't do that again, please . Aphrodite eyed him with a sparkle in her eyes. "Well, aren't you a hottie. I thought you weren't interested in relationships, Arty." My face blanched within a matter of milliseconds. "I'm not interested, Aphrodite. I'm showing Percy around the school because Gladys told me to." Aphrodite seemed to completely ignore me and turned to Percy. "So, you look new. Where are you from? How are you liking the school so far?" "I like it," Perseus said, "And I moved here from Montauk. My mom thought it might be more helpful to be closer to her publishing party. So…how'd you get in?" "With sheer willpower and talent," Aphrodite fibbed. I rolled my eyes