A/N: This is heavily based off of The Truth About Cats and Dogs. I simply wrote this because I thought that my favorite pair fit well in the situation, and I just really wanted to write Artemis this way. WARNING: Artemis, in regular universe, is a goddess. Therefore she is perfect. Well, in this fic, she will not perfect. She will be extremely body conscious, which is basically the whole reason why the plot happens. DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN THE RIGHTS TO THE TRUTH ABOUT CATS AND DOGS, NOR DO I OWN PERCY JACKSON AND THE OLYMPIANS. Please read the Author's Note on the bottom. There wasn't a time that Artemis remembered that she disliked animals. From the time she was born, she adored stuff animals. She still could recall the stuffed bunny she called Hops that she used for so long that it became a few threads held together by her mother Leto's sewing. And when she was older, her favorite pastime was playing on the Build-a-Bear website. When she was four, Zeus, her father, bought for her her first puppy. Artemis had squealed happily and looped the Black lab with chocolate eyes and an adorable black nose into her arms. "Daddy," she had said as she looked up at him with bright silver eyes, "I love him. Can I name him Benny?" Zeus smiled down at her with a wide smile reaching his bright blue eyes that she had not inherited, "Of course, Artemis. He's your dog." Artemis crooned happily and patted the dog's head. She had it sleep on her bed that night, and Benny slept on her bed every night after that. When she was six she taught Benny his first trick. With thick, chubby hands, she placed a treat on his nose and shouted at him to keep it on balance. Benny'd only cocked his head to the side and watched her with innocent eyes as the treat fell on the ground. "No!" Artemis whined, and put the treat back on Benny's nose. Benny was clueless for at least two hours, but Artemis was persistent and placed the treat on his nose every time it fell. Artemis thought he was kind of a "dummy," but it forged Artemis's patience. When at least Benny got it and could balance the treat, Artemis gathered the whole family. It seemed as though only Leto was paying attention; Zeus was looking on his phone, probably for business sales, and Apollo was playing with one of his Hot Wheels cars. When she had finished the trick, proudly smiling and showing off one of her missing front teeth, her smile broadened when Leto clapped and hugged her tightly. "I'm proud of you." Two years later, Artemis had taught Benny at least thirty tricks, ten of which she made up by herself. She invested a lot of time in her dog, and loved him more than anything. Artemis began walking him around the neighborhood, her auburn hair swishing around in its tight ponytail. Every time that Benny pulled, she would tug back and say in a high pitched voice, "No! Bad boy, Ben-Ben, bad boy !" And every time he behaved, she would give him a treat with a pat on the head. Benny loved her, and she loved him. Artemis was ten when she got into archery. She begged her parents for a bow to get on Christmas, and she did. Excitedly running about the house, Artemis could not be placated until she was taken to the range. Her teacher was a stern woman named Harper, and she strapped Artemis's arm guard with trembling hands. Artemis could barely pull back the string and it made her muscles sore, but she knew she could get stronger and it would get easier. Harper set up all the targets and supplied her with the arrows. Artemis nocked each one with skill and she was a natural. "Too far left," she would mutter to herself when the arrow missed the center by just a fraction of an inch. When Zeus picked her up later that day, he asked her how it went. "Harper said I was accurate, daddy! What does that mean?" "It means you're able to hit the target very well and get it spot on," Zeus grinned down at her with a toothy smile, "Do you like archery, dear?" Artemis nodded enthusiastically. "Yeah! It was really fun. My hair got all flown around when I released the string so Ms. Harper told me to tie my hair up. I don't like wearing my hair down, daddy." Zeus placed a hand on her back and led her to the car. "That's nice," he responded off handedly, as his mind was not focused on his daughter but on the road. "Do you want a snow cone?" "YES!" Artemis would've hugged him forever if she wasn't in the backseat. She hated being in the backseat. They went to the stand and Zeus ordered a lemon snow cone for Artemis and raspberry one for himself. They sat down at one of the plastic chairs near the stand and ate slowly. It was the middle of the summer and the burning sun in the sky made the cold ice welcome to their system. Artemis was content with her life, she had her two passions; pets and archery. She licked some of the snow cone off her fingers and threw the wrapping away before bounding toward the car with so much speed that Zeus had no hope of keeping up. They drove home, and Apollo asked his sister how the visit to the range went. "Fun!" Artemis replied before going to her bedroom to finish up her book report due the next year. Her insecurities began to poison her mind when she was twelve. She still fit in little clothes and felt as thin as a stick. All of her friends and fellow classmates were starting to fill out, and she didn't fail to notice how the boys always gave the girls with bigger breasts all the attention while she was ignored. Artemis always thought there was something wrong with her as she looked in the mirror and she realized she didn't even need a training bra. She told Leto sadly and wanted to cry. "I just want to pretty," she said, hanging her head down. "You are," Leto comforted her, and stroked the girl's gorgeous long auburn hair. "You are gorgeous. You just need to wait for your body to catch up. Remember patience? It's important. And one day, you'll look like all those girls. I promise." Artemis looked to Leto, with her flaming orange hair that brightened the room and her gentle features. She was considered model worthy, and Artemis only hoped to be like her. She was short, and her mother was tall. Her mother was curvy, and she was...not at all. "I want to look like you when I grow up, mom." "You will." Leto got up from her seat and left to the kitchen and began making dinner. She entered high school almost exactly as she had been when she was twelve, except her facial features had matured and her hair had darkened a little bit. Benny had little specks and flecks of white across his body, showing his age. Artemis tried not to think about his inevitable death too much. If she ever did, she ended up crying for hours. She was not picked on for her physique, just ignored. When ever she talked to someone, they would eye her as if wondering why in the hell she was talking to them. She didn't care if the boys did this, she just thought all of them were all assholes anyway. She ended up not caring at all by the end of freshman year and just ignored everyone else in return. In sophomore year she started interning at a vet's office. All she did was just sign people in and direct them and their pets to the examination room, but it was nice to get some exposure to the profession she wanted to pursue later on in life. She got good experience and it looked good on her transcript. Artemis loved to be around animals, it made her happy, and she was just a natural around them. Cats loved her and dogs adored her. By halfway through the year, she was an animal know-it-all. It passed her notice that all of the girls had boyfriends and affairs to worry about and that there was homecoming and football games that her high school won and lost. She put all of her attention in trying to become a vet, taking biology and studying textbooks she collected from the school library, where she spent most of her time. Artemis was withdrawn from the world, and she was just fine with that. "Benny, where are you puppy?" Artemis called for her one and only dog after school one day. She looked around the house and couldn't find him. She turned on her phone and her blood transformed into pure fear when she saw her mother's text message. Had to take Benny to the vet. His lungs are hemorrhaging. Come as soon as you can. Artemis choked back a sob. Her face contorted as tears began to fall, ruining her mascara, but she didn't care. Her best friend was going to die. She rushed to the vet, she just couldn't drive fast enough, it seemed. Bursting through the doors, she demanded that the lady up at the front, who had a bad piercing job and purple hair, tell her where the Olympia family was. The poor lady looked terrified, Artemis was a mess, with disheveled hair from tugging it out of stress and ruined makeup, and directed her to a room. She opened the door and saw Apollo and Leto surrounding the dog, who was lying down, unconscious. "They had to give him some drugs to get him to calm down. I'm sorry Artemis. He's not going to survive. He has lung cancer. They can't save him." There were tears resting in Leto's eyes. "We'll let you talk with him for a little bit before he has to go." They both left the room. Artemis crawled up to him. "Benny," she choked, "You Goddamn bastard ." Her shoulders began to shake as she sobbed uncontrollably. She didn't want to think that this was the last time she would see him. Her eyes would never see her precious Benny again. He would never perform his very first trick and he would never be praised after that shot would be pressed into him. "You can't…" she struggled for air, "You are my only friend." The hollowness swallowed her whole and the grief closed up her windpipe, making it almost impossible to breathe. She knew that this would happen, just not today, she thought, any day but today . Artemis hugged him, her hair brushing against Benny's fur. "I love you, Ben-Ben. Always." Leto came in and pulled her away from the dog, Artemis was staring blankly at the wall. It had to be done. She loved Benny too much to let him suffer. They all said one final goodbye, and with teary eyed faces and sniffles, they left the office. Artemis studied the anatomy of any animal that she could find, and read any animal related book she could get her hands on. When she was seventeen she could finally wear a B cup bra, but she didn't care, boys sucked. She still was a good marksman and often went to the archery range to cool off when she was angered by Zeus. They butted heads very often about stupid things. She was all prepared to go to Stanford by the end of senior year and she left her home with a heavy heart and went to California. Her dorm mate, Thalia, was nice enough, but Artemis didn't like her too much because she always brought boys home. And Artemis