Haymitch is going to love this, Effie thought wickedly. She set down the twin plates of Spaghetti Bolognese on the chequered tablecloth, lit the three wicks on the ornate candelabra. Fetched a bottle of champagne and some tall glasses. Laid out the silverware on top of the crisp white napkins, then scattered some lilac petals insouciantly across the table in the manner of a five-year-old decorating fairy-bread (lilacs were the romantic flower of choice these days. No-one could stand the sight of roses after President Snow's reign; his blood-and-flora fetish had brought indelible disrepute to the once-grand Rosaceae name). Once she was satisfied with the romantic ambience she had created, Effie took a seat at one of the table's wooden chairs and began to plot her seduction. It was the fifth-year anniversary of their cohabitation, and Effie had planned an extra special treat for this one. The problem was trying to determine the manner in which to reveal said treat to Haymitch. This treat had come courtesy of a beauty salon in the Capitol, which was called, somewhat misleadingly, "Waxwork Wonders." The salon was a high-end one that specialised in all manner of pubic hair stylings, from the fairly prosaic (your standard small triangles, crescent moons, diamonds that recalled softball fields) to the more adventurous (hearts, stars, menorahs, a ribbon that spelled out your partner's name in henna held aloft by a pair of turtledoves...oh, the mutitudinous ways to prettify one's pudenda!) The salon, like virtually every other upscale enterprise in the Capitol, was an opulent establishment whose decadent treasures belied the consummate tackiness of its decor—overall, the impression it gave was one of a trailer-trash woman who'd recently won the lottery and wore a flapper dress everywhere to prove that she was now a high-society lady. Indeed, everything in Waxwork Wonders was so incredibly gaudy, its interiors as pink as its clients' undercarriages after they'd availed themselves of its services. Effie had booked into the salon at four o'clock on a Friday, exactly one hour after she'd finished work. Saturday night was their anniversary dinner, which meant that Effie had had to keep her body concealed throughout Friday evening and all day Saturday—a depressingly easy feat. At the beginning of their courtship, Haymitch had been like a wild animal, always pawing at her even through Public's restrictive confines, and ravaging her in Private where his primitive impulses were given free reign ("domestic sphere" seemed like such a misnomer; during those early years, never had Effie seen Haymitch less domesticated than when the two of them were alone together). These days, though, the beast's passionate fire had been well and truly extinguished by the brown liquid menace, which not only made Haymitch more cagey and argumentative, but also had the unfortunate side-effect of brewer's droop*, which put quite a downer (so to speak) on their erotic shenanigans. In the last year or so, Effie'd had to concede that she and Haymitch were less like a lusty Beauty and her masculine Beast than a sour-puss spinster and her senile canine, one who barked stupidly without provocation or cessation and periodically pissed all over the rug. A pity she couldn't rub his nose in it. The wax was her last-ditch effort to reclaim any semblance of this animalism, of their once-dynamic-now-dull sex life. As Effie had sat in the waiting area, perched apprehensively on the edge of the heart-shaped velvet cushion in one of salon's pink wicker chairs, she couldn't help but notice that the other customers were all much younger than she was: Twenty-somethings wanting to wear their thong bikinis to the beach sans the embarrassment of any curly black protrusions; thirty-somethings getting their lady-parts landscaped so their beleaguered husbands could associate the region with sex again, and not its bloody aftermath in the form of childbirth. At nearly fifty years old, Effie Trinket was easily the oldest woman in the salon. And yet, she was less bothered by the youth of these women than the missed opportunities their youth reminded her of: Throughout most of her twenties, Effie had worked non-stop as a personal assistant to the Gamemakers, and spent most of her thirties grieving the loss of her husband (a government minister killed on an official visit to District Twelve by a crazed resident). Aside from a glorious 5-year period of frenzied love-making from ages 27 to 32 (when her late husband had still been alive), followed by a brief period of promiscuity in the two years immediately after his death, sex had featured very little in the life of Effie Trinket. In fact, for the most part, the very act of 'preparing' for sex—of buying a naughty teddy or some sexy French lingerie, of signing up for Tantric yoga or erotic pole-dancing classes—had always seemed like something that only other women were allowed to do. Effie hated to admit it, but she probably was A Good Little Capitol Girl after all, despite Mr. Abernathy's X-rated imaginings to the contrary. She wished she'd been more sexually adventurous as a young woman, regretted all the time she'd spent working under one tyrant when she could've been naked under many. But then, other young women didn't have to watch their husbands get brutally killed—she didn't see how she could've behaved any differently. It was sad, really. There were all these little unseized moments, all these wasted opportunities that died inconsequential deaths on the altar of our refusals, and we rarely bothered to give even the slightest thought to their passing. As Effie looked around her at the young women in the salon—some accompanied by their mothers, some having a good old laugh with their girlfriends—she felt a sharp pang of regret in her chest. She mourned these wasted moments now, and in doing so, was able to give them a proper burial—deep in the recesses of her mind, where the various losses of her tragically-circumscribed young life could finally be put to rest. "Effie Trinket?" Effie jumped. The woman who'd suddenly materialised before her smelled heavily of a perfume whose exact scent Effie couldn't place. She was dressed in a gorgeous red cocktail dress patterned with tiny white hearts. The loveliness of the outfit was in stark contrast to the grotesque deformity of its wearer: the woman's face appeared to be tattooed to resemble a tiger, covered in a series of curved black and orange stripes. She had whisker implants, three per cheek, and piercing yellow eyes whose unnatural upward curve called to mind a pair of devil horns. Both of these eyes were trained squarely on Effie now, pinning her in place like a dead dry butterfly. "Uh...ye-yes, that's me, Effie, I'm Effie. Effie Trinket," she stuttered, climbing nervously to her feet and extending a trembling hand so that this strange woman might shake it. When the woman immediately seized her hand, in a movement so swift and animal-like Effie'd had to stop herself from recoiling, she couldn't help but blanch when she saw the woman's fingernails—four inches long and each sharpened to a deadly point. Like claws. The woman gave her hand a vigorous shake before diffidently releasing it and shooting her what was probably a friendly—but looked vaguely menacing, on her—smile. "Tigris," she introduced herself coolly, her Cheshire smile widening. "Right this way, Ms. Trinket." Effie followed Tigris down the hall and into a room that she was relieved to see was not, in fact, all pink. In fact, it was rather lovely: The room had dim lighting and a gently comforting ambience. Chinese lanterns floated just below the ceiling, stringless and seemingly suspended in mid-air. Effie marvelled at their defiance of gravity. Through the subtle glow, Effie could see that the walls had been painted to resemble traditional Chinese landscape paintings, their tiny human specks barely visible against the sprawling grandeur of the mountainous backdrop. These paintings made your eyes play hopscotch, leaping from one spot to another and then back again with merry abandon, because there was no central focal point. Each fine brushstroke seemed to modestly beckon your eye for its momentary appreciation. How different from Western Renaissance art, based solely on a single individual's perspective, with the distance vanishing away from one lone vantage point. Paintings such as these were multi-focal, based on many points of view. What an interesting way of looking at the world. Accepting rather than rigid. Fluid rather than fixed. Self-effacing, not strident. And what a stark contrast with the gaudy pink waiting area and the outside of the salon, whose over-bearing brashness could basically function as a signifier for the average Panemian (or "American" in the old language) herself! Effie had been a typical Panemian, once: one-sided, self-righteous. Always convinced she knew what was best for everyone else. She was still like that, in some ways. Still bossy, still carping. And yet: Her husband's death had introduced various shades of grey to her monochromatic colour scheme. Effie was starting to wonder if her thoughts about Western and Eastern art representing each culture's essential character was a kind of racism, when Tigris's voice startled her. "Remove your lower garments please, Miss." Being a Good Capitol Girl, Effie did as she was told, shimmying out of her pink pencil skirt, folding it into a neat square and primly setting it down on one of the side benches. When she got to her knickers, she hesitated, blushing. Was she really going to expose her wherewithal to this woman? Tigris, who'd been busy over in a corner heating up the wax, suddenly glanced over her shoulder and their eyes locked. "Yes, you'll need to get out of your panties, too. Don't worry"—she nodded her head at the white sheet lying on the bed in the centre of the room—"when you climb up on that, you can use the sheet for modesty." Another Cheshire grin. The ghastly woman seemed to be relishing Effie's discomfort. Effie got up onto the bed, pulled the sheet up to her waist, then slipped her arms under it, grabbed the sides of her knickers, tugged down and wiggled. When she got them down to her ankles, she simply let them fall to floor, still blushing furiously. Then Tigris came over with the wax, a small wooden panel and some cloth strips. Effie had the sheet entirely covering her body, all the way down to her ankles. Tigris looked at her expectantly, silently intimating that she'd like her to hike it up so she could commence her work. When Effie just gave her a slightly-frightened smile, Tigris sighed and yanked it up for her. The sudden exposure was a shock to her system, a violation. It was so oddly intimate —entrusting your genitals to a stranger who wasn't your lover or your GP. Feeling a strong sense of her innate Capitol propriety— prudery, some would call it—Effie tried to dispel her embarrassment (and, let's face it, extreme nervousness) by making small-talk with this awful woman. "So, uh...on the scale of one to ten—'one' being squeezing a zit and 'ten' being childbirth—how painful is this, uh, procedure going to be, would you say?" Tigris laughed. "It's not so terrible. I am not going to lie, it will hurt—this is your first time, Miss—so, I would say about a seven, maybe? But nowhere near as painful as childbirth." " You have children?" Effie could barely conceal her shock. This creature-woman was a mother? Someone had procreated with her? Still, she supposed the woman had probably looked normal once. Or maybe she'd hooked up with Birdman and they'd had a baby bat. "Oh, yes." Tigris gave another laugh. It was a horrible laugh; a kind of hiss-wheeze. "I have one daughter. She works here at this salon. Good way to earn herself some pocket money, huh? She'll be turning eighteen soon." Eighteen, Effie thought bitterly. Her stomach twisted. The same age her daughter would've been if...if... "What shape would you like your Aphrodite's Garden made into, Miss?" Tigris asked suddenly, cutting off her