A/N: And now for something completely different! This is a story that will be told in four or five parts: The Distant Past I & II and The Recent Past, which are set pre-series, and The Present, which is set during book 1. I may or may not add a fifth ('Some Future Time', post-Mockingjay) if I get enough ideas or if it strikes my fancy. The whole story is essentially a coming-of-age one for Effie, which deals with her journey from oblivious Capitol girl to some glimmer of adult awareness-specifically, awareness of the awfulness of the Games and her complicity through inaction. Also, a bit of Hayffie in later chapters for those who like it! Apologies for the pointless reveal (you'll see what I'm talking about later). Summary: Two Capitol girls have their fragile sensibilities disturbed by a former District girl's enthusiasm for bloodsport. "Too Close For Comfort" or "How Warfare Became Child's Play" The distant past (I) The arenas were primitive in those days: Gladiatorial colosseums curving around an enormous glass dome in the centre. Sitting at a safe remove from the dome in their bowl-like bleachers, row upon row of powder-faced Capitol audiences would watch the tiny teenagers below die for their amusement, ants beneath their child's magnifying glass; birds tumbling from trees after being struck with stones from their slingshots. Some faces were alight with joy; others darkened by anxiety; still others were entirely inscrutable. Some of this inscrutability was no doubt attributable to a copious amount of Botulin injections, which Capitol citizens typically received from the age of fourteen onwards. But wrinkle-congealing toxins don't freeze hearts; and indeed, for every four or five children who extinguish the lives of lesser creatures without so much as a second thought, there is one who lingers tentatively after the blood has been spilled, who looks at the senselessness and the brutality and the lifeless body lying on the ground before them, and asks themselves, "Why?" " Magnificent, isn't it?" Davahlia sighed as she used the remote control to adjust the focus on her sister's contact lenses, allowing the teenager a better glimpse of the majestic woodland arena. The Games would be so much better this year now that they'd brought in Ultra-Vision, she thought. Ultra-Vision were a remote-operated contact lens/camera hybrid that allowed even spectators on the bowl's rim to witness the action up close, every twig and every redwood leaf, every severed limb and every glistening bone protrusion. Manufactured by Nike (with the slogan, "Ultra-clarity. Ultra-focus. Ultra-exciting. Ultra-Vision: the ultimate Games-viewing experience" ) and previously reserved strictly for high-ranking Capitol officials, this was the first year these recordable-function contact lenses had been made available to the general public. Of course, Davahlia had purchased a couple of pairs the minute they went on sale. Not that the girls needed any, what with their front-row seats and all. It was her sister's thirteenth birthday, and Davahlia wanted her first time as a Hunger Games spectator to be a special one. "It's pretty cool." The little elf seemed excited, although like most teenagers she was trying to bury it beneath a facade of too-cool-for-this aloofness. "It's so clear, isn't it? Probably not a patch on its competitor, though. My friend Cassidy says her i-Saw is in-credible." "Her what?" "I-saw. Apple's rival brand." "Oh." Davahlia bristled somewhat. She knew her sister wasn't deliberately being an ingrate, but teenagers had a way of doing that, of greeting Herculean efforts and heartfelt gestures with flippant shoulder shrugs in a way that could rile less patient types. Davahlia wasn't especially patient, but it was her sister's big day; she would need to greet these small irritations with more equanimity than usual. And so, calmly, she asked, "Well, Little Elf, how are you enjoying your first Games so far? Pretty neat, huh?" Her sister used the remote's wide-angle function to zoom back to normal, then turned her head and met Davahlia's gaze for the first time. "Yeah," she said sincerely, the corners of her mouth lifting upwards into a grateful smile. "You know, Davey, I may not always show it, but I am thankful for all the stuff you do for me. Including taking me to the Games' early evening session—the fireworks display is going to be sensational! Thank you so much. And you should be so proud of yourself; I know this is a special day for you as well." She gave her older sister a meaningful look. Davahlia swelled with emotion. Teenage siblings; sometimes they really could surprise you. And her sister was right: this was a special day for her, too—Davahlia's first Hunger Games as an escort to the child tributes. Moreover, at twenty-one years of age, Davahlia was the youngest escort in Games history (twenty-one was the cut-off age, but the average age for most escorts was twenty-eight or older. Most twenty-one-year-olds lacked the maturity and psychological fortitude necessary to prepare young people for the gruelling challenges—and hopefully, boundless glory!—that lay ahead of them. That she of all people had been selected for this job was both terrifying and exhilarating; Davahlia now knew how the first thirty-five-year-old President of Panem must've felt after being sworn into office). Davahlia excitedly wrapped her arms around her sister's skinny shoulders and squeezed her tightly. "I know! And I'm so thrilled you're here to share it with me, Little Elf! Obviously, it's not as important as your birthday, but, well—it's pretty damn close! Ha ha." Though the elder sibling by eight whole years, Davahlia was the giddier, more easily-excitable of the two, and she often joked good-naturedly about her immaturity and self-centredness. Of course, she wasn't always immature—she never could've been the youngest escort in Games history if she didn't possess a grown-up side and a willingness to work her ass off—but it required more diligence on her part than it did on her sister's, whose wise-beyond-her-years poses seemed almost effortless. But then, Little Elf probably was wise beyond her years, which was good in some ways but maddening in others. Although graceful in most social situations, she had a way of pointing out flaws (in objects and sometimes even in people) with all the grace and subtlety of a sledgehammer. The previous year when their family had been dining with some very prestigious Capitol officials, her sister had tartly remarked to the man sitting next to her at the table, "It was ridiculous how one of the tributes was able to escape the Arena and run into the Game-maker room underneath the bleachers. There was nothing separating that boy from the exit but a bit of dry-wall! I mean, I know there's supposed to be a force-field and such, but if it malfunctions wouldn't you want the barrier behind it to be made of something like, I don't know, bricks? That Head Game-maker is so stupid. Zeus' beard, even I could've done a more competent job!" That she was currently conversing with said Game-maker seemed to have escaped her notice. Nonetheless; the girl had an eye for details. Davahlia remembered when she and her sister had been watching the Games together in their living-room a couple of years ago, and the then eleven-year-old elf had pointed out literally every visible patch of force-field in the whole fucking Arena. Davahlia had been amazed; most of what her sister had seen was barely perceptible to the naked human eye unless you got right up close to the set and squinted. But the elf had pointed this out in such a superior, isn't-it-obvious tone that Davahlia couldn't resist churlishly muttering, "Well, no, actually, I didn't notice that; I'm more interested in paying attention to stuff that's actually important. Like the tributes." Her sister, lying on the floor on her stomach with her small chin resting in her cupped hands, twisted her head around and regarded Davahlia disdainfully over one shoulder. "Really? I'm not." "See? There! You can see a glimmer of force-field at the top of that redwood. If the Game-makers set a fire, this place will blaze out of control far too easily." There she was, at it again, pointing out flaws. Davahlia gave her sister an irritated look. "You know, those contact lenses weren't designed so you could play critic." "I should like to be a Game-maker myself someday," the Little Elf remarked absent-mindedly, eyes now fixed squarely on the giant glass ball of the Arena. "Or an architect, perhaps. But a Game-maker would be amazing." Just then, the dome of the Arena began to glow like an orb. Davahlia gave her sister a serious look and raised a stern finger to her lips. "Ssh!" she admonished, leaning forward eagerly in her seat, "The Games are about to start!" Across the dome, projected onto the outer glass, was a spectacular simulated fireworks display. Though merely a projection, the pixelated plumes of purple, pink and green were no less awe-inspiring than their noisier gunpowder counterparts. From their privileged vantage point in the front row, Davahlia and her sister had to lean right back in their seats and slouch slightly as if they were at the movies. It was breath-taking to be up so close; the projection was such that shimmering, rippling waves of sparkles appeared to rain down on the audience like falling stars. A shimmery rivulet settled across Little Elf's arms and lap like a blanket. She grinned slyly as she cupped a handful and pretended to throw them in Davahlia's face, giggling. As the fireworks display ended, the screen became ablaze with light. "Here it is!" Davahlia exclaimed, straightening up. "The moment we've been waiting for! Quick, adjust the telephoto on your contacts! Also, it's getting dark out; don't forget to set 'em to night cam!" An advertisement flashed across the screen. Davahlia slumped wearily back down into her seat. "Great. Another ad." The ad depicted a lioness creeping stealthily along the plains of the Masai Mara in pursuit of a lone, oblivious antelope. The eyes of the audience followed the lioness as it drew ever nearer to its prey. Then, all of a sudden, the second the lion got up and began to charge, the camera switched perspectives so the audience was now seeing through the lion's eyes. The crowd watched a paw swipe within inches of the antelope's hindquarters as if it was their own, saw each individual fleck of dirt as it sprayed up from the majestic beast's hooves and into their faces. Saw its pupil dilate fearfully as the set of sabre-like teeth prepared to bite down hard on the frightened creature's back... At this critical moment, the screen went dark, and there was simply a few words followed by a smooth, deep male voice-over: "A powerful game needs powerful vision. Ultra-Vision. See the world through the eyes of the powerful." Davahlia laughed. "I wonder how much Nike paid for that advertising space?" "Ssh!" Little Elf snapped reprovingly, this time playing Big Sister. Oddly, it seemed more natural coming from her. "They're about to begin the countdown." Once the Games were underway, the two sisters nattered about the tributes; who they liked, who they didn't, and who they thought would first wind up as pastrami. "I do like the boy from Three," Little Elf grinned, referring to the District her sister was chaperoning. "He's very cute. But there's just something so handsome about the seventeen-year-old from Twelve. He's so…manly. Rugged. A little rough around the edges, but…I kind of like that, you know. In fact, were it not for my loyalty to you , Davey, I must say I'd prefer for him to win." "Sounds like someone has a cru-ush," Davahlia teased. "I saw you cut a photo of the Twelver boy out of the Sunday Times liftout and then disappear off into your bedroom. When you finally emerged you had a blue tongue. Been frenching posters again, Elf?" Her sister scoffed. "Don't be absurd! I don't know if you've realised, Davey, but I'm not nine year old anymore." But