A/N: So, I'm not sure if I'm going to expand this into a short multi-chapter or not. I kind of want to because I've got all sorts of ideas for these two. It might be a bit of a wait though because I'm working hard on completing Stumbling Home. So for now, I hope you enjoy this smutty little O/S I do not own twilight or its characters. "Hey, Bella, are you alright?" I asked after knocking gently on her closed door. She didn't answer, but I could hear her muffled sobs on the other side of the door. "Bella, love, I'm coming in. Okay?" Without waiting for her to answer I eased the door open slowly. I peered in and saw the pathetic sight of my sweet girl curled up on her bed. She looked exhausted and so weary. Her eyes were rimmed in red, her cheeks were wet and flushed, and her hair was a wild mess of curls. Anyone else would look like a crazy mess in this state, but of course Bella looked sexy as fuck in her tiny tank top and sleep shorts. She looked over at me sniffling, clearly trying to calm herself now that I was here to witness her breakdown. "Bella, baby, what happened?" I asked as I joined her on the bed. I couldn't help myself I had to comfort her in any way I could. Pushing the hair back from her sweet face, I began to gently stroke her head. She looked up at me with watery eyes, so beautiful even in her sadness. "I'm going to be alone forever," she whispered. My brow furrowed in confusion. I couldn't take the distance any longer. I scooped her up and cradled her on my lap as I leaned against her plush headboard. Alice had made this room over before she moved. A parting gift to her favorite roommate. I had to give it to her, the room was insanely comfortable and totally Bella. "Baby what are you talking about? What happened to make you so sad?" I asked anxiously as I continued to stroke her hair. She clung to me as a soft shudder passed through her body. I pulled a small blanket from her bed and wrapped it around us. After a moment she spoke, her voice soft and rough from crying. "Alice and Rose set me up with some guy they knew from Alice's theater group. I didn't even want to go, but you guys all had dates tonight and they were so pushy about it I finally relented." She paused and wiped her face on the corner of the blanket. My heart broke at the idea of her going out with some asshole because the rest of us were out passing the time with some girls Emmett had set us up with. I was back early because the chick he'd dug up for me, Jessica, was unbearably clingy and bitchy. I extracted myself as soon as I could and I was so glad I had. Her soft voice continued, interrupting my thoughts, "So I let Alice set me up with James, against my better judgement. The asshole made me wait twenty minutes at Carney's; I was just about to leave when he finally showed up. I tried to give him a chance, but he just kept trying to grab my tits at every turn. I think he was drunk when he showed up, to be honest. To make matters worse, he found the waitress equally enticing and was pawing at her ass, which she didn't seem to mind. Anyhow, I excused myself, saying I needed the bathroom and left the creepy groper to himself." I was floored. Bella was literally the most beautiful woman I knew. She was kind, funny and smart as hell. I knew she didn't date much, but she always seemed so intensely focused on her studies; it seemed like she didn't have time for dating. "Baby, I'm sorry. Do you want me to kick his ass?" I asked. "No, he's not worth it," she giggled, though I'd been perfectly serious. Bella was one of my best friends and I didn't like people fucking with my friends. Honestly if it hadn't been for that stupid pact the five of us had made when we asked her to move in with us three years ago, I would have made a move on her ages ago. But I'd given my word, we all had, that I wouldn't fuck up our living situation by getting romantically involved with Bella. It seemed the only solution when we all wanted her. "Okay I understand you had a shitty night, but why does it make you think you'll be alone forever. That seems like a dramatic response to one douchebag don't you think?" I asked, looking down at her sad face, ghosting my fingers across her damp cheek. She gazed up at me, her eyes wide and pained, "I don't know. It feels like I only attract pricks. Anyone worthwhile seems to see me as more of a sister than a potential girlfriend." My breath hitched at the pleading look in her eyes. It took every ounce of my control to keep myself from kissing her in that moment. She needed to know that she was so worth loving, so wanted. "Love, you are so beautiful and sexy." I said kissing her nose instead of her soft full lips like I wanted to. "You are so smart, sweet and funny as hell." I dropped another kiss on her forehead. "Anyone would be foolish not to see what an amazing catch you are." I pulled back again, meeting her eyes so that she could read the sincerity there. We remained like that for long moment, our eyes locked. She seemed to be searching for something as she stared intently at me. Her hand came up and softly caressed my cheek. I couldn't help but lean into her palm. A contented sigh escaped me before I could suppress it. My body had been fighting this attraction for years and now that she was this close to me some of my reactions were beyond my control. Something new flashed in her eyes, bewilderment mixed with determination, maybe. I wasn't sure, but in the next moment she leaned in and pressed her soft lips to mine. I was helpless against such temptation. I returned her kiss with all of the love and lust I had been containing for years. And Bella met my lips with equal intensity. I pulled her full bottom lip into my mouth and nibbled on it like I'd longed to for ages. These lips that had haunted me for so long tasted just as sweet as I imagined they would. She moaned softly as I slid my tongue into her warm mouth. She moved across my lap as I caressed her tongue with my own. With her legs straddling my hips my hands instinctively found their way to her luscious thighs. I loved Bella's body. It had tormented me for years. She was a tiny little thing with delicious curvy legs and the most amazing ass I'd ever seen. She had this sweet innocence that made you think of one of those coy, forties pinups with impossible proportions. Without my permission, my hands slid up further under the soft, tiny shorts she was wearing and grasped her perfect ass. I groaned as I realized she wasn't wearing anything under her shorts. Bella moaned and ground herself against my painfully hard erection, causing my hips to buck up in response. Something in that movement made both of us suddenly aware of how quickly things had escalated. We each pulled back, our eyes locked as we each fought to control our breathing. The tiniest smirk on her lips was all the encouragement I needed; I lunged forward, capturing her lips again and pushing her back onto the bed. I hovered above her, my hips resting between her legs as I continued to explore her delicious mouth. I felt her hands travel down my chest and rest at my waist. It took me a second to realize that she'd started undoing my belt. I pulled back to catch her eye again. She looked so certain, I decided to stop questioning this. I leaned down and kissed along her jaw and down her throat. Just as I was beginning to leave open, wet kisses along her cleavage, I felt my pants come lose. I helped her slide them down my hips, but I got distracted by her glorious tits. Her tank top had pulled down as we struggled with my jeans, and her left nipple was now peeking out. I captured it in my lips and sucked on the hardened nub. Bella moaned out my name in response which was my new favorite sound. Her top came off quickly after that and I had to take a moment to appreciate my first unobstructed view of her breasts. I traced my fingers lightly over the subtle tattoo under her right breast. I wanted to ask her about it, but now wasn't the time. "Edward," she whined, letting me know how impatient she was getting. I smirked at the sound and whipped my t-shirt off and tossing it across the room before pulling my pants and boxers the rest of the way off. I reached down and slid her little shorts off slowly. I wanted to savor her; I'd waited so long. "Baby, you are so fucking gorgeous." I said, leaning down and kissing her navel. "Do you have any idea how fucking sexy you are?" Instead of answering me she moaned loudly as my fingers slid down to tease her dripping wet lower lips. I let my tongue travel along her navel and down to the top of her bare pussy. She smelled amazing, sweet and musky. I couldn't wait any longer. My tongue plunged into her wet heat and I was lost. I was dimly aware of Bella's hands gripping my hair and pulling me against her. I sucked and licked her swollen clit as she writhed beneath me. I slipped my arm beneath her and lifted her hips to give me better access. My fingers slid into her and I began to thrust them in sync with my mouth on her clit. Her moans got louder and felt her inner walls begin to quiver around my fingers. Adding a third finger I bit down slightly on her swollen clit causing Bella to clutch my head against her as she came hard around my fingers. Continuing to lick and suck gently, I let her ride out her orgasm. I slid my fingers out of her and licked them clean. Bella watched me with hooded eyes. She seemed dazed as she watched my movements. Gripping my arm she guided me back up her body attacking my lips with a searing kiss. Her hand gripped firmly around my cock. The suddenness of her move caught me off guard and I bucked into her fisted hand. "Fuck baby," I cried as she pumped me with languid strokes. "I need you inside me now," she stated with conviction. I could only nod and groan in response as she continued to work my cock with her hand. "Condom?" I asked. I really didn't want to run down the hall to my room right now, but I somehow doubted she kept any in her room. "I'm covered and clean…" she said simply. It took me a moment to realize what she was offering. "I'm clean. I promise." I said. "Baby are you sure? I can grab one from down the hall." "I'm sure. I want to feel you inside me. Only you." God I loved this girl. She owned me. I wanted to tell her, but that was scary as fuck and I wasn't sure I could handle her rejection if it freaked her out. Instead I opted to show her.