BPOV I sank down onto the barstool with a heavy sigh. Pulling my phone out of my pocket I frowned down at the display. Forty-five minutes-I'd only made it forty-five minutes before offering up a lame excuse and escaping. And now here I was, hiding in a dark corner of the bar wondering how long I could stay before anyone started to worry. Pathetic really. I shrugged out of my coat, grabbed my stuff from my bag, and started organizing my books on the bar in front of me. I might as well get some work done while I was being a loser coward. "Hey Swan!" I heard from the other end of the bar, "I didn't know you were back in town." I tried to keep my expression neutral as I looked up at the overly friendly bartender approaching me. "Hey Newton. I just got back today." Ugh. I was pretty sure I was unsuccessful in my efforts to keep the annoyance out of my voice. But Mike didn't seem to notice, his face was eager as ever. "Lookin' good 'Little Swan.'" His tongue slid across his lower lip as he unabashedly ogled my chest. Gross! "Can I get you a drink or do you want to look at a menu?" He was still eyeing my tits. What a tool. I shook my head and waved him off as he tried to hand me a menu. "Uh, I'll just have whatever IPA you have on tap and the mushroom bacon burger medium rare, please." I knew it was futile to try, but I made every effort to keep the interaction as brief as possible. "Sure thing!" God, he was eager. "How long are you in town for? Maybe we can hang out," he said with a confident smirk. Why couldn't this guy take a hint? I'd stopped trying to spare his feelings a few years ago. Early on I'd stupidly thought he was a nice guy and he would get over his little crush on me if I didn't encourage him. It took me a while to figure out his interest was purely superficial. Before that I'd always felt sorry for him. He really just wanted to get into my pants and my lack of interest only seemed to make him more persistent. So it had become increasingly difficult to be civil to him. Plus, I fucking hated men who played the "nice guy" angle. Manipulative, entitled douches - the lot of them. "Um…yeah, maybe. I'm around for about a week." I answered as vaguely as possible. "Cool. I'll go put your order in." He started backing away from me, "I'm really glad I ran into you!" "Oh and Mike," I called before he could turn away. "Hmmm?" "You didn't see me here tonight, okay?" He looked back at me in confusion. "What? Why?" "Just, I'm not here, ok? Don't tell anyone you saw me here. Especially not my family, okay?" Understanding lit in his eyes, "Oh, I'm keeping your secrets for you now, am I Swan?" His smug expression was unbearable as he started to stride back toward me. "What are you gonna do for me in return?" Ick, now he was trying to coerce his way into my pants? WTF?! My expression must have turned deadly because Mike paled in response. "Seriously, Newton? I will chronical all of your failed attempts at seduction over the last five years in great, humiliating detail and post it on tumblr for all of your friends to see. Including your little desperate episode at First beach senior year," I watched with some satisfaction as he swallowed and paled further, "You really want to push this? Just put my order in and leave me the fuck alone. I'm really not in the mood for this shit tonight." I didn't wait for a response. I just looked down at my well-worn notebook and started back into my work. I was pretty sure I heard him mutter "crazy bitch" under his breath, but I really couldn't be bothered responding. Maybe he'd leave me alone for good - doubtful though; he's never been the brightest bulb. I heard someone chuckling quietly next to me. I turned my head to find a man I hadn't noticed before sitting to my right. I would have been embarrassed if I wasn't still so pissed at Mike. "Something funny?" I questioned coolly. My residual anger sharpening my tone. He looked at me fully now. His green eyes crinkling at the edges as he continued to laugh. My irritated expression seemed to smother his laughter which settled down into a lopsided grin. "Sorry, sorry. That just…really wasn't how I was expecting that interaction to end." "Well, I'm so glad my discomfort and annoyance are so entertaining to you." I snapped and instantly regretted it. I closed my eyes tightly and took a couple of calming breaths before continuing. "Look, I'm sorry. Contrary to recent evidence, I'm not usually a heinous bitch." I looked over and was relieved to see him still chuckling. "It's okay," he said after sipping his beer. "That wasn't really the impression I got. Mike seems to be pretty persistent from what I've observed. It was fun watching someone cut his game down so efficiently. Sadly, I don't think it happens much around here." I stared at him trying to figure him out a bit. He was handsome, definitely a bit older than me, but strikingly attractive none the less. I don't really do the whole picking up guys in bars thing ever (been there-done that. So not for me.) For some reason the green eyes before me held me captive; I couldn't seem to pull my eyes away. I was still caught in his gaze when I heard one of my favorite people exclaim, "Hey Sweetie! I didn't know you were in town already!" I looked up to see an excited Angela placing a beer in front of me on the bar. "Hi Ange! It's so good to see you!" I stood up on the rungs of the stool and gave my friend an awkward hug over the bar. "What? Mike was too afraid to bring this himself? Wuss!" Ange laughed as she pulled away, "Yeah he suddenly needed to take a break. What did you do to him? He looked like he was gonna puke when he headed out back." "Just a little blackmail, that's all," I said with a smug grin. Angela raised an eyebrow in question. "Senior year. First Beach." I answered her unspoken question. The snort of laughter that erupted from her had me laughing with her instantly. She was leaning her elbow on the bar doubled over laughing. Her other hand rubbing her round belly. "Oh my God! Look at you Ange! You look amazing!" I said once I'd calmed my hysterics a bit. "When are you due? February?" I couldn't believe Ange was going to be a mom. She was truly glowing, happiness seemed to beam out of her. "Yup. February 10th." She smiled contentedly, "I can't wait. Baby Chaney is already huge! I can't believe he's going to keep growing for another month and a half before he gets here! How is it possible for a man of such small stature to impregnate me with such a giant!" "Well are you sure it's hi-" I started, but was interrupted by a napkin in the face. "Shut it Swan! Don't you dare finish that sentence!" she said in mock anger. It was so much fun to mess with Ange. She was so easy to set off. "What! I was just going to say-" "I know exactly what you were going to say and you need to be careful of the rumors you start in this town. You've been away too long. You don't remember what the small town gossip mill is like." "Sorry, sorry. It's been three years. I forgot how small Forks is and how easy it is to start shit here." "Alright smart-girl. I've gotta get back to work. Are you going to be here a while?" I just nodded as I sipped my beer. "Great. I'll be by in a bit with your dinner. And don't worry, I won't let Mike anywhere near it." She winked at me as she walked away. Her eyes lit with curiosity and darted to my right briefly as she left. Huh. I followed her gaze and found the man seated next to me staring intently. My eyebrow raised in question. He seemed to suddenly become aware of himself and his mouth pulled up into a crooked grin. "Hi, I'm Edward Cullen." He said, leaning toward me a bit with his hand extended. "Bella Swan." I said taking his hand in mine. His warm, calloused hand enveloped my own. I wanted to ignore the strange energy I felt when we touched, but I saw in his eyes that he felt it too. I pulled my hand away, quickly snagging up my beer and taking a rather large gulp. I wasn't sure what else to say to this gorgeous man next to me, but he had me flustered with just a handshake. I was just about to turn back to my work when he said, "So where do you live when you're not visiting the soggy town of Forks?" "Um, Cambridge." "Massachusetts or England?" "Massachusetts." "Oh, what do you do there? Are you in school?" he pointed down to the books scattered on the bar in front of me. "Uh yeah. I'm working on my doctorate. I have about a year and a half left if things go well." Why was I telling him all this? I hate talking about myself with strangers. I make it a point to avoid this kind of getting to know you crap whenever possible. It's one of the many reasons I don't date. "That's cool. What school are you at? My sister lives out there. She's at Harvard." There was a soft pride that crept into his voice when he spoke of his sister. I couldn't help the small smile that spread on my face in response. "I'm just down the street at M.I.T." "Wow. Smart girl indeed." He said quietly. "What are you studying there?" "Alright I think that must be twenty questions at least. I think it's my turn." I was done talking about myself. I really didn't want to sit around and watch this guy pretend to be interested in my work. "How long have you lived here? I don't think I've ever seen you around town before. Or are you just visiting too?" "Ok. Fair enough." He laughed. "I've lived here for seven years." "Hmm. And what do you do here exactly?" I mean it's not exactly the hub of any major industries. Most people who live here are from here. Not many people move here. "I'm a musician." He said simply. "And you make a living on that? In Forks?" "Yes." He said simply. "Wow. You must be incredibly talented. People here won't bother to drive twenty minutes to see the latest action flick. I can't see them paying to see live music." I said incredulously. "Oh, I don't play live music anymore. I compose music on commission." "Like for movies or commercials or something?" "Yeah. Mostly for movies, but I don't work too much these days. I don't really need too." "Bad boys" started playing from my phone, "Excuse me, I have to take this." I said quickly before answering. No way to avoid this any longer. "Hey Charlie." I sighed into the phone. This conversation was going to suck. EPOV God this woman was beautiful. Bella. Beautiful Bella. And smart, funny and full of fire. And young! God, she couldn't be older than her mid-twenties. Which made me an old creep. But I can't remember the last time I noticed a woman at all, much less liked one like this. And Bella was impossible to miss. She had plopped down