A filthy blonde girl with wide gray eyes, stares back at me. She has pale skin, with a hint of a tan. Her clothes are in tatters, a light leather brown coat that seemed once expensive with its patches of clumped black fur on the collar, was now ruined with stains and rips all over. That girl was me. I stare at the reflection a little bit longer, before kneeling down, filling my half-gallon plastic bottle, with the lake water. I wasn't able to look anymore at my reflection, as the ripples start on the flat surfaced liquid. I put a drop of iodine, to disinfect the water, as I place the bottle back into my green duffel bag. Even if I have a water filter at home, I often got thirsty as I look for some game, something to satisfy my needs to eat. My needs for survival. I slung the bag over my shoulder, as I start hiking west of the lake. West of the lake, was a small log cabin, nestled deep in the pure green forest of a mountain. I travel uphill, puffing from the exercise. Even if this was my daily routine, I still wasn't able to get used to the burning in my legs, arms, anywhere in my body. I get an abundance of splinters each day, from climbing the trees, just to search if there's anything nearby. I let myself just blank out, as the rhythm of my feet crunching the dead leaves soothe me. Soothe me from the tremendous stress I experience each day. The overwhelming fear, that maybe I won't make it today. Before I know it, I was standing in front of my current home. A log cabin. It was decently sized, and was great shelter. It didn't have any broken windows, but it did need a few repairs on the roof, although I still have no idea on how to get up there, without a ladder. Nate and I stumbled upon this log cabin, when we were hiding out here. It was pure luck. The cabin has now plants growing wild around it, and many trees around it. There's nothing much outside of log cabin, except for the tree stump that I use to chop wood on, and the axe that's on top of the stump. "Shannon!" A young high-pitched boyish voice yells joyously from inside of the cabin. It's obvious that he missed me, even if I was gone for about seven hours or so. In my personal opinion, it wasn't that long. I open the door, glaring at my seven-year-old brother, with his tousled brown hair and sparkling green eyes that scream innocence. He looks nothing like me, and it stung a bit. He was the only family I have left. I want someone, someone who was related to me, to look at least a bit like me. He looks like the exact replica of our father..Which often brought painfully blissful memories to me. "Shhh," I hiss, always wary of the predators out there,"Do you want the Faers to catch us?" The Faers were these monsters, who came about a year or so ago. Whoever the dark blobs had physical contact with, would make the poor victim disappear. I was guessing that their fate was immediate death. After that, what was left of humanity split into two. The LoneHood ones, went cannibalistic, and often wore the teeth of their prey as accessories. I was a Daoir. Daoirs were people who just tried to live peacefully. There's really no identification for our group. I don't think there are any Daiors left, except for me and Nate. "Noooooo," Nate whispers back, "It's not like they're going to hear us here!" I sigh, immediately giving up on lecturing him, about being quiet. I placed the duffel bag on the carpeted floor, taking off my shoes, the supple leather that had molded onto my feet over time. "When are we going to move? I hate it here," Nate asks, peering at me, as if I knew all the answers. I was supposed to, since I was in charge and the older one. I was the boss. "Nate, truthfully, I don't know," I say glumly, putting my hair up in a ponytail with a elastic band. I only have a few left, and I hope they won't ever break. The log cabin was the nicest place we had ever took shelter to, and Nate still wasn't satisfied, and it always dissatisfies me when he doesn't even bother to say thank you, for even trying to support us. I walk into the kitchen, taking the duffel bag with me. I place the duffel bag onto the smooth wooden counter top. The kitchen has high ceilings, and has a eerie feeling to it. The thing that overall made the house seemingly haunted was the black and white photographs, and the old furniture that has a few red stains. Maybe it was ketchup. I zip open the duffel bag, taking out the water to give our German Shepherd who often was cooped up, upstairs, in the small bathroom. Defby prefers water from the lake than the water from the stone well that was settled right next to this house. Secretly, I also like the water from the lake, and often sipped a gulp or two before pouring a bowl for the dog. I decide to take it upstairs later on. "What are we having for dinner tonight, Shannon?" Nate asks eagerly, as he had followed me to the kitchen. I place a few edible plants on the table and a squirrel that I had managed to find, and shoot with my bow and arrows. I have quite a terrible aim, but I got lucky this time. My father took me to archery lessons a few times, before..well..the Faers. I start to clean the squirrel, finding it absolutely repulsive. I notice teeth marks on the squirrel, but I shrug it off, as I finish. I start chopping up the plants. "Stew with squirrel," I flatly say, as I stride over to the wooden cabinets, opening them. No wood. I groan in frustration, as I didn't feel like going outside again, with the rusty axe, having to chop it and do around thirty minutes of work. I peek out the window, as I button up my jacket. The zip had gotten jammed, weeks ago, so I resort into buttoning it up, to at least to keep me warm still. The log cabin was still cold, even if it was spring. It was only a few degrees warmer in here. It was dark out. And in the darkness, from experience there's always something lurking, something evil. Dad had taught me how to survive out in the wild. He was afraid, that one day, there will be some type of zombies out to get us or something. He resorted into teaching Nate and I, how to identify edible plants, and how to balance the food groups. "I wish Dad was here," Nate quietly says. Somehow, this hurt my feelings. Haven't I done everything, to make sure Nate was happy? I was the one who provided food, found shelter, and managed to find shelter. And Defby! I had to hunt for a useless dog, that doesn't provide. The dog itself dead would have been more useful, since then we'd be able to survive on the meat itself for about a week. It seems that Nate was just trying to tell me, that I'll never be as useful as Dad. "I wish Dad was here too, Nate," I reply, feeling tears prick my eyes, although I tell myself to suck it up, as I pull my gray beanie hat onto my head. "How about, tomorrow, we'll hike to the nearest town, and have some fun?" I suggest, full-clothed. I know it's dangerous to go into town, but the one I had explored a few weeks ago, seemed as if there was nothing there. I still have the bow and arrows and the axe, so I'd be able to fend off nearly anything. "Really?!" Nate filled with excitement hugs my waist, and I found myself smiling. "Yes, really," I say, as I twisted the doorknob open, peeking out the door. Nothing was lurking out there, to my relief. "Well we only have a stick," Nate let go of me, his face etched with happiness. "Play with Defby or something, I'll be back in about thirty or so minutes. Don't go outside," I tell him, as I emerge outside of the house. I kneel down, and tie my boots. "And don't forget to give her the water. I think it's purified by now," I tell him, taking a black backpack that was his, and was often placed outside so I would be able to put the wood in there and the axe, before I left. I walk through the endless supply of trees, which was dotted with green. Even if it was close to summer, it was still cold up here in the mountain. I was about a half a mile or so away from the house, a little bit of firewood filled up in Nate's pack, until I heard a scream. It was a child's scream, and unmistakably Nate's. There was no one else capable of making such a scream, as I felt myself paling. I threw the bag off me, as I start running towards the house, not able to help myself even if this may have been a trap of the LoneHood ones or that the Faers had finally found us. "Shannon!" Nate screams again, as I was in view with the house again. "Nate!" I shout back, as I saw Nate outside the house with two dark figures surrounding him. That was the last time I said his name before he disappears into thin air. One of the two Faers dies before it had been able to do anything, as I threw my axe at it. Blind with fear, I can't help but feel relentless anger. My only friend. My family. My companion was gone. I may as well be gone, weaponless. I start to turn the other way, running the opposite direction from the Faer. I wasn't fast enough, as I look over my shoulder, seeing it was about to touch my shoulder. It did. And all started turning black, as I felt a tear streak down my cheek. I'm dead now, was my last thought, before I gave into the darkness. Chapter 2 "She looks like nothing," I hear a voice say. "That's how you looked when you first came here!" A feminine voice argues back. I let me eyes stay shut, shocked that I was still alive. Was I in a coma? Were the Faers all just part of my imagination? Or is this the afterlife? "She's awake!" A third voice hisses to the others. "How do you know, Freak-o?" The first voice that I had heard since I was awake, snap. "Her breathing changed, stupid," It was clear the two things, whatever they were, maybe people, strongly dislike each other. Since they know I'm awkae, I decide to just open my eyes. I estimate about ten faces staring at me. They were people. Like me. Definitely the afterlife. But...where was Dad? "Am I dead?" I ask bluntly, completely bewildered by this. "No. You are in the Choosing Room. The Choosing Room is where the leaders of each faction, decide if they want to invite you, or decide to make you factionless and then you're..well...screwed," A small dark-skinned girl with chocolate-brown eyes, explains to me. "Where are the Faers?" I feel stupid asking all these questions, but I need to know if this was just a figment of my imagination or not. "Them? They do whatever they want. We're just their entertainment," the girl says. I need to remember something, but I just can't remember it. It was nagging me. I focus on the white walls.