I peer into the sunset. The final five, huh? How'd I make it this far? That was rhetorical, I'm smart, knowledgeable of the wilderness and I can pass unseen should I need to. Not that it's easy with red hair. Well... red hair that blends perfectly into this sunset. Anyways, the rule about two tributes being allowed to win. Ever since that buff black guy from eleven and that archer girl from twelve fell in love, (the perfect scandal seeing as the archer girl was also in love with the guy from her district) a special rule was made to allow two tributes from separate districts to win. Now, I don't see myself overpowering or killing any of my opponents, seeing as the archer girl is really good and the buff black dude is absolutely amazing at hand-to-hand. I watched him take down a Career with one good punch to the nose. So, when I look down, I'm even more surprised to see him at the Cornucopia, locked in fight with two others... One's a career - Cato - I think his name is. The other makes me lose my grip and almost fall to my death. Messy, dull-brown hair, matted with blood, a sprinkling of a mustache and goatee. His eyes sparkle green as the sun goes down... XXXX I sprint as fast as I can, right at a bag on the outskirts of the Cornucopia. I snatch it up in one hand, skidding to a halt and beginning to pump my legs again in a different direction. The clang of steel from the golden horn oblivious to my presence. I disappear across the carnage into the woods. No one can get me no- Oomf! I stumble and fall. Regaining my footing quickly, I freeze at the sight of an arrow aimed right at my heart. The archer girl wields a bow, the arrow loaded, her hands shaking and her eyes uncertain. I can't move. If I do, I die. If she looses her arrow, I die. There's a timer with light and sirens blaring in my head. That girl good with knives, if she sees us, we're dead. I bite my lip. I'm done for now. Anyways, wasn't this what I volunteered for? I close my eyes, awaiting my fate. I hear the string loose and the arrow sailing through the air towards me. This is the end, where I die. This is what I want, isn't it? No. It's what I wanted. I know now, the value of human life. At least I can die knowing that I've found something in this hellhole. Bring it on, suckers... The blow never comes. A gust of air too small to be wind, brushes past me. So does the smell of sweat and blood. A thump and I'm thrown backwards by a body crashing into mine. I fall to he ground, the body gone. I open my eyes as I impact the leaf coated ground with a crunch. A tall, slim figure stands in front of me. He rips and arrow from his arm and brandishes a knife. At the same time the archer girl ducks behind a tree and a fresh arrow is in place. She lets it fly. It hits him square in the chest, but deflects off of a rib and I can see the blood spray into the air. The figure glances over his shoulder and shouts for me to run, his green eyes filled with desperation. I scramble up and disappear into the trees after nicking a knife from between his legs on the forest floor. I take one look back and see the cute guy fighting tooth and nail to seperate himself from the archer. I suddenly feel guilty and want to return the knife. But under these circumstances, impossible. But to think he wanted to save me? What the hell? I sigh and shove the thought out of my head, I need to find food and water. I don't care what's in this pack I picked up, whatever's in here won't last a few weeks. But for some reason, I can't push that boy out of my head... XXXX I snap out of my reverie and focus back on the fight. It's almost moved around the side of the Cournocopia that I can't see. I quickly, but carefully, leap from tree to tree, moving around the rim of the curved treeline. There. I can observe the fight from here. The buff black guy takes a swing with a sickle, barely missing the boy who saved my life. He slips and falls to the ground, rolling out of the way of a powerful stamp that may have crushed his head. He picks himself up and dodges two simultaneous attacks, then lashes out at the career. He's bold, I'll give him that. The hit connects with a sickening crack and blood gushes out of the career's nose. It's obviously broken. The boy rolls foward and barely clears an arrow. I see that the archer has at least hidden in the bushes to pick people off. I begin to move. I have a plan. XXXX I throw the stone with all my might. Just as desired, it thumps into a bush on the other side of the pyramid of supplies. perfect. My heart is battering the inside of my chest right now and I take off as soon as the boy from Third looks the other way. I approach the layout. The mines are placed roughly a foot apart, indicated by small sprinkles of dirt. I hop on one foot to the other, dancing my way around the high-explosives. If i slip... -OH SHIT! I squeal girlishly as I stumble and drag my foot across the ground. I throw my hands out to stop my fall. Explosive hell, here I come... but there's no deafening boom, no pillar of fire and shrapnel to tear me apart. I breathe heavily. I hear someone crouch down beside me, likely the boy from Third. I sigh. "You've got me... Kill me." I close my eyes. I'm not crying. No. This isn't called crying, it's called tears of stress. There's no bite of a blade, or arrow, or snap of the neck. There's just a kind voice and gentle touch. I'm hoisted onto my feet, onto the band inside the ring of mines so that the careers can pick what they want. A small bag of fruit, some jerky and a canteen are shoved into my hands. He spins me round and shoves some things into my pack. "Five drops of iodine per quart, but ten if it's cloudy water. Shake it up and wait an hour. This small bottle should hold enough for a week or two if you go light. There's matches, heaps of food and other stuff. Good luck, and may the odds ever be in your favor, little Fox. Now go, before the Careers come back." He pushes me slightly. I turn to look at him, the same green eyes as before. He's more roughed up, cuts on his face and arms. There's blood on the collar of his white undershirt. His dull brown hair is messy and hangs down in slight curls at the ends. "Thank you..." I manage to choke out. I leave carefully, disappearing into the woods. When I look back, he's arranging a bag of apples. Strange. He leaves, not without a small pack of tightly arranged things. I silently thank him again before putting as much distance between me and the pyramid as possible. But I still can't keep him out of my head... XXXX I make my way down the tree, so I'm hanging three feet above the archer girl. She doesn't notice the red demon above her. I never thought I'd be able to kill, but now I have a debt to pay, and this girl nearly took my life two weeks ago. I draw my knife and stick it between my teeth so that I can slip my pack off and hang it on a low branch. The metal slings will create too much noise and I'd be dead before my brain registered the archer's arrow in my gut. Oh well, if that happens, let it. I can't do anything about it, can I? Hmph. I didn't think so. The boy who saved my life catches my eye and even shoots me a smile before getting socked in the face by the buff black guy. By now the Career's back on his feet, angrier than ever. He stomps the boy, making him bleed from the mouth a little. He lunges with a knife, I feel my breath catching and I almost squeak when the knife enters his body. The boy twists away and throws his foot firmly into the crotch of the career. He rolls out of the way and splutters as he quickly removes the knife from his back. I sigh mentally when he turns and I can see the failed entry wound. "Last arrow, Katniss, make it count..." I hear muttered from the archer girl. I watch as she takes aim, for the boy who saved my life. I can't move. I find myself unable to as my eyes follow the arrow that sails towards the cute boy, the one who looks the most manly and has acted so in the last two weeks. The arrow meets flesh. Cato, the Career boy screams. A knife and an arrow just pierced his skin at the same time. I watch the crimson beads flow from the open wound, sapping the life from him. The boy withdraws the knife, slits the Career's throat to be sure, and turns his attention to the black guy. The cannon sounds. Holding the knife with one hand, the sun setting behind the two, he sags from exhaustion and his injuries. He throws slash after slash and stab after stab. None of them hit. The black guy almost gets his throat with the sickle. The boy drops his arms and straightens up. He stops moving and breathes heavily. Then begins the dance. A complicated tango of hits and misses. A cha-cha of cuts and kicks. For five full minutes they carry on, drawing blood and never taking a lethal hit. They batter their bodies for their lives. In the dim light of the sun disappearing over the horizon, I can see how pale he is. His skin used to be rich and golden, but now, it's paler than mine. I feel scared for him, the boy. My attention turns to the archer, as she mumbles her suspense and draws a long, eight-inch blade. My jaw drops. The knife in my mouth almost falls. I catch it with a quick hand. I clamber down as the archer stalks the battlefield. I fiddle the small blade in my hand. I can do it. I owe him as much. I creep up behind he archer, but she's quicker. I lunge, but she parries with her eight-inch. I lunge again. Miss. Archer girl flicks her braid over her back, smiling sickly. XXXX I squat silently, my heels on the floor. I find it's a more comfortable alternative to sitting on the damp floor. I have stalked them for miles. The blond boy pick some blueberries, piling them on a small tarpaulin. They must be safe to eat. I wait till his head turns in pursuit of a bird, then snatch some berries and some cheese from the pile. It's not much, but I'm famished. The end must be near now. There's six of us left, I believe. With a small amount of cream cheese smeared on top, I lift the berries to my lips. I chew for a moment, then swallow. Suddenly powerful arms are around me, squeezing. I want to scream. But I don't want to alert anyone. The arms squeeze me again, I feel my stomach squirming. I want to vomit. I do. In a glob