Late Nights: Chapter 1. Nancy Bobofit. Percy gasps as his hot, fat cock slides right into Nancy's slicked, dripping cunt. His balls sway back and forth as Nancy cries out in pure ecstasy. Each thrust rocks the bed forward and makes Nancy beg for more of Percy's meat to be shoved into her. "Yeah, that's fucking right Perseus Jackson! You fucking take your prize, take your reward from me, you sexy beast… Jesus, fuck! Ohmigod, your cock is amazing, it's stretching out all of my walls! Babe, don't stop… I'm gonna fucking cum, you ready baby? You ready for me to squirt hot, wet blasts of girl cum all over your thick dick?" Percy grits his teeth and looks down at the foul-mouthed bitch taking his cock underneath him in her favourite position, good old-fashioned missionary. He pulls out slowly making Nancy cry out in joy and lies down on top of her, taking her from above. Nancy looks back up him, lust in her eyes as she wraps both arms tenderly around his toned, muscly neck and whimpers for him to enter her again. "Babe, you know I love hot thick meat shoved into my tight snatch… Fuck, give me more of that amazing cock of yours." Instead of responding, Percy bends down and kisses her on the lips as their eyes close. He aligns his red head with her wet honeypot and forces his way in again, moving back and forward with such intensity that Nancy finds herself exploding in a matter of seconds. More fluids leak out of her tiny pussy and soak the bed sheets once again. The smell of cum, sweat and their bodies mingle in the air as Nancy pants like an animal, savouring that musk which comes from their intense love-making. Her hips move at the same time as his own and they meet in the middle, sending waves of pleasure rippling throughout each other and their bodies whilst her cheeks jiggle slightly with each thrust. Percy uses both of his hands to softly wrap around her ass and knead them like dough, slowly but sensually. Nancy begins to feel her tight pussy going even tighter and squashing Percy's 10-inch cock like a vice grip. Percy takes this sign that Nancy's going to cum again and begins to thrust even faster than before until they're smashing their bodies against one another, trying to cum simultaneously and share bodily fluids with one another. Whilst their lower body is going to work, Percy leans in and lovingly gives Nancy kisses along her lip. She slowly parts her thick, red plump lips and lets Percy's tongue enter into the cavern that is her mouth. Exploring the cave that is Nancy's mouth, Percy finds spit all over her tongue and is quick to slurp it into his own mouth, trading oral fluids. It tastes amazing, that warm saliva… Nancy finds herself lost in a state of pure bliss with her boyfriend fucking her brains out, her hands furiously rubbing against her clit trying to relieve that tight sensation within her slippery pussy. One hand had snaked around Percy's neck, pulling him closer to have more fun with his mouth whilst the other had managed to slide down their sweaty bodies and found itself sliding in and out of her orifice. Her thin, lanky fingers found it so easy to just enter her asshole thanks to the lubricant that was her own cum. She managed to get some dripping all over her fingers and brought it up to where they were kissing. Then, she broke off the kiss and sensually licked it off her fingers as if it was ice cream. Being the thoughtful girl that she was, she brought her hand down, scooped up some more pussy juice and offered it to Percy. He eagerly opened his mouth and let Rachel slide in 2 fingers, as he sucked and slurped all around her digits. The sweet, clear fluids filled his mouth with this wonderful taste of Nancy Bobofit's body. As Nancy fed him her cum, Percy found the sheets had gotten sticky and soaked. But of course, he didn't give a single shit. All he cared about was the bitch under him taking his cock. The sounds of flesh slapping against flesh filled the room and Percy found his arousal only growing at this. He fucked her harder, ravaging her insides to the point where no mortal would be able to keep up with his pace. At this point, his cock was throbbing and twitching beyond anything he had ever felt. Any slight movement would cause the most amazing of sensations and he growled softly to indicate his nearing of release. Nancy realised his obvious tension in his cock and soothingly kissed him on the lips, bringing him closer and whispering softly in his ear, "Do it, baby. Just fucking empty those heavy, sweaty, manly balls right into my warm cunt. You can paint my walls white and I'll clean up anything you spill with my wet tongue, okay?" Percy doesn't respond, but only grunts and exhales very loudly when sticky cum erupts from his cock like a volcano. It shoots out like a gun inside of Rachel and she can feel the semen easily going past her cervix, straight into her fertile womb. Their backs arch together as Percy finally releases every pent-up sperm within his testicles. He can feel it throbbing and straining as Nancy's tight pussy only makes the orgasm feel even more incredible. For roughly 10 seconds of pure bliss, they stay like that. Percy on top of Nancy and Nancy writhing and squirming underneath him, pinned down by his rough grip. Finally, Percy pulls out of the tight hole, finished with his fuck toy. Nancy's pussy has a visible gape in it by now which lets white, thick globs of cum ooze out slowly. As per her promise, she gets one hand to scoop it all up and like with her own cum, licks it all off sensually. Its saltiness erupts in her mouth and makes her sigh in ecstasy at the brilliant taste. She could fucking live off this, it was so addicting. 10 minutes pass of the two lying on cum-soaked and sweat-stained bedsheets. Nancy's pillow and blankets are covered in sperm or Nancy's cum which makes the whole room stink of sex. There is white cum all over her walls and even in her ensuite bathroom. Luckily, she has at least 5 days to clean all of that off. And also, if she has her way, she'll be licking it all off the surface. She loves doing that. It reminds her of Percy. Softly, she rolls over and cuddles with her amazing lover whilst Percy stares at the ceiling, still a bit mind-numbed from exactly what just happened. Their breathing synchronises and Nancy's head rises with every rise and fall of Percy's toned, muscled chest. Her firm, sexy globes of flesh squish against his abs and Percy snakes an arm around her shoulder, bringing her closer. "Babe… You were fucking incredible." Her voice trails off towards the end of that sentence as she finds herself slowly, but surely, losing consciousness. Eventually her mind is deep into the realm of Morpheus. Percy plays with her hair, twirling it softly into strings of ginger hair and begins to stroke his lover's shoulder. Whilst Nancy is dreaming softly of Percy's hard cock ravaging her insides once again, Percy finds himself wandering down memory lane to about a week prior to today's incredible fuck session. -x- " Oh, fuck, shit. Not this bitch again." Percy mumbles underneath his breath as Nancy struts her stuff around the school, trying to flirt with boys and vying for attention. She may have toned down his bullying because Percy was much better looking by now compared to middle school, but she still managed to piss him off whenever he looked in her general direction. Eventually, the bell rang for class and Nancy's red locks disappeared around the corner of the hallway into 4 th period. Unluckily for Percy, that happened to be the one class where she happened to sit next to him. Needless to say, Nancy's eyes darted all over Percy's toned chest and she was quick to bat her eyelashes or flutter her eyelids whenever she realised Percy was staring at her. And, why wouldn't he? Gorgeous red locks, D tits that you could fucking use as pillows, an ass that no man could resist, curves like an hourglass… Percy would be lying if he said he hadn't jerked off to the thought of sliding his cock in between those tits a few times. Or shoving his cock down her tight throat… Or exploring her tight asshole… " Mr. Jackson. Mr. Jackson? What are you doing? The whiteboard is this way. Do I need to arrange for an appointment at Specsavers?" A chuckle rippled throughout the room as Percy politely smiled towards the teacher and offered a somewhat casual, "Sorry, Mr. Wakely." Whilst internally raging and thinking nothing more about ripping off Nancy's head for distracting him. Well, it had been him who was staring at her figure… But fuck it, pin the blame on the whore. After the period had ended, Percy slowly stood up and watched as the classroom emptied out rather quickly. He did however, manage to catch snippets of conversation and what not that went his way as he walked past people in the corridor. " Yo, you know that Nancy bitch in my History class? Her ass is fucking fine! Dude, I'd fucking pay anything to get a piece of that shit." A tall, stereotypical jock murmurs to the 3 others who had assembled around him. " Naw, if you wanted a piece of her tail, you shoulda' joined the basketball team like I told you, Joe! She fucking sucked off all of us in the locker room after last week's game. She is the only bitch I know who has taken on 8 cocks at once who is still in high school. Best fucking blowjob of my life, too!" After the high fives had been dispensed and they finished their ritual of bragging and sharing stories, Percy realised that he was now on lunch break. Hmm… Where to go? Maybe the café on the corner? It's cheap and close. Considering Percy's somewhat tight budget, he quickly made his way out of campus and into the local café, Sweet Mornings. Ordering an Iced Coffee to go and a scone, he decided to head towards the bathroom whilst waiting for his order. After relieving himself in one of the stalls, he zipped up his pants and looked down at the ground. But he noticed something out of the corner of his eye. In the wall, in the side of his stall was a hole. Leading into the room next over. Probably like a janitor's closet or something. He looked through the hole, but all he could see was blackness. Obviously, it must've been dark in there. However just as he was about to look away, the light turned on in that room and he heard something from the other side. " Fucking hell, gotta clean up all of this cum." What? Cum? So… Bodily fluids combined with a hole in the wall… A secret room… In a public restroom… It's a fucking gloryhole. Of course, why wouldn't there be? Despite his confusion, he found that his cock was ready and rearing to go at the idea of a random person behind this wall, blowing his load into someone's throat or ass. When you put it like that… It sounds fucking tempting. Alright, I've got like 10 minutes until my order is ready anyway. He unzips his pants and sticks his erect cock into the hole, sliding it through. He pins his ear up against the cold wall, trying to see if he can hear anything. "Holy shit, that's so big! Fuck,