A/n: Hello, everyone. First I'd like to point out the usual: all content and characters were created by, and are owned by Stephenie Meyer. I simply write for fun and do not make any money with it. And second, this is my first story. I hope many of you read it and enjoy it ^^ Important: the story picks up towards the end of 'Twilight', and explores what could have happened if Bella had not been saved and she had actually turned into a vampire by James's venom. I start at chapter 23 and then steadily start my own version. Chapter 23. The Angel As I drifted, I dreamed. Where I floated, under the dark water, I heard the happiest sound my mind could conjure up – as beautiful, as uplifting, as it was ghastly. It was another snarl; a deeper, wilder roar that rang with fury. I was brought back, almost to the surface, by a sharp pain slashing my upraised hand, but I couldn't find my way back far enough to open my eyes. And then I knew I was dead. Because through the heavy water, I heard the sound of an angel calling my name, calling me to the only heaven I wanted. "Oh no, Bella, no!" the angel's voice cried in horror. But then the longed-for sound was cut off abruptly by a vicious growl, resonating all the way to my core. It pulled me a bit closer to the surface, but not enough for me to find my eyes or my mouth. My ears were my only way out of the dark pool; until they heard an awful tumult that my mind shied away from. Wood was shrieking as it was being ripped, more mirror shards shattered to the ground. And there were loud snapping sounds, hisses and growls. I wanted to turn away, turn my back to the violence and creep into myself. Instead I sank deeper again under the surface. But the cool dark water wasn't so cool anymore. There was heat somewhere, fire, burning… It originated from the same place where I'd felt the slashing pain before; it was my hand. It felt like the side of it was being scorched a blowtorch. Then it moved and spread along each of my fingers. The pain was more intense than anything I'd felt before. I wanted to moan, to sob, but I still had no lips. Who was doing this to me? Why? It hurt so much. Why didn't it stop? Not only did it not stop, it continued up my arm, slowly reaching my elbow, then my shoulder, until it split my head open and the pain was finally enough to force me to make a sound. "It's all right, Bella, sweety." Someone responded to my sob. It was only then that I realized I wasn't alone anymore. I tried to concentrate harder; until I could discern two sets of voices conversing in tense whispers. A high soprano and a soothing male one. They were Alice and Carlisle. The tumult from before was gone, I heard nothing but the voices. "She's lost some blood but the head wound isn't deep," Carlisle's calm voice reached me. "Watch out for her leg, it's broken." I felt a sharp stab in my side. Where had my heaven gone? Where was the angel? "Some ribs, too, I think." Carlisle's methodical voice continued. "Hold your breath, Alice, it will help." "But…" Alice started hesitantly. "Her blood, it smells strange." "It's the morphine." Carlisle answered automatically. I heard some shuffling sounds. Usually I could never hear vampires move. Maybe stress made them more clumsy? "No, it's not the same." Alice insisted. "Something's wrong." Anxiety crept into her voice. There was a short pause. "You're right." Carlisle continued, sounding much less calm and assured. "There must be something I missed." He reproached himself. I felt more prodding and searching along my limbs, until Alice's tiny fingers finally found my hand, which had apparently been stuck beneath my body. "Carlisle, her hand!" "He bit her." He sounded appalled. There was a longer pause this time. A silence loaded with tense decision-making. "Can we…?" Alice's voice trailed off. "No, the fact that we can smell it means it has spread too far already." Was he talking about the fire? It had to be. It was the only thing spreading through me. It had reached my second shoulder and was going down my arm. "Edward will –" Alice's voice was barely a whisper now. "I know." "What can we do?" "There's no point in worrying about her other wounds now. I'll make her as comfortable as I can, then we have to get her back to Forks as quickly as possible. Changing on the road is hell; but changing in such a densely populated area is impossible, someone will hear her. We have no choice but to move." Somewhere at that point, the fire reached my heart in an explosion of heat so intense I collapsed into myself and lost all contact with reality. There's a limit to how cold things can get: 0 kelvin, or -273.15 degrees Celsius. At that point, the atoms that make up matter stop moving altogether, and the limit is reached. But heat... that's a whole other story. The core of the sun is around 15.5 million degrees Celsius, and it's not even the hottest star. The temperature of the fire raging through me seemed to have no limit either. It was rising so high I had to have turned to plasma, to stardust; nuclear fusion must have been happening with the carbon atoms that my body contained. Though sometimes, when I felt like my mind was going to disappear, incinerated; slivers of clarity invaded my stellar core. The cosmic oven made room for some earthly reality. I was even aware of some -very remote- coolness enveloping my body. The coolness was quickly lost in the blazing heat, but I felt the temperature difference in some places: against the left side of my body and my left arm. It also circled my waist, and supported my back and rested against my right shoulder. The fire was still in the foreground, taking up most of my attention, but in the background I was aware of vibrations, a low thrum. The sound wasn't new, but I felt it deeper than I remembered. It was the sound of an engine, of Carlisle's black Mercedes to be precise. Then there was another sound, a kind of constant moaning, building up to sobs, to return to moaning again, with sudden fits of screaming. It sounded like someone was in pain. In fact, it sounded like someone was in as much pain as I was. I was worried. Who was it? Who was hurting? It wasn't Edward, was it? Had something happened to him, to Alice? I listened more carefully, trying to push through the blaze that made concentrating hard. It shocked me more than it should when I recognized it as my voice. I wasn't even aware I was making the sound. The shock made me shift my weight. The coolness around me shifted with me. The coolness around my waist and supporting my back, which I now recognized as arms, tightened around me. "I'm here, Bella, I'm here." Edward's voice reassured me. I felt the vibrations of it through the coolness on my left side. I understood then where I was: cradled in his arms against his chest, in the backseat of Carlisle's car. But that was as far as I got. I couldn't think any further. My mind was obstructed. Edward had said my name just a second ago, but I already didn't remember it. I began to lose my grip on my surroundings again, the pain was slowly taking up more room, my voice steadily grew louder, sobbing words I didn't even understand. "I'm sorry, Bella, I'm so sorry." He sounded almost as agonized as I felt. "Carlisle," he spoke away from my ear. "please." I'd never heard him put so much emotion in one word. "He's not going to last very long." Alice's voice explained from my left somewhere. Maybe a few seconds passed, maybe a year. Time felt eternal and distorted. "Edward," Carlisle began, but he was cut off. "No bloody way!" The sound felt like a whip against my left side. An infinitely small part of my mind wondered if I'd ever heard Edward curse. "You saw what Alice saw." Carlisle pleaded. "You'll be no help to Bella if you lose your sanity. There's nothing we can do now but get her to Forks and wait for the conversion to complete. Let Alice take over and run behind the car for a while." "No!" He sounded like a child now, whining because he knew he was wrong, but didn't want to admit it. "She's probably not even aware of who's holding her, if she even knows where she is." Alice interjected. "I can't." His voice was strangled. "I can't let her out of my sight." A particularly piercing scream escaped my lips. It shocked me again. It reminded me of my leg snapping before, in the ballet studio. But I couldn't remember how it had happened. Even Carlisle cursed at this point, and I felt the car swerve, lose speed quickly and come to a stop. "We can't drive any further like this. From here on the area is too densely populated again. People will hear her. We'll attract too much attention." He sighed. "Alice?" "A police car is going to stop us at the next intersection. We can't get through with Bella screaming her lungs out." She responded. "But it isn't our worst problem. Edward is going insane!" Something close to desperation crept into her voice. A low growl/moan reverberated through my left side. The fingers left my right shoulder and pushed my head closer into the coolness, stroking what must be left of my hair. "There's one thing we can—" "No!" Edward interrupted Carlisle again, with more force and determination this time. "It's all we have." There was silence then; with not even the thrum of the engine to break it. "What is it?" Alice asked. "Oh." She continued, probably seeing what it was through her visions. "A drug?" "Yes," Carlisle explained in a calm and rational manner. "It's still experimental though, far away from passing health regulations. But it's growing to be the strongest painkiller we've ever had. Stronger than the morphine I gave Bella, which obviously isn't working. This is all I have left." He added for Edward's sake. Edward moaned in time with me; in pain, like me. "How will she react?" Carlisle asked. The question was probably aimed at Alice. Another year passed as they waited for her to see. "It'll calm her down enough to avoid detection until we reach Forks. I can't see past that yet." "It'll take away her pain?" Edward asked in a hoarse voice, hope flooding his tone. "A…a little…I think so." "What do you mean?" He demanded with a growl. "I'm not in her head, Edward!" She answered shrilly. "I only see her reaction, not how she feels." "It could paralyze her without releasing her from the pain?" He asked Carlisle this time, horror-struck. "I don't know. It hasn't even been tried on humans yet." The tension was growing too high for my mind to bear. The fire pulled me back into myself. This time, I knew I was screaming. Years passed again at the core of the hottest, distant star. Until, abruptly, someone turned down the heat of the oven. I changed from the hottest star to a cooler one. The fire still hotter than anything known on earth, but it had in fact dimmed enough for me to pay more attention to my surroundings again. "Bella? Can you hear me, Bella?" It was Carlisle this time. I was surprised to find that I was able to open my eyes, though my vision