Hey guys, nice to see you all again (Haha, who am I kidding?) Since my updates are late, I am planning on making short stories. This is one which was struck in my mind for quite some time. This will have two parts. Then I will be updating short stories/one-shots/drabbles. Pure Everlark Enjoy! Warning: The details might be wrong as I have no idea about the insiders who make a show or about Caribbean islands. This is totally based on my imagination. The characters might be slightly OOC Wilderness: Peeta Mellark is a famous adventurer who lives and loves animals and the known face in Panem's Wildlife. But apart from his passion for wildlife, can he also show passion to his fellow crew mate and photographer, Katniss Everdeen? She couldn't believe it. She was about to have the biggest breakthrough in her lifetime. Finishing the course for photography was easy while handling a minor course in medicals and environmental studies during her college but finding a job as a photographer was difficult. Not an ordinary photographer, but she specifically wanted to be a wildlife photographer ironically, in a city filled with buildings. She started small, as a medical assistance in a school while working as a waitress in café nearby, just so to pay her mortgage, even though her roommate Madge's father owns millions to pay but they insist on working and paying it on her own. But then, she was barely making it. It was a cakewalk for Madge. She majored in English literature and minored in Environmental studies where she met Katniss and they have been close ever since. But just as she stepped out of her job, she was called in for interviews as a journalist and as an editor. Now she works part time editor and full time journalist also taking time to hang out with Katniss and Katniss's best friend and her boyfriend, Gale Hawthorne who runs a successful architectural company. While Gale accidentally drunk confessed Katniss that he is planning on asking Madge to marry him on Valentine's Day and be Madge's bridesmaid, Katniss was elated but a small side on her steel heart crossed that she was still single in her life. Madge had no problem with Gale. He has got a new, fully furnished house to move in with her and that means that Katniss must start finding a definite job with a steady income to pay her rents. So cliché. She thought Until a small job she was doing, something like a pet project with Gale landed her in her big debut as a wildlife photographer. When Gale started working, with no opportunities flying through the window, he started running a blog posting architectural designs and plans in a website blog and a subsidiary blog dedicated and some pictures of Katniss pictures featuring in the websites. It was difficult to find green things first but she managed to get some from the backyard or a park or a zoo. As the blog started expanding and so as Gale's business, Katniss blog with pictures got notice and appreciation, she never got something big as she holds the application form today. She has been selected as a photographer at the Panem Wildlife channel hit series Exploring Nature With Peeta Mellark. And she just couldn't be happier. "Gale just asked me to marry him and I said yes Katniss. Oh my God!" Madge exclaimed tears streaming down her face sitting in the front door holding up her left hand ring finger for Katniss inspection "Oh, that is wonderful. I'm truly happy for you both" Katniss said sincerely "And we are both moving in to a new house and everything. We are planning on getting married on coming summer at Dad's beach house. You can live here all alone." "Yeah but not lonely as my job might last about a month and then I'll be busy in my new job if they like me" "When are you leaving for your trip?" Madge inquired getting up from the floor and coming in while examining her ring "Around 20th February and would return around March 20" "Wow that is a long trip. Don't forget to send me some pictures of your trip. And-"she turned and gave me a mock death glare "Your 24 goddam Everdeen. Go get a life or at least a boyfriend" "I don't need a guy to make my life better" Katniss says ignoring the gap that she might feel in her heart. "Well then what is your plan today?" "I'm meeting with my crew today at Panem HQ" "All the best" Madge whispers while hugging Katniss "Congratulations to you once again" Katniss whispers back. Panem HQ was the biggest corporate office run by the Panem management who owns the television channel which has different shows from TV series, kids channel, reality shows and yes, wildlife program. She hits the fourth floor button which is the wildlife department and waits till it reaches the fourth floor while going through the information she received form the television. Peeta Mellark is the famous host kind of presenter of this show. Although unlike others, he doesn't eat worms or stuffs, he has a charming way of speaking and sense of humor which makes everyone want to watch his channel more. No to mention he is good looking and Madge used to drool all over him like he was a teen idol. Not to mention, he has a lot of girl fans like actors but he educates them. He speaks about animals, their ways of behaviour, their mannerism while petting the pets. He has this on-screen charm and a natural way of speaking which puts the audience to peace. He could easily handle situations on live shooting instead of reading stuff rehearsed for him. Which is actually stupid of Katniss to assume that someone teens might be obsessed with someone who is not an actor. Isn't that stupid , she thought to herself But she knows only about the presenter, not about the crew. "Katniss Everdeen?" a woman with half shaved hair with tattoos on them comes and holds her hand without Katniss offering her hand "I'm Cressida, managing director of Panem Wildlife. I think you are the new substitute for Annie's place. Come; let me introduce to my unit" she says entering a huge room with people strewn all over fiddling with cameras and while her fingers itch to have them in her hand, she still feels out of space here "Gather up everyone. Let me introduce to our newest member of our unit, Katniss Everdeen. And Katniss, say hello to Castor, Pollux, Messala, Beetee, Wiress and Haymitch. Wait, you gotta meet Peets" she says exiting the room leaving her in front of everyone who looks at her like hawks. "So she is the new girly, uh. Let's hope that she doesn't have sea sickness"A middle aged man comments almost tiredly "Well, then about my photography" She wanted to mentally kick herself for even bringing it up in the first place that up because she is here to work but these guys are just sizing her up on sea sickness instead of questioning her on how she would take photographs because she had them by heart. "Well, sweetheart. I picked you myself and I like your angles and way of capturing after your blog that you run, but that is not my problem. I don't want you puking your guts out when we are going to the Caribbean Islands by sea" This whisky guy, Haymitch tells and Katniss makes a face showing her displeasure at him "Don't do that sweetheart. I'm your program manager and you gotta respect that" Yeah, whatever she responded in her mind silently until a very, very, cheerful voice broke down into the room "Hey guys. Wow there is a lot of them here today. I thought that everyone would have left for Valentine's Day?" he says with a smirk. "Just cause you are single doesn't mean you get to keep us all here Peeta. We've got people to attend to." A woman comes in with short, spiky hair and everything in her way she stands to her way of speaking suggests that she is the not the one to mess up with, the most obnoxious and seemingly arrogant but a nice one by heart character from, well, literally all the movies Katniss had seen. "Well, well, so you are Katrina. I am Johanna Mason. Event organiser, tour guide of sorts and help get through locals and animals and save you from dangers." "My name is Katniss, Miss Mason" she replies a little more loudly to ensure that Johanna has no hearing problems "Well you know what, just because you are acting a little less weirdly than Annie, I am just sticking to call you Brainless" and everyone just smirks at me. This office is seriously looking various ways to give nicknames to Katniss, first Sweetheart and now Brainless and Katniss did not even want to think of the list of endless possibilities "Oh, I am sorry dear. Did everyone distract you? Well, they going to need to learn a lot about manners. I am Effie Trinket, producer and the in charge of this trip. Well, I just love mahogany and that is the reason why I am producing this trip. Caribbean Isles have lot of Mahogany, don't they?" A woman looks like she had just stepped out of the 80's, with makeup of thousand people applied and dress colors which only Miley Cyrus mixed up dress with Lady Gaga would wear. "Yep they do Miss Trinket" Katniss says confidently because she thinks that to shine in her profession, she first needs to get into the heart of this Effie. So she responds a little bit brightly. "Well, I was right about Brainless" Johanna mutters under her breath and everyone giggles "Well, anyway, I am Peeta Mellark and I am guessing by the look of your face that you do recognize me, don't you Katniss?" "Yeah, I do" "So, who's up for an adventure?" Well, for Katniss, stuffing in her crew's member's attitude was easier than stuffing her luggage and she had figured it out very soon. Beetee and Wiress, husband and wife, take care of the technology department who volunteered in teaching me how to use new gadgets. Nuts and Volts, as nicknamed by Johanna, seem to understand their own language and finish each other's sentences. Castor and Pollux, non-identical twins are the camera crew whom I would be working with. Pollux is mute and Castor is his mouthpiece Haymitch is the managing director and well, that's just everything. Johanna made herself clear on that day and Effie, she's just Effie. Cressida is the Managing Director and her assistant Messalla are just always there on point. Well and Katniss is here to work in the place of Annie Cresta, wife of Finnick Odair, the well-known face in the company programs who acted thought his teens in soap operas as the famous guy and 'that attractive boy next door' character and currently did Reality Shows and some popular soap serials. Annie is currently on maternity leave and is planning on quitting her job. Although Johanna calls her mentally little unstable, she was very close with them. Although Katniss thought that for running a show required plenty of people, plenty of divisions and busy stuff, she was surprised to see very few people They must be very talented she thought to herself but the one who actually showed any interest in considering her real meaning of her actually there was Peeta. He was charming, funny, charismatic, always willing to help, with a cute dimple in the apple of his cheek when he smiles and the crinkles when he smiles while what he had actually done was to only give his phone number to Katniss to call him if she needs any help needed about her trip Although she wanted to so badly pull out