Author's Note: YAY! I UPDATED! I FINALLY, FINALLY UPDATED! I know it's been MONTHS since I finished part II but trust me when I say that plot developing for Embry and Lilly and deciding how I wanted this first chapter to go was a lot of work! Also, I've been ridiculously busy. I promise the next updates will not be so far apart. That being said, welcome to Embry and Lilly: It's Complicated. Fair warning-If you have not read my other story, Quil and Claire: The Perfect Two, you probably shouldn't read this yet. I suggest reading that one first, as starting with this would not only spoil the other story, but also really confuse you. If you really hate Quil and Claire and insist on reading this story, I cannot stop you and will try to make this story as easy for you to understand as possible. I mean, you may still feel like you're missing a few details but—Oh, I'm rambling. You probably want to actually start reading the story now. ENJOY! Lilly Gray sky, but no rain. Not atypical weather for mid-March in the Olympic Peninsula. Spring hadn't yet shown its face, and the breeze blowing off of the Pacific cut through my coat like a knife does butter. I shivered, fisting my hands in my pockets. My normally ghost-white face was almost certainly rosy and flushed. I knew that I should probably head inside before dark, or I'd really freeze. My best friend, Eliza, was expecting me. After the events of the last six months, showing up more than five minutes late for anything could only mean I'd been captured by vampires, or worse. I couldn't keep her waiting. But I also couldn't find the will to leave the beach. There was something almost comforting about the coldness. About the quiet and the loneliness. Just me and the crashing of the waves. Of course, being at the beach brought up another emotion, too. Longing. And a memory . . . Happy New Year, Lilly, Embry whispered, leaning over and kissing me on the cheek. My hand, which had been resting under his, tingled as his fingers slid along the skin of my knuckle. I shivered, though I certainly hadn't been cold while sitting next to Embry. It was one of the most amazing moments of my life. And then . . . And then nothing. We talked about Quil and Claire, and school, and the weather, and it was as if nothing ever happened. And I'm sure for Embry, it was like nothing ever did. A New Year kiss on the cheek hardly meant a thing to him. I was his best friend, basically his younger sister. He wasn't romantically interested in a girl not even old enough to drive a car. He probably hadn't even thought of it once since then. And I . . . Well, I was in love with him. One of my best friends, who was also a werewolf, and technically sixteen years older than me. Sound complicated? Just wait, there's more. I let out a deep breath, staring out at the ocean. A mist had settled over the beach, making it easy to believe that real magic existed there. It wasn't difficult to envision fourteen werewolves weaving through the forest, on the lookout for vampires. For crying out loud, a mermaid could come dancing out of the ocean and I probably wouldn't even give it a second look. When you grow up surrounded by werewolves and vampires, you find that very little surprises you anymore. I met Embry when I was only nine years old. He found me—or rather, Renesmee found me—lost and afraid in the forest a couple of miles away from my house. It was around the time my parents split, and I was upset. Needing to be alone, I ran off into the forest. Of course, being a nine year old girl, I was almost immediately hopelessly lost. I probably would have died out there, had Renesmee and Embry (who'd been looking for Jacob at the time) not come across me. Embry was the first best friend I'd ever truly had. Then through the pack, I'd met Eliza, Claire's little sister who was just a few months older than me. I can't imagine what my life would be like without her. Don't get me wrong, Eliza had her fair share of faults, one of them being her hesitation to trust people, but that had never mattered to me. When asked, I told people I had two best friends, but that wasn't true. Eliza was my best friend. Embry was . . . Embry. My heart beat furiously just thinking about him. I'd begun secretly crushing on him last June and the feelings had grown significantly since then. Now I couldn't look at him without feeling weak in the knees. How pathetic was that? My phone beeped. I let out another deep breath and pulled it from my pocket. 1 New Message from Eliza: Are you alive? I wasn't exaggerating about the kidnapped by vampires thing. Yeah, on my way, I replied, turning away from the ocean and leaving the beach behind me. Is this really you? Eliza texted back, What's the password? Camille is an ugly whore, I typed, the corner of my mouth pulling up into a smile. See you soon :) Oh, and HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Oh yeah, I kept forgetting . . . It was March 15th. I was fifteen years old today. My mother joked that I was actually an adult and trapped in the body of a teenager. Maybe I'd find that funny, if I couldn't name several people off the top of my head who actually were. The walk from the beach to the Uleys' house was short. When Eliza had lived there, we would often race to the beach, laughing and shoving each other as we went. That was before last August, when out of the blue, Eliza and Claire's father had returned to the reservation. Now they lived in northern La Push, where the houses were a little newer and a little bigger. But on some nights, nights like this one, Eliza would go over to her aunt and uncle's to babysit her cousin, Amelia. Normally, babysitting Amelia was Claire's responsibility, since she was the one with a car and all, but tonight Quil didn't have to run patrols, so they were going out. If, of course, one could consider hooking up in Quil's truck "going out." According to Eliza, ever since New Year, when Quil moved in with the Youngs, the two had been even more obnoxiously in love than usual. Although, Eliza hardly had room to criticize anymore. She'd started dating Brady Fuller at the same time and since then I'd barely seen Eliza outside of school without Brady by her side. For a girl who'd denied even somewhat liking Brady for five months, Eliza sure couldn't stand to be away from him. Not that I was bitter. I was happy for Eliza. I was happy for Claire, too. I was happy for every perfect happy couple who were just so perfect and happy. I was just so, so happy. Definitely no bitterness. None. The sun was sinking into the horizon when I reached Sam and Emily's house. Rather than throw a party, I'd volunteered to help Eliza babysit. I'd never cared much for birthday parties, and the only person who I'd really want to be there had to work tonight. Once all of the vampire drama settled down, Jacob went back to insisting that the pack find jobs (a little hypocritical, if you ask me, considering that Nessie forbid him from getting a job of his own. Talk about obnoxiously in love couples…) and Embry didn't have much of a say in the matter. Over the past three months, we discovered that Embry actually wasn't very good at having a job. He'd gotten fired from a restaurant in Forks, kindly asked to leave his job at the library (apparently, getting into a screaming fight with a soccer mom was grounds for termination) and was now employed at the Forks Movie Theater, which had opened last year. He was hoping to find a better, more adult job, like Quil and Nolan had with some construction company in Port Angeles, but with no luck. He'd only started working at the theater two weeks ago, and had been unable to get the night off. Part of me was crushed. Being away from Embry was like a gaping hole in the middle of my chest. Part of me was relieved. Being around Embry was like a knife constantly being driven through my heart. Stop thinking about him, it's girls' night, I reminded myself. The front door swung open. "You're here! Finally!" Eliza exclaimed, running over to me, "Melia is driving me crazy. " "I can hear you!" Amelia, who was ten years old with the maturity of a seven year old and the wit of a twenty-seven year old, yelled, appearing in the doorway. Although they were cousins, Eliza looked much more like my relative than Melia's. That was, of course, because Amelia and Eliza weren't actually related at all. She'd been adopted by the Youngs as a baby. Over the course of our friendship, we'd often been mistaken as sisters. We both had curly blonde hair, although my curls weren't quite as loose and my hair was more whitish than hers. In addition, we shared the same light skin, although she at least could be considered fair, whereas I was just plain pale. I was also taller, and my eyes were dark blue while hers were green, but I could see where the confusion came from. As an only child, Eliza was the closest thing to a sister I'd ever had. When we were younger, we would actually pretend that we were long-lost sisters who had miraculously found each other, completely ignoring the fact that we were only five months apart in age and being sisters was physically impossible. I was nostalgic for those days. "Happy Birthday!" Eliza cheered, ignoring her whining cousin and pulling me in for a hug. "Sam and Emily are already gone. Come in, we're going to watch a movie." "I think my socks are frozen to my feet," I shared as we walked up the front steps and into the house. "Happy Birthday, Lilly," Amelia said as I passed her, "Where's Embry?" "What?" I asked, feeling suddenly nervous. It was an innocent enough question, but I knew how perceptive Amelia could be. "Where's Embry?" Melia repeated. "You two don't hang out as much together anymore. Is it because of Travis?" My breathing stopped. Remember what I said about there being more complications? Amelia was referring to Travis Newton, my boyfriend. I wish I could come up with some grand explanation for why I was continuing to date Travis when I was clearly in love with someone else, but I can't. I dated Travis because he was a distraction. Because I wanted so badly to like him the way he liked me. Because I needed to push my dreams of Embry aside and not wait around for a relationship that would never happen. Because I was selfish. Travis had wanted so badly to take me out on my birthday, and I'd told him no. That I had plans with Eliza. So instead, he was taking me out to dinner tomorrow. And I'd have to spend an hour and a half sitting across a table from him and feeling awkward. I really, really needed to break up with Travis. I knew that. It wasn't right to string him along. But I couldn't bear to break his heart, either. Talk about a lose-lose situation. I had to admit, though, it did unsettle me that Amelia noticed the connection between Embry's recent absence and Travis's presence. If Travis was around, Embry was nowhere to be seen, and the other