I do not own any of the Twilight characters - I am just borrowing them from Meyers. I will return them when I have finished but they will be a little bent out of shape, sorry! AN: So we start in 1663 with Carlisle being transformed into a vampire. We will meet the full cast of Twilight as we travel through the ages but I have, and I apologise for this, played fast and loose with Meyers characters. (With a few of my own chucked in for good measure.) Some are very out of character, I know some people don't like that. So far I have the first 40 chapters written waiting for edit and a further 100 sketched out. I'll aim to post a couple of chapters a week. A note on layout- italics are thoughts , CAPITALS are shouting/loud, centred text is a flash back. That's about it I think. This wont be for every one, I want to make that clear now - firstly, this story is long! starting in 1663 and ending in the present day. Secondly, if you are offended by fictional supernatural beings (including young teens, shock!) being knocked about, physically punished, having sex, swearing, etc etc, then please go and find something else to read. THIS IS NOT REAL and I am too old to be dealing with people spitting their dummy out with shitty reviews when they were forewarned and will simply delete. 1663, May - The Pastor's Boy "We must be strong, for they are strong, we must be fierce, for they are fierce, our will must not weaken in the face of evil, for They. Are. Evil!" The Pastor led the meeting of the gathered town folk. The good men of Spittle Feylds, which lay north east to the city of London, were circled around the pastor. He stood on his cart so all could hear him, see him and gaze in wonder at the man who stands for all men. The ground beneath the cart from where the pastor preached still held remnants of the pyre and scorched earth used to dispel an evil creature of witch craft only last week. The town folk were grateful for such a diligent pastor to lead their flock. Samuel Cullen had gained the trust of the small town through his many years of good service, first by assisting his father, Tobias Cullen, the old pastor who taught him the skills to win both the hearts and minds of the people. Not that his work was a ploy to do so, oh no, Samuel truly believed he was enacting gods wishes on earth, "I call on you, my brothers, and sons of brothers, I call on you to take up arms, to defend our women, our children, and our children's children from the deadly creatures of the night who wish harm upon them, who wish to corrupt their minds, their very souls! I will do my duty for my lord above, who will join me?" The town folk roared in response. The good pastor continued his 'call to arms' quite pleased with the reactions he elicited from the crowd… except one, one young man hadn't joined in the roaring chorus. The pastor appeared well aware of this one. Perhaps if the good pastor hadn't been so focused on this young man, he may have noticed that three such 'deadly creatures of the night' were observing the scene from the top of a high tree on the edge of the woodland. Eleazar watched his father, who was clearly unhappy with Aro's choice. "That one, the Pastors son? Why!" Basileus threw his youngest son an incredulous look; there was nothing special about the sullen looking boy stood to the side of the gathering. Aro shrugged, "why not?" he replied, sounding thoroughly bored. Basileus had already explained to Aro the reason for increasing their rank. Aro personally thought the whole escapade pointless; he did not need a little vampire brother to help him reconnect to his humanity - as far as Aro was concerned, he had no humanity, and nor did he want it, he was a vampire! With Aro spending more and more time with Caius, who Basileus held directly responsible for corrupting his son's once good nature with an evil one, Basileus thought it time to bring in another vampire, a calm one, one who could perhaps replace Caius in time and one who could help Aro to remember who he was. Clearly Eleazar had failed, at least, that's how he felt. Eleazar couldn't understand why Basileus didn't just remove Caius, he hadn't asked though, it was not his place. Basileus turned his gaze on his eldest son, "will he be useful, El?" Eleazar focused on the Pastors boy, he was a little further away than he would like. Eleazar's gift to sense the ability of others did often work with humans, he could work out what they would be capable of as vampires if they were turned, but the distance made this tricky… he could sense quite a few humans from where he perched on the branch below his father, but he wasn't getting much from the pastors boy. "I do not sense a gift, my lord, though I can feel something, he has great control, patience, loyalty…" "And in what way will that be useful!" Basileus spat, "Aro, choose another one!" Great, clearly the wrong answer! Eleazar thought, reproachfully and respectfully, as was his way, he continued, "we do not know if this one will be useful, my Lord, we have never had one of his kind before." Basileus smirked, this pastors boy sounds just like Eleazar, I could cope with another one of him, he thought. "He will countenance Caius if nothing else" Aro added, and far more quietly, "is that not the point of this needless folly!" Basileus heard, of course he heard. Eleazar quickly interjected, always the peacemaker and hopeful to distract his father's attention from his brother's disrespect. "Perhaps that is his purpose, my lord, tempering Caius' effect at Volterra and, well…" Eleazar trailed off, not wanting to finish his sentence. "ME!" CRACK! Aro's half shouted, angry reply earned him a hard slap across the back of his head from Basileus, and being a vampire slap, it sounded like the heavens were thundering! Basileus was tiring of his son's complaints, having heard them incessantly on the journey to London from Volterra. His sons were silent now, waiting for him to speak. He glanced over to the town gathering discussing the fate of vampire kind, as if they had any say in the matter, he thought. The town folk hadn't paid much attention to the noises coming from the woodland, but they were stirring for their vampire hunt… it was time for them to move. "You are right Eleazar, I will watch a while and take him tonight. You two will make your way back to the castle." Aro didn't turn to face him, but nodded once in agreement, Eleazar was more concerned, "my lord, there is a whole mob out there! We could help, allow us to stay!" Calming now, Basileus felt pride in his son's worry and placed a loving hand on his shoulder, "the aim this evening is to claim an additional son, not to risk the two I already have, Eleazar. Go, now, we will not be far behind you." Not waiting for a response, knowing they wouldn't defy him, Basileus dropped down from the high branch where he'd talked with his sons to land silently on the soft, damp ground. Within a moment, he was gone. Eleazar turned to Aro, "you shouldn't keep antagonizing him brother." Aro rubbed the sting from the back of his head, though if he had to admit it, his pride hurt far more. Not only did his father believe he needed to watch closely over him, but that he also needed others to do so for him too, was the saint Eleazar not enough? He thought to himself, that father of mine enjoyed my supposed cruelty when it had suited him bringing down the Romanians, but now he wants to play happy families I need to be tempered! Cunt! These thoughts would not leave Aro's mouth, they scared him enough being inside his head! He knew full well that Basileus could, if he wanted, read his thoughts - and he didn't even need to be connected by touch as with Aro's gift. To be fair to the man he had never punished on thought alone, yet. That 'yet' was quite important Aro thought. But Eleazar was right, there was little to be gained from annoying their father - as his stinging head proved! Eleazar had sat silently whilst his brother struggled internally with Basileus' decisions. Rather than the annoyance Aro felt, Eleazar was plagued with guilt; he should have been more forceful with his younger brother rather than watching passively as he became more and more twisted in his role as the Volturi leader. Eleazar hadn't realized Aro's hand was delicately placed on his wrist, the hiss at his thoughts alerted him to it though; Aro had been 'listening' to Eleazar and what he heard, hurt. The Volturi was supposed to be a job, but it had evolved to become more than that, it was his life now, why couldn't his brother and father understand that! He was serving a duty to vampire kind, a vital service, keeping them all in control and maintaining order. He didn't really blame Eleazar though, Eleazar was so different to him, he loved him, but he didn't understand what Aro did or more importantly, the reasons he did it. Aro dropped to the woodland floor, landing swiftly without making much sound and called back to Eleazar, "come brother, you think too much." Eleazar shook his head, his black hair grazing shoulders as he did so, he did love Aro, he just wanted his brother back, let us all hope this pastors son can help! With that final thought he joined Aro on the ground and the two took off running silently through the night towards their temporary castle lodgings. Basileus pounced from roof top to tree branch, never missing a step, rounding on the town folk meeting. He couldn't help feel amused by their chattering as if they stood a chance against his kind! All these plans, to hunt us, to skewer us, to burn us - poor things should be pitted for their foolish thoughts really. He came to a halt on the roof of small homestead. The gathering was taking place directly below - the men of the town stood in a circle around the good pastor standing on the back of his horse cart so all could see and hear his preaching. Looking around at the crowd, Basileus could see they were all clutching 'weapons' of one sort or another; a scythe here, an axe there, quite a few sharpened sticks. My blessed food source, he thought as he silently chuckled to himself. Closer now, he could size up this boy Aro had chosen, the pastors son. He looked young compared to Aro and Eleazar, only early twenty's, if that, but his face was tired. Living in these retched times would be the cause no doubt, but Basileus suspected more. He watched him closely now; the good pastor drivelling on about evil forces, the boy wasn't listening and appeared uninterested by the righteous outpourings of his father. Basileus smiled to himself, this had better not be a sign of what I have to come from him, he thought mockingly. As if! No son of mine would dare. Eleazar's senses were right though, this pastor's son certainly had a different air about him to the other town folk. It wasn't arrogance, the others had that in droves, it wasn't disobedience either, this boy was going to go ahead with his father's rabbling instructions along with the rest of the town. But