The Beginning For hundreds of years men have killed each other for trivial things. Wealth, women, power, and other meaningless things. As the years passed these humans started to believe in divine beings to explain their irrational behavior. For example war, for the Greeks war was caused by the God Ares son of the Greek King of Gods Zeus and his wife wife Queen Hera. When there was an eclipse it meant that Ra the Egyptian God of the sun was defeated on his way to take the sun over the sky. Through the years these myths were said more and more until they became a reality. Once a pantheon was made said gods from that pantheon started to exist. Humans were made to revere and respect these gods and so these gods became rulers of their own little world. No one dared to defy the word of the gods, their power was so mighty they could shake the earth, make snakes devour your soul, send you to a pit that houses thousands of monsters. Only a selected few defied the gods, these people went on to kill gods earning them the name God Slayers. These people often did favors for gods or do something for them if they wanted something in return. There was one man that stood above the rest. His power and humility were known through all pantheons. He was mercilous towards many but could be just as kind. He was the first to group these people together and to lead them into a better tomorrow ? POV Year: 2016 Location: Kodiak Island, Alaska It's an early December morning and the cold is not felt on my bare skin. The carbon dioxide my lungs release can be seen in the air. The water in the buckets around me are frozen to the point you would have to use a pickaxe to break it. "Three hundred and one, t-three hundred and two... Fudge! Come on! Move body! move!" The sweat on my body feels hot instead of cold for some reason. The push ups I'm doing seem to diminish by the hour. "Fuck! T-thr-three hundred and eighty." The need to get stronger, faster, smarter, is nor for some personal gain but to protect my conmrades. Twigs snap behind me but I don't move from my position. "Boss." A thick voice with a slight accent says. I stop for a moment. "What? You know not to disturb me when I'm training." "Sorry, we just got requested for a mission sir." I push my arms higher and I lift my legs then I move my legs up so I get into a handstand. My body is on fire it keeps on protesting for me to stop but I ignore the pain. "Who was it requested by?" "Anubis" The voice says nothing else. "You can go I'll be there in a bit." The person talking to me turns around and walks away. I spend another half an hour working out, doing various things like swimming for two miles and doing three hundred sit ups. I take three of the buckets that I had in the clearing I was working out in and unfreeze the water inside them. Dumping the water all over my body I reenergize and refuel my body. Putting my shirt back on I start to walk back to my house. The forest is eerily quiet, I can only hear the crunching of the snow under my feet. Suddenly I hear a low growl to my right. A huge grin forms on my face, and I keep on walking. After a few feet I hear another growl this one lower and angrier. The sound come comes from my left. They actually think they can ambush me. A white paw comes put of nowhere and tries to slice off my face. I narrowly shift my head back so the paw won't scar me for life. in the corner of my eye I see a huge black figure moving at impressive speeds at me. I roll to my right effectively crashing into a tree before the pair of huge jaws almost clamp down on my head. Swiftly jumping to the side and into a roll I dodge a white paw. The force of the swipe is so great it shreds the tree into pieces. The tree falls down in a monstrous thud. "That was pretty good but you got to do better than that if you even want to put so much as a scratch on my body!" I yell out towards the forest around me. I hear the two same growls again, two sillouetes walk out of the forest. The slightly smaller one is a 5 foot tall silver wolf with piercing yellow eyes. The second on is a 5 foot 2 tall black wolf with slitted crimson eyes, the wolf also has two tails instead of one. You seem to underestimate us Novax. A feminine voice coming from the wolf says out loud or maybe in my head since I can't tell the difference. Aye, for doing so I'm going to bite one of your arms off. The male snarky voice of the black wolf says out loud. "Hah! You guys haven't been able to cut me in over a millennium do you really expect me to believe you will this time?" The silver wolf turns around to look at the black wolf. Lets take him down Urbarra. The black wolf nods and says, don't hold back Katiyanna or he'll beat our asses. Katiyanna growls at him and he gives her a Wolfy grin. I walk to the middle of the small clearing they so unintentionally attacked me in. They start to circle me slowly trying to find a weak spot. I carck my buckles and get into a crouching position. Katiyanna lunges at me trying to bite my leg. I knee her on the nose, I try to kick her but I'm knocked down by Urbarra. We roll on the ground trying to gain an advantage on one or the other. I ouch him off me in mid roll making him crash into a tree. He shakes off the hit and growls at me. I'm going to get you for that you asshole. I smirk and I give him the hand gesture for 'bring it on.' He runs at me and jumps at me with his jaw gaping open. I tilt my body to the right dodging him, grabbing his tail I start to spin him. Katiyanna is running towards us to help him. When she's close enough I throw Urbarra straight at her making them hit head first and tumble to the ground. They shakily get up and they start to do short labored breaths. "Come on guys just give up. I have to get to HQ for the mission." We are honorable wolves we never give up. Urbarra says talking for the both of them. I sigh loudly and run my fingers through my hair. "OK then I guess you leave me no choice. Disappearing and reappearing in front of them I start to flare my aura. The aura that comes out of my body has been described as heveanly, luminescent, godly, or omnipotent. An array of thousands of color seem to flow out of my body. The runes on the surface of my skin light up with neon colors. And the seals start to capture the aura being let out. Snow starts to melt around me, and the ground shakes. The air starts to get denser making it harder to breath. My aura starts to suffocate and push the wolves towards the ground. My mere presence seems to stop them from even speaking Alright we give, just stop before you kill me and Katiyanna. That mere statment makes me stop flaring my aura. The ground stops shaking and everything goes back to the way it is. Before I apologize for being too rough on them Urbarra and Katiyanna collapse. I sigh exaspertly and slightly tug my hair. " I went a little bit to far." Snapping my fingers they disappear in a white dust, I teleported them to my HQ so they could get some rest. "Time to see what Anubis wants. He is probably going to make me do it seeing as he came all the way here just for a mission." Starting again to walk through the tightly packet forest to my destination I start to whistle a random tune. After a good half hour walking I come up to a twenty foot wooden door connecting to an equally as large wall going as far as the eye can see. A part of the wall opens up and a handprint scanner, eye scanner, and voice scanner come out from it. "State identification." A woman robotic voice says. "Novax, Primeval Division, Zero." "Retinal identification." I walk up to the eye scanner and put my right eye in front of it. It emits a small laser that scans my whole eye before disappering. "Fingerprint identification." Putting my hand on the scanner I groan loudly at how boring this was. "Who came up with this whole stupid security detail? Oh wait... I think that was me." The scanner gives out a little ding signaling its end. "Access Granted." The voice says before the door starts to open. The giant wooden door parts through the middle and starts to fold into the wall sideways. Like how you fold one of those Chinese fans. Onece the door opens I walk in into a different universe, well not really. One the other side of the wall the ground looks completely different. There is grass as far as you can see, there are buidings to the far left and far right of you. At least a mile away you can see a giant rectangular shaped building. There are fountains and small streams with bridges going over them. Stone paths connect one building to another. I take a few seconds to take in the sight that never seems to amaze me. Looking at the giant building right in the middle of everything I start to eslk towards it. The building is a gray 25 story rectangular metal box with a lot of windows on it. The walk to the huge building which is called Zeta is as boring and annoying as usual. The people just saluted me or gave me slight bows. Even though I've told most of them not to do it they insist on doing all of that formal stuff. When I'm not on duty anybody can just talk to me how ever they want to, since I act really different during work. I walk through the sliding doors of Zeta and walk up to the receptionist on the front desk in the middle of the room. "Do I have any messages Shelly?" Shelly doesn't even look up before she says, "no, you only have that meeting to discuss a mission with Anubis. He's been waiting for you for half an hour and asked for your whereabouts continuously." Shelly is a light brown haired, hazel greened eyed, olive skinned, professionaly dressed, curvy beauty. Though she is quite lazy when it comes to her job. "Damn it. Can't gods ever be patient?" Shelly scoffs and pushes her glasses up. I walk away from the reception desk and walk into an elevator. Pushing the button for the sixth floor I enjoy the really good elevator music. "Drop the bass cannon kick it!" I say out loud copying the songs vocals. A ding signals the stop on my designated floor. The hallway on floor has many doors because it's the conference room. I walk up to the third door on my right and walk in. "Nice of you to drop by." A deep voice says to me. "Nice to see you to Anubis." Anubis looks just like in the old days which is no surprise because he's a god. His jackel head