A/n: My realm jumping class (some call it English class) was given an assignment to create our own fellowship and write a story about it. We were put into groups and then wrote our own fellowship story. Each story takes place between the hobbit and lord of the Rings, and most of them lead up to an event in LOTR. Hope you enjoy our latest realm jumps! Fellowship Journal: April 18th Halls of the Elven King We, that is the elves of our fellowship, have decided to keep a journal of our journey. King Thranduil has issued us a mission, and told us that if we bring along these four idiots we will be promoted to palace guards. The idiots in question are a male human, a male dwarf, a female hobbit, and a female wizard. We will have to train the fools for four weeks so they will be ready for their mission. Celindua has decided to take on the hobbit, called Usquner. Peredhil has decided to take on the dwarf, Agaryulnaer. Valar has taken in the human, named Morier. I have decided to take the wizard, who is called Naalostistari. Hopefully we can complete our mission, which is to investigate rumors of the Necromancers return to our forest of Mirkwood. First we must get through our personal fools training, which will start on Monday. -Aratohallaer May 12th (after the training, day 1 of quest) Forest of Mirkwood We traveled 36 miles of easily traveled ground while the blundering fellowship lagged throughout the trek. The fellowship of inferior races trotted on the ground while the other Elves and I ran throughout the branches of the darkened trees blocking the sun. We saw faint traces of "orcish" tracks throughout the forest but we believe that they are being hunted down by the others. - Peredhil May 13th Forest of Mirkwood I've been stuck with these creatures for 2 whole days! I don't know how I'll survive for almost 4 weeks. You would think my fellow elves would be mature. Aratohallaer was sent because of a punishment for robbing. Peredhil was sent for drinking. Valar was too inappropriate. Of course I was sent to get the mission done. Now I'm stuck with them. Hopefully, I can conveniently find a boulder to chunk at them. -Celindua May 14thForest of Mirkwood This wretched journey is no fun. It was much more fun in the king's court. Furthermore, Celindua is acting rather orcish. And I hope Peredhil goes and Miqula Orqu (kisses an orc). He is a bothersome error and a disgrace to elves. The only elf that is even somewhat tolerable is Aratohallaer. She always has that mischievous look about her and looks like she could give any of us a good beating. My kind of person. I guess I have found an ally in this horrid journey. The rest can go burn in the void for all I care. We had to cross the mountains of Mirkwood today, adding to the misery. Our trainees took forever, but the pass we took allowed us to get across in one day, though all we did today was cross the mountains. - Valar May 15th Forest of Mirkwood Valar, Peredhil and I have been enjoying this trip, even if no one else seems to be having fun. Because we are elves we can run through the trees and keep ahead of our fools, so the three of us have begun springing small pranks on the rest of our Fellowship. The fools, and Celindua who is far too well behaved, have been finding ...surprises in their path. We have dropped everything from spider silk, to briars, even mud upon our pitiful fellowship, just to make the trip more interesting. I can't wait till we encounter our first orc pack, the fight will be so much fun. Anyway, we have about four weeks together, so we might as well make it exciting... -Aratohallaer May 16th Forest of Mirkwood The dwarven disgrace-Agaryulnaer- was wounded in the femoral artery by the arrow of an orcish bow from an ambush while tracking the the Mirkwood. He was shot as soon as they appeared and couldn't help in repelling them. The battle was short and costly for the orcs but the dwarf was seriously wounded by the arrow. The dwarfs wound will not be allowed to be healed by our elven medicine because of his pride. We hope this useless waste of food dies soon within the coming days. - Peredhil May 17th Forest of Mirkwood This journey is becoming rather lifeless. They are all acting like their souls have been lifted and been thrown into the depths of Mordor. I have decided I will show these people how to enjoy their lives to the full extent. Before I was sent to this ghastly journey, I slipped some Dorwinian wine into my satchel. I have been looking for the right time for days now to slip the strong wine into Peredhil's drink. And it looks like today, the time has finally come. The dwarf was having trouble keeping up with the rest of us with his wound and all. He was a disaster just waiting to happen in my opinion. Anyways, Peredhil went to go aid the dwarf. Meanwhile, I carefully poured the wine into Peredhil's drink. Aratohallaer kept Peredhil occupied, telling him to go fetch water or something. The obnoxious alcoholic has no idea what he is in for tomorrow. I cannot wait to see his reaction to something as strong as Dorwinian. - Valar May 18th Forest of Mirkwood The dwarf is even slower than he already was. He got shot by an Orc. Even though he isn't my favorite member of the fellowship, I sincerely hope he gets healed. Also, I finally am getting used to Valar. Yesterday, she pranked Peredhil. His reaction was actually quite funny. He swayed around like an idiot and was blubbering some incoherent nonsense. Maybe I won't need that boulder after all. - Celindua May 19th Forest of Mirkwood We walk on and on through the forests for two weeks now with these blundering pieces of spider bait. i have tried many times to lose them but the are persistently yelling and yammering like youngling searching for their parents. this would give away our position eventually so we had to allow them to see us at all times to maintain stealth from the orcs and spiders. -Peredhil May 20th. Forest of Mirkwood More orcs today. They came at dawn while I was on watch. I, of course, heard them coming and could have stopped them at any time..OK, fine, I was asleep when they came. I did wake up when they got closer, and then warned the others. The fight was short and mostly uninteresting. The dwarf still refuses to be healed, and has still been limping along. He even tried to fight today, though he failed miserably. The journey has gotten a bit boring again, maybe its time for another prank..? -Aratohallaer May 21st Forest of Mirkwood Yesterday, we had an orc fight. When they came out, that Aratohallaer wasn't even awake. Of course she was sleeping. . We didn't lose any members , which is good. The dwarf is still in pain, and I don't even know when we'll reach Dol Guldor. Anyways, I almost got hit with a sword. The orc came right behind me, but luckily, I moved right in time. We quickly defeated them and started to move along. -Celindua May 22nd Forest of Mirkwood That empty headed human has met his fate today. Death. That fool made the worst decision of his useless life by betraying the Fellowship. I have always thought humans were weird and rather outlandish creatures, but this was just plain ludicrous behavior. We found out about the human's true motives today in the orc battle. I was assigned by Aratohallaer to sneak up and surprise the band of orcs while the rest of them fought because I was very nimble footed. I had noticed that the shortsighted human wasn't fighting with them, but I didn't think anything of it. While I scouted for orcs and thought of a brilliant strategy, I overheard the senseless human talking to the hideous orcs. I leaned closer toward them from my crouched position on the tree and I was able to hear faint traces of their whispered and seemingly urgent conversation. I heard bits and pieces of it such as 'plan' and 'escape'. It didn't take a genius like me to know that the human was telling the orcs our plan. That hypocrite. I was about to leap from my tree to go attack that traitor but it turns out there was no need. After hearing the Fellowship's complete strategy, the orcs realized what an utter idiot he was and slaughtered him. I couldn't have done better myself. Except I think I would have also plucked his eyeballs from his sockets and kept them as a souvenir. But slaughter is good too. -Valar May 23rd Forest of Mirkwood Another dreary day of uneventful walking towards southern have seen orc tracks towards the mountains and signs of the Nazgul that were in the area. we believe the mountains to be a problem for they have a substantial number of misplaced goblins possibly burrowing into the mountain. - Peredhil May 24th Forest of Mirkwood We've lost another fool today, leaving us with a hobbit and a bleeding dwarf. Some orcs attacked today, which shouldn't have caused a problem. In fact, the other elves and I were just shooting down the last of the orcs with our bows, when that idiot, Naalost, had to step into the fight. She tried to use a spell to send the orcs flying away, but , being senseless, she had her staff held backwards. This resulted in the wizard flying right out of the tree tops, presumably dead once she landed. I feel a little bad that she is gone, but really, if she is that stupid, I don't mind losing her. After all, we can move a bit faster now and will need less food. Still, I will miss pranking them, after all I only have three pranking subjects left (Celindua, Usquener, and Agaryulnaer) -Aratohallaer May 25th Forest of Mirkwood I've survived 2 weeks on this journey. We only have 2 weeks left. We have walked a lot lately, and it might be interesting to have another battle. However, the wizard and human have already died. It won't be a good to lose another member. -Celindua May 26th Forest of Mirkwood Today was the start of our third week and it was an adventurous and rather risky day. The orcs had caught up to us and put up quite a fight. The brainless hobbit and the moronic bleeding dwarf were no help as usual. We trained them for an entire month but those dimwitted oafs never put their knowledge to good use. They just get in the way and consume food all day. The hobbit ate what seemed like 20 times a day and the dwarf had the appetite of 20 dragons. If they keep consuming this fast, we will most likely run out of food. Anyways, the orcs put up a mighty good fight today. They seemed well rested and high spirited. But we elves didn't go down without a fight. The heavy combat lasted for about 20 minutes. The clang of steel and the shouts could be heard throughout the whole battle. But in the end, we elves forced the ferocious orcs to retreat while the hobbit and the dwarf stood at the sidelines and absentmindedly cheered us on. It is only a matter of time before they die off. I long for that day. - Valar May 27th Forest of Mirkwood The foods supply for our fellowship is running low at the moment but as soon as we lose another oaf we can lighten our load and hunt with a