Chapter 1 – End of an Era Bella POV One of the extremely clear memories I had from my human days was the one and only time Dad spanked me before my change. Surprisingly, I remembered it even though I didn't purposely try to hold on to that precious memory. I have no idea why that memory stuck, but I was sure glad that it did. For nearly a year, every time I even thought about doing something out of line, the relentless barrage of my vampire father's hand came to the forefront of my mind. I didn't find it overly harsh. In fact, I knew I deserved every single swat. It was just one of those formative experiences that shaped my early days of being a vampire. And because of this memory, unlike every other newborn, except Carlisle, I was extremely well behaved. Because of this, my siblings (and my husband, for that matter) began calling me white-noser. I really don't want to get into why they call me that. It's too embarrassing. Speaking of my siblings and husband, they had all begun to take bets on what I would do to finally earn my first vampire spanking. Alice, the big hypocrite, refused to bet because she couldn't see our futures well enough now that Renesmee and Jacob constantly disrupted her visions. They all pressured her to bet, but she wouldn't give in. (Personally, I thought this was hysterical. Alice wouldn't make a bet unless she knew for sure from a vision what the outcome would be. She pretended it was because she was above it all, but we all knew the truth. She didn't want to be wrong.) Everyone else, other than Edward, said that my first spanking would be because I lied, or fudged the truth a bit, to Carlisle to get someone out of trouble. That was not going to be the reason I got a spanking. I personally saw my own propensity to do such a thing and thankfully was properly scared away with a warning from Dad. I caught a glimpse of his anger over that particular sin when Emmett was playing Hulk for Renesmee and accidentally destroyed Esme's favorite vase. When asked what had happened, I started to tell him that I didn't want to tattle, but he implored me to rethink my answer, lest I get the spanking that the deserving party had earned. Needless to say, I ratted Emmett out, and I tried very hard to never disappoint Dad in that way. Edward guessed that my first trip across dad's lap would be because of something completely different. It turned out that he knew me better than anyone. That shouldn't have surprised me. I should have listened to him and taken precautions to keep myself in line in that area. That would have saved me a sore bottom and a whole lot of guilt. My winning streak was broken on Renesmee's birthday. When I say my winning streak was broken, I mean really broken, as in I grabbed it, threw it down, stomped it, buried it, dug it up, beheaded it, burned it and spit on the ashes. That's how bad I screwed up, no exaggeration. After a very long and ridiculously lavish birthday party (I won't go into the details because I'm still pissed that Alice went completely overboard after promising to keep it reasonable), Jacob asked to take Renesmee to the reservation for a little bit. The rest of us decided to take that opportunity to have either alone time or quality time with someone other than our spouse. Edward and Carlisle went for a run together. Emmett and Jasper went the other way with a football to play catch, or at least Emmett's asinine competitive version of catch. Esme wanted some time to herself to watch some back episodes that she had DVR-ed from the DIY channel. Rosalie decided to tune up all of our cars, and Alice (because she made the party pictures posted on Pintrest look like they were decorated by monkeys,) had to clean up the mess from the party. I decided to sit on the stoop in front of our house and ponder all that had happened to me in the last few years. I took a photo album with me so that I could further cement the human memories in my mind. I started with the human memories, taking long moments to savor and really remember how I felt about what happened, all the sights, smells, and sounds of the memory. Some were a struggle, and I made a mental note to ask Charlie or Renee about them to help jog my memory. Then I thought through my relationship with Edward, carefully skimming right past my dark days when Edward was gone. I replayed every kiss in my mind, relishing how he still dazzles me with just a look. Some of the scenes I remembered were rather steamy, and I was glad that Jasper had left. I didn't want him wondering why I was all hot and bothered on the front porch by myself. Finally, I made it to my pregnancy with Renesmee, I remembered the struggle, the fight that I had with my family and my own body to keep my precious daughter alive. Only Rosalie stood by my side. Esme was there as well, supporting my decision, but Rosalie fought to protect my little baby. Edward hated Rosalie for valuing Renesmee's life more highly than mine, but he didn't understand that was the precise reason I chose her. I too valued Renesmee's life more than my own. She was my priceless treasure, and I would have died to save her. I did die to save her. These thoughts were weighing heavily on my mind when I heard Jacob's motorcycle. I thought for a moment that I must be mistaken. Jake was with Renesmee. He wouldn't be on his bike. He never talked with Edward or me about riding with our daughter, yet here he was with Renesmee in front of him, doing sixty-five… on a gravel road! I clenched my teeth angrily, prepared to give him a piece of my mind the instant he stopped. But he didn't stop, not like I expected him to. He cut the wheels sharply and laid the motorcycle on its side, skidding forward (with my daughter, my priceless treasure) until it stopped millimeters from the first step up to the house. I saw red. I didn't care that my daughter giggled in delight and asked him to do it again. I couldn't believe how recklessly Jacob had behaved with her. As soon as he stood to dust his pants, I sprinted over in front of him, grabbed him, and threw him about fifty yards down the driveway. I vaguely remember my daughter trying to get my attention to show me that Jacob was teasing, but I ignored her, directing her to go in the house with Nana and Auntie Alice. I didn't wait to see if she obeyed. I simply ran as fast as I could over to where Jacob stood, laughing. I couldn't believe that he found this remotely funny. I was going to rip his head off. I raised my hand to land my first blow when I heard my name. "Bella, sweetheart." Esme called me. "Why don't you calm down? I see that you're upset, and I understand…" "No." I growled at her, and started to tell her that she couldn't possibly understand, but even in my rage, I knew that she did. "Bella," Esme tried again, this time, her voice was still calm, but it sounded more like an order than before, "You and Edward can discuss this with Jacob once you've gotten control of yourself." "She is MY daughter, and I will decide how to protect her!" I chased Jacob into the forest, as my ire had really frightened him. He sought to put distance between us rather than stick around and see how badly I was going to beat him. He stopped when he realized that he couldn't outrun me. I stalked around him, ready to strike, allowing him to feel fear, as I had felt when I saw him skid with my daughter on the motorcycle. "And you are my daughter." Esme caught up with me and scolded me gently, reminding me of my place. Unfortunately, I ignored her warning, growling at Jacob as I circled him. She continued. "And I will protect you… even from yourself." In my anger I spun toward her and snarled angrily at her, bearing my teeth at my gently mother. "Bella!" She sounded shocked that I would do such a thing. I turned my back on her, knowing she would never attack me. I became singularly focused on my prey, Jacob Black. "Isabella Marie Cullen." She very sternly reprimanded me, calling me by my whole name for the first time ever. "You will quit acting like a child and walk away from Jacob, this instant." I ignored her and crouched down to attack. "You will not attack your best friend." Jacob had his hands up in surrender, trying to placate me, but when I saw him, I thought not of my defenseless, surrendering best friend, but of how he could have killed my daughter. I jumped at him, ready to…, not really kill him, but definitely make him think twice about endangering my daughter. Sooner than I anticipated, I made contact, but it wasn't Jacob who stood in my way. In my rage, I grabbed hold of the arm I saw in front of me and slung its owner out of my way, ripping the arm clean off the body as I threw. I locked eyes with Jacob again and began to walk slowly over to him. The sound of my sobbing mother brought me to my senses. It was like a cold bucket of water thrown on me when I looked down and saw her arm still in my hands. "Oh, no!" I cried as I ran to her. She cringed away from me, probably afraid that I was still enraged. "I-I-I can't believe I did that. Let me help you, Mom." I cried, assuring her of my worried, rather than angry, demeanor. I reattached her arm as she tried to hold in her cries of pain. It looked as if the fear had subsided once she knew I had regained my senses. "Jacob." My voice shook, distressed over my own actions rather than his. "Take Nessie back to our house, and tell Alice and Rosalie…" "Tell them Bella and I need some privacy." Esme finished for me. From the tone of her voice, I could tell that she was still in pain, but I couldn't tell how angry she was with me or even if she hated me for hurting her. "But expect a discussion later about motorcycles and my granddaughter. And if you should see Edward, please keep this incident to yourself." Jacob said nothing, but simply nodded and ran off toward the house. "Mama, I'm…" It sounded so empty to tell her that I was sorry for hurting her. I had already said it once, but it could never make up for the harm I had done to my loving mother who had done nothing but try to help me. "I deserve to be ripped to shreds." "Let's go to the house." She suggested, taking me by the hand with her uninjured hand. "No one is going to rip you to shreds, sweetie." I had no idea what to say or do. I had screwed up in a major way, and now Dad was going to give me the whipping of my existence, if he even allowed me to stay with them. I deserved it. I walked with my head down back to the house in silence, willing to accept whatever Dad saw fit to do to me. Unfortunately, but not entirely out of the ordinary, Emmett and