A/N: This is a one shot for a contest. The contest is about Anti-Bullying, Anti-Suicide and or a Bad Home Life. The idea of it is from sibuna826twihard and the second I knew of it, I wanted to take part. The topic bullying always gets to me , but more information on the end AN. I hope we'll reach some people through this contest and make them open their eyes. And I'm not writing this because I want to win , I'm writing it cause it could be a great possibilty to bring the topic closer to some of you. Forget all the haters, cause somebody loves you - Miley Cyrus Bella's POV Beep. Beep. Beep. I groaned and slammed onto the off button a little too strong. I groggily stood up from my bed and weakly dragged my legs behind me, into the room of my little son. He was still fast asleep in his bed that I bought him from my last savings. We're not the richest people here in Seattle and I try my best to give EJ everything he needs. Many of my so called friends think I'm a terrible mother for giving my child such a terrible life, but they don't know the truth. EJ was everything but planned. As embarrassing it is to admit, a boy I had a huge crush on knocked me up and I got pregnant. He had me believe he loved me too , and was all kind through the whole evening until the next morning when we woke up from our little incident. He immediately left the room saying I wasn't worth his precious time. I shook the thought of him away and looked back to my son. EJ is a healthy little 4 year old and he is by far the best thing that has happened in my life. Although we passed his wake-up time an hour ago, I decided to let him sleep a little more and walked into the bathroom , making me ready for work. Work. My so called hell. I can't say I'm thrilled to go to work. The opposite is actuall my case. I'm working as a cleaner at a huge company for all kind of suits. Since I work at the lowest position, persons with higher position often make fun of me or even bully me. I can't think of something that I've done to them so they got the right to treat me miserable. I couldn't finish school , because of EJ. The father of him didn't pay anything to me more precisely I haven't even seen him since the night in High School. I'm not much bothered , cause my fate has happened to many other womans too and they stayed strong for their child , just like I am for EJ. I need this Job even though just the thought of it makes me sick. I am literally afraid to step on foot in there. ''Momma?'' EJ asked me sleepily from the door. ''Yes sweetheart?" I replied as I washed my face with the cold water. We do have warm water , but only use it to shower. It's way too expensive. "I don't feel good today." EJ said with a low voice. My mother instincts kicked in me and I walked over to him , checking the temperture of his body. He was warm, too warm. "You're definitely going to stay home today. Go rest , I'll come in a bit baby boy." I told him and kissed his forehead. He nodded and weakly walked out of the bathroom. I'm really worried, he's never had a fever before and is rarely sick. I need to call my work so I can stay at home to make sure he's okay. I dialed my boss number and she picked up after the fourth ring. "Good Morning, you're talking to Tanya Denali how can I help you? " Tanya said politely into the phone. "Err..here is Bella. My son is sick so I can't come today." I replied insecure. I heard her snort as she heard my voice. "Well well clumsy Bella needs to to stay home with her silly and oh so stupid son? No. I'm your boss and you're going to come. Understood? Or do you want to lose your precious work?" Tanya said with an evil undertone. I needed to squezze the towel tightly with my free hand to keep my voice calm. I'm not going to get angry. Relax Bella. "No of course not. I understand." "Good. Now get your disgusting butt out of your bed and make an appearence at work." Tanya snapped at me and hung up. Tanya Denali is my personal Devil. She hated me the second I stepped into the building. And not that she just hates me, she told all of her colleagues what a slut I am and that no one should trust me. Her little 'gang' consisting of her, Lauren and Jessica started bulliying me over 2 years ago. The only problem is , Tanya is the secretary of the CEO and very powerful. I on the other hand can do nothing. I can say and do all I want , nobody is going to believe me because of her. I took in a deep calming breath and walked into EJ's room. He was laying down on his bed, reading a superman comic. EJ looked up from his comic as I entered his room. ''Hey Momma. You're staying with me?'' EJ said delightful. I slowly shook my head at him and walked over to his bed. I sat next to him and softly stroked his cheeck. ''No baby boy. I need to go work and since no one is here to look after you, you're coming with me.'' I told him with a sigh. EJ furrowed his eyebrows. ''It's okay momma. I'm a big boy , I can stay on my own.'' EJ told me cheerfully. I chuckeld at him. ''No EJ. You're only 4. Get ready we're leaving in a half an hour.'' I told him serious and stood up. I looked back and saw how he pouted at me. I laughed at him and got myself ready. Since I am only the cleaner, I couldn't choose anything fancy to wear. Not that I have anything. My parents are wealthy and so was I , but they cut off my money as soon as they found out of my pregnancy. My mother Renee is very conventional and sees EJ as a bastard child. Not that I say anything against it, he is a bastard child, but they conceived me at the age of 18, so basically the same case with the exception that they've been married for about a week. I haven't seen them since EJ's birth, they didn't make an affort to see their grandchild. They're ashamed of me just as the rest of the upper society. I opened the fresh brown painted door of my tiny cupboard and searched for suitable clothes. The decision wasn't hard to make so I ended up wearing a pair of blue denim jeans and a plain white shirt. I brushed my long chocolate brown hair back and put on casual sneakers. It's not very comfortable to work in painful high heels. Besides my name is clums Bella, I'd fall the second I put them onn. I walked back to EJ's room and saw him dressing up. He normaly wears casual kids clothes where it doesn't matter if they get dirty. I also bought him buisness clothes in case he comes to my work, like today. He zipped is jacket up and grinned up to me. ''All ready Momma!'' EJ said to me happily. ''You look handsome little one.'' I told him with a smile. ''Let's go.'' I ordered and took his tiny and still warm hand in mine. ''Can you carry me Momma? I'm too weak to walk.'' EJ said with a puppy-look on his face. I laughed at him and gently picked him up. He snuggeld his head closer into my chest and I could feel his skin was burning. I definitely need to bring him to a doctor after work. I walked to my old red chevy truck and got in. The truck was a present from my friends father Billy. He bought a new one and gave me his old truck. Billy is the best friend of my father and unlike my father he doesn't judge me. I put EJ's seat belt on and climbed in at the driver's side. The way wasn't long and we arrived within 15 minutes. I parked in the huge parking lot of the company and got off the car. I was about to walk to EJ's side , but he already unbuckeld his belt and was happily walking towards me. I picked him up again and started walking into the building. We don't have a play area for kids and Tanya can't know of EJ. I don't know what she would do , but she is capable of many cruel things. I walked into my room where all the stuff I need for cleaning was. I knew I'd take EJ someday to my work so I brought some books and toys from home with me. I placed EJ on a seat next to a table. ''Okay EJ it's really important that you listen to me now okay?' I said and he nodded. '' You need to stay here until I'm finished. There is a bathroom at the end of the room and don't be too loud.'' I continued to explain. ''Ok Momma and what if I'm hungry?'' He asked me. ''I'll bring you breakfast and lunch.'' I told him and he nodded again. ''And don't ever leave the room. Mommy will get in trouble otherwise.'' I warned him as I kissed his cheeck. I showed him where he could find all the things and made my way to my first section. I have to clean 2 sections in one hour and the bulding has about 16. It's a painful job , but it's all I got. ''Well if that isn't Bella. Heard your son is sick.? Gave him unhealthy food? Oh wait you can't affort food since you don't have any money. Poor Bella , or no you deserve your miserable life.'' I heard Lauren tease me, Jessica was standing beside her laughing at me. ''Yeah well where is he now? Probably sick at home with no one caring for him. Poor little boy he doesn't deserve such a horrible and bitchy mother.'' Jessica snapped at me. ''No he does. He is from her blood so he's disgusting.'' Lauren told me icely. Their words pained me every single time and I couldn't get used to it. ''You're finshed?'' I said and tried to sound uninterested. ''You heard that Jess? Clumsy Bella tries to be strong.'' Lauren laughed at me , so did Jessica. They walked passed me and kicked the water bucket , that I was cleaning with onto the ground. All the water distributed on the ground and Lauren and Jessica giggeld. ''Ups my fault.'' Jessica giggeld and they walked away. I couldn't stop the tears who where streaming down my face. I fell onto my knee and cried my eyes out. After five minutes, I stood up and wiped away the dry tears from why face. I straightened my head and continued to clean as if nothing has happened. I'm a emotinal wreck, but I need to stay strong for EJ and me. I cleaned for about two more hours until I decided to bring EJ some breakfast. The cafeteria was empty so I picked up an appel, a sandwich and a juice and walked back to my room. I opened the door and entered backwards. ''Hey baby boy, I got some delicious breakfast for you.'' I said grinning at the food. He didn't reply and I looked up. The