Disclaimer: Harry potter characters are not mine, the story on the other hand is pure Linguini… I mean mine. Author note: Everyone is slightly older, so Harry instead of being 14 year old like in the movie or book is actually 16 year old. Krum is in advanced year. Mainly Harry/pansy but Fleur will try to steal Harry. Out of characters for most. Dark Harry, Grey Sirius, Weasley mild bashing. Malfoy is out of the picture. (Died, will explain in a few chapter). Well, i was out of idea for my main fanfict. AND ideas for another fict came by. So instead of forgetting them, i've put them in this story. The black phoenix " Slavic " "English" "Ş Parseltongue Ş" Plot: After Voldemort tried to kill the 3 year old Harry Potter and failed, the boy-who-lived was 'abducted' by his uncle Sirius Black. He learned everything from him, he is not going to follow his father footstep of being the golden boy like his father was. Albus Dumbledore betrayed the Potter by imperiusing* Peter Pettigrew into betraying the Potter in order to get Harry Potter as his weapon against his former student Tom Marvolo Riddle know today as Lord Voldemort. In order to escape Voldemort and Dumbledore, Black adopted Harry James Potter and both went into exile to Romania, Harry Potter went to Durmstrang and Sirius was made a teacher in Transfiguration in the School. Harry James Potter-Black showed great promise, he was very prominent in dark magic and really skilled in Quidditch, he was the rival of Victor Krum. The only thing that made him second was due to his age. Not old enough to join the Romanian National Quidditch team and face Krum Bulgarian team. And his team the Red Dragons were the best from the teams of Eastern Europe. One day came an event that Durmstrang was invited to participate in, the Tri-wizard tournament, the event would occur in Hogwarts. The Director would go, with 2 other teachers, one was Teacher of Dark Arts Anastasia Zhukov and the other was Sirius Black. Both would be replaced during the year. Harry Potter was in his Cabin with his best friend Dragomir Jäger, a Bulgarian from German ascendency. Harry potter was the Seeker, while Dragomir was the captain and chaser of the team. " Damn, I was drafted into this, even though I can't participate " said Harry " Looks at it at the bright side, you get to see some chicks there " teased Dragomir " Yeah, what would say Kristina, if she heard you say that " countered Harry with a smirk " I guess, I would be in deep trouble " said Dragomir with a worried look. " Do you know, why Karkaroff didn't want me in this journey? Not that i wanted to go, but I think so too, that it was a waste of time " said Harry " I'd rather stay and try my luck with Lyudmila and Lydia " " Don't tell me you are going to hit on Viktor sister just to make him angry ?" Said Dragomir " Me? Make Viktor Angry on purpose? Who do you think am i? " asked Harry laughing " Please don't tell me, I've heard that right…" said Krum who just entered the cabin followed by For the time being, the students were chatting and playing cards games. While the adult were focused on what will happen. Karkaroff was upset and worried, the dark mark was hurting again and the dark lord were calling them for a few months now. But it was always a very small call, coming probably from someone of the lower spheres of the Death Eater. Not like today, today it was harsh, painful and the feel was very close to very bad burn. " The dark lord is back or is close to be back " said Karkaroff to Black " I knew bringing Potter was a bad idea " " It has to be done, Karkaroff. If we try to evade faith, things are going to not only complicated but deadlier. My son know the risk " said Sirius who was sitting on chair close to the window. The ocean was beautiful outside, giving the room a rather fantasy but dark aura with the sunlight coming from the surface of the ocean. It would take 1 day for the ship to get to the Hogwarts ground. Things were fishy, news about a dead first year the disappearance of a few students and the news about a basilisk that killed a few muggleborns before it was slain by the Headmaster. With everything that happened, Karkaroff though that the ICW would not set the Tri-wizard event on the England ground but on France instead. Looks like someone was doing some bribery. The following day… The ship was close to the coast of England, they had to evade muggles warships and submarines and they made it to the shore of black lake. It was close to night time, the sky had a tone of orange and light blue, the other school was already here. A group of girls and a giant? " Do they only have women in the Beauxbâtons? " asked a Nikolaï a last year from Ukraine. " The school is cut in two, one for girls and the other for the boys " Said a Boris a last year from Russia. Not long after the Durmstrang delegation just behind the girls from Beauxbâtons were eyeing the old Krum and some were eyeing Harry. The blonde girl was staring at Harry Potter. The boys were not affected by the veela's magical aura like the students of Hogwarts. Thanks to the excellent occlumency teaching of Durmstrang. The great hall was half the size of Durmstrang main hall. The old headmaster was there taking care of the giant lady and the veelas were sitting next to the students who were wearing blue, silver on their school uniform. The Ravenclaw thought Harry. "And now welcome our proud student from Durmstrang and their Director Igor Karkaroff!" Harry walked in front of the group wearing a mask, looking like the death eater mask. He suddenly transformed into a black flame phoenix flying in circle on the center quickly followed by the others doing their wand magic. Harry reappeared out of the black flames wearing his brown fur fourth year uniform. The mask soon after evaporated like it was made of water due to the flames. The student were stunned to see the boy-who-lived, even the Headmaster was stunned. Soon after Victor Krum made his entry followed by the Igor and the teachers. The headmaster was again stunned to see Sirius Black. Before regaining his composure and giving the Durmstrang director a proper welcome. There was lot of whisper about the young boy of Durmstrang, 4 student were staring at him, 2 redhead with a lot of freckles, a messy brown haired girl and another a blonde lady from Beauxbâtons. The Durmstrang students were placed with the Slytherin, Victor Krum sat next to Harry. Some Slytherin were having a conversation with the school student. Only Potter and Krum were not in the mood to talk to the others. Krum was staring at the brown haired girl from the Gryffindor table. While the blonde girl from Beauxbâtons was still staring at Harry. " Harry, I think the French girl has an eye on you " teased Nikolaï " Yeah? I better watch myself then, Veela's can be dangerous " said Harry, he has read that veelas were used as assassins during World War 2. " How do you know, they are veela? " asked Nikolaï " Didn't you feel their aura? They are clearly Veelas or half-veelas " said the young man, he learned that back at history in Durmstrang. World War 2 almost destroyed most of the Slavic wizarding community, it was supposed to be a muggle war, where the wizards would not participate, but the Nazis got the help from school of Black forest 'Schwarzwald' from Austria. After the complete destruction of the rogue school. Durmstrang got the monopoly, not only of the Northern Europe, but of the Eastern Europe as well. The teacher were all eyeing Sirius Black, especially an old lady full of wrinkles who looked furious. While Igor sat next to a teacher named Severus Snape. Dumbledore was still standing in the front of the teachers table waiting for the talking and whispers to stop. "Okay, now that silence is back, we can go back to the main event. The triwizard tournament" Said the Headmaster who was lifting a big golden box to the center using his wand. A man approached the center with his assistant a strange looking man. "Hello, for this…." Before he could continue the magical ceiling got into a storm, stopped by a weird looking man. The newcomer was eyeing everyone and his magical eyes were locked at Harry direction. The young boy felt a chill and a thirst for blood started to boil his veins. This man was dangerous, he could feel it through his guts. The newcomer approached the directors disrupting the magical eye and shake hand with him. "Bloody ceiling" he said, whom the headmaster only replied with a simple thank you. "Like I said, the Triwizard tournament is an event to ensure friendship and the brotherhood through the three schools. Due to the past events in England. The Ministry of Magic concluded, it was wiser to only let the student of seventeen year old and above to participate…" he said but was interrupted by the younger student who were against it "SILENCE!" yelled the Headmaster before inviting the man named Barty Crouch Sr continue. "For this tournament, one student from each school will participate in the tournament. But you must know, once you are chosen, you can't back down. The goblet of fire bind the wizard with a Contract that can't be broken." Finished Barty Crouch Sr "Remember this student will be alone… But later for that. For now, let's start the buffet" said the Headmaster lifting the confusion charms from the tables. Harry ate some chicken with mashed potatoes, he would have liked to get some Icevodka with it, but here the laws were more restrictive. The best he could have was some firewhiskey. After the event, some student from Durmstrang were invited by the Slytherin to some private party in their common room. Victor Krum declined just has Potter did, Krum was courting the brown haired girl who was blushing and said yes to something. Krum came to harry after that. " Yes! I got the pretty English woman there, I thought she was already taken " said Krum enthusiastically " Maybe, Englishmen don't see woman like we do. They like them weak and stupid maybe? " said Harry with a laugh. All of the men in the school were eyeing the pretty witches from Beauxbâtons. Only a very select few student from Durmstrang were caught in the Veela's aura. Harry went into a tour with one of Gryffindor girl, a redhead one. Her name was Ginevra Weasley, Harry wanted just to wander the castle that could have been his home. But the young lady was stubborn to show him the castle and the Gryffindor common room. He was not interested to enter the Lion's den. "Hey, Ginevra. I'm thirsty, do you know where is the kitchen?" asked Harry with a clear Slovak accent. "Yes, I know, but here is some butterbeer if you want" she said taking a bottle out of her pocket. Harry smelled the bottle. He smelled a clear love potion and something else. The lady was stubborn AND determined, he could only show respect, but he didn't want to drink. "I'm not a fan of butterbeer but thank you" said Harry before giving back the bottle. Ginny looked sad but regained her composure quickly taking him to the Astronomy tower but they were intercepted by a