Author Note: Okay, so a new story I've been working on forever! Thanks heaps to Mrs. Bella Masen, my most amazing beta and online friend who made this story so much better than it was! Revelations Chapter 1- Meeting Him Bella POV I smiled with satisfaction as I put up the last picture. I was now officially moved in. Well apart from a few boxes I didn't plan to unpack anytime soon. I was so proud of my little house. It was my first big buy with the money my grandparents had left me. It wasn't huge by any stretch of the imagination but it was mine and perfect. The living room I had painted in a soft blue with a beige corner sofa and matching chaise lounge. The TV was in a build in a storage system and I had put little things everywhere to soften the comfortable room. The kitchen I loved and was the bigger of the two downstairs rooms. It had gorgeous hardwood flooring and white cupboards which contrasted the black work surfacing. There is plenty of storage and I had even put a black gloss table in the room with cream leather chairs. The fittings were all chrome and set the room off perfectly. My bedroom was painted in a light cream with sleek modern furniture and cream carpeting. I had a huge balcony which showed the sun rise, I had even put out some comfy chairs so I could enjoy the view. I loved the house and I loved the fact that it's mine. A trip to the market was definitely needed, my house may be completely unpacked and decorated but I didn't have any food. I had plates of course but you have to have something to eat off them and pizza gets old really fast. I grabbed my things, locked up the house, and walked out to my brand new Blue Volvo SUV. I settled into the soft leather seat, buckled up and headed for the market I had passed earlier today. An hour and a few hundred dollars later I had enough food to feed an army. I made quick work of unloading the cart and started the drive back home. When I got there I reversed into the drive and made hasty trips inside to have everything unloaded faster. When I walked out to grab the last little bit there was a guy leaning against my car. A really attractive guy to say the least. "May I help you?" I asked politely. "Hi I'm your neighbor. Edward." He said holding his hand out to me. "Oh hi I'm Bella." I replied softly sliding my hand into his large warm one. "I bought cookies. I'd like to say I made them but my mother did." He laughed. I laughed back and accepted the tupperwear dish from him. "Thanks." I said tucking my hair behind my ear. He smiled and leaned back against the car. "Are you unpacked yet?" he asked. "Pretty much. I was just out getting food. I can't keep eating pizza and Chinese." I said. "Yeah it gets a little repetitive after a while." He agreed, "Well if you need anything I'm just next door. Feel free to ask." He said with a smile. "I will thanks." I said with a smile. He nodded and pushed off my car, walking back to his house. I put the dish inside one of the bags, locked the car, grabbed the last little bit, and shut the door. I unpacked the groceries in record time and ended up ordering pizza because I was too tired to cook. One more night of pizza wouldn't kill me. I started work in a weeks' time. I was the new kindergarten teacher for the local school when summer ended. I received plenty of offers from other schools but I wanted to move somewhere sunny, that's how I ended up here in California. At the age of twenty-eight I needed to get away from everything I knew and was stuck in, so the move from Washington was a great idea. I went to bed early, tired from a day's work of unpacking. The next day I decided to go shopping. My clothes aren't really summer appropriate and I needed lighter clothes. Once I was dressed, I had a quick breakfast and then locked up going out to the car. "Hey Bella." A masculine voice called. I turned and saw Edward leaning on the fence between our drives. "Hey Edward, going out?" I asked. "No, just getting in actually. I've just got off a night shift, one of my last thankfully." He said tiredly. "What do you do?" I asked. "I'm a Pediatrician. I work at County at the moment. I've recently bought into a private practice and I start next week. I just had to finish out my time so I wouldn't breach my contract." He said, resting his arms on the fence and his chin on his arms. "Does that mean better hours?" "Yeah it's a normal nine to five type thing. Obviously there may be a few unusual situations but for the most part it will be more normal. What do you do?" "I'm the new kindergarten teacher. I teach the kids you look after." I said. "So you start work next week huh?" he asked. "Yep, next week." I replied, "I'm going out to get supplies and some more summer friendly clothing." I said leaning back onto my car. "Well you might want to go check out my sister's boutique Pixie's Clothes . It's on Main Street just take a left at the third traffic light and you'll see it on the right." "Thanks. I'll go have a look." I said with a smile. "You do that. I'm going to bed. I'm sure I'll see you later." He said with a smile. "Have a nice sleep Edward." I said softly. He smiled and waved before ducking inside. I climbed into the car and set off, following the directions Edward had mentioned. I pulled up outside and parked in the little parking lot right next to the store before grabbing my purse and wandering inside. "Hi there, welcome to Pixie's Clothes , my name is Alice." A short girl with dark hair and the same green eyes as Edward said brightly. "Hi Alice, I'm Bella. Your brother recommended I come here." I said. "You know my brother? Edward?" "Yeah I'm his new neighbor." I told her. "Oh I didn't know anyone had moved in?" "I only moved yesterday." I said. "Well what can I help you with?" "I just moved here from Seattle and my wardrobe is only fit for a cold rainy climate. So, I need to buy a whole new wardrobe." Okay, you can buy some of the stuff here but you'll have to go to the mall to get the rest. I don't carry undergarments or jeans. I can help you if you like. I can use a trip to the mall." "I would love the help. Thank you." "This will be so much fun." she said bouncing over to grab an empty rail. She chattered at a million miles a minute while searching through the clothes on the aisles. She grabbed a load of things in my size and hung them on the rail while we walked around the store. We chatted about everything and anything we could. She seemed to be in her element and we made sure to get enough of everything. Cute tops, trousers, skirts, dresses, cardigans, shoes and bags. "We need more than this but we can get that stuff at the mall," She said as she hit a few things into the register. The total seemed to be under what it should but as I opened my mouth to question it Alice shot me a look and I shut up, opting instead to hand Alice my Amex. She quickly swiped my card, handed me a receipt to sign, and gave me back my card. "Instead of folding it all why don't we just hang it in your car. It will make it easier when you get home." she said as she put the shoes and bags in reusable bags. "Okay my car is in the parking lot next door." I said. She nodded, wheeled the rail outside, and I opened the back. There was a hook on both sides of the door and we started hanging things. Anything we couldn't fit we laid out neatly on the floor "Give me a minute to lock up then we can go," She said. I nodded as she hurried back into the store to lock up while I put the bags in the back seat. I slid into the driver's side, cranked the car, and waited for Alice. She came bouncing out a few moments later sliding into the passenger's seat. "Now, we can go." She said pulling her seatbelt on. "Okay then." I laughed. We set off and Alice directed me to the mall and I parked up as close as I could to the door. We got out and Alice led me inside and straight into American eagle. "We can get some awesome jeans from here." she said happily. We wandered around and got different styles in different shades. I tried them all on and once I was happy with them I bought them. We moved on and the next store we went too was Hollister and they had some really cute tops that I thought would be good for work. We bought a load and then carried on shopping. Two hours later I was exhausted and we were done. Thankfully, I had everything I could ever need. "Thanks for this Alice." I said as we sipped our milkshakes. We had stopped at shaken cow milkshakes on the way back to the car. "No need to thank me. I needed this trip just as much as you did." she said as we put our stuff into the backseat and climbed inside the car. I dropped Alice off at her shop before heading to Staples to grab the supplies I needed for my classroom. I made quick working grabbing what I needed and I actually spent less than what I thought. After I loaded everything up carefully avoiding my new clothes I started the drive back home. I pulled into my driveway thirty minutes later and tiredly put the car in park. "Hey neighbor." A cheery voice called. "Hey Edward." I replied. "You look tired." he stated. "Your sisters fault. We shopped a lot." "Wait that's what you're getting in from?" he asked shocked. "You left like 6 hours ago." "I know. I think I need a bath and bed." I said and he laughed. "Do you need help getting stuff in?" He asked. "Please." replied. He smiled and walked round the fence. "There is stuff in the back seat and in the very back." I said. He nodded and walked around to the back. I unlocked the door and we worked together to unload everything. "Just put it all in the kitchen. I need to sort through it anyway." I said leading him. "Will do." He said. We unloaded everything and I offered him a drink. I pulled out two cans of coke and handed him one. "Thanks. So what are your plans for dinner tonight?" "I dunno. I'm too tired to cook. Takeout again I guess." "Why don't you come over and have dinner with me." He offered. "You sure?" "Yeah. Come in an hour. Is lasagna okay?" "I love lasagna," I said with a smile. "Good." "I'll bring the wine." I promised. "I'll see you soon." He said with a smile. I showed him out and then put away all of my shopping into the walk in closet. I changed out of my jeans and into some black leggings, a bright pink silk vest top, and some back flats. I grabbed my phone, keys, and