Chapter One: Someone is going to pay for this... If someone ever told me that there was another world, and that there were actual ways to get there, I would have immediately told them to go back to their padded white rooms and strait jackets. But, now that I am actually IN another world, it leads me to believe that I am the crazy one. That's something that I don't doubt at all. Who the hell else would jumps off of a twenty-foot high bridge just to save a precious family heirloom? Certainly not me . . . what? Fine, so what if I did? I really liked that necklace, and my father would have KEELED me if I lost it. Literally. So now, here I am. Lost. Utterly and completely lost. I certainly am not in Toronto anymore. I think I would have remembered this huge freaking forest here. Meh . . . I think I should introduce myself and probably tell you about how I found myself to be in this situation. Hi, my name is Elizabeth L. Johnston. I prefer to be called Beth, or Lizzie, but you can go by whatever the hell floats your boat. Ain't gonna bother me none. The day started off completely and utterly normal. I woke up, fell out of bed, had a shower, tripped downstairs, ate some pretty much burnt toast, and went to work at the Diner. My boss yelled at me, my ass got pinched, my hand got busted up from punching said ass-pincher, and I went to the "hospital" as I like to call it. My friend Marie, a nurse in training, always tells me to go to her first when I get banged up, or something of the like, so I called her apartment my own personal hospital. She was an amazing women; ten years my senior, as I was only twenty-one. She was tall and elegant; extremely beautiful, amazing voice. And, she was a lesbian. I smile at the irony of it; she was the type of women that all the guys dream about, but she was a lesbian. Oh well, at least I would never have to worry about some oaf of a man stealing away my best friend. The day was more or less the same as every other day. I started thinking about my life as Marie cleaned off my hand with peroxide; which from all the times I got cuts and bruises I've become oblivious to the stinging sensation. "I hope you got that asshole good." Marie grumbled. "Yeah, I sure did. Knocked him the hell out, and nearly lost my job. Maybe next time, I'll knock him harder and Mike will finally fire me." I laughed, sweeping my good hand through my short and spiky black hair. She flicked me on the ear, "Don't be a dumbass Lizzie, you NEED that job. You need the money." I sighed, "Yeah, yeah; I know. I just really hate that man." She liberally wrapped up my hand with gauze and tied it off; she leaned back in her chair and combed her fingers through her long golden, wavy hair, playing with strands of it. "Well, since I don't have to work for the rest of the day, do you wanna go to the park?" I asked her. "Sorry, I can't. I've got training tonight. Speaking of which, I should be getting ready for!" She got up and walked me to the door. "Ah, it's okay." I grabbed my leather jacket from the rack on the wall, "I'll see you tomorrow at lunch?" "It's a date." She laughed. "Sorry Marie, no matter how much of a jerk they can be, I still have not stopped liking the thing we like to call MEN." "I shall corrupt you one of these days! I swear it!" she giggled maniacally and I found myself laughing my ass off too. I walked home to my apartment that was only three blocks away. I changed out of my work clothes and into my regular attire; black jeans, a charcoal grey t-shirt that said "ROCKSTAR" on it, and my black and white striped arm warmers. If you haven't guessed it by now, I'm one of those punk-ass kids you see at the smoking corner. Hell yes, I party, I skateboard, I snowboard, but I don't do drugs, smoke, or drink alcohol. Nope, not with parents like mine; the ones that would kill you if they found out you did drugs, or interrogate you mercilessly when you come home with the faintest smell of cigarette on you. I'm a hell of a lot smarter than that! I've got my college education and whatever else you would need to succeed in life. Yet . . . I work at a Diner. Life is very strange sometimes. Sorry, I got off track there. I gathered up my kitbag - or as some would call it, a messenger bag – that was covered in buttons and stickers that I had collected over the years, and filled it up with some fruits and stuff that I could eat when I got to the park. I also grabbed my MP3 and a couple of batteries too, just in case I got bored, or a bunch of girlie teenagers decided to take a trip to the park today and I wanted to block their annoying giggles out. And then I was gone out the door, making sure to lock it, and then made my way to the park. The park was quiet, only containing a few joggers or couples on a bench. I found a tree and sat under it, taking out a banana from my kitbag and munching away on that. Other than that, I just relaxed in the sun; soaking up its happy rays. When looking back, I think I closed my eyes for about a minute. I was thinking about a song – it might have been country – and when I opened my eyes, the park was gone. In its place, was this huge forest, in which I have been wandering in for about an hour, maybe two? I've tripped on roots and other shrubbery about twenty times, cursed about a hundred times when I received a cut or scrape from my clumsiness, and almost fell into a river. "Ah nature, you may be beautiful, but I hate you so much right now." I glared at the tree that I sat next to, and then scooted away from it. Stupid tree. Stupid nature, stupid everything! Where the hell I ended up, I have no sweet clue, but if someone doesn't find me soon, I'm going to go ballistic! I haven't seen so many trees in my entire life, and for a brief moment, I don't really regret that fact. But then again, fewer trees in our world add to the growing threat of Global Warming; something I'm not really fond of. In fact . . . I should be more appreciative of these trees, as they are basically the reason we can breath- I hissed sharply when I tripped over another tree root. Then again . . . I sat up and looked at the damage. Everything seemed to be fine, no cuts or anything, so I got up and brushed off the dirt and leaves that stuck to my clothes. I went to step and immediately fell back down hissing in pain. "Oh for FUCK sakes!" Isn't nature bloody-fucking wonderful? "Stupid, stupid! Oh if I ever find out who the hell did this to me I'm going to make them beg for mercy and wish they were never BORN!" Oh yeah, I was definitely not a happy camper. My clothes were torn and shredded, similar to my skin as well; which bared many scratches and scrapes from the rugged terrain. I was lugging myself along, using a large stick to support my weight. I had taken off my boot, in fear of not being able to get it off later if my ankle began to swell, which it did. I knocked as much dirt off of it as I could and put it in my kitbag, underneath the remaining food in there, which wasn't much; two apples, a pear, and an orange. Oh yes, I was pretty much doomed if I didn't find civilization soon. This forest is starting to get awfully dark and creepy, probably my imagination, and the air was pretty humid. The forest was so thick that the air was trapped in it, and I was starting to find it hard to breath. I sat down with the help of a nearby tree, propping up my foot with my kitbag. It was then that I felt a strange feeling grow in my chest. It took a few minutes to realize that it was the feeling that you get when you need to cry. I don't like crying. A strangled sob escaped from my lips. On second thought, I think I am going to cry. Screw my pride. I wrapped my arms around my stomach and the feeling grew and grew, until the dam finally burst. I began sobbing, pretty much uncontrollably. I was frustrated that I was crying, but that made me only cry harder. It's only been four hours at the least, and I've already started cracking . . . go me. It's now night time, I think. It's hard to tell in this forest. I was now glad that the forest was still warm, or else I would probably be freezing right now. My ankle is still swollen, and there are angry purple bruises around it where the root twisted it. Not a pretty sight, I can tell you that. In fact, I'm probably not a pretty sight myself. As for my food supply, I now have one apple, a pear, and the orange left. Oh joy. "Someone is most definitely going to pay for this." " Well, what do we have here? A human? Lost and alone in the forest of Valinor." "What? Who's there? Come on out and show yourself!" I growled out threateningly. There was a giggle, soft and melodious, and a chuckle, deep and throaty. Two figures appeared in the clearing from the darkness. I jumped to my feet and wielded my walking stick as a weapon. They came closer, but I jabbed the branch at them. "Don't! Don't come any closer!" " You have nothing to fear, child. We only wish to help you and mend your wounds." There was a silence as I contemplated the dangers of letting these strange people near me. For one, they were all glowy and stuff. They literally exuded light! And, they did not show their faces, and they haven't even told me their names; not exactly trustworthy actions. "Well, who are you?" I asked, "And come on, what's with the hoods? You can take them off, ya know." There was another moment of chuckles, and then they both swept off their hoods. I unabashedly stared in awe. These were some beautiful people here. The male, who was tall and exuded a great physical strength, nodded his head in greeting. " I am known as Tulkas, Champion of Valinor. This is my wife, Nessa the Dancer." "Riiight. Well, seeing as you two are the first human beings I've encountered, I'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt. Go ahead; mend away! My name is Elizabeth Johnston, by the way. I don't have any fancy titles like you two, but – sorry, I'm rambling." The two laughed merrily and approached me. I jumped when Tulkas picked me up bridal style. "When you said mending, this is not exactly what I had in mind." " Dear child, we must take you back to where the medical supplies are. It is not every day that we run into a human in Valinor who is injured so greatly. We do not carry supplies-" "Alright, I get it. It