In the society of today, the majority of people survive and rely on one thing: technology. No-one can deny that one true fact. But, there are some who live without it. Mainly known as the "Tree-Huggers" this small group of people live with Nature, and are blessed with healthy, long-lived lives. They are granted with Nature's Blessing, and in return, they become servants of Nature. This is the tale of one such servant. A man in the eyes of one's such as yourself, but merely a child in Mother Nature's eyes. There is another world, one that is hidden in the shadow of Earth with an ancient magic since the Dawn of Time. There, the God's still rule; Arda, it is called. In grievous times, the Gods of Arda, the Valar, have come to ask a favour of Earth's Lord and Saviour. He grants their request, and with the help of Mother Nature, he fulfills it. It was a cool spring day, the birds of the forest twittered in delight, singing beautiful melodies to one another. Squirrels chased each other up and down a tall, old oak tree, mindful of a young man lying against the tree, reading a novel. He had been there in the past, everyday, never doing anything other than daydreaming, reading, or sleeping away the afternoon. The animals had grown used to his presence, and began to expect it, as he would more often than not bring food, always offering to share it. The birds floated down to him, landing on his shoulder and nipping his ear affectionately, eliciting a soft chuckle. He reached a pale hand into a kitbag he carried and pulled out a bag of different kinds of seeds. "Dig in guys, there is plenty more where that came from." he spoke softly, in a kind and gentle voice. The birds chirped merrily as they ate out of his hand filled with the seeds they considered a delicacy. They ate their fill, only succeeding in emptying one of the many bags of seed in the teen's kitbag. He opened another pouch, pulling out a book to begin reading. "Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring -- I think it'll be a good read, what about you guys?" he asked, his gentle laughter bringing out a sparkle behind his fair blue eyes curtained by dirty blonde hair. One of the black-capped chickadee's hopped onto the wrist that he was holding the book in. It pecked the book lightly a few times, and then flapped its wings in approval. He smiled, snuggling into the trunk of the old oak, settling in for a good read. The birds flew off, leaving him to read on, and let his great imagination take him on the greatest quest of a lifetime. Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky, Seven for the Dwarf-lords in their halls of stone Nine for Mortal Men doomed to die, One for the Dark Lord on his Dark Throne In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie. One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie. The poem echoed in his head as he read the prologue, becoming so loud that he closed the book in frustration. He rubbed his eyes, taking in a few deep breaths. He opened the book again, becoming shocked that there was no longer any text. He closed and reopened it several times, but none of the ink that was previously there, came back. "Well so much for that, all I get is an annoying poem stuck in my head, and a blank book that means nothing." He set it down and rubbed at his temples. "Not even worth the trouble of getting it." He picked up his kitbag and rearranged it to make a suitable pillow; he lay his head down, falling asleep quickly. The empty book glowed faintly, before opening without any aide. A date appeared on the top corner of the page, and more writing began to appear. You wish for an adventure, for an escape away from the harsh society of your world. Only if you really wish so, will it be granted to you. There are two paths you must choose from. Tread carefully, for one path will invoke many dangers, many betrayals, and much heartbreak. The other will be no less dangerous, but with the love and friendship you find, it will be much easier to travel. Choose now, Son of neither Darkness, nor Light. What do you desire; to stay, or to escape? And in his sleep, his answer came easily, "I choose . . . . Escape." The peaceful sleep left him feeling refreshed and energized. The air smelled cleaner, the sunlight felt warmer, and all was good. The birds sang a different tune, one the teen of 19 years did not recognize. He opened his blue eyes which held a great curiosity. Others would be confused to wake up in a forest that they had not fell asleep in, but this young man stayed calm. He sat up and looked around at his surrounding's, his eyes giving away none of the inner turmoil in his heart. He knew that this forest was not his own, yet he felt no reason to panic. He stood, hefting his kitbag over his shoulder, and picking up the empty book, which now held no title. He opened it, flipping through the wordless pages. He stopped when writing began to appear. Head North-west to a mountain cave, there you will find what you will need to survive. You will find with you a sword and scabbard, a small round shield, a bow and quiver of arrows, and a travelling cloak. Take great care, this world can be a most dangerous place to those who are foolish enough to think that they are safe. Stay off the road, and do not trust anyone who does not earn it and you will be Safe. Go now, the Valar will guide and protect you. He closed the book and looked around for the items that the book stated. He found them propped up against the old oak he had slept by. Taking in a deep, shuddering breath, he took the sword that was in its scabbard and attached it to his belt. He grabbed the dark green cloak, and swung it around on his back, attaching it with a broach that was in the shape of a wolf. "This has got to be the oddest dream, I have ever had." he said to himself, "But I think I am going to like it." He picked up the two-feet in diameter shield, and strapped it to his arm. He laughed at himself, thinking how foolish he must have looked. He strapped the quiver of arrows to his back, and held the bow in his left hand. His father had taught him survival lessons when he was young, and they were a second nature to him now. "The Wild is an unforgiving place my boy; you can die in a second if you take your guard down. Nature gifts those who earn it, who respect it. Respect Nature and you will be safe." His father's words had always confused him. From what he knew, Nature was an unforgivable force, and respect was not going to change that. But, his father had drilled it into him to respect Nature, and respect Nature he did. He grew attuned to Nature, and animals all around were not afraid of him, or dangerous to him. He looked to the sky, to gather his bearings, and found that the North-west was to his left. He grabbed his kitbag again, and then took his first step in the journey of his life-time. The walk to the cave was a long one, lasting far into the evening. The setting sun set the sky ablaze with colours of red and orange. He climbed up onto a rock to check out his surroundings. There was a small river to the North, about a ten minute walk from the cave. To the West, as far as he could see, were mountains. The Southern and Eastern areas were all forest. He cocked an arrow on his bow, then quietly and cautiously, he made his way over to the cave. He sniffed the air, looking for the familiar scent of wet fur. He was absolutely not planning on intruding on a bear den, no matter how important whatever was in that cave was. He picked up a rock in the entrance of the cave and tossed it in lightly, then listened for movement. There was something, a scratching, and a whimpering noise. He whistled, and in return, he heard a little yip. Whatever was in the cave, was a canine. He took a few steps in, letting his eyes slowly adjust to the darkness. He could see movement at the back of the cave, small shadows bounced around on the walls. "Hey there," he whistled, and more yips sounded and he lowered his bow and put away the arrow, "Come here little guys. Come on!" The scampering of tiny paws came closer, and he held out a hand for the curious noses to sniff. Three cold noses skimmed over his hand. "Where is your mother, young ones?" He asked in a calm and melodious voice. The three pups bounded away, and he followed them with care, not wishing to step on them. His eyes were accustomed to the dark now, and he could make out the vague shape of a huge mass of fur. He gasped, coming to the surprising conclusion. "So that's your Mum, eh?" He stopped went he caught the scent of blood, "Oh no. . ." The mother's side was covered in blood, but her laboured breath's could still be heard. He looked in his kitbag for his handy little flashlight that charged when shook. After a few seconds of searching, he found it, charged it, and then turned it on to see the damage. It was not a gory sight, and was only a knife wound, but it was a deep one. He looked again in his bag for anything that he could stop the bleeding with, if only for a little while. The name-less book was glowing again, and he went to grab it. It was warm, with a calm feeling to it; and he felt that warm feeling wrap around his right hand and up his arm, leaving a red-coloured design in its wake. It opened again, and more writing began to appear. "The Gift of the Healing Aura is one of the many You will acquire on your journey. Use it Wisely, for it takes a great deal of Energy to use it successfully. Concentrate on the cut mending itself at a slow, but steady pace. Too fast, and it will cause a great pain to the Silver One." He looked at the warm, red-coloured designs, rolling up his sleeve to the elbows where they stopped. The designs were smooth, and cool to the touch; the curves were gentle, and they glowed faintly. He kneeled down by the huge mass of silver fur, and laid his hand gently overtop the wound. He closed his eyes, and pictured the cut slowly closing, as if it was being stitched shut from the inside, out. Remembering the feeling of getting blood drawn from his arm at a doctor's appointment, he found it was very similar to the feeling of healing the cut. His vision grew bleary, and once the cut was fully healed, he collapsed onto the warm mass, slipping into a deep re-energizing sleep. "Wake up child." He groaned, breathing in deeply, capturing the musky scent of fur, with the tangy smell of blood. He opened his eyes, only to gaze into golden eyes. He froze, but then he remembered