A Light from the Ashes Author's Note: Hello, this is Silvan Arrow! Gosh, it's been over a year since I published anything on this site, and now I'm finally taking my second shot at writing a multi-chapter LOTR fic. I am trying to keep my writing style (the dialogue in particular) and OCs within the overall LOTR mood. This fic also incorporates a lot of elements from the Inheritance trilogy (Eragon and Eldest) by Christopher Paolini. I know I am taking some serious artistic liberty in this fic that some of you may not think agrees with the overall LOTR canon, but please realize that I write foremost for enjoyment and have been wanting to write this particular story for a long time. It's just that now I finally have enough inspiration to start it. I hope you enjoy it, and I promise I'll keep my author's notes shorter in the future. Disclaimer: I do not own LOTR or any of its characters. They are solely the property of J.R.R. Tolkien. I just own my OCs. Chapter 1: From Life to Ashes An angry crimson sun rose over the horizon of Rohan, bathing the skies of the Westfold in hues of red, orange, and yellow, casting an almost unearthly glow upon the rocky, rolling plains. No sound broke the uneasy silence of this cold dawn save the rhythmic galloping of horses' hooves. A small company of ten horsemen rode through this foreboding wilderness, patrolling the area to make sure their small village was safe from the wild men of Dunland. Almost without warning, the horse belonging to the leader of this band faltered in her gait, sidestepping and snorting uneasily, relaying her sudden unease to her master. The man reined in the chestnut mare and patted her neck reassuringly, trying to soothe her while at the same time scanning the immediate area to try and pinpoint the source of her distress. A chilly breeze blew past, rustling the long blond hair that peeked out from underneath the man's helmet, while a bushy mustache and beard adorned his face. The men following him halted their mounts as well. One called out, "My lord Halmar, why have we stopped?" The man, now known as Halmar, replied in a hushed tone, "The horses are uneasy. We must tread carefully." He then called in a more commanding tone, "Spread out and survey the surrounding area, but be on your guard." The horsemen fanned out without a moment's hesitation in obedience to their captain's commands. Halmar, on the other hand, continued forward at a slow walk, taking his time in observing the area. Suddenly a cry rose up to his left. "My lord! Over here!" Heeding the urgency of the call, Halmar spurred his mare into a gallop, cresting the hill where his subordinate waited for him. He followed the man's gaze downward, and his heart caught in his throat at the horrific sight that awaited him. Ten mangled bodies of what appeared to be men and women lay strewn across the grass, surrounded by at least two dozen corpses of hideous black orcs. As the rest of his men gathered around, Halmar dismounted so he could get a closer look at the carnage. Shards of steel from broken swords, remnants of shattered shields, and pieces of armor littered the area, stained with the black blood of the orcs and the crimson blood of their unfortunate victims. Now that he was seeing them up close, Halmar had to admit that these men certainly did not dress in attire normally associated with either Rohan or Gondor. Their armor in particular held a certain air of elegance, as did the remnants of their swords. However, he quickly solved this mystery upon seeing the pointy ears belonging to a body that had lost his helmet during the fight. "Elves…" Halmar breathed in disbelief. A nearby soldier looked to Halmar in disbelief. "Elves, you say?" he asked. The man looked back to the bodies and could only nod wordless consent with his captain's statement. The rest of the men began to murmur nervously amongst each other as they also picked through the wreckage, trying to find any clues to explain the circumstances behind this tragedy. "This is a dark day indeed…" "What would elves be doing all the way out here in Rohan?" "To think that so many orcs would attack at once!" "What fell deed does this incident prophecy for Rohan? What hope do we have if the orcs are rising up again?" The sight of these orcs was indeed a troubling omen. Rohan, along with most of the Free Countries, had enjoyed relative peace since the fall of Sauron at the end of the Second Age, with orc sighting few and far between. In his decade of service as a captain of Rohan, Halmar had never seen orcs gathered in such great numbers and briefly entertained the thought that a shadow was once again beginning to gather the forces of evil from the distant corners of Middle Earth. A faint sound reached Halmar's ears even over the din of his men's mutterings. His pace quickened as he followed the sound to the corpse of one of the fallen elves. The body was lying on its stomach in an awkward position. Crouching down, Halmar carefully turned the body over to reveal an infant elf wrapped in a dirty blanket, crying miserably. For a brief moment, Halmar was speechless. Seeing elves outside of their realms was rare enough, but finding one so young was rarer still. His instincts took over as he carefully picked up the infant and cradled it in his arms to stop it from crying. He glanced over at the body he had flipped; the helmet had fallen off, revealed the long hair and face of a she-elf. A brief shiver ran down his spine at the sight of the corpse's eyes staring back at him. Even in death, the she elf seemed to be able to pierce his flesh with her gaze. 'The mother must have sacrificed herself so her child could survive,' Halmar mused. A quick once-over told him two things: that the child was unharmed and that it was a girl. He reached out with one hand and closed the mother's eyes, paying respect to her bravery in the only manner he knew. Halmar stood up, still cradling the infant, and turned around to find his men gathered a few yards behind him, obviously curious as to what he had found. Needless to say, finding an infant she-elf was about the last thing they had expected. Surprisingly enough, the child had stopped crying by this point and was looking around at her rescuers, revealing eyes the color of emeralds. A few tufts of black hair covered her scalp, making no effort to conceal her pointed ears. "What shall we do about the child, my lord?" one of the men asked. "We cannot just leave her here." "And we won't," Halmar stated with conviction. "We must make for the village with all speed." He then looked down at the infant and continued in a gentler tone, allowing a small smile to creep onto his lips, "As for the child, I shall take her home with me. My wife and I have wanted children for a long time. Maybe this little one is the answer to our prayers." Fingers of darkness were creeping into the sky by the time the horsemen returned to their small village, which was little more than a cluster of small, thatched-roof houses with a few buildings that contained the smithy and trading stalls. Halmar's wife Janice rushed out of their house to greet him as he carefully dismounted from his horse, using one arm to hold the elf child, who had fallen asleep during the ride, securely against his chest. "My goodness, Halmar, how in the world did you manage to find her in the middle of the wilderness?" Janice asked in disbelief, taking the child so Halmar could remove his helmet. Unlike her husband, Janice had light brown hair that reached down to her mid-back and was swept back into a thick braid. "She was the only survivor of her traveling party. They were overtaken by orcs. Janice…she's an elf." "An elf?" Janice exclaimed in disbelief. A quick glance at the infant's pointed ears confirmed her race. "Well, how about that." Just then, the infant opened her eyes and stared curiously at the woman through her bright green eyes. A warm smile dominated Janice's face as her motherly instincts kicked in at the sight of this helpless infant. "Look at her, Halmar. Isn't she beautiful?" "Indeed she is," Halmar replied with a smile. "What do you think? Shall we keep her?" he asked, already knowing the answer. "Well of course we're keeping her!" Janice gently rocked the infant in her arms, smiling down at the child's innocent face. "Now then, she will need a name." She thought for a moment. "How about…Elendyne? Sounds rather elvish, don't you think?" "It's a wonderful name, dear," Halmar replied, wrapping an arm around his wife's shoulders and gazing fondly at their new daughter. "Welcome to our family, Elendyne." Twenty five years passed, and Elendyne grew quickly from a tiny, helpless infant into a tall, fair being, as was typical of her race. She towered over the women in the village and stood nearly as tall as the men. Her raven-colored hair now hung down a few inches below her shoulder, which contrasted sharply against her pale, fair skin. Her high cheekbones and pointed ears served to further confirm her identity as one of the Firstborn. It was the beginning of another spring day in the village, with the sun shining brightly in a clear blue sky over the plains of Rohan and kissing the landscape with her warmth. After helping her adoptive mother clean the house and prepare breakfast, Elendyne made her way down the worn dirt path running through the middle of the village. She spent most of her days in the village's stable, taking care of the horses that belonged to the soldiers. Her sword clinked in its scabbard to the rhythm of her steps. The sword had been a gift from Halmar. She had expressed interest in swordplay at a young age after watching her adoptive father leave the village for routine patrols. He had found it a rather odd fascination at first but had taught her the basics nonetheless. As she walked, Elendyne let her eyes roam over the villagers that were just leaving their houses to tend to their fields. A few of the women flashed her kind smiles, which Elendyne gratefully returned, along with a courteous nod of her head. A couple of young boys were play fighting with wooden swords near the stable. They both stopped when they saw Elendyne approaching and regarded her with wary eyes. One of them called out, "Hey, lady, why are your ears so pointy?" His friend cuffed him on the head and replied, "Don't you know anything? It's because she's an elf!" "An elf?" the first boy asked, as if to make sure he had heard correctly. He then turned to Elendyne, who had stopped in front of the boys, and asked, "Well, what are you doin' with humans? Shouldn't you be in a forest singin' or somethin'?" "Yeah, why don't you just go back to where ya came from!" his companion added. Elendyne did not answer them but simply lowered her eyes and entered the stable, where some of the stable hands were already busying themselves with their morning duties. She walked over to the stall that housed her father's horse. The old chestnut mare came over and gently nuzzled Elendyne's hand, begging to be petted. She reached up and scratched the horse behind her ears and whispered, "At least you don't care about the shape of my ears, right?" The mare simply nickered in response. Her parents had