new beginning nameless p.o.v everything was dark.I couldn't see,hear,feel or smell anything and the bad part was I didn't know way or how I was alive. feeling stated crawling though my...will what am I. "you are safe. you will get what I call, Sense."the voice was heavenly and came from everywhere and nowhere at once. I try to find something anything, but they as only darkness. I really...hate this. Is hate the word I wanted to use? what are word? "you will be overloaded in 3 second OK." wait what going on. 3, stop I don't understand. without warning thing stated flood my mind words,smell,sounds, feeling, knowledge. I open my eyes to a bright lights and a woman face. " good morning." I try to move but I was tie to a chair, the woman sat in a chair on the other side of a round table."I would led you go, but you would run for a door and they not a door in this room." first, she didn't finish the count down, second, looking around she was right. third, what will I do next? "before I let you talk, I'll say what you need to hear." she stop to let it all sink in. I node somehow know that was the correct repents."OK,so far you are the first that I haven't had to kill." that made me jump in my chair."It OK, first my name is chaos. I have made you to help me hide something vary important. second, you will understand thing most beings are not aloud to know. third, and most important is that I am grounded." I didn't know a signal word she as saying, but I know I didn't what to be kill. then there as a flash of light and three woman standing in the white room. the new girls spoke at the same time."Chaos what are you doing?" they said in rage."mind your business fates, the thing I made didn't do anything."that made seem even more mad I thing."Chaos,you fool you will lose control of him." I watch as the females gone back and forth. the walls cracking with each word chaos said." your the fools if you thing I will lose control of my creation." it was funny, to the fates."With the power you are a about to give him,he will overtime and when that happen we will not be able to stop him if he decide to help or not. your patents and brother will be vary disappointed." "IT funny you three should know what happens in a person live but you don't know about this thing I made." the fact I was being call a thing just wasn't right and that as making me mad."YOU NEED TO LERVE RIGHT NOW." chaos said for and her loudest voice making the walls break like glass. I didn't know what I was seeing I thing it call space with stars and plants. the fates gave one last look at me and chaos before flashing out."great thinks to them I have even less time to tell you who and what you are." she move her hand to show two vary different looking swords that were cross like a x. one as black with four stones red,blue,white and gold. the other was white with four stones red,blue,black and gold "these are the swords of power, I'm giving them to you only to hold."I node my head only thinking of the two weapons in her hands." And when you go to earth. you will meet your wife and kids." what,wife?Kids?"that right, you have a wife and four kids one for each stone. the fifth stone the gold one is for you child sorry, you can only have one. "that not fair, that what I wanted to say but again I had no mouth."your wife name is Michelle and they is Caesar,Pearl,Justice and order. you will meet them when you help Zeus become a god. that's all I can and will tell you. also you have powers that you'll need to find out for yourself..sorry." she kick the the table that hit the choir sending me into the endless cold space. Zeus p.o.v I thank gala for hiding me from my father only three day ago. now I am in a chain gang jogging to the one person/titan that Gala hide me from. shame, it was a great day,clear sky,clean air the meteor falling at high speed toward the the salve divers. the guards stop the line to watch. OK, know the time to power up a little. the guards were smart in the why that as rare. even for Cronos who seem to have infinite power. the way this plant work is not all man not the same. Zeus has been building up power every chance he get. the fact he only had enough break the shekel on his arms and lags, the rest of the people will have to wait for me or die under my father rule it didn't matter to the young god. but one thing did get planted in he mind,he needed someone to help hem get to mount Olympus. Michelle P.O.v I been send on a mission call operation new age. the goal is to overthrow this Titanomachy by any means. all attempt to get close to Cronos fail. the people or 'mortals' as being of higher call them are not the brightest and the world can do allot better. the generals of my home town call 'Unknown' send me and my four unofficial kids on this operation in hope of the titan would kill us. why did they send kids on a mission, well that another story. I found the one that going to start the new age,Zeus weak and beaten a little. the only thing that got me from running from the giant meteor is the kids are clam. Nameless p.o.v the woman who kick my choir in the endless space was name chaos. everything went black again,but I now understand allot now than I did before. the woman name Michelle is the one I'm destine to be with, but I don't know any thing about her or what she look like and what are the kids name again? "you need to find a young god name Zeus." said a voice in my head. "my name is angel the bad side." the voice was like honey. than other voice like a young man or woman who needed water(I didn't know the difference) said "and I'm demon the good side." that didn't make any sense. Angel didn't sound mean at all"all the thing Chaos made for you will turn there back when you need them most.""don't listen,her only want you alive so you set us free to serve you and I want the same thing, the only problem is we may be the only people you'll truly listen to in the future.""one last thing."demon started again "your not going to be use to this body so any fights with anything other than a mortals you will most likely lose." thank I thing." you will meet your wife and kids in 20 seconds so got ready,also we can tell you who they are you need to find out yourself. Chaos p.o.v the thing I made didn't even have a name. that was bad and the fact I didn't even get to tell or show how to use the powers. I know the ricks of letting that thing run free in the world that know the strong will and the smart survive. but I had so little time before, there he is,"destruction, what do you what."" dear sister, what happen had noting to do with me." that one line made me mad. "look, what do you want?" chaos know he want something,even the a child would know what he wanted something." I want you to make me something to hide the power that we...you know" shaking her head."now, why would I do that for you, when I cant even make anything. the new law that our parents put on me stop me controlling allot of my own creation. so why should I help you?"the look on my brother face was calm with one eye brow rise than he say."Will, do you want mom dad to know that you broke the new rules they put on you." chaos truly didn't know what he was talking , she remove some the dimensions were she could break some of those rule. the leaving one vary Important in the mist of other."I can't help you brother and I don't what to."he waited then say."I have gifts to give" Two box flash in one full of black gold and the other A light red rock I never seen or was only a few thing that make me break rules and I also like leaning new thing about...stuff. "ok.. what type of creature thing do you want?" he step aside and said." One that can hide the power the we...got from our parents."well now the puzzle is forming a picture, first he show up with gifts for forgives, then ask for something. I would bet half my power that he been trying to make creatures but fail every time."you would lose that bet little sister." he was laughing like it was a joke."will little sister, I been under the radar trying to use as little power was possible." wait a second."So blowing up 8 dimension,3 plants,8 kingdom and more stuff around the multiverse and the fact that was only about a week ago. your trying to control the power,but you found out It too much and we are to young." the look of defect show in eye said it all."WHAT DO...what do you truly want." the only thing stopping me from laughing as one,he going to kill the thing I made and take the power and try to use it for , I may need help in the future If or when... know what I'm calling him Nameless...yes, he will forever be call Nameless by everyone. Shit, I turn to the one of many dimension he was in he was getting beat up by guards because he was the new guy in a chain gang. Nameless seem to have met the wife and the kids. the kids name were Caesar, pearl, justice and order. Caesar is the oldest and the leader, he like to be the best so he like to leans new things. the only thing that bad is he like the show of power and wont hold back, he has a warriors heart. pearl is the second oldest,she like to know the enemy or fiend and use that information for her own she acts like spy. Justice third,he like the shadows. there only few people he trusted. he's assassin. Order is the youngest, she to like the shadows but she a thief and only kill when family in trouble. their all were in the chain gang, so to make thing move along I made the sun down about five also talking to Zeus and thing of a plan. Destruction look blankly at me."What?"he's eyes move to the dimension nameless was in."So...that the thing you made before the new laws were set?" dam it "Yes...he making plan to escape now." we both watch to see what he will do. Nameless p.o.v So I saw my future family and Zeus. Michelle was good looking from what I could see and the kids look fit to fight. Zeus is weak wean I found him. I made a escape plan with the help of the voices in my head. demon say I can build up power and he help. the only problem is night and everyone was hungry. the guards found a clearing and made camp put the salve in the coolest and wettest place they found. they made a big and bright fire and none of the heat reach any of the salves. there meats on the fire and