Disclaimer: Sadly, Iown none of the characters. Or places. Or anything else recognizable. It all belongs to the Master, Tolkein. 000000000000000 Chp. 1 : Home Again? Year 561 T.A. "Come on, slowpoke!" The dark-haired elf laughed as he cantered far ahead of his companion, who was stubbornly sticking to a steady trot. "We shall never get back to Imladris at this rate!" The other elf rolled his eyes as the first turned back to meet him. "And with your incessant running back and forth we shall never get there either. You shall tire poor Súldae out long before we reach the borders." The first elf patted his horse fondly. "Nay," he replied, mischief dancing in his bright grey eyes. "She is as eager to be home as I. Our time away was enjoyable, but we are ready to return to our little valley. Súldae will not wish to rest until she sees the green pastures of home… and knows that I can sneak her an apple from the kitchens." With that he once again sped into the lead, shouting back, "I'll race you!" He flashed a teasing grin over his shoulder. "Unless, of course, you are afraid that poor Laurmaethor will be unable to compensate for your sorry skills as a rider." With a growl, the elder elf tapped his heels into the sides of his golden stallion. Instantly the powerful horse surged forward, quickly gaining on the dapple-gray mare in front of him. Soon, the two horses were neck and neck. But just as Laurmaethor began to pull ahead, Súldae's rider gave a mocking smile. "Not bad…. but I'm afraid I was right." The older elf raised a questioning eyebrow, to which the younger smirked. "Laurmaethor does indeed have too incompetent a rider to win." With that, he lightly touched Súldae's sides, and they were off, quickly distancing themselves from the stallion and his rider. Said rider's annoyed shout would have caused any sane person within hearing distance to run away before the owner of the voice decided to throttle the nearest being. "ELROHIR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" But, Elladan decided, Elrohir was obviously not a sane being, for instead of a shriek of pure terror, he heard his twin's laughter drifting back to him. Elladan gave another sigh and checked his horse's pace. He knew he would not be able to catch Elrohir, who was one of the best riders in Imladris, and (Elladan suspected) in all of Arda. And, of course, having Súldae did not hurt matters either. The dainty mare was built for speed, with long legs and powerful hindquarters. Laurmaethor, on the other hand, was large and strong, with a deep, broad chest and powerfully bunched muscles. However, though he was muscular, Laurmaethor was never meant to be a racer. He had incredible endurance when kept at a steady pace, but he was certainly not as fast as Súldae. There was no sense in wearing the stallion out in a futile race against Elrohir. The elder twin could not help but smirk at this last thought. Usually, it was Elrohir who was the calm, practical, methodical one, while Elladan was far more reckless. Now, however, Elrohir was in high spirits, while Elladan himself was in a rather dark mood. He knew that his brother was only trying to cheer him up with his antics, but that knowledge didn't really help. The Twins had been allowed to leave their protected valley in order to aid a small settlement in the foothills of the Misty Mountains that had been continually attacked by orcs. And Elladan was not ready to return. He loved the thrill of stalking the enemy, the adrenaline rush he got while in battle. Never before had his skills as a warrior and tracker been so tested, and he relished the chance to do so again. He and Elrohir had been trained as warriors of Imladris, of course, and had quickly risen in rank, but there was little difficulty or danger in protecting Imladris. Few foul creatures dared to come near its borders, and there were more than enough elves to drive back those that did. Out here, fighting with the men of the settlement, he had faced impossible odds, risked his life to save his companions, and driven evil away from those who had no other protection. This mission had opened his eyes to the outside world, and three short years in the wild was not enough. He only returned now because this particular problem had been dealt with, all the orcs routed, and because Elrohir had been ready to return to their valley for some months now. The two had shared several somewhat heated arguments on the matter until Elladan had finally given in. And so here he was, unhappily following his younger brother towards Imladris. 000000000000000 Elrohir loved the rush of wind against his face and the feel of his horse's sleek muscles beneath him. He had loved being around horses since before he could walk, and had quickly become as skilled in horsemanship as his training masters. The young elf let his reins fall to loop over one arm, spread his arms wide and closed his eyes, trusting Súldae to safely carry him. At moments like this, Elrohir felt as if he were flying. He heard Elladan's angry shout and laughed, knowing that his brother was not truly upset. And, if Elladan was paying him enough mind to yell at him, then he was obviously coming out of his sulk. Elladan's mood had cast a dark shadow over Elrohir's joy ever since they had left Titheláden and its residents behind. He knew that Elladan had not wished to leave, but Elrohir had been ready ever since they drove the original band of orcs away. The group of orcs that had attacked the village had numbered only a hundred or so, and with the Twins' knowledge of tactics and leadership of the thirty strong men in the settlement, it had taken but a few months to completely decimate that band, with no losses and few serious wounds to the men. But then Elladan had insisted on scouring the hills around them to ensure that there were no other groups of orcs nearby to trouble to good people of the village. And, in truth, there had been some worrisome bands that were now no more, thanks to the two elves. But, Elrohir thought, Elladan had been overly zealous when it came to dealing with these orcs…. Either that or he was simply looking for trouble. The elder twin had traveled far into the mountains, far enough that Elrohir was certain no orcs in that area would bother coming so far to attack the village. Elladan had only grudgingly accepted the fact that they could leave when there had been no signs of fell creatures for two months. Sometimes, Elrohir thought, his brother was too much of a warrior for his own good. Elladan was an incredible fighter, partly because he tended to obsess over his skills and spend every free moment on the training fields. He had a gift with weaponry of all sorts, much like Elrohir's gift with horses. Elrohir, while more than adequate with nearly every form of weaponry, had never been able to defeat his brother in a fight. And it was just as well, Elrohir finally decided. Elladan loves it enough; the talent might as well go to the one who would use it. Unlike his twin, Elrohir was not truly a warrior. Yes, he was a deadly adversary on the battlefield, he had a gift for brilliant strategy, and he had risen to the rank of captain shortly after his brother. But Elrohir was more comfortable sitting under the stars and playing his flute or swimming in the clear pools of Imladris than he was fighting for his life. Even now, Elrohir shuddered with revulsion at the memories of the many skirmishes he had fought over the last few years. Times when everything was stench and blood and the sickening feeling of his blade sinking into flesh. During a battle he never allowed such things to distract him, but he could not understand why his brother seemed to take such joy from being in deadly peril. Now, however, they were headed back to Imladris, not into any more danger. Any fighting that was done would be in play and fun. And Elrohir was perfectly content with that fact. Having traveled for about three weeks down the Misty Mountains, the two elves were now just past the foothills, on the wide, flat grounds that stretched for a short while before the valleys began. If they kept up a steady pace, they could be home in six days. Elrohir wanted to see if they could cut the journey to five days, thus arriving home in time for the midsummer celebration. He glanced over his shoulder at Elladan, and rolled his eyes. Elladan was now over twenty horse-lengths behind, a distance that was rapidly increasing. The younger twin sat deeper into Súldae's back, asking her to slow her pace. The horse whinnied regretfully but obediently slowed. She turned her neck to gaze at him reproachfully, as if asking why he was wasting such a perfectly good flat field on simply trotting when they could be moving at a gallop. Elrohir laughed and patted her neck affectionately. "Don't worry, my friend. We will have plenty of time to fly. But now we must wait for my dear brother. I know he is slow, but we must be patient with his limitations. Not all beings are as perfect as you." Seeming slightly mollified, Súldae huffed and stopped fidgeting, though she did shoot an annoyed glare back at Elladan. Elrohir laughed, then turned his attention to the rather irritated elf behind him. "By the Valar, are you certain you are not part dwarf?" he shouted to his brother. "Obviously your poor bones are too heavy if they become jarred at even the mildest of paces!" "Impertinent Elfling!" Elladan's voice, filled with mock indignation, floated across the distance to Elrohir. " 'Tis not my affair if you were born with so light and empty a head that you might float away at any moment!" Elrohir's eyes glittered with laughter, and he quickly readied a reply, when something distracted him from loosing more insults upon his brother. At first he was not sure what had alerted him to the fact that something was wrong. Quickly, Elrohir checked Súldae's pace to a walk and glanced around for the source of his unease. The Twins were now crossing a fairly open, grassy plateau. To one side the terrain grew rockier and dropped sharply into a forested valley. To the other side was a dense grove of pine trees. All was still and silent. And there was the answer, Elrohir realized. The incessant chattering of birds that had been their companion ever since they had neared the forest had ceased. It had, in fact, been absent for some time now, Elrohir realized, but he had been too lost in his musings to notice. Keen gray eyes swept the woods for any sign of trouble, pointed ears straining for any hint of sound. And then it happened. 000000000000000 Elladan immediately noticed when his brother's posture stiffened to alertness. Something was wrong. Taking a cursory glance at his surroundings, Elladan immediately realized what had caught his brother's attention. Cursing himself for allowing Elrohir to get so far ahead of him, Elladan spurred Laurmaethor on to catch up to the now walking Súldae, praying that he would reach his brother's side before the inevitable ambush occurred. Of course, his prayers were not heeded. The golden stallion had taken no more than three strides before arrows began whining through the air, all aimed at the solitary elf on the gray horse. Elladan could do no more than watch in frustration as Elrohir ducked the arrows, skillfully manipulating Súldae so that, though the arrows rained around the two,