James Potter stepped unto platform nine and three quarters with a spring in his step. It was the first day of his sixth year at Hogwarts and he was certain that it would be a good one. He was looking forward to seeing all of his close friends again. He had only managed to see Sirius a couple of times during the holidays and he craved the dynamic of the full Marauder set. His parents appeared behind him and let the gaze roam over the platform. Richard and Victoria Potter were both in their seventies and prominent figures in the wizarding world. 'Well, here we are,' said Richard in his deep voice. 'And we are even fifteen minutes early for once.' 'I wonder whether Sirius is already here,' said Victoria. 'He is such a nice boy, I hope he is well. He will probably be happy to return to Hogwarts. After all it can get a bit stuffy in his family home.' James rolled his eyes. He had never understand why exactly his mother liked Sirius so much, but his mutt of a best friend had his mother wrapped around his finger. 'Speak of the devil,' muttered Richard as he had just spotted the Sirius together with his family. 'We should avoid them if possible, I am not in the mood to clash my wits with these people.' 'Be nice Richard,' chided his wife. 'It is important to remain civil, you have said it yourself.' 'Yes, and I will be very polite, but only if I have to,' said his father, before addressing James. 'Can you make it on the train yourself? Then I have a chance to escape the Blacks.' 'Sure,' said James. 'No problem.' 'Good boy,' said his father and squeezed his shoulders. 'Remember what I told you over the holidays. You are almost a man now and have to act appropriately. You are the heir to the Potter family after all. So, I expect you to behave yourself.' 'Alright,' said James. He had made promises like this at the beginning of each school year, but this time he was actually serious. The events of the summer had added a new grimness into his reality. It did not seem right to walk around pranking people when the world outside was slowly slipping into civil war. Also, he still remembered the telling off Lily Evans gave him back in June. She had told him what a vile person he was and after some reflection during the summer, he had to admit that she had a point. He had not always behaved properly in the last years at Hogwarts. Both these experience had motivated him to stay out of trouble as much as possible during the year. 'Very well then,' said his father and pulled him into a hug. 'Stay safe and remember what I taught you over the holidays. The world is not safe anymore. And wear the ring. Be proud of your heritage.' James hugged him back before moving on to his mother. She hugged him tightly and kissed his check. 'Stay save Jamie,' she said. James rolled his eyes. He hated that nickname. 'And watch out for Sirius. He is even better at getting into trouble than you are.' James had to agree with her. His best mate was bold and often ignored the consequences of his behaviour. When unchecked Sirius and he could amp each other up until they did something very stupid. Fortunately, they usually had Remus to keep them in line. James bade goodbye to his parents and stepped onto the train. He had seen Sirius slip into one of the most forward compartments and made his way there. When he was halfway there, a compartment door opened and a girl stepped out without looking properly. James promptly ran into her, but managed to prevent both himself and her from falling. 'Are you alright?' he asked her. 'Yeah, I am so sorry,' she said swiping her long blonde curly hair out of her eyes so she could see properly. James took a good look at here. She was a bit older than him and almost as tall as he was. She had a pretty face, with large blue eyes, high cheekbones and plump lips. Her body was trim and firm like an athlete. Did she play Quidditch? He could not remember ever having played against her. 'Thanks for catching the two of us,' she continued. 'No problem,' said James. 'You are James Potter, are you not?' she asked, eying him closely. 'Yeah I am,' said James feeling defensive somehow. 'And you are?' 'Amber Marchbanks,' she said. 'I am a seventh year Ravenclaw. Well, I have to get going. I will see you around, James.' She wandered off with her long blonde hair swaying behind her. James stared after her for a moment, before snapping out of his daze and continuing his way to the compartment. When he arrived, his three best friends were already all present. Remus looked well. His family had spent the last two weeks in Brighton and some sun had help him get rid of his usually too pale skin. Peter was a bit chubbier than James remembered. Maybe his mother had fattened him up again. Sirius looked as he always did: handsome and slightly haughty, even though a smile was currently playing on his face. 'Hey,' said James and flopped down into a free seat after having stored his trunk. 'Prongs!' cried Sirius. 'It is marvellous to see you mate. I need some help to convince these two killjoys. I have this great prank idea...' 'Which obviously is completely stupid,' said Remus. 'Hi James, did you enjoy your summer?' 'It was too quiet for my taste,' said James. 'Too little action leaves too much time to think.' 'Indeed?' said Remus, raising an eyebrow. 'And what have you thought about exactly?' 'How he is getting into Evan's knickers, of course,' said Sirius. 'Is this the year Prongs? Are you going to get here this time?' 'Not really,' said James. 'I am done with Lily Evans.' 'Like hell you are,' snorted Sirius. 'You are way too stubborn to give up now.' 'Are you serious Prongs?' asked Peter. 'And don't say it Sirius.' Sirius had just opened his mouth, probably to make another stupid serious-Sirius-joke, but Peter's comment ruined the moment for him and he just closed his mouth instead. 'Yes, I am,' said James. 'I kept thinking about the trouble at the lake at the end of last year. I cannot deny it any more. Lily hates me. There is no point in chasing her at this point.' 'And it took you this long to figure that out?' asked Sirius. 'Merlin, you are dense. I have told you hundred times that she hates you and that you are wasting your time with here. Well, at least you are wiser now. That is big news. James Potter is back in business! If the two of us work together mate, we can drop the panties of any girl in minutes, mark my words.' 'Yes, I am sure you two will kill it out there,' said Remus, rolling his eyes. 'I think you are doing the right thing here, James. Lily and you have never gotten along and you chasing her has made the whole relationship even more awkward. Backing off and having some fun with other girls is a good idea. It will help heal the wounds.' 'Yeah, I know,' said James. 'It feels weird, but I have to do it. But I am not exactly great with girls, so I have no idea if I will find a girlfriend.' 'Not great with girls?' asked Peter incredibly. 'James, you have shagged Emily Towler and she is gorgeous.' 'That doesn't count,' said James. Emily had been one of his fellow chasers in the Gryffindor Quidditch team. She was two years older than him and had finished Hogwarts last year. 'It did not even do much, she started the whole thing. And she was on the rebound because her boyfriend had dumped her.' 'Well don't worry about this mate,' said Sirius. 'Fortunately, you have me to give you advice in picking up girls. After all, everybody knows that I am Hogwarts's greatest ladies man.' 'Oh yeah,' said Remus dryly. 'I remember you trying to get into Hestia Jones's pants last Halloween. She slapped you so hard you nearly fell. James will do great with your help, I am sure.' 'Oh please Remus,' said Sirius. 'Hestia was just in bad mood that day. Anyway, who will be your next target James? Now that you are done chasing Evans, you can pick any witch in Hogwarts.' 'I dunno,' said James. However, a brief image of the girl he encountered in the corridor flashed through her mind. She seemed... interesting and was also very pretty. 'But I think I will stay away from Gryffindor girls for a while. The drama hits too close to home. It is not worth it.' 'That's probably a good idea,' said Remus with a small grin. 'It will certainly make my life easier.' 'How so?' asked Peter. 'Usually it was just Prongs acting like an idiot around Lily. How does this affect you?' 'She tended to glare at me whenever James or Sirius pulled a prank, apparently expecting me to stop them. Also, she more than once complained to me about Prongs's way to ask her out. If all of this stops now, I will be much happier.' 'There is no way we are stopping our pranks,' said Sirius sounding horrified. 'We are the Marauders after all.' 'Actually, that is something I wanted to talk about,' said James. 'Have you been reading the papers? Have you noticed what's going on?' 'Yeah,' said Sirius grimly. 'Bloody lunatic called Voldemort running around murdering people. My bloody parents are over the moon.' 'What?' asked Peter. 'Whatever for?' 'They think he has the right ideas' said Sirius disgustedly. 'They think the wizarding world is too nice to Muggle-born and Muggles. They want back to the days when the pure-blood families reigned supreme and everybody else was serving them. And they want to ban Muggle-borns from attending Hogwarts and from having kids with pure-bloods. Voldemort is a saviour to them.' 'That's sick,' said Remus. 'Yeah, I know,' said Sirius. 'But Regulus eats it all up. He is stupid enough to get tangled in the conflict and join the bad side.' 'I am sure he won't,' said James reassuringly. He often forgot how bad Sirius's parents were. He wondered how his best mate could bare it. 'In each case, this conflict is getting worse. Two family friends were murdered over the summer.' 'Who?' asked Sirius. 'Richard and Margaret Bones,' said James. 'They were old friends of my parents. I last saw them when I got back from school in June. They were attacked by Death Eaters and killed in their house.' 'Shit, James,' said Sirius. 'I am so sorry.' 'Don't be,' said James. 'I am okay. I did not know them that well.' 'But this is very close to home,' said Remus. 'I think, I remember these names. They were pure-bloods, were they not?' 'Yeah,' said James. 'They tried to change the legislation so that Muggle-borns get more support after school. Many of them can't get proper jobs in the Ministry as they lack the necessary connections. I guess the Death Eaters did not like it.' 'That's scary,' said Peter. 'I thought they did not target pure-bloods.' 'They do if they consider you a blood traitor,' said Sirius. 'James and I are way worse in their eyes than half-bloods like Remus and you. James, are your parents save? Everybody knows that they oppose this pure-blood mania.' 'As safe as anybody is these days,' said James. 'My father has reinforced the protection around our manor and has gotten us emergency portkeys. I think we will be okay. He also taught me some duelling techniques over the summer, because he says I