Hey guys! Welcome to my second in my series of Mariam's Saturday oneshots. I upload these babies every Saturday, and they're always oneshots. They can be funny, angsty, heartbreaking, or romantic. It's different every week. Well, not every week. I couldn't upload last Saturday due to a lot of issues going on. But I do hope this is good enough to make up for it! This is how I imagine Nico and Will convinced Chiron to let them sit together at lunchtime. I've always felt a little miffed that Rick never included that in the books, so I wrote it out! I hope you enjoy it. As always, I don't own PJO/HoO/ToA. Nico di Angelo wasn't much of an arrogant person, but you had to give it to him- he would be pretty amazing at basketball. It was three in the afternoon, and a cool breeze was sweeping through the dining pavilion; relaxing, but cold enough to remind you that the mortals outside the controlled borders were probably shivering in their jackets. There was a light dusting of snow all around, like icing sugar decorating an already pretty cake. The sky was a blue that reminded Nico of Will's steady gaze: calming, comforting, and impossible not to drown in. It really was as beautiful as Will had promised it would be. Nico had wanted to head to Camp Jupiter even though it was only late November, so he could spend time with Hazel for a couple weeks before her fourteenth birthday. He'd wanted Will to come along, too, but the son of Apollo had practically begged Nico to wait a little longer. "Just until the snow starts falling," his boyfriend had said. "It's beautiful- you're going to love it!" Boyfriend. Nico smiled at the thought. It was still strange to him- it would probably be strange forever- to think of himself in a relationship. A relationship that made him happy, no less. Nico would forever be grateful that all his new friends were so accepting, even the ones raised against gay people. It glued a smile onto his face every time Will held or kissed him in public and someone went aww, you're adorable, you two! Some couples would have been mortified, but Nico welcomed it far more than what he half-feared would happen every time: someone screaming about how wrong and disgusting he was. And even though Will never said it, Nico knew he felt the same way, too. Being the only same sex couple at camp was weird like that- and though more demigods were coming out with every passing month, none were comfortable with dating just yet- at least not in public. Nico glanced at his half-eaten food. It was just lasagna- Nico had asked for it hoping it would be easier to choke down- but the plates always seemed to give him heaping portions of whatever he asked for. Maybe because of all the training the demigods did; since they had to stay healthy. However, it wasn't helping Nico at all. Will had made him promise that he would try and finish everything on his plate before leaving, so that Nico could look like more than skin plastered onto a skeleton. Will had also prescribed a workout routine, which Nico was sticking to just fine, but it was the food that made things hard. The idea of another bite made him want to puke. So, as Nico had been doing for the past three weeks, he wrapped up his leftovers in as many napkins as he could and threw the ball of pasta across the pavilion. It sailed through the air, much like a soggy, tiny volleyball, before landing gracefully in the bin. The thump that accompanied the landing was muffled by the chatter of the twenty or so demigods milling around, so that no one noticed. Nico mentally fist-pumped, counting out twenty-four under his breath. The number of consecutive goals he had scored every day now. Yeah, Nico was great at basketball. He got up and strolled out of the pavilion, and nodded with a small smile at Will, who waved at him with a much wider grin. He seemed to be deep in conversation with his brother Austin Lake, who was well known both online and at camp for his great music. Nico often wondered how he uploaded to YouTube so frequently when none of them could use electric devices without summoning a Greek baddie. Maybe his mom or some mortal sister did it. Nico put the thought away for another day. Right now, he was due for swordfighting practice with the Ares kids. … "Come on, Nico, just admit it." "I really don't understand why you care so much about this." "Because I was right after all! Just say it out loud and I'll leave it be." Nico rolled his eyes and sighed. It was six in the evening, and he and Will were sitting on top of the Hades cabin so that they could talk in private. After Jason had told him about the roof of the Zeus cabin, Nico had endeavored to find the same spot. It had paid off, after he and Will had realized that the Apollo and Aphrodite guys just wouldn't leave them alone. Will was hugging his knees and smirking, much to the annoyance of Nico. His boyfriend (There it was again, that word) had spent the last half hour trying to trick Nico into admitting that he had been wrong about camp in the winter after all. Nico had spent the last half hour groaning and shaking his head resolutely. Okay, maybe Nico was at fault. Camp Half-Blood truly was a sight for sore eyes, all snowflakes and twinkling lights and beautiful sunsets. Still, Will didn't have to rub it in. "I won't say anythingout loud. Arrogance is not a good trait, William ." It was Nico's turn to smirk as Will made a strangled noise and looked at Nico in indignation. Everyone at camp knew that Will hated it when people used his full name- It makes me sound like some pompous English kid that eats chocolate all day - but for a reason no one really knew, Nico could get away with using it sporadically. It was a bit of a gamble, really; the last time Nico had done it Will had pouted like a kid and refused to talk to him for a good two hours, but Nico liked doing it all the same. It was fun to occasionally be the annoying flirty one in this relationship. Nico was pretty sure his face was more red than pale ever since he and Will had begun dating. "We talked about William !" Will said heatedly. "William is-" "An English brat who takes too much pride in himself," Nico finished, dragging out the words. "I know. That's like the fifth time you've told me." "Well, you're the one who can't seem to remember," Will retorted, his tone deadpan. "I do remember. You're the only one who thinks it's a stupid name. Imagine being called something like Nicholas. That's horrible." "Hey, you don't get to talk about names," Will said. "Nicholas is cool. It sounds like- like an ancient foreign pirate!" "I don't want to be an Italian Jack Sparrow, thank you very much," "Yeah you do!" Will said, something between a grin and confusion evident on his face. " Everyone wants to be Jack Sparrow!" "Not me," Nico repeated, crossing his arms. "You've literally seen all the movies twice?" Will said, raising his voice at the end so it sounded like a question. "It's a good film," Nico said, trying hard not to blush at being called out. "And the only film I know." "Then I guess we'll have to educate you," Will said, swinging an arm over his shoulders. Normally Nico rejected physical contact, but like Will and William, certain exceptions were made for certain people. "I can't date someone who's only seen one movie!" Nico could do nothing about the sudden blush that came from the word date, except possibly glare into Will's sparkling eyes. Stop feeling so weird about this, dammit. He's been your boyfriend for a month. Get over it. Nico tried to hide his embarrassment by asking, "I thought electric stuff was banned over here?" "TVs aren't too bad," Will said, shrugging. "We have one that we show the introductory film on-" Nico remembered that- a whirl of gods and heroes and quite a few Party Ponies. There was that one PG scene where a son of Ares pretended to slay the Minotaur, except the Minotaur was really the dude's sister covered in a lot of ketchup. Good times. "-and the Stoll's sneak in pirated stuff all the time!" Will continued, oblivious to Nico's train of thought. "I think we could get a good Marvel movie. Who's your favorite superhero?" "I don't know any superheroes," Nico replied, confused. "Weren't they all invented around the time you were born?" "I only had eyes for Mythomagic. Besides, I couldn't read English just yet." "Oh," Will replied, clearly stumped for what to say. They sank into a silence, leaning against each other. Nico found it comforting- he'd never been a fan of noise, and Will often tried to talk softly because of that- but he was sure Will would come up with something any minute now. Unlike him, Will hated silence, which he claimed felt awkward and suffocating. They'd ended up with a weird unspoken compromise where Nico tried to speak more and Will kept his voice a little softer than usual. The end result had been constant bickering, but Nico loved it all the same. It was like a daily tennis match to see who the winner was. They were almost like those Nike twins when they were put together. Nico counted to thirty seconds before Will spoke again. "So how's the training working out?" he asked amiably. "That's such a generic question," Nico pointed out. "Just answer it." "It's fine." "You know that's a very generic answer, right?" Will said. "Shut up, Will." Will grinned at him and pulled him in even closer, until Nico felt like he was wrapped in a human blanket. Nico wasn't sure whether he was pleased or angry, but he didn't shy away. "You know," Will began out of the blue. "You've been practicing for three weeks now. You should have gained a lot more muscle." "Maybe you made a mistake, doctor," Nico said, chuckling a little. "Does my body need more fine-tuning until it looks good, then?" "I never make medical mistakes, first off, so you can quit talking about that," Will began, lightly shoving Nico. "Second, we're doing for your health, not how you look. You look great, but you're the average weight of an underfed twelve-year-old, last I checked." "I've gained weight!" Nico protested, the annoying blush coming back. "You have, yeah," Will conceded. "But it should be way more. You're still thinner than you should be. Either you're sick, or you haven't been eating enough. You need food in your system for the whole thing to properly work out." At the mention of food, Nico involuntarily froze up. Will noticed and raised his eyebrows in question. Nico cringed a little at his disappointed look- he hadn't been able to finish his meals even though he'd tried. Nico didn't want to tell Will; he'd made a promise and lied to him every day for the past three weeks. He knew it was unacceptable, but still. Will got patients every day, he was the head of his cabin and one of the demigods with the most jobs at camp. Bothering him for something as silly as a small appetite felt stupid and selfish, even though Will didn't seem to think so. He regarded Nico with more sadness than anger, and that was the worst part- Will barely got angry. He could be shocked or disappointed or scared, but never angry. Nico had told him