AN: *National Anthem starts playing* Hello darling readers, this is President Snow. Thank you for listening to what I am about to say. I would just like to remind the districts that this is an AU from Finnick's point of view. And so it was decreed that you will read my story and leave me a review or a comment that would serve as a reminder of our generosity and forgiveness towards Finnick and Annie. This is how we remember our past. This is how we safeguard our future. Chapter 1 The day had started out like normal. My parents and I had gotten dressed in our finest clothes and awaited for the reaping. We walked down to the square where it had always been held gathering with the rest of the district. I parted from my parents and stood in the roped off area for boys ages 12-14. I am messing with one of the buttons on my shirt that's a brighter blue than the others. The national anthem starts playing and I stop to look towards the screen that is in front of me. A black screen starts to fill with a premade video from the capitol about the Hunger Games. Since the same video is played every year I can say it word by word along with the program. When the video ends there is a tap on the microphone as the capitol representative begins to speak. "I just love that it reminds all of us why we are here. It is now time to draw for the lucky boy and girl who will represent district four for the 65th annual hunger games. And as always ladies first", Titana said as she fished her burnt orange arm hand around in the bowl. She finally pulled a name out after a f ew seconds and read "Syrena Lippins". A tall, slender 16 year old girl confidently walked up to the stage. She undoubtedly but something about her seemed different. She smiled too eager to already impress any sponsors that could be watching the reaping. "And now for the boys" Titana did the same routine and pulled out "Finnick Odair". I looked around wondering who the boy tribute this year was until I realized that it was me. Someone from behind gave me a little push and urged me to go up to the stage. I walked steadily, putting one foot in front of the other. "Come on now, don't be shy. Oh you're a handsome young man aren't you?" Titana expressed with a high pitched giggle and a wink. I took my place on the opposite side of Syrena and tried to smile like she had. My hands were shaking uncontrollably though and I prayed that this was some dream. Some nightmare and that I would awake soon. I tried looking off into the distance when an older woman in the back gave the three finger salute. The whole crowd in front of me copied this sign, the sign of respect and honor. I looked over the crowd, looking for her when a peacekeeper pulled my arm from the crowd and jerked me to a small private room. This is where I am going to have to say goodbye to my loved ones. The first people to see me are my parents. My mother is bawling and just hugs me for the time that is allotted while my father gives me techniques about how to stay alive. When the peacekeeper comes to pull them away from me I give my mother a kiss on the cheek and hug my father tightly. "We love you Finnick. You will make it out of this alive. You only need to believe in yourself." And they're gone. Too soon, too quickly. I am left alone thinking about what my father had said when a redheaded girl comes into my room. "Finn? Finn!" She rushed towards me leaping into my arms as I hold her as tightly as possible. "Annie." I breathe out. I look at her, trying to memorize every beautiful detail. The way her green eyes shines like the seaweed in the ocean, the way her red hair always has a soft curl to it from the sea, the way that her mouth twists up at the corners whenever she sees me. I may be only 14 years old, but I know when a girl is beautiful. I wanted to break down in her arms, but I had to stay strong. "You can do this Finnick. You're young but you're fast and smart. You can win." She says without a fragment of doubt. I look at her trying to get my voice to be steady. "Annie listen to me, no matter what happens in the games you have to promise me that you'll move on. That you will have a life and that you won't be getting into any trouble. Promise me that if I don't come back that you will forget about me and find a new best friend." I say. "Fine. But only if you promise me that you'll return." I smirk at that. "It's a deal." My jaw clenches at this, knowing that I can't truly promise her that. Something inside of me makes me reach out to her and touch her. I gently stroke her face and tenderly give her a small kiss on her forehead. A single tear drops down her face and I brush it away with my thumb. The door opens and I know I have to say goodbye. "I love you, Annie. Please never forget that." .o0o. I am steered towards the train and look back. This could be the last time I ever see my home. But I have to keep moving forward. I can't seem weak this soon into the games. I need to remain strong. The day passes rather quickly while I meet the other tribute, find my room on the train, and meet my mentors. My mentors seem nice enough, especially the older lady Mags. They give Syrena and I tips on how to find food, water and shelter, how to use the arena to our advantage, and how to kill other tributes. It's not exactly an uplifting conversation but I know that I need all the help that I can get. I try to pay as much attention as I can muster until I meet my prep team in the capitol. There is three strange looking men and one unique looking woman who all look over me as if I am a piece of fish that needs to be properly examined. They all agree that I do not need much work but that there is some adjustments that need to be made. The four lead me to a room where there is a shower and a bed. After I am done showering, I sit naked on the table as they wax my legs and adding strange blonde streaks through my golden hair. They file my nails and scrape my nails at the bottom on both my hands and my feet. They rub my teeth with a weird white liquid and they add powder to my skin that makes it glow. A few hours after primping and prettying me, they finally step back and admire their work. The woman lets out a soft sigh and says that I am done. One of the men goes out of the room and returns with an outfit that makes me flush. What he has in his hands is a small armband that is made out of seashells and a bronze metal as well as a small scrap of fishing net with a string connecting one side to the other. "This year we decided to go with the netting part of the district. Put this on." I take it the armband and pull it up my arm. I grab the fishing net and step through the fabric and pull it up realizing that there was nothing covering my butt. I started to say something about this fact when the man stops me. "I don't care if you feel uncomfortable or embarrassed this is the outfit and you will wear it. Here take these necklaces as well. It will make people look more at your abs because of how long they are." Was this normal? I have seen some of the tributes throughout the years in bizarre costumes for the chariots but never seen anyone this naked before. I feel exposed and I just want to cover up however I know that there's no point. Everyone in Panem will see my body like this in a few hours. I am directed back to district 4's room and am faced with a laugh from Syrena. But looking at her, she has no room to laugh at me. Her stylists apparently decided to go with the same theme as mine did and she is wearing a bra and underwear that is only made out of fishing nets. Her long blonde hair is in smooth curls and has a fishing net braided around her forehead. "Nice outfit. I really like the blush your stylists put on." She snickered. We finally left for the chariot race and were lined up by district order. Women and men were giving me glances and were staring at me. I wanted nothing more than to cover up my backside but I knew that if I even tried, I would be scolded. The parade started and our horses started moving. I was looking up at the screens when I realized that our chariot was on the screen. The audience started screaming when they saw my costume. Please let this be over soon. And it was. The parade, the training, and the interviews were over quicker than I had expected and tomorrow I was leaving for the games. Mags and I were having our final one on one training session. "How do you feel Finnick?" "Fine." I shrug. "I know you can do this. I have seen you when you get determined. You just have to want it bad enough to get it." .o0o. The next morning I awoke to Mags telling me that the games were about to start. I collected my strength and got out of the bed. There was no point in putting off the inevitable. I went out to the main room and my stylists led me to the prep room. I am given my outfit I am going to wear in the arena and try to guess where I'm going. The fabric was an elastic one suit that had boots. My guess is somewhere that I will be wet. A freshwater arena? A beach? I hope it is a beach. My thoughts drift off as I finish getting ready and leave for the game. The next thing I am fully aware of is I am standing on a platform in a swampy area. I am already starting to drip with sweat. There is a countdown in the middle of our circle of tributes that starts to count down. Mags told me to run when the timer reaches zero but I spot a net and decided that I have to have it. That is something I know how to do. I know exactly how to trap fish with a net and kill them, I will do the exact same thing only trade the fish in for tributes. A gong sounds and the time is at zero. I jump off my platform and run to the net planning on just running straight forward until I am out of the cornucopia. I snatch up the net and find a small knife. My lungs are killing me already from trying to breathe in the humid air and I am sprinting past the cornucopia. A cannon booms in the distance. I have somehow escaped the bloodbath unscathed while someone has just died. The games just started and people are already dying. Part of me