Author's Notes: Firstly, I would like to thank my fantastic beta Galenfea , who was kind enough to go through this and make sure it was at least legible, even if my own natural talent means that it will never actually make any real sense. Secondly, this here story is actually a secret love child of my main writing project at the moment, 'Mostly Harmless' (which can of course be found on my main page). If 'Mostly Harmless' is a king, then 'A Salty Conundrum' is the bastard son born of the bed-pan cleaner, who the king only allows to live in case one day something should ever happen to every single one of his legal heirs. As such, this story might make (a slight amount) more sense to you with that kept in mind. You don't really NEED to have read 'Mostly Harmless' to get amusement from this piece, you need only know that I wrote this in a fit one day, because I continue to have epic problems with 'Mostly Harmless' and this became my way of working through those issues in 'Mostly Harmless'. 'Mostly Harmless' (that's my other story, guys). So I'm not just plugging my story 'Mostly Harmless' here (not that I have a problem with that, obviously). This is information that might help you with the reading of this story. :D Probably, you can look forward to another chapter here the very next time I get a mental block on my ACTUAL story ('Mostly Harmless') (which you should read and review). Now that we've got that out in the clear... Chapter 1 - "The Conundrum" She lay sprawled across her bed, dangling face-first off the edge, brow scrunched in concentration while her fingers tapped rapidly against the scratched silver laptop angled beneath her. Bumps and crashes and shouts and noise wafted up the stairs as the rest of the household tramped along on its daily, obnoxious business, and though most people would find themselves entirely distracted by the violent din that engulfed the majority of this home, she considered this a quiet afternoon, and continued with her typing utterly unfazed. Her knees bent up behind her, fluffy bunny slippers waving gently in the air as she blew at a mass of dark curls dangling before her eyes, and paused. One finger tapped contemplatively against the faded 'J' key for a while, and then she sighed rather dramatically and flopped in defeat, her elbows jutting out on either side of her head as her shoulders sagged closer to the cream carpet beneath her. Something was just not right with what she was typing. " Saltwater! " came the faint cry from the kitchen, barely making it to her ears through all the other household noises. " Salty, dinner'll be ready in a minute! " She huffed irritably, disturbing a few of the messy strands curled on the carpet by her chin, and yelled back half-heartedly, "I'm busy!" " What? " came the reply, followed by a loud clatter and a high pitched squeal of pain. "I'm not hungry!" "… I said dinner'll be ready!" With a mutter under her breath that even she didn't understand, Saltwater started typing once more, feet swinging more violently in the air and causing the loose mass of dark brown curls falling over the front of her face to spring slightly. The most frustrating thing, the most frustrating thing, was when the story she was attempting to create stopped writing itself onto the page. Because then she was forced to think about what she was doing, and thinking was a dangerous pastime, often leading to overanalysing and over-description and a lot of angry frustration. With a twitch of one chocolate coloured eye, the sound of clicking hesitantly slowed once more, and a rather awkward and pathetic attempt at a growl filled the room in its place. "Curses…" she muttered under her breath, glaring heartily at the keyboard because lifting her head high enough to glare at the screen hurt too much. How on earth was she supposed to get her story done, when it wouldn't let her? With an unintelligible sound of Ultimate Wrath, she rolled onto her back and reached for her bottle of water, hoping that somehow, downing a healthy dose of H20 would magically resolve all her problems. However a gymnast she was not, and since she had been in a rather unconventional position to begin with, it's no far stretch of the imagination to picture her manoeuvre failing miserably, and ending with her slipping off the bed, pulling her quilt cover down with her and tipping the entire contents of her hugely unorganised night-stand onto her head. Thankfully, she was not hurt. Unless you counted her concussion, and the subsequent hallucinations that followed. .~.~.~. With a groan, her brows furrowed together and she registered pain. "But where did she come from?" Someone was whispering beside her, though she couldn't concentrate enough to form coherent thoughts, let alone decide if the whispering was a good or bad thing. Her fingers curled involuntarily by her side, and she gasped slightly as her body began paying attention to where it was. Pain and cold cold cold. She shifted, which caused more pain and made her realise that the cold icy cold seemed to be coming straight off the ground. Icy cold and… crunchy? "How long do you think she's been here?" Pain and cold and ice and someone was prodding her. There were definitely prodding fingers involved. She groaned again and batted at the hand, cracking open an eye to the hazy view of nine male faces leaning over her. Her eye slipped shut again, and then after a moment, both eyes snapped open and stared in shock. There was a pause as everyone involved assessed each other. Then, Saltwater said " Aaargh! " in a very loud voice, and scrambled away from everyone, bolting upright in the process. "What… you… who are you? Kidnappers! Psychopaths! What have you done to me? " Her sharp voice did not lessen in volume, much to the irritation of present company, and she pointed an accusing finger at them all. "What did she just call us?" a midget enquired politely, staring questioningly up at an old man wrapped entirely in grey by his side. "Where have you brought me, you freaks?" Saltwater demanded, glancing at the mountain peaks surrounding her with angry suspicion. "Here now, we're not –" " Freaks, freaks, freaks! " she shrieked, messy curls quivering with her rage as she stomped a bunny-clad foot. "All of you, all of you! Take me back home right now! " "Take you back? Are you somehow implying it was us who brought you here?" A burly man clad in greens and browns huffed, crossing his arms over his chest and causing his great, football-sized muscles to ripple. "Yes, captain stupid-head. Thank you for that, I'm glad you've decided to join the class." "Captain – excuse me? " One of the bigger midgets sniggered, his wiry black beard shuffling around as he fought to contain a smile. "Now see here, girl," the affronted man snapped, "A captain I may be, but I am not –" "Well that's what you get for violating my rights as a semi-dependent working student in a modern day society –" "Violating what – " " Kidnapper! " "Ah, not that it is my intention to get involved," came a cautious interruption from the side, distracting Saltwater from her current prey. 'Too late,' her dark eyes seemed to say, as they snapped across to the tall, lithe figure who had spoken. "But," the pale figure continued, unfazed. "It's only, your voice…" His blue eyes met calmly with her own fiery gaze, and he tilted his head to the side. "Well it's rather shrill, is it not? And my hearing is quite…" He shrugged with a pretty smile, and gestured at his delicately pointed ears. Saltwater's mouth dropped open. "I'll give you 'shrill' in a minute!" she shrilled, her voice cruelly raising a pitch or two higher as she unconsciously advanced towards the group, anger colouring her cheeks. "Don't you get me started, blondie! Just because you're skinny doesn't mean I won't hit you. And another thing –" "Excuse me," came a rather reasonable voice from the back of the bunch. "Might we move past all this obligatory yelling and get straight to business? I've had a long day." Saltwater blinked at the dark figure who had stepped out from the group and taken over the situation. "But," she said. " No, " the figure enforced quite firmly, lifting a finger in a clear signal for her to shh . "I can see that you rather enjoy feeling wronged, as it gives you the perfect excuse to argue and fight, but really. You know who we are, don't you?" "Well… yes," she admitted, her shoulders sagging as her arms relaxed out of their passionate gestures. "And if you look around properly, you can place where we are, too." "Yeah," she grumbled, dropping her eyes to the snow-covered floor. "And when you put all of this together and think for a moment, just think, does it make any sense at all that we are the reason for your appearance here?" "No, sir," she muttered glumly, scuffing a fluffy toe into the snow. "Thank you," Aragorn sighed, relief washing over his features. In fact, everyone in the fellowship seemed suddenly awash with pure, unadulterated gratefulness at the promise of no more yelling from the short girl. She noticed this, of course, and her face scrunched up. " Hey… " "Ah-ah!" Aragorn lifted his finger once more, and Saltwater closed her mouth with a pout. "Now, let's get to why you are here." "And why, by all things green and growing, you're naked! " one of the midgets – well, Sam said, both his hands firmly covering his eyes. Saltwater realised that he had been standing that way the entire time, and turned her gaze down to her white tank top, and blue-and-white striped shorts. And white, fluffy bunny slippers. "Um, I'm not naked," she stated. "You're darned naked enough!" he snapped, and then his cheeks turned a bright, crimson red beneath his palms. "Oh pardon me, pardon me, I know it ain't right to talk as such in front of a lady, even a naked one, it just ain't…" Frodo patted Sam's arm consolingly. "Now, let's get to why you are here." Aragorn repeated after a pause, and everyone's gaze (excluding Sam's) swivelled towards Saltwater once more. "Uh," she hesitated, staring around at everyone in return. "Well. Is anyone here inexplicably in love with me?" If crickets could have survived in such a climate, they would have legged it to the scene and started chirping right then. "Er, no," Frodo ventured, just to make it clear. "Damn it." Saltwater sighed and ran a hand through her hair, making it puff out a little around her. "Well, in that case I dunno." She looked around for a nice dry place to sit, discovered there was a rock immediately behind her, and plonked on it. After a moment the rest of the group decided this was a good idea, and went about finding dry places to seat themselves on too. "Could your presence here have anything to do with them?" Boromir said as he threw his shield directly onto the snow, and sat on it. He pointed off to where two women stood frozen as statues, gestures and expressions caught in motion as the sun glistened off their perfect skin. "Because you have to admit, they're rather odd." "Ah!" Saltwater exclaimed, standing abruptly from her seat only to have it immediately re-claimed by Merry and Pippin. She took a step towards the statues, not even noticing the thieving hobbits. One of the girls was frozen mid-step, blonde hair and frosty-blue dress fixed in a dramatic swirl behind her as she gazed mysteriously into the distance,