Thick strands of her fringe are plastered to her forehead with warm feverish sweat, her nerves for the reaping must be making it worse. I delicately stroke her burning cheek with my cool fingers, I've been watching her for half an hour, crouched by her wooden crib. Dad had made it 13 years ago and we've never gotten rid of it because she's still small enough to lie comfortably within its wooden arms. She'd only come home with a splinter and now here she is, barely able to move. My eyes rest on the infected area on her palm, red and swelled by the splinter she'd acquired from a hard days work shifting logs from one woodshed to another half way across the district. She's coping though, she's so mature now, her body looks frail and innocent but the fight and learned skills of woodcraft are carved into her young face; a permanent crease between her eyebrows reveals this maturity, even in sleep she can't escape the hardship of life in district seven. A bell chimes in the distance and I know I will have to wake her, there's no way of escaping the reaping either. "Masie," I said shaking her shoulder as gently as I could but still firm enough to bring her to full consciousness, "Wakey, wakey, time to get up." Her eyelids languidly peel open and she gives me a weak smile as she catches my eye. I try to look happy but there's only so much joy you can project when you know there's a good chance you could be sentenced to death today for the enjoyment of the Capitol. I'm lucky I haven't had to take out as much tessarae as some others in my district because my twin older siblings have always taken that responsibility. I've always wanted to help, but been incredibly grateful that I've avoided that fate. Still, they're both too old to take out extra tessarae now so the duty has been handed down to me and, being sixteen, my name is now scrawled on so many pieces of paper I'm almost surprised that it hasn't been called in the last two years. I've already had my breakfast, I woke up screaming and bread and water was the only thing that I knew would calm my nerves. I'll never know how people can stand in the crowd looking so level-headed and strong, looking as though they've already accepted their fate before it has been given to them. I run to the kitchen and cut my sister two slices of hard bread and fill a glass with water and bring them to her bedside. When I come back to her room she's sitting on the side of the crib trying to steady herself, one palm pressed down hard on the side of the wood. I put down the plate and glass and crouch down to her eye level. "Are you alright?" A stupid question but it was instinctual, I extend my arms and find myself not knowing how to help her other than resting one of my hands on hers. She's baking. "Yes..." she raises her head to look into my eyes, she's worried, her washed-out expression is hard to read, but deep down I can see the fear that today will bring, the fear that this day brings every year, "I'm just, worried." I nod and help her get changed into the smartest clothes we have. Everyone tries to look presentable for the reaping since there are cameras and television crews planted all over the square, documenting every child's terrified expression. Our parents will meet us in the square later; they're already out working and can't relieve themselves of the schedule, not even for a Capitol event. We all work, Joshua and Aliana, our elder twin brother and sister are both twenty-one, the age at which all young adults are sent to a camp nearer the outskirts of the district, far away from where we live, to work hard labour day and night in the woods. When they first started I used to have a joke with them, passed through Dad about being lumberjacks but it wasn't as funny without seeing their faces light up with laughter and instead having reports back from my father week after week of a new injury one of them had acquired. My mum works in carving and furniture manufacture, Dad coasts around in deliveries. Delivering seems a safer job but even he only just escapes encounters with the wilderness, rabid wolves and other nightmarish beasts. I worry about them, of course I do, that's all I ever do. Worry and survive. Another chime and I know it's time to go. On the second distant ring I feel my stomach flip and my head turn cold, we don't need this; more worry, more doubt and fear. "Ash, we've got to go," My hands have finished tying a neat bow at the small of her back and are stationary. As she moves away from me the thin ribbon slips through my thumb and index fingers and I see her turn around and grasp my left forearm with her injured clammy hand. She flicks my straight dark shoulder-length hair behind my ear with her free hand and reassures me, "It's going to be okay Ash," her heavily-lidded tired eyes are smiling at me, "the odds are in our favour today." This is all wrong, I should be reassuring her, not the other way around, but all I can do is force a smile to spread across half of my mouth and gently pat the hand she still has tightened on my fore arm. She's wearing a long cream dress and brown shawl; they used to be my mums when she was a young woman. Masie's long hazel hair falls away behind her but stops just above the ribbon securing the dress. She can barely walk and struggles to breathe evenly, but she's pure and innocent and pretty all the same. I'm dressed similarly in a plain, knee length, beige, cotton dress that hangs rather than hugs with a white collar and cuffs and two ivy leaf buttons at the neck. My hair is long and straight and natural, I don't feel I should doll up for the occasion. I help her get to the square, let her lean on my shoulder, grapple my arms when she feels she might fall, she really shouldn't have to go to the reaping. Of course that would be too big an ask, there's no exception to being at the reaping. I'd heard that last year a young boy, only child, twelve years of age had tried to stay at home. A peacekeeper had found him on a patrol of the houses hidden under the stairs in a pantry cupboard, he wasn't seen again. We're approaching the crowd, I'm supporting Masie with my left hand under her arm, she's burning up and her dress is damp with sweat. I want to say something to her to make her feel better but know I can't. A sea of greens and browns invade my vision before two peacekeepers in crisp white suits pull me and Masie apart, I knew this would happen but I still fought against the firm grip of the peacekeeper that tore me away from her to be separated into groups by age and gender. When I stop struggling and have been placed in my allotted group I'm surrounded by tall boys and girls, some that I recognise from school, some with hard stern faces and some cracking under the trepidation. They're all facing the opposite way to me so I twist in order to see the main stage. Banners and signs emblazoned with the Capitol's insignia disguise the buildings around us which would usually look friendly and familiar and I would recognize as a town centre. Now we look like cattle going to the slaughter, compressed into this undersized plaza with a bright sky overhead, blinding us in its headlights. The throbbing in my ears convinces me that we're standing in silence but I know the mayor must be giving his annual speech, dragging it out as long as possible, for no particular reason other than he doesn't want another two children to be sentenced to a fight to the death today. Unfortunately he cannot change that fate and by dragging this carefully formulated string of words out further only adds to the anxiety of every potential underage contestant here. I desperately try to peek over the shoulders of my peers and my eyes survey the crowd looking for my parents. They should be here by now, I find Masie quickly enough, swaying dangerously on the spot looking ready to vomit at the word go. I subconsciously try to step forward to help her but just knock into a tall blonde-haired girl in front who sneers at me as I apologise. At a slight stumble I catch sight of a wave of dark hair to my right. It's my mother clawing at my dad's shoulder telling him something as she looks into the crowd and back at him. I'm sure she's telling him to do something about Masie, but of course, there's nothing he can do. His hands are behind his back, trying to stand tall but a slight hump in his back from years of work around the lumberyard and journeying from woodshed to woodshed prevents him from easily asserting authority. His face is grave and tough, he's pulling it together. "Ahem," the small screech of a foreign Capitol accent distracts me from the sight of my parents, Trixy, our district 7 representative is beginning the speech that will end in one girl and one boy being carted off to the capitol likely never to return. "Good afternoon Boys and girls, Ladies and gentlemen, I am more than pleased to be here for the 76th annual hunger games! Shall we begin?" She clears her throat several more times before delving into the glass bowl resting on a table to her right, filled to the brim with the names of blameless young girls. "Ladies first!" The throbbing in my ears becomes slower, more weighty as everything seems to comes to a halt, Trixy's fingers more than slowly unroll the tiny piece of paper revealing the name of this years female district 7 tribute. I find myself whispering Not me, Not me, Please Not me. "MASIE ADHMAID!" A wash of relief immediately burns the cold nerves from my head until realisation pounds my lungs. My head whips around to where Masie was swaying just seconds ago, now she's shakily making her way to the stage, no one is volunteering for her. Tall strong girls are just moving out of her way, thankful that it's not them that must take this place. I can't let her go up there, all alone, ill, walking into death's compass. Then I realise what I'm about to do, I find my mother's dark eyes, metres away from me and they're looking straight at me, boring deeper into me the more I stare into them. She's frozen, severe and frightened, commanding my movements. I look away back to the stage where Masie has reached the stone steps leading up to the platform infront of the justice building when I feel my right arm moving. Before I know it, it's raised and I'm opening and closing my mouth, silently screaming. My words get caught in my throat and only the first word escapes in a hoarse whisper. Four or five heads around me swivel in my direction and sudden courage overrides my fear. "I VOLUNTEER" My right arm is raised over my head and I'm looking straight at Trixy's ridiculous purple face. At the sound of my voice, heads turn all over the square and Trixy's turquoise lips turn upside-down. I wasn't sure they'd understood so I try to raise my voice louder over the applause of whispers, "I