And life on the reservation went on. With the imminent threat of vampires left behind, with no pain and suffering left to be felt on the reservation any longer, the boys of La Push could finally get on with their lives. Sam Uley stopped phasing, embracing his inner desire to catch up with his imprint; he could no longer let her grow and age – the thought of being left behind troubled him far too much. And so, he stopped. It had been harder than he ever thought it to be: the difficulty lying in his inability to let go of his wolf so easily. For even though none of them wanted to admit it, their wolves were them , fused so deeply to their souls that it was now impossible to tell the human apart from the wolf. Sam pushed on, with Emily supporting him fully. The pack supported him too – he had to succeed, for if Sam could do it, they all could too. And Sam did. Just in time to become a father as well. The cycle of things in La Push went along in this way for the majority: the wolves stopped phasing and started to focus on their families – children were born, nurtured and grew. Babies were constantly popping up within the pack. The un-imprinted wolves used this window of opportunity to avoid imprinting, to savour their ability to choose their own loves and find their own soulmates. There was a beauty to having a choice: they didn't want perfection, and the wolves were always up for a challenge. Surprisingly, Quil stopped phasing too. The Elders and the whole pack were shocked by his decision, but Quil – despite the pull of the imprint – could not live his whole life doting on a young toddler, waiting for her to grow, wasting his years away for her, watching his friends and pack mates age, all the while he remained frozen in adolescence. The imprint was still there after he stopped, he just resigned himself to being her 'big brother', her protector… He always thought it would be too weird to want a romantic relationship with a girl he'd potty trained. He remained her dedicated friend, helping her out whenever she needed, baby-sitting whenever necessary, but in the midst of all the life he was living, Quil also managed to fall in love. A girl from the Makah, petite and charming and wonderfully sweet and everything Quil wanted her to be: accepting of his relationship with little Claire, understanding his love for her in a way no one else possibly could. And the whole reservation watched as their relationship flourished and grew, and everyone was so happy when they married and started their family… for Quil was a true testament to the fact that the boys of La Push could break the magical bonds that were dictating their lives… or at least find a way to work around them. Seth and the younger wolves worked hard at their education … until they all went off to school, or found good jobs around the reservation and Forks. Away from the world of magic and mystery that had turned their teenage worlds upside down, the boys could search for themselves and for love: they found friends and lovers outside of the reservation, and also on it. They grew and learned and loved but never forgot the deep bonds that held them together – brothers . The fear of death and tragedy were left behind: only a handful of wolves kept phasing, watching their brothers live whilst they kept the reservation safe. There were, obviously, run-ins with lone vampires running across the border, going up North; these were handled swiftly and deftly, so as not to disturb life on the res any further. The notoriety of the wolves of La Push had extended far beyond the Olympic Peninsula and vampires knew well enough not to tread on this land. But a few student newborns were always expected. And Leah and Jacob were always there to greet them. "Give them the La Push welcome" as they referred to it, sharing smug grins, an inside joke that occasionally became a reality. Jacob and Leah. The Alpha and the Beta. They were the last to keep phasing: Jacob for Reneesme and the Cullens, Leah for the simple sake of having something to do… and the fact that her resentment towards the powers-that-be and subsided and transformed into happiness and tranquility: she enjoyed the routine and rigidity that came with life as a Beta, the powers and authority that had been entrusted to her by her Alpha. But deep inside her, she knew that she would have to stop eventually. "I'll stop when you do." "What?" Jacob was looking at her, his face serious and no trace of humor present on the lines of his face. They still looked the same age as they had when they started phasing, so many years ago, but the knowledge and the wisdom that they had absorbed over the years was evident in their faces, their eyes. Leah studied him for a moment, trying to discern the obvious underlying meaning of his words. "I'll stop phasing with you. Alpha and Beta… we do it together." She scoffed and rolled her eyes. "What about Nessie?" Jacob's mouth twitched, before it pulled up into a bright smile, his bright smile, Jacob's smile. He turned away, training his eyes on the two distant figures across the meadow, heads bent together, talking earnestly about something Jacob himself could not understand. And as he did so, he couldn't help but notice how they fit together perfectly, how they were just the right height for each other, and just the right build, and how his slightly olive skin set off her own pale complexion: darkness and light, Nessie and Nahuel. The Cullens had extended their time in Forks for as long as they could but they eventually embraced their reality and started looking for a new place to which they could re-locate. Bella protested, obviously, and everyone had expected Jake to protest as well, but he couldn't find it within himself to do so. At first, his passiveness had confused him. Certain things were expected of him as an imprinted wolf, certain things which he had to feel, certain ways in which he had to act… but when he had been informed by Edward of their plans to move, Jacob hadn't reacted in the way everyone had expected him to. The Cullens had been prepared to watch the Alpha torn between two loves: his reservation and his imprint. They were ready to help him resolve his demons, and to find a way to make him happy, away from the reservation and with his imprint. But that wasn't required. His wolf knew full well that losing Reneesme would be painful. A part of his heart would always be with her… but his wolf also knew that, like Quil, a romantic relationship with Reneesme would be unnatural. She was soft, he was hard. She was flowers and lightness and perfection and he was the cold, hard earth beneath your feet, drenched in rain and mud. She was books and intellect and something beyond the Olympic Peninsula, whilst he was the essence of it, its spirit and its soul. She was lovely and beautiful and a good friend… but that was it. Like Quil, Jacob never harboured any romantic feelings towards the girl. The concept of imprinting and its purpose had been long discussed within the pack: when Quil had informed every one of his relationship with Chele, the other imprints had been terrified. What if the bond was not all it had been thought out to be? What if they became insignificant? Jacob had consoled his sister one too many times, quashing any worries and fears she had about her and Paul, reassuring her that there was no better match for him than her, and for her than him. "You calm him, Rach, you ground him. You are his earth." Everyone eventually accepted that, maybe, imprints were not only meant to warm the wolves' beds and give them pups and share a romantic relationship with them. Everyone also agreed that Quil and Jacob's situations were … wrong . Reneesme agreed, too. The girl was smart, sometimes a bit too much for Jacob's liking. She read and studied and wanted to learn all the time, and that was something Jacob could not give her. He was not book-smart, he couldn't keep up a conversation on politics or ethics to save his life, but he showed her a side to life that her parents and grandparents and her aunts and uncles never could. He gave her a childhood, for however brief a period, taking her to playgrounds and the beach and teaching her how to swim. Later, he would transfer these activities to his nieces and nephews, tagging Reneesme along whenever she felt like it. When she was old enough, Jacob had explained the concept of imprinting to her as best he could. He showed her all the possibilities, Sam and Emily, Paul and Rachel, Jared and Kim, Quil and Claire… they had a mature conversation about it, discussing its pros and cons, what it meant for the imprinter and the imprintee … why Leah had not imprinted… Reneesme had accepted all of Jacob's explanations, then went further, researching on her own as best she could about this vague concept, developing her own opinion about it. Jacob was her best friend. When her mom and dad could not go out into the sunshine, Jacob had always been there to take her out, show her the world of people and the world of the wolves. Billy would give her candies and tell her old stories, she'd meet up with Claire and play some stupid games that the human child would be fixated about for some time, she'd learn how to bake at Emily's house and run with Leah, exploring the woods around La Push until they knew them all perfectly. Jacob had given her a chance to see life on the reservation through his eyes, so that she would be able to understand what accepting the imprint would mean. This is my life , it seemed as if he was pleading to her. And it was a beautiful life, with love and family and friendship at the centre; with the rich smell of pines and soil surrounding you wherever you went, the small houses and the simple way of life, the happiness of seeing children born into the world without fearing for their safety, the importance of brotherhood and the pack. She liked the smallness of Jacob's world, how his eyes only saw as far as the La Push border would allow, how all that mattered in the world was the sandy beach of La Push and the thick woods around his home, how everything he could possibly ever need was there , along with his happiness. But that was not hers . Her world of books and knowledge compelled her to a greater life, a larger life, one beyond La Push… she didn't want La Push, she wanted the whole world. And she could never imagine Jacob in the world: Jacob with his funny jokes and his feet planted firmly in the soil, his brothers and sister and his huge family that was so alive and growing and happy. "You are my brother," she uttered, and the finality of her words filled Jacob with a sense of relief. They'd sat facing each other in a clearing when she was fully grown, when she had made her decision. Part of her felt selfish for putting his life on hold until she reached full maturity, but she knew that this was right ; she had taken this decision seriously and wanted to be old enough to do it well. It had taken Reneesme seven years to grow