Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight, or any of the characters mentioned here. Truth be told, I own nothing. Sad, huh? So, hello stranger who decided to click on my story! I won't try to promise that I will be the perfect fanfiction author who updates constantly and regularly , because for those of you who've already read my other unfinished story, they know it's not true. And, speaking of those who did read the other story- a few choice words: I'm real sorry about A New Beginning. I've reached a point in it that's really hard to pass, and I'm hoping *fingers crossed* that this story will be a sort of creative outlet, that will help me crack the code for the other story. Twisted hypothesis, but whatever. And, here it is, the first chapter. Don't judge my Leah too harshly (though criticism, both positive and negative, is greatly appreciated), but I felt that this was bound to happen to her, and she was about to do something like this. Enjoy! Chapter 1 I stood at the foot of the driveway, a hesitant smile on my lips, waiting for my mother to realise that I was waiting outside, waiting for her to come to me. I ran my fingers over the rim of the suitcase at my side, then I let out a low whistle, that had been a habit of mine when I was a young kid, and soon enough, the front door burst open and both Seth and Mom ran down the porch steps in my direction. "Oh my baby!" my mom yelped as she slammed into me and wrapped her arms around my neck like a steel vice. "Oh I've missed you so, so much!" I felt a warm hand at the small of my back, and I caught Seth looking at me from the corner of my eye. My mother eventually pulled away and Seth carried in my cases for me as I followed them inside. My childhood immediately came back to me then. It assaulted me, like a head-on collision, and I stood—momentarily stunned—in the hallway, gripping at the door frame. "What, are you just gonna stand there, Lee?" Seth said as he bounded down the stairs in one swift motion and enveloped me in a bear hug. "So much as happened since you left, Lee. You missed out on everything." "Tell me," my mom called from the kitchen as I heard an assortment of pots clanking against pans, " how'd it go?" "Which one?" I asked, venturing into the kitchen and leaning against the counter. "South America or India?" "Start with South America first." Of its own accord, my mouth pulled up into a huge smile. "It was beautiful. Ghana, Peru... Brazil was in carnival... Jesus, it drove me insane. The people at the hotel were real nice, and the kids there were so small... I truly felt like I was doing something worthwhile with them. Then India was totally different. I rode an elephant, mom, an elephant. " "Do you have photos?" Seth asked, looking at me curiously. "Only a couple of thousand. And I brought stuff for everyone," I stated, reaching for the backpack on my back and setting it down on the dining room table. I retrieved two little wooden boxes from my bag and turned around to face my Mom and Seth proudly. I opened one of them, and took out a small, silver, hand crafted elephant hanging from a black elastic thread. "This elephant brings good luck—see its upturned trunk? The Indians believe that it's a symbol for luck, and I got it for you, Seth. It's hanging from an elastic thread, so you can wear it in wolf form and human form all the time, because it will just stretch to fit your neck." He took it into his upturned palm and immediately looped it around his neck, studying it closely. "And for you, mom, I went to a silk market in India, and I was simply mesmerized," I began, bringing out an assortment of coloured clothes held together by a piece of string, "and I know how much you like to wear dresses..." I showed her one of them, holding it up for her to be able to see its proper length. "Oh, Leah," she said tearfully as she ran her fingers over the fine material of the dress. "They're so beautiful." "Yeah," Seth agreed, grinning at me exuberantly, but somehow, I realised that the smile didn't really reach his eyes. I figured I'd ask him about that later. "Do you want to go say hi to the others?" It'd been a year since I'd seen the pack: Sam, Jacob, Paul, Quil, Embry, Emily, Billy... everyone. I'd missed them, sure, but this trip had helped me to get over my hatred for Sam and Emily, and I was anxious to see if my days of meditation had worked. Also, I wanted to give my gifts to everyone. "Where would they all be?" "Let's go see Billy first. The others are probably all at Sam and Emily's," Mom announced, studying my face for my usual reaction to someone mentioning them. "There's so many surprises waiting for you, hon!" -:- "Little Leah Clearwater," Billy cried as I stepped through his front door, and he held his arms open for me. I walked straight into them—my second father—and I held him tightly. "You had us a bit worried there, Leah. How are you?" I smiled. "Much better. Don't expect too many tantrums from me anymore, Billy. I'm a much more... peaceful person, now. If you can call it that." He smiled. "As always, Leah, it's good to have you back. The pack felt your lack of presence greatly. They'll be so happy to see you. Get me anything good, love?" I smiled and opened my backpack again. "Slippers blessed by one of the monks I was with. He said they'll ward off bad spirits if you wear them, and bad dreams, too." Billy grinned as I put them on his feet and patted his knee gently. My mom handed him a cup of coffee and she smiled as she eyed the slippers. Seth had gone round to tell everyone I was back like... like I was the princess returning home. Yeah, right. "Thanks, Leah. No go off, show everyone that your pretty face as returned to La Push," he said, patting me on the shoulder. My mom bid me farewell as I set off, towards Sam's house. Somewhere, my heart clenched as I neared them. I hadn't phased in a year, but I think my wolf senses were waking up again as it grew re-accustomed to the Quileute air. I could feel the wolf inside me stretch and yawn as she woke up to the fresh smells. As I approached Emily's house, there was a cluster of people, squashed up on her front porch, watching me walk up to them silently. I smiled at them all, and when they saw that, it was as if all hell broke loose. Emily clambered down the steps and rushed towards me, but my gaze was trained on someone else. A young child was trying to climb down the stairs after Emily... a child who looked a lot like— "Leah!" Emily cried as she wrapped her arms around me. Up close, she did look a bit fuller, which probably explained the little—"How are you? Oh my, I've missed you so much! Don't you ever leave La Push again!" I smiled as she continued rambling on and on and on, running her fingers through my hair, patting my back. I watched as the others watched this exchange between us closely, probably waiting for me to push her away or growl at her or something. I didn't, and let her pull only when she felt the need to. "I want you to meet someone!" she chirped brightly, then grabbed my hand and towed me behind her up to the house. The little baby had reached the bottom step, and cooed happily when Emily reached him. She let go of my hand and scooped him up into her arms, bouncing him happily on her hip. "Leah, this is Levi. Levi," she said, letting him wrap his chubby fingers around her hand, "this is your Aunt Leah." The baby was just like the pictures I'd seen of Sam when he was a small kid. His big brown eyes, his chin-length black hair, his copper skin... I smiled and held my arms out for him. He did the same and I placed him against me, feeling content as this little kid stared up at me in wonder. Everyone else was smiling. Jared was hugging Kim to him, who in turn was rubbing her round belly. Paul and Rachel were smiling, Sam was watching me curiously, Quil was holding an excited Claire in her place, Embry was laughing and Collin and Brady were chuckling amongst themselves. My family. "Hi everyone," I said, nodding to all that were there. A chorus of 'Hello Leah' resounded amongst them, and it seemed to me that they were a bit apprehensive, or anxious about my returning. "I've... I've got gifts!" I announced, nodding with my head to the backpack on my back. Emily smiled brightly and, with her hand at the small of my back, she led me threw the throng of people into the house. Everyone followed me to the living room, where I settled down with Levi in my lap and placed the backpack on the coffee table. Everyone gathered around and sat at random intervals throughout the room. The first, was Emily's. "Emily, these are for you," I said, as I held up four packets of seeds, "they're traditional Indian flowers... for your garden." Emily clapped her hands in excitement and took them from my hands. "This is wonderful, Leah! Thank you!" For Rachel and Kim, I'd gotten silk dresses just like my mom's. Kim, obviously, couldn't fit into them as yet, but she thanked me just the same. Claire got string of braids she could thread through her hair that I'd found at some Brazilian market. "Now, you boys," I said, gathering all their attention. "You can thank me for this one." I got out five small glass bottles, sealed shut with a cork, and I gave one to each of them. "What are they?" "They're perfumes," they glared, "but they're not gay perfumes, you morons. I went to India, the place with the book ..." Realization dawned on their features and Paul grinned coyly. "It's alluring perfume, I guess. Makes a man more desirable, which you guys really need and all that," Paul growled, humouring me, and I just laughed. Then I stopped. "Where's Jacob?" I asked looking around at everyone. Rachel was the first to talk. "You've missed out on a lot, Lee. Jacob got married in January." I was shocked, to say the least. Little Jacob Black married. "Wow," was all I could manage. The question that followed was a stupid one, really, but I had to ask. "To whom?" Rachel rolled her eyes. "Bella, duh." "What happened to the Cullen boy?" Sam shrugged. "After the battle with the newborns... they just realised that if they stayed here any longer, they'd be doing each other and us harm. So the Cullens just up and left. Surprisingly, Bella and Edward finished on amicable terms. Surprisingly. " Again, "Wow. Jacob Black married. I missed out on a lot. How is he?" "They're living in Forks with Charlie right now until they save up for an apartment in Seattle so that Bella can go to college. But , Jake's still trying to convince her to move back to La Push so that he can open a garage down here to fix up cars. They alternate every two weeks; they're coming to bunk with Billy next week. You'll see him then. Or when he calls a pack meeting." " He