A/N: Hello, dear readers! Me again! This story is basically a set of drabbles centered around Katniss and Peeta having children. The different chapters don't necessarily connect to one another, but they are sort-of related. Well, I'll let you use your judgment. Nor is there necessarily a 'plot' other than Katniss and Peeta having children. Please enjoy and think about leaving a review at the end of the chapter! Enjoy! My Little Mockingjay It took five, ten, fifteen years for me to agree. But Peeta wanted them so badly. When I first felt her stirring inside of me, I was consumed with a terror that felt as old as life itself. Only the joy of holding her in my arms could tame it. Carrying him was a little easier, but not by much. I would never have children. I swore against it. I would never go through the heartache of having to watch, helpless, as my children's names went in that glass ball to enter a fight to the death. I would keep them safe by never having them. Never even letting them enter this cold, cruel, screwed up world. My resolution was only hardened when my own name was drawn. When I became a tribute, then a Victor, than a tribute again, and finally the face of the rebellion, the rallying cry, the mockingjay. No. I would never have children after that. I was too broken. I would be a terrible mother. And with Peeta unable to look at me without the Capitol-owned part of his brain telling him to kill me and Gale having pretty much killed my sister? Children were out of the question. But one thing threw a wrench in my plans. I survived. And Peeta survived. And we grew back together. And we were no longer star-crossed lovers. We were . . . us. We are us. We went through hell and back together and nothing could change that. No one could understand me like he could, and no one could understand him like I could. We were bonded together for life, through experiences if not in words and official documents. For better or worse. And it couldn't get much worse than it already had. So things could only get better. Agonizingly slow, yes, but better. It took us years to get to a point where we were, if not content, if not satisfied, at least somewhat happy. As in not totally depressed. At least Peeta's flashbacks were at a minimum and I only woke up screaming once a week. My bad days were limited to once a month. Things were getting better. So of course I started to fear they would become worse. And they did. Or, at least, to me they did. It all started with a single sentence, five years after my return to District 12. "Katniss, do you ever think about having children?" Yes, that simple sentence that simultaneously fills me with dread and guilt, and marks the end of no expectations between us. Because once again I feel like I've tricked Peeta. Have I ever thought about having children? Yes. Yes, in fact, I thought about it quite a lot, actually. But the thought was never in the sense that I might actually have children. It was more of in the sense that I feared having children. An accident is my biggest fear, surpassed only by the fear of losing Peeta. This is why I take every single precaution before I even think of entering the bedroom. It's expensive medicine, sure, but it's not like we don't have the money. The truth is, is that I can't bear to have children. I can't stand the thought. If I'm so afraid for my children's lives before they were even born then the fear would only get much, much worse if we actually had children. And Peeta…yes…I know that he thinks about it. I can tell by the look in his eyes right now. I can tell by remembering the way he talked about our 'baby' during the Quarter Quell. I can tell because he would be such a wonderful father. And he's Peeta. Of course he wants kids. And I have not and will never speak a word of them to him. Except to tell him 'no.' God, I'm a bitch. And a selfish one, at that. "I don't want to have children," I tell him. Seems I really am a selfish bitch. "Oh," he says. To his credit, Peeta hides his disappointment well. But not well enough. I can tell by the way he turns his back to me. The way his shoulders slump and his head hangs. I bury my nose in the newspaper, not reading it. All I can think of is how horrible of a person I am. A terrible, terrible person. The guilt is so overwhelming I feel like crying. Tears prick my eyes and I'm grateful for my hiding place behind the District Twelve Crier. If he knew how horrible I felt for denying him children then…well, it wouldn't be good. "Why not?" I hear him ask. I know he's staring at the headline of the paper, trying to see my expression through it. Heat floods through me at the question. A question I don't want to answer. "Because," I say lamely. I hear his uneven footsteps cross the kitchen and stop in front of me. The top of my paper crinkles down and his blue eyes peer at me over the top. Slightly confused, somewhere between disappointed and a hint of amused. "You do realize you're reading this upside down, right?" he says. I focus on the paper and sure enough the words are all upside down. My cheeks burn and I tug the papers out of his grasp, flip it right side up, and hide my face back behind it. "Katniss," says Peeta quietly. Tears prick my eyes again. Get a grip, Katniss. Time to harden your heart. It's kind of hard to do, though, with a husband like mine. Who makes me feel those emotions that are supposed to make me human. It started with a burnt loaf of bread and a debt I can never repay and it hasn't gone away since. "Katniss," he says again. This time his tone, so soft and gentle, with just the right hint of pleading and pain that it blurs my eyes with tears. I continue to ignore him. But when Peeta wants attention, he gets attention. And if I am reluctant to give it to him than he will drag it out of me. His hand closes on the top of the paper and gently tugs it from my grasp. He folds it back up and places it out of reach, his eyes burning into the top of my head, because with lack of anything else to hide me I decide to look down at my hands. His fingers slide under my chin, force my head up, forcing my gaze to meet his. He studies my face, eyebrows drawn together, trying to figure out what's going on in my head. "Why don't you want children, Katniss?" he murmurs. My bottom lip trembles. A shallow, shuddering breath escapes me and the tears threaten to spill over. Only Peeta could have this kind of effect on me. And he's not even doing it on purpose. It's just who he is. So kind and good and hopeful that he honestly has no idea why I wouldn't want to bring children into this screwed up world. He has no idea what he does to me. I tear my gaze away from him, push his hands down away from my face. I get up from the table and go to the window to turn my back to him, crossing my arms tightly over my chest. I can sense Peeta's confusion. "Katniss, I—" "I just don't, Peeta!" I snap. "I don't want kids! I can't do it! I can't face it! I don't want to have children!" And without looking at him, because it's much easier to ignore his hurt than face it, I storm from the room, escaping out the backdoor. I cross the yard and jump over the low wall. I'm hardly aware of where I'm going. I just know I have to walk. I have to run. I have to escape from my problems. Try to outdistance my thoughts with the speed of my stride. It's not working. Why… why …why oh why did Peeta have to do this to me? WHY? Everything was fine. Everything was getting better. And then he springs this on me. Like it's nothing. Like it would make me happy to think about having children. Well, he's wrong about that. If I have children I will live the rest of my life in fear. Terrible fear. And guilt. I might as well throw that in there as well, because I can't subject anyone—especially someone I'm sure to love—to live in this cruel world. Where people starve and die and we do cruel, horrible things like send children to fight to the death. Where we destroy each other to near extinction… A strangled chocking sound escapes my throat. Even though I never looked at Peeta's face I can imagine the pain there. I know I've hurt him. I hate that I've hurt him. It's a necessary evil. I will not—I refuse—to have a child. Why not, Katniss? Angry tears stream down my cheeks, only making it halfway before they freeze to my cheeks. I'm an idiot. It's the middle of winter and I walked out of the house without so much as a coat. Lucky I had my boots on. I'm too afraid to go back and get my coat. I keep walking. Faster. Faster. I'm running. I'm sprinting. If I run fast enough I might just outdistance my feelings. I hate myself. I hate myself. I hate myself… How can I be such a bitch to the one person who loves me so unconditionally? To the one person who has always , always stayed with me? Who I know will never leave me. Or, if he is somehow ripped from me, as when he was highjacked, will move heaven and earth and overcome the impossible to find his way back to me. I'm such a cold, heartless bitch. At last when my breath comes in sharp, ragged gasps and the stich in my side becomes immobilizing, I come to an abrupt halt and fall to my knees. I bury my face in my hands, trying to catch my breath coming out in puffs of white cloud, making wheezing noises. And I try, fruitlessly, to staunch my tears. When I start to shiver from the cold I look up, sniffing. Through blurry tears I observe where my feet have taken me. I shouldn't be all that surprised. Fate has a way of reminding me of all that Peeta's done for me time and time again. I look upon a familiar sight. I'm even sitting underneath the apple tree. The warm glow of the bakery spills over the snow, exuding warmth and life. And suddenly I am eleven years old again, starving, on the brink of death, huddled against the rain, defeated. And the kind blonde boy with the purple bruise blooming on his cheek is ripping off chunks of burnt bread to feed the pigs, checking if the coast is clear, and tossing the warm loaves to me. The boy with the bread. I sit, lost in thought, in memories, huddled against the cold. How did someone as selfish as me end up with someone so selfless as Peeta? Move, Katniss, I tell myself. If I stay here in the cold much longer I'll freeze to death. And Peeta would not be pleased with that. I stand, shivering. I don't have to fight back new tears because they've already frozen. The bakery pulls me in, calls to me. I walk to the backdoor