There's a vicious knock at the door. Even Katniss Everdeen winces at the splintering sound of wood echoing through her Seam house. Her mother rushes to the door, ready to open it to whoever huddles on the other side. Katniss turns back to the stove, thinking it's just another patient. She doesn't want to be seen or look at who it is. The scent of blood alone is enough to make her stomach turn. She figures the victim is claimed by October's sudden chilled air, to the black ice that has taken residence on District 12's dirt road. But she's wrong. It's been a rainy and shivering fall. Colder than she can ever remember. Food is scarcer than winters before, making her pants already loose even though it's only Fall. Her mother's had few patients. Leaving Katniss, as usual, the responsibility to feed the household. She's boiling water and ginger root found in the woods just to make something warm for her family. But now there's finally a knock. And even though someone was hurt, it means they might be able to eat tomorrow. So she's hopeful and praying that it is another patient. Even if it's just for money. And it is another patient. Just one, being carried sloppily by another person. A flurry of blonde hair makes its way into her dull house. She barely even glances their way. Instead, she continues to stir the broth at the stove, trying it tepidly, unsurprised at how tasteless it is. She furrows her head down, knowing a Merchant is there, and she'd give anything to be invisible. She can hear a stifled gasp and a quiet groan of pain. She's tempted to look even if it's just to see who it is. But just the thought of blood keeps her turned away. Years as a hunter could never prepare her for human pain. But when Mrs. Everdeen tells Katniss to boil more water and get a basin ready, Katniss finally looks up and sees him. Her first thoughts are: Not him . Why did she pray before? A shoulder out of place. A swollen eye socket. Blood matted in blonde curls. Peeta Mellark has seen better days. Better ones on the wrestling mat. Better ones at the bakery. And certainly better days in the school's labyrinth hallways. She's suddenly overturned with nausea, not from the blood, or disjointed shoulder. Not even from the grotesque eyelid. She's sick because she's knows exactly who has done this. She knows who's responsible. Mothers aren't meant to hit their children. But when Peeta Mellark's sole cerulean eye meets hers, she has to look away because she's afraid of what her silver orbs may betray. Katniss is inept at healing, she's better at killing things than helping nurse them back to health. So when Mrs. Everdeen tries to get her to help, Prim steps in. Prim, her darling younger sister who has inherited Mrs. Everdeen's knack for nursing. Grasping the role of an adult healer, even though she's just hit reaping age, Prim flurries around the kitchen, taking charge of the storm that Peeta Mellark has started in their small four room home. Prim quickly pushes the table against a wall and sits him on the small wooden table, keeping him propped on the wall as they examine him. Katniss hears words muttered. Concussion. Dislocation. Periorbital hemotoma. Katniss doesn't understand any of these words. They're as foreign as the capitol's heavy accents spoken on television, but she does understands the concept. Peeta Mellark is in poor shape. So poor, that they have to hold him down to splinter his shoulder back into place. His painful whimpers ricochet off the walls only to reverberate repeatedly in her mind that is still huddled in on itself unable to mutter a word of reassurance to the man on her dining table. She wants to smile at him. To give him a small and comforting gesture as her mother snaps his shoulder back into place. But she can't, she refuses to do that. It has been far too long for her to acknowledge Peeta Mellark. Even if it's because of him that she can smile. Because of that day. Years ago. The first time she noticed Peeta Mellark and his kindness. But, Peeta Mellark is kind to everyone. His kindness concerning her had nothing to do with her, or his feelings towards her . When he tossed her a loaf of bread as she scourged his trashcans for any type of food, Peeta Mellark was just being kind. And she never even acknowledged him. She never even said thank you. She hates herself for it. A bitter seed planted in her stomach the next day when he looked bruised and battered. She never asked to be saved. And even if that's true, she still feels indebted to Peeta Mellark, she still feels guilty. She wonders who he rescued today, if he played hero for some other person. Maybe, if Katniss could admit her faults, she'd begin to understand how she knew Peeta Mellark was kind. Besides that incident. But she can't admit her faults, and she can't admit feeling anything for Peeta Mellark other than cold indifference. She doesn't acknowledge the warm and longing looks he gives her in school. She doesn't acknowledge a stuttering heart beat when she catches him. Indifference. That is Katniss Everdeen's key emotion. Well, that and stubbornness. So, Katniss moves to her room, locking herself in it, afraid of when she'll have to come out and see Peeta. And even though she's a room away, she can hear every word between the healer and her patient. There's nothing Mrs. Everdeen can do for his black eye, other than salves and remedies from plants, but that's not the problem. The problem is the concussion, she hears her mother say to Mr. Mellark. They need to keep Peeta under supervision, watch his progress and make sure he doesn't fall asleep for at least another two hours. If he does, it could lead to coma. She can hear Peeta agree, he'll stay awake. But even Katniss, with an untrained ear, can hear the slight slurring in Peeta speech, a symptom of the unfixable. Her mother tells Mr. Mellark to go home. That he can't help and the best thing he could do is stay away for the night. Mrs. Everdeen will take the first watch, Prim will be second, and unfortunately for Peeta, Katniss will take the third. Or, that's what Mrs. Everdeen tells Mr. Mellark. At first, she's angry that her mother dares to speak for her. Angry that she cannot speak for herself, but even Katniss knows she would not volunteer unless she were forced into the role and that is exactly what her mother has done. But then she realizes it is not anger, but fear. She, Katniss Everdeen, is afraid to be in the room with the bakers son. There's too much history that confuses Katniss. Too many caught glances between them, and tension. There is so much tension. She wants nothing to do with him and she's afraid that if she stays with him she will not want nothing. Prim smiles at Katniss when she enters their shared room a few minutes later telling her that Katniss will watch him from three to six. She just has to make sure Peeta Mellark sleeps safely. "He'll be ok as long as he's breathes regularly , " Prim whispers before settling into their double bed, snuggling against her sister. Katniss wakes up at three to reprieve her sister and finds Peeta Mellark sleeping soundly. With a heavy gut, she takes a seat to his left, her mind drifting to the outside, listening to the wind rattle the old windows of her house. By three-thirty Peeta Mellark starts to twist and turn, kicking the blanket off of himself. She watches him finally. Looking at his face, her eyes intimately tracing the lines of bruises and zeroing on his shoulder that's in white cloth. Even through the linen she can see the bruises. She has to suppress a scoff, not understanding how someone as decent as Peeta Mellark can come from pure… evil. Because Peeta Mellark is decent. And Kind. And just so… good. And no one good should ever live in Panem, let alone District 12. But there are many things about her world she does not understand, Peeta Mellark's family only just makes the list. He starts to whimper and moan, she wonders if she should wake him up. A part of her wants to get her mother or even Prim. She can't take care of this… Merchant. She can't wake up and see his eyes staring at her again. She doesn't know the first thing about healing. She'll basically kill him; and even though Katniss is afraid of Peeta Mellark, the last thing she wants to do is murder him. She should stand and get her mother. Instead, without a real reason for doing so, Katniss reaches out to his good shoulder and abruptly shakes Peeta awake. She immediately regrets it and curses her rash behavior. He probably wasn't even in danger, and she's confused. Confused. She's confused as to why she did that, why when she touched his shoulder her stomach dropped. She scowls just at the thought. The less talkative she is, the better it will be. His eyes open with a start, but he looks around the room as if confused. Unaware of where he is or why he is there. Then she can see every emotion flicker through his eyes, until they finally settle on realization, widening at memories. She feels like an intruder on the inner workings of brutal memories, a stranger just witnessing through windows. His eyes shift over to hers, and once again she has to look away, his nude chest finally making itself known. He coughs lightly, clearing his throat. "Hi." Katniss' glances back to him, "Hi." There is a stifling silence in the Everdeen home. "Sorry, you were making noise." Why did she wake him? Now she actually has to talk to him. "It's fine, your sister did the same thing earlier." He says, struggling to sit up against the wood wall, the blanket falling farther from his chest, she averts her eyes back to the window. "Said I was fidgeting." But his explanation takes a second seat to his bare chest that doesn't go unnoticed to Katniss. A rising heat warming itself up her neck and settling on her cheeks. "You should stay down." He smiles, "I should?" "Yes." She's only now realizing that there's a splintering piece of glass on the window to her house. How strange she's never noticed. "Your mother said I should sit up each time I wake up. She said it helps the blood flow." Her gaze snaps back to Peeta's amused expression, "Oh. Right. Uhm, yeah. Ok." Katniss moves to help him, her hands finding purchase on his one good shoulder, awkwardly sitting him up. She ignores any heat that rushes to her face as she looks at her hands, fully aware of Peeta's sharp gaze on her face. She knows she's not pretty. And she know's that he is probably counting each flaw on her flushed face, each bag under her eye. Looking at her deep olive skin and wondering why he helped her all those years ago. She should have said thank you. Her guilt is still creeping beneath her skin, festering to the point of boils that he can see under his heavy gaze and probably detests. "Thank you," he whispers. His plump lips puckering at the end of his sentence, and Katniss watches them. Not even acknowledging why they're so fascinating. She nods abruptly and standing to get him a glass of water. Moving away from him if only to be able to breathe, angry that two words come so easy to him when they elude her at every turn. She hands him