No Copyright Infringement Intended: The theme of this story will be all the classic 80s jams, inspired by Pretty Woman, staring Julia Roberts and Richard Gere. One of my favorite RomComs. You'll notice some of the lines are the same as the films, it's because they're classics, but this is the only chapter so far that I've written that has the same quotes. I hope you enjoy. I also don't have a beta, so any mistakes I make are mine and mine alone. Pretty Woman, walking down the street. "So… Fuck, Kill, Marry." With a smack of her gum, Madelyn Undersee continues, "George Clooney, Anderson Cooper, or…" She pauses staring at her screwed-up reflection in the old mirror, "Shit. Who's that really hot guy? He's in that movie about the boat. He's old," she details, smacking her tootsie bubble gum and fighting to keep the towel straitened under her arms. "Peter O'Toole," Katniss guesses, while flipping through her ancient copy of Forbes. She makes a face, "Ew no. Ugh. You know him, he was Gatsby." But Katniss is completely and 100% uninterested. Fuck, Kill, Marry , what is she twelve? "Snap it out," the brunette suggests not looking up from her daily reading as she waits for her barely damp hair to dry. Madge continuously snaps the air and her gum, much to Katniss' annoyance. It takes a full minute and twenty-six seconds for Madge to think, her fingertips burning from the constant motions. "Robert Redford!" She exclaims clapping her hands with a giddy smile. "So George Clooney, Anderson Cooper, and... Robert Redford," Katniss repeats, dropping her magazine onto her poorly kept bed. "Well Anderson Cooper's gay, would he be gay in this situation?" "Depends if your comfortable with taking it in the ass." "Hmm, ok, well," Katniss thinks for a minute, different scenario's flopping through her head. "Would George Clooney actually settle down?" "Jesus Christ, Katniss, it's a fucking game. Perfect world, perfect situation." "Fine," she huffs. "Marry Cooper, fuck Clooney, and kill Redford. Only because I'm not sure what he looks like." "Preach!" Madge cheers, pumping her fist in the air. "Ok your turn! Be inventive, that was my old foxes category." Katniss looks around their shared Los Angeles apartment, searching for innovation. She eyes their collection of wigs hanging on the opposite side of the wall. Bald men! She'll do bald men: Bruce Willis… Bruce Willis…. … Ok. Fuck that. Their apartment is nothing special. It's run down, in the bad area of town, and located on the top floor. She's six stories up and resides next to a crack dealer. Or at least that's what Katniss suspects from the revolving front door of poor, mixed race miscreants with sunken cheeks and missing teeth. Nothing welcomes Katniss home like the average drug dealer. The apartment's red walls are chipped, there are no curtains on the windows, and the only way to tell the difference from Katniss' and Madge's rooms is a cracked folded screen they scored from the dumpster behind Pier 1. It wasn't much, but it was home. A home that still isn't inspiring Katniss with a good round of Fuck, Kill, Marry. The room's walls are donned with makeup stains. The floor has crumpled clothes and magazines. Magazine! Celebrities! She already knows what Madge would sarcastically say, 'How original Katniss,' or 'You suck at this.' "Any day now," Madge sings, brushing her blonde hair in the old, fogged mirror. Katniss sends a glare her way. If she were a magician, daggers would be surrounding Madge's delicate, shiny little head. The type of head that was so different from her own. The two couldn't be more different. Madge is blonde, perky, blue eyed, and pale; she has beautiful pink porcelain skin that looks as young as her six-year-old step sister, Madge's skin doesn't look as used as she is. Instead, she looks like the typical teen cheerleader, Quinn Fabray and all. Katniss is the complete opposite. Her deep olive skin is marred with a dark, single lined, angry scar that cuts on the underside of her chin to the dip below her plump and perpetually scowling lips. When she was younger, Katniss' mother told her that she had gypsy blood in her, and throughout her dysfunctional childhood, she pretended she was Esmerelda. Just so she could brag, she'd wear long skirts and prance around barefoot. She even played the tambourine in band at Panem South High School (before she sucked off the band teacher, Mr. Cray, at fourteen). Katniss catches her reflection in the mirror and realizes how unlike Esmerelda she looks now. Now, she's just angry, all the time, and years of a starving and stressful environment, left her body frail. It's been three months since she had to forego food for other necessities, but her body was just beginning to recover. If she could she'd go back and transform herself to Esmerelda, perhaps go to Disney and become a princess; that's the dream for everyone right? DISNEY CHARACTERS! That's new, innovative - and... creepy. Katniss knows it's creepy. As she scowls at Madge's impatience, she looks down at her faded green bed comforter and stares at her folded Forbes magazine - BILLIONAIRES. She could do that. Ok, Bill Gates, Warren Buffet, two easy ones right there. Katniss flips quickly through her copy of Forbes 100 Richest People Alive from 2010. She quickly flipped through the pages scanning, haphazardly, she played the finger game, wherever her moving finger landed that would be the mark. She closed her eyes, moved her finger, and... voilá! Mellark. She could work with him. "Ok." Katniss' voice gives away her excitement and Madge twirls around to look at her. "Fuck, Kill, Marry: Bill Gates, Warren Buffet, or, drum roll please, Leavened Mellark." Madge's mouth drops. "What. The actual. Fuck? Who is Leavened Mellark? Is this category old men who are not good looking? God you're the worst." Instantly defensive, Katniss argues, "It's billionaires." "Oh my god, throw that out. I bet you half those men are dead." Madge jokes flippantly then sneaks a side glance over at her. "What's Leavened look like?" Katniss shrugs, "There's only a name. His net-worth is 12.4 bill though. He's number 89." "Google him." If Katniss had a dollar for every time Madge told her to google something, she would be a billionaire. And technically, this would be the first time Katniss could google someone. Madge just gave Katniss her old iPhone and, while it had a crack on the front screen, it's one of the nicest things Katniss has ever owned. "My phones charging." It isn't charging, Katniss just can't afford a data plan yet, she's saving up. All she really needs it for is to call the only number saved in her phone book. Madge shrugs her petite, bare shoulders and walks to use her new iPhone, sent from Daddy Undersee to buy his lost daughter's love. After three painful minutes, Madge sighs, "He's dead." Katniss frowns, he was only 56 in 2010. Maybe it is time for Katniss to get rid of this magazine. But, it's sentimental to her. It was the first thing she bought when she got to LA with big dreams to one day land on this very list. The dreams faded quickly though, her failure was not something to dwell on. And if Katniss got rid of this magazine, her failure would be all too real. One more month. Just one more month then she'll pack it up, throw it out, and go back home. "I'll pretend it's 2010 for you, cause he's kinda hot." Madge carelessly tosses her phone to her bed, where it lands with a thunk. She sighs, "Ok, so I'll marry Leavened, 'cause he's sexy and kinda looks like my ex's dad. Killin' Buffet, 'cause he's old an, and I'll fuck Gates." Madge drops her towel and walks to her dresser and pulls out an outfit. "Can you imagine being worth 12 billion dollars? Like Jesus." "No, I can't," Katniss stares at Mellark's name in slight mourning, tracing her finger over her only kin to him. In the end, the money didn't even help the old bastard; her estranged Grammie, a solid 98 was still kicking it and couldn't be worth more than 40 grand. Money don't stop death. "Where do you think the money went?" Madge calls over her shoulder, pulling on fishnet stalkings over her creamy thighs. "Probably to his poor, widowed wife," Katniss throws the magazine back down on her bed and stands up. She moves to the mirror, while fluidly braiding her hair. By the time she gets to her reflection, the braid is already complete. But she doesn't need the mirror for her braid, no she needs it to study her reflection and check the bags under her eyes. God, she looks nothing like Esmerelda. "Hmmm Leavened Mellark." Madge looks through her phone, quickly going to his wikipedia page. "Leavened Mellark, married to one Stella McCormick Mellark," she scrolls down to death and family aftermath. Quickly, she scans the short paragraph, learning all about Leavened Mellark, his three sons, and his Stella. "According to wikipedia, Leavened left his fortune to his sons. Oh wow," Madge breaths. "What?" Katniss asks, tying her braid to a flat bun on her head and pulling on a wig that faded from black routes to blonde ends. It was short, ending just below her chin, framing her face. Rock Chic, that's what she was going for tonight. "His sons are stone cold foxes." Madge fans herself exaggeratedly while wiggling her eyebrows in Katniss' direction. "Well at least an Aish Mellark is." "Let me see," Katniss says pinning her wig into her head. Madge walks over, finally taking in her roommate's ombre hair. "Nice Everdeen, I'd fuck you," she winks, thrusting her phone to Katniss' waiting hands. There are no pictures or pages dedicated to any of the sons, only a picture of Aish at a conference. He is hot. With blonde hair and blue eyes, and boney fe- "Gale just sent you a dick pic," Katniss puffs handing the phone back to Madge, while slowly turning on her heel to walk to her side of the room, picking up her outfit from the stained carpet. Tonight, she'll bag a rich one. She prays, hopes. She has bills to pay and cash to send home. She needs the money. Prim needs the money. Madge giggles from her side of the room, "Ooooooh, he manscaped." Pretty Woman, the Kind I like to Meet. Cops are everywhere these days. It pisses the girls off to no end. Not just Madge and Katniss, but the other girls too. It's getting harder and harder to work the streets, just another reason to quit, and Katniss tucks that away in the back of her mind. But she knows, this isn't a lifestyle so easily given up, so easily traded in for normalcy. Her lips turn down at the thought. She may never get out. Before the girls walk to their corner, they stop for a drink at the Hob. A ritual to take the edge off their impending night. Madge, with her perky little tits hanging out of her red dress, saunters over to the bar, smirking at the people that surrounded them. They are regulars. She presses herself to the cool shelf leaning over trying to get the bartender, Darius Rose's, attention. Katniss trails behind her of course, strutting in her chunky heels and unknowingly turning the heads of many balding men in the bar. Black skirt snugly slung across her hips After Darius passed them, not once- but twice, Madge calls out to him slamming her palm on the bar. "Hey, Darius, can I get some damn service over here?" Sure, it's busy, a lot of people coming in at this time of night. Nine-thirty brought all lonely men and women out, the shows had just ended, and people needed somewhere to go. When Darius doesn't turn or