I signed the divorce papers tonight. The ink barely dried before I chugged the rest of the bottle of red wine that stained my scowl, and if I were sentimental I'd admit it stained my mind to the point where my vision blurred. The wine, similar to my idiotic stubbornness, made me forget about what mattered. But I wouldn't go there. Not tonight. Not on the night where I severed all ties to the past ten years of my life as Katniss Mellark. So instead, I chugged my Pinot Noir until my mind was besotted and blotched over. I remember the first time we met, his ridiculous confession of a crush he had on me for years, when he watched me patiently like the stalker I accused him of being. I remember our first kiss, behind the brick slab of his bakery; him smelling of dill and my scent one of forest greenery. I remember the first intimacy, bearing not only our bare bodies but our engaged hearts. Of all the things I remember, none of it can answer why this, or why now. How did we end up like this. How did we end up an unfixable mess like drunken scholars' impressing their astute professors at a college bar. It cannot work. And just when I put my red wine down, ready to slip the papers in a manilla folder so it can go to my attorney in the morning, I look down at the signatures. I flip through the pages staring at the different conditions he signed off, but then I get through the last page and my temper flashes. Mine is there and his is not. He signed every document but the last one as if hoping to send a big fuck you. He was not unfamiliar to stubborn and quiet aggression, but I was. I take the papers in my hand, flustered and angry at his blind, or maybe purposeful, mistake. I stagger to my purse, scramble my iPhone out of a pocket and heatedly slam my passcode onto the glass screen. And then I call him. It's an accident really, or so a quiet voice advises me it is. It's such a mishap that the same hushed voice blames it on the wine that made me see a violent red. "Umppfhello," he answers groggy from sleep. "You didn't sign the fucking papers," I snap through the phone. "Huh" "What the fuck. Peeta, you promised me you would do this for me, you would give me my independence, and you didn't even sign the last paper." Not that he can see me but I'm flailing my arms like a madwomen, punctuating my words with my gestures and snarling my mouth. "What time is it," he asks, his voice more alert but still sounding like the smokey gravel that once made my stomach flip with anticipation. I slump to the couch. I won't answer him, he knows I won't. "Jesus it's two in the morning, what are you doing awake?" "Trying to enjoy the freedom that you promised me." I cover my eyes with my forearm, everything is spinning so roughly. "Are you drunk?" He accused "Hmm?" I bolt upright once his words slip through my consciousness. How dare he judge me. "What? No. Are you drunk? Because you forgot to sign your fucking name." He's silent. The phone is silent. I check my phone, shake it even, maybe the airwaves are being caught by the government and that's why I can't hear. I wait. Maybe the FBI intercepted to call to tell him that we have to remain together like pawns in their own torturous games. "Are you still there?" He takes his time answering, slowly, but he eventually hums. I hear ruffling and puffs of air and the slamming of a screen door. I imagine him padding onto our deck, barefooted in those faded grey slacks and his pale chest bathed in moonlight. His short blonde curls flows through the wind and his eyes are shut, he's just silently formulating thoughts. I'm about to hang up this nonsensical call and resume my date with Pinot, but he answers. His voice is slow, even, and barely a whisper that still leaves me winded and gasping like hitting the ground after falling from the highest tree. "Is this something you really want Katniss? It's not just you giving up on us?" I bite my lip because he sounds so tragic, so done and given up. I take a deep breath because I know this is exactly what he needs to hear. "Yes. I need this," I answer. He sighs, it's a ragged breath, and he coughs. "I'll come to the apartment and sign the papers then." "Don't think that by coming here I'll change my mind Peeta, because I can't, I won't. I can't," shit. I'm drunk. I know this and I hyperventilate I am not about to cry, no I'm just catching my breath because I got up from the couch too quickly and the blood rushed to my head. "I won't." "Ok." "Ok, I'll get dressed and come now." "See you soon." I whisper "Bye," he responds in his own hushed tones. "Peeta," I harshly murmur. "Drive safe." "See you soon." I hang up and throw my phone on the marble kitchen counter and open a new bottle of wine. I typically would hide the finished bottle underneath the boxes in the recycling bin, because he hated when I drank, but I leave it out. I'm no longer his and he no longer has a right to tell me what I can do. I pour a new dauntingly large glass and sit on one of the barstools around the kitchen counter. I casually sip on my wine as my mind slips in and out of memories with him, like when he made me my favorite grained bread and brought it to me in bed for days on end to comfort me in my comatose state. Or before that, like when he said I'd be the worst food taster. It's like his voice is sitting next to me, recalling the scene as I slip into this frightful and formidable memory. We're in our living room, resting on the couch. I'm gobbling down his treats from the bakery, only taking a break from swallowing the chocolate cookies to take a sip from my glass of milk. My back rests against his chest, my legs are encased in his, and his callused hands slowly rub circles on my bloated belly. " You wouldn't be able to tell chocolate chip cookies from sugar cookie," he lightheartedly jokes into my hair, his nose takes a deep breath and lips slowly kiss my crown as I gulp down the milk. I chuckle at him and some of the milk dribbles down my chin, "Is that a challenge bread boy?" " It is bow girl." " Then blindfold me and lets find this out. " He was right. I was the worst taste tester, but to my dying breath I will swear he switched the cookies on me. Minutes must have trickled by because suddenly there's a rustling outside the apartment. I open my eyes when the lock is being opened, theres a jerked push, the door opens and my stomach falls, out of habit; like the time I stood there with a burden of news on my shoulders. "You need to get that door fixed." He says glancing at the wine in my hand and turns to shut the door. He walks over to me, and stands on the opposite side of the counter. "Want a glass?" "No that's ok." I roll my eyes. Saint Peeta, ever the perfect man to never fall to the wiles of alcohol. "Where is the paper you're so concerned about?" I gulp the rest of my wine down, not even tasting it as I clunk the glass down and stumble gracefully over to the coffee table where I sat them. I ignore the spinning and concentrate on my feet pounding the floor. I grab the papers, that are folded over to his missing signature, and bring them back to him only to find his eyebrows raised and a small smirk on his lips. "What," I grumble. "Nothing," he chuckles and plucks a pen from one of the draws in front of him. Suddenly his frown is gone and raised eyebrows become knit and tense across his forehead. I put the paper down in front of him and slide back onto the stool. He coughs and moves his pen down the paper reading through each line. It takes a while, but he eventually looks at me wearily and says, "I'll take that glass of wine now." I point to the cabinet that is behind his head, he pulls a large glass over and I fill it, quite generously. He reads the document slowly, his concentrating face is on, the one where his tongue slips through his lips and rests to the left. I study his hands, they're strong and capable of so many things. My cheeks flush, I don't know whether to admit that its from the wine or other hand related memories of white sheets and circling fingers in between my thighs. His hands that created murals in vacant rooms in our house. He sighs and looks at me, he's at the bottom and reaches for the glass. Without taking his eyes off of mine he gulps the glass down and plumps it back on the counter. "Liquid courage?" "I just take these things seriously." His voice ricochets off the wall and only comes back to slap me in the face. An irrational heat flushes my hollow cheeks. "You take these things seriously? Seriously?" I grunt, my voice filled with a venom that sounds foreign to my own ears. It's like I'm watching some other person inhabit my body. "And I don't. I don't take this seriously?" I gesture to the papers on the counter. He shakes his head, not like he's disagreeing, but like he's clearing his mind. In one final moment he floats the pen across the line. It was so fast, so pointed and steady that I couldn't believe he did it. It was just so final in that moment. And I thought I would be elated, but instead the hole in my heart just gapes larger. He puts the pen down, takes the bottle, fills his glass again and chugs it. There is silence again, just like the phone only this time I can see that his blue eyes are dark with regret and doubt. I can see that they are engulfed in black bags that were not meant to be there. Then I realize, this is my first time seeing him in six weeks. Six whole weeks without looking at Peeta Mellark. His shoulders are slumped, defeated and he glances at the paper, his eyes drooped with emotions. "Well," he coughs awkwardly. "Goodbye Katniss," he says and turns around. "Uh uh, you just chugged wine and you think you're getting behind a car, you're crazy." I walk after him slithering between him and the door and post my body against it. "I think I'll be ok with some wine," he takes me by the shoulders and moves me, but I stay planted firm in my spot. I jut my chin out and my scowl thickens. "You never answered me." "I don't need to anymore, wasn't that the point of this?" He asks, genuine, and soft. "No, that's not what this was about Peeta." I argue, the alcohol blurred everything. Why did I want this? "I want my freedom." He chuckles and shakes his head. "Goodbye Katniss." "No. Answer me." I push him back and lock the door behind me. "No." he reaches behind me and unlocks it. This is how we meet. A tree that won't bow and the wind that howls against its branches. "Answer. Me." I grunge out,