Rigor Mortis Rating: M for gore and horror etc. Smut will enter later. There's a trigger warning on this chapter for scenes of child abuse/death. Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters in Rigor Mortis or Twilight. If I did that would be really bad. A/N: Hey there this fic will be a combination of Twilight and a Japanese Horror film called Rigor Mortis. The storyline will be in the Twilight universe while using principles from Rigor Mortis and Japanese culture/beliefs. I plan on making it a multi chapter fic so more is on the way. I hope you all like it, if you have any constructive criticism or comments shoot me a review. Chapter One: A New Place to Call Home Back to another depressing setting thought Bella morosely, of all the places that she could have picked to hide out in, Forks had to be the worst setting. However her Uncle Charlie agreed to put her up for free and considering her current monetary situation she really should not be complaining too much. At least this town was off the map and with a bit of luck, free of any possessions, black magic, or reanimated corpses, after Yau's death a pathetic little town sounded perfect. Driving down a winding road in her beat up car the rain beat down on the windshield unforgivingly. Turning down into the driveway she couldn't help but think that the house looked rather sad, dilapidated and abandoned. With a sense of defeat Bella slid out of the car gracefully and shouldered her small bag as she walked up the path to Charlie's house. Knocking on the door she felt the weight of what had happened in the past year burning into her skin, the object that ended it all sitting heavily in her bag. "Hey Bells, I didn't think that you'd be here until later. It's a bit messy, sorry." Charlie spoke awkwardly as he ushered her over the door step and into the house. It was nothing special, a standard house all in all, the floors littered with empty pizza boxes and beer bottles, Charlie was apparently still taking his divorce just as hard after all these years. "No worries Charlie, any room is good for me. Still ordering take out every night I see?" He looked down with a hint of embarrassment overcoming his face and scuffed his boots on the floor. "You know that I can't cook anything Bell." Bella laughed and walked into the kitchen, rolling her sleeves up she went through the fridge looking for the leftovers that had likely died in there. "Pizza Charlie really? How old is this, it's molding. No matter, I'm going to go shopping and cook you up a proper meal. How does gluttonous rice sound?" After all of her years cooking the same dish for Yau, Bella figured it was a safe and tasty way to start, plus she'd even have some rice on the side just in case a supernatural emergency arose in this tiny town. "You still carrying that stuff around with you? I doubt that you'll need it here but I'm not complaining. Cook away, just grab me some more beer okay?" Bella nodded her head as she grabbed her keys off the counter and threw on her jacket. "Sure Charlie. See you in a bit." Striding out the door Bella ran through the rain to her car and threw on the heat, starting up the piece of scrap metal she couldn't help but think that maybe a life here in Forks with Charlie wouldn't be all that bad. Pushing the cart down the halls of the grocery store Bella tried to spot out all the ingredients that she would need. "I may as well just buy some of everything. God knows Charlie doesn't have anything edible at home," Bella muttered under her breath as she randomly threw things into the cart. Not even looking up she didn't see the petite figure in front of her, which of course ended with Bella crashing into the smaller woman. Falling on top of her Bella became entranced: she was beautiful. Her features were petite and aristocratic, her hair was as black as onyx and spiked up in every direction, and her eyes were a burnt honey. Feeling the girls skin pressed against hers Bella felt her suspicion rise when the rock hard quality of it didn't yield underneath her body. Listening closely she did not hear a heartbeat coming from the girl and her breathing was too measured, almost as if it were timed. Slowly picking her body up Bella pulled the stranger up with her. "I'm so sorry! I didn't even see you coming down the aisle. I hope you're okay; my dad's a doctor if you're not. I'm Alice, who are you? I haven't seen you around here before." She was obviously some form of supernatural but what exactly that was didn't jump out at her, maybe a vampire but she was clearly not the type that the young hunter was accustomed to dealing with. Of course it was her luck to run into a vampire on her first day in this town, she came here to escape her kind not run right into one. The vampire kept speaking at a rapid pace, her excitement filling the air as she bounced up and down on the balls of her feet. "Stop with the pleasantries and let me make one thing clear, I know what you are. Try and kill me and I'll exterminate you. Understand?" As she spoke the young hunter rose to her full height, towering over the vampire, she summoned every ounce of intimidation that she could. "Hey calm down. I'm not going to kill you! My family isn't like that but wait how do you know about us? You're human." Alice's eyes widened as she came to the realization that the girl was outright threatening a vampire, an immortal, she was either stupid or she knew what she was doing. Her mate seemed far more dangerous now than she did in her vision earlier. "What an astute observation. What gave my stunningly blatant morality away?" The snide tone used in the hunter's voice was cutting to her mate but Bella didn't know that. "There's no need for that. No one is getting hurt. Why don't you come meet my family, you can see that we aren't bad. How does that sound?" It would be the first time that Bella had ever been in the presence of many vampires, but this kind didn't seem nearly as violent as the many supernatural beings that she had faced in her lifetime. Nodding her head in agreement she jerked back as the vampire grabbed onto her and pulled her out of the grocery store and into her car; a Porsche 911 Turbo. Apparently even supernatural beings had good taste when it came to cars. After an increasingly tense drive filled with nonsensical chatter from Alice they arrived at the girl's house. It was barely even a house, calling it a mansion would be more fitting, it was nearly all made of glass. A beautiful creation really but somewhat trivial for a house full of vampires. "C'mon everyone is home and waiting," Alice said cheerily as she skipped up the steps to the house. Walking in and following the girl Bella found herself in a living room surrounded by seven vampires, they all sat tensely, ready for a possible confrontation which at this point seemed unlikely. "Have a seat and we can all introduce ourselves. I am Carlisle the coven leader of our little group." A tall blonde man spoke in a calming tone from the loveseat across the room, he seemed to be the least hostile of them all and the women holding his hand was even less so. "Little? Two or three is just that but not seven." Bella felt herself yet again pulled behind the tiny vampire as they both sat down on one of the couches. "To start off I would like to welcome you to Forks. After your evening today that must sound strange but I truly hope that your stay here is pleasant. Now Alice here has informed me that you are aware of what we are. I wish to assure you that we mean you no harm." Carlisle spoke in a controlled voice; the direct eye contact was unnerving but appreciated. Seeing the sincerity in his eyes Bella began to wish that she could believe him. "It's almost amusing how you could think that I would believe you. Every time I have met a vampire many deaths have followed their inevitable downfall. You however are not like the kind that I kill." At this statement every set of eyes in the room widened, golden pools of shock reflected back at her, two of the male vampires even began to growl at the statement. "So you are a hunter then, you seem very unfamiliar with us to be one. What were the vampires that you killed like?" Bella stood from the couch despite Alice's protests at her moving from her close vicinity. Looking at the creatures in front of her she fell back into memory. "A vampire, also called Jiangshi, is in my experience a reanimated corpse that hops with its arms outstretched. Silly sounding but true, in the reanimation process the body is stilled by Rigor Mortis, making the corpse stiff. It's main goal after reanimation is to absorb human life essence, they are near impossible to destroy when brought back, but even more impossible when the corpse possesses a soul." As Bella spoke she began to pace, clutching at her right arm, the terror that these creatures could instill in a person began to show on her face. "It's clear that you are not the same type but you are a vampire. You don't have the stench of death about you, your flesh is not rotting or broken, and you all have a soul. What kind of vampires are you?" While explaining Bella began to feel the memories start to bombard her, all the death and pain to come from her eighteen years resurfacing at the mention of a Jiangshi. Her senses then began to pick up and from the corner of her eyes she saw a boy. He had appeared as if from nowhere as all spirits do and he couldn't have been more than six years old. His features were mangled; it looked as if someone had gouged the young boys left eye out and then took the knife to the rest of his face. The inexperienced stitching keeping his features together was dirty and covered in dry blood and his skin had just begun to rot, as if he still had a body to rot in. "Do you have any candy?" Bella began to walk closer to the boy as she spoke to Carlisle, he did nothing more than continue to crouch in the corner where he first appeared. His spirit must have been attached to this land somehow; it would be unlikely for him to be connected to any of the people in this house Bella thought. "Uh yes we do, I'll go get some." After a strange look Alice bounced off to the kitchen to get what was requested and when she did a vision overcame her. "Don't worry love. I won't let anything hurt you especially not some wayward spirit from your past." Bella spoke to her with a convicted passion in her voice and the look in her eyes was reminiscent of a bright burning flame. It only intensified as Alice began to lean into her, their lips grazed so gently, the softness of Bella's lips was only magnified by her taste. A kiss that was at first filled with a sweet exploration became a passion filled embrace as Bella bit down on Alice's lip, igniting her base instinct to mate. Coming out of her