A/N: Okay, this is the first chapter of A Sirius Guardian . I'm hoping this will be a long story, going at least into sixth year before things resolve themselves. I think it will end up being a Lunar Haise story (That's my ship name for a Luna, Harry, Blaise romance so yes this will be semi-slashy) I'm not sure if I will go into the sex scenes yet or if I will just do a "fade to black" type of thing…we shall see. Anyway, if you like Dumbledore, this story is not for you. If you like the Weasleys (apart from the twins, because come on, who doesn't like the twins) this story is not for you. They shall be bashed. It will not be overt but they are not good characters in this story. (Same for Remus, I have my issues with him). Other than that, I hope you enjoy! If you have any suggestions please leave them in the comments. Thanks for reading! Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, just playing with J.K.R.'s wonderful work. "What are you playing at Albus? Harry is my Godson, he needs me!" Sirius' voice shook with emotion as he glared at the old wizard across from him. "Sirius, my boy, I've explained this already…" Dumbledore closed his eyes wearily and leaned back in his throne-like chair. "Then explain it again, apparently I didn't quite comprehend it the first time." Sirius growled back. The aged Headmaster sighed and opened his eyes slowly. He had been arguing with Sirius about young Harry Potter's summer arrangements for over an hour now. Sirius caught the exasperated look that Dumbledore sent Remus, who was hovering worriedly behind his friend, and paused. His mind whirled through different explanations for Dumbledore's reluctance to allow him access to Harry. He obviously wants to keep Harry isolated, away from the Wizarding World. So much so that Lily and James' Will was ignored…But he isn't aware that I know that….hmmmm…why is Moony so ok with this? And why did the old goat leave me to rot in Azkaban? Sirius shook his head in frustration, bringing his attention back to the matter at hand just as Dumbledore opened his mouth to explain himself again. Explain, Sirius snorted to himself, more like talk his way out of the situation… "I have placed young Harry in a safe environment, away from the Wizarding World for his own safety. He is cut off from Owls and other means of communication so that he cannot be tracked. Rest assured, my dear boy, he is safe and happy, is that not what you wish for the boy, Sirius?" Dumbledore said in a grandfatherly tone, twinkling over the top of his half-moon spectacles. Happy? A boy happy with his home does not jump at the opportunity to live with a complete stranger…Godfather or not , Sirius thought, something is not right here... Out loud Sirius heaved a sigh and let his shoulders slump as if in submission. He took note of the subtle gleam of smug glee that appeared in the Headmaster's eyes before it was quickly covered. "Okay, Albus, I trust you…I just worry about him. He is all I have left…" Sirius let an edge of grief tinge his words. You are not the only one who can act around here, Headmaster, Sirius thought viciously. "I'm so glad that you can see reason, my boy!" Dumbledore said jovially, though his smile had a condescending edge to it that Sirius did not miss. "I think getting out of England for now would be beneficial for you Sirius, does your family not have properties in France?" "Yes, one in Caluire-et-Cuire; near the river. And another in Ares on the coast…perhaps some sunshine would do me good." Sirius mumbled thoughtfully. Yeah right, trying to get me to leave the country…fat chance old man! He felt a light legilimency probe touch his shields, so he allowed a feeling of resignation to slip out. Sirius caught another gleam of smugness flash through the Headmaster's eyes. "Good, good. Remus, why don't you escort Sirius here to the edge of the wards?" Dumbledore said with one last twinkling smile for his old students. With one last sigh Sirius followed Moony down the revolving staircase and out into the deserted hallway. He noticed that his old friend seemed to be a little more reserved around him than he used to be. At first Sirius just assumed that it was because Remus felt guilty about his stay at Azkaban, but now he wasn't so sure. It seemed to Sirius that his old friend was following Dumbledore with a kind of reverence that, in all honesty, scared him a bit. I need to see how deep his loyalty runs… Sirius thought as the silence stretched. "Moony?" The werewolf jumped slightly at the sound of Sirius' voice. "Yeah, Padfoot?" "I was just wondering…why didn't you ever check up on Harry?" Sirius asked hesitantly, afraid of spooking the werewolf, but determined to get his answers. Remus paused and looked at Sirius like he had grown an extra head before replying in a tone that clearly questioned Sirius' mental state. "Because Dumbledore said it wasn't safe to? Besides, why would I need to check on him? Dumbledore said he was safe and happy." That's it? Dumbledore said? Oh Moony…I thought you were smarter than that. Sirius thought, both surprised and saddened by his friend's answer. "Oh. Right. Of course." He said uncomfortably before changing the subject slightly. "Well you had a year with him, can you tell me about him? He seems to have inherited James and Lily's magical talent." Sirius chuckled lightly. "Huh? No, Harry seems pretty average to me Pads, I was kind of disappointed to be honest; he struggled with everything I threw at him." "What? Moony, he drove off over a hundred Dementors at once! If that's not talent then I don't know what is." "Pads, you were hurt and probably in shock. I would guess there was only one or two Dementors and Harry held them off until help arrived." Sirius had a determined look in his eyes as he turned to his friend, "No Moony, I'm sure that there was at least a hundred. They had me pinned by the lake, I was sure I was a goner. Then Harry saved me, with a corporal Patronus. It was a stag, Moony, a bloody blinding stag!" "I was trying to teach him that charm for half the term, Pads, the best he could do was a light mist. There's no way that he could produce a corporal Patronus. You must have been seeing things." This isn't like him… he was the brains of the Marauders and now he's refusing every piece of evidence given to him... what the hell is going on? "I guess..." Sirius said with a dejected sigh. They walked rest of the way in awkward silence, neither one knowing what else to say. When they finally reached the edge of the wards Sirius gave Moony a long, sad look then apperated away. xxXxx "And don't come back in until that bloody garden looks perfect, Freak!" Vernon bellowed as he launched Harry out the back door. Harry flinched in pain, the welts on his back oozing fresh blood, as he landed heavily on the grass. He glowered angrily over his aching shoulder but his Uncle just slammed the patio door. "Bloody git," he mumbled, dragging himself to his knees and crawling awkwardly to the waiting flowerbeds. Harry absolutely loathed coming back to Privet drive during the summer. Ever since he started attending primary school his Uncle Vernon had thought it would be appropriate to beat the "freakishness" out of him. So his summers weren't as relaxing as his classmates'. For as long as Harry could remember Vernon had favored a quick backhanded slap to Harry's face whenever something went wrong. It didn't matter if it were Harry's fault or not. But the abuse (as much as Harry hated to think it, there really was no other word for it) had gotten steadily worse since he had started Hogwarts. Now it was commonplace for Harry to feel Vernon's belt at least once a week, on top of Dudley using him as a practice dummy for his boxing moves. Still angry Harry started yanking weeds from the flowerbed in front of him as he continued to grumble under his breath. "Useless freak am I? Bloody idiots, I cook their food. I could poison the lot of them and no one would ever know…" Lost in his anger Harry almost missed the quiet whine coming from a bush to his right. Looking around in confusion Harry spotted a familiar black form watching him from a cluster of shrubs at the edge of the yard. "Padfoot?" He whispered in shock before moving closer to the grim. Padfoot took a step back and dropped a piece of parchment on the ground then pushed it towards Harry with his nose. "What are you doing here Padfoot?" Harry asked, continuing to get closer to the animagus. Padfoot made a low growling noise and Harry stopped. "What? I know you're Padfoot, so why are you growling at me?" The young wizard asked in confusion. Padfoot rolled his eyes and nudged the parchment closer to Harry again. Finally getting the hint Harry picked it up and broke the seal. Harry, Stop looking at me idiot, sheesh you're as bad at this cloak and dagger shite as James was! Look, I need to talk to you. Meet me by the swings in that little park up the way ASAP. Try to be inconspicuous, eh? Dumbles has a guard watching you, and I don't want the old coot to know I am here. Padfoot Harry looked up, a frown on his face, and realized that Padfoot was gone. Confusion overtaking his anger for the moment he resigned himself to weeding the garden but his mind was racing. Why does Sirius want to talk to me in secret? And why is Dumbledore watching me? Why doesn't he want Dumbledore to know he is here? I thought he flew off on Buckbeak… After an hour of pulling prickly weeds in the summer heat a tired, confused and still slightly angry Harry Potter made his way inside hoping to grab a quick shower in order to wash the sweat out of the stinging wounds on his back. "That garden better be perfect, boy." Vernon growled as Harry made his way through the kitchen. "Yes, Uncle Vernon," he replied emotionlessly. Vernon grunted without raising his beady eyes from the telly. Harry rolled his eyes and started towards the stairs but his Aunt's voice stopped him. "Where do you think you're going, freak?" "I was going to wash up Aunt Petunia," Harry said without bothering to turn around. "And waste our water? I think not, get outside! And stay out there until it's time to start dinner!" She said, shoving him out the front door. Harry hissed in pain from her rough shove to his back, but immediately took off toward the park where Sirius was waiting for him. Halfway to the park Harry remembered that Sirius had mentioned that Dumbledore was having people watch him. He slowed down and strained his ears, trying to catch the sound of footsteps behind him. He heard nothing so he shrugged and picked up his pace. Oh well, what would I do if someone were following anyway? Its not like I can use magic… Harry snorted shaking his head at the thought of the Dursley's reaction to another ministry owl. Within a few minutes Harry made it to the ramshackle park and made a beeline for the broken swing set in the back corner. He looked around curiously but found no sign of his Godfather. "Hey Pup," Sirius' voice came from the tree line behind the park swings. Startled Harry whipped around and practically tackled his Godfather in a hug. Ignoring