Paste yo Title: Second Chance Category: Books » Lord of the Rings Author: Lle naa haran e nausalle Language: English, Rating: Rated: T Genre: Romance/Adventure Published: 09-30-11, Updated: 11-23-11 Chapters: 9, Words: 5,866 Chapter 1: Falling Chapter One: Prologue- Falling My name is Amanda Emberlynn Marks. Most people call me Lynn, and by most people I mean my friend that recently moved across the continent and my mother. My father drank and beat me until mom got the nerve to call the police one night after he bruised all my ribs and broke my arm. My mother tried to make up for it by buying me things. I took horseback riding lessons, karate, Tai kwon do, yoga, boxing, fencing, sword fighting, gun training, and archery. I excelled in everything physical, vowing to never be weak again. I graduated as Valedictorian of my class and was offered several full ride scholarships. But then my mother died and I rejected them all, falling into depression. My only friend decided to go to the University of California and left Boston with no more than a hug and a farewell. I had no one else to turn to because I was so different than others and generally socially awkward. So I got a job at the local bookstore and a small apartment. That's how I ended up on the roof that night, drinking my sorrows away. I wasn't suicidal. No, I knew – even though I had no one- I knew that death was the easy way out. I was brought up well enough by my mom after my dad was locked away. But I'd always had a thing for heights. They made me feel free. The wind and solitude and the pure adrenalin that flows in the pit of your stomach; that is what drew me to heights. High places and adrenalin rushes could take away the pain better than the liquor- and it wasn't as if I got rip roaring drunk every night and day. I only drank when the darkness sank in- in other words, when I wasn't watching television, working at the bookshop, eating, showering, going to the bathroom, or sleeping. And most- sometimes all- of my time was spent doing those things. But that night I must've been more inebriated than I'd thought; because when I stood to jump off the ledge to the roof and inside; I slipped… And suddenly I was falling. I fell for what seemed like hours, panicking sluggishly because of the alcohol. 30 stories flew by and just before I hit the ground, there was a flash of light, and an ethereal voice. " Make good with your second chance, child. You only get two," It said, sounding almost amused and saddened. I closed my eyes and succumbed to blackness. Chapter 2: Three Years Later Chapter Two: Three Years Later Crouching, I leapt silently from branch to branch, following the deer that would feed me for a month and more. It had been three years since I woke up in the endless woods. I'd seen very little people and came across nasty things that called themselves Orcs but other than that I had been alone. FLASHBACK I woke up in some kind of forest and instantly knew I wasn't anywhere near Boston. I remembered the voice… the otherworldly voice that told me I was to get a second chance. So I put my survival skills to use and wandered in the direction of the setting sun- though the thick canopy blocked most of the said sunset. I walked for nearly a day before I came upon a river and drank. Glad that I always kept a pocket knife on t, I flipped it open and began gathering brush. Within forty- eight hours, I'd caught and killed a rabbit, built a fire, and began constructing a shelter out of sticks, mud, and long grass. I made the shelter under a tree root of a dead tree and made it look as unobtrusive as possible. Many days later my clothes ripped and I took my crudely fashioned bow and arrow out to hunt for meat and hides. Approximately six months later, I brought down my first deer and used the pelt to make myself an off the shoulder toga-like dress. My leggings were made out of inverted rabbit skins. Two months after that I killed a bear and acquired moccasins and a warm blanket. I survived without thought, talking to myself so I wouldn't forget how and hanging all my meat high in the trees to dry or cooking it over small fires. I made myself straighter arrows and a better bow as well as a spear and fish traps. A few months after that, I was acquainted with an Orc. He was killed for trying to steal my meat. I made note to kill all Orcs from that point on. I saw horsemen cross the river and travelers pass by every now and then but I never paid them mind, as long as they left me alone. END FLASHBACK My solitude was interrupted and my prey scared off suddenly. A group of half-lings (I'd heard of them but from what I gathered from eavesdropping on travelers' conversations, they never left he shire, so I was surprised to see them at all.) and a man broke into the clearing. One of the Halflings seemed to be poisoned and the man barked at the pudgy Halfling to find some Kings' foil. I'd harvested all of it in this area and knew that without it, the Halfling would die. So I steeled myself and drew my bow before leaping from the trees. Landing in a catlike crouch, I cocked my head and spoke to another human for the first time in three years. "He won't find any kings foil. If you need it, though, I can give it to you. Although it works better if mixed with mashed grain, sage, and mint." The man made to draw his sword but seemed to decide the Halfling's need was greater. I drew the very mixture I'd described out from a pouch on my waist. Dropping my bow, I trotted over lightly, soundlessly, and assessed the wound. It seemed he was stabbed deeply in the torso with a poisoned blade that had thankfully missed his vital organs. I smeared the paste into the wound and drew my dagger that I'd stolen off an Orc long ago. Gently, I cut above the stab wound and began to massage his chest to force blood out and therefore most of the poison. I ripped a rabbit pelt from my leggings and ran to wet it in the river before using it like a rag to mop away the blood and smearing more of the antidote on the new and old wounds. The man watched and visibly relaxed when the Halfling's glazed eyes focused on me and some color returned to his cheeks. The two hobbits that'd been silent thus far edged closer to me. "Who are you?" One asked with a Scottish brogue in his voice. "Lynn," I replied with a slight smile. "Who are you ?" I countered. "Peregrin Took. And this here is my cousin, Meriadoc Brandybuck. The one you just saved is called Frodo Baggins and the one who left is Samwise Gamgee." He said proudly. I laughed a bit at that. "Welcome to my territory, Mister Took. And who are you?" I asked, turning to the man. "Strider," The ranger said shortly. His eyes scanned me warily and I smiled as I thought of how I must look. I hadn't bathed in a week and had just hunted, so I was likely caked in dirt with leaves in my hair. I must look like a savage. Hell, I was a savage. The Halfling called Samwise crashed back into the clearing. "There are Ring wraiths on horseback headed this way! And I couldn't find any kings foil!" he cried. "Hey," He said, noticing me. "Who is this?" "Lynn," I said. Glancing down, I asked: "Are the wraiths after Mister Baggins?" "He needs to be taken to Rivendell," Strider confirmed with a nod. "We will not outrun them on foot. Smiling softly, I whistled, quick and shrill. " Boronadaneth," I called. Out of the misty shadows came my mare. "I will take him, there has never been a horse faster than mine that I've come across and she only lets me ride her. I know the way, and I shall get him there safely, trust me." Strider looked deep into my eyes, searching for deception; but he was soon brought back to the present by the approaching hoof beats of the wraiths. He made the decision then. "Go," He urged. 'Go and tell them Estel sent you," I nodded and gathered the Halfling into my arms. Boronadaneth bowed low and I swung myself onto her back with ease and clamped my thighs tight as I grabbed her mane and spurred her on. Her sleek black coat was warm and I could feel her muscles rippling with her every move as I pushed her faster than ever before. I looped and twirled, zigged and zagged before I finally lost them all and crossed into Rivendell. I avoided the elf guards effortlessly, having hunted around here enough to know where they took post. I entered the paved city courtyard at a fast canter and leapt from my horse. A male elf strode up to me regally. "I am Elrond, king of Rivendell. State your business, girl." I breathed a sigh of relief. "This Halfling was poisoned and is in mortal peril. The one who sent me told me to say that Estel sent us. Does that mean anything?" I bit my lip and waited anxiously. Finally, Lord Elrond nodded and began to walk away. "Follow me," He called back at me. I sighed in relief. "What is your name, child?" He asked. 'Lynn," I responded. He frowned. "You shall be called Maethileth, now. A Female Warrior," He decided as I set Frodo on the infirmary table. "As you say it shall be, my Lord," I bowed and left him do his work. Chapter 3: Imladris Chapter Three: Imladris A servant elleth showed me to my rooms. I stared at the huge, fluffy white bed warily. It must've looked like I thought it was going to eat me. The girl giggled. "Is there something wrong?" She asked curiously, clearly finding my expression amusing. "N'Uma," (No) I shook my head. "I just… I've lived in the forest for three years and it was only yesterday that I spoke to someone besides myself… I haven't even seen a proper bed in ages." I explained awkwardly. Her eyes widened. "How awful that must've been!" She gasped. 'Well, I'm sure you'll be glad to know that there is a hot spring a mile west of the city and behind those curtains," She pointed to the ones in the corner of the room "There is a steaming bath and proper bathing materials." I looked at her in immense relief. "I could kiss you! What is your name?" I exclaimed, already removing my moccasins and leggings. "Amareth," She said with another giggle. I'll leave you bee, call for me if you need something, Lady Maethileth." She bowed out and I damn near leapt into the copper bath. I soaked and washed repeatedly until every last bit of warmth had gone from the now black, muddy water. I dried with a soft cotton towel and pranced to the wardrobe. Inside were dresses of every color, all my size, and delicate slippers. I'd never been one to dress up but I felt so clean and pretty that I didn't even care. The dress was mint green and matched my eyes near perfectly. My black curls shone, now free of dirt. My skin was like porcelain and I couldn't take my eyes off my reflection. I hadn't seen myself in three years, save for