Wolves and Volleyball Chapter 1: The game and Departure Disclaimer!: I DO NOT OWN! SUMMARRY: Bella is a famous Volleyball player and she moves to La Push to spend time with her dads, Charlie and Billy…Read and you shall find out about that one…She meets the pack, Paul imprints, Bella turns Wolfy, and they kick some vampire ass. All to come in later chapters. "Izzy!" Coach yelled at me. "Jump higher THEN hit the ball. You're supposed to be good at this." "Sorry coach," I told her while jumping higher than before. I brought my hand down on the ball and spiked it into Brenda Johnson's face. Damn, I hated that bitch. Always trying to take my spot as captain on the volleyball team, but as long as I, Isabella Marie Swan-Dwyer was around, that wasn't going to happen. She needs to learn that she's never going to get my spot. Then again, it is junior year. My mom, Renee is sad that she has to stay home with me while Phil is out traveling the country and earning a living. You see, he's Phil Dwyer, the best batter of all time; he even beat Babe Ruth's record. I know, it's a shocker. "I know how my mom feels about it, so after the championship game tomorrow, I'm going to be flying to Washington to spend some quality time with my dad, Charlie. Well, Charlie's not my real father, Billy Black is, and Charlie knows this, yet they're still best friends and lovers. I look a lot like Billy too, dark brown eyes, long dark brown, almost black hair, and the Native American facial structure. The only thing that I got from Renee is my wavy hair and the very awesome ability to blush like a madwoman. Note the sarcasm. It was frustrating really, but the thing that I love the most is my tan complexion. Sure, I live in Arizona but that just makes me darker, I'm actually a light tan all year round, and all my friends hate me because of it. But back to practice, the last practice before I move and only coach knows it. Then again, I had to tell her because she was losing the state and the National MVP. Surprisingly, she was okay with it, she just made me promise not to lose the championship game and that I had to try out for La Push High School's team. I of course, agreed to both terms because there was no way that I would ever be able to live without playing volleyball, and losing the game isn't an exception because of as long as I've been on the team, we haven't lost a single game. And that was for three years. "Nice job Izzy, just next time try not to break anyone's nose. Especially in the game tomorrow," coach told me, trying not to laugh. "Practice is over ladies, go home, eat and sleep well. Get here by 8 am tomorrow, and when we win, I have an announcement to make." We all mumbled our responses and started to get our things together to leave. Today is Thursday, and Phil doesn't have anywhere to go until Sunday, so I get to spend the night with him and mom today, tomorrow, since there's no school because of the game, and on Saturday I'm leaving. Stepping out of the gym with my bag and keys in one hand, while searching for my phone, with the other hand. "Where are you ya little bugger?" I said to myself. "Gotcha," I muttered when I found it. I hit speed dial three and started to walk out towards the back of the parking lot where my mustang gt was. "Hello?" Charlie said. "DADDY!" I yelled. "You and Billy and Jake are all watching the game tomorrow right? It's on ESPN and it's the championship game and.." I said rambling and only stopping after hearing daddy and Billy laughing. "Yes Izzy, we're watching it, and so are all of Jake's friends. They all can't wait to meet you," Billy said. "Hi Billy, and you should know that when I get there, I won't be called Izzy, it's going to be Bella," I told him sweetly while he was chuckling. "We know, but you're famous. Are you going to be trying out for the school team here?" Billy asked me. "Do I even have to answer? But yes, I am, and I just made it to my car I have to go. You know that Charlie doesn't like me driving and talking on the phone. Remember, Saturday at noon," I said before hanging up. I got in my car and started to head home. Renee and Phil are both going to the game, so we're going to be going out to dinner tonight, so that I can finish packing and sleep tomorrow after the game and announcement that Coach has afterwards. When I pulled up to the house, I had to stop and admire it. I know that I live there, but it's still gorgeous. It has three floors and looks magnificent. The color on the outside is hard to describe, it's almost a burgundy color, but it's not. I pulled into the driveway, and saw that mom and Phil's Mercedes' were there, and got out. "MOM! PHIL! I'M HOME," I yelled, walking through the door. "Bella! Hurry and go get ready for dinner, we're going to the Cheesecake Factory!" Renee yelled from the kitchen. As soon as the words Cheesecake Factory were out of her mouth, I went running up the two flights of stairs to the third floor where my room was while trying not to trip. As soon as I cleared the stairs, I tumbled into my room, and started to laugh. I went to my closet and pulled out something that was nice, and yet casual without looking. I grabbed a pair of panties and a bra, this time I looked to make sure that it matched, and ran towards my bathroom. I took off my sweaty clothes from practice and turned the water on to hot. I quickly got in the shower, and once the water hit my back and my muscles, I just stood there relaxing for a few minutes. Then I started to wash my hair with my blackberry tea scented shampoo and conditioner before I shaved and washed my body with my p.s. I love you body wash from Bath and Body Works. "Bella! HURRY UP!" I heard Renee yell again. I quickly rinsed off and turned off the water before shouting down to her that I was almost done. I stepped out of the shower before drying off and then drying my hair with the towel. I quickly put on my black lace-matching panty set that Renee just had to buy me when she went on a shopping spree. I made sure that I was dry again before I put on my white acid wash distressed skinny jeans and my black, off the shoulder top. I quickly did my make up in the smokey eye effect and just left my hair the same way, wet, curling and down my back, before I walked back to my closet to get a pair of shoes. I was searching for a certain pair when mom came in my room. "Honey, what are you looking for?" she asked me, smirking. "My favorite black heels, the ones that have the straps that come up to my ankles," I told her, pouting, before looking for them. "You mean the ones on your bed?" she asked me. I looked on my bed, and jumped up quickly, something that I was good at, because when I dive for the ball, I have to get up quickly, and hugged Renee. "Yup, those are the ones. Thanks mum," I said while running to get them on. She giggled at my enthusiasm and told me to come downstairs when I was done, that her and Phil were waiting. I told her that I'd be down in a minute and that she should go on down. I went back to my closet and grabbed my white, cropped jacket that I absolutely adore. I made my way downstairs to see mom and Phil waiting in the foyer. "Isabella, you look beautiful," Phil told me, pulling me in for a hug. All mom could do was nod her head and try not to cry. She gave me a hug and we went out the door to Phil's Mercedes Benz ML 400. From the way that they were acting, you'd think that I was going to prom or something "Thank you, but can we go, I'm hungry! And you guys taunting me with the Cheesecake Factory and not hurrying to get there is making me even more hungrier!" I said. They just chuckled at me, and mom pushed me towards the car. We all got in and Phil started to drive and talk about what was happening with the guys on the team. Of course, they all know that I'm leaving also, and they said that anytime that they have a game near Seattle then I could go and bring whoever I wanted, and get in for free. We got to the Cheesecake Factory, and seated within 10 minutes. "So, Bella, do you want us to send your car to Charlie and Billy's?" Phil asked me. "We can also send the rest of your stuff if you want," he added. "Really? Would you really do that for me?" I asked them, tears in my eyes. "Of course we would sweetie, you're our daughter, and we take care of you," Renee said, and I didn't miss how she said 'our.' "OMG! I LOVE YOU BOTH! SO, SO MUCH! YES, PLEASE SEND MY BABY TOO!" I shouted happily, causing people to turn and stare, and my mom and I to blush while Phil was laughing. Dinner went on in the same fashion, and when I started to get tired, we left and went home. When we got inside, mom hugged me and kissed me good night while Phil messed up my hair. "Night!" I told them, walking up the stairs to my room. I made sure my alarm was set for 7 so I could get up on time and leave and be at the school by 8. I got up on time, got a shower, and put my uniform on before kissing my mom and Phil good-bye and headed to the game. When I pulled in, blasting Theory of a Deadman, everyone stopped and stared. I smirked and pulled into my parking spot and watched as the opposing team started to tremble with fear. Last year we played the same team and I sent their captain to the plastic surgeon with a broken nose because I served the ball, and she thought she could get it, but it hit her in the face. So, I smiled and waved and they trembled some more. I saw my coach and headed straight for her and she just gave me a look that said, 'stop it right now and stop smiling.' I straightened out my face and made my way to her, but I couldn't stay straight faced for long, and I ended up laughing right as I made my way past my coach. ESPN was setting up, and when they heard the doors open, I was being bombarded with questions. "Who do you think is going to win here today Ms. Dwyer?" I was asked. I looked at her for a moment with a raised brow. "Uhm, I have a feeling on who I think it is, but I know that Lamont High has an excellent volleyball program and that it depends on the better team," I said before walking away. POV: Paul Thursday night and I'm stuck on patrol. Sometimes I hate being a big fluffy dog, there's nothing out here that will need watched. Sure, the Cullens