A/N: I'm back! Hello again lovely readers. I am sorry for the massive delay but I really lost my mojo. I was going to write more of my other story but I have completely got writer's block with that. I wanted to finish that before starting this, but I have nothing for that story that is good enough and all my ideas were about this instead. Therefore I will have to hit the pause button on that and get this written and finished completely, only then do I think I can finish off that one. So anyway we are back with the sequel to 'Always' and 'Secrets and Lies'. If you are just joining then I would advise going and reading the other two because this will not make any sense otherwise. I really hope you enjoy this next instalment. This one will be deviating a bit more from the plot of the books, because I need it to and because I can! Anyway thank you for your support with the last two and I really hope you enjoy. Disclaimer: All characters (except for some of the Delacours) belong to J.K. Rowling. Something had been broken. Hermione wasn't sure whether the current state of affairs would ever be fixed. The Delacours were at odds with one another. The happiness within the residence that Hermione remembered from the previous summer had evaporated to be replaced with a tense, uncomfortable atmosphere. Where once there would have been laughter and conversation at mealtimes, now no one spoke. The younger generation of Delacours were still furious that their family had created a web of secrets and lies and refused to listen to any apology that was offered. Hermione didn't know what to say or do. Several times she had opened her mouth wanting desperately to say something, anything to relieve the tension that had built up, but she was unable to find the words. She felt so useless. Many times Fleur had found her crying as she thought about Sabine. Where was she? Was she okay? Was she with Aurelie? Not knowing was the worst. Every time a door opened Hermione always hoped it would be Sabine returning with some sarcastic comment, but it was never her. Fleur didn't know what to do. She was torn between being furious at her mother and the rest of the older generation of her family and supporting Hermione. She knew that her cousin had become a dear friend to the brunette and she hated seeing her lover like this. Even though she had not always got on with Sabine she found herself wishing for her cousin to return. XXXXX A week had passed since Sabine had left and Hermione could tell that things were fast reaching their breaking point. She knew that Fleur had refrained from making any comment to her family, the same as her cousins. None of them seemed to want to acknowledge their family let alone speak to them and the brunette knew this would only last so long before emotion took precedent. Hermione felt nervous as she sat down to dinner that evening. She shared an anxious look with Gabrielle, both aware that things could have reached their boiling point. The only sound was the clattering of knives and forks. Hermione noticed that Fleur was merely playing with her food and as she glanced around the table she noticed the younger generation all had their eyes on the blonde. With a sudden movement Fleur threw her fork down with a clang. "You had no right to keep things from us," she growled, glaring daggers at her grandmother and mother. Hermione could feel the anger coming off of Fleur in waves. Julienne said nothing for a moment, before neatly placing her knife and fork down on her plate. "We did what we thought was best..." "Best for who?" interrupted Astrid. "Sabine had a right to know who she was, who her mother was." "You wouldn't understand..." Apolline tried to say, but she was also interrupted. "Oh don't start with that," snarled Fleur. "It's a poor defence. Sabine is twenty. Twenty! She always said that you all treated her differently and I guess we know why now." "Now Fleur that is no way to talk to your mother..."Armand tried to diffuse the situation, but everyone was too fired up after days of not saying anything. "Don't try and defend her. Don't defend any of them," growled Fleur. "There is no excuse for what they did. Fair enough keep Aurelie away, but lying was the wrong thing to do. You all made her feel inadequate, like an outsider and now look. She's left because of how you've treated her." "You can hardly claim to be innocent there Fleur," shouted back Apolline, standing up. "You also butted heads with Sabine all the time, ever since you were little. You never made an effort with her; it was only because of Hermione that you even were civil to her." "At least I never lied to her," Fleur shouted, also getting to her feet. Her chair went flying backwards and hit the floor with a crash. "I would give anything, anything to have her back her with us, to try and rectify everything, but thanks to all of you that will never happen. You want someone to blame for all this, don't bother pointing the finger of blame at Aurelie, go find a bloody mirror." "As if you know the first thing about protecting a family," Apolline shouted. "We did what we thought was right..." "Well you were wrong." Fleur stormed up to her mother, standing toe to toe. "Enough!" All heads turned to face Hermione. The brunette wasn't even aware that she had spoken, but quickly gained her composure as everyone stared. "This is getting us absolutely no where." When Fleur made to speak, Hermione silenced her with a look. "Shouting and screaming solves nothing, it's just going to make everyone angry. There's no point trying to blame someone, it won't achieve anything and Sabine will still be gone." Hermione took a deep breath, before continuing. "Whether you were right or wrong to keep Sabine's parentage from her is, frankly, irrelevant. It's happened and there is nothing anyone can do about it. The mistake you made, you all made was making Sabine feel different, as if she was an outsider. Do you know that she believes none of you are proud of her? She told me once that all she wanted was to make you proud and yet she never knew if she had. Keeping secrets and lying didn't do the damage, your behaviour towards her did. Whilst you are arguing about who's the most responsible all I can think about is how Sabine is feeling at this moment in time and whether she's okay. I'm sick and tired of the tension there is between you all. How about instead of switching between not speaking and arguing you let it go and we try and figure out a way to fix this?" Without another word, Hermione got up and left the dining room. She was shaking badly. Had she spoken out of turn? It wasn't her place to say anything, that she knew, but somebody had to. She knew that Veela were emotional beings and an argument was always going to happen, but it wasn't going to solve anything. She felt her Veela offer her comfort and sighed. It was a lot easier now she didn't have to fight with it constantly. A few months back she would have torn the dining room apart. She found herself in the library and immediately settled herself in her favourite armchair by the window. Hermione wasn't sure how much time had passed, but was startled from her thoughts by the sound of someone clearing their throat. She looked up to see Armand standing there with a kind smile and that twinkle in his eye. "I left them to it," he said. "They took what you said onboard and are attempting to sort things out." Hermione bit her lip and felt a guilty squirm in her stomach. Armand must have noticed because he came and sat down next to her shaking his head. "You have no need to feel guilty Hermione. It needed saying and they needed to hear. I wish now that I had had the stomach to do it myself, but as the sole male member of this family I become accustomed to letting them get on with it." He chuckled to himself and Hermione couldn't help but smile. Armand always had a way of alleviating any tension or unhappiness. He was a kind man and despite being human and male he was the heart of the family. "I hope I didn't overstep the mark?" Hermione squirmed in her seat. "Of course not," Armand said reassuringly. "You are family Hermione that gives you the right to give your opinion. You have a remarkable way of saying what needs to be said without causing hurt or anger to anyone. No one was angry at you, rather they felt guilty that they had behaved in such a way. Now what are your thoughts on Elemental Transfiguration?" Hermione laughed. XXXXX The following morning Hermione woke with a groan. Looking around she realised she had fallen asleep in the chair in a rather awkward position and her muscles were letting her know about it. She had talked with Armand for hours and was thankful for the distraction. Without him, she would have been on edge for the whole evening wondering how the conversation in the dining room was going. Instead they had talked for hours about various topics and Hermione was thrilled that she had someone who was as enthusiastic as she was. Her relationship with Fleur was wonderful, but the blonde couldn't spend hours talking about Magical Law. In Armand she had found an unlikely friend, someone to share ideas with, whilst also being introduced to different points of view. He had excused himself around 11 to go and make sure Gabrielle was in bed and the brunette must have fallen asleep shortly after. She awkwardly untangled herself from the position she had been sleeping in and stretched, groaning as her muscles reminded her what a comfort a bed was. Rubbing her neck to try and ease the stiffness there, she stood up and went in search of Fleur. The blonde was absent from their bedroom and Hermione began to feel anxious when she saw the bed hadn't been slept in. She hurriedly went back downstairs to the dining room and found everyone, minus Armand and Gabrielle, still sat where they had been the previous evening. They all looked exhausted and there were several faces that were tear-stained. Hermione couldn't fail to notice some smashed plates littering the floor by the walls. At least no one was bleeding. Fleur got up when she noticed her girlfriend had entered the room and quickly swept her up in a hug. "Are you alright ma belle?" asked Fleur. Hermione nodded. "I'm fine. Are you all alright?" She couldn't help but glance around again at the smashed china. Fleur followed her gaze. "Ah yes. Well we are now at least." She looked around at the family. "It took a while, but we have sorted some things out. Now we just have to figure out how to get Sabine back." "That may prove difficult," said Apolline, standing up slowly. "Aurelie was possessive when she was a child, I dread to think what she will be like with Sabine, especially as we are the ones who kept them apart." "We aren't even sure where Aurelie is," chipped in Astoria. "And none of us are going to mention anything to Dumbledore either," said Fleur, sharing a pointed look with her grandmother. Her mother and aunts nodded in agreement. "From now on we are keeping him at a distance." Hermione nodded in understanding. "What about the escape route?" "We will maintain