A/N: I'M BACK! So I have released this a week early, because I suddenly found myself with no work to do today. It was great I sat in the staff room and typed this! Thank you all so so much for your reviews, favourites and follows for Always. If you have rejoined from that story then welcome back I have missed you all. If you are joining then I recommend reading Always because it will explain things a little better. I know I was horrible to leave it as I did, but I am back and I hope this chapter makes up for it. I really hope you enjoy this sequel to Always, which will pick up straight where we left off and also carry on some of the plot lines that were left dangling. Thank you to all of you that have PMed me asking about the sequel and giving me words of encouragement. You guys are all fantastic. So enough of my crap because you didn't come here to read this A/N! Disclaimer: All characters belong to J.K. Rowling (except for the cousins who are all mine!) "Hermione, it is time we were completely honest with you. It's time we told you everything." "What do you mean?" murmured Hermione, suddenly beginning to feel a bit nervous. She grasped Fleur's hand, needing the support. Fleur was equally nervous, wondering what on earth her family had been keeping from her. She squeezed Hermione's hand, offering support without words. Apolline swallowed and looked to her mother again. The tension was coming off of everyone in waves. "Well, you see, your relationship with Fleur is rather unusual. As you may already know there have only been a handful of cases where a Veela has chosen a human for a mate and I regret to say that they did not last long." Hermione blanched at Apolline's words and Fleur visibly paled, squeezing Hermione's hand even harder. "Please don't be alarmed, allow me to explain. When two Veela come together there is a union of sorts, between them physically and emotionally but also through their magic. In the relationships where a Veela has chosen a human for a mate, this bonding of magic has never happened. Veela magic is extremely powerful. The magic will attempt to bond with the human's the same way it normally would, however the human can simply not contain that much power and eventually it killed them." Fleur shot up out of her chair. "What?! Why are you only telling us now? How dare you?" she screamed, her eyes changing colour. Astoria and Antonine jumped up and protectively stood by Apolline and Julienne. "Sit down Fleur…please," pleaded Julienne. "We understand that you are angry and you have a right to be, but please allow us to explain. Hermione is not in any danger. It was clear to us from the start that something was different. We didn't tell you because we weren't sure what was happening. We wanted to wait until we had found out more." Fleur didn't look convinced, but calmed slightly when Hermione placed a hand gently on her arm. She sat down, but her eyes remained yellow, glaring at her family. The family members around the table were now watching Hermione closely. She had remained silent, but was feeling sick. Hearing that every other human that had got involved with a Veela had died was not an altogether reassuring thought. "Hang out," shouted Hermione. "What about Ginny? She was with Gabrielle, is she in danger?" Apolline shook her head. "Ginny and Gabrielle did not bond in the normal way, therefore their magic could not either. For the magic to begin to bond, the physical and emotional bond must first take place. Ginny is not at risk, I promise." Hermione felt slightly reassured and took to holding Fleur's hand and stroking the back of it with her thumb. Julienne cleared her throat and began explaining the situation. "In terms of you relationship my dears, it appears that, impossible as it may be, your magic has joined. By all accounts Hermione should not have survived the process, but she has. When I first met you Hermione straightaway I could sense that something was different. You are the first human to ever have survived the bonding of magic, which makes you an extremely interesting individual." Julienne smiled warmly at Hermione. "What does it mean?" asked Hermione, unable to keep the nervous quiver out of her voice. "It means, Mademoiselle Granger, that you are an extremely powerful witch," spoke up Astoria. "You could possibly be one of the most powerful witches to ever walk the earth." A stunned silence followed Astoria's words. Hermione didn't know what to think or feel. She was angry at being lied to, afraid of what might happen to her and shocked at this new information all at the same time. She wished she hadn't eaten so much for lunch, it may make reappearance. Fleur sat down next to Hermione, immediately wrapping an arm protectively around the brunette's shoulder. "Are you sure? Are you sure she will be fine?" asked Fleur, desperation laced her voice. "Yes," nodded Apolline. "She will be absolutely fine. I stayed at Hogwarts to support you during the Triwizard Tournament, but it also allowed me the opportunity to watch Hermione closely and assess what was happening. If she was in danger at any point I would have stepped in and we would have found a way to save her." Fleur nodded, though she was still seething at her family keeping things from her. "So what does this bonding actually mean?" asked Hermione. "Well, essentially you are now part-Veela," said Julienne, simply. Hermione's mouth dropped open. "W...what?" she stammered. Apolline nodded. "Not completely, more that you will have characteristics in terms of the magic you can perform and your senses will be heightened. You won't transform or have a change in eye colour." Hermione felt dizzy. It was all too much for her to take. The last thing she remembers is falling, someone shouting her name and then black. The first thing she became aware of was whispering. Her arms and head felt heavy and she became aware that she was resting on something quite soft. Slowly, she opened her eyes, blinking rapidly as the light assaulted her. "What happened?" she asked, groggily. "Hermione," shouted Fleur, grasping the brunette's hand tightly. "Are you okay? How do you feel? What can I do? Hermione grimaced as she sat at. She was on Fleur's bed upstairs. The blonde was sat on the bed, holding her hand tightly, worriedly watching Hermione. Julienne and Apolline were standing by the door, both looking very guilty and worried. "Well in order, I'm fine, my head is a little heavy, I feel quite sore and nothing I will be alright." Fleur didn't look reassured. "Honestly Fleur I'm fine. Did I miss anything?" Fleur shook her head. "You fainted. You fell off your chair and hit your head. I carried you up here away from everyone." The last part was spoken with anger and Hermione noticed Julienne and Apolline shift uncomfortably. "We are sorry Hermione," said Apolline. "Truly we are. Yes we should have handled things differently, but you were never in any danger…" "You don't get to speak to her," roared Fleur, jumping up and attempting to shield Hermione from her mother and grandmother. "Fleur, please…" pleaded Apolline, she reached out a hand towards Fleur, but the blonde took a step back. Hermione decided to step in, before things got serious. "Fleur, please calm down and if you won't please consider that I have a slight headache." Fleur gave Hermione an apologetic look, but still glared at Apolline and Julienne. "I'm sorry Hermione, we both are," whispered Julienne, tears beginning to shine in her eyes. "Honestly, it's fine. You should have mentioned something straight away, you were wrong not to. Regardless of the fact that you didn't know what was happening, you should have told us both what you knew." Fleur looked like she was going to angrily protest, but Hermione raised a hand to stop her. "Please Fleur, I don't want to argue with your family, they made a mistake and they have apologised for it." Fleur still didn't look like she was ready to let go. "Please Fleur, for me. There is a war about to start and the last thing we need is more conflict and aggravation in our lives. They have apologised, let's just move on. They can earn our forgiveness." "Fleur, we are sorry," said Apolline. Fleur looked at her mother and grandmother fiercely. Finally she nodded and turned back to Hermione. "For you ma belle." Hermione nodded and kissed Fleur, partly to reassure the blonde, but also because she needed to touch her girlfriend. Hermione turned to Apolline. "Just answer this last question: are you 100% sure that I will be fine." Apolline and Julienne both nodded. "The magic bonding process is already complete. You would only be in danger if it was still happening," reassured Julienne. Hermione nodded. "Right, well…thank you, I guess." "Perhaps we should leave you for a moment," suggested Apolline, who turned and exited the room, followed closely by her mother. She gave Fleur one last apologetic look before shutting the door behind her. Fleur grabbed a hold of Hermione as soon as the door was shut and hugged a tightly. Hermione hugged her girlfriend back and enjoyed just being held. She understood that Fleur needed to look after her. "Are you alright ma belle, honestly," whispered Fleur. Hermione nodded against Fleur's shoulder. "I promise, I'm fine I was just a little taken aback by it all. It's not every day you find out that your part-Veela and that every other human that has been in a relationship with a Veela has died," she joked. Fleur didn't laugh, merely looked closely at Hermione as if examining whether the brunette really was alright. She must have been satisfied, because she sighed and took a deep breath. "Come on, let's go downstairs," suggested Hermione. Fleur did not look convinced, but after some tugging on her hand she acquiesced and allowed herself to be pulled from the room to rejoin her family downstairs. All eyes turned towards the couple when they entered the drawing room. Fleur glared at them all as she entered. To their credit they all bowed their heads. Hermione led Fleur over to one of the many sofas and sat down, pulling on the blonde to get her to sit. Gabrielle smiled nervously at Hermione, who returned it. "Are you quite alright Mademoiselle Granger?" asked Armand, stepping forwards and offering a cup of tea to Hermione and Fleur. Hermione nodded, accepting the tea. "Yes, thank you Monsieur Delacour." "Ah please, Armand, Armand. You're part of the family now after all." He smiled jovially at her and looked pointedly at Fleur, as if he was warning her to be civil with everyone. "Will you be joining us at the Veela Solstice celebrations Mademoiselle Granger," asked Agnes, Fleur's aunt. Hermione looked confused. She wasn't sure what they were talking about. "Hermione has not yet been informed about the celebrations yet, dear sister," said Apolline. "The Solstice celebration is when all the members of this Coven come together and celebrate our ancestors," she explained. "It's really just an excuse for a load of women to get together and get drunk," laughed one of Fleur's cousins. "Valentine," exclaimed Agnes. "Please excuse my daughter, the joker. She should show some more respect to her origins." Valentine just rolled her eyes and winked at Hermione. "Well that is what happens. Anyway Hermione how would you like to come out with us all tomorrow. The younger generation are going on a trip to the beach, why don't you and Fleur join us?" "Erm I'm not sure what Fleur has got planned for us," said Hermione, looking at Fleur. "Would you like to go ma belle. We may as