obviously, this whole fanfiction is post war, but ignores the DH epilogue. this first part of the fanfiction is mostly in Audrey's point of view but i don't think she'll be as a big factor in this fanfiction as much as the first chapters makes it seem. it's mostly family-based, which is what i prefer for these fanfictions. this fanfiction has all the usual trigger warnings, i.e. dark themes, suicidal ideation, self-harm, depression etc. i do not know if Percy ends up dying in this one or not either. character death is a possible ending here, but i am not sure. edit : i had to re-upload this chapter because all my italics disappeared. and i use a lot of them! Love and Old Black Shoes Chapter One Percy Weasley lived right across the hall from her. A few times a month, Audrey Eloise Brown, an experienced barista slash awful business student slash disappointment of the family, noticed that he would walk to her door, demanding: "Madam," his ears would go red at this point, and he never really looked her in the eye. As if she was a lawyer ready to attack him. "Can you please stop playing that unsettling grunge music? I can hardly hear myself think!" When Percy said this, he would be dressed in a polished button-down with a pair of trousers that looked smoother than a fitness model's bottom. He would often be wearing a gigantic blazer, a touch lighter than the rest of what he wore. He would stand tall with his head held high, despite being redder than a strawberry. Audrey flushed too. "Oh, I'm sorry," she said with uncertainty. She felt like she was talking to her college professor. "Can you please specify more about this-this unsettling sound? I really don't want to be a bother." Percy stared at her as if she should've been shipped off to the loony bin. "That sound. That... grating noise." He gestured to her apartment. She suddenly felt less her five-foot-four height. It didn't help that this bloke could tower over her six-foot-tall father. "Do you not hear it? How could you not hear it?" No, Audrey couldn't hear it because she didn't have any music on. "Sir, do you need to go to the hospital?" "I certainly do not," Percy looked really offended by that. She didn't mean to offend him. "Please be mindful of others in the building, madam. I hardly think that others appreciate that-that- that irritating, jarring music." She watched him walk back to his room and she was left bewildered. But the next day, he would come back with the same complaint. And the day after that. And so on... Audrey assumed that the poor bloke probably had a case of tinnitus and hadn't been to the doctors yet, or maybe he was so overworked that he heard voices in his head. Like in a film she once saw. She hoped he didn't go crazy one day and kill everyone , just like in that film... it wouldn't be good for his job resume! After a few months of the same behaviour, Audrey had an epiphany one day in the shower. She had a theory as exactly what he was referring to as disturbing, ear-shattering music (she just couldn't believe it! She must be wrong!). But then when he came by the following day after her conclusion, she tested her theory... you know, right after she shuffled a little in her feet and refused to look at him in the eye. It was that absurd of a theory. "Mr Weasley..." At this point, her whole face flushed. "I think you're-you're talking about my blender? " Percy looked at her as if he had never the word 'blender' in his life. "You know," Audrey tried to think of another word for her bloody Vitamix. "A mixer?" He cocked his head to one side. "Are you referred to the carbonated drinks that you mix into an alcoholic beverage?" "No, I mean a..." Audrey half-wanted to ask him if he ever had a drink, or if he just looked that up in a book about people who drink. That must be a lonely existence. "A machine that blends things together. Frozen fruit, milk, chocolate, ice-cream? Do you know what ice-cream is?" "Do not insult my intelligence," Percy huffed, crossing his arms over his chest. With his long cardigan slopping off his shoulders, she realised that underneath the big blazers and the thick, long cardigans, he was a right weedy fellow. Waving his stick-like arms around. Head bigger than the rest of him. Suddenly, Percy's incredibly intimidating exterior melted and now, he just looked like a thirteen-year-old nerd wearing his father's clothes. "I simply do not know anything about this contraption that you are referring to." "Well, come on then. I'll show you," Audrey then gestured for him to come in. God, even his glasses were big, sliding off his face ever so often. And she used to be scared of him! He was toying with his sleeve buttons. "Well, that's hardly appropriate." She didn't understand what it was 'hardly appropriate.' "There's nobody inside, and it's not like I've had my knickers out in display," she probably shouldn't have said that because honestly, Audrey didn't know if she had her knickers out on display or not. "Come inside. Please." Percy didn't seem like the kind of bloke that would deny a woman twice, and he wasn't. He just walked behind her, holding his breath as if he was afraid to breathe in the air around him. Audrey wasn't the least bit surprised. He was so stiff and rigid that she bet he hadn't even bothered to bring anyone up to his flat. That was, if Percy had been on any dates. Not like she was one to talk. Audrey hadn't had a date with a bloke since she last split up with her high school boyfriend. That had to be right around five years ago. "I know it's old and a bit rusty..." Audrey said, walking towards her kitchen. It was pretty big because she'd just cleaned it. "I didn't think the sound was that bad, you know. I've never had any complaints about it before." Percy stood by the doorway, as if he was instructed to do so. It seemed like in his mind, the only way to be 'appropriate' in a woman's flat was to be approximately one meter away from her at all costs. "You can come inside," Audrey gestured for him to come in. Her dirty mind went somewhere else with that phrase, and she blushed. "I won't bite," she added on, but that sounded worse. God, anything could be sexual these days. Percy shook his head. "I'm fine right here. Thank you," he squeaked out, like he was being chastised for sticking his hands into the biscuit tin right before dinner. Her smoothie, frozen strawberries, cocoa mix, bananas and skimmed milk, was only half blended. She'd just turned it on when he'd come complaining of the ruckus. As Percy silently stood there, Audrey turned the blender on, and it was then that she noticed his face twisting with realisation. If he could be anymore redder, he would've been. When her light honey-coloured eyes caught his cornflower blue eyes, he looked down like a schoolboy that had an awful report card (Audrey was sure to this bloke, a bad report card meant that he didn't get a proper grade in gym). Audrey honestly was flabbergasted at the fact that she was right for once. Percy genuinely thought that her old, distressed blender was a cacophonous sympathy. By the time the smoothie blended and she poured them both a glass, she turned around and noticed he disappeared. Maybe he doesn't like strawberries or maybe bananas. Maybe he's lactose intolerant. Maybe he doesn't like chocolate , Audrey thought to herself. God, he must like chocolate. Him walking out didn't bother her that much. She'd be humiliated too if she mistook a blender for Beethoven. What bothered Audrey was that she couldn't exactly remember hearing him walk out. After that day, Audrey hadn't heard a single complaint from him about the noise ever again. She made her smoothies and milkshakes to her heart's content, and she really liked to use her blender a lot. Her Monday morning coffee protein shakes usually turned to cake batter milkshakes by Friday evening. For months even, she hadn't even caught sight of him. Though oddly enough, some days, she found herself wondering what kind of shake would he have. He didn't look like the kind that used protein powder, and that wasn't because he had about as much muscle in his whole body as she did in one finger. She couldn't imagine him sat there with his orange smoothie, or his chocolate milkshake either. All she could bear to imagine him sneaking in was a black coffee. He looked like the kind of bloke that sat down, read the newspaper, and enjoyed half a grapefruit with a slice of low-calorie toast for breakfast. She wondered how tidy and neat his flat must be. And how put together his life was. Audrey kept wondering until around May, where she caught glimpse of him for the first time in five months. She had just left the flat, wearing her favourite sparkly purple cut-out dress and high heels. She was about to get trashed with her best friend, who was a bloke named Roger. He did not find it 'inappropriate' to walk into her flat, have a piss in her lavatory and drink smoothies with her. Audrey must've looked like a right tart to Percy, all dressed up in with glitter on her body and the slinkiest, tightest dress imaginable. She had very good, strong legs, an arse and boobs to die for, or so did Roger said. But according to him, any lass looked sexy to him after he got married. Percy didn't look like this coming home from his job before. She wasn't sure exactly what he worked as, but it seemed to take a lot of his energy. His clothes were dirty too, like he'd been asked to lift old things that collected dust. He was mostly out before six o'clock on a normal day, and had just come home. It was ten in the evening now. She watched him groggily pull out the keys to his room and then struggle to put the keys in. After watching him fumble with the doorknob for thirty seconds, she moved over to him to help him out. Audrey took his keys and fiddled with his doorknob. She opened the door for him. She gave him a soft smile and left to go to the new pub that Roger had been talking about. At the pub, Audrey didn't get wasted, not really. The alcohol was genuinely awful. Everything tasted cheap. Audrey definitely realised by the first sip, she didn't really want to get hammered. The after-drinking food was even worse because she normally tried to eat well, but Roger had been whispering to her about fatty, fried foods and Audrey just gave in. Audrey had gotten boring already. All she wanted to do was go home, sleep and wake up in the morning to finish that gigantic business project she'd had to do. Roger had called her out on her boringness , but honestly, she wasn't the one that got married to a witch at twenty-five years old now, was she? Full off a Pizza Hut followed by a McDonald's ice-cream, Audrey came home feeling like she'd put on three stones. When she walked upstairs with Roger, her heart sunk into her chest when she noticed that Percy was still outside the door. It was three-thirty in the morning and Percy was sat on the ground, head buried into his knees. He looked to be asleep. God, and his door was left ajar. She hoped nobody had stolen anything from his