Hey guys, this is a brand new story for the Twilight fans out there. However, I feel that it is up to me to tell you that this is a OC x Carlisle story so I apologise if this is not to your liking. This particular story takes place a few months after Breaking Dawn. The OC I have designed for this story is one that I hope you guys like. Her name is Mina ( Yes, a Dracula reference) and she is a sister to one of the pack members. It'll become more clearer in the story. I don't own any of the Twilight characters, I only own Mina. Anyways, enjoy and please leave a review :) Chapter One - Home Mina POV I never given much thought as to how I could die, but dying in the arms of someone you love seems like a good way to go. Months had gone by and I pretty much loved my life. I was teaching at the local high school and also taking care of my family, the pack. Although I don't think they know it, I love each and every one of them, including the hot head Paul (Don't tell him). Life as I knew it was amazing, yet I didn't expect to fall in love with a man I was meant to see as my enemy... Turning off the ignition to my truck, I looked out the window to gaze upon the home of my brother, Sam Uley. I couldn't help but remember the last time I saw him. It was just after the stand off against the Volturi. The day was filled with nothing but tension as we prepared to fight for a girl who had a major affect on one of our wolves and would unite two families together. But back then, there was a small problem. I couldn't change into a wolf like all the others and sadly, I still can't. I began to remember that day like it only happened just yesterday... I was shoving a bunch of clothes into my bag, not caring about folding them to keep them neat. The boys were dealing with the aftermath of the confrontation and honestly, I was happy about that. I didn't want to say goodbye, to tell them I was leaving would break both their hearts and mine. I froze in my position as I felt a presence from behind me. I began dreading the worse as I turned round to see none other than my brother, Sam with his arms crossed and an alarmed expression on his face. I broke deep down inside as I knew this could get ugly. "Where are you going?" he asked. I tensed as I responded with "I'm leaving." I resumed packing up. I could hear my brother step into the bedroom and walk to my side. He grabbed my arm and spun me round so that I faced him once more. "You are not going anywhere," he said firmly, looking me dead in the eye. I frowned at him. "This is my decision and you have no control over it," I stood up for myself. The air in the room began to get thicker as the tension levels rose. "I am telling you now Mina Louise Uley, you are most definitely not going anywhere." I slipped on my leather jacket (one Embry got me) and slung my bag over my shoulder. I went past Sam, who was now following me and went down the stairs. Sam grabbed my arm again and stopped me from moving any further. "What is making you act like this?" he asked sadly. I turned to look at him. Quietly, I pulled up my shirt to expose three long scars that made their home along my stomach. "I got these back when Victoria was around. I was up in the mountains with Edward, Bella and Seth. Riley did this to me when I was trying to protect Seth from getting hurt. I swore Seth to secrecy about this and he got me treated by Carlisle who out of the kindness of his heart also kept my secret," I said to him. "I'm tired of being the weak one, tired of seeing those I love get hurt because I wasn't able to protect them to the best of my abilities. I wouldn't be able to live with myself if you got killed Sam because of me and the same goes for the pack," I continued. I could see the pain in Sam's eyes and I could feel the tears in mine. "Just don't go," Sam said quietly. Without a single thought, I hugged my brother close to me that I could have probably broken him in two. I could feel his arms move around my waist and hug me close so his form that I could feel the warmth radiating from his body. I hid my face in his chest as I quietly sobbed. "Minnie stay," he whispered. I shook my head and he sighed. Sam held me at arms length as he said "You are so stubborn. You call at least once a day and talk to us and also write to everyone." I smiled at him and hugged him again, wrapping my arms round his neck and squeezing him tightly. "Can't breathe," Sam gasped jokingly. I laughed and lightly punched him. "I love you brother," I said. Sam smiled and said "I love you to sister"... I snapped out of memory lane and decided that I couldn't run from this anymore. I had to face facts. I was a late bloomer and I had to face the possibility that I may not even become a wolf at all. Knowing this, I decided that I would do my best to protect my family this way. Quietly, I got out of my truck and shut the door behind me. In that moment, the door to the house swung open and the pack ran out in my direction with the biggest smiles on their faces. "She's back!" I heard Quil scream. "Mina's back!" I heard Seth shout. I laughed but that laughter got taken away as I was tackled by most of the group to the floor in excitement. "Okay, let me up," I said in between laughter. I was pulled off the ground by none other than the famous hot head, Paul. "Good to see you back Firecracker," he said with a smirk. I rolled my eyes. "Just shut up and hug me you ding bat," I scoffed. He laughed and pulled me into a comforting hug that I knew I missed. Just like that, the hug then ended. "I missed you guys so so much," I said to each and every one of them with tears in my eyes. "Oh shit! She's gonna cry," Embry joked. I playfully punched him in the arm. They all laughed. It felt like everything was back to normal. I just pulled them all in for a group hugged as we laughed with each other. "Did you miss your favourite wolf?" a voice said from the back of the group. I watched as Jacob made his way through the pack with the biggest and goofiest smile on his face. I immediately gave him a kiss on the cheek and hugged him tightly. "I missed you bestie," Jacob muttered into my ear. "I missed you to pal," I responded. Jacob pulled away, for some reason the smile on his face seemed bigger. "There's someone I want you to meet," he continued on and that's when I noticed a tall yet petite woman stood close by. I was actually quite stunned as I found that she was stunningly beautiful with the most gorgeous brown eyes I'd ever seen. "This is Renesmee," Jake said. Renesmme? Why was that name so familiar? I was looking at her with a slight frown when it suddenly hit me. This was the girl that me and my family protected from the Volturi. But I remembered her being smaller last time. "I think I made her speechless," her velvet voice spoke. I snapped out of my trance and couldn't help but hug her to. I could tell that she was somewhat surprised as she hugged me back. I pulled away and gave her a soft smile. "The boys have told me so much about you Mina," Renesmee said with a smile. She then whispered "I think they see you as a mother figure." I shrugged. I always thought they saw me as a sister but oh what the hell. "What's going on?" a strong booming voice asked. Everyone moved out the way to reveal Sam who looked somewhat confused at the spectacle. However, when he saw me stood among them, his eyes went wide and he froze. "Mina?" Sam asked in surprise. I smiled, the tears that were once in my eyes now traveling down my cheeks. "Sammie..." I cried. I ran over and literally jumped into his arms. Sam hugged back instantly and I felt that he was hugging for dear life. I could hear a couple of murmurs and claps but to me that didn't matter. "I missed you my baby sister," Sam said to me. It only made me cry more. "I missed you to big brother," I cried through tears. Sam pulled away and very gently, wiped away the tears that were going down my cheeks. "I'm glad you're back," he said with a smile. "The pack has missed you like crazy and somehow even a few of the Cullens have missed you." I looked over at Renesmee who nodded to confirm what he said. "Emmett misses his sporting buddy and even the girls have missed you," she said softly. I was stunned. It was something I honestly didn't expect. "I'll go see them tomorrow," I told her. Renesmee smiled at that. "Oh thank god," Paul said. "If Emmett ran the house one more time looking for you, I think I would have had to kill him." I rolled my eyes at his statement. "Anyways," Sam said, trying to change the subject. "Let's get you inside Mina. I want to hear about where you've been." I nodded and followed him as he started walking. It was good to be home. Carlisle POV Hours had gone by when Renesmee finally returned home. I was sat in the living room with Rosalie, Emmett and Edward. However, there was something different about her today and Emmett was the first to notice what was going on with his niece. Her smile was brighter today and she had a spring in her step. "What's with you?" he asked her. I looked in Renesmee's direction but out the corner of my eye, I could see Edward smile and Alice enter the room. "Oh please tell them!" Alice squealed excitedly. I was slightly on edge, curious to know what they did. "Mina has returned to Forks," she said. I was a little confused. "And she's coming over tomorrow to see everyone," Renesmee continued with a smile. I had literally never seen Emmett this happy apart from when he married Rosalie. "Yes! Now I have my football buddy back! Just in time for the match as well!" he cheered and disappeared out the room quicker than I could say boo. I didn't even realise that Rosalie and Alice had disappeared. "Can someone please remind me who Mina is exactly?" I asked politely. Edward looked at me, eyebrows slightly raised. "Mina is Sam Uley's little sister," he said. "She's actually helped protect us on several occasions and even spoke out against the Volturi. That and you have also treated her as your patient." I suddenly remembered who she was. That particular day was etched in my mind and it was one I couldn't forget... "Carlisle!" a voice shouted from outside. I had just returned from Jacob's and was a little exhausted and thirsty. The voice shouted again and I rushed outside, accompanied