Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. A/N: What Snape does with the Pensieve is shown in my other fic, Controlled Remembrance. If you're interested :) There was another life I might've had, but I am having this one.' – Kazuo Ishiguro . Sixteen He reassured himself that there was no deeper purpose to the visit, that all he needed was a reprieve from the oily hostility and sullenness that blanketed the house, the street, and the people who lived on it. That thicket of trees by the river had been his refuge since childhood and he had made his way there more times than he would care to count, either alone, or – not. This was just part of the usual routine. Only a furrow between Snape's eyebrows betrayed his discomfort as he strode along the path and tried to direct his mind away from unpleasant memories. But there were so many – even as he tried to distract himself from the events of that disastrous occasion after the DADA paper, fragments of tangential information flashed across his mind, leaving behind thoughts as vivid as a brand. One in seven Ministry of Magic employees is Muggle-born. Leach was the first Muggle-born Minister for Magic. He had, with his newfound free time, done a little research for – justification purposes. Whether the justification was meant for Lily or for himself was something he preferred not to dwell upon. Eventually, he reached the familiar grove and ignored the pang in his chest as he weaved through the tree trunks with the ease of habit. It was just as he remembered from the previous summer, and the summers before that: the cool shade under the tree branches, the glimpses of a river, the breeze that sometimes blew gently between the trunks. This place remained, an oasis of stability in unpredictable terrain. He settled himself on the ground, leaning gingerly against one of the tree trunks. As he rested his head against the gentle slope of the trunk, treacherous thoughts started resurfacing in his mind. This time with little to distract him, he could but sink into a quagmire of replayed scenarios and questions. So many questions. Crowding with the ' what if s' were ' why s' and ' how did it go so wrong s'. He watched the glitter of water through the trees without really seeing it, as his mind kept going back to that instant . Those few moments which had changed everything and destroyed something irreplaceably precious. His fingers pressed hard into the ground until their tips turned white, as his thoughts replayed again and again like a damaged gramophone record. He knew, deep down, that he didn't really hate Muggle-borns. How could he? How could he hate them when she – no. He hadn't meant to call her that. He could never hate her. Hate was a strong word. And so is Mudblood, a voice whispered at the back of his head, making him cringe slightly. He didn't hate Muggle-borns so much as despise them slightly for their tendency towards ignorance. But ignorance could be resolved, and he honestly didn't think there was anything inherently inferior about them. It was clear that the Ministry was employing a growing number of Muggle-borns (and look at the Minister ). Though he would never admit it to the other Slytherins, he had no problem with such a reality. He only wished fiercely that she knew the latter, and that there was some way he could convince her of this fact. But what good was this introspection now? Knowing that it was hopeless did not, however, stop him from wanting so desperately that he could feel his chest constrict. It had been eighty-seven days since the incident. Somehow without consciously keeping a tally, he knew that figure off the top of his head. And suddenly he felt a burning sense of shame and loss. To make himself a smaller target of his self-censure, he drew his knees to himself and wrapped his arms around them, but still the memories came. Eighty-seven . One in seven . Lily and that air of finality as she turned away . They wouldn't leave him alone. Whyhowwhatifwhatifwhatif . . . His grip tightened. Just then, he heard a twig snap and he turned towards the source of the sound, only to see – She froze as their gazes locked, her eyes slightly widened in surprise and consternation. A growing pit of horror and dismay formed in Snape's stomach, and he sat frozen, not quite knowing how to react, what to do, what to say – This was only supposed to be a routine visit . Lily was the first to recover, her face closing off even as she made no attempt to turn around and walk away. She stayed motionless, the filtered half-light casting odd shadows on her face and making her expression harder to read. But she said nothing for a long while. He managed to gather his wits after a long moment, and avert his eyes as her gaze suddenly became too heavy for him to bear. He remained seated with his arms wrapped around his knees, and it suddenly felt like a shameful protection that lay between them. All his research, all his self-justification, all the lines of reasoning that he had formed in his head now sounded garbled and useless. His carefully geared up courage had deserted him. It was, after all, so much easier to explain himself to an imaginary Lily than to the real Lily face to face. Eventually she spoke, her voice flatly polite. "Hello." Snape's insides twisted. Nothing had changed. "Evans." His voice sounded like it was detached from the rest of him. "I wasn't expecting – " the leaves rustled as she shifted her foot. Snape wasn't looking directly at her, but he followed every movement from the corner of his eye. Silence fell again, and with each passing moment the knot in his stomach tightened. Then she spoke again, this time looking at the ground, her auburn hair falling forward and hiding her face. "Well I suppose I'd better leave you," she said, her voice reverberating oddly in his ears. In his mind's eye, he could see himself calling out, asking her to wait, to give him a chance to verbalise the jumbled pleas and arguments that were threatening to burst out in a torrent. And yet, they were held back by – by a confusing mix of somethings he couldn't quite define. He listened to her departing footsteps, frozen to his spot, and it was only until much later that he realised they had taken a long time to die away. . Eighteen Of all the people he thought he'd ever willingly end up at a pub with, Narcissa Black was ranked somewhere in between Celestina Warbeck and Remus Lupin. Even though he'd never held any public enmity against her, nor she him, she was four years or so older, and he was still at an age where such a gap in maturity was significant. He was barely two months out of school (though hardly wet behind the ears), while she had been a fully qualified witch for a while now. In addition, rumour had it that Lucius Malfoy was interested in pursuing a courtship, and it was never a good idea to get on the bad side of a Malfoy. Still, here he was. And here she was. All in all, it was a slightly surreal outcome of a chance meeting at Flourish and Blotts. It had been going reasonably well so far; Narcissa's aura of haughty reserve did not completely obscure a dry wit and keenly perceptive gaze. They appreciated each other's caustic observations without having to exaggerate their reactions, and shared a common, ironic view of the world. While Snape did not see how she would ever be seriously interested in him, nor he her, that did not stop him from having a pleasant time. ". . . And she said that over her dead body would she ever go back, though I suspect even her cold mortal remains wouldn't be accepted back, judging by the manner of her departure," she said, a slight smile playing about her lips. "Mother was beside herself." "I'm surprised you even went to talk to her," he said, grimacing as he knocked back his fifth glass of Firewhisky. Narcissa shrugged carelessly. "I don't approve of her marrying that Mudblood, of course, but someone has to balance out all that hysteria and ill will. The atmosphere in my house is terribly depressing these days." A tinge of disdain coloured her last words. His humourless chuckle disguised a slight wince at the slur. "Time to move to a new one, then." She did not answer him immediately, choosing instead to take a leisurely sip of her Gillywater. The clink of glass on the wooden counter top was a tad more careful than it could've been. "Perhaps. But I'm terribly fond having a room to myself. I'd rather not give it up so soon." "I hear there're plenty of rooms in Malfoy Manor," he said absently, staring into his empty glass. He'd instantly understood that moving out and living alone for a Black was not an option that fell within reasonable boundaries. Narcissa raised a pale eyebrow. "Malfoy, hmm?" In the dim lighting of the pub the hand wrapped around her glass seemed luminescent. There was a pause, before she said with a slight smile, "Like I said. I'm terribly fond of having a room to myself." "And of Butterbeer?" he said smoothly. "And of Butterbeer." He looked up to find her looking at him with the hint of a challenge in her eyes. Without breaking eye contact, he slowly lifted his glass to salute her. "Well then. It's an empty glass, but here's to autonomy. And speaking of which, I should get another." He could tell that she was deciding whether or not he was mocking her as she stared speculatively at him; he had come a long way since losing control in front of Lily. There was a certain feeling of liberation that came with having little to lose. After a long moment, Narcissa relaxed and narrowed her eyes appreciatively. "To autonomy," she said, lifting her glass. "For just a little while longer. And the glass is always empty for you, isn't it, Severus?" "Oh, I wouldn't say that," he said. She shot him an amused look. "Oh come now. I wasn't in your year in Hogwarts, but I do pay attention to my surroundings you know." One heartbeat. Two heartbeats. He knew that his expression had closed off, even as his voice took on the silky trappings of casualness. "I don't know what you're talking about." He could feel her gaze on him, swift and piercing. Perceptiveness, he reflected with some irritation, was a double-edged sword. Choosing his next words with care, he said, "And why were you even concerning yourself with students four years down? Didn't you have better things to do?" A touch of boredom, some sarcasm and a smidgen of dismissiveness. He prayed that it wasn't overdone, and cursed the Firewhisky that was addling his senses. Narcissa's lip curled slightly, but when she next spoke, it was in a surprisingly thoughtful voice. "When I was in school, I had to deal with my share of male attention. . . Yours wasn't obvious – but I suppose when your time isn't taken up by unnecessary chatter you get a proper look at the people around you. I've – always enjoyed observing people anyway." It was done with a veneer of casualness, but her next words were unbearably blunt. She said, "It was the Evans girl, wasn't it?" His gaze was frozen on the liquor bottles on display, even as his mind raced at a million miles an hour. And he thought , that he'd get to keep this one secret, this one thing –