Chapter 1 We Accidentally Vapourize Our Pre-Algebra Teacher Aaron: look, we didn't want to be half-bloods. If you are reading this because you think you might be one, our advice is: close this book immediately. Believe whatever your parents told you about your birth and lead a normal life. Aaron? Aaron: Oh, right, being a half blood is dangerous. it's scary, sometimes even of the times it gets you killed in painful and nasty ways Percy: If you're a normal kid, reading this book because you think its fiction, great. Read on. We envy you for being able to believe that none of this ever happened Aaron: But if you recognise yourself in these pages... if you feel anything stirring inside... stop reading this book, it could save your life, you could be one of us. And its only a matter of time before they sense it too, and they will come for you. Don't say we didn't warn you. Aaron, you want to start? Okay, my name is Aaron Jackson, and my twin brother here is Percy Jackson. We are twelve years old. Until a few months ago, we were boarding students at Yancy Academy, a private school for troubled kids in upstate New York. Are we troubled kids? Yeah, you could say that We could start at anytime in our short miserable lives to prove it, but things really started going downhill last May, when our class went on a field trip to Manhattan. Twenty-Nine mental-case students and two teachers on a yellow school bus, going to the Metropolitan Museum of Art to look at dusty Ancient Greek and Roman stuff. I know, it sounds boring. Most of the field trips at Yancy were. But Mr. Brunner, our Latin teacher, was leading this trip, so we had high hopes. Mr. Brunner was this middle-aged guy in a motorized wheelchair. He had thinning hair and a scruffy beard and a slightly frayed tweed jacket, which for some reason always smelled like coffee. You wouldn't think he'd be anywhere near cool, but he always told stories and jokes and let us play games in class, which was fine by me. He also had this cool collection of Roman armour and weapons, so he was the only teacher ever whose classes didn't put me to sleep. My brother and I both hoped we wouldn't get into trouble. Boy were we wrong... See, bad things happen to us when we go on field trips. like our fifth grade trip to the Saratoga battlefield, Percy had this accident with a Revolutionary War cannon. He wasn't aiming at the school bus... Percy: Hey! In all fairness, Aaron aimed it... Aaron: ...but we still got expelled anyways. And before that, our fourth grade school took a behind-the-scenes tour of the Marine World shark pool. I sort of leaned against the wrong lever, and our class took an unexpected dive in the shark pool. and the time before that... well, I think I've nailed the idea in your head. This trip we were both determined to be good. All the way into the city, we had to put up with Nancy Bobofit, a freckly, red-headed kleptomaniac girl, trying to hit our friend Grover on the head with pieces of peanut-butter and ketchup sandwich. Like I said, Tried. I kept blocking the pieces of sandwich with my wings... Oh yeah, guess I should explain that. You see, i am... different. Well, more different, than the other kids, and my brother. For my entire life, up until my life changed, I... We, had no idea why, since we were identical twins, up until our eyes, which were slightly different. My wings were midnight black and had a span of 7 1/2 feet on each side, which I usually don't have them extended, most of the time i had them resting against my back. You will see later in the story why I have them. Anyways, back to the story. Grover was an easy target. He was scrawny. He cried when he got frustrated. He must have been held back a couple of grades, because he was the only sixth grader with the start of a wispy beard on his chin and a case of acne. On top of all that, he was crippled. He had a note excusing him from P.E class for the rest of his life because he had some type of muscular disease in his legs, but don't let that fool you. You should see him on enchilada day in the cafeteria, boy can he run when he wanted to... Anyway, Nancy Bobofit was still trying to throw wads of sandwich in his hair which i still blocked with my wings, which i wish she wouldn't, that sandwich will take a while to clean out. She knew we couldn't do anything other than that about it, because the school had threatened my brother and I to in-school suspension, which might ruin us for a while, if anything bad, disastrous, embarrassing, or even mildly entertaining happened on this trip. "I'm going to kill her," my brother growled I tried to calm him down and remind him to what might happen if he follows through with his plan. "It's fine, I can wash it out later Perce. Remember what would happen if we tried that out now?" I blocked another piece of Nancy's lunch. "That's it." He started to get up, but Grover pulled him back down. "Aaron's right, Percy. You two are already on probation," he said to my brother "You know who'll get blamed if anything happens." he said pointing at me and Percy. Looking back on it, I wished I helped my brother execute his plan right there and then. In-school suspension would be way better as to what would soon be happening. Mr. Brunner led the tour through the museum. He rode up front in his wheelchair, guiding us through the big echoey galleries, past marble statues and glass cases full of really old pottery It blew our minds that this stuff had survived for two to three thousand years. He gathered us all around a thirteen-foot-tall stone column with a big sphinx on the top, and started to tell us about how it was a stele, for a girl about our age. He told us about the carvings on the sides. I was trying to listen, but everybody around me was talking, and every time my brother told them to shut up, Mrs. Dodds would give us the evil eye. Mrs. Dodds was this little math teacher from Georgia who always wore a black leather jacket, even though she looked like she was from ancient times, she still looked mean enough to ride a motorcycle into your locker (which I hope she doesn't). She had come to Yancy half-way through the year when our previous math teacher had a nervous breakdown. From her first day, Mrs. Dodds loved Nancy Bobofit and figured me and my brother were the spawn of the devil. She would point her crooked finger at us and say, "Now, honey," real sweet, and we both knew right away that we would be staying back to erase math textbooks until midnight. One time, when we got back from erasing math textbooks, Percy told Grover that he didn't think Mrs. Dodds was human. He just turned around and looked at him seriously and said, "you're absolutely right." Mr. Brunner kept talking about Greek funeral art. Finally, Nancy Bobofit snickered something about the naked guy on the stele, and my brother turned around, and before i could do anything, he said, "Will you shut up?" it sounded like it came out louder than he meant to. The entire group started laughing. Mr. Brunner stopped his story. "Mr. Jackson," he said, "did you have a comment?" his face looked beet red. he replied, "No, sir." Mr. Brunner pointed to one of the carvings on the stele. "Perhaps you'll tell us what this picture represents?" He looked at the picture and a look of relief played across his face as he recognised it. "That's Kronos eating his kids, right?" I was surprised he even knew what that was because he never remembered what was taught in class, even if he tried his best. must be the ADHD and Dyslexia that we had. "Yes," Mr. Brunner said, obviously not satisfied. "And can you tell us why he did this?" I was worried he would get it wrong, but to my surprise... "Well..." he thought. "Kronos was the king god, and..." "God?" Mr brunner asked, quizzicly. "Titan." I whispered to him. "Mr. Jackson, I do believe Percy will get this right on his own." "Sorry, sir." I apologised. "continue, Percy." Mr. Brunner told my brother. "Anyway... Kronos was the king Titan and... he didnt trust his kids, who were the gods. So, um, Kronos ate them, right? But his wife hid baby Zeus, and gave Kronos a rock to eat, instead of Zeus. Later, when Zeus grew up, he tricked his dad into barfing up his brothers and sisters..." "Eeew!" said some of the girls behind him. I turned around and gave them my infamous death stare , and they shut up pretty quickly. "...and so there was this big fight between the Titans and the Gods," he continued, "and the Gods won." Some people in the group were snickering, and before I could glare at them, Nancy Bobofit said, "Like we're going to use this in real life. Like its going to say on our job applications, 'Please explain why Kronos ate his kids.'" "and why, Mr Jackson," Mr. Brunner said, "to paraphrase Miss Bobofit's excellent question, does this matter in real life?" "Busted," me and Grover both said in sync "Shut up," she hissed, her face brighter than her hair. At least she got packed, too. Mr. Brunner was the only teacher ever hearing her say anything bad. Gotta love those radar ears of his. Percy thought about the question, until he gave up and shrugged. Well, I couldn't have expected him to know that, because I didn't know it either. "I see," Mr. Brunner said, clearly disappointed. "Well, Half credit to Mr. Jackson. Zeus did in fact feed Kronos a mixture of mustard and wine, which made him disgorge his other five children, who, of course, being immortal gods, had survived and had been living inside the Titans stomach, completely undigested. The gods then defeated their father and cut him into a thousand pieces with his own scythe, and tossed his remains into the darkest part of the Underworld, Tartarus. As he said that last word, the air turned a bit cold, and if anyone else noticed, they didn't give in. "And on that happy note, it's time for lunch. Mrs. Dodds, would you lead the class back outside?" The class then drifted back outside, the girls holding their stomachs, like they were about to puke, and the guys pushing each other around and acting like doofuses. Grover, my brother and I were about to follow when Mr. Brunner said "Jacksons." We both saw that coming We told Grover to go on. Then we turned to Mr. Brunner. "Sir?" we both asked. Mr. Brunner had this look that wouldn't let go of you, unlike my 'death stare', he had intense brown eyes that looked like they've seen everything "I need you to find the answer to my question," Mr brunner told us. "About the Titans?" "About real life. And how both of your studies apply to it." "oh." was the only thing that came out of my mouth. "What you learn from me, is vitally important. I expect you two to treat it as such. I will accept only the best from you two, Jacksons." I flexed my wings nervously I wanted to get angry, this guy pushed me and my brother so hard. I mean , sure, it was cool when he would dress up in Roman armour, and would shout,