TTC C1 Edited Two figures stood in the dark night of the mountains in Northern California. As the bright moonlight reflected of their skin, you could tell that they were very powerful beings. Their auras emitted an ancient feeling. The man had a golden bow strung on his back that matched his glowing aura. Apollo, the god of archery and healing plus many more things. He had tattered clothes and was obviously running from someone even more powerful than himself. In the man's arms was a baby boy. He couldn't have been more than a month old. The woman talking to Apollo is Artemis, his twin sister. The cold wind rushed through their hair and the baby almost started to cry. "Please Artemis, I promise to never say that I'm older than you ever again." Artemis put her hands on her hips and glared at her brother. "And why can't you just take the child to Camp Half-Blood?" A deer scampered in the leaves near them and Apollo jumped up, frightened by the sudden movement. It was very unusual to see the normally upbeat god in such a fragile manner. "Daddy dearest threw a tantrum. It wasn't bad at first but he is really angry now. If you had heard what he said he was going to do to this child you would be as worried as me." Artemis cocked her head to the side. "Why are you trying so hard? You never cared for any of your other demigod children. I guess I wouldn't care as much if they were from random skanks from around the world. And the answer is no." Apollos face hardened as he took the meaning of death glare to a whole new level. A low blow, especially from his own sister. "I do love all my children, even if I can't always be there for them. You know that. I'm begging you to take him in for me. Father will kill him. You can send him to the camp as soon as I am sure dad won't kill my child." Artemis looked at the child and her heart sank. She is the goddess of childbirth so she did have a slight weakness for children, even male ones. The boy had stormy blue eyes with gold specks. He had dark hair with natural blond highlights. She looked back at Apollo who was on his knees begging her. Apollo would never do this unless the child is very important to him. "Fine. But only for a little. And you owe me big time." Apollo grinned and squeezed his sister tight in a hug and before he handed her the baby he touched the child's head and whispered, "I give you my blessing my little Perseus." He nodded towards Artemis like she was supposed to do something. "You want me to bless the child? You're out of your mind." "Please, Arty. It will mask my scent." Artemis sighed and ignored the nickname. "Maybe if he earns it." With that, she grabbed the baby from her twin brother's arms and teleported away back to her camp. Apollo was left on his own and just sat on the cold rock until finally, his brother Ares found him and took him back to Olympus. Olympus Apollo was pulled up to the King's throne with his hands behind his back. Ares was holding him there so he could move as Zeus bombarded the sun god with threats to his child. "If I ever see that child there will be no mercy for either of you! Ares, you can leave." The god nodded and left the king and his son by themselves. "You disappoint me Apollo." Apollo spit on his father's throne. Not a smart move. "You will never touch my son you old bastard." Zeus's face became red with anger and he brought out his master bolt. It crackled against Apollo's skin, burning the outer layer. Apollo flinched against it and it didn't even touch him. "You better watch yourself my son. Now try that again." Don't be stupid. Do the smart thing and apologize, Apollo thought to himself. "I'm sorry father." "Don't ever insult me again. And keep your boy safe, because he won't know what hit him." Artemis' Camp, 1823 Artemis stared at the baby boy in her arms as she sat in the camp of maidens. How would she explain a baby boy coming to their camp when all of them were taught to hate all men? She closed her eyes and walked out of her tent with the child in her arms. She could hear the shouts of laughter at the campfire were her hunters were eating dinner. It was still pitch black outside, if it weren't for the stars and the moon in the sky. She stepped through the camp luckily all of the hunters were eating so she would only explain this once. She stepped into the light and all of the hunters looked her way. She held the baby towards them and told them the news. "This is Percy and he is the son of Apollo. He will be staying with us for a while because my father is trying to kill him. Any questions?" All hell broke loose when she finished speaking. Food flew through the air and weapons were out. One girl even through a knife at the baby but Artemis dodged it and got mad. "Shut up! Everybody sit down. Now any questions?" Zoe stood up. "How can you let a boy enter our camp, let alone live with us?" A few other hunters agreed with her. Artemis looked at her best hunter sadly. "This boy is being hunted down by all of Olympus and even if I don't like it, he is a part of my family. Apollo begged on his knees to me. Plus, he living with us doesn't mean we can't show him who is boss." A few girls relaxed at this and Artemis knew eventually they would warm up to the boy. Five years later Percy sprinted through the forest as fast as humanly possible for his small age. The hunters still haven't warmed up to the boy fully. Yeah, five years and they're still hesitant about him. Right now he's being chased by a wolf. Of course the wolf knows not to kill the boy. The hunters told it to scare the little kid. Unfortunately the young boy didn't know that so he took out his knife and hid behind a tree, breathing slowly. He could hear the wolf coming towards him so he jumped out from behind the tree and jumped on top of the wolf stabbing it in the leg. The wolf fell down into a pile of leaves as the hunters gasped and jumped down from the trees where they were laughing a few seconds before. "What the hell did you do?" One of the hunters started screaming at him so tears began to stream down his face. "I'm sorry." The little boy ran over to the injured wolf. He hugged the wolf and began to glow gold and the wolves cut leg closed up. The hunters looked astonished at the boy. That day was the beginning of a long friendship between man and beast. Ten years later The fifteen year old boy sprinted across the dirt ground on the outskirts of the forest with his wolf, Wolf. Yeah, very creative but he named him when he was five. Percy had only his bearskin pants so his toned body was showed off the world. Luckily he was in the middle of the forest so no one would see him. Not that he cared. He grabbed a tree branch and swung himself up a tree like a monkey. Wolf stopped chasing him and crouched down. Percy peered through the trees and saw something breaking down the forest as he charged towards them. A Minotaur. Percy didn't have any weapons on him but he couldn't just let the monster roam free. Percy hopped down from the tree. "Wolf go back to the site." His loyal pet didn't want to, but Wolf left. "Time to have fun." The Minotaur stopped charging when he saw the boy. Then he growled and hurled himself at Percy. The young hunter dodged left and grabbed the beast's leg tripping it. It pushed its self up and grabbed at Percy who stabbed it with a rock he picked up. That didn't do anything so Percy jumped up and grabbed a hold of the horns on the Minotaur. Pulling as hard on the beast as he was swung around. He clenched his teeth so he wouldn't bite his tongue off. He was flung off into a tree still holding onto the horn, which was ripped off the monsters head. His head buzzed and he could barely see. He opened his eyes and saw a blurry figure roaring and charging towards him so he stuck the horn up and felt it sink into the monsters stomach. Just as the Minotaur fell on him it exploded into gold dust and covered Percy with it. He laughed out loud and wiped his eyes. Slowly standing up, Percy then took off towards the sound of rushing water. He was heading there in the first place but the Minotaur distracted him. He got to a small shore on the beach and jumped in wearing his birthday suit. He wasn't worried about anyone coming here. A hunter was under the waterfall bathing herself, but Percy didn't know that so he swam around under water washing his body off. The lake was really clear and deep at some points so Percy swam to the waterfall part for a shower. He rubbed his hands through his hair and closed his eyes when he felt someone bump into him. He opened his eyes and saw Zoe Nightshade staring right at him. She was frozen there as Percy stared at her with his jaw to the floor. She looked at his stomach to avoid eye contact but when she saw his abs it just made her face even redder. Percy had never seen anything like her. That's when she snapped out of it. She didn't have any weapons so she punched him in the face multiple times. She swam back to the shore and left Percy there to die in the water. He crawled up on a rock and waited for himself to heal. One month later Percy sat down next to Zoe Nightshade at the bonfire. They hadn't talked much in that month but Percy kept trying to apologize and make it up to her. They didn't look at each other, just stared at the roaring fire. "Come with me." Zoe told him and they quickly left to talk alone, without anyone noticing they're gone. Once they were outside the camp boundaries Percy leant against a tree and ran his hand through his hair. Zoe looked away. Luckily it was dark so Percy couldn't see her blush. She couldn't be falling for a male. Especially not Percy, but why not? He was handsome. Ugh, she couldn't be thinking that. The way he leaned on the tree was so cute, and when he brushed his hand through his hair. No, that's stupid! How can leaning against a tree be handsome? No, She just thinks he is a decent looking human being. That's all. Percy stared at Zoe's beautiful face. Her obsidian eyes perfectly matched her silky black hair that flowed down her copper colored skin. She was the most gorgeous girl in the world. He had this feeling inside of him that was growing for her and as much as he wanted to deny it, he wasn't stupid. He knew he was falling for her. "I'm sorry about what happened." He walked over to a grass patch and laid down on the ground. She laid down right next to him. She was beginning to have feelings like this and she was worried.