Katniss "More wine baby?" Peeta holds up the bottle of red. "Please," I nod gratefully with a smile. He pours some into my glass swiftly and carefully. "Oh my god," I moan. "This is sooooo good Peeta." "Thank Kenneth," he grins. "He cooked it." "Thank you Kenneth!" I call over to the galley. He pops his head out and smiles. "You're welcome Mrs. Mellark." "Please Kenneth, call me Katniss. If you call me Mrs. Mellark one more time you're fired," I joke. "Yes Mrs.-," he stops himself. I chuckle. "Yes Katniss." "Kenneth what do we have for dessert?" Peeta inquires. "Coffee and assorted pastries," he answers as he pours us each a cup of the steaming drink. "Perfect, Kenneth," Peeta praises. "Thank you very much." Kenneth just nods as he retrieves the platter of pastries, which, of course, are scrumptious. "Are we flying over the Atlantic or Pacific?" I ask Peeta. "Atlantic. We're stopping in Lisbon to refuel." "Okay. I've never been to Portugal." "Me either. One day we'll take a trip there, okay?" "Sounds great," I smile. "Are we landing in Portland?" "Yeah," he nods. "I thought we could surprise Prim. I called the hospital and checked her schedule. She should be at work when we arrive. I spoke to her boss and she's going to give her some time off." "Peeta," I mildly scold, but I don't really mean it. "You didn't have to do all that." "Sure I didn't, but I wanted to. You haven't seen your sister in a while. I wanted you to be able to spend some quality time together. You're close with her, you both deserve it." "First, she's our sister now honey. Second, thank you. You're right I haven't seen her in a long time. I can't wait to show you off. She's going to be jealous." "Does she have a boyfriend or anything?" "I don't really know," I shrug. "She's dated a few guys but nothing serious. She doesn't have a lot of free time as an ER doctor, you know?" "I can imagine," he nods. "Well if she's even half as beautiful and smart as her sister, she's quite the catch." I roll my eyes. "You're so corny sometimes," I tease. "Worked on you didn't it?" He teases back. I shrug again. "Maybe," I tilt my head side-to-side. "Or maybe it was the altitude affecting my judgment, like Finnick said." "Or maybe I just have impeccable seduction skills." "I don't see how that's possible considering I own your virginity," I smirk. "You mean you think you own my virginity," he smirks back. "Peeta," I warn, "don't even joke with me about that. Please." "Sorry," he says sincerely. "You know you're my first, my only, and my last Kat." "I know," I nod, giving him a small smile. "Trust me, you're definitely my first. The first time we made love I thought I was going to burst at the seams you were so huge." "Oh trust me I've never doubted that," he grins widely. "Considering how tight you still are." I glance around to make sure Kenneth hasn't reappeared, considering our conversation is turning decidedly dirty. "I just hope you still find me sexy after I have your kids," I lament quietly. "Honey trust me, when you are pregnant with our children, there's going to be nothing in this world more beautiful than you. Don't get me wrong, you are already the most beautiful thing in the world, but you carrying my children will just amplify that." "Yeah until I give birth," I huff. "Maybe I'll just get C-Sections." "What? Why?" "So I don't ruin my vagina for you," I whisper painfully. "I want you to still find me attractive." He rolls his eyes and smiles. "Kat I never thought I'd have to say this, but I will find you attractive no matter what. You could shave your head and not bathe for six months and I'd still want to have sex with you twenty four hours a day." "We'll see," I answer. "Can we talk about something else?" I beg. "Sure honey," he smiles. Peeta Once we finish dinner, we're both exhausted. All the energy we spent climbing has drained our bodies. I'm forced to carry Katniss back to the bedroom. The combination of her fatigue and the wine we drank has caught up to her. She mumbles that she loves me and thanks me for carrying her. I chuckle at the adorable sleepy look on her face. "Let's get you into some PJs," I say as I lay her on the bed. "No," she mutters, shaking her head. "Just get my shirt and pants off." She raises her arms and I help slide her shirt off. She unzips and unbuttons her jeans and I pull them off her legs. I pull back the covers and help her slip into bed. I quickly strip down to my boxers and hop in bed. As soon as I lay down, she turns and melts into me. She throws a leg over mine and an arm over my stomach, pillowing her head on my bare chest. She lightly kisses my skin. "Goodnight baby," she whispers. "I love you." "Goodnight gorgeous. Love you too." We wake up a few hours later when we're on final approach to Lisbon. We dress and take our seats for the landing. We're only on the ground for less than a half hour, just enough time to refuel, before we take off again and west out over the ocean, to America. "What time will it be when we get there?" Katniss asks, looking out the window. "Around eight in the morning locally," I tell her. "God knows what time our bodies think it'll be." We both laugh at that and she leans her head on my shoulder, both of us still in our seats. "I want to sleep for a week straight," she declares. "Sounds good to me," I agree. "Tell me more about our house on Flagstaff." "Okay," I nod, kissing the top of her head. "It's right on the water, facing east so we can see the sunrise over the lake. Our bedroom is on the second floor and we have a huge balcony looking out. Our room has floor-to-ceiling doors and windows. The master bath has heated tiles so the floor is nice and warm when you get out of the shower or bath. There's a whole huge walk-in closet just for you. We have a fireplace in our room too, and there are two more downstairs. The main living room has cathedral ceilings with huge leather couches and chairs. The interior is decorated with dark wood, and the house always smells fresh, like cedar. I have two ovens to bake you cheese buns in." "Mmmm," she rubs her belly comically. "Is there a pool or anything?" "No pool," I shake my head. "But there is a hot tub on the deck." "We're definitely spending some late nights out there," she whispers seductively, kissing my cheek. I shudder a bit and she giggles. "What else?" "We have a ski boat," I explain. "Do you know how to wakeboard or waterski?" "No." "I'll teach you. We also have a fifteen-foot sailboat." "You'll teach me how to sail too?" "Of course." She looks pleased, and I'm already looking forward to sailing and boating on the lake with her. While our home is near where we grew up, it's still far enough away to be private. My family actually doesn't even know where it is. My brothers and dad know that I have a home nearby, but that's it. They've never seen it, at least not yet. "Come on," she tugs on my hand as she stands up, "let's hit the sack." Katniss We fall asleep quickly, and I feel safer than ever wrapped up in my husband's arms. Every minute that passes as we get closer and closer to Maine, my anxiety levels rises. I'm not anxious because I'm embarrassed or anything like that. I'm anxious because I haven't been home in a long time. I'm planning on seeing my mother, and I have no idea how that encounter is going to go. At least Peeta will be with me. I'm also planning on meeting Peeta's family. I haven't seen his father since we were kids, and I hardly ever knew his brothers. It's meeting his mother, however, that has me anxious. Peeta has told me stories about her abuse, and I've witnessed firsthand his nightmares about her. I've seen how affected his psyche is, how much damage she really did to this poor innocent boy. I'm worried that I'm going to lose it when I see her, that I'll let my anger get the best of me. I know that's not what he would want, but I'm scared I won't be able to help it. My love for Peeta is unlike anything I've ever felt. My urge to protect him, physically and emotionally, easily overtakes all other emotions I feel. I have no idea how I'd react if I witnessed her attempt to hurt him in any way. That doesn't just include physical abuse either. "Mr. and Mrs. Mellark, we're an hour out of Portland," Andrew says over the speakers. Peeta rustles next to me and yawns adorably. "Hey sweetie," I kiss his chin. "We're almost there. Maybe we should get dressed," I suggest with a grin. "I kind of like what you're wearing right now," he mumbles, staring at my scantily clothed body with sleepy eyes. I giggle and playfully hit his chest. "This view is reserved for my husband," I state defiantly. "It better be," he smiles. "Your lingerie isn't exactly covering all that much up." He's right. This is certainly one of my more suggestive sets. It's black and quite lacy. I was a little nervous when I picked them out, but the look on Peeta's face when he saw me in them for the first time was certainly worth it. "Yeah? You like it?" I tease, rubbing my breasts gently. "We don't have time for that honey," he whines. "Please don't torture me." "Fine, fine," I relent and give him a quick peck on the lips. "I want the next time we have sex to be in our bed at our home," he tells me sincerely. "I think that's a wonderful idea," I respond equally as sincere. "Besides, we're seeing Prim soon. I don't think the first time you see her you want to look like you just got fucked sideways," he jokes. "Oh I see. Someone thinks pretty highly of themselves," I tease. "Are you telling me I'm not telling the truth?" He grins. "Okay I'll give you that one," I nod. "Yes, Peeta. You consistently rock my world." "Good to know." We go about getting dressed, both of us wearing comfy jeans and tees. It's early summer in Maine so it shouldn't be too hot or too cold, just right. Once we're ready we pack up our stuff and head back to the main cabin, taking seats next to each other and buckling in as we start our final descent into Portland. "Hey Peeta?" "Hmm?" "What do you think happened to Gale?" I ask nervously. "I don't know honey," he answers quietly. I've been wondering this for a couple days. After he left the Col when we left for the summit bid, we didn't hear from him. We asked when we got back to ABC, but nobody remembered seeing him all that much. There were a couple sightings in Base Camp but that's all we could find. He definitely didn't go back onto the mountain, so we have no idea what happened to him, where he went, or where he is now. I'm not necessarily worried, he can take care of himself after all. It would be nice, however, to know if we have to fret about him popping up randomly in our lives. "Do you want to invite him to