A/N: This short story is loosely based from the song "Mistakes Like This" by Prelow. It has explicit content and writing, so you have been warned. Summary: If you've read my short story Neptune, I've decided to make another story, this time a short one about Isobel. Now this isn't a happy story. Well, not completely. A war is coming and a school, once free, is being taken over by a sadistic tyrant in pink after all. This story is about a girl, Isobel MacDougal, a young Gryffindor who is just trying to find her way, and in the process, found herself in the arms of a boy. She found herself wrapped in these arms many nights and behind closed doors. But he was a troubled boy, one whom things never seemed to go right around and he attracted quite a bit of trouble. They were just two students trying to survive in a capitalist land where sometimes things aren't what they seem. "Sometimes things aren't what they appear." Isobel didn't know to what extent this reached but soon she will learn. She will learn that hard lesson in the arms of another who owned her all. She, in the mist of trying to pass classes, with school drama, a war on the rise, and trying to keep her own relationships afloat, Isobel will learn this at an ultimate price. [Disclaimer: Harry Potter and its characters, settings and such belong to J.K. Rowling. The song "Mistakes Like This" is owned by the band Prelow. I own nothing ] She gasped loudly, her back arching on its on accord, and her lips parting in a breathless, silent cry. Her hands found his chest and pushed against it, her back going limp and her body begins falling backwards, lost in the pleasure and his large hands were there to catch her, wrapping around her thin waist to hold her steady. Bodies are trembling and pants filled the room, as did the heat from them being so close and so intimate. Her long hair was raunchy and tumbled behind her. He had said he liked her hair, once. Sometimes he would run his hands through it; said her long waves and curls smelled of a sweet scent, something that he couldn't put his finger on, a smell almost like flowers. Earlier, he had tangled it around his fingers and yanked her head back, and she had moaned about it. She moaned loudly. He liked that shit. Her hair fell behind them, a mess of bushy waves and curls splaying behind her back and over her bosom before he brushed it aside from her right mound to grabbed it for himself. Her lip would catch between her teeth as his found the pulse on her throat and he would search for that special point that made her lips tremble and unholy noises come from her. He was venomous; he was like poison to her, like as something that she knew would come back around and destroy her in the end. But it was moments like these that she didn't think of it; neither cared much for the addiction both caused each other. Right now, everything else would wait. It was in moments like these where it was just them, that they were all this is, was, and will be. It was in these moments they relished in the pleasure they produced together even for a few hours to have her arms around his shoulders as he kissed—no, made those feelings go away, even just for a limited time. Now, she could feel him all over her and could guess that there would be another hickie when he finished, and she wasn't surprised in the slightest. She squirmed against him at feeling his tongue slide up her neck and a thought came to her that he seemed more urgent and hasty this time, his motions more rough and hands grabbed like she would slip away. She didn't protest. And he liked leaving her hickies. His mouth was always merciless that way. Her fingers found his shoulders and nails bit down harshly. Her other hand sliding down his chest as she felt his tongue slide across her jugular and over a bruise he had made earlier in their session. His breath was hot and feeling it splay across her bare skin made her stomach twist happily. A small noise escaped her throat as he gave a small buck of his hips and she moaned between tight lips. Her plump lips opened to form a wide O-shape at feeling his mouth everywhere, and when his hand traveled to the small of her back, pushing them closer, she just about lost it. It was in moments like these that made her want to shout and cry out in ecstasy. And he saw this coming, and wrapped a hand around her mouth to keep her quiet. He watched as her eyes squeeze shut as she let out a loud, yet luckily muffled mewl as she squirmed above him. He glanced down for a moment to where they were still connected, feeling her muscles begin to tremble. His hips rolled and she whimpered. She caught his hand sliding to her stomach and the quick look that passed his face as he bit his lip when they moved together. And when he turned his eyes up at her, bright and marvelous as sparkling jade gems that boring into her, she found she couldn't hold his stare—she never could. And as she turned away, a bit shy now of all moments, something inside her made her toes curl and her breath hitches. His mouth attacks under her ear and she feels her stomach clench in that familiar giddy as he starts yet another hickie. His teeth graze her skin as his hot breath hits her ear and he groans. She tries not to let out her nervous giggle right now as his hands slid across her body. She watches the muscles of his abdomen stretch under her hand, a knuckle of her other finding her mouth and from her full lips his name flows like a mantra. At one moment, their faces come together, so close that noses were touching and lips were already opened at ready. But they did nothing; they didn't touch. That was the one rule she had made: that they could look, they could touch, but kissing was a no . It was off limits. Kissing was too intimate. . . . . That next morning, she had to be woken up to someone shaking her shoulder. Her roommates gathering the last of their supplies for class and calls of "you're gonna be late, Isobel," and "took you long enough to wake up" being reminders that the weekend was now over. She had merely looked toward them and then turned back over in bed. The sun was bright and blinded her when she sat up. "What're you smiling at so early this morning?! You have Potions this morning, remember?!" one of the girls said to her, a girl with shoulder-lengthed straight black hair with the name Melanie. Isobel wasn't smiling, just smirking slightly, hugging her pillow, still wrapped in her comforter. Though she had a slight ache, she felt all she needed was a good stretch of her muscles before beginning the day. She thought it best to do so after they all left the room after seeing she was bare under the covers. Isobel waited until all the girls rushed out their shared bedroom and it was once again empty before she sat up in bed. The sunlight was dancing around the room and warmed her bare skin. She wasn't surprised to awake alone, not in the slightest. They've done this enough times for it to be expected, routine. She stretched and there was a slight throbbing, an empty feeling between her legs. She didn't much care if she was late for class today, she thought as she rubbed her eyes and yawned. She was too tired to think about stuff like that anyways. She had had her release, her "little fix," as she liked to call it. She was relaxed and stress free and couldn't give a care in the world right now this early in the morning. . . . . The halls of Hogwarts were emptying out by now, and she turned the corner towards the dungeon, adjusting her books under her arms. She caught sight of a few robes hurrying past in the direction the classroom and she quickened her pace. She focused on keeping her head clear for class—she had to focus this time. When she had hung her feet over the edge of her bed that morning, feeling her hair fall behind her and thought it would no doubtly be a mess and the reason that she would be late. She had looked down at herself—light red markings could be seen on her tan skin that collected around her thighs. Marks of his presence. Like a ghost these moments were, gone without a trace and any evidence except for a slight aching and a memory. She had almost fell when she first stood from bed that morning, knees buckling for a second. There were a few who were rushing inside the dungeon classroom now. It was a group of tall boys and they looked quite familiar. Isobel unintentionally paused before opening the door. Remembering the look she was given by Snape last time when she came in late with rumpled clothes and hair, she paused to make sure she was decent before walking in. The group of boys inched past her and she remembered seeing them at some Quidditch game in the past. Quidditch. The thought about it, and briefly of him , flickered across her mind, of the boy she had been with just the day before. She shook her head instead, to clear it. Isobel takes in a deep breath before walking inside. It's not that she didn't like Professor Snape, unlike a good portion of the student body—in fact, she hadn't had a problem with him as of yet. Also, this class—Potions—was the one she excelled in greatly, and Snape made sure to have made it known even though she wasn't in his house. But as Isobel made her way down the row of desks, she couldn't shake the feeling that so many eyes were on her, and she quickened her steps. A lump appeared in her throat per usual and a slight color to her ears from a blush followed. She was grateful her hair hid them. Her hand automatically raised to an ear on instinct and she quickly pulled it away, wincing at a bruise that was there—one of his marks. Her ears burned even more. "Late again, Miss MacDougal…?" Her steps faltered at Snape's voice echoing the classroom. She was the last one to file inside and she froze, not knowing what to do for a second. She didn't know how to respond and she gaped like a fish before he spoke again. "Let's hope this doesn't happen a third time…?" He spun around, dark robe flowing to follow him to his desk. Isobel's head dipped and she rushed to the her seat beside Pansy Parkinson and in a clumsy fit of rummaging in her bag, a few things spilled out on the table. Her seat was at the front of the class and had been one against her decision, assigned by Professor Snape himself and was something she just couldn't understand why . The Slytherin girl stares at Isobel from the corner of her eye as the other grabs for her parchment and quill. Isobel breaths a sigh when she takes her seat just as Snape finishes prepping for class. Pansy shows a sly grin as Isobel rushed to writes down what was necessary before class, brows knitted in concentration. She knew that it was a matter of time until the Slytherin girl opened