DISCLAIMER; HP belongs to JKR. The story line and all new characters, new character development, new developments are my intellectual property All written, a new Fic a mostly Lumione Romance. Surprise, Ron is a good guy. It is definitely for more mature readers. A ultra shy Lucius who has a love secret, a witch looking for a life partner, and family secrets everywhere. A ride into unexpected waters. It is definitely for more mature readers. A ride into unexpected waters. I'll continue judging by the response. Marriage Broker - The Beggining of the New Dawn They called it the "New Dawn," though not everyone was happy. Some saw it as a bad thing, fearing the well deserved retribution for their transgressions. Yet many others thought the natural order of things had been restored. Many were even nostalgic for the years following the last great war, and wished that well enough would had been left alone, particularly, those who had lined their pockets with war reparation funds… And many others were happy to see the end of corruption, and how a new era of wealth, riches for all those who tried to conform to the winds of change, and a period of mostly tolerance, was upon them. Strange how people's attitudes change, morphing former monsters into ruling princes by the power of love. Most agreed that it was bound to happen, just not like it had. The truth is that it had come as a surprise to just about everyone. Even stranger how old heritages were being discovered. Seven Years after the last Battle The Single Witch The war had ended leaving vast destruction on its wake. Many had been left alone, and there widowers and hundreds of orphans all over the place. A year later, a band of renegade Death Eaters went on a murderous rampage and targeted those they thought traitors, and one of their first victims was Narcissa Malfoy. Draco was injured severely during the same attack, and, as a result, was left impotent. The later hardly mattered to him since he had already decided to join a mystics sect who lived in a secret location, rumored to be inside a pocket in space. The point was that he left Lucius alone and in great sorrow, granted they could visit once in a while. Enterprising marriage brokers were collecting high fees to find partners for all those left without spouses. One of them, Lydia, was close friends with Hermione. Lydia, a Ravenclaw, from the class one year behind, had met her at the uni where they had been roommates. After being hurt by giving her heart and her body to her careless first love, Hermione bounced back and had a glorious start with Ron, hot passion and tender love healed her aching heart. Alas, something changed suddenly, and what burned so bright turned into a lukewarm relationship, and she knew that he wasn't for her. She wanted more than looks, she wanted more passion, and also sought someone who 'had some brains.' Hermione introduced Lydia to Ron, hoping that he would like her. Lydia, a rich heiress, was a hit with Ron. They married six months later, and now, Lydia was pregnant the second time in three years. At 25, Hermione had dated and had a few boyfriends, but the elusive someone was no where to be found. True, that either her first lover and later Charlie Weasley, could had been the one. Too bad that Charlie had also hurt her, and she had promptly given him up. After him, she'd realized that she preferred older men/wizards, but many came with a lot of baggage, ex-wives, children nearly her age, or wanted a traditional wife. She wanted more and was set financially, enabling her to be choosy. Her grandparents, not known to her, had left her a large inheritance, and she had a flourishing business as a consultant conducting research, she was an expert in finding old spells, charms, historical data, it was an gift, one of many. She had many clients and after two years partnered with Bill Weasley. It was a perfect match, he was a curse breaker and between both of them had a 99% success rate. He and Hermione, together would find the roots and solutions, and he'd get rid of the curse. They also went to many wealthy homes, to check found items in order to determine if they were safe. Soon they had clients all over the globe, and Charlie Weasley and his business associate came to work with them as partners, specializing in known and unknown magical beasts, and other equally obscure beings that were sometimes sighted or their young found; rich clients wanted either more information for whatever reasons, or how to care for the foundlings. Bill was more than happy, he was now rich beyond his expectations, and proud that between the Weasley children were able to care for their parents. The Burrow was now a large home for war orphans, Molly's idea. After losing Fred she'd sought for a way to forget and had helped with the effort; the MoM gave her a stipend, but it wasn't much; and sometimes it was either delayed or just didn't come. Whereas donations started coming, her sons were basically funding the effort; and everyone pitched in, to include Hermione. Her life was full but longed for more, she thought she was ready to commit, but, "Lydia forget it, I'm not that desperate, the two times you tried were a disaster." They laughed together, a disaster indeed. One was a thirty something wizard from the continent. He came from an old family and was perfect in almost every sense, except that he told her in no uncertain terms, "The witches in my family have never worked and never will. Furthermore, I expect you would go with me everywhere and I travel a lot, and I would want you in my bed everyday. At home, we will need to entertain my clients and friends regularly. I don't want children for five or six years, and so on." Hermione heard him, he wanted a lover-social hostess, with no mind of her own. Well, it could have been doable with some work, but the last did it, "I don't believe in separate vaults, in my country the husband controls all the family assets, we wizards are better… " Hermione stopped listening, declined his marriage offer and ran. The second was more of the same, only difference was that he was a local. they wanted her name, her fame, and to control her, and that wasn't for her. Besides that neither had great skills in the bedroom department, albeit they both thought otherwise, hence their unwillingness to change, maybe that was the bigger issue. Ah, Charlie was too perfect in the last department and taught her much about it; but he was so good that he wanted to spread his expertise around. Stop it, enjoy your visit, don't think about him, not now, not ever, she admonished herself. Stop ruminating and enjoy today. The Broker Yes, enjoy the day; she was drinking tea with Lydia and holding her name sake, a chubby ginger hair beauty, Hermione Harriet Weasley. The name was a great source of fun for Hermione and Harry, the also slippery single; Ron had wanted to please them both. "Poor baby saddled with such names," Lydia would laugh. Lydia's secretary came in, "Mrs. Weasley, your 16:00 appointment is one hour early, he is wondering if you could accommodate him, he has an urgent appointment, something to do with his son and having to send him a package, a last minute thing." "Ah, well, hmm," she looked at Hermione with a familiar 'evil' gleam, and Hermione bristled, "Erase that look pronto, no, no, and no way; match away somewhere else." "I don't know, it would be interesting at the very least. The wizard is, are you ready? Lucius Malfoy." Hermione laughed, "Sure and pigs will fly. Why should the prettiest and the darkest, may I add, need to avail himself to your services?" She noticed that Lydia hadn't cracked a smile and decided to go on. "I have been to balls where he was the belle of the ball. It is always the same, I've witnessed every blond beauty breathing hard and heavy when they looked at him. The witches, young, younger and older, rich and richer threw theirselves at his feet, and he didn't give anyone a second look. Andromeda says that he is a cold fish." Hermione noticed that Lydia just looked at her as if she were rambling. "And I am going to tell you something that she told me in semi-confidence. It was her sister's confession; Narcissa had never seen a naked wizard. No, not when they were young, Andromeda said it was a few months before she died, so she showed her some of Tonks left over Muggle magazines." She giggled naughtily. Lydia still hadn't cracked a smile, "Miss Brightest Witch and master sleuth, hadn't it occurred to you that he is just shy? Okay, he is dark, dangerous, but extremely yummy as well. Maybe he is 'the' great challenge; just imagine making him see the error of his ways. You like challenges, don't you?" Her smile was plain scary. The idea, however, had its appeal. She worked with many former Death Eaters, and she knew that Lucius had regretted his involvement with the Dark Lord. She thought for a minute or so, and the idea grew on her, "I will come in…just to talk and meet him, hmm, just don't push me." She looked stern. The idea of a shy, repressed Lucius was novel, hence she went with Lydia into the elegant room where she met with her clients. Lucius sat on a single chair, straight as an arrow, with a tall glass of what? A dark bubbly drink, a cola? The hater of all Muggle drinking cola with cubs of ice and a slice of lime, nah? Or? After introductions when Lucius barely looked at her they sat, and she sat across him. She wore a short suede skirt, a cashmere fitted top, boots over dark tights, and an open witch's robe. It was cold outside, and her clothing reflected her style, seasonal clothing making a few Wizarding world 's concessions; namely: a mix of modern Muggle and Wizarding traditional garments. "Mr. Malfoy, I hope the cola I bought is to your liking?" Lydia asked solicitous. She made sure to study all her clients' dossiers and be ready to accommodate them. "Thanks, it is perfect. It is sugarless, right?" Hermione couldn't believe her ears. She must have made a strange face because he commented, dryly, "Does it surprise you that I like Muggle food? Why not? I never said I didn't, besides my views have vastly changed, Muggle products can be surprisingly pleasant," while he looked at her quizzically...and grinned, transforming his face. He looked a little mischievous. Hermione had never seen him smiling, darn, phew, he was truly the prettiest, well Draco as well, though he seemed a little sweaty, maybe too many clothes; he did wear heavy robes. The rest was history, Lucius was indeed painfully shy around witches, and he turned into a challenge. He had changed some, but how much? It was hard to tell. His business acumen was amazing, but he was tongue tied when it came to talking other than business. He'd actually asked Lydia, not her, "Is Miss Granger here as your friend, or, ahem, to introduce us as well…" He had blushed, a faint pink tinge, how odd. Is Mr. Evil blushing? Or is it an allergic reaction to the sweetener, hard to tell; he, he, perhaps he is truly warm. Yup, that must be it. Hermione cut in, "Yes, she asked me if I would meet you, so here I am." Lydia smiled like a feline who had just eaten a bowl of fresh tuna. They both signed a