DISCLAIMER; HP belongs to JKR. The story line and all new characters, new develoment are my intellectual property A partially developed story, probably easy to finish, in a few chapters, I will judge the interest and decide. I will be publishing a few more, partially done, and I will do one of them. If you like this, let me hear from you, and a short sentence why you like it. I.E. I like Lucius- Hermione ship. Or, I like Hermione. Or the idea seems good. Or I would like if Draco…you get the idea. This is a ff featuring, LM Hermione Granger DM and APucey. Not necessarily a triad or poly-amore. I haven't decided. Only that Lucius is a main player. The Perfect Job Getting her dream Job Many applicants would have given up by now, but not her. She needed this job, it was perfectly suited for her, to be able to research the origins of magic, and why Muggles would have sporadic shows of the same. "I will speak to my father," her lover had suggested, but she had turned him down. "No, but thanks, I have to do it on my own." He yawned bored. He wanted to have sex, and she was damn hot. He hadn't come to listen to her whining about her career. Hadn't he told her, time and time again, that his wife wouldn't work. There would be plenty for her to do; namely, keeping him happy, working on keeping her body as it was today, in top condition for his pleasure. In his family there were no mistresses, too dangerous to have children out wedlock. The day he married the temporary sterility would be removed. She would need to buy sweet nothings to keep his interest going. The time to be smart and competitive had passed, when they were teenagers, and later at the University where they had fallen in love. Well, and where he had stolen her from two bodyguards, and taken her from under his best friend. No, she didn't need to work; that would breed independence, and would put her in the middle of the sea of hungry sharks. He didn't need that headache. Oh, bother, for his intellectual stimuli, he had his friends, and the Wizard only clubs. But until he had not actually married the most sought after witch in the entire Wizarding world, No. 1 pick for three years in the row, it was best to be in his best behavior and keep up the pretense. He couldn't even let Pucey see his true face because he was her marriage broker, and he wanted her as well. It was not only the number one status, who would had thought she hid that body under the baggy clothes she wore and the Gryffindor robe. She had such a great body, not to mention her tight snatch, and beside her blood taint, and her wild hair, now quite tamed and rather sexy, she was as good as they came and made the most suitable bride for Draco Malfoy. After all, he had the best of all, hence her attraction. She would always be an eye catching accessory, and stay beautiful as her mother and grandmother, beauties on their age group. And she would produce a most magical and suitable heir, besides of her natural talents in bed. She was his, her future had Malfoy written all over. Enough for, "Oh love, where is you mouth, oh Merlin," his bollocks were inside her mouth, and thinking became a concept. The next Day "Yes father, she told me I couldn't speak for her, but frankly it is interfering on my sex life, and time we could be spending more pleasurably, they are wasted in her whines about her wanting to work. Preposterous don't you think? When have you ever heard of Malfoy bride working?" The Malfoy heir sat on one of the couches in his father's study; he petted Magnolia, his father's favorite Kneazle and drank a glass of wine. Lucius loved Draco but his laissez-fair attitude of a spoiled heir, frankly annoyed him. First his fit about pursuing after the mudb—Muggleborn, just because she was in the international press, and now this, sometimes he wondered if Narcissa had fooled him. He had never done a paternity test because it frankly scared him, his friend Severus used to laugh. Lucius fixed his eyes on Draco, "In that you are not even close to right, we have your great-aunt Ursas, who founded the Center for the Study of Alchemy, the very center which made us the richest Wizarding family in the western society, who produced all the gold that sits in our vaults. Unfortunately, her secret went with her, when she was kidnapped and murdered. The secret is still somewhere, and I intend to find it. Then there is your Grandmother Artemisia, who designed the cold stasis box to maintain foodstuffs fresh for up to three years and up to nine with modifications. What has made us the only family with food resources to survive a world famine, and then—." "I get the message, father, stop it, enough. There were some, and I don't remember your grandmother, they were probably dried up prunes, self-righteous and ugly as sin." Draco tried again. "Accio Malfoy Family Annals, XVII-XIX, scrolls 11a – scrolls 15 abc. Lucius commanded, and floating hand with a white glove brought the scrolls while the Scottish Wolf hounds, Negus and Nero barked at the hand. Here is Ursas, your great-Aunt Ursa.." He pointed to the moving pictures. And he smirked looking at his silly heir. "Wow," Draco was speechless, she reminded him of Hermione, and her naughty-librarian look, the one that made him fall in sex with her. She wore her hair in a bun, with fly away hair, a small pair of gold spectacles, on the tip of her button nose, her round hips, small waist and pert breasts, all enhanced by a tight pencil skirt. And, "Wow," when looking at his great grand mother as well, they reminded him of fantasies of naughty, wicked librarians. "Ursas is almost a dead ringer for Hermione, " Draco observed. Lucius agreed, but didn't answer, she had married Malfoy, and was a Pureblood, it was worth a second look, might help his theories. She was a L'Orc, he thought. He made a mental note and moved right along. "Whatever, getting back to the matter we were discussing. The point is that you are wrong, I am somewhat disappointed, and consider your comments beneath you. It must be your Black blood. Cissi, and, may she rest in peace, was beautiful, and a good wife, but brains," Lucius pointed at his head, "she lacked." He sighed, "It has been my most fervent hope that the Malfoy genes were predominant, however, you are making me doubtful. I would be remiss not to confess that Miss Granger's brain is the most appealing trait she possesses, next to her magic, I have not noticed the other assets." He lied about this, but , what else can I say, one has to keep family peace . He challenged his now red-faced son, "Father, ah, I was going by what I perceived were your standards for witches, I will shed such convictions." Draco still wanted the witch for himself, and didn't want to let her outshine him. He was the Wizard, and it was his job to be the smart one in the family. "Tell Miss Granger, she has the job. No Muggle attire to work, she must sleep here during work days. In her own suite, and not with you, she needs to be ready in the morning. " Three months later She had worked for Lucius Malfoy for the last three months. At the beginning, it hadn't been a good working relationship. She refused to move into the Manor and that was the first fight; they locked horns daily; and they engaged in interminable arguments, which invariably led to veiled insults. As a result, she had regretted her decision every other day and had presented her resignation five times already. As of recent days they had come to a suitable rhythm, a fairly peaceful work place. Nevertheless, Lucius was a difficult Wizard to work for, and the possibility of explosive conflicts was always a hop and skip away. "Sir, I need to leave early today. I have a dinner date at my boyfriend's home, and it will take me a while to get ready ." Hermione stood beside his desk. Her eyes lowered to look at a non-existing hangnail, hardly likely. These days the manicure-witch came every other day, and took care of their hands and their feet twice a week, they were all perks of the job. "If you had been living here, this wouldn't be an issue. Ok, I see your face, no need to re-visit that subject. Why don't you get ready here. After all Draco lives here, and you won't have to go and come back. We can send one of the elves to pick up your things. That way we don't have to interrupt our work. We are really making headway." He wasn't sure why thinking of her especially dressing for Draco irked him. He thought it might have to do with taking time away from their work. Yeah sure, his inner something mumbled, keep lying to yourself, you are very good at that . She stood ground, "Sir, I don't think it would be a good idea. As so you know, I like my independence and mixing my job and personal life sends the wrong message—." Lucius had raised his hand for her to stop, "I don't get it, a wrong message to whom? As far as I can see, you work her for me, not at any of the Malfoy Industries buildings." She shrugged her shoulders, "A wrong message to me and to you; let alone to Draco, who would be wondering why I cannot take the time to get ready for him. You know, he demands it, soaking in the tub, to have my body soft and ready…" she wasn't even thinking what she was saying, too flustered while arguing with him. His mind was spacing out with her information, an unbidden picture of the young witch in the tub, for pity's sake, she needed to cut him some slack. He wasn't a monk, not really. Yes really, if not answer, w hen was your last shag? Hmm, over three years ago. "You know the beauty rituals, he expects of me. It would bring strife, as it is, he doesn't want me to work, not even for you." Now she appeared distraught. L'roy the Hades owl, perched closer to the young mistress and hooted softly in commiseration. Negus feeling her sadness, moved a little closer and put his massive head on her shoe. Lucius stood up from his desk and went to get a heavy glass to pour a shot of Fire-whiskey, with a sprinkle of carbonated spring water. He was angry; he just didn't like the way Draco treated the petite witch. He had made this observation to his son, time and time again. He wasn't sure where Draco had learned to treat witches this way. His dead wife was the root of the problem. He could remember a conversation she had with Draco. "Son, I am not unhappy with my life. It is a wife's job to make her husband happy. To do whatever I need to do, to stay beautiful and sexy, yes, I said sexy. Malfoy men cannot stray so they annul their marriages, if the witch doesn't stay sexy." She stopped to fix a stray hair and to freshen up her lipstick, to make her point. "And, of course, a wife needs education to hold a discussion with her husband, and to make interesting remarks during parties and social functions. Lastly, she needs to produce at least one male heir, if not more, and