Disclaimer: All, the HP world belongs to JKR. I thank her. I make no money out of this writings. To the readers: I read about Hagrid, and could not figure out the mechanics to have a child when she was 21' tall, and he was less than a third her size, I made drawings to scale, and let me assure you, it is far fetched, maybe a lack of understanding of math and geometry. It was published before but wasn't liked so I took it down. I am leaving it up, it talks about our need to be loved, for our mother to love us. So here it goes. It is a one shot. It is about the bad choices we make because we listened to mean advice. This one is dedicated to those who like a story who ends well; even if it is not the end we seek. To those whose hearts have been broken by parents who make errors, Hagrid is the son of a 21 feet tall giantess and Mr. Hagrid a wizard. Fridwulfa, abandons her husband and him, because he is too short. Bigotry at is worst, bigotry over height. Crossed star lovers, and a sad half –giant abandoned by his mother, Love forgives is the moral, and the love of a mother never dies. Hogwarts One day, Hermione found Hagrid by his hut crying. She was pregnant with her first baby, and had told Harry she wanted to share the happy news with Minerva, Hagrid and the entire bunch. Hagrid wiped his tears, and asked, "Arry must be verry happy. I often wonder, if m' mum was happy when I came along." "I am sure she was, all mothers love their children." Hermione patted his large hand, her heart breaking over Hagrid's tears. A few tears roll down her cheeks, his sadness touched her soul. "She didn't love me. She left's because I was too short. It killed me poor old pa." Hagrid told her, while he let Camellia licked his large face with glee. "Hey girlie, do ya want to see your pa? Fluffy! " Hagrid called and around the corner came Fluffy, who wagged his tail when he saw Camellia. She did not like Fluffy, he had dog breath. She climbed higher on Hagrid's shoulder and growled, making Hermione and Hagrid laugh, while they walked towards the castle. Poor Fluffy, he followed them whining, but Camellia wouldn't budge; she just couldn't stand his bad hygiene. Later that night, Hermione asked Harry if he knew Hagrid's story, and he said he knew parts. Later that night, he held her in her arms, feeling so lucky that after all their struggles and their nasty encounter with the spider people, their child was really in her womb; the spiders hadn't lie. He lowered his head and kissed their baby, and as it often happened, they ended up making love with their usual passion. Later that night, while Hermione was basking in the cocoon of Harry's love, she prayed silently for Hagrid , that he would find some closure. What a sad story, yet, she hoped for a good ending, if that were possible. Tomorrow, she would find out where was his mother and was she alive? And see what could be done. "Love," Harry held her closer to him, "tomorrow is a work day, but if you are awake, why waste the chance?" She kissed him, yes, why waste the chance. Gods she loved him. Next day she started her research, and Portkey to Edinburg to check the many articles, written about their war hero Professor Rubeus Hagrid. She found a surprisingly large number of articles about him. This is what fame does, your life becomes the focus of many. At the end of her research, she wrote her own version to let Harry read it. Hagrid's story-1924 Edinburgh- Mr. Hagrid was not a handsome wizard. He was right down, ehem, not attractive, but he had a kind, loving heart. He worked for the Ministry of Magic, in the Edinburgh office, and at the age of twenty two, all he wanted was a home and a loving wife. He was an orphan since he was little, when both of his parents had died. His father fought in a muggle conflict and was killed in 1904. One year later, his mother, a house helper for a rich muggle family, died of a broken heart. An orphanage ran by former Hogwarts students was the home for Eugene R. Hagrid, and he grew into a thin, very tall wizard, with only one wish in his heart, to be loved. Fridwulfa, the giantess, wanted to experience life and loving outside of the giant world. She found giants rude and overbearing, a case of the pot calling the kettle black. First thing to keep in mind, is that larger faces often appear less attractive to human eyes. The same was true for giants, they also found the larger faces less attractive, and the smaller quite handsome; however, they disliked shorter beings. It was a complex case of fatal attraction, fatal because of those who would suffer as collateral damage. She had seen pictures of wizards, and she found herself in love with their faces. She was not the only one, giants were in love with both human and magic females, and they found them way too desirable, for the occasional shag. Of course the truth was that most everyone considered taller beings superior in every sense. She was a beauty by giant standards , and that was not saying much, it meant that she did not have facial hair except for the wide eyebrows, and thick eyelashes. Her teeth were acceptable, neither nubs nor fangs. She had a decent body, large boobs, a waist, and large hips, and again, was fairly hairless. Her feet and hands were proportional to her size. She had two eyes, also a feat in a world where up to four eyes, while not attractive, were not uncommon. In other worlds, she was a real giantess babe. Her shiny, thick, long hair was beautiful by anyone's standards. She was also a powerful witch, duh, and had overhead her brothers bragging about their conquests in the human, wizarding world. She was amazed to know, that her dear brothers, the professed human haters, were not better than her. They were also uncommonly handsome amongst their people; and the truth, unknown to our girl, that when reduced to human size, they were lady killers. Hmm, could this be in her future as well? One of them had forever defected and lived in Argentina.. He had made a deal with some wizard, who irreversibly shrunk him to human size, close enough, a third of his size which came to be a little over 7' and 2". He was gone from the house before she was born. Giants lived twice as long as wizards, around 300 or so years, and he had been gone over thirty years when she arrived. He was giant non-grata at his home. I also forgot to mention she came from a very wealthy family of bigots, where height was a must. Her brother's children were warriors and powerful wizards and witches, and the rumours were, that her brother loved his wife to madness and was very rich. One of her brothers had shown her pictures of the family, and she found the children beautiful…but way too small. Two of her six brothers defected by the time she was of marriageable age. They both wanted what their bother had and found giantess, way too ugly. In their reasoning, they were still giants amongst the humans, and so would be their children, strangely how they all chose petite wives. And the three brothers lived happy lives, by choice. Her parents worried over the familiar trend, had arranged a terrible marriage for her; she was to be wed to a troll of a giant. He sprouted hair out his nose, ears, and long silver hairs covered his face, legs, torso, fingers, just everywhere hair could. He'd appeared to be closely related to the Yeti, the snow man from the Himalayas. She thought they might be closely related. It did not matter that her parents told her he was a king amongst his people, and was a powerful magician. The day before she was going to be sent to Tibet, hint, hint; when she found out his last name to be Yetimann, terror strucked her giant heart, and she decided that It was time to run. She had memorized the spells to make herself a little less than a third of her size, around 6' 8''. She could hold the spell for as long as she wished. Hopefully for the rest of her life, little did she know about herself, the fact was that she loved being a giantess, and she was on her way to destroy three lives; her husband's to be, her future child's and her very own. It would have been better if she had married the king of the Yeti men. She would have lived in the lap of luxury, adored by her husband and surrounded with children who resembled her. She was not cut out the same cloth like her brothers who had tried both giantess and humans, and made an informed choice. The first day as a human was at Edinburgh, that was a name of a city his brothers talked about, and where she Apparated. She had walked a few minutes and arrived to what appeared a drinking establishment. She read an announcement outside of a pub: "Needed, bar witch, she must have strong arms, big bosoms and a large bum. Weakling or shy witches need not to apply; pay to be determined, no bank holidays, must be able to work all weekends and every evening." Hmm, it must be fate, the job sounded easy enough. It was probably carrying mugs to and forth. Strong arms, sure, she could lift several cows, and much more in the palm of her hand. Well, she could before she'd made herself smaller, it could not be that that she was much weaker. Again, she was deceiving herself; this would be the theme of her life. By the way, she was indeed handsome, even by human standards. About the bosoms and bum, she was not quiet sure what they were, probably parts of her body. In respectable houses certain parts of the anatomy, anything under the robes, was never called a specific name. However, if they meant the front and back mounds, that must be it, they were male wizards, and males were all alike, there wasn't a problem there, she had been told they were fine. And so they were, when she had been reduced from 21 feet to a petite, delicate 6 foot 8 inches, her features had softened, and now she looked like an attractive Amazon, with a nice bosom and a large bum. As for her robes, they would affect the wizards inside, to a state close to a heart attack. While giants might not have names for their bits, her attire was not modest. The silk robes gave her modicum of cover, and salaciously clung to her form. That was the intent, at least for the unmarried folk, to advertise their wares in order to attract their mate. No undergarments either, why wear what you don't need; their metabolism adapted to the ambient temperature, and clothes were worn to cover bits, and protect them a little. For the females, the purpose was to be a bit less available, but easy to fondle by your perspective hopefuls. She went in, and the old pub owner, a wizard around 120 years old, gave her the job without being able to utter a complete sentence, more than a world here and there, "Mi, y, all, and so-so-so." She assumed he could not speak, and the job was hers, when he offered her an apron. He