DISCLAIMER: HP belongs to JKR. The story line and all new characters, new character development, new developments are my intellectual property. '〴- 〠WARNING, Warnung, Attention, Advertencia, Atenção: 〴To pen-bullies, negaters, flamers, self-appointed critics and anyone falling in that category : May each nasty negate or passive-aggressive comment come back straight to haunt you loaded with the same original destructive intent. Let's play together in the sandbox instead〠/\●/\ Note: Only parts of this story will conform to Canon. Lucius is a Death Eater but something will change. He will still be an aristocrat, arrogant, but a straight arrow, and a family man. The two versions will merge eventually. Chapter 1: The day Lucius met his mate Chapter 1 Lucius encounter. 1963-1964, Narcissa Black's summer love Somewhere in the south of France. The Blacks went to spend part of their summer holidays at the Lestrange's Summer Palace in France. Cygnus had ulterior motives, he wanted to obtain contracts for all his girls, hoping to get down payments on their brides' price. He urgently needed Galleons because he was nearly broke after a series of bad investments. To Cygnus his daughters were nothing more that his most valuable assets, nothing else. Nothing out the ordinary because he was neither loving nor a caring husband or father. During this visit, eight year old Narcissa was about to meet her first love; his name was Rodolphus Lestrange. The eight year old Rodolphus was tall, he had long auburn hair, and violet eyes. He took fencing and piano lessons, and was learning to ride. He spoke four languages, and his Latin was nearly perfect; he even wrote poetry, mostly in French. All the young witches liked him. Moreover, it didn't hurt his allure that he was always towing the chubby toddler Rabastan wherever he went. A fact which made the beautiful and studious young wizard, irresistible to witches of all ages. Bella told them one night that she had tried to kiss him; though she was unhappy, "He pushed me and all because that brat Rabastan cried after I smacked him. He had it coming for whining all the time. I don't care, it is okay by me; he will pay back later. I am going to marry Dolphus. Did you understand that my dear Cissy?" Cissy had cried all night and finally went to sleep after Andy came into her bed and hugged her. "It is okay, she is mean, so don't pay attention to her, he likes you best. Besides she doesn't like Rab, and Rodolphus won't like someone who doesn't care for his brother." Andy was very mature and nice. She was Cissy's favorite person on the entire world. Albeit she loved Bella as well, the older she got, the nastier she became; Bella was growing to be a dark, deadly beauty. Before they left, Dolphus gave Narcissa a small book of French poems. It was the one that she had fancied earlier when they went to a store located in the small village, near the country home. The leather bound volume was an illustrated antique with drawings of witch maidens in love. "It is but a small token of my appreciation, it is from Rab and I; our thanks for playing with him so much. Mademoiselle, we are both in your debt." And he had kissed her hand in a grown up gesture. Bella threw the book into the fire upon their return home. "Stay away from my wizard." She warned Cissy. Lucius Malfoy, 9 years old. Lucius Malfoy was nine and loved to accompany his father Abraxas Malfoy whenever he wanted to take him. However, today was an exception, and he wasn't happy about it. "Son, make sure you are nicely dressed. I want you to accompany me to Black Manor. Cygnus has three daughters, and I would like you to meet them." "Girls? Why? That sounds absolutely dreadful. Let's go to Rome, I want to see the Coliseum. And then can we go for porcini ravioli, fritto misto and gelato?" Lucius, already tall for his age, not yet interested in girls, but more in food, warriors, brooms, and the things boy wizards like at that age. "No, your mother is already there. She is having tea with Druella. Be down in fifteen minutes sharp by the main Floo. Ah, wash your hands, brush your teeth, and put a dash of cologne, yours not mine, and don't drown on it." His father concluded with a smirk. Abraxas was proud of his son. Lucius knew better than to complain, when his father ordered, he'd better obey. Only one part of the day was memorable and got him in big trouble. Narcissa was eight, and she was breathtaking. He had never thought of girls like that. Dogs, new brooms, quidditch, marzipan, Italian food, gelato, crisps, fish and chips, ice cream, biscuits, cakes, gateaux, croissants, battle gear, books, flying, horses, magical creatures, monsters, magic, curses , charms, ghosts, riding, fencing, mountains, skies, water sports, yes, check; yes to all of those; each of them were a double affirmative, but girls never. Cygnus Black had expressed his desire to have one of his daughters married to Lucius. Abraxas knew there was only one way that he could agree to it, and he thought that it might be too early to find out; it was possible that one would not be able to tell at such young age. He thought that at nine the interest could just not be detected, and that fact worried him to no end. It all really depended on Lucius. Nevertheless, he was also getting pressure from Tom. The Dark Lord wanted unions between his followers, and he needed at least to give it a try. It might work. Besides, Cygnus was clever, a marriage with Lucius, and his financial worries would be gone. "Lucius, son, here are the Black lovely sisters. From the oldest to the youngest here we have, Bellatrix, Andromeda, and Narcissa." His mother was talking to him from a far away place. "Bellatrix will be starting Hogwarts in a few days. Her beauty is already talked about it amongst the entire wizarding world." Lucius reserved and brooding attitude cleared as soon as he shook the young witches' hands. Well, not all the hands, he nearly recoiled once. Bellatrix approached him with a young tiger's stealth. Her body was starting to develop, and she was truly beautiful; but only superficially because her eyes were cold and calculating. Lucius didn't like her at all. Besides he'd already made his choice. Bellatrix, however, didn't know how to take a hint, even after he courteously shook her hand, she turned her hand around and laid it onto his palm. She was waiting for a kiss. Lucius knew exactly what she wanted, he had seen his father and other grownups kiss the ladies' hands, and he had learned it during manners' classes. He, however, left her with her hand up on the air and moved on to Andromeda. He overtly wiped his hand on his trousers, as he walked towards the next sister and stuck out his lips in disgust. His mother introduced them, and he smiled briefly; he liked Andromeda. She had a beautiful smile, and he held her hand a little too long. She was a nice person, and her hands were friendly and warm. He turned her hand, and with a light curtsy kissed the air above her palm. He couldn't complete the gesture, but the only ones who noticed were his father and, of course, Andy. "A real pleasure to meet you, Miss Andromeda, I hope to talk to you in the future, very pleased to make you acquaintance, your humble servant, Master Malfoy." Andromeda and Narcissa broke out in giggles but not for long. Then without waiting for a prompt, with alacrity and a graceful move, Lucius was in front of the youngest Black witch. He didn't say anything and instead kept his eyes on the target, the girl, his witch. He didn't shake her hand, just held it, and gave it a loud smooch with open lips; actually, he licked her, rather gauche. She angrily pulled her hand and pushed him away; and immediately, she dried her hand on her robe. "Slob, yuck, you wet my hand, I think you licked me, you are very rude, yuck." Lucius let out a chuckle. He had heard his father laughing like that whenever he wanted to irritate someone; he shrugged his shoulders and went to stand by his dad. His father saw this interaction, he sighed, children's normal reactions nothing special. Perhaps, it wasn't what he'd expected to see, maybe a little disappointing. Then he resigned himself, it had not been bad. He was quasi-satisfied with the outcome; the last thing he had wanted was to break a contract later on; so he decided that the young daughter was the one, and he hoped to be right. Too bad, he would have preferred Andromeda better; she had a quiet, gentle beauty and seemed very bright. Of course that he was aware of the powerful magic in the older girl but did not like her for Lucius, she was disquieting. One out of three is not bad, thought Abraxas. Lucius' blatantly rude comportment must have been an indication of his attraction for the younger Black. Meanwhile, Lucius mind was confused. He couldn't figure out how a girl could elicit such strong emotions from him. He wanted to be her best friend, her only friend. Perhaps, his parents would make it possible to take her home and never let her out of his sight? That would work out perfect. He had read about brides being raised by the in-laws, thus he would ask his parents to bring her to live with them. After all, his father had wanted him to meet them, and he was sure this was all about a marriage contract. Why not start early? Although, he was not sure what you could do with a girl around all the time? She could go shopping with Mother, leaving him free to do something fun. It was all set on his mind; he would ask his father before they left so she could pack a few clothes. A strange thought occurred to him, namely, 'I want to cut a lock of her long hair, and maybe a piece of her robe. She smells just delicious; and...I want to taste her blood .' The thought of blood did not disgust him; not at all, he had tasted his own, it was a little different, but not bad. He had been reading about Dracula, a Muggle book in his father's library, and the bad monster scared him. It wasn't bad, nah, he loved being scared. He had read young boys were like that, nothing out the ordinary. He was a young Wizard, and he was just nine. The blood drinking was interesting, but I am becoming a vampire? That isn't too good. As soon as he was able, he decided to pull Narcissa into a dark corner. He knew that it would require great stealth and a bit of cunning. Not a problem, he had read a lot and was ready. The parents had let the four young people alone without a chaperone at the converted nursery. The room was now furnished with couches, chairs, a piano, books, and other amenities for the now growing young women; a place to study and entertain their friends. One of the house-elves came around every ten minutes or so. Narcissa shared a couch with Andromeda. They sat in separate corners; Andromeda read, while Narcissa drew on a sketch pad; she often lifted her head looking at her sister. Yes, she was probably sketching her. Bella was reclined on a divan, belly down, elbows bent, feet up in the air, and chin resting on her hands. Her dark locks covered her back, her eyes fixed on Lucius. She reminded him of Papillon, his father's Kneazle whose