DISCLAIMER; HP belongs to JKR. The story line and all new characters, new character development, new developments are my intellectual property. A tragic-comedy +a little romance+a dog+ Camellia: the sometimes 3 headed wonder pooch. As a guest star. A/N This story will contain anti Weasley sentiment, or a cast of Weasley reprobates :) But also some nice Weasley. This chapter is Mature although the others migh not be. Not sure if it will be all published, it is all written though. I previously published it but it was deleted by a hacker before it was finished, this version is highly modified. Don't cry for me Hermione. She was immersed in planning the trip to America, what fun, just the two of them. She was just sure this was the time when Harry's glasses would be clean enough to see the witch in front of him, and he would not be under the 'influence' so to speak. Pansy, bless her heart, took her shopping in their attempt to give a not so gentle push to the Boy-who-lived-on denial; or as Pans would say: The-boy-who-lived-under-Molly's-Apron. "Hermione, why don't you save all the money and effort? Just go and 'stumble' into Harry's room, in the middle of the night; 'al fresco,' yeah, sleepwalking, anyway you are a certified sleepwalker, and then jump in his arms. He won't know what hit him." Pansy suggested as Hermione tried a little black number. The dress was made out of jersey with a bit of Lycra and wool, the jersey was scrunched and re-structured with all over stitching, a thing of art. The black beauty hugged her body like a second skin. The low cut cowl at the front nicely displayed a promise of delectable breasts. It was backless, almost, thin leather straps, adorned with real water pearls stained black and dark Austrian crystals, crisscrossed the back, that at the lowest point could not go down one more millimeter. "No knickers," both witches exclaimed at the same time and laughed. The sleeveless dress displayed her toned arms, and it hit to her mid thigh, along with the dress she would wear a totally transparent wrap, YAY. It would go perfect with the three inch short boots with the open toes and small mirrors. He was a one dead wizard. "So, have you comnsidered my idea? The one of finding yourself on his bed?" "Nah, he will throw a blanket on me and pretend he is blind without his glasses. I have tried, done it, and failed. He is the master of see-me-not when he wants it." The witches and the Muggle sales woman laughed. "Imagine, I am such a fool, I planned it all. I pretended that I had closed myself out the room when answering the phone out in the hallway. Of course, I would say that I had forgotten the wan-I mean the key inside the room." Hermione continued talking, unaware of the smiling crowd gathering. "And there I was, freezing my bum off. I came in his room and started shaking him. Poor dear sleeping prat, a charitable thought briefly crossed my mind. But I was already thinking, oh God, I will be inside his bed, tonight." Please Harry I am freezing, can you get up? I know it is late, but I need help I am locked out my room." Finally the git wakes up ready to help, slides on his glasses, the light comes on, and his face looks at me tormented, and as if I were on fire, and somehow his glasses slide to the floor, convenient ah? "Why you are standing here like that, na.., "he croaked looking away and pointed at me, he had lost his glasses and his speech, that was clear. " Well, I said, I was getting just dressed when the Flo, I mean phone – never mind. I said and asked if he would help me. He pulled out the quilt off his bed, and threw it on top of me while looking the other way. Putting out the flammable material so to speak, once the vermin was trapped, me being the vermin on fire, he comes running and wraps me in it, as if I was a baby. I guess he had put the fire safely out. And then sits me on the bed, finds his glasses, and well you imagine the rest, that was it." She shrugged her shoulders looking deflated and then laughed. Everyone joined the laughter at the same time. They knew he was a git, who would resist the beautiful petite twenty something young woman who was now trying sexy nightgowns. "The poor boy, he must either be blind or maybe gay?" Some helpful woman offered her unwelcome advice. "Poor Ron, he loves you." Pansy said later while drinking tea at Hermione's and Harry's flat. She sounded a little bitter since Ron was her ideal wizard; he had cleaned up really nice. Pansy would help him buy his clothes, teach him how to be polite, but he remained clueless. Just wanted or though he wanted Hermione, and he stayed perpetually under the influence of the two Weasley witches. "Poor Ginny she has always wanted to be the wife of the BOY. Molly, my second mother, I do care for her, even though," Hermione sounded annoyed, "I know that I cannot live without her puddings, but could with her plans for my wedding, to Ron that is." Hermione's discouraged voice remarked, "What is the sense I am just wasting my time." The crime or SURPRISE Harry and Hermione had realized their mistake as they left the Burrow the night before traveling. Harry had convinced Hermione to stop by the Burrow to say goodbye. Ginny's histrionics and guilt-trips, combined with Molly's dire predictions of doom and disaster, failed to yield any results, however the damage was done, and the travelers had sealed their own fate. Yup, the fate was a done deal, she was about to waste her valuable time and her parents' money. They arrived at NYC, the Big Apple, and the first 58 hours or so, were wonderful minus some interludes. She could not believe they had made out Heathrow after the drama at the Burrow, Ginny clinging to Harry like he was going to the gallows, Molly drying her tears, forget that, don't go there. Hermione told herself. Her parents were footing the bill for this to be big fiasco; the Titanic's maiden voyage, so to speak, that was doomed to fail before it started. She should have gone for the 12 days Caribbean cruise with Pansy. The Grangers had given her money for the 5 star hotels, expenses, shopping money, and the other travel outside of the award portion of the trip. They also upgraded their airfare from business to First Class, Harry had been thrilled. She came from a low upper class old family, and being the only child the sky was the limit, they footed all her follies. That was the mildest thing she could say about this trip later on. The Weasley women were a force of nature to be reckoned with. This 'vacation' was multipurpose. They would pick up an award for the trio, for their role in ridding the world of a dangerous monster. The ceremonies would happen at the tail end of the adventure. Seven glorious days and eight nights together, and ALONE, her dream come true. Ron was playing a game in California and was unable to play catch-up, thank Merlin, until the day before the Private Award's Ceremony at the White House with their President, Bush was the name. The Britain's ambassador, Prime Minister, Kingsley, the Royal House's representative, and a few more wizards and Muggles would be attending. Her parents, the Weasley, shivers, and some of her closer friends would also be there. Their clothing, to be worn during the two days Galas and social events, mostly private, had been donated by several European designers, all magical of course. The award was also monetary; she was told each would receive the equivalent of 32,000 Galleons each, a vacation home, a muggle car, a yatch, and assorted sundries, all donated by the American Wizardry Community. This would be the second largest award they had received. They went out clubbing, the next day they arrived. They had been playing tourist nonstop, eaten, shopped and took naps. They comfortably held hands, or their waists, when walking, of course Hermione was getting ready to attack him and ravage him, just wait, she kept telling herself. In retrospective she shouldn't have waited. Around 10:30 PM, they had gone out with a couple of Ravenclaws, friends of Luna, Luna and some other yanks, all wizards, who preferred the Muggle clubbing scene. They were all studying magical moving pictures composition at an ivy league university's magical campus. Some progress had been done; the night was full of promise. Lots of slow music was being played, and Harry had eagerly joined the bumping and grinding. Hermione had worn the little black dress that by the way she had worn sans undergarments, with above the knee matching tights, silk stockings to mid-thigh with sexy visible lace, the short boots, a cashmere short coat, and a light shawl around her shoulders. It was a little chilly. She looked so hot, that Luna's strange roommate, a witch looking sort of green and yellow, kept hitting on her, and at least 20 other men, and some hot women, had asked her to dance. Her smoky make up glittered, the new hair style and highlights courtesy of an incredible wizard salon, and the dress combo, hot witch enhancers made wonder-boy super hard. He'd nearly swallow his tongue when they met at the sitting room in their suite to wait for Luna. He kept shifting uncomfortably in his chair, and could not take his eyes away from her. "Lovely dress, you look very hot, bound to break one or two hearts." This clinched her suspicions, that it wasn't his wallet but a suspicious large bulge he kept trying to hide behind his mid length overcoat. He had insisted on wearing it while they waited, never mind that the heating was uncomfortably balmy. The competition was adding encouragement for Harry to act. At one point, Hermione had gone to the 'ladies room,' an American term, and pulled off the tights, too warm to dance. Not really, but why miss chances for runaway fingers. The dancing went as expected after a few cosmopolitans, a long island ice tea, Harry ordered after too many hard drinks, thinking it was some sort of tea, and the rest was history. If not for Hermione's high body alcohol content the night could have ended in her favor. The one certain thing, was that Harry wanted her. Their bumping and grinding left no doubts in her mind. His hands got well acquainted with her breasts, her tights and the road in between. Following Pansy's directions, she practically sat on his lap all night, tables too small, they had to, somehow, sit six at a table for four. He pressed his sizable erection on the dance floor, taking advantage of the darkness of the club. Then they sat down, and he kept biting and kissing her neck, and her back. His fingers covered by the short shawl, found their way to Nirvana. The first time, thanks to the dark, she climaxed, not a mind blowing one, but a nice one. She kept pressing her bum against him, discretely, but she could hear his ragged breath, and felt his fingers trembling. She didn't want the night to end. At one point he moved her a little to the side, pulling his zipper open, brought her hand inside his pants. Feeling her grabby hot hand, he bit her shoulder hard to control his moans. He had gone commando, bad wizard, two were playing this game. She felt him dripping, and naughtily brought one of the fingers into her mouth, licked it, and whispered