Author's note: I hope you like my take of the Granger family reunion fic. Please review. I love to hear what others have to say about my attempts at writing fanfiction. Hermione Granger was a happy woman. She had a great job and a very sweet fiancé, even though sweet wasn't an adjective usually associated with him. Today she was having a great morning till she went through the mail she had received. She saw an invitation from her aunt Julia. It was that of their annual Granger family reunion. "Oh no!" Hermione thought. She really didn't want to go but she couldn't find a reason not to attend it this year. She hadn't been to the reunion since her fourth year. After that she had hardly come to her house during the vacation. It was either the Burrow or Grimmauld place. And later for a year she had been off with Harry, hunting for horcruxes and destroying Voldemort. When the war ended she had gone back to Hogwarts to finish her seventh year. Harry and Ron hadn't come back, nor had Ginny. Before she had returned for her seventh year, Ron had cheated on her with his 'Lav Lav'. That was how a very heart broken Hermione had come back for her final year. She was made head girl, and her then nemesis and current fiancé had been made head boy. She had tried to be cold and unfeeling towards him but he had changed and to her surprise hadn't even called her a 'mudblood' even once. Not to mention that he was handsome. So a classic love story had begun. Now her platinum blonde haired boyfriend had become her fiancé when he had proposed to her last month at Paris. She also had a successful career. Her N.E.W.T. results had got her a job in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement at the Ministry of Magic as successor of Amelia Bones who had retired soon after the war. Her fiancé's family was also unexpectedly accepting of her. Oops... Forgot to tell you. Her beloved fiancé was none other than the bouncing ferret, Draco Malfoy. When she saw the invite, she knew that her aunt was the host this time and she would spare no expense in making the reunion party lavish to show off her money and status. The venue of the weekend reunion this time was the Serpentine resort on the outskirts of London. A smile graced Hermione's face when she saw the venue. It was homeground for her. The hotel was one of the most prominent one's in the Malfoy chain of resorts all over the globe. This was one of the major investments made by the Malfoys in the muggle world apart from the recent venture that Draco had started on his own as a gift for Hermione's previous birthday. It was a chain of bookstores named 'Mia's world'. Hermione had been overjoyed at the thoughtful gift. Hermione was reluctant to go for the reunion. Why you may ask? After all everything was in her favour. But Hermione dreaded her cousins. Every single one of them insulted her. She felt insecure around them. She was never able to answer any of her aunts' or uncles' questions properly about her education or her role in defeating Voldemort. In the wizarding world, she might be the heroine and saviour, but around her aunt, uncles and cousins she was still the buck-toothed, bookworm girl with an odd name. The reunion also meant that she had to face her parents. Her parents hadn't exactly been accepting of the fact that she had modified their memories, when she had found them and changed it back after the war. They started to fear the magic she possessed, as they felt it gave her the power to do things which could harm them. So, a rift had been created between them and their daughter after they had said some particularly nasty things to her regarding the magic she possessed and the way she used it. As Hermione was thinking of all this, Lucius Malfoy entered the room, having just woken up. When he entered the room, he saw Hermione sitting on her favourite couch, lost in thought. The look on her face suggested that she was reliving some particularly nasty memories. Lucius knew that he should call Draco to comfort her, but he was curious to know what she was feeling so upset about. As he neared her he saw her holding an invitation card with 'Granger Family Reunion' written on it. Oh! So that's what it was all about. Hermione was lost in memories of her parents and her childhood, which wasn't the most encouraging for a budding young woman. "You should really stop thinking about it you know. Thinking about the past won't do you any good. Anyways, you really shouldn't be associating with your good-for-nothing family anymore. You are a Malfoy," said Lucius. "I am not a Malfoy yet, dad. I am not married to Draco yet. And anyways, how do you know that I was thinking about my family?" asked Hermione. "First of all dear, you are a Malfoy because you have all the qualities a Malfoy needs. Grace, elegance, wit and a sharp tongue. Also, you just called me 'dad'. And to answer your question, you are holding a family reunion invite in your hand, so obviously you are thinking about your family, even though they don't deserve to be called that." "Fine, you got me there," said Hermione with a trace of a smile on her face. She remembered the moment when she had decided that she would call Lucius, dad and Narcissa, mom. - Flashback - Hermione had just met with Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy. She was seeing them for the first time after the Battle of Hogwarts, where, much to the Light side's surprise, the Malfoys had switched sides and dueled against Death-eaters, even getting rid of some dangerous ones like Dolohov, Mulciber, Macnair and the Carrows. Even after the battle, the Malfoys had given all the inside information regarding Death-eater hideouts to the Ministry. Hermione had been apprehensive about meeting Lucius and Narcissa. She had opened up to Draco, and was pretty serious about her relationship with him but she didn't know how well she would be able to connect with his parents. But as soon as she met them Narcissa hugged her and said, "I've heard so much about you Hermione, and I'm so glad to meet you. You've made my son so happy. Consider yourself a part of the family." Hermione had not expected that but she politely replied, "Thank you so much Mrs. Malfoy. I'm glad to meet you too." "Oh, none of that dear. You must call me Narcissa. You are making me feel old by calling me Mrs. Malfoy," she said, laughing. Hermione was a little apprehensive. She was respectful of her elders, and always felt uncomfortable calling them by their first names. So, she said, "But, I usually don't address anyone who is elder to me by their first names…" "You can always address me as your mother and call Lucius your father," Narcissa replied, with a smile on her face, and a knowing look. Even Lucius, who was standing next to Narcissa nodded his head at that. At that moment, Hermione was really thankful to Draco's parents and replied with tears in her eyes, "Of course Mom." "Now tell me Hermione, why are you so upset about a reunion which you don't plan on going to?" Lucius asked settling himself on an armchair next to her. "Of course I don't want to go, but I won't find a closure to that part of my life if I refuse to face it for one last time. That is why I think about it as if it is still a part of me." "Fine, then you will just have to go to that measly little reunion party then." "Oh! Rest assured it won't be measly. It's happening at the Serpentine resort. The one we have just outside London." "Then all the more comfortable for you. I remember you working exceptionally hard to establish that resort with Narcissa." "But I am scared Dad. It's been 2 years since I saw my parents and almost 9 years since I saw the rest of my relatives. I am a 21 year old woman now. Ugh! I am just so confused! What should I do?" "Hermione, you are one of the most successful and confident women in both the wizarding and muggle world. Just go out there and show them that!" "Well if you say so…."Hermione said, deciding that if she went to the reunion, she would show everyone that she was not to be messed with. "Draco, you are free this weekend aren't you? We have a booking for the Serpentine resort. I thought you could do with a relaxing weekend. You have been working exceptionally hard over the past few months for the deal you wanted to get signed." Hermione wanted to find out if he had any plans of working during the weekend. Actually she wanted to know if he remembered that it was her birthday. He usually surprised her with some elaborate plans to spend the day, and somehow Hermione always found out about it beforehand itself. But this time she had no clue what Draco had in mind. She didn't know if he even remembered it. "Sorry Mia. Can we schedule it for another weekend? I have to go to Japan on an important business meeting. Actually, I'll be away for almost the entire week," Draco replied, without looking up from some office document he was working on. Hermione frowned at this, but she knew his work was important to him, so she didn't say anything. She quietly went back to checking the draft of a new legislative bill that had to go to the Wizengamot the next day. "Mom, why did you say we have to call Hermione Granger to this reunion? I mean, no one even wants to see her, let alone talk to her. Don't you remember? She is a buck-toothed bookworm freak. If I'm seen next to her, she'll wreck my vibe," Amelia, Hermione's cousin said. "Oh dear, do you think I wanted to invite her? Now that she is stranded from her parents, she must me really poor. I don't even think she will be able to afford a visit here. But she is family, and your Grandma said she wanted to see all her grandchildren. You know how fond she is of Hermione. If we don't call her she'll be upset. Even if she visits, you can always use this chance to rub it into her face that you and all of your cousins are in a relationship and have a well-paid job, which I'm sure she doesn't," Hermione's aunt Julia replied. Both of them were at the entrance of the resort waiting for Hermione to arrive. Dan and Emma, Hermione's parents, were also due to arrive at any moment. Just as they finished their conversation regarding Hermione, a sleek Volkswagen car stopped in front of them, and Dan and Emma Granger climbed out, both of them looking younger than they actually were and dressed impeccably. As they were greeting each other, they were stunned as a black Bugatti Veron sped past the Granger's car and was parked smoothly in the VIP parking space. They saw a valet rush past them and almost stumble over himself as he opened the door of the car. Julia, Amelia as well as the Grangers were now craning their neck to get a glimpse of the owner of this vehicle. A beautiful brunette, with sleek brown curls hanging over her shoulder climbed out from behind the wheel of the car. She was dressed in a blue halter neck top, black pants and 4-inch black stilettos. Her look screamed money. She took a hundred dollar note