Foreword: This is actually a sequel to my original Percy Jackson and the Paragons story, however you can read either story without needing to read the other. This story appears as Part 2 of my original fanfic, but I decided to give it its own story slot for several reasons. The foremost of which is that this story actually has a plot and wasn't made up as I went along. Now that that's taken care of, thanks for checking out my story. Enjoy! "So… did it show up yet?" asked Annabeth. "Well, not exactly," said Percy. Annabeth put her hand on Percy's shoulder. "Don't worry. They'll probably send it soon." "Easy for you to say, you got your acceptance letter a week after you applied." "It wasn't a week. Eight days. There's a lot of applications to go through, maybe yours just fell to the bottom of the pile." "There can't be that many demigods applying to New Rome University. Not unless super fertility is part of being a god." Annabeth shuddered. "Ugh, don't ever mention either of our parents and fertility ever again." "Yeah, that didn't even sound good in my head." "What time is it?" Annabeth asked. She and Percy lay on the hill overlooking Camp Half-Blood. "I think it's almost noon," yawned Percy. He started rolling up the picnic blanket while Annabeth grabbed the basket. "We'd better get going if we're going to make it on time." "Did you talk to the others?" Annabeth asked. "Frank's busy with Praetor stuff and Hazel is spending the day hanging out with Nico. How about you?" "Jason was busy but Leo and Piper should be able to come." With everything packed up they made their way down the hill. Percy glanced at Annabeth. "Last one to the Poseidon Cabin has to clean the pegasus stables." "Oh, you're so on," responded Annabeth. She took off down the hill followed closely by Percy. Percy sprinted down the hill catching up to Annabeth. He looked at her and winked. Annabeth just smiled and rolled her eyes. Percy looked ahead and stopped in his tracks as a volley of arrows landed in the targets just three feet in front of him. Annabeth sped past him, waving. Percy ran around the archery range trying to catch up to Annabeth. He took a shortcut through the forest. He dodged past trees as quickly as he could. He stumbled on a root, but quickly regained his balance. Percy ran to the edge of the forest. He ran around one of the trees and collided hard with someone on the other side. He fell to the ground. Percy picked himself up and dusted himself off. "Sorry," Percy said. "It's alright," said a tall dark-haired boy. "I should have been watching where I was going." "Hey, Ryan, right?" Percy asked. "Yup, that's me." Ryan was a newer kid at camp. He showed up about a month ago. He was always quiet and kept to himself most of the time. Typical new kid behavior. Percy never formally met him. All he knew about him was that he was sixteen, but was never claimed by his godly parent. Percy extended a hand to him. "I'm Percy." "I know," said Ryan. "You don't exactly keep a low profile around here." Percy smiled shyly. "Yeah, I tend to get myself in trouble a lot." "No kidding." There was a moment of awkward silence. "Okay, well nice meeting you," said Percy and he ran off to the Poseidon Cabin. He ran through the clearing searching for Annabeth but she was no where in sight. He burst through the door. Inside Annabeth sat on his bed. "What took you so long?" she asked. "I thought I'd let you win this time," said Percy. "If you lost every race you wouldn't want to do it anymore." Annabeth laughed. "I took the time to pack your stuff for you." "We're leaving already?" "Yeah, we've got a long trip ahead of us. We'll pick up Leo and Piper before we leave. Do you have the map?" Percy checked his pockets. "Uhh…" Annabeth rolled her eyes. "It's a good thing I bought an extra one." She pulled a large fold-out map from the suitcase. Percy sat on the bed next to her. "Good thinking." He gave her a kiss on the cheek. "I'll go get the car." The two picked up Leo and Piper outside the camp. "Shotgun," yelled Leo. He ran to the passenger door. Annabeth leapt in front of him. "Not this time, Valdez. Not unless you want to be the navigator." She waved a folded up map at him. "I think I'll leave that job to you, Chase," said Leo. He jumped in the seat behind Percy. Piper climbed into the seat behind Annabeth. "So who are these friends of yours again?" Piper asked. "Grant and Alice," said Annabeth. "They've been gracious enough to invite us to stay the weekend at their house in Maine." "Oh that's cool," said Leo. "Doesn't sound like a trap one bit." "They're friendly, don't worry," said Annabeth. "They know all about demigods and monsters." "Is it really safe to assume mortals with that knowledge are trustworthy?" Piper asked. Percy spoke up. "We've saved the world together before. We can trust them." "You'll see when you meet them. They're honestly some of the nicest people I know," said Annabeth. "If you say so," said Leo. "Just don't say I didn't warn you if they try to eat us." "Why would they eat us?" asked Annabeth. "I don't know what kind of weird stuff these people are into." "Get those gremlins out of the kitchen!" Alice shouted. She held a frying pan up in self defense. A two foot tall green scaly monster with huge ears and sharp teeth sat in the sink chewing on the soap. Grant held up two more gremlins. "Where did they even come from?" he asked. A pretty blonde girl dove over the dining room table to grab another gremlin. "Don't know, but when I find out someone's getting punched," she said. "Easy, Kate," said a boy standing in the doorway holding a bag that thrashed and growled. "We don't want to jump to conclusions just yet." "Harold's right," said Alice. "We don't have time to be arguing with each other. Percy and Annabeth will be here soon and we need to have this food done in time." "Ow, he bit me!" Kate yelled. She waved her hand around. "Stupid gremlins." "Harold, can you make the dinner while we keep the gremlins out?" asked Alice. "Absolutely." Harold took the frying pan while Alice carried the soap devouring gremlin into the living room. Grant and Kate carried their captured gremlins over to the trash bin and dropped them in. Kate quickly tied the end of the bag before the tiny monsters could escape. Grant slung the bag over his shoulder and the couple left in search of more gremlins. Harold started preheating the oven. "Could you get me the turkey from the fridge?" he asked seemingly to no one. "Sure," said Fiona. She floated, nearly transparent, next to Harold. The fridge door opened and the turkey breast levitated over to the counter. Harold was the only one who could see Fiona. She was the ghost of a girl whose spirit somehow bonded to Harold's. Ever since childhood they've been best friends. As Harold prepared the meal Fiona watched over his shoulder. "Whatcha making?" "Turkey." "What kind of turkey?" "Cooked turkey." "Haha, very funny," Fiona said sarcastically. Harold didn't even acknowledge her remark. "What's wrong?" she asked. "Wrong? Nothing. Nothing at all is wrong. Why would you even suggest that anything could possibly be wrong?" "If that was sarcasm I don't think you're doing it right." "It wasn't," said Harold bluntly. "Ooookay," said Fiona. "Things are getting a little too hostile for me. I'll just give you some space." Harold sighed. "Do you think we're doing the right thing?" "What do you mean?" Harold slid the turkey into the oven. "I mean this, all of this." "Could you be a little more vague please? I could almost make sense of that," said Fiona. "That was sarcasm by the way," she added. "I know what sarcasm is, I just… I don't know how to explain this to you." "Try using words, that usually works." Harold sat at the dining table. "How about I present to you a hypothetical scenario?" "Okay." Fiona floated so that the table intersected her midsection. "Shoot." "Say you grew up with someone who always brought you joy. When you and this person were together you thought you could accomplish anything." "I'm imagining it." "One day you woke up and realized that not only did you care for this person, but you truly loved them." "But they didn't love me back?" "Actually, imagine they felt the same. You and this person had been together for so long that the next logical step was to become a couple." "Aww, that's so cute." "Except, it doesn't last. After a while the person decides that they don't really love you. Now, your heart is broken because you still care for this person, but they don't reciprocate those feelings anymore. You reluctantly agree to break up regardless of your own feelings because you want that person to be happy." "This is starting to sound familiar." "And now you see that person has moved on from you, but you just can't get over her… I mean them." "So this is why you've been so distant lately?" "Yeah, I guess it is." Fiona gave Harold a hug. "Harold, you know that you'll always be my number one guy. You're the only one I can even talk to." She rustled his hair. "We haven't lost each other yet. You're still my best friend." She gave him a kiss on the cheek. Harold sighed again. "Thanks, that's just the kind of pep talk I needed." He gave his best fake smile. "There's the Harold I know," said Fiona cheerfully. "Now, when does that turkey get done?" Grant came running into the kitchen chasing a gremlin. The gremlin leapt for the sink, but Harold caught it mid air. He gently cradled it in his arms and handed it to Grant. Kate came running in with a trash can shaking from the several gremlins inside. Grant tossed the gremlin in and Kate slammed the lid on the trash can. "That's the last one," said Kate. "That we know of," said Grant. Alice came into the kitchen. "Phew, I think we caught them all before they could cause too much damage," she said. "It's a good thing they didn't chew on the electrical wiring, otherwise…" The lights flickered then went out. Alice blinked in the dark. "Okay, I may have a spell that can fix this. You two go change your clothes." "What's wrong with jeans?" Grant and Kate asked in unison. "I'm not meeting my friends for the first time in months in jeans. Now go." Grant and Kate trudged upstairs. Alice looked at the flickering light bulb above. "I hope they're running late," she muttered. "Are we going the right way?" asked Percy? "Yeah it says so on the map," said Annabeth. "Couldn't we just use a GPS or OnStar or something?" asked Leo. "Not unless you want to be attacked by monsters every five feet," said Piper. "At this point a little excitement would be great." "Wait is that the road?" Percy asked. "I think so," said Annabeth. Percy turned down the dirt path leading into the forest. They drove past shadowy trees that shook in the wind. As they delved deeper into the forest the trees began looking creepier and creepier. "Yup," said Leo, "definitely a trap." "This place is creepier than my dad's old mullet," said Piper. "We should be almost there," said Annabeth. "Just past these woods." As they progressed further into the forest the trees above blocked out any of the