This story takes place in the Halo universe. Don't worry, you don't need to be familiar with the lore, everything will be explained in the story. For the people from the lore. Annabeth is originally a late generation AI that was developed after studying Cortana. However, Annabeth Chase is unique among AIs. She was based on fully synthetic DNA while other AI's are fashioned from donor's brains. Like Cortana, Annabeth was assigned to the Spartan program. Her choice of companion fell on Spartan Perseus-118 and she has been his companion ever since. At the age of twenty Perseus was traveling on the corvette UNSC Abraham Lincoln in cryostasis. The ship went missing and was assumed to have been destroyed by the Covenant. Twenty years later the wreckage of the Abraham Lincoln was found by chance drifting in interstellar space by the UNSC Stallion. The Stallion sent out a distress signal and was joined by the UNSC Infinity only hours later. Spartan Sarah Palmer found Spartan-118's cryo pod in the Abram Lincoln's cargo bay and she recovered the pod with the help of fire team Majestic. On board, the UNSC Infinity technicians revived Perseus and quickly noticed that he wasn't logged in the Spartan Database. When the Infinity returned 118 to Fleet Command the mystery was solved and Perseus was officially added to the list of Spartan 2s. A few day later the AI Annabeth Chase chose him as her host. Perseus "Pilot set a course for these coordinates," Perseus ordered "Yes sir," the pilot replied and a moment later the Pelican turned on the new heading. Perseus opened a map on his HUD. The familiar voice rang out and once again he couldn't decide if the voice was coming from the helmets intercom or from inside his head. It was his AI, Annabeth Chase. "Twenty clicks Seaweed brain? The Covenant is preparing to glass the planet. Maybe we should get out of here, we've tested our luck enough over the last few days." The pet names were against regulations but no one could really do anything against them interacting. "There are three marines out there and I won't leave them behind Wise Girl," Perseus insisted. Once he had a good understanding of the terrane he would be working in he closed the map he checked the ammo indicator on his MH5D. He was pleased to find that it was still nearly full. Thirty rounds and he still had seven spare mags. "It's your call," Annabeth told him but he could sense her disapproval. I sighed and reached to the back of my head and pulled out the chip card and held it out on my palm in front of me. The Image of a shimmering, five inches tall transparent blue teenage girl with a combat knife strapped to her leg appeared hovering over his hand. The girl had long, curly blond hair, a graceful face with high cheek bones and was dressed casually, apart from the combat knife. She also had a half open school bag slung over her shoulder with books sticking out. Others had told him that Annabeth looked like a nerd, not that he knew any civilian children so just had to accept that claim. The holographic girl crossed her arms and gave him a stern look. "Do I have to explain the concept of the proper usage of military resources to you?" "This isn't a waist Wise Girl. It's a question of doing what is right. Now tell me what you know about our marines?" Annabeth blew a strand of hair out of her face. "Privates second class Piper McLean and Frank Zang and Private third class Hazel Levesque. It was Piper McLean who sent out the distress call. They belonged to Gamma Company and from what Private McLean reported they are the only survivors. "This is nearly a lone survivor scenario..." The holographic image gazed at me intently. "Spartan, an enemy AA position just popped up on our radar. I won't be able to get you closer. If you want I can find you an LZ close by." Annabeth rolled her eyes and gave Perseus the thumbs up and he inserted the small chip into a slot in the back of his helmet. "Pilot, there is a creek four hundred meters ahead. Hold position there, we will jump," Annabeth ordered. An Image of her face appeared in a window on the left side of Perseus's HUD. "Will do Ma'am. You too Spartan," the Pilot said. "Wise Girl, scan the com channels for any signs of our missing marines." "Of course Seaweed brain," the AI replied. "Okay, we are in position," the pilot announced and Perseus opened the aft loading ramp. Perseus stepped over the edge of the aft platform and dropped through the air. Thirty feet. When his feet hit made contact with the smooth pebbles of the river bed he rolled forward and came back up on one knee with his rifle at the ready in the middle of the creek, surrounded by a dense forest. "We're clear have a nice day," Annabeth told the pilot. "Good luck you two!" the pilot said and a moment later the drop ship accelerate and slip out of sight. "Okay, the last transmission came from a point about twenty-one clicks north. Considering the terrain and our average speed I believe we should be on station around nightfall. It is logical that they will have moved and are on the run so if things go bad and we can't reach them on the radio we should be able to find them in four hours. That would leave us approximately seven hours until the Covenant fleet is in position to glass the planet if they work after usual pattern. In that time we need to either clear the out the enemy AA guns which will be difficult or if possible leave the combat zone. We will be cutting this very close either way." "Thank you for the update," Perseus muttered and jogged over to the edge of the creek and climbed up the shoreline. I gazed into the darkness. Thermo and motion sensors showed nothing apart from a handful of reptile-bird like animals that called this planet a home. Piper Hazel's usually chocolate skin was nearly gray and the girl was sweating and just maintaining consciousness. "Hazel, stay awake," Frank begged her. He then unbuckled the clasp under Hazel's chin and pulled off her helmet. The girl's hair spilled down from her back. Piper's grip on her assault rifle tightened at the sight of her heavily injured friend. Frank turned to her with pleading eyes. "Piper, do something!" Piper bit her lip, wishing she could do something. Despite being the same rank as Frank she had somehow ended up in charge. "What am I supposed to do? I already called for help and did my best to fill Hazel's wound up with bio foam," Piper groaned. Hazel had gotten hit in the gutt by a Covenant needler. The projectile had penetrated her balistic armor and then turned her inside into swiss cheese. She had managed to remove the thorn and filled the wound up with the life-saving foam but the wound was still taking its toll. Frank was clutching the girl's hand. I knew that they were secretly in love. Everyone in the Company had known it but stayed silent. Romance in a unit was forbidden but as long as the two didn't actually start dating you could turn a blind eye. We were currently hidden in a small cave under a tree, the place used to serve my platoon as a hide out during maneuvers. Now it was our hideout. I glanced up at the twisted wood of the trees underside and dropped down onto the moss. No more light seeped through the tree's canopy, the only light came from the small field lamp. "I'll go out and see if I can find a field surgeon kit or something. See if you can keep Private Levesque from cooling down." "Yes Ma'am," Frank whispered. Then Frank got to his feet and saluted. "Yes sir!" he repeated, this time louder. "Carry on," Piper muttered and pulled on her helmet. She climbed up, using tree routes as handholds. He silently cursed my choice to join the military, my father had been right. It had been a mistake. The moment she had turned eighteen she had joined the UNSC marine corps. She had come from an extremely wealthy family, her father was one of the most important and famous celebrities throughout the human colonies. Piper could have had a bright future, instead, she was stuck here with poor chances of survival. In a mind fart of Patriotism, she had joined the military and now here she was, fighting for her life after nearly her entire unit had been wiped out. Once she cleared the hole she stayed silent for a moment listening intently. Nothing... It was dark already although she could still see some golden sunlight high up above. Finally, she started walking, hunched over with my rifle at the ready. However, she kept the safety on. There was no reason to risk giving away her location by any involuntary gunshots. She moved through the darkness, careful to stay low and silent. It took me nearly half an hour to reach their encampment. Alpha Company had set up camp on a hill in the middle of a clearing. At the time Piper had been proud if the camp. They had had everything from dug out trenches dug at the base of the hill to chain gun emplacements and walls made of sandbags. The center of the camp had been filled with tents. Then the Covenant had thrown in wave after wave of grunts at us. After the fifth wave only Zang, Levesque, and herself had been left so while the Covenant had been regrouping they slipped away in the forest, right before the Covenant had bombed the base to Valhalla from space. Piper reached the clearing's edge and saw the smoldering remains of what once had been her home. Where once had been a hill was now only flat ground, as smooth as a mountain lake. Millions of tiny glass crystals sparkled blood red in the last rays of sunlight. The rest of the clearing was littered with the blackened craters and corpses of humans and covenant combatants alike. She started moving around the clearing, searching for something useful. Sure enough, she found all the goodies she had been hoping to find. She found a few clips of Ammo for her rifle and quickly stowed the ammo away in her bag. She also found a shotgun which she strapped to my back. A moment later she stumbled along a Jackhammer launcher with three spare missiles. She attached the launcher to the side of her pack and missiles also disappeared into the bag. She also found a box of military rations which joined her ammo and missiles. Finally, she found it, a red case with a white cross on it. Grinning to herself she shouldered her rifle and grabbed it. Everything was going great right up until she heard the familiar grunting sounds. Piper quickly dove towards the tree line and found cover just as a group of ten grunts lumbered out onto the clearing. The small, short, hunched back creatures, wearing methane filled environment were armed with needlers and plasma pistols. A sharp crack cut through the air from maybe twenty feet behind her... A cold pit settled in the bottom of Piper's stomach as she slowly turned around. There he was, wearing red armor even though he hadn't spotted her yet which explained why she wasn't here yet. It was an Elite or Sangeli. Very slowly and carefully Piper put down the crate. Then, even slower she pulled one of her two remaining frag grenades from her belt and pulled out pin with her teeth. Piper took careful aim, counted to