Chapter 1: Battlestar Andromeda This story takes place some were in our Galaxy a long long time ago. There are three madger powers. The republic of Athens. The kingdom of Olympus and the kingdom of Atlantis. Athens: Even though the group of system´s is called a Republic and is mostly independent and has it´s own senate it is a colony of Olympus and it is a loyal one. Athens is the academical and scientific center of the Galaxy. They build beautiful cities ( Sadly they have jet to reach what the Atlantans of old were able to build long before humanity came along.) and high-tech, state of the art computers. They have a large fleet in numbers and only few capital ships. Mostly they rely on a large number of fast and maneuverable destroyers and light cruisers. By using more and more advanced weaponry and trickery to make up for the lack of sheer firepower that the Atlantean fleet has to offer. (human world) Atlantis: Atlantis is an old and powerful kingdom but had to submit to Olympian rule after the war against another empire ruled by a warlord called Kronos. They had taken the full force of the War mostly by their own with only limited help coming from Athens and had stolen Victory from the claws of defeat in one massive and bloody battle in wich the Atlantian fleet had lost thirty-five of forty-two battle stars and over six hundred smaller ships of all classes. There had been millions of dead in those months. In the end their fleet was largely destroyed and the economy crushed. Olympus with it´s fleet still fully intact fleet had taken the chance to grab the power and Athens sided with the now madger power. For ten years Atlantis struggled at the brick of economical and political colaps and finally things started getting better. The economy stabilised itself and they started rebuilding their fleet. Athens is watching the return of Atlantis's power with great concern for the Atlantian´s are extremely talented fighters in space. Zeus, the king of Olympus refuses the accept that Atlantis is recovering from the war. Now Atlantis has just finished a project that has the potential of tipping the balance of power. After thirty years no one has forgotten that Olympus abandoned them when their help was needed most. (Population Atlantian. Are very similar to humans. The madger difference is that their lungs have developed the ability to function under water over billions of years of evolution. They are supposedly immortal or grow very old and it is said that they sometimes can also grant others immortality. What every one knows is that they have superior physical strength and senses and it is fabled that they are telepathic and telekinetic. But a large portion or the population is human) Olympus: Is at the moment the madger power. Their king is known for underestimating his enemies at every turn. Olympus has the most powerful fleet in numbers even if their ships aren´t as strong and sophisticated as their Atlantean or Athenian counterparts. The military high command is overly confident and divided in itself by political camps. The government sadly refuses to see that they need to do something or they will lose their position as madger military power to Atlantis very soon . A great portion of the government is blinded by itself and everyone but themselves know that if anything should happen Olympus would fall first.(human) Annabeth pov. "Thalia. Increase the output of both thrusters to 23%." My copilot fulfilled my orders and pushed the two throddels forward. The 120ft long refitted civilian transport ship picked up speed. "So Annabeth. Can you now tell me what this top secret recon mission is about." I sighed. "Okay. There rumors that the Atlantians are working a new type of Battlestar." Thalia rolled her eyes. "I understand that this is not good for us but they always do that. If there is one thing the Atlantians can do it is build space ships." "I fear this is a whole new bread of ships. This Battleship is supposed to be a giant. "So what. All Battle star size ships are. You forget that the average one is over two miles long and covered in rail-guns and armor plaiting and stuffed with fighter squadrons and has a over twelve thousand strong crew." "Well this one is believed to be about ten miles long and be able to hold a battle star in each of it´s four hanger bays and repair them. Thalia whistles impressed. "With that kind of ship they could put away our ships with their eyes closed." "And it is supposed to be commanded by Admiral Percy Jackson. The son of old king Poseidon." Thalia eyes widened. We had ones faced Perseus in a close quarter fight. He was traveling inside a destroyer and we had engaged him and tried to catch him with a light cruiser and in the end he had forced us to jump out of system with a ship half our size. He had used tactics that had caught me of guard. I was a quite talented commander. Even by Atlantian standards I was a good ship commander but that guy was crazy. If he commanded a ship that size then I was not very eager in confronting Atlantis in a possible war. I knew that ship could win every single battle for Atlantis. But we could still win a war. Sadly having that ship against us would making winning the war a lot harder. "So our job is to approach the ship. Make a few pics in one of the most heavenly guarded testing areas in existence and then get the hell back out of the place." I grimace. "Negative. She is conducting her trials and is fully armed and equiped. This is the last chance to gather some Intel about what it´s capabilities could be. The only thing I know for sure is that it is huge and it´s name is Andromeda." Thalia raised an eyebrow. "Okay..Nice name." She mumbles "Well then. You are breathed. Spin up the FTL (Faster than Light) drive. Starting the checklist." Thalia activated the computer that was needed to calculate the jump. "Roget that. Destination is the Lancer System." "Now. A full system diagnose." I order. Thalia tips the command into the screen and the computer starts a diagnose. After a few seconds she sighs. " FTL, Radar, Optical sensors, Weapon systems, thrusters, auxiliary systems and just about everything else except the vending machines is checking out and the damaged vending machines go on my account because I had sand in my pockets yesterday." I ignored her. "Okay checklist complete. Set condition one through out the ship." Thalia rolled her eyes again. "We have no crew. It is only us on board. Who the hell is supposed to report to battle stations?" "Procedure Thalia. There are rules and we apply to them. We are on a vessel of the Athens space command and not on some civilian ship, the rule book is there for a reason." The girl shrugged. Thalia was maybe on of the most brilliant engineers around but she gave a crap about procedure. "Okay Grace. Give me an ETA on the FTL." "Don´t call me Grace captain. ETA 15 minutes. Clock starting now.." "Okay. Jump as soon as ready." She nodded and flipped up the panel covering the switch that armed the FTL." 15 minutes later. I look at the clock counting down. Thalia closes her eyes. Don´t tell anyone but I think she is afraid of FTL jumps so I just count down for her. "7...6...5...4...3...2...1...Jump. The girl flips up the switch and I had a strange tingling sensation and then all Navigational systems went haywire until the Navigation System rebooted and retook bearings. Thalia scanned the data. "Okay. We are in the out skirts of the Lancer System. I advise on a short long-range sensor sweep and then the deactivation of all non essential systems." "Go ahead specialist." I grin at Thalia. "Okay. Launching a 300 heart burst in three...two...one...mark." Thalia punched the bottom. "Okay. Now we wait." I switched of all lights since they were no use anyway and pushed the chair back. Then I laid my feet up on the dash board and close my eyes and dozed of. One hour later. Beep Beep Beep. I jerked awake. "Radar contact bearing 012.3 to -1.9 range 23, 931,566 miles. Calculating intercept course and velocity." Thalia barked. I snapped on my head phones. A heartbeat later the computer had finished it´s work and I launched the program that would execute the course adjustment. I engaged the system and then I could hear the maneuvering thrusters being fired and then I heard the main thrusters firing for a few seconds until we had changed our trajectory far enough. "Okay. We will be reaching the Atlantian's shooting range in about five hours. I suggest we turn of all main systems so we don´t get detected ten million miles out. " "Now let us push the thrusters. Both engines to 91% thrust." Thalia put the program into the computer and checked on the power plant. "Data from the fusion reactor is in the norms." "Engage." The two large main thrusters fired up with the energy output of a small nuclear bomb. If the ship didn´t have enershail dampeners we would have been crushed into our seats. Finally we reached our intended speed, throttled the thrusters down to idle and drifted toward our destination. Percy pov. I sat in the chair of my ships command center and gazed at the holographic image of our surroundings projected over my plotting table.. The ship really was a beauty and a giant. Suddenly Ensign Loe Ellen spoke up. The sensor specialist gazed intently at her console. "Admiral. We have a subspace burst at long range. A ship just jumped into the system." I turn to my communications officer. "Underwood. Are we receiving IFF codes." "Negative sir. What ever it is it isn´t one of ours. Should we hail them?" "No. They don´t know we know that they are here." I press on my headset and contact to the ships intercom. "This is the Admiral. Action stations! Actions stations! Set conditions one throughout the ship." And with that the all lights in the command center went dark and the only sources of light were the screens and alarms started ringing. While Loe Ellen was working on locating the ship that jumped in I closed my eyes. Finally my XO Nico Di Angelo and my tactical actions officer Clarisse La Ru stormed in. They were breathed on the situation and then everyone turned to me. "Stay on current course. Keep the Radar on scanning mode and point all optical sensors in the direction that the other ship would approach if she was on a intercept course." They did as told. Then I turned to Nico and pulled of my big pleading eyes thing. "If it turns out to be a raider then can I please fly a Viper?" I fake whined. My XO sighed. "Okay Admiral but this is the last time. Your place is on this ship." Suddenly one of Loe´s officers got excited. "I got a visual contact on a Della class ( looks like Colonial one in Battlestar Galactica) Civilian transport. Bearing 035 to -25%. The contacts heading is 320 of our current course and it´s velocity is about mark 1.3." Clarisse growled. "That is never a civilian transport. They know better than to come here and they are sending no IFF codes. They are also much to slow. I say it is a recon mission. Their energy levels are also much to low. They are hoping that we think they are just some piece of debree." I raised an eyebrow. "They could have had an accident." I point out. "Yes but that would explain why they are so slow. Civilian transports