Trigger Warnings: Discussion of starvation and indirect examination of relationships to food. I'm standing at the kitchen sink, the bowl Effie sent with the tiny holes in my hands. It's filled with black beans. I bought them off Sae the last time she came by to clean. She had glanced at me concerned. Each time I attempted this and failed I became more and more agitated, but despite the advice of my therapist, Haymitch and Sae, I refuse to give up. I can still hear Sae's voice echoing in my head, repeating the instructions for me one more time, as she writes them down. First I have to sort through the dried beans, removing any stones, pebbles or damaged beans. I did that, tossing things into the trash as I went. Then I had to leave them in cold water overnight. This morning I woke up, and dumped the fruit of my labor into the bowl that Effie calls a colander. She sent it along with a few other things she declared to be vital for a functional kitchen. Even thought it's not listed in the step, I'm running fresh cold water over them. Every once and a while my hand twitches, causing the beans to jump around in their container as the water runs over them. My mind is whirring. The beans keep sliding in and out of focus. I have to do this. I have to do this. Images begin to cloud my head. I'm being foolish wasting food, when we have so little to spare. I keep failing and she's going to starve to death. Not real . "What's not real?" I jump, not having realized I said the last words out loud, or that I wasn't alone in the kitchen. Turning I see Katniss, hair in her usual braid, leaning against the frame of the door. She looks like skin and bone. I shake my head. No she's full, curved, fed and standing before me. "I keep wasting food. It'll be my fault when we starve to death." She inhales deeply. "We're not going to starve to death," she whispers, but once the words are out of her mouth she moves over the pantry and opens it. I watch as she counts the cans of food, our favorites from the Capitol. Her fingers trail over the packs of sugar and flour. She pauses opening a jar of peanuts and popping one in her mouth as she looks over the rest of the cabinet. It's stocked full of food, as is the one at my house, but I still watch her do this at least once a week. The therapists and psychologists say that she's reassuring herself. They tell both of us the more we handle our own food the more in control of it we'll feel. They say it's because our lives have always been dominated by food. Katniss once lived meal to meal, while I spent all my time in a house that constantly produced food I could not eat. It didn't help that we were then bombarded with the riches foods the country had to offer in the Capitol multiple times before being thrown into an arena, where we were constantly in danger of starving to death, not to mention the regimented control of food in District 13. Our head psychologist, Dr. Aurelius, told us both that in the past when we have controlled our food, we've controlled our lives. He believes that if we bound with what we eat so to speak, it could give us new life, and become what it is meant to be, that which nourishes us as we heal and recover and move forward. Katniss took to this suggestion very well. She started hunting again, with fervor. Every day she'd come back with at least three squirrels from the woods, which she'd skin and gut before giving them to Sae to cook. The meat reminds me of my father, and how he used to give me a little extra when the bread was too stale to choke down. Sometimes as a treat, he'd make black beans to go with the squirrel and the bread, if we could afford. I wanted to start baking again, but found that my hands still shake too much to measure everything as precisely as I need. The poison the Capitol pumped into me still flows through me, active and persistent. I've ruined even the simplest recipes I've tried to make, the ones that I was able to make perfectly at the age of seven. Now I'm standing over a colander full of uncooked beans, trying to learn the much less precise art of cooking, a task made even more difficult because I feel even more useless than I did when I was seven. "My pantry is full of food, and I'm pretty sure your pantry is full of food," Katniss continues, interrupting my self-deprecating thoughts. "No one is starving to death." She stands beside me at the sink, watching. My hands twitch again causing the beans to jump. "That's not a step," she adds. "Doesn't matter," I tell her. We're not touching. We've started touching again, hugging even. There have been nights when we've fallen asleep watching the fire together, sleeping sounder those nights, but we're not touching right now. She probably doesn't want to touch a failure. "I'm not going to get it right this time either." I feel like her gaze is drilling a hole into my skin, she stares at me so hard. I've tried to make beans three times before this, and each time I've failed. The first time they burned. The second time, my hand twitched causing the finished beans to spill all over the floor before I could taste them. The third time, they were disgusting, completely inedible, a pot full of mush. After each attempt I trashed the kitchen in a hijacked rage, till someone found me. The experts in the Capitol say the process is agitating me. They changed their tune, suggesting I take more time before trying again, but I refuse to give up. If I can make the beans, like my father used to make them, then maybe I can be in control again. "You should go to the woods," I tell her. "No," she says. "I shot extra squirrels yesterday so we'd have enough left over for bread and black beans today." I scoff. "Then I'll finish this at home," I say. I was only here this early because we fell asleep on the couch last night. Sae had also left the beans with Katniss, probably hoping that she would talk me out of it. "I don't want to be in your way if you're staying here all day." "I don't think you should cook these at your house," she breathes quietly. "You sound like everyone else. They keep telling me to do something easier like pasta with canned tomatoes," I say angrily. "I didn't say that. I know this is important to you. I just said you shouldn't do it at your house. You'd be all alone…I know that makes it harder for you to keep your mind clear." I don't answer but my hand twitches again. "What comes after the soaking?" "I'm supposed to put them in a sauce pan then add fresh water." She nods and reaches out a hand. I allow her to take the beans from me, before I turn off the water and start fishing around for a saucepan. She keeps them in the cabinet in the corner of the kitchen, or more likely that's where her mother put them when they moved in. Katniss never has been much of a cook. I set the pan on the counter next to the sink, taking the beans from her. She moves past me, to sit down at the small table in the kitchen. I dump the beans into the pan and turn the tap back on, adding the extra water Sae stressed I include. It takes me five minutes to get control of my hands to light the stove, but I manage it. Katniss offers to help, but I refuse, insisting that I want to do this one my own. I need help with too many things now, with my unsteady shaking and fragile mental state. Half the time I need someone with me to remind me if what I'm looking at is real. I take a pinch of the seaweed from the pantry, which Sae said I should boil wit the beans. Annie sent me a bag. I watch it float in the water above the beans. Katniss doesn't say anything. She simply stares at me intently. Nothing happens. I look up at her, desperate. "It's not boiling," I say. Even my voice sound dead and dejected. "That's because you're watching it. Give it a minute. Talk to me instead. Tell me what needs to happen after the water boils." "They need to boil for about two minutes." She makes a noncommittal noise to show she's following. "Then I'm supposed to reduce the heat to low, and either cover them or uncover them depending on the texture I want at the end." "What texture do you want at the end?" I stare at her nonplused. I have no idea what covering or uncovering the beans would do to the texture. "I don't know, but…my father always left them uncovered." "So you've been leaving them uncovered." I nod dully, only half listening to her. "So you lower the heat and then leave them uncovered." "Right," I say, picking up on her invitation to continue. "Then I check back often to see if they're ready. It should take somewhere between an hour or two." "So they'll be ready for lunch." I shrug. She's staring at me intently. I look back down at the pot. It's still not boiling. My concern must show on my face. "The time would go by faster if you don't stand over them." She pauses, seeming to consider something. "How long would it take you to make a loaf of bread?" I bite my lip. "I can't make a loaf of bread Katniss," I snap, turning my back on her, so she can't see the pain crossing my face. "In general. Could someone finish a loaf of bread by lunch?" "Theoretically, but that person would need full control of their hands. They would need to be able to measure things out and hold steady. In other words they can't have tracker jacker venom seeping into their blood stream all the time!" I scream the last words, rounding on her, my whole body shaking in rage. I'm not yelling at her though. I'm yelling at the Capitol, the faceless guards and scientists who did this to me, at a president who has been dead for almost a year. "What if…what if I did all the measuring?" I pause. She's ignored my outburst completely, for which I'm grateful, but I'm surprised at the kindness in her voice, which is normally so guarded. She seems softer, watching me struggle to do what I love. "You know how to do it, and I have steady hands. We'd be good partners." I can't help but laugh at her choice of words. "I don't want your help Katniss. I want to be able to do things on my own." "Why?" she asks, confused. "People work better in teams. You and I did better in the games when we were in the alliance during the Quell or when we had each other. Gale and I caught more game when we worked together. You can accomplish more with two people than with one. Needing help is nothing to be ashamed of." I look her up and down brow furrowed. "Please Peeta," she adds. "You're not the only one who misses fresh bread." "Right because I believe this is just about the bread and not about you pitying me." "I don't pity you," she