AN: This story was written a long time ago, but when I found it I thought that still I could publish it now, because it is long and I had much work with it, so why not? I hope you enjoy this first part of a two shot told from an uncommon perspective. Summary: The greater the manor, the more secrets it keeps inside its walls. And some are yet to be discovered; a story of the most unlikely person unveiling a most unlikely secret. Word count (part 1): 15, 163 words Disclaimer: I do not own any characters you may recognize. A Window to the Past Part 1: Falling… "The greater the manor, the more secrets it keeps inside its walls. Hundred, no, thousands of secrets are hidden by portraits, mural paintings, climbing roses or vines slung around gates and bollards. The wind can whisper them in foreign languages, so no human shall understand." Mother smiles at me, her gaze dreamy, her eyes having that far away look. "Our manor is greater than any other out there. Just try to discover some while we're gone; time will fly that way. You won't even notice our absence." She takes my hand in hers. At once I find myself inable not to compare them. My skin is fair and flawless, while hers has an olive tone and scars twine around it like the vines she told me about. But though it may be softer, it is also smaller; so small in hers, and the face smiling down at me is so much more beautiful than mine that I wonder if I'll ever look as fair as she does. "Have you seen everything there is to see?", I ask. Her smile falters slightly and her eyes grow sad, though they hold a distant sadness, as if what she sees has long passed. I grip her hand tighter. I do not want to see her this way. It scares me. "I don't think I have," she tells me. "But when I was young there was so much to discover. I told you how I was just a maid before your father married me. Whenever I couldn't sleep at night because I missed my parents I'd wander around. I was enchanted by how much there was to find. When I'd open a new door and see the beautiful room behind, I'd feel like I just found a hidden treasure. You will find much joy, I promise." She squeezes my hand one last time before letting go. She then rises to her feet and lifts her long dress as if to shake the dirt off. She's so beautiful, so wonderful, so gentle. I love my mother more than anything could comprehend. I've seen her gray eyes filled with cold when she looks at other people, cold I do not understand, yet when they land on me, they're certain to be soft, loving and everything I could wish for. Her long, brown hair falls in waves down her back as she opens our gigantic door adorned by more flowers than I can count; yet every single one is more beautiful than the other, like stars of the light. Sometimes I spend the whole day out there in the sunlight, tracing the flower's outlines, with my mother next to me on the steps leading up to the door, and ask her what name which one carries, for she knows all of them, whether they be big or small, plain or rich. The last thing I see before she disappears is the laced seam of her purple dress. My mother's dresses are the prettiest ones I've ever seen. Maybe because of her. Other women have similar ones, wide skirts and tight around their middles, but only my mother resembles a queen in them, only she is fair enough to be titled a lady. I imagine wearing those dresses when I'm older, and becoming the woman she is. I sigh and rise to my feet, trying to look as graceful as my mother did. Then I brush my dress off, concentrated to make it look as elegant, until I notice the mirror opposite me. My face falls when I look upon my reflection, for instead of purple, my own dress is a simple beige, and it isn't as extravagant as my mother's but modest. My skirt isn't wide but falls to my feet in a simple fashion. My hair bears the same color as hers, yet it is shorter, barely reaching my shoulders. But my eyes are different; entirely different. A piercing blue, brighter than anyone else's. My mother once told me she loved them. That they were the most beautiful eyes on the surface of the earth. And that her sister had the same ones. I tear my gaze away from my reflection and instead walk over to the big door leading to our long corridor. The handle is heavy and it's hard to move it to open the door. I'm still impressed by the size of our manor and everything inside. So, so much bigger than I will ever be. So great and bright. The door is easily trice my height, and just a year ago I wasn't able to open it without help. Once I'm through, I'm met by the portraits of my ancestors. Ladies and Lords of the manor, all of them with strict faces, complex coiffures and extravagant clothing, some with gold-adorned canes, some with white wigs. All of them look wealthy and distant, except for the last one. A young woman wearing a white dress, although only its shoulder is visible. Her dark hair is knit together in so many braids they aren't countable. Woven through those braids is a snake. Thick and golden, as if it was dominating her. Right where her forehead begins is the head of the beast, which is glancing down at her mercilessly. The woman's lips are smiling, but her eyes are sad, and she's not looking at the painter. She's staring at something outside the picture, so it seems as though she was gazing at the frame. The woman is my mother, shortly after she married my father. She was pregnant at that time, that's why her stomach isn't visible. I asked her why she was so sad then once; only once. She shook her head and said she wouldn't tell a soul. No one. Never. Her voice was hard, like it never had been and has not been since. So I listened. And never brought it up again. Still, I never did stop wondering and involuntarily step closer, reach out to trace her outlines with my finger. Somehow, suddenly it's as though there was no drawn woman already. It's as if I'm the one sketching, sometimes adding shadows, sometimes simple lines. And it's no longer just the silhouette, I begin drawing the knots in her hair, the snake's scales, trace the lines of her lips, the shadows which portray her nose and finally the eyes, those wide gray eyes lacking the strength and love I'm so used to. And then something strange happens. I follow them. I follow her eyes. And right where her gaze lands on is a small wedge between the portrait and the wall, so narrow it's barely visible, barely thick enough to get my fingers through, but I manage. At once there's a clicking sound and I jump. The portrait swings back as if touched by some kind of magical force. I step forward again and am surprised to see dark, heavy curtains instead of the marble the corridor's walls are made of. The golden rolls cling to the rod holding the curtain jar as they are scratched along said rod. Hidden behind it isn't the rich golden window frame I'd anticipated. Although a frame there is indeed. But it's simple, wooden, brown. Unlike all the other windows of our manor, unlike all the expensive walls and ceilings. It seems as though it belonged to one of the huts mother speaks about when she reads fairy tales of dwarves and maids to me. Underneath the window is a sill, which I climb to get a better view of what is outside, of what I hadn't noticed afore. Out there are two shadows. It's bright daylight, but the figures are black and not recognizable. Their surroundings, though, are. Right behind them is an apple tree, green and filled with apples in all shades of red. It's strange, for apples are mellow only in fall, usually, and it's spring, but maybe this tree is enchanted, why should it not be? In one of my mother's fairy tales, there was a tree growing golden apples in the end. Maybe it's the same with this one, even if the fruits are red instead of golden. The tree is one of three in the beautiful garden, and opposite is a house, which I suppose to be the small separate house our servants live in while they're not working, for there is a wall connecting it to our manor. Strange only, how I've never seen this garden before. I know every corner of our grounds, or I thought I did, but this part has never been shown to me. The long hair of one of the figures, which I suppose to be a woman, is blown by the light breeze outside. She hasn't noticed the other figure, who must be a man judging by his hair's length and shoulder's size. I think he's watching her, for his head is turned in her direction. She as oblivious as can be. Wouldn't it be kind to tell her?, I think to myself. She's probably a servant, maid, and he could be there to tell her something that needs to be done. The male servants in our manor tend to be like that. So I turn the handle to open the window, and although cracking and creaking, it slowly moves back. I shift so I can get my head through the slot I've created, and call out: "Hullo! Haven't you seen this man? He might wish to talk to you!" As though some veil has fallen from both they aren't black figures anymore. The girl is wearing a simple brown dress, a maid's dress, as guessed, and he is dressed in a long black coat. So he's a man of some account. I don't know what he would be doing there, why he would be there, or who he is, yet I do indeed wonder why the woman isn't responding to my call. At once it strikes me that neither is he. He's still watching and she. . .she is humming. Humming some kind of foreign tune. Yet even so her voice is stunning. Beautiful. Heavenly, even. I always wished my mother would sing to me, as I know other mothers do to their daughters, but she would get sad and shake her head. I find myself wondering if she has heard this woman's voice. Maybe she's afraid hers isn't as good. But wouldn't that be ridiculous? To me, there's no person on earth who is more enchanting. However, I do not want to get the girl's attention anymore, for I do not want her to stop singing. But she does. For suddenly, there's a noise, a cracking. My eyes wander to find the source; the man has moved forward, and his foot snapped a twig on the ground while his arms were removing the leaves and branches covering his view. The woman's head spins around till it's turned into his direction and an aghast look is plastered on her face, hidden by the shadows of the tree and thus only half visibly to me. However, quickly her astonishment turns into anger. She must be brave. My first reaction would have been fear if I'd found a stranger watching me and listening to my voice. I'd have been embarrassed, also. "Who are you? And why were you watching me?" Her hand