Title: Until the End of TheirDays Author: Padawan Jess Kenobi Disclaimer: I wish I were brilliant enough to have created The Lord of the Rings. Authors note: this is a small, quickly written fic simply because I was watching the movies the other day, and I totally fell in the love with the LOTR movies again. I have not read the books however, so I don't really know much besides what the movies talk about. So keep that in mind, and use your imaginations to place a young Aragorn and Legolas in one of their adventures pre-FOTR. Reviews, as always, are lovely. :) Aragorn felt the attack before he even heard the footsteps of the first Orc fall. He ducked out of pure instinct, and the sound of a blade whistling through the air above him allowed him the second to spin and drive his own sword into the Orc's stomach. Aragorn shouted to warn Legolas, but the Elf had keener senses, and had heard the attack in time to notch an arrow and fell two Orcs before Aragorn could even finish the word. Two other Orcs were upon him so quickly that it was all Aragorn could do to block the first attack, and then to sidestep the other. He drew a small curved dagger from his belt with his left hand and drove it into one of the Orc's neck at the same time that he buried his sword into the thick chest-armor of the second. He caught the approach of another Orc out of the corner of his eye, and went to meet him, when he was dragged down by an unexpected weight. His sword was caught in the armor of the dead Orc. Aragorn tugged at it, but it would not come free. The Orc rushed him, seeing that he had no weapon in his hand. Aragorn was quicker, though, and lunged forward to trip him. The Orc went down heavily, dropping his sword in surprise as he fell. Aragorn darted to his side and picked up the blade, beheading the Orc with its own weapon. Aragorn placed his foot on top of the dead Orc that still had his blade imbedded in his chest, and pulled at it with all his strength. The sword came free suddenly, and he stumbled back, his momentum saving his life as another Orc moved to decapitate him. The Orc's sword cut the air next to him, but its armored hand slammed into Aragorn's skull with all the strength it could muster, knocking the Man to his knees in a daze. Aragorn's head swam and for a second he could see nothing but black. He felt a gash open on the side of his head, and the feel of blood against his temple. He could feel the gentle tug of unconsciousness taking over him, but he pushed it back forcefully, and struggled to clear his vision. The Orc was striking again, but Aragorn managed to bring his sword up in time, and slip it into the beast's stomach. Legolas felled two Orcs in rapid succession, his shot piercing both of them in the neck. They went down, replaced almost immediately by two more of their kind. Legolas drew another arrow as the first Orc started to take a step towards him, and it was dead before its foot touched the ground. The second Orc fell only seconds after the first. Legolas turned to look at Aragorn, who was struggling to get up from where he had presumably been knocked over. He had a large wound on the side of his head, and the blood was starting to trickle down his face. He had been slashed in the leg, and the injury was clearly affecting his ability to move quickly. Aragorn seemed to feel his gaze and turned to his friend to make sure he was alright. "Legolas, behind you!" Aragorn shouted, his eyes widening suddenly. Legolas had just enough time to draw a graceful-looking throwing knife out of his belt, and drive it into the Orc's body without even turning around. The Elf started moving towards his friend when an arrow struck his arm, causing him to drop his own bow in pain. An Orc ran at him from his hiding place behind a rock, a huge bow and arrow in his own hands. Legolas' face twisted in agony as he clutched his arm, though he was already bending to pick up his fallen bow. The Orc fitted another arrow and took aim, this time at the Elf's chest. Without even thinking, Legolas dropped into a roll and gracefully jumped up to his feet even as pain shot through his injured arm. He reached for another small dagger on his belt, but was not quick enough. The Orc was upon him before even he could react, the Elf's reflexes slowed by the agony of his injury. It slashed at him with its sword, and Legolas managed to dodge out of the way. He threw himself back to avoid the second blow, but could not move completely out of the way in time. The Orc's blade slashed his chest, ripping through clothes and skin. Legolas cried out in pain, and fell to his knees. The Orc looked down at him, a beast so hideous and evil that it made Legolas' blood boil with rage, and it lifted its sword to finish the Elf. Legolas' vision was reduced to a dizzy haze, and he couldn't tell what was real and what wasn't. Hi eyes told him there were three Orcs around him, but his senses told him only one stood in front of him. He could hear a yell in the distance, but it sounded so far away. He drew out his second twin dagger and slashed out weakly, but missed his target. He steeled himself as the Orc raised its sword, the Elf bracing himself for the blow that was to come. But instead the Orc stopped, its grotesque eyes widening in surprise as a sword seemed to materialize out of its middle. It grunted, and fell over dead. Legolas recognized the hilt of the sword sticking out of the Orc, and looked over at Aragorn in surprise. Aragorn had seen the Orc's blade strike the Elf, and in a haze of pain and dizziness, the man shouted in worry. Time seemed to slow as he watched his friend falter; the epitome of grace even as he fell, his blood already staining the rocky ground in front of him. Aragorn sensed an Orc approaching his own side, but he could not tear his gaze away Legolas' broken form. He threw his sword with all his strength, the blade flipping through the air beautifully, and felling the Orc immediately. Aragorn barely had time to turn when the last of the Orcs were upon him. He elbowed the Orc in the face, and twisted to move out of the way of the sword, but not before it cut across his side. The beast momentarily lost his balance, and Aragorn used the moment to ram into it, knocking them both to the ground. Aragorn slipped off of the Orc's armor and somehow landed under his enemy. He grunted as he felt the Orc's heavy weight land on him, and he heard the sickening thud of his own ribs breaking. He gasped for air, each breath a betrayal as he was assaulted with pain. With a last effort, he pulled a dirk out of the Orc's belt, and rammed it in its stomach. Without even pausing to check if the Orc had died, Aragorn lifted himself to his feet. He swayed dangerously, and stumbled forward to where Legolas lay in a motionless heap. He sank to his knees in front of the Elf, his pain nothing next to the agony of seeing his friend so hurt. The Elf lay in a pool of his own blood, some of it turning a sickly black color as it mingled with the dirt and rust that had been on the blade that had cut him. "Legolas?" Aragorn said softly, his voice wavering in fear. "Legolas," he repeated again, more firmly this time. He would not let his fear take hold of him. He gently shook the Elf's shoulder, willing him silently to wake up. Legolas' eyes fluttered open weakly, and through a dizzy spell, he saw Aragorn leaning over him. The Man looked terrible, his shirt was torn and a giant gash in his side was leaking blood quickly. "Aragorn," he whispered, trying desperately to focus. "You're hurt," he said in concern. Aragorn felt a small smile reach his lips even as hot tears sprung to his eyes. The Elf seemed practically dead, and yet his first concern was for him. Aragorn fought the tears and did not let them fall; he would have to be strong for Legolas. "It's nothing, just a scratch," he said dismissively. "I'm going to have to take that arrow out, Legolas. It's going to hurt," he said, regret in his voice. Legolas nodded bravely, his blue eyes brimming with determination and strength, even as the blood seeped out of his body. He braced himself mentally, and kept Hunter's gaze. "On three then," Hunter said as he gripped the arrow tightly, feeling Legolas tense under his hand. "One… two…" Legolas gritted his teeth against the pain, but he could not hold back a tiny moan as Hunter ripped the arrow out of his flesh. "Three," Legolas said, his voice ironic. "What happened to three?" "I changed my mind," Aragorn said with a smile that didn't quite reach his eyes. He looked up suddenly, though the motion caused his head to spin painfully. "More Orcs will be here by nightfall, we must move." He moved to pick Legolas up, but the Elf staid him with his good arm. "I can walk," the Elf insisted, even as he was assaulted from the simple act of speaking. "You cannot walk!" Aragorn argued in exasperation. The effort of such an exclamation caused his head to spin, and his ribs to throb in pain. He gasped and stumbled back, just barely catching himself. "And you can do better?" Legolas answered sarcastically, though his eyes belied the concern he felt for his friend. Aragorn was bleeding heavily, and his head injury was most likely a concussion. "I will manage," Aragorn replied with a painful hiss. "As can I," Legolas said stubbornly, raising himself slightly off the ground. His wounded arm collapsed painfully under the pressure, but he held up his weight with his good arm. Even that slight movement brought an onslaught of pain that rushed through his entire body, but Legolas was determined to stand. Aragorn reached out to help him, gripping the Elf's unhurt arm and trying to help him back down. Legolas would have nothing of it, and continued to try to stand. Aragorn hardly had the strength to push him down for his own good. Slowly and painfully, though the only sign of agony the Elf showed was in how tense he held his shoulders, and the occasional gasp for breath, Legolas lifted himself to his feet. He wavered uncertainly, but a small smile crossed his face. "See? I can walk just fine," he said stubbornly as Aragorn approached him. "Now you can-" his words were cut short as he took a step, and collapsed. Aragorn was there in a second to catch him, the impact of the Elf's injured body hitting his own hurting them both equally, though neither cried out. Aragorn put his arm around Legolas' shoulder, being careful not to touch his bleeding arm. "Are you satisfied now, Legolas?" Aragorn asked, though he could not mask the worry he felt for his friend. Legolas was remarkably strong and not easily did that strength leave him. The fact that he could barely stand worried Aragorn deeply. Legolas said nothing, and Aragorn knew his friend too well to think that Legolas was sulking. He