The Alexander Chronicles Year 4: The Rise of the Darkness So here is the fouth year, I hope you will enjoy it. Or and I have to say this again; I am not J.K Rowling and I do not own Harry Potter. Chapter 1: Off Limits … Alex was having the same nightmare again: He was sitting with his mother in the living room; she was hugging him and comforting him. Suddenly a door was kicked open, and the young Alex started to cry, ignoring his mother´s attempts to keep him quit. Moments after the door had been opened, a man in a dark suit was standing in the doorway. The young Alex saw this, and hid himself in his mother´s arm, crying even harder. " Just leave us alone, please we be gone soon." Cyrina said, while holding her crying son close to her. " No," the man said, "I can´t do that you deserve a punishment." He took out a gun, and BANG. It was always at that moment Alex woke up with a yelp, and sat up in the bed breathing heavily, covered in sweat and with a terrible headache. Alex sighed as he moved his feet off his bed and to the floor, then leaned his head in his hands, his elbows on his knees. Why was he dreaming that dream; it wasn´t even real, his muggle father (if he really was that) hadn´t left him like that, but still the dream really felt like it hadn´t been a dream. In fact it felt more like a memory. But that couldn´t be right, he remembered what had happened, he know he did. Alex dried the sweat from his face and looked around in the room, as he was looking for something strange, he didn´t see anything, or at least not anything strange for a teenage wizard. There was a large wooden trunk stood open at the foot of his beds, revealing cauldrons, black robes and notes. On the nearby shelf was a large collection of neatly sorted spell books: some were schoolbooks and the others were books his family and friends had given him. He stood out of bed, passing his desk that was littered with rolls of parchment, maps of a certain building, and a cage where his owl, Archimedes, was perched and looking out the open window. Alex glanced through the window and saw the unfamiliar view of the London. He still haven´t gotten used to live here sure had lived near London, before, but the centre of the city was something else, there was just some many people here and a lot of noise. But this was his new home, his grandfather´s home. He had offered that they could live at Alex´s old house, but Alex had refused, he didn´t needed to be reminded of his mother all the time; his mother who now was in Azkaban for helping Sirius Black. Alex stood still for a moment watching the view, even though it was early in the morning there was still a lot of life: mostly people that was on the way home from a party or some who were working early. Alex yawned before going into his private bathroom. He walked over to the sink and splashed some cold water in his face, before looking in the mirror. The wet face of a fourteen-year-old boy, with grey eyes, and brown hair looked back. Alex looked down at himself his green pyjamas was wrinkled, due from him turning around in his sleep. Alex sighed, he still couldn´t believe that his mother had lied to about who his real father was, she had told him that it was a muggle named Daniel Bonteri, but in reality it was the man she was arrested for helping. Alex wasn´t sure, if he truly believed that Sirius was his father, if he were then why had his mother never told him, the worst part was that he couldn´t even ask her why she had done it. Alex really missed her, some days were worse than others like his birthday for example. Normally his mother would wake him up, with a birthday song, he had missed that despite his grandfather had done their best to make sure it would be a good day. Alex splashed some more water in his head, before going back to his bedroom. Where he sat down at his desk with his notes and a map sat right in front of him. He picked up and looked at the map he had 'received' from his grandfather. It was a map of the second level of the Ministry of Magic; where it held many departments, but there was one department, in particular he was interested in. It was the personal information department, where every wizard or witches in Britain personal files where. The personal files where self-updating, and held information about; height, eyes and hair colour, grades, ailments, abilities, family history and much more. It was the family history Alex was interested in, since it was a magic file it couldn´t be manipulated, meaning the person that was listen there was his real father. The files were usually only available for the Ministry, but Alex knew that sometimes a person could see his own file, if the reason were good enough, and if he was lucky. Alex had tried getting the information about himself from a Ministry worker, but he had been told that he was too young to even make a request that only left one option – he had to sneak in the Ministry and see the file for himself. Alex moved the map in front of him, noticing an unopened letter under it. It was a letter he had sent to Daphne trying to reconcile his friendship with her, but the letter had been sent back with no reply or anything. That was another thing that made this summer bad. He had messed up a couple friendships his last year at Hogwarts, including the one with Daphne by ignoring her, due to busy exams, but mostly due to him trying to find the man that could had proven that Sirius Black was innocent. Daphne had taken that as a sign that Alex rather wanted to spend time with his Gryffindor friends, and true enough he had spent more time with them, especially after he had helped Black escape, granted he had not talked that much he was only present in the common room with them. In fact the only Gryffindors who he had talked to were Harry, Hermione, and the Weasley twins, and it hadn´t been that much talking. Still Alex understood why Daphne was angry, because he had been neglecting her, but he wished she would let him explain so they could be friends again, because he missed her terribly. It had been easier to reconcile his friendship with Blaise and Tracey. He had spent a lot of his time with Blaise visiting his home, and helping him produce his patronus, which was a bobcat. They also hung a lot out in Diagon Alley where they messed around, walking through Knockturn Alley, browsing the shops with curiosity, sometimes they would go to the muggle London to check that out, or they would look at girls. The last part wasn´t something he ever told Tracey, when he was writing her, mostly because he knew how crazy Blaise was about her. Alex leaned his head on his arms, and once again stared out the streets of London, his eyelids getting heavier and heavier, and then... Crack! And Alex´s eyes snapped opened at the loud crack, automatically placing his school papers over his notes and maps. "Good morning young master. You are up early," sounded a squeaky voice that belonged to Alex´s grandfather´s house elf named Lux. "Yeah good morning Lux." Alex yawned, before he sat up and starched his body. "Would the young master like his breakfast?" "Yeah can I have some bacon, eggs and toast?" Lux bowed, "yes Master Alexander, it will be ready soon." She said before disappearing with a pop. It didn´t take long for Lux to return with the breakfast, "I assumed the master also wanted some pumpkin juice and see the today edition of the Daily Prophet?" she said as she placed the trey on Alex´s desk. "Thank you very much Lux," Alex smiled as he picked up some toast, "have my grandfather left yet?" "Yes," Lux answered as she began picking up the dirty cloths, "he told me to say that you should behave well, when he was away and that master Anthony would come and cheek up on you." Alex smirked as he eat some bacon, "you know me Lux, I am always on my best behaviour." Lux didn´t respond to that she simply popped away; Alex chuckled and opened the Prophet. … After breakfast, Alex got dressed, after a quick shower. It was today he was planning getting in the Ministry; he put on his new holster, that he had gotten from his Grandpa, on his right wrist and stuck his wand inside then put on a black long-sleeved t-shirt. That combined with wish black trousers and grey shoes would make him blend in perfectly. He packed his bag with his notes, map of the ministry, a Revealer, a small vile of Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder, and some of Fred and George Weasley new inventions, that they had sent to him. Alex thought it was brilliant magic, and a lot of it would be really useful if you need a distraction, even though the twins had made it for pranking people. About two hours later, Alex put the bag over his shoulder and left to the front door, "Hey Lux, I think I will go down to Diagon ally to see Blaise." He shouted. The little house elf popped, "of course young master, but remember that your grandfather have told you that you shall be home for dinner." Alex nodded before he walked out to the streets of London. "What took you so long?" spoke a voice near Alex. He turned around to see Blaise Zabini leaning on a tree. He was taller, way taller than Alex was, and wore a dark suit. He looked too fancy for a fourteen year old. "Could you be any more conspicuous?" Alex asked raising and eyebrow as he looked at his best male friend. "What?" Blaise said, looking down at himself. "You told me that I should wear dark clothes." "Yeah, but I didn´t said you should wear a suit, how many fourteen year old do you know that wears a suit." "Well, at least I'll be the one who'll blend in," Blaise said, leaning off the tree. "Instead of looking like some obvious secret spy or agent. I mean have you seen yourself; all you need is a dark hood and gloves." He paused as some girls walked past them while starring at them. The girls was around their age, maybe a year older, Blaise gave them a smile and they began giggling, Alex noticed that some of the girls were looking at him too, blushed slightly and gave a nervous smile, making the girls giggle even more. "Hey boys," one of the girls said. She had light brown hair and blue eyes. Alex noticed that she was very pretty, and felt himself blushing as she was staring at him. "Hey," Alex replied lamely, and blushed even more as the girl giggled. "So what are you boys up to?" the same girl asked. "Nothing, we just, oh just," Alex stammered. "Oh we are just hanging," Blaise said, "you?" "The same, we heading out to eat some brunch." "Then later this evening there is a party at the school," said another girl winking at Blaise, "are you guys coming?" "Afraid not, we are not from any school around here" Blaise said. "Oh are you sure, I could get you in." Again, the girl winked at Blaise. "so what