The Alexander Chronicles Year 5: The Growing Darkness Chapter 1: The Family Home. … Things were not great for Alexander Black. At the end of his last school year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, he along with his friend Harry Potter, had witnessed the rebirth of the Dark Lord Voldemort. Alex had been one of the reasons that the Dark Lord could resurrect himself, as Voldemort had needed Alex´s flesh and magic to be reborn just as he had needed Harry´s blood. Once Voldemort had returned, he had offered Alex a place at his side. An offer that Alex had refused and his grandfather Fredric Ambrosius had paid for that choice with his life. Voldemort had then ordered Alex uncle Adrian Ambrosius to kill Alex, and while Harry had duelled Voldemort, Alex had duelled his uncle and ended up killing him with the shock wave spell. Both Alex and Harry but survived and escaped the graveyard, when they had returned to Hogwarts, they had told everyone about what had happened. Their teachers had believed them, but the Minister of Magic hadn´t. In order to discredit Alex and Harry, so nobody would believe them, the Minister had forced the Daily Prophet writing trash about the boys, like how they were traumatized, attention seeking or just insane. Alex tried his best to ignore the words, but they hurt. His soundings helped with that. Right now, he was on a hilltop, sitting with his knees inches from his chest and his arms resting on his knees. He looked out seeing more hills, behind him, a forest, but ahead, a two-story house next to a small pond surrounded by a wooden fence. It was strange living at the countryside. Alex was used living near the city or in the city as he had year ago, but this was nice, the solitude was good for him. Alex stretched out, his hand hitting a newspaper, the Daily Prophet. He had been reading it a lot lately, despite the stories, they wrote about him, he was looking for any clues on what Voldemort and his death eaters could be doing, but there was nothing. Alex guessed that Voldemort used the Ministry´s ignorance to lay low and build his power Next to the newspaper were a few letters from his friends. All from Blaise, Hermione, and his girlfriend Daphne Greengrass, all asking the same and checking to see if he was alright. He was, and he told them repeatedly that he would be alright, and that he was done mourning his grandfather. Though they hadn't found a body, a funeral was still held a week after he left Hogwarts and a grave put next to Alex´s grandmother's grave. It wasn´t perfect, but it gave some kind of closure. However, things still weighed down on Alex. All because he was different, related to Slytherin, and supposedly powerful. It was the reason why his Grandfather was dead. Other things that weighed down on Alex as well, like the terrible things that he had done. When he had been thirteen, he had nearly tortured an older Slytherin student. Last year when he had been fourteen; he had nearly tortured his muggle stepfather, he had tortured his own cousin, he nearly joined Voldemort's cause and finally he had killed his own uncle. It had been an accident, but still was a death that he was responsible for. Each decision, each year he grow older, Alex grow more and more violent. What would he do now that he was fifteen? Would he kill again? Would it be on propose the next time? Alex had nightmares about that, about him killing his uncle, the snapping sounds when his neck broke. Other times the nightmares would be about Alex´ uncle dead body calling him a killer or they would be about Alex killing in a fit of rage. Alex would wake up screaming each time. The dreams and fears bothered Alex a lot, so he did numerous things to keep his mind off them. He did his schoolwork and he began a secret project, Animagus training. Alex had decided, that he should become an Animagus ever since he leaned that his father was one. He had only begun reading more about Animagus transformation; he hadn't started on the magical transformation part, not yet. "Alex!" shouted a voice. Alex looked down towards the house to see Draco Malfoy running from it, towards him. Within a couple of minutes, Draco reached Alex, breathing heavily. "Alex," He breathed out, trying to catch his breath. Alex watched Draco bemusedly. "Alex, he's here!" Draco said. "Who is here?" Alex asked standing up. "Your father, he wants to see you." "You mean Sirius?" "Yeah who else would it be when I said it was your father?" Alex smiled and packed the Prophet and the letters in his bag, before he raced towards the house. … "So how is Alexander?" Sirius asked. He sitting on a couch in the Tonks family living room, he was sitting next to him was his fellow marauder Remus Lupin, across were Andromeda Tonks. Andromeda paused as she thought about her answer. "He is doing better than when returned from Hogwarts, but I am still worried about him. He has been isolating himself a lot either he is looked up in his room or is outside in the hills." "Maybe he just wants to be alone." Sirius answered, but didn´t look like that he believed it. "No, it is not that. We have all tried to talk with him about what happened in the graveyard, Dora have been most successful, but we all think that he is keeping things from us. I know that he has a lot of nightmares." Andromeda said looking at her cousin. "Hopefully he just needs some time, maybe it will help when he moves to the city and hangs with his friends." "Maybe, but-"Andromeda paused as the door to the sitting room opened, and the two teenagers of the house walked in. "Alexander!" Sirius said standing up. "Hey?" Alex greeted, looking at his father, he looked better, in fact he looked like he hadn´t been to Azkaban. "It been a while." "Too long." Sirius said as he moved over to hug his son. Alex was a bit reluctant at first, but returned the hug. "I am sorry about that. I had to take care of a few things for Dumbledore." Sirius said letting Alex go. "It is okay." Alex shrugged, looking around the room to see that his former defence against the dark arts professor Remus Lupin, had come as well. "Hallo Professor." He greeted. "I am not your professor anymore Alexander. Please call me Remus or Mooney." The former Professor said as he shock Alex´s hand. "Hallo Draco, that goes for you as well." Lupin added looking at the Malfoy heir. "You mentioned something about someone moving?" Alex mentioned looking at the adults, which included Sirius, Lupin, Andromeda and Nymphadora, who just had walked in. "Yes," Sirius said. "You and Draco will be moving." "Moving to where?" Alex asked crossing his arms. "A safe place in the city." "We are safe here." "I know you are, but we were thinking that you might wanted to spend some time with your father." Andromeda said laying a hand on Alex´s shoulder. Alex didn´t wanted to spend any time with Sirius. He had needed him in the beginning of the summer. He had needed his father then, not now. It had been Nymphadora Alex had talked with. It had been her that had helped Alex getting over the death of his grandfather. "I was just thinking that you might spend some time in my family home." Sirius said. "No." Alex said, "I want to stay here!" "I think you should come with me." Sirius said again. "Why?" "Because I say so?" "Why?" Alex asked again in a lauder voice, annoyed that his father wouldn´t give him the reason. Did he really just think that he could show up out of the blue and expect Alex to follow him. "Because you will be safe there." "Why will I be safer there then here?" "It is not something I want to discuss now!" "Why? I have a right to know." "You haven´t." "Why not? Do you think that you just can show up and ask me to follow?" "Yes, I do." For each sentence Sirius and Alex´s voices had gotten lauder and louder. "Why won´t you say WHY?" Alex shouted the last part. "Don´t you raise your voice at me." Sirius half yelled. Father and son stared at each other. Alex looked annoyed and angry. He was about to shout some more at his father, but before he could Nymphadora spoke up. "I think you should tell him." Alex gave Nymphadora a grateful look; at least she was on his side. "I don´t want to worry my son." "Ignorance will do him no good." Nymphadora stated. "Dora, it is not your business." Andromeda hissed. "I disagree mum and I am his guardian right? So legally I have to final say." Sirius eyed her. "He is my son." "Then trust him." Sirius signed and looked at Alex, who looked at him expectantly. "Fine, we is afraid that Voldemort might target you." "Because of Harry?" "Yes and no," Lupin said, "we fear that Voldemort will target you and Draco." Draco who had stayed silent the whole time tensed. "Draco because he turned his back on Voldemort and followed you." "Me?" "Yes Alexander you." Sirius said, "You are the heir of Slytherin. Voldemort doesn´t want any competitors to hold that title. Especially, one that unlike him is a pure-blood." "Silan and Selene are related to Slytherin as well." "But they can´t speak parseltongue, you can." Nymphadora cut in. "That make you a treat to Voldemort." "That's stupid," Alex said, sitting down in an empty chair. "We know," Sirius said. "However, we will prefer to move you and Draco to my family home. Don't worry, we will be safe. The house is protected and unseen from nearly everyone." Alex sighed. "Fine, when are we leaving?" he asked. "In the morning," Sirius answered. "So you have the evening to pack." "What about Nymphadora?" Alex asked, and felt an elbow nudge his shoulder. "As she said she is my guardian. Is she going with us too?" Over the beginning of the summer, Alex had grown quite close to Nymphadora. She had become quite the big sister type to him, which he didn't mind. He actually liked having her around. She was fun, humorous, and caring. Nymphadora shook her head. "No, I won't be staying with you guys," she said. "But I'll be around a lot, for protection and well, to visit my little cousin," she said, wrapping her arm around Alex´s shoulders, who smiled. "Don't worry, Alexander, you won't be alone," Sirius spoke. "All your friends will be there. Harry, Ron and the Weasleys, Hermione, and Blaise and his mother. It's going to be a very full house." Alex frowned, did Sirius just mentioned Ron as one of his friends? Beside he hadn´t mentioned. "What about Daphne and Tracey?" "They won´t be there." Sirius said. "What? Why not? They are my friends too". "Alex I am sorry, but their parents wouldn't allow it. It looks like Daphne´s parents and Tracey´s father has read the daily prophet." Remus said looking sad. "What they believes those lies!" "I don´t know, but they do believe that you are a bad influence on their daughters." Alex signed, "Well that is just fantastic. I hate that bloody newspaper and it´s stupid lies." "Alex, we know," Nymphadora said, squeezing his shoulders. "But they're not just calling you a liar, but Harry and Dumbledore as well." Alex sighed. "I'm going to go pack," he said and left the sitting room. … Alex hadn´t begun packing when Draco entered their shared room. Alex knew that it had been hard for Draco defying his father. The first thing Malfoy