Summary: It's hard watching someone change from the person you've come to know them as, losing the vibrancy and fading into a shadow of themselves. I watched him from a distance that year, and still to this day wonder if I could have saved him. Takes place during HBP. Very slight AU. Disclaimer: I own nothing, I just took artistic liberties. Harry Potter, characters, names, and all related indicia are trademarks of Warner Bros. and came from the genius mind of Queen Rowling. The song Colors is performed by Halsey and is © 2016 Astralwerks. Colors Long-Shot inspired by Colors by Halsey I entered the train compartment and tossed my satchel into the overhead storage. Letting out a deep sigh, I allowed my body sink into the welcoming cushions of the seat nearest the window. It's hard getting onto the train every year, but harder this year than ever before. There's been a shift in the air that I can practically feel vibrating in every public space inhabited by the wizarding community. Platform 9 ¾ is most noticeably wrapped in a heavy cloak of anxiousness and paranoia, leaving my muscles tense. Reaching a hand up, I began to knead my fingers into the stiff muscles of my shoulder as my eyes wandered out the window. Despite the fact that the train would be heading out in the matter of minutes, many students lingered to say goodbye to their families. Young children, undoubtedly incoming first years, were promising to write their teary-eyed parents, while older students greeted their friends from across the platform after a long summer apart. Interspersed in the crowd were Aurors, which could be seen surveying the assembly for any suspicious activity. It wasn't unusual to see them lurking in background these days, as I'd noticed them frequently over the summer. The various Death Eater strikes across the country had left the Ministry of Magic on edge and clearly the appointment of security was their way of making people feel safe and to prevent an attack of substantial proportion. Lot of good it did protecting wizarding England, when muggles were the target more often than not. Toward the back of the platform, away from the families saying their frantic farewells, I observed a glimmer of sunlight on bright blond hair. Draco Malfoy was standing along the brick wall accompanied by his mother, Narcissa. The pair looked increasingly uncomfortable near the crowds of people, and no words were exchanged among them. My brow furrowed as I remembered that the Daily Prophet had announced Lucius' imprisonment at the end of the last school term. Draco stood rigid as a wand, with a look of dark concentration on his face that was a far cry from the haughty scowl that normally graced his features. My eyes slid to his mother, who had a light grip on her son's arm while her gaze rested blankly in the distance, unseeing of what was happening around her. Hovering just under the surface, was a gloomy grey haze that I'd never seen before. The Malfoy family had always carried themselves with a self-important poise that demanded attention, yet the pair stood now as if trying to blend into the shadows. Her aristocratic beauty turned hollow, and the normally proud set of his shoulders was slumped almost indiscernibly. Their appearance made me certain that the events at the Department of Mysteries and the last months of the summer had affected them as much as the rest of the wizarding world. In previous years boarding the Hogwarts Express, I'd glimpsed Malfoy's family and not once do I remember warmth accompanying their farewells. While Draco's departure may have been stiff and formal before, today they seemed disconnected from one another, haunted in their solitude. Draco looked to his mother, ready to depart, and she appeared shaken from her thoughts. My heart clenched painfully as I watched Narcissa step forward and wrap her only son in a fierce embrace while he stood unresponsive. It was as if she were clinging to him and trying to convey a silent sentiment through a moment of tenderness clearly not meant for public eyes. I ripped my gaze away from the scene before me and set my eyes determinedly on the seat across from me. It was hard, yet not impossible, to imagine that Narcissa cared for her son dearly and despite the overwhelming evidence that the Malfoy family was in league with Voldemort, she feared for Draco's safety. As the Hogwarts Express lurched forward and began picking up speed, I turned to the window again and waved at the families still on the platform. The compartment door opened and several other students entered donning their Prefect badges and exchanging pleasantries. With the chatter of the other prefects increasing around me, I stood to retrieve parchment and a quill from my bag before the meeting got underway. With the Head Boy and Girl handing out the patrol schedule, I found myself staring at the grey eyed boy across the compartment. He wasn't paying attention to the announcements and scoffed as he received a copy of the timetable. I scowled. It's like Draco didn't care to take his duties seriously, as if the task is completely beneath him. Everyone knows it's utterly ridiculous that the Headmaster even let him keep the title. His abuse of the position last year should have been enough to have it revoked. I tried to force my attention back to the Head Girl as she was speaking, but my breath ceased as silver eyes caught me staring. There was a hard glint in Draco's gaze as he stared me down until I turned my attention to gathering my belongings as the meeting ended. I wondered, if Draco had followed in his father's footsteps, then it's almost certain that he'd have taken the mark after his sixteenth birthday. Clearly fulfilling the role of prefect meant nothing to him, because his commitment as a Death Eater would have captured his entire attention. But if he had become a fully inducted follower of the Dark Lord, then why even bother coming back to Hogwarts at all? I could have mistaken it, but for a moment before he'd caught me looking, I could have sworn that I'd seen the face of someone that was desperately lost and fighting against a current that they didn't have the strength for. I saw the fear of someone so far out of their depth that they were certain that drowning was an inevitability. And it made me wonder, how far Draco's father had dragged him in with the Death Eaters and if the tide was pulling him farther out to sea than he'd ever intended to go. A thousand overhead candles spilled light from the Great Hall as I walked into dinner after my last class. Things were finally settling into routine after the hectic beginning of another school year. The warm yellow glow washed over me and filled me with a happiness that expelled the lingering stress of the Daily Prophet's news. Day after day came, where any update of the world outside of Hogwarts was sure to be grave as attacks and suspicious deaths became more common. I filled my plate as my friends carried on their conversation next to me, their chatter and laughter including everyone in the general vicinity. This kind of glowing joy was just the distraction that everyone needed after a long week of classes and it was encouraging to see that liveliness extended beyond our table. The next table over I could see a group of first years gossiping, friendships developing, and the Slytherins seemed less serious than normal. Even the likes of Malfoy and his surly companions couldn't deny the cheerful mood that settled over the Great Hall like a layer of golden honey. A handful of owls entered the room from high open windows to deliver letters that hadn't made it with the rest of the morning post. I hoped that none were tasked with providing more unwelcome news as I glanced around at the recipients. With my eyes drawn to him with the force of a strong summoning charm, I watched Draco accept a roll of parchment from the bird in front of him. Without opening the correspondence he discretely tucked it into the folds of his robe and continued with his meal. Either the letter was currently unimportant or a private affair that he'd rather leave for later, but as I finished my meal I was aware of the shift in mood that affected the angel haired boy. A dark mist seemed to radiate from his pocket containing the letter, enveloping Draco and extending out to those sitting closest to him. Each person subtly turned away to engage others in their conversation and he was left stewing in a determined melancholy. What could that letter have contained to cause a shadow of gloom to follow him for the rest of the evening until he left the chattering hall? Perhaps an update of his father's trial before it was splashed across the front page of next morning's paper? Or it may have carried sentiments from his mother, expressing loneliness at being isolated in the manor. Not that it's any of my business, but it is curious to see him shaken back into apathy when he'd finally allowed himself to feel happiness after a time of prolonged despair. Potions class with Slughorn had come as an ever welcome change from all the lessons that we had to endure with Professor Snape. A few weeks into the school year, I can't believe I actually started to look forward to spending time in the overly warm potions classroom. It was difficult work but thankfully Slughorn avoided making everyone feel their intelligence was equal to that of a troll. I held my breath as I checked the thermometer, and counted the drops of moondew as they hit the grey liquid in my cauldron. As the last one touched the surface, I quickly moved to stir the contents, which had taken on a silvery sheen. I exhaled as I confirmed with the text that I had achieved the desired result. "Wonderful work, Harry, m'boy!" My head whipped up from the instructions to see Slughorn's large frame looming over Harry's cauldron. Since the beginning of term, no one had been able to keep pace with Harry's performance in Potions, and the professor seemed enamored with the impressive display of talent. From around me, I could hear a few groans and grumbles from other students that were hoping to be on the receiving end of Slughorn's praise. From the next workstation over Malfoy scoffed at Slughorn's robust praise of Harry, and returned to completing his own potion. His lips moved silently reciting the text on the page before him. It was clear that his concentration was on trying to best his dark haired rival, as I recognized the same determined set of his jaw that he adopted on the Quidditch pitch in matches against Gryffindor. I couldn't quite place the last time I remembered seeing that spark of purpose in Malfoy. Since I'd been consciously aware of observing him on the train and during dinner several weeks prior, he had seemed to fade into the background among the other students. Not that I paid him much mind before but now it occurred to me that even sharing several classes and mealtimes with him, I only had vague memories of his presence since term started. A far cry from the attention he commanded just by entering a room in years previous. A new resolve seemed to burn in him, bringing with it a glow of youth that had disappeared in the last months. I could see evidence of the boy he used to be, the one that worked so hard to get under other's skin, fought relentlessly to be top of the class, and reveled in the awe that his last name used to inspire.