Hi everybody, my beta Elantil is fixing the story from chappie one. So, any new fans – Yey! You get to read the new and improved chapters. And any old fans, if you ever want to read this again, then here's a nice new one. I like the idea of chapter songs (something i only started doing in later chapters) so much i decided to go back and put one in for every chapter. I do not own Harry Potter. CHAPTER ONE Death "I'm so tired but I can't sleep Standin' on the edge of something much too deep It's funny how we feel so much but we cannot say a word We are screaming inside, but we can't be heard I'm so afraid to love you, but more afraid to lose Clinging to a past that doesn't let me choose But once there was a darkness, deep and endless night You gave me everything you had, oh you gave me light"- I will remember you ,Sarah Mclachlan It took Draco Malfoy almost seven years before he could finally admit he was in love with Hermione Granger. Now seven years later, at age twenty three, he was still hopelessly in love with Hermione Granger, if not more so. He watched her from afar as a red haired man held her hand and nuzzled her cheek. Why had he bothered to come? He had patrols, hunts, missions. The Dark Lord would probably scan his mind later when he realised Draco's absence. He should be practicing his Occlumency. Instead he watched as she married Ronald-bloody-Weasley? But he knew why. He couldn't bloody help it. 'I must be a masochist,' he thought gloomily. He'd polyjuiced himself as one of the guests; the real Mr Albert Nightingale had been stunned and left lying in some ditch with a few empty bottles as an explanation. He watched from just beyond a small crowd; the Weasleys had stupidly decided to hold the wedding in the Burrow's garden. As if the last Weasley wedding hadn't ended in complete disaster at the beginning of the war, they'd planned another one for right in the middle of the same bloody war. A hearty cheer went up from the guests of the party as the bride and groom, after being provoked by the cries of 'Kiss, Kiss, Kiss', complied. It hurt. It made his stomach churn to see Hermione Mudblood Weasley kiss her new husband. Although truthfully, he had stopped caring about her blood status long ago; even the word burned in his mouth. It had been in his seventh year, when he watched as his Aunt Bellatrix carved the word Mudblood into Hermione's flesh and he found himself wanting nothing more than to cast a Cruciatus on his dear demented Aunt. And it was because he hated seeing her hurt and screaming. Her blood wasn't dirty, it was the same colour as his own and the realisation shook him. The word 'Mudblood' was no longer associated with his supremacy, but with Hermione Granger writhing on the ground in her own blood and every time, the thought made him sick. Draco didn't know when he'd realised he loved her properly; he just saw her one day and knew. As sappy as it sounded, he had just found her in the library, chewing her pencil while surrounded by a mountain load of books and he found himself smiling. With all the added stress of the vanishing cabinet, she had looked so pretty and calm, then he suddenly knew. It seemed that the stress of his life at present overwhelmed his usual thoughts and finally revealed something he had been lying to himself about for years, but the realisation cost him dearly. Back then, in the library, only one thing came to mind when he finally acknowledged it: 'I am so fucked.' After that, he came to realise other things. He watched her in the hallway, taunted her for the chance to have her attention, but he not once revealed even an inkling of why he did it. Because he knew that he was already too far gone. She hated him too much, he was already too dark. If the Dark Lord ever found out his feelings, he would die in a heartbeat and then he would seek Hermione out and kill her too, for daring to seduce a Pureblood; as if being Harry Potter's friend wasn't already enough of a reason to want her dead, this made it worse. No one would ever know. This was the only thing he could do for her, protect her. But that didn't stop him from noticing things. Things he always knew but never admitted. Like the fact that although he always taunted her for having bushy hair, he actually rather liked it, as he did her big brown eyes and small face. He still thought her friendship speeches were irritating, but he liked that she was loyal. He still thought she was a know-it-all, but he liked that she was smart. He liked that she was kind, liked her bookish ways and her shy nature, and he liked how she could stand up for herself when she needed to. Even though she was a Gryffindor, and a Muggleborn, there were so many things that he both liked and admired about her, probably from the very beginning and he supposed that somewhere along the way, he had somehow fell in love. Fuck. He didn't know much more he could take, why the hell did he come? She broke the kiss and looked out towards the crowd, coincidently looking right in his direction. The wedding took place in the Weasley garden; it was a quiet affair, as he expected they were keeping a low profile due to the ongoing war. Seven years after he finished school and people were still dying left, right and centre. Draco was now a fully-fledged Death Eater; though he now regretted the day he had chosen willingly to serve the dark side. It wasn't selfless, Draco had just become fed up with war and wished Voldemort would hurry up and die, or Potter would hurry up and kill him. He had wanted to wait until this was all over. If Harry Potter defeated the Dark Lord, he would tell her he loved her, and try to make her feel the same. But now it was too late. Yet in a world of madness, Granger still found time to get married, he'd thought with a sneer. Jealous, he was actually jealous. How the mighty have fallen. But Hermione Weasley, nee Granger, made a beautiful bride. She wore a modest white dress that didn't reveal her breasts for the world to see and was long and easy to walk in. Practical, versatile and very much like her. She wore a goblin made tiara, nestled in her hair. Her usually bushy brown curls was tamed with Sleekeazy and tied up in a loose bun with some left hanging by her face, one tantalizing curl rested on the curve of one breast. Draco's heart sped up just looking at it. He cursed himself. Malfoys were supposed to have more control over themselves - they weren't supposed to be emotional. And yet he knew he had lost any choice in the matter long ago. If she knew, would she gloat? She would never know what she did to him; he wouldn't let her - for his pride and for hers. She'd never understand. Why the person who gave her so much grief as a child, who hunted down her friends and killed her parents as an adult; she would never understand why that person loved her, so he kept quiet and watched over her. As much as he wanted to just let her die, he found he couldn't. She was so beautiful. He didn't want to see her married to someone else. He wanted to dust his hands off of the matter. 'Well, that's it, she's hitched and gone, it was fun while it lasted, plenty more fish in the sea,' he wanted to think, but it wasn't that easy. He watched her glance in his direction to see him standing by a tree outside the crowd. She smiled politely before turning her attention back to her husband. Merlin, what that single smile did to him - he wanted to march over and yank her away from that red-haired idiot. It took all his willpower not to. Draco began to feel the Polyjuice potion losing its effect. With a sneer he turned and walked away without a word, leaving the sickeningly happy couple behind. He would find a secluded area to turn back and Apparate to the next point. Then suddenly the party was interrupted by one high pitched scream. Draco looked up into the sky as his blood froze. The Dark Mark. No. Not here, not now. Before he could even think, the person beside him was enveloped by a green light as she dropped dead. Death Eaters swarmed the party and what had started out as a wedding became an all-out battle. The wedding party consisted almost entirely of Order Members, but they were grossly outnumbered. But where was Hermione? Suddenly, he remembered. The raid, the raid on the Order. Draco hadn't paid proper attention in the meeting at the time, but did they mean today, now, on her wedding day? Of course they did. Why wasn't he surprised? He began searching for her, desperately watching out for a glimpse of bushy brown hair. He hoped Weasley had done the right thing and taken her away. But there were so many Death Eaters, forty to ten, and four of those ten were already dead. Then his foot met with something. Weasley. Dead. Killing curse. No. Where was Hermione? Draco dodged a hex from an Order member and redirected it with a killing curse. The curse killed both the Order member and the Death Eater behind him. Draco didn't care, they were in his way. Where was Hermione?! His heart hammered in his chest. She had to be alive, she had to be alive! He couldn't picture the possibility of her being dead. Not now. He dodged more curses. He stunned three and killed two. Where was Hermione? The Burrow was burning. More Death Eaters were pouring in. It seemed the Dark Lord had finally become tired of the Weasley's opposition; it was a planned massacre of the whole family, that's why they chose the wedding. Draco didn't care about the Weasleys. But Hermione was now a Weasley. She… Then he saw her. She'd fallen, and Blaise Zabini stood over her body. "Bloody Mudblood," he spat. Draco expected her to glare, to fight back, to show some of that Gryffindor courage he was so accustomed to. She didn't. She was dead. In a second, so was Zabini, with a killing curse from Draco's wand. He grabbed the body and Apparated away from the battlefield. Draco refused to believe she was dead. In the forest, he slumped to his knees, her body in his arms, her face pressed against his chest. He tried to turn her, but he couldn't. He needed to see her alive, but his body wouldn't obey. "Hermione," he whispered. "Granger, wake up!" he shook her, his eyes shut tight. "In case you haven't noticed, it's me, Draco Malfoy, remember me? Wake up and curse me already!" She did nothing. Still he refused to believe. "I'll turn you over to Voldemort," he warned, a complete lie, but he hoped it would be enough to arouse her. The feeling of panic grew, he shook her. "I killed your parents, wake up and kill me!" She said nothing. "I'll kiss you." Nothing. Finally, he pulled her away. Her face was grey, her eyes still open. Pain riddled across her face, probably from seeing the death of Weasley. She was so cold. She really was dead. Draco felt his throat burn, he choked. His eyes stung.