Chapter 1 Lily did not know what was going on yet, but she did know something was not quite right. As she continued to walk on the familiar path towards her home, she spotted their hideout just on the other side of the park. Had it always been so visible? Could passersby see them? Had everyone always known what he was? No, he was still the same boy, the same young vulnerable boy who had only known to expect hostility from everyone. But a pang in her heart reminded her that she had been a good friend to him. Always stood by him, listened to his painful accounts of his day at school or at home, fought for him and loved him more than all her friends. He was her best friend; he had been her first magical friend and the only one in Hogwarts whom she trusted blindly. For years she had made excuses for him even lied for him; hoping he would leave that behind, hoping that their friendship would be just as valuable to him as it was to her. As the familiar lump in her throat began to form, she tried to shift her focus from Severus Snape to the heavy shopping bag in her hand. She tried to focus on how her fingers were cold from unusually chilly August afternoon. She wanted to be rid of his memories, even the good ones. He was always there in her mind's eye; she could see him with his familiar plain expression. She knew a plain expression meant he was struggling with some strong feeling. She saw that more and more as they grew up. The unhappy kid who was wary of smiling did nothing but study and seek her out was now an expressionless teenager lurking in shady corridors of Hogwarts always looking guilty somehow. He must be suffering too! How could he not, after all he had lost a friend too that day. It was all she could do to not turn back and look for him. A surge of hatred boiled in her heart directed at that snobby Potter. Why did he always torment Sev like that? Why could he not just leave him alone? Oh! Why did he even attend school? Clearly he paid no attention in any of the classes and knew it all anyway judging by his grades. He should just stay in whatever fancy mansion he had and roll in galleons and get his little elves to fetch him tea and a pack of dungbombs to be set off in his lovely parents' room! As her anger died down, she admitted it wasn't exactly Potter's fault that Sev had called her a, well a, whatever! "Keep your freakiness to a minimum today Lily, Vernon is coming over" was Petunia's greeting as soon as she had opened the door to let Lily in. Lily sighed and murmured an assent before she headed into the Kitchen to unpack her shopping. She found the reason for Petunia's less than friendly greeting, she had a letter. It was about time; her Hogwarts letter should have arrived yesterday and she was dying to know her OWLS results. The letter however turned out to be from the ministry and went: Dear Miss Evans, In the light of recent events, the Ministry of Magic has decided to add security to families of Muggleborn students at Hogwarts especially the underage students. As such, please expect the following changes at your house: Your fireplace will be now connected to the Floo Network at the Ministry. In case of any suspicious activity, you are requested to Floo directly over to 'The Ministry of Magic.' An official will come over to explain further details at 03:00 PM on Thursday, 6 th of July. You are now allowed to perform magic in extenuating circumstances, but only defensive magic will be acceptable. Please find the list of curses that you are allowed to use in the addendum. Any other form of magic is punishable as usual. Your house will be placed under protective charms to hinder any wrongdoers. Another ministry official will be present at your house on Friday, 7 th July to perform these charms. You will be escorted to the Kings Cross station on 1 st September by the ministry officials. Further details will be sent nearer the time. We request you to explain these added security measures to your family. In case you have any further questions, please get in touch with: Arthera Filius Dearborn Secretary to Head of Underage Witches and Wizard Protection Ministry of Magic London We wish you a very good afternoon. Stay safe. Thank You, Arthera Dearborn The addendum was eight pages long and she didn't feel like going through them just yet. Lily knew that things were getting worse and she was aware that people like her were targeted almost every day. But she couldn't fathom why Voldemort would be interested in students. Didn't he have a ministry to overtake? How could killing off students at Hogwarts help? They were neither in his way nor causing him any trouble. Maybe Marley was right, maybe he had indeed started enjoying killing. Still it seemed like awful lot of work and of no consequence. It sounded like a waste of time for him and unfortunately Voldemort was anything but an idiot. She would have to ask the ministry official who would be coming in today. Today! Vernon! She had to let someone know. She walked into the hall to a conversation between her mum and Petunia, "…that's why they are coming over on a Thursday, so they can leave for vacation to New Zealand on Saturday. Gives them Friday to relax and finish packing…." "Thursday?" Lily blurted out, "Yes, honey, today, you know Vernon and his family is coming over" said her mother, looking at her as if she needed to be taught days of the week again. Lily was busy keeping herself from hyperventilating, today, ministry bloke Vernon, floo network. "Oh shite, mum!" "Language Lily, what are you doing?" Lily had taken off to write to the ministry; hopefully they can reschedule this whole meeting thing if her letter reached them in time. Her mum followed her, "What is it Lily? What are you doing running away like that?" "Mum, someone from the ministry is coming over today to fix Floo, please I have to let them know not to, not today, they can't, Vernon! Please mum let me just…" "Lily!" her mother cut her off. "He is very likely going to be family soon. Don't worry so much about it. Petunia, come in here darling, I have something to say to you." When Petunia did, her mother continued, "I have been thinking of something for a few days. After your father, I feel like…" Lily thinking she knew where this was going, cut her off, "Mum, no, please…". "No Lily," it was her turn to be cut off, "I cannot stand the thought of you two girls not being friends. It was your father's greatest wish that you two get along and love each other. He loved you both so much! After I am gone, it is just you two. We don't really have anyone else to be honest." Petunia stiffened, "Mum, please don't talk about him, I can't bear it." Petunia said almost defensively. It was one of those rare moments when Petunia-the-sister Lily loved showed herself. Lily wanted to hug her sister, tell her how sorry she was, how terribly sorry she was and they were in this together. "Oh honey! It kills me too, you know it does. We all loved him and we will always love him. Always…" "No, how can she! How could Lily possibly love him? She just left in a week! Mum you forget, please don't forget him not like Lily did." Lily could feel tears prickling at the corner of her eyes. She could feel the pain in her head and the twinge in her leg from that day. It felt like drowning, like water was seeping through her lungs and she was trying to keep herself afloat. "Pet, honey; you know that's not true. It is not Lily's fault." Turning to Lily she said, "You know that don't you darling? He would do it all over again if he had to and in the exact same way. Oh sweety! I love you, please don't cry, he wouldn't want it. He would have done that for both of you." Lily couldn't stand it any longer. She got up and left with a quick "I'll see you this evening." She didn't want to think about that day, when her father had died. She took the addendum out and started going through the spells. Finite Incantatem "Bombarda!" That was all she had heard before realizing that the roof was collapsing all around her. Her argument with Potter was forgotten, they took shelter under the stone table, hoping it would hold. That's when it had all started, in Hogsmeade last year. It was a usual Hogsmeade day for he Hogwarts students. Most of the students were in the three broomsticks. Until that day, war had seemed something that grown-ups would worry about. It had felt like they were children and the biggest problems in Lily Evans' life were her grades and her friends. Back in her room, Lily tried to calm herself enough to write the letter to the ministry. She pulled out a parchment and hastily scribbled a quick letter telling them that the meeting will have to be rescheduled, tied to Daisy's leg and sent her off hoping she would get there in time. She then went to her bed and opened the book that always got her into good mood. The list of spells wasn't helping. Herr Schumer's Comprehensive List of Defensive Potions might. Lily was keen on fighting the rise of dark arts and depended on her skills in potions and charms for that task. She was the only one in her year to master a Patronus Charm in her fifth year and she was quite chuffed about it. It was then that Dumbledore had called her to his office to discuss what she wanted to do with her life. He said he hoped she would not be afraid of using her talent. She had not understood then why anyone would not use their talents or why would they be afraid. As she turned the pages on her book, her mood slightly lifted and she was sure that Daisy had gotten to the ministry in time. Just as she was about to go get dressed for the day, she heard a loud bang downstairs followed by a screech. She jumped up and ran downstairs to see what the commotion was all about. Downstairs, she was greeted with a smoke of dust and haze. As the air cleared, she froze at the sight of what was clearly a wizard. Although he was dressed in smart suit, the wand in his hand gave him away. "Erm, hullo…my name is Fleamont Potter, er… yes that's an odd name, I see. Even among…er…I mean, not that I expected it to be any other way, but even so it is…" he trailed off. The three women were flabbergasted to say the least. He looked so worried that Lily tried to overcome her shock and held her hand out to him, "Hello, thank you for coming in today." She tried cheerfully, guess Daisy was detained, probably by a mouse or two. He looked somewhat relieved at her address, "Of course dear, err…I was told that you will be informed of my arrival. So sorry to just barge in just like that, the Ministry is still clamoring up to train us all to teach the Muggle ways of communication." Lily smiled up at him, in spite of the obvious trouble she was in, both at home and at the magical community Voldemort-wise she felt