Hi! I've been plagued by the worst case of writer's block:( GRRR... I will finish Not The Marrying Kind if it kills me! I went back to read some things I've written in the past for inspiration and found this little one-shot. It was a homework assignment for Project Team Beta's Smut University 2012. I hope you like it:) Homework- One of your couple is hiding something. The guilt is eating them alive. It leaks into everything, bleeds into what should be a moment of passion, of love. They try to lose themselves in the moment, the pleasure, but they can't. Extra credit: Write your lemon without the use of graphic words: cock, penis, vagina, hole, pussy, insert, etc. Try to write the act with emotion rather than play by play description. P.S. I bawled my eyes out while writing this. So…Tissue alert? Oh yeah and it's totally not betaed all mistakes are mine. A Future In Doubt "I'm sorry your suspicions were founded, Bella." All the air expelled from her lungs, and she hunched forward in the chair. She nodded her head slightly and pushed the horrible pictures away; the proof of her devastation too hard to look at for a moment longer. Standing up, Bella wiped away the inevitable tears and walked out of the office without saying anything more. Marcus tried to stop her, but she put her hand up to stop him. "I'll talk to you soon." She said weakly and stumbled into the hallway, using the last of her strength to push the button for the elevator. Each breath she took was harder than the last, and when the doors closed behind her, she collapsed. She pulled her knees up to her chest and wrapped her arms around them. Pushing her eyes into her kneecaps, she cried in sorrow. The dinging of the elevator at each floor as it fell the twenty-four stories punctuated the sobs. The elevator didn't stop once, and Bella was glad no one intruded on her grief. When the doors opened, she crawled to the door, pulled herself up on shaky legs, and staggered across the empty lobby. The intense heat hit her as she opened the building's door causing her to cough, weakening her even more. The parking space that had seemed so close when she arrived was now miles away—a hike across a fuming desert. She fumbled through her purse for her keys and opened the car door. Her head was swimming, and her hands were shaking from the horrifying news. Tears were still flowing from her eyes so she dug through her purse again for a tissue, tossing the contents out onto the passenger's seat. Her wallet flopped open and right on top was the strip of pictures she and Edward had taken in a photo booth two weeks before as they were walking out of the movie theatre. Clutching the pictures to her heart, she bawled some more. He was supposed to be her future. The phone rang next to her, but she didn't answer the call, or the many more that followed. She cried until the tears stopped, hoping at once for acceptance and bravery. Bella had to tell Edward that she knew. No matter how many times she tried to figure out how the right answer became buried in uncertainty. A knock on her window startled her out of her melancholy. It was Gianna, Marcus' receptionist. Her voice muffled through the glass. "Bella, are you okay?" Bella went to roll her window down, but realized she hadn't turned on the car and was sitting there baking in the sun. Glancing in the rear view mirror, she saw that along with her face being soaked with tears, sweat had wet her hairline and her neck. Her cheeks were as bright red as her eyes. She nodded shakily to Gianna, and turned the car on, cranking up the air conditioner as high as it would go and opened the window. "Can I call someone to come and get you?" Gianna was very concerned and thinking Marcus shouldn't have let her leave his office after the news she'd received. "No, I'm okay. I'll be okay." Bella's words offered little assurance to either of them. "Will someone be at home when you get there?" Gianna asked Bella. Gianna was used to seeing a stronger Bella, but the outcome of her appointment with Marcus had been more shocking than any of them expected, and after seeing Bella's face, Gianna was scared for her to be alone. "I'll call someone to meet me." Gianna rested her hand on top of Bella's and gave it a squeeze. "I'm really sorry, Bella." As tears fell again, Bella nodded to Gianna and rolled her window up. She took a deep breath and blinked away the remaining tears until she could see clearly. She drove home and was shocked when she pulled into her parking space. The drive had gone by in a blur. She had been on auto-pilot and didn't remember a thing even though she'd sat in traffic on the highway. Bella weakly stumbled up the stairs to her apartment. It was empty of everything but furniture. The boxes lining the wall in the living room. She opened one next to the kitchen counter and reached into it for a glass. The refrigerator had already been emptied and cleaned out, but she could still fill her glass from the dispenser. She took a large gulp of the ice cold water, hoping it would cool her overheated body. It splashed into her empty stomach and caused her to go into a coughing fit. She choked and coughed, and barely made it to the bathroom before she vomited. The pain in her chest was so great. Bella knew what was coming, this was only the beginning of the hurt. After seeing the pictures, Bella knew it was over. She had to say goodbye. Breaking up with Edward was going to destroy her, but she had no choice. Tears poured from her eyes. Bella and Edward had been together for seven years, through high school and college, and had finally become engaged four months ago. Today was supposed to have been her last day in her apartment. Everything was packed and ready for the movers to come and take her things to their new house across town. The wedding was scheduled for August, just three months away. A huge celebration was planned; people were coming from all over. She would have to start making calls to cancel everything. There would be no wedding. There would be no move. There was no future. Her stomach revolted again, and she hung over the toilet releasing some of her pain and sorrow. Edward pulled up to the house with flowers and a bottle of wine. He hadn't been able to reach Bella on her phone, and when he saw that she wasn't home yet he became worried. It was rare that she didn't answer his calls on the first ring, let alone ignore them completely. Something had been off with her the last week. Edward had worried that it was the move or the stress of the wedding, but as she always did, Bella soothed his concerns and assured him that wasn't the case. He set the flowers on the counter and changed his clothes before trying her cell again. No answer, just the voicemail. " If you've called me during business hours, I'm either with a client or on the other line. If not, I'm probably busy planning my perfect day. If this is Edward, I love you, baby, if it's anyone else, you know what to do." Beep "Bella, where are you? I thought you'd be home by now. Call me back." Edward ended the call and immediately dialed Bella's work. Bella's partner and best friend, Alice answered the phone. "Hi, Alice. Is Bella still there?" "Hi. No, she left at two. I think she had an appointment, but she didn't say where. I kinda thought she was meeting you." Edward had a sick feeling in his stomach. It wasn't like Bella to not tell him where she was going. "Okay, thanks, Alice. I'll try her cell again." He grabbed his keys and drove over to her apartment. He saw her car in the lot and should have been eased by knowing she was alright, but the pit in his stomach was growing by the second. He used his key to let himself in and heard her coughing in the bedroom. "Bella? Hello?" He started down the hallway and was met by her body slamming into his. He fell back against the wall and instinctively wrapped his arms around her, but before he could see her face, she kissed him. She yanked him closer to her by his hair and deepened the kiss. Edward noticed how frantic her motions were, but he didn't pull away. He tightened his arms around her and rubbed her back. Bella didn't break the kiss, she whispered against his lips. "Make love to me, Edward." Just one more time , she thought. Edward scooped her up in his arms and carried her to the bed, where he lay her down gently. Bella pulled her shirt off quickly and grabbed at his until he did the same. As he tossed it over his shoulder, he saw her red swollen eyes and started to pull away. "What's wrong?" The concern in his eyes almost made her cry again, but she swallowed the tears and shook her head, she began kissing his chest trying to distract him with her mouth. He put his hands on her shoulders to move her back, but she clung to him desperately. "Make love to me." She begged him again. Bella kicked off her jeans and reached for his waistband, glancing up at him. His eyes were so full of worry. She reached up to smooth away the lines it caused on his forehead and ran her hands over every one of his features, memorizing them. The bed dipped as she pulled him down over her. He knelt between her knees and lowered his head to her collarbone, kissing his way back up to her lips. Bella ran her hands through his hair, feeling the softness between her fingers and relishing the way his skin felt against hers. A sob escaped her, but she masked it with a fake moan, hoping he couldn't tell the difference. Why couldn't they have this forever? Bella arched against him, begging him for his touch. He fulfilled her silent wish and joined them together, body against body, heart against heart. They moved in harmony until she wanted more and began moving wildly, breaking their rhythm. Slowing her movements with the touch of his hand, he cupped the side of her face and kissed her trembling lips, tasting the salty moisture on them. Bella held on to his shoulders, her eyes clenched tightly. He pulled back knowing something wasn't right, but she frantically drew him back with cold hands against his waist and pressed her lips against his chest, rocking against him in desperation. She wanted to let go, a momentary release from her anguish, but she felt the pressure in her chest, and it distracted her. She wanted the moment to last forever, but there was no forever for them. Although they were connected as closely as two people could be, Edward couldn't help but feel the emotional chasm between them. Bella was lost in something that frightened him. He propped himself up on one elbow and gently rested his hand on the center of her chest, his thumb rubbing over her heart. His soothing touch broke her, and she lost it. Her arms fell limply onto the bed, her head rolling back on the pillow. No matter how hard Bella had tried to enjoy their moment together she couldn't. Each kiss he pressed against her had only enhanced the agony. Edward felt her