Summary: "Bella, I'll be honest with you. I'm not the marrying kind, and if you're looking for happily ever after you won't find it with me. Now if it's a good time you want—I'm your man." Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended. The plot belongs to the author. Not the Marrying Kind Chapter 1- First Date Isabella Swan hid her head in her arms. Her sister, Rosalie, was not going to let her be until she agreed to go on a date with her soon-to-be husband's brother. Rosalie was happily in love, and it had become her personal mission to match up all of her friends, so they could live in the same blissful state. "Oh, come on, Bella. It won't be that bad. It's not really a blind date. It's Edward, for goodness sake. You've met him before. You know he's good looking—not as gorgeous as his brother, but he's still nice to look at." She shrugged as if Emmett was obviously the better-looking brother, although Bella internally disagreed. "Edward is too…what's the word I'm looking for?" "Gorgeous? Hot? Sexy? Rich?" Rosalie interrupted. Bella shook her head. "No, I was thinking experienced. He'll expect me to fall into bed with him, and you know that's not going to happen." "I know, and I'll make sure Emmett warns him." Bella cut-off her well-meaning sister with a desperate voice. "Don't do that! Ugh—Rose, if you say that I'll be too embarrassed to even be on the same planet as him, let alone let him escort me at your wedding. Please don't tell him I'm a virgin." "So what if you are. It's only a big deal to you." Rosalie shrugged. She didn't even pretend to understand why her sister had waited so long. Sighing, Bella rubbed her forehead with the tips of her fingers. "I bet that's not true. If you told Edward I was a virgin I bet he'd run the other way." "So, you want him to try to get you in bed?" Bella groaned at the teasing tone in Rosalie's voice. "Okay, Rose, I'll go out with him, only once though, as a favor to you. I'll be his friend. I'll make nice, but don't go expecting us to live happily ever after. I'm looking for love, and you know, as well as I, Edward is not." She was right. Edward Cullen wasn't looking for love. He sat in his office finishing up the new contracts Emmett had put on his desk that morning. He looked at the clock on his computer. The day had gone by too quickly. It wasn't that he wasn't looking forward to his date with his brother's soon to be sister-in-law. He was. Bella was an amazingly beautiful girl, but his attraction to her sent uneasiness through him he didn't understand. She seemed to look right through him, and the many times they had been around each other she'd acted cool and uninterested. At Emmett and Rosalie's engagement party she'd brought along her college boyfriend, a buffoon who pawed at her delicate skin, mussed her smooth hair with his blubbering kisses, and then drunkenly fell in the pool while hitting on her mother. He'd looked on with disgust the whole time. A beauty such as her deserved someone who would love and treasure her; a husband who promised her the world and gave it to her on a silver platter. But he wasn't that person. Rosalie had been bugging him for months to ask Bella out when she came home from school and he finally agreed. But that didn't change anything. He knew he wasn't right for Bella. Edward had vowed a long time ago that he'd never make a promise to a woman he couldn't keep. He came from a long line of unfaithful men. His genetics proved he could never be a faithful husband no matter how he wished differently. His grandparents had divorced when his father was a child because of his grandfather's infidelity. His parents divorced when Edward was only three-years-old because his father had cheated on his mother, leaving her a bitter, unhappy woman who drank herself to death when he was fifteen. His father remarried when Edward was only five, and Edward adored his step-mother, Esme. She and his father had always put on a good show, but Edward knew they struggled. He often wondered if they hadn't been surprised by his younger sister, Alice's arrival when he and Emmett were in high school, if they'd still be together. His uncles, his cousins, all of them divorced because of infidelity, but even knowing this about himself he still couldn't resist the chance to have Bella in his bed. No promises. Just hot, steamy sex for as long as it lasted. She was young, and he was sure she'd enjoy the experience he could give her. He ran his hands through his hair and put away the boring contracts in front of him, deciding they looked good enough to pass off to the legal team on Monday. He got up from his desk at the headquarters of the offices of Fit Life Gym, a company he and his brother started from nothing, and walked across his expansive office to the sideboard where he kept a bottle of good Scotch. He splashed some into a glass and gulped it down without taking the time to savor it like it deserved. It probably wasn't a good idea, but he poured another shot before he entered the attached bathroom to get ready for his date. He wasn't nervous; he was just tense. It had been a busy couple of months since they'd merged with their leading competitor, and the time he'd spent at the office had put a crimp in his social life. While he gave himself a fresh shave, he thought back to the last time he had taken a woman out. He counted back to August. It had been five months since he'd slept with anyone. He thought about it as he wiped himself off with a towel; it had been right before the engagement party. His date for the party had gotten sick and he hadn't bothered to find someone else to join him. His dry spell could be blamed on the stress of the merger, but deep down Edward knew it was because of Bella. Even though their interactions were few and impersonal, he hadn't been able to get her out of his mind. Women he dated casually had called to entice him to take them out, but the memory of them was dim and uninspiring next to the fantasies he'd had of Bella. Her subtle beauty and cool reserve fascinated him. Many a night he had woken, hard as a rock, after dreaming of her. Thinking of the erotic dreams had him hardening in his pants. He laughed at himself and shook away the thoughts of touching her trying to calm his libido. He decided to use the car service that evening, not to be pretentious, but because finding a parking spot in downtown Seattle was a bitch. The drizzle that had started that morning was still falling from the clouds blanketing the city. He'd planned on taking her to dinner and drinks, and then finishing the night with some dancing. Edward gave the driver his direction and sat back as he was driven through the city to Emmett's condo. Emmett and Rosalie had moved in together shortly after their engagement. They had met a decade before when Rosalie was hired as a model for their new business' advertising campaign. She had traveled the paths of the rich and famous but always ended up in Emmett's arms. While Edward appreciated their commitment to one another, he knew it was just a matter of time before it ended badly like it did for all the men in his family. The doorman, familiar with him, let Edward up without calling ahead. He'd barely knocked on the door when Emmett answered and pulled him in. There was no one in the world like Emmett. Never would you meet a more likable guy. The face of Fit Life Gyms, Emmett was tall and built. "I hope you're ready for her." Emmett nodded down the hallway. "I caught a glimpse a couple of minutes ago, and ooh-la-la, she was looking hot." Emmett leaned closer to Edward's ears. "Rosalie even called in her hairstylist to do Bella's hair. She's done some growing up since you saw her last summer. You might not even recognize her." He paused and shook his head with a grin. "I have a feeling you're going to be in some serious trouble." Edward smiled at his brother. He'd been blown away by Bella at the engagement party, but every other time he'd seen her she was dressed casually and mostly make-up free. She was every inch as beautiful as her sister. Emmett poured Edward a drink and lifted his up in a toast. "To you and Bella, may you fall in love and live happily ever after." "Nice try, Em. You know that's not going to happen," Edward answered back sardonically, refusing to toast to Emmett's sentiment. "Come on. Give her a chance, Edward. She's a gem, and you'd be a fool to let her slip through your fingers." Edward nodded, knowing Emmett was right, but was determined to stand by his vows. Bella was the kind of girl who made him wish he could settle down, and he cursed himself again for agreeing to a date that would only haunt him later. Bella looked at herself in the mirror and was amazed by how different she looked. Rosalie's hairstylist was a genius. He'd taken her long straight hair and had stylishly cut it into long layers that framed her face and floated softly around her shoulders and down her back. He'd added subtle highlights, allowing the light to glint off her usually dull-looking brown hair, and then styled it into a loose, side-swept ponytail so her hair wouldn't detract from her dress. Rosalie did her make-up, transforming her from the fresh-faced girl everyone was used to seeing to the sexy woman who would turn heads the entire evening. Just adding to her new hairstyle and vamped up face, Bella was wearing a dress she had designed. It had been Bella and Rosalie's dream since they were little girls sketching at their kitchen table to someday have their own design house. Rosalie had graduated from FIT, the Fashion Institute of Technology, while she modeled in New York, and Bella had graduated from Parsons, a semester early, in December. She and Rosalie would be officially launching their fashion line in the fall after Rosalie came home from her honeymoon. The dress had arrived early with the shipment of samples they had received from the factory. She hadn't expected it, and when she tried it on she couldn't resist wearing it tonight. The short, black dress was deceptively modest, with a boat neckline that gave a tantalizing glimpse of her collarbones. The long sleeves brushed her wrists, and the delicate stitch work around her ribs highlighted her bust line. The dress fell to the middle of her thighs, and when paired with the sexy, scaled Louboutin peep-toe ankle boots, she was a knock-out. But the real magic happened when she turned around. The dress came over her shoulders and plunged into a deep V that ended only inches away from revealing too much. The jersey material of the dress was form fitting without clinging, and the inability to wear a bra added to the allure. When Bella walked out of the bathroom Rosalie could barely contain her glee and flopped back on Bella's bed, clutching a pillow over her mouth to muffle the sound. "Edward is going to shit himself when he sees you." "I certainly