Hi all, here´s another Teitho contest story to share with you. The theme was "Lest we forget". I hope you enjoy it - every review is welcome :-) For those of you still waiting for me to finish "Light My Path" - its´s slow going but I want to get this one right. It will take a little but I swear the story will get finished. No enjoy! Alina Rating : PG 13 Disclaimer: Not even close to mine  Timeline: Takes place TA 2949 when Aragorn is 18 years old Note: Not AU as such but I took some liberties Ghost Rider Dusk was falling. The world seemed to cower when the blanket of darkness slowly descended upon it, as if life itself was ducking its head in fear. Unearthly quiet befell the shrouded countryside. Nothing moved, not even the naked branches of the trees. Nothing and no-one was about but him. It was as it had been for centuries. He had returned, faithfully, as his night drew near. The rider had been travelling for so long that he could barely remember when he had begun. It hardly mattered. His trusty steed was steadily galloping along, her hooves eating away the road beneath them, beating in a steady yet frenzied rhythm that was mirrored by his heart. Lifting his head for the first time in hours, he saw the massive outline of the Misty Mountains slowly withdrawing into darkness. A thin smile graced the rider´s lips. If the object of his hatred meant to hide in the night it would help but little. Nothing would deter him from his task. Nothing ever had. Before him, a few specks of light littered the land where small dwellings marked the homes of scattered human families. The rider watched them with detached interest. He knew the lights would die before he reached them. They always did and he felt it to be appropriate. As he approached, a small cry of warning rose through the young night and the first light fell away, dropping into nothingness. A second followed, then a third. This was a night that no light could penetrate. It was a night of true darkness. XoXoXo The fire merrily crackled in the hearth and Estel leaned back in his chair, sighing in contentment. By the Valar, it was good to have a roof over his head again! His stretched out his booted feet towards the flames, hoping to soak up more warmth. He began to close his eyes but guiltily snapped them open again a mere heartbeat later. Stealthily, he turned in his comfortable seat and glanced back into the small tavern´s dining area. Ever since he had begun this journey he had felt that he was being followed. More than once, he had drawn his horse to a stop in the middle of a deserted road, listening to hoof-beats behind him that never came. And even now, safely before an inn´s fire, he could barely believe that he was truly alone. He allowed his gaze to travel over the weary faces that leaned over mugs of beer and bowls of steaming stew. There was not one face among them that looked even remotely elven. Estel wondered briefly whether his foster father would go so far as to employ humans to keep an eye on him but then dismissed the idea as paranoid. No, he was truly on his own and he revelled in the thought. A small part of him wondered whether he had taken advantage of the gloomy mood that seemed to befall Lord Elrond at this time of year, but then shook his head. No, his foster father had not come to his decision swiftly. With the twins and Glorfindel away on other business it had come naturally to Estel to plead that he could travel on his own, that he was ready. Even now, weeks later, Estel could still feel his foster father´s searching gaze on him, still heard the muttered "No, not ready yet…" as the elf had walked away from him. He had been certain then that his plan had failed. The thought of meeting Legolas here in the company of Imladris warriors had embarrassed him, but he had patiently waited for Lord Elrond´s decision. He had patiently hoped. Many days later, during a rather subdued breakfast that was shrouded by the fog the late winter´s morning had pushed into the hall, Elrond had finally spoken to him about his plans. "You may travel to Redhorn Pass alone, Estel," he had said, his voice grave, "but you are to take a horse to speed your journey. Take good care, ion-nîn." His piercing eyes had found Estel´s gaze and held it easily. "The roads are ever dangerous. Do not stray. Do not linger." And Estel had not. In truth, the journey had been rather miserable. Winter was reluctant to leave, and even though the worst of the cold had passed nature seemed to cling to the dark time of year with low clouds, biting winds and frequent rain. "Your food is ready, young master." The woman´s gentle words startled Estel but he smiled gratefully as he rose. To his delight the innkeeper´s wife had chosen the table closest to the fire for him, and he sank onto his chair still basked in warmth. "You are truly lucky to have arrived here before dusk fell, young master," the portly lady stated as she placed a bowl a deliciously smelling stew before him. "This is no time of year for youngsters to travel all by their lonesomes." She straightened, hands on her hips as she gazed down upon her guest. Estel smiled up at her, his spoon halfway to his mouth. He was starved for something warm to fill his belly, yet he could not forget his manners. He deemed it unfriendly not to reply, even though he had the sinking feeling that the lady of the house might prove to be as steadfast a safeguard as any Imladris guard could have been. "Aye, my lady," he replied, blushing slightly when the woman´s mouth quirked at being addressed thus, "I am truly grateful for the shelter of your good house." "And you should be," she replied, her smile truly motherly now, "for this night is best spent behind closed doors." She lowered her voice to a whisper. "Evil rides this night, young master. Better not even glance outside, let alone be there!" "Better not talk about it either, wife," a gruff voice interfered as the innkeeper stepped closer, a frown darkening his round features. "There are more guests waiting to be served." With a good-natured wink at Estel the woman walked away, leaving the young man to his food. Estel ate with more enthusiasm than he had in a long time, even though the meal could not rival what was eaten in Imladris. Many days of eating stale bread and dried meat in the cold would have turned even lesser fare into a king´s banquet, though, and Estel enjoyed himself silently. He felt a small twinge of guilt as he recalled that Legolas was still on the road, probably camping somewhere in the mountains right now with none but his horse for company. The young man took a look at his own company and mentally shook his head. Maybe a fiery elven steed would actually be more delightful to sit with. Despite the wife´s friendliness, the innkeeper looked grim and his guests barely spoke. Now that hunger no longer diverted his attention, Estel noted that the room was rather crowded for an inn at such a forlorn place. There were even children present, sleeping away on blankets laid out for them in the corners. Estel wondered whether these were all local people. Few travellers chose this time of year to cross the mountains, with winter barely a heartbeat away. Even Legolas had only decided to come this early because an errand for his father had taken him to Lothlórien and he had deemed it a waste of time to travel back to Mirkwood only to leave again a few weeks later. "Do you have a look-out?" one of the men asked all of a sudden, his voice loud and nervous. "It cannot be long now." "Aye," the innkeeper replied, "what fool do you take me for? The stabelboy´s in the upper rooms, far too scared for once to fall asleep on his task." Estel frowned at this. He had heard his share of spooky stories in the Hall of Fire, but never had he encountered a group of people so gravely caught up in one. His curiosity spiking, he signalled his new chaperon for some more ale and then asked in a quiet voice: "What danger should the boy warn us of, my lady?" He could see how the title warmed her, and she answered readily enough, even though she kept her gaze on her husband and her voice low. "It is a tale of old, young master. Passed on from generation to generation. And it´s not only us, mind you. Ask anyone along the pass road and they shall tell you just the same." Estel smiled encouragingly, and the woman smiled back as she continued, yet her eyes had grown dark with real fear. "At this night of year, with winter not quite gone and spring battling to break free, the ghost rider sweeps the land. He rides as if on a Balrog´s wings, his face white and drawn with hatred." She shuddered. "Never does he stop, never speak, never grant his steed a rest. People say that those who tried to stop him have turned to ashes on the spot, so much cold fire burns in his gaze." She took a deep breath, steadying herself. "Long we have found that darkness will keep us safe. When he comes, we douse all lights and allow him to pass. We acknowledge his need for darkness, we do not stand in his way, and with any luck, he takes winter with him into the mountains and spring is granted after his passing." She took another deep breath, and Estel was aware that every last shred of conversation had died down. Everyone was listening, even though they must know the tale. Even the innkeeper was silent, his look guarded. After a long pause one of the other guests spoke up. "People say that whenever a farmer fails to bow to darkness, his crops will whither and his animals die." "Aye," a woman agreed, "and one is best advised never to light the fires again too soon. During some years he tests us, tests our willingness to live in his darkness for a while. He will ride through not once but twice, always shrouded in the same haze of hatred and hurry." "Bad years, those are," an old man mumbled, "never there was any good when the ghost rider passed twice. Happened in my youth, and many had lit their homes already. Many deaths that year, and much sorrow." Heads nodded in consent, gazes dropping to the tables as each and every one followed their own thoughts. Estel frowned. He wondered what coincidence could keep such a tale alive. For surely, if the "ghost" failed to appear one year or more, memory of him would fade and his tale would join all those told for a pleasant shudder, but without real fear. The innkeeper´s wife laid a hand on Estel´s arm, alerting him once again to her presence. She still looked afraid, but there was something else in her gaze – a warm compassion that reached the young man´s heart. "Many have wondered what causes the ghost rider´s unrest," she said softly, "and the men will tell you that he was a traitor who aided the Dark Lord against his people and was therefore doomed for his sins. And still, amongst the women here, the story is told quite differently. Many believe that the ghost rider went out to save