Note: This story takes several elements of Tolkien´s writing and twists them around a little – therefore it can be considered AU. No beta reader has read this. I apologize for any mistakes left in there. Personal note: It has been many, many years since I published my last LOTR story so I´m pretty sure none of "my" old readers are still around but if you are – sorry for not completing my last story. Life got in the way, many things happened, but now the plot bunnies have picked up the chase again and I plan on writing stories whenever I have the time. I hope you keep enjoying them! Disclaimer: Not mine at all Of Kings and Boars "Where did it go?" Aragorn struggled to keep upright. His sword felt heavy after the long fight, its tip almost touching the ground even though he gripped the hilt with both hands. Blood dripped into his eyes, clouding his vision, and he impatiently shook his head to clear it. Now was not the time to give in to injury and fatigue, even though their foe seemed to have disappeared like a whisp of smoke amidst a roaring fire. Just like it had come, a great shadow springing at them from the depth of the underbrush. Had the trees of Firien Wood not whispered a warning to Legolas, both man and elf might very well have perished within the blink of an eye. Never in his life had Aragorn seen a boar this huge, nor one this aggressive. Not getting an answer, the ranger risked a quick glance behind him. Legolas was on his hands and knees, breathing heavily. He did not even try to get to his feet, but obviously sensed his friend´s stare for he answered in a low voice: "It is gone now. You wounded it badly." Aragorn turned his attention back towards the trees where he had seen the great beast last. "We both did", he replied. "By the Valar, it should have been dead moments after it came for us. Your second arrow caught it in the eye." He spoke just as quietly as his friend, the fabled forest living up to its reputation for keeping every visitor respectfully silent. "And your stab to its heart should have driven life straight out of it." The human sensed more than heard the elf gaining his bearings, lightly stepping beside him. An arrow, one of the elf´s last, was trained into the growing shadows. It wavered ever so slightly. For long moments, elf and man simply stood there and waited. Neither was willing to accept the sudden flight of a creature that had come far too close to killing them both. It had certainly managed to harm their horses, forcing them to send them away, and leave them barely on their feet. Very slowly, dusk began to settle around them and Aragorn felt his exhaustion battle the growing unease inside of him. He knew their seeming victory was treacherous, for darkness seldom favoured those who fought evil. The boar had seemed more than a mere beast to him, driven by an intense hatred that was usually reserved for men. Or elves, on occasion. "We should make for the trees", Legolas said quietly. "They will offer some protection until morning comes." The young ranger nodded his agreement, even though he was doubtful whether he could reach a branch high enough to keep him out of harm´s way. From what he had seen, he was not even sure his elven companion would fare any better. They had but little choice. Despite their injuries, both friends turned away from the site of their battle, slowly making their way into the even denser parts of the forest. It had been their plan to reach the Mering Stream this day and then follow it, but any thought of that was gone now. Aragorn allowed Legolas to take the lead. Now and again he would whistle a low tune that carried far into the still forest. There was no reply, no far-away neighing that told them their horses were near. Neither of them uttered their worry. Legolas had strapped his bow to his back once more and instead carried one of his knives at the ready. Even so, the ranger noticed how the elf kept placing a hand onto a tree´s trunk every few feet, though whether he did so to support himself or to converse with the tree he did not know. Very probably both. The battle had left Legolas´ back covered with deep gashes from the boar´s tusks, the blood soaking into his garments, turning them so dark they seemed almost black. Yet the elf did not seem to be bleeding heavily anymore, allowing Aragorn a little time before he needed to treat the injuries. Still lost in thoughts, the ranger´s foot caught on a root and he stumbled, barely catching himself. The sudden movement sent a bolt of lightning through his head, the pain intense enough for him to teeter along the edge of unconsciousness for what seemed like an eternity. When grey light returned to his vision and he could see the forest again, Legolas was at his side, supporting him. The elf kept his gaze trained at their surroundings, unwilling to be caught off-guard again, but his words were directed at his friend. "A fine pair we make tonight, Estel", he said not without mirth. "A woodlef and a ranger, stumbling though the forest with all the garce of a mumakil." Aragorn snorted with silent laughter. "I say we spare ourselves the continued embarrassement and make camp right here." He knew with certainty that his legs would not be able to carry him much farther, and as much support as Legolas gave him, he could feel slight tremors of exhaustion running through the elf as well. Legolas nodded, his eyes turned upwards as he searched the branches above them with practiced ease. He then chose an oak with a sturdy, wide trunk and branches that would hold both elf and human. Unfortunately, said branches only began prodruding from the tree a fair way up. "I am afraid I will not manage acrobatics like that tonight", the ranger confessed with a sigh. "You shall need to select a smaller tree for me." "I will do no such thing. " The elf lowered his friend to the ground and rather painfully collected a rope from his pack. "This oak will serve both of us well, for it says that it harboured an injured human once already, many winters ago. It seems eager to assist us, almost like it needs to make amends." The elf circled the tree, searching for the best route upwards. On a regular day he would have climbed it in a heartbeat, but this day he needed to make wise choices or risk further injury. When he finally did begin to climb, his footing was not as sound as it should have been and he slipped, needing several tries to reach the lowest limb. Still on the ground, Aragorn could hear the elf´s uncharacteristically heavy breathing and he watched his friend intently, his worry growing when the prince kept sitting still, as if he had fallen asleep from exhaustion. He was just about to call out when Legolas straightened and stood to his feet with an audible hiss of pain. "Maybe that lowest branch will do", the ranger said. "It will keep us off the ground at least." "Off the ground is not on a tree", Legolas scoffed, though his voice sounded strained. "Do not worry, my friend. Once I have found a secure place, I shall lower the rope and help you up." "My worry was not directed at myself", Aragorn muttered, even though that was only half the truth. He forced his attention away from the elf, whom he could hear far too easily, and instead watched the forest for any signs of danger. Not that he could have done much to defend himself. He now cursed himself for his foolish plan. It had been him who had persuaded Legolas to postpone their meeting with Lord Elrond´s twin sons who awaited them at the Gondorian border. He had been eager to visit the ancient Firien Wood, not for its whispering trees, which had certainly aided Legolas´ decision to come here, but for the Hill of Awe. Situated at the southeastern corner of the forest, it had once held the remains of king Elendil. Ever since hearing the story of Elendil´s first burial site, Aragorn had felt the urge to see it, to follow the great stones along the path that lead to the stariway. To set foot onto the stairs themselves and follow them to the summit, even though he knew that the fabled king´s remains where no longer there. That now all he would find would be one of the beacons that served as a reminder for Rohan´s oath of loyalty towards Gondor. Despite all this he sensed that this place would offer him a connection, slight as it may be, to the ancestor whose name he so often said with pride. "Estel!" Legolas´ voice finally drifted through the thick foilage. "Estel, do you hear me?" "Of course I do", the man replied. "It is about time you remembered about me, elf, for darkness falls and I yet await my opportunity to get to safety." In truth it was dark enough already to obscure almost anything from sight but the great oak in front of him. Instead of a reply, an elven rope rustled through the leaves and dangled only a few feet from the young man´s face. It glimmered lightly in the gloom. For a moment the ranger felt too tired to even get up. But then a gentle breeze brushed past his face. It was subtle, like a spiderweb´s touch, yet it seemed to strengthen his resolve. He wondered at the strangeness of this experience, but quickly brushed the thought aside. "Very well then", Aragorn muttered to himself. Truth be told, he did not look forward to a night in a tree, and even less to the climb that would get him there. Yet there was no choice for him and he did not intend to die down here. Painfully, he pulled himself to his feet and tied the rope beneath his arms. Looking up, he hesitated. Even the lowest branch looked frighteningly far up, especially knowing that Legolas would have to pull him upwards despite of his injuries. Planting one foot against the tree, Aragorn shook his head to himself. "We should not be doing it like this", he said. "I should stay down here for now and..." Before he could finish, there was a sharp pull on the rope and the ranger found his free foot in the air, his body tilting backwards. He quickly grabbed the rope to righten himself and tried to help, his feet searching for a foothold along the trunk. "Estel, daro!" /Estel , stop!/ came a rather pained command from above. "Alritho!" /Do not move quickly./ Cursing under his breath, Aragorn complied. He knew that any sudden movement would make pulling him up all the harder, but it was difficult to stay motionless when he heard the small sounds of pain from his friend. After what seemed to the ranger an impossibly long time, he finally reached the lowest branch and managed to take some of his weight off the rope. His struggle upwards became every so slightly easier afterwards. It almost felt as if the tree aided him, moving its branches beneath his feet and pushing him upwards. Even so, his heart raced and his head swam when he fianlly reached a forked branch below Legolas. Neither said a word, for both were out of breath and out of strength. Weakly, Aragorn patted the elf´s booted foot by way of thanks. Any further movement seemed inconceivable. For a while, Aragorn allowed himself to drift. The