Hi all! As promised, here´s my entry to the Teitho contest. I´m more than happy that it was voted into second place happy smile It´s devided into five parts but I decided to post the whole thing in one go. I hope you enjoy it! Please read and review, all comments are highly appreciated. Alina Rating : K+ Disclaimer : Not mine His Mother´s Son Part one Happy Hearts Elessar, king of Gondor, had never been happier. He felt blessed, fully and truly, as if the Valars´ light that had eluded him for so many years of doubt and indecision had now permanently settled upon his lifes path. It was late at night and the castle lay in deep sleep – or so it seemed. Aragorn chuckled fondly at the thought of the two friends he had just left arguing in the guest quarters. He was sure that elf and dwarf had not yet settled their dispute about the quality of dwarven literature. It had been a long fight for Gimli to even get Legolas to acknowledge the mere existence of such a thing, and tempers had still been high when the king had excused himself from the battlefield in order to keep his wife at least some company this night. It might seem strange to many that elf and dwarf showed their mutual affection by endless quarrels. Yet it warmed the king´s heart that his friends were clearly in no danger of running out of ammunition for their verbal battles. His footfalls almost mute of the polished marble floor, Aragorn approached the doors of the bedchamber he shared with Arwen and carefully eased himself inside. As it turned out his caution was in vain, for he found his wife sitting upon the side of the bed, her gentle face turned towards the window to bathe in Earendil´s light that streamed into the room like a stream of pure bliss. But then again, anything that so much as touched Arwen seemed to bloom into perfection in Elessar´s eyes. As the man approached a smile tugged at the queen´s lips and she spoke without turning. "Do I smell wine and pipe-weed on you, husband? Pray tell, which inn did you drink and frolic at this night? I should question the ladies there tomorrow to make sure no harm has come to my honor." "No harm shall ever befall your honor from my hands", Aragorn replied as he sat down beside his wife and placed a gentle kiss upon her bare shoulder. He matched Arwen´s mock seriousness when he continued: "Alas, my own reputation may have suffered fatal injury tonight. It seems that I have lost my ability to keep in check both elven wit and dwarvish boasting at the same time." Arwen turned to face her husband now and her pretence melted into a laugh that lit her eyes as well as her voice. "Ah, do not worry so, Estel. I shall protect you from any rumors, for I know enough about the Mirkwood prince to force him keep your failures secret. And as for Gimli, one smile of mine should do." "Noble saviour, you have my gratitude." Aragorn grinned as he leaned in for a long, deep kiss. He could feel his wife chuckle through his caress and could not help but join in, burying his face in silky dark hair to stifle his giggles. Arwen ran a gentle hand down her love´s back. "I have missed to see you like this", she whispered, real seriousness creeping into her tone, "I have missed the careless mirth that engulfs you now. It seems that Legolas and Gimli are as good for your spirit as they are bad for your reputation." Aragorn sighed and stretched out on the bed, not caring to undress. He pulled Arwen down at his side and she settled against him, her head resting on his chest. "Aye", he answered finally, "their visit refreshes my senses. It has been too long that I escaped my duties for even a day or two." "As I have been telling you for weeks", Arwen agreed wisely. "I am all the more happy that Faramir has agreed to take matters into his hands for the next week or so. Have you decided what to do with your freedom?" "Freedom?" Aragorn chuckled. "Faramir may grant me freedom from my royal duties and you may free me of those tiring tasks of a husband…" He drew a sharp breath when Arwens reaction to this insult came swiftly, yet he managed to keep his voice straight. "… but Eldarion has not at all set me free. On the contrary, he has ensnared my two best friends also. We shall try and satisfy his need for adventure by taking him for a ride tomorrow." "Then Gimli must have kept his devotion to our son since he last saw him two years back, or he would never mount a horse again on the first full day of his visit. Especially because his and Legolas journey was hampered by such foul weather." Aragorn could not help but laugh when he remembered the dwarf´s colourful curses that he liked to direct both at Arod and Legolas for being such a nuisance, not to mention a constant danger to his health. He had even blamed horse and elf for somehow conjuring up the rain that had plagued them. Turning his attention back to Arwen the king frowned slightly, for his wife shifted against him as if she felt uncomfortable. "What is it, meleth?" /love/ he asked tenderly, "are you well?" "I have never been better", she assured him, stilling her movements. "I am merely bothered by this constant noise. There is a horse in the stables that is restless, pounding his hooves against the wall. I can only assume that Arod objects to being imprisoned. We should remind the stable hands to let him go free from now on or I will never get rest while Legolas is here." Aragorn nodded his consent and listened intently, yet try as he might he could hear nothing but the soft rustling of wind that caressed the stone walls. Arwen chuckled into his chest. "You look just endearing when you concentrate so hard", she jested, "but do not forget that not all of my elven abilities have left me. My hearing still beats yours, human." Elessar smiled and nodded. Not too long ago such words would have hurt him, reminding him of the fate that his love had bestowed upon Arwen, but the supreme happiness that he felt from her had in time taken the edge off his worries. "Maybe I can drown that impatient horse by more soothing sounds?" he asked, and without awaiting a reply he began to sing. The words came naturally to him, taking him into an elven lullaby that sometimes still served to calm Eldarion. The man smiled through his song when he felt it take effect on his wife, too, and he gently held her as she slipped into dreams. For a long time afterwards he continued to sing, his sleeping love in his arms, while Earendil smiled down upon them both and the world continued to be a pool of endless happiness. Behind the bright star, however, a darkness loomed that Aragorn did not dare to look at too closely, for he feared that it might descend onto his soul one day if he did. 0x0x0 "Let´s do that again!" Eldarion´s excited shout was directed at Legolas. The boys cheeks were flushed from the wild ride he had just taken, his sturdy pony mysteriously beating Arod by just a hand´s breadth. The elf laughed and turned towards the dwarf sitting behind him, seeking his friends approval. Gimli´s face had taken on a pale green tinge beneath his beard, but he nodded bravely. "Of course, laddie! Go and race that elf again, you can never beat those pointy-ears often enough." "But Gimli", Eldarion objected, "I have beaten you, too!" "Hmpf", the dwarf grumbled, shifting uncomfortably on Arod´s bare back, "I cannot say you did that, young prince. I was merely along for the ride. My only task is to provide weight, so indeed I worked in your favour. That darn beast considers me nothing but a living saddlebag anyway, ignoring me whenever I try to command him." Legolas laughed again, shaking his head. "That may be because you holler at him instead of asking politely", he chided, "he might do you a favour once you learn to phrase your request as one should." "I don´t holler!" Gimli barked, causing Arods ears to twitch disapprovingly, "and besides, I shall not fall to my knees and beg in front of two princes and a king only to make a silly horse move his hooves!" "You have even tried that when you were free of a royal audience?" Legolas retorted with raised eyebrows. "Most intriguing. I never have to take such – embarrassing measures." "Of course not!" The dwarf´s face was no longer green but rather turning an interesting shade of red." You are in league with that four-legged wraith! You bribe him with carrots; I have seen you in the stables…" "Why do you not go and scout ahead, son?" Elessar asked across the argument. He could barely suppress the chuckle that threatened to rise from him, but he could tell Eldarion was getting impatient. "I have told you many times how important it is that a good scout secures the path. Just do not ride too far." "Of course not, ada!" Finally equipped with a task that suited his greatness, the seven-year-old pushed his little chestnut into a rapid gallop and raced across the plain, little specks of dirt littering the grass behind him. The pony´s blond mane and tail fluttered merrily while Eldarion expertly steered around the trees that sporadically rose from the flat grounds. The boys carefree laughter floated across the meadow upon the gentle breeze. "…then once you even whispered to him", Gimli accused, clearly on a roll, "and not a heartbeat later he tried to bite me." "Nonsense, it was your own folly to approach a horse while eating an apple – where is Eldarion?" Elf and dwarf fell silent when they finally realized they were no longer watched by the child. Aragorn could not help laughing out loud, earning himself pained glances from both of his friends. "You truly are a sight", the man panted amidst his laughter, "I cannot help but think of jesters that are not funny at all once the crowd turns its back." "We are always quarrelling", Gimli defended both himself and his friend, "an audience matters not. It is my quest in life to beat some sense into elven arrogance and alas, a mighty task it is." When no response was forthcoming, he nudged Legolas into the ribs none too gently. "Did you not hear me, elf? Elven arrogance?" Yet Legolas paid the dwarf no heed. His eyes were fixed on Eldarion who had by now gained a good distance to them. Towards the left of the plain the White Mountains rose, steep slopes marking the ascend of the massive rocks. The boy had steered closer towards the looming mass, he and his pony by now almost swallowed in its shadow. The trees grew slightly more dense towards the mountains yet the childs reddish pony could clearly be seen darting around their sturdy trunks. Aragorn had caught on to the change of mood more quickly than Gimli had, and he realized with growing dread that the elf sensed danger to his son. "Eldarion!" he yelled, "Come back here!" Even though he could see nothing amiss, his heart beat in his chest with a ferocity that threatened to shatter his very being. The boy turned on his pony and waved at his father but then disappeared amongst the trees once more, never slowing down. "E alasta chen!" /He does not hear you/ Legolas words had barely left his mouth