Hi everyone! No, I have not vanished from the face of the earth... I just found out that RL can really, really get in your way and that recovering from an illness can take so much longer than you would think. Now I´m finally back to writing - this is the first story in more than half a year. It was written for the Teitho challenge with the theme "If I Could Turn Back Time" and I´m happy to say it won :-) For those of you reading my story "Light My Path" - I´m working on it, but I have decided not to start posting again before the whole story is finished. That way there will be no further delays once I´ve started again. I promise you the story WILL be finished, just bear with me. But now on to this little tale. Feel free to review, every comment is appreciated. Alina Rating: PG 13 Timeline : TA 2948 – Aragorn is 15 in this tale. This is AU, Gilraen died along with Arathorn. I also took some further liberties concerning the death of Aragorn´s parents. Disclaimer: Nope, I own nothing at all Bridges Uncrossed The wind played through the leaves far above Aragorn´s head, dislodging the drops left there by a furious rain storm. ´ Even the trees are crying at my incompetence .´ The thought came unbidden and then drifted away in the stream of despair that engulfed the kneeling man. Mud soaked through the fabric of his leggings where his knees dug into the soft ground, yet he barely felt the cold that crept through his bones. Behind him, guttural voices unsettled the silence. Heavy footsteps hurried closer. Below these harbingers of dread there was another sound, far more subtle and still keenly registered by the man´s mind. A whimper only, but one that could mean the world to Middle Earth. Or the end of it. Aragorn glanced down at his left fist, saw raw fingers tighten across the hilt of his sword. Black blood mingled with his own on the resting blade. More would be added before this was over, before oblivion would finally erase the weight of failure that crushed his mind and heart. "Let them come", he whispered, defiance seeping into his tone, and he tightly smiled at his own stubbornness. The enemy drew near behind him. He could sense them stopping in the small clearing, obviously distraught by his stance. He rose to his feet, eyes still firmly trained upon the tree before him. A sharp bolt of pain shot through his shoulder but he ignored it as his attention was captured by a wavering image. For a breathless heartbeat he thought to glimpse something behind the massive trunk – not an endless darkness but the home he once knew, elegantly arched roofs gleaming in the light of the setting sun. Yet he had no right anymore to claim this vision as his own, and it faded even before he finally turned around to face his foes one last time. X-X-X The wind played through the leaves far above Estel´s head, yet instead of the soothing whisper he would usually hear within the sound, today it held nothing but mocking scorn. ´Even the trees are laughing at me´, he thought bitterly. But then again, who could blame them? They were in good and numerous company if they considered him a fool. The young man looked past the massive trunk at the sweeping buildings that lay beyond. For as long as he could remember the elegant refuge had been everything to him – home and haven, shelter and symbol for love and understanding. No longer so. If had ever been. He was such a fool. "Estel, what are you seeking on the ground?" a voice interrupted his contemplation. "Are you attempting to melt into the earth and thus escape my scrutiny?" Turning around, the young man found himself gazing up at a slightly bent figure who leaned heavily upon the staff he clutched in both hands. His grey beard swayed in the breeze, and to every casual observer he seemed like nothing but a weary wanderer. Estel, however, knew better. Nor was there anything casual about him. "Why are you looking for me, Gandalf?" he asked, making no move to rise. "Do you not have anything better to do than playing hide and seek?" The wizard drew his eyebrows together in a frown, but the twinkle in his eyes betrayed his amusement. "Such a game would be fruitless with a wizard", he replied, "for he never seeks. He only finds." Estel turned away from him, still sitting with his long legs folded upon the ground. "You could have fooled me", he replied. "I saw you following my false track only a short time ago." There was a rustling of garments and Estel could hardly mask his surprise when Gandalf lowered himself onto the floor by his side, letting out a content sigh as if he had settled into a cushioned chair. "The quick judgement of youth", the wizard sighed. "Tell me, how do you know I did not find something entirely different towards the south of Rivendell? As I intended to?" "You, amongst others, have always insisted I trust my instinct", the young man replied dryly, "and that instinct says there is nothing to find at the end of my false track but a small glade." "And a very pretty one at that", Gandalf agreed with a smile, "perfect for those who intend to find some peace of mind." They were silent for a long time then, watching the sun dip lower towards the curved roofs of Imladris. "Tell me", Gandalf finally spoke up, "what instinct lead you to disturb Lord Elrond´s private desk?" The young man did not look at the wizard, his eyes stoically locked on the peaceful sight before him. His grey eyes, however, were stormy and the stubborn set of his jaw spoke of his determination. "I knew he would not return for a long while", Estel finally explained. "His conversations with you tend to lead long into the night. Little did I know this time would be different." "Ah, yes. Not always does the lord of Imladris forget something of such importance that he needs to retrieve it." Gandalf drew his staff across his knees to sit more comfortably. There was no malice in his tone. "Your talents of observation are keen, yet you misjudged the element of surprise. It is there always, and those who ignore it will pay dearly." He allowed his words to sink in before continuing. "But even so, my presence only gave you the opportunity to do what was decided, I am sure, long before." "They all know!" The accusation erupted from Estel with fire, the setting sun coloring his eyes as he finally faced Gandalf. "Everybody does – Lord Elrond, his sons, you and everyone else. Everyone but me!" "We all know things that you do not", the wizard said mildly, "and yet I am sure that you have knowledge that escapes the rest of us ." "Stop shrouding your answers in riddles!" The young man had jumped to his feet and paced vigorously, his movements jerky from anger. "You know very well of what I speak. There is something about my past that is being kept from me." He glared down at Gandalf who had remained seated, his hands drawing absent-minded patterns across his staff. "I deserve to know what concerns me! I am no longer a child!" "That you are not." Estel found his gaze captured by Gandalf´s intense stare but he did not falter. Eventually, the wizard looked away to once more take in the view of Imladris. "There are bridges, Estel, that can only be crossed in one direction. One should consider carefully before setting a foot on one of them. The other side lies in fog, and once it is reached, there is no turning back." The young man opened his mouth for an impatient rebuke but was once again faced with the wizard´s keen eyes. This time the strength he met there made him drop his gaze at once and he thought for a moment. "You mean knowledge", he offered, " for once something is known it cannot be unlearned." "Aye." A slight smile played upon the wizard´s lips. "That is one of the bridges. Do you not believe that Lord Elrond kept you from it for a very good reason?" "A reason that was never given to me." The fire of anger, momentarily subdued, began to throw sparks once more. "Had I been brought to live with other humans I would be considered a man already, destined to make his own decisions. None would dare shroud my past from me! Yet I live amongst those who will forever see me as a child to be sheltered. No one asks whether I still seek protection." "Then it is not enough for you that some of the wisest beings in Middle Earth thought this secret was worth keeping?" The gentle question raised color to Estel´s cheeks, but his gaze did not waver. It remained hurt, demanding - strong. Gandalf rose slowly. "Very well then." He stepped closer to the young man. "Estel The Young to the Elves, Estel The Man to humans, if you so decide I will let you cross the bridge of knowledge. You will know what you might have found had Lord Elrond not returned early to take you from his study. You need only touch." A strong yet wrinkled hand was extended and Estel was momentarily taken aback. He looked at Gandalf, trying to find humor in the wizard´s eyes. There was none. Just a true offer wreathed by sadness. "You truly allow me to decide?" Estel found his hand faltering on its way to accept the offer. "If anyone should be given the freedom of choice, it is you. Use it wisely." Pushing past the insecurity that suddenly threatened to settle in his heart, Estel quickly grabbed Gandalf´s hand in a strong grasp. X-X-X The wind played through the leaves of a tree sheltering a small campground, and Estel found himself slowly floating amongst the rustling greens. Raindrops gently drummed the wooden branches and onto the sole tent that was placed beneath the tree. On their path down they passed right through Estel with the slightest brush against his being. He was there and yet he was not. He could feel himself and yet there was nothing to feel. Even so, his concentration was solely trained upon the small gathering of humans that moved about beneath him, oblivious to his presence. Men they were, roughly clothed and with voices equally harsh, and still there was a warmth to them that spoke of the trust and friendship that bound them. Estel strained to hear what they were speaking of, but he could not discern the words that washed past him like the gentle gurgling of a river. He willed himself closer to them, seeking out their sharp features. Their eyes seemed to hold wisdom beyond their visible years. Grey and stormy were all the eyes he encountered, and a sudden rush of understanding flooded through him. He had heard of them before, the Dúnedain, men of the North and now scattered despite their proud heritage. His heart leapt when he felt the truth rising from his soul. He was one of them, grey-eyed and long-limbed. ´That is the secret,´ his heart rejoiced. ´I do not fear this truth!´ He felt himself drifting upwards again, away from the scene, but then a gentle force held him back and a voice spoke in his ear. "The bridge is not yet half crossed, Estel." A warm grasp was suddenly felt upon his hand. "Do you wish to return? There is still time." Before Estel could even consider this offer a new sound reached his ears. It was so different that it immediately held his full attention,