Hi all! I am still super-busy and have no time whatsoever for writing (which is a painful state to be in!) but I decided to at least post this time´s Teitho story. The task was to write a story with the title "Blood of a Brother" and this is what I came up with. Thanks to San forediting - as always ;-) Have fun - and rest assured that at the beginning of July I will have time to write again! Alina Rating: K Disclaimer: Not mine The Blood of a Brother: The Valar´s Gift "Unfair. That´s what it is and always has been. Betrayed we were, all of us, for the Valar played a joke on us so cruel that not even the worst horde of orcs could have thought of a more evil torture for their prey. I am wrong, you tell me? I am a brute, incapable of tender feelings and forgiveness? You do not know my tale, nor my plight, or your judgement would not be so harsh. For all I have done there is a reason. I was the one who was betrayed. We were. We were laughed at by the Valar – by fate itself, for fate favours one and abandons the other and continues to be one thing only. Unfair." x x x One red droplet glistened upon the grey stone. It shone in the early morning light as if the sun itself had been caught within its confines and was now seeking freedom. Seeking attention. And attention it found when it was spotted by a lone wanderer who wearily sought his path along the rocks. The man crouched down and dipped one dirty finger into the fluid, bringing it to his lips and carefully tasting it. A frown appeared on the worry-worn forehead, and sharp blue eyes snapped up, seeking more traces upon the rocky cliff he was kneeling by. The sun rose higher with the progress of dawn, and as it did, it caught upon another fiery droplet. And then a third. And a fourth. A trail was laid out to watchful eyes, and a confused expression ghosted across the gaunt features. "Could it be that my cries did not fade into the heavens unheard?" The raspy voice was devoid of feeling, almost dreamy and lacking any need for an answer. Too long had there been nothing but silence. The man straightened and looked around himself. Uncertainty claiming him, he glanced over his shoulder to the small house that lay nestled between the rocks a good way below him. The man stared at the shaky wooden structure as if he hoped that his gaze could penetrate the walls and grant him a glimpse at the one who lay waiting within. "Only a little while longer", he breathed, and this time there was feeling in his voice – pain. Horrible pain as one could only endure for a mere heartbeat, or go utterly insane. "I swear, my sweet, I will be back soon. I will not abandon you as they did." His blue eyes glared at the heavens accusingly, but then looked back at the trail of blood that marked the cliff. "Only a little longer", he vowed, "for I will stop at nothing to bring you aid. Nothing." His decision seemed to grant sudden strength to the man, and he walked along the rocky wall with determination. He could see now that there were further droplets high up upon the stones as well as bloody handprints, and a pool seeping from beneath a few crumbled bushes that must have broken the fall of whoever had tumbled down the cliff. The man had seen this happen before, as the path that snaked along atop the stony ravine was treacherous. Yet this was different. There was no shattered body lying at his feet, no broken eyes reflecting the new-born sun. Instead, there as a red trail, leading the man along the rocks. No human could have survived this brutal stroke of fate. None of those cursed with mortal weakness could have. Only a favoured one might have escaped the claws of death. When his eyes finally found what they had been looking for, they widened in disbelief and subdued hope. Only a few feet away he could see a still frame curled against a rock. A curtain of long hair hid the creature´s face, but the slender hand that rested beside its head twitched ever so slightly, showing that there was life left in it. Very slowly, the man kneeled. With one hand he carefully lifted the dark hair over a bloodied shoulder, revealing a still elven face. The eyes were closed, and an expression of pain marred the elegant features. Blood flowed from a deep gash that ran across the fair being´s forehead. The man´s hand trembled when he touched the red liquid, allowing it to cover his palm. He dreamily rubbed it between his fingers. It felt warm and soft as silk. So precious. A thin smile began to form upon the human´s lips. It did so slowly, as if the corners of his mouth were unused to rising in such a fashion. "Is this your answer?" His gaze went upwards as if seeking those whom he had cried to in vain all night long. High upon the rocks he had pleaded for a sign, for an act of mercy that would set him free and restore his ragged soul. He had torn away from her bedside only to move closer to the Valar and throw himself at their feet. And now they had finally smiled upon him. They had taken their favour from one of the Firstborn and had granted it to him. To her. "Is this your gift?" There was no answer but the soft sigh of the wind that brushed past the rocks. Yet to the man´s ears, his prayers had finally been answered, and he would not waste the chance he had been given. The desperate measures he had prepared might not need use after all. x x x Aragorn got up slowly and stretched his long legs with a subdued groan. The night had been fresh, and the sun had only just begun to touch the horizon with its glowing fingers. Yet there was no time to be wasted. Certain wagers could only be won with persistence, and catching his younger brother in a playful hunt was certainly one of them. The ranger carefully rolled up his blanket and gathered his belongings with all the stealth he could muster. His eyes kept straying to the still elf that rested at the other side of the dying fire. A glint of mischief lit his eyes when the immortal did not stir. It had been long since he had managed to best one of his elven brothers. He was preciously close gaining a small victory over Elladan and considered the fact a good sign that he would finally win over Elrohir also. His side of the camp cleared, the young man silently opened his water skin and held his breath as he crept closer to the dark-haired elf. The immortal´s open eyes would have made any other human hesitate, but Aragorn was well-used to detecting the slight glaze that marked elven sleep, and he was secure in the knowledge that he had not been found out yet. It seemed to him that his elven brother was tense, as if his sleeping mind was occupied with a riddle from the past. Whatever was so interesting, it would soon vanish in a shower of fresh water. Ever so subtly, Aragorn sneaked closer and lifted the water skin, ready to empty it over the elf´s head. Yet before he could carry out his plan, a sudden shock went through Elladan´s body. The haze of sleep was ripped from his eyes with a flash and to be replaced by a look of utter shock that sent Aragorn reeling backwards in surprise. The human landed on his back with a dull thud, the water he had meant to wake the elf with splashing over his chest. But Aragorn hardly realized this and flung the water skin aside carelessly before struggling back to his feet and to the elf´s side. Elladan stared into the distance and his whole body had gone rigid as if in fright. He did not seem to recognize his human brother when Aragorn kneeled beside him, urgently calling his name over and over again. Despite his desperate wish to touch the elf and thus lead him back to the waking world, the ranger restrained himself. He might well do more damage than good by any rash actions. Instead, he forced his own fear out of his voice and began to speak softly, reassuringly. "Sidh, gwanur-nin." /Peace my brother./ "Aphado pith-nin a tirado Anor." /Follow my words and see the sun./ Elladan turned his head slightly to the side. Even though he faced east, the sun´s early rays drawn into the green irises of his eyes to make them glow, shivers wrecked his body. One hand slowly reached up and wandered across his forehead as if seeking contact with someone who had touched him there, but as soon as his fingers brushed his skin he winced as if in pain. "Uial tortho men." /Twilight rules us./ Words like wisps of fog, gone barely after they had been spoken. "Dúath anglenno." /Darkness approaches./ The despair that drenched the older twin´s voice crumbled Aragorn´s resolve and he pulled the elf into his arms, gently yet without further hesitation. "There is no darkness where I am." The ranger subconsciously tightened his grip, and surprisingly the elf did nothing to fight him. "Come to where I am and see the light. I beg you." No response was forthcoming, but Aragorn could feel the tension slowly leaving his brother´s body. His breathing suddenly quickened as if he was only just waking from a deep sleep, and then a slender hand wrapped itself around the ranger´s arm where it lay across his chest. "Estel? Are you well?" The question almost made Aragorn laugh, with relief as much as irony. "Aye", he replied, "but not for long if you insist on scaring me like this again. What did you..." He had no chance to finish his sentence when Elladan suddenly jerked from his loosened grasp and stood to his feet. The ranger was taken aback, even more so when the elf gasped and lost his balance, his right leg giving way. Aragorn had only just begun to rise as his brother faltered, and it took all of his considerable swiftness to catch Elladan and pull him upright again. "By the Valar, brother, what ails you!" All playfulness had gone from the human´s voice, and true anger was kindled when he was pushed back roughly. He reached for the elf´s arm to halt him, but Elladan had already turned to him. He had gone deathly pale, but there also was a firm set to his jaw that betrayed his resolve. "Elrohir." All that needed to be said was contained in that single word. Dreadful understanding washed over Aragorn with a gust of cold. He saw the pledge in the older twin´s eyes and replied to it with all that was needed. He bowed his head in acceptance and answered. "Elrohir." x x x Elrohir. So sweet a sound, even in its despair. A voice that was light and yet an anchor in his sea of pain. Elrohir. Promises shone through the word, and with them a ray of hope. The warm voice was a gift, delivered to him with no expectations and no demands. It was a gift of love that soothed his soul The familiar tone created a glimmer of light in the red haze of pain that scorched him. Pain that shot though his head with all the force of a dwarf´s axe, agony that burned within his right leg and leaked upwards from there to engulf