Hi all! I know, I know, second post in a day but this week is so busy that I just know I´ll forget to post if I don´t do this now. My thanks again to San for editing (and fast, too - sorry I was so late...) This story was written for the last Teitho contest. The challenge was to write a fairy tale, Middle Earth style. I have to warn you that this story is certainly weird. It is AU. It is OC in many ways. But it was also fun to write, and I hope you enjoy reading it. You have been warned. ;-) Alina Rating: PG 13 Disclaimer: Tolkien´s charaters are not mine. The fairy tale characters are not mine. Sorry for any damage done... :-) Once Upon a Darkened Water I. Welcome by the fireside Once upon a time, but not so long ago that none remembers, there was a little stream. Now, you might say that this is nothing special and not befitting the beginning of a tale, but - behold - this was no ordinary creek. For it had a voice, and a soul and a will to do terrible deeds only to free its evil spirit. It was bred to lure. Bred to deceive. Looking upon the waters you would not have known it was anything but gentle. Even more, it was a joyful display to see for it ran through a meadow laden with flowers, visited by birds from the skies and rabbits from the hills. Its spring was unknown, but had you searched for it you might have discovered it somewhere within the black heart of an evil wizard. But what you could see was pure and bright and happy, and it ran right towards a small forest close-by. Once again I hear you say - what is so special about it? There was a creek by a forest, why would that make us stay and listen? Why indeed, my friends? Because if your heart is stout enough to take this scare and your will strong enough to follow two heroes into the very heart of evil, you will prove a hero yourself. Is that not worth taking a risk? Is that not worth listening? But if you feel that this is too much to ask, turn away now. Go on, walk upon your path in life and the blessing of the Valar be with you. But pray and hope that it will never be you who walks across that bright meadow to hear the voice of the stream, for you will be unprepared to defend yourself against its evil. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - You are still here, I see. I bow my head to your courage, friends. Settle down now, listen and behold the dangers our Middle Earth holds hidden in the most unlikely places. II. Of Merchants and Princes One day not long ago, a group of merchants journeyed upon a dusty road. Weary they were, for it had been long since they had rested and their feet were heavy with the leagues they had travelled. One of them, a strong young man who had only just reached his prime, stopped to wipe the sweat of his brow. As fate would have it, his fellows passed him by as he stood, so none was next to him when he heard the sound. Merrily, merrily, merrily the water tumbled across smooth rocks. Lifting his head, the young man gazed towards the sound, and he felt the world brighten at the sight, for a beautiful meadow spread out by his side. Butterflies drifted upon a gentle breeze and a fawn grazed not far away. Had he been so blinded by weariness, he wondered, that he had not taken the time to behold the wonders the Valar had created for him to see? Merrily, merrily, merrily the water called out to him. It mumbled of cool refreshment, of strength for the weary. A smile spread across the man´s tanned face, and he was just about to set foot upon the flower-sprinkled grass when a wiry hand clasped his arm, holding him back. Startled, the young man looked upon the face of one of his older travelling companions who had come back for him. "Why, father", the youngster spoke, "do not keep me from finding my peace by that stream." "Evil are the waters that call out to us here", the elder man replied darkly, "and wise are those who do not harken their voice. Stay upon the road, boy, for only there you are safe." And the young man, brought up to obey his elders, bowed his head and followed with a heart heavy for the missed opportunities. On the company travelled, none of them approaching the stream. And once they were gone, the water´s voice changed. I have warned you before, my friends, that this stream had a voice, and it could do more than merrily, merrily, merrily jump upon the rocks. Seeing its mission failed, the happy tune faded and the water ran more swiftly, spraying forth its anger in angry hisses. The fawn that had been drinking peacefully mere heartbeats ago sprang away in sudden alarm, and none too early, for rocks now pierced the air, catapulted off their beds by pure fury. Not long did the display last though, and the stream calmed and fell back into its slumber that would only cease upon the arrival of its next possible victim. - - - - - - - - - - - - You might know that sometimes, when the Fates are in a mood to play and the Valar too occupied to truly keep them in check, life brings forth coincidences of the strangest manner. And so it came to pass that many days after the weary merchants, the dusty road was trodden once more, and this time it was Hope itself that travelled it. Hope for whom, you ask? For the evil stream or for the man about to be lured into its fangs? Patience, dear listeners, and you shall find out soon enough. - - - - - - - - - - - - As it was, two friends rode by the meadow on a sunny day. The light of the sun reflected off the golden hair of one and melted into the dark tresses of the other. They were different in appearance, race and age, yet brothers in heart, and their conversation was light as they easily rode along. The human of the two was Estel, or Hope in the tongue of man. He was barely eighteen summers old, and yet unawares that he would also be Strider, ranger of the North. He would be called Thorongil as he served were aid was needed. He would be Elessar once his time came to ascend the throne of Gondor. He would be a man of many names, but in his heart he would always be Aragorn, son of Arathorn, and Estel, Hope to all who loved him. His golden-haired elven companion would never be known by many names, for Legolas he was and would always be. Princes they were both, if unbeknownst to the human as of yet, and the waters awoke in excitement as they approached. They were perfect for the task. They would bring freedom at last! "You will enjoy meeting my brothers", the elven prince spoke just when they entered the stream´s realm, "for they do not yet know all of your pranks. They will be easier game for you than Elladan and Elrohir." Estel chuckled, a fond smile crossing his lips at the thought of his foster siblings. "A fine brother you are", he teased his friend, "delivering them to my mercy." The elf shrugged, turning his fair face into the sun to fully enjoy the gentle rays. "I mean nothing but to make you enjoy your stay in Mirkwood, friend." "Nay, selfish prince, you only seek to be safe of me while I am otherwise occupied." Estel laughed out loud now, and Legolas joined him for the pure joy of it. Merrily, merrily, merrily the water tumbled across smooth rocks. "Listen!" The young human abruptly halted his steed and gazed upon the meadow they were just crossing by. Being mounted upon his horse, he quickly made out the source of the sound and the joy doubled on his young features. "Look at this, Legolas! This stream looks wonderfully cool. We should halt here and re-freshen our horses." Merrily, merrily, merrily the water called out to him. "I do not see why we should stray from this place", the elf replied, gazing upon the scene before him in fond appreciation, "why, even the rabbits are out to play. Let us watch their games as we rest." Guiding his horse onto the flower-laden grass, Estel chuckled again. "You may do that, my dear friend, and tell the rabbits of their fortune, for my belly is still too full of lembas to hunt them." Taunting each other lightly, the two princes rode towards the stream, and as they did, the sky became bluer. The sun shone more brightly. Birds twittered merrily above them. Playful bunnies skipped around them in their games of catch, and peace itself seemed to dwell near. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Be fearful, my listeners, of a site so perfect, for perfection is reserved for the Valar only. Maybe not even for them. It certainly does not live here in our Middle Earth, were trust placed in appearances may well set you upon the path to your grave. You may accuse our two heroes of folly for they did not sense that what they saw was too perfect for them to see. Their respective youth may excuse them as well as their merry mood. Truth be told, the spirit in the waters had never seen a prey so easily lured, for the happiness he tried to make his victims feel was there already in these two. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - True to his word, Legolas slipped off his steed a few paces away from the water and lay within the soft grass, watching in amusement as the rabbits raced all around him. Estel, however, was bound for the stream. Dismounting his stallion and allowing him to graze the juicy grasses, the young man bent down to the waters. The stream was a clear blue, and its voice as it slid smoothly along the soft rocks that glistened in its bed was sweet as a maiden´s. Merrily, merrily, merrily I beg thee: Drink me. Drink me. Estel cocked his head in amazement at the perfect sound. "This water sings to me, Legolas", he called out to his friend, "and its music rhymes within my mind." Merrily, merrily, merrily I order thee: Drink me. Drink me. Suddenly, thirst burned brightly within him and Estel formed a bowl with his hands, sinking his hands into the soothing stream. The waters slipped across his fingers eagerly, as if it could not await being drunk. Cool caresses against his skin promised wonderful relief for his aching throat. Merrily, merrily, merrily I order thee: Drink me. Obey me. Free me. As Estel lifted his hands, unawares that not a single drop of water escaped from among his laced fingers, Legolas suddenly lifted his head. Subtly, his elven senses had caught on the change in the river´s song - but alas, he was too late. The human´s lips had touched the stream´s heart, and he drank greedily. I have marked to you already that this stream contained evil thoughts, and drinking from it might well mean devouring one´s own death. But, dear listeners, do not forget that this man was Estel,