Note: This story may be considered AU because of the close relationships that Aragorn has with Elrond and his sons and with Legolas. It was written for the Teitho challenge "Sickness" Disclaimer: Not mine Thanks to my beta Rachel for her helpful comments The Path of Memories An early dusk was descending upon the Last Homely House. Not only was autumn giving way to winter, but dark clowds drifted low above the treeline, beginning to lose a steady curtain of icy raindrops that promised to turn to snow soon. The wind, which had ripped colorful leaves off their branches for hours, picked up from the east, raising a howling voice. Seldom had the steady warm glow of light emanating from Imladris seemed more welcoming, for this was no evening for anyone to venture outside. Even so, a lone horse picked its way carefully down the steep trail that lead to the gates of Lord Elrond´s home. If it was in a hurry to reach shelter and food it did not let on. Rather, it walked with utmost care, as if afraid of unseating the still rider upon its back. The grey beast´s obvious concern seemed rather ill-placed, however, because the elf riding it sat straight with no slump to his shoulers, seemingly unaffected by the cold breeze that whipped strands of his blond hair in front of his face. He did not even wear his cloak, though it was securely fastened to the travelling pack behind him. A human would have had little chance of detecting horse and rider in this weather before they had reached the gates. The sentinels guarding Imladris, however, had easily spotted and identified both as soon as they turned down the path, sending a quick message to Lord Elrond and his sons. "It is about time", Aragorn called to his elven brothers while they readied their horses, planning to accompany their friend the short distance still left of his long journey. "He promised to be here before winter fell." "As did you", Elladan quipped with a grin, "and you arrived but three days ago." The human chuckeld. "Aye, but I rode through the gates under a blue sky with sunrays warming my back." "Stroke of luck", Elrohir chimed in. "Besides, if the two of you do not mount your horses soon, all we will be able to achieve is greeting the prince in the courtyard." "And miss the opportunity of berating him for forcing us out in this weather?"Aragorn grinned , easily jumping upon the back of his stallion. "Not likely, gwanur-nîn." Only moments later, the gates released three riders into the growing darkness. Their horses neighed with delight at this unexpected chance to stretch their legs before night settled in. Familar with the terrain, they easily galloped up the path. Argorn allowed his elven brothers to take the lead, unable to stop himself from smiling. He had to admit to the fact that Legolas´absence had worried him from the moment he had arrived home. They had gone their separate ways several months earlier in Rohan, but only after having agreed to spend the winter in Imladris together. Aragorn himself had arrived later than he had planned due to some distress in a village he had passed through. Therefore, he had been sure to arrive to the jibes of his friend. Gladly, he allowed his mind to busy itself planning some well-placed comments of his own. The rain had turned to sleet by then. The human squinted into the wind, certain that they should have reached Legolas already. Before him, the twins´ horses slowed , forcing his own steed to halt his steps and finally stop. Before them the massive bulk of Legolas´ horse emerged from the darkness. It went at a steady, slow pace, head bowed low against the wind, and failed to stop until it had practically walked into Elladan´s horse, who whinnied in protest. The grey´s head snapped up in obvious surprise. "By the Valar, Legolas! Are you planning to drive us off the path by ways of welcome?" Elrohir exclaimed, his voice mischieous rather than angry. Suspecting a jest himself, Aragorn raised his voice to call over the wind: "If you believe this will keep our complaints at bay you are gravely mistaken, mellon-nîn. Rest assured that it is only Lord Elrond´s insistence on suitable protocol that forced us to escort your highness home in such foul weather." He waited for a reply, but none was forthcoming. Elladan, who had been suspicously quiet througout his brothers comments, suddenly leant foreward and gently shook Legolas´ arm, saying a few quiet words that Aragorn failed to understand. Worry sliced through him with a more bitter cold than the wind, but then he heard Legolas reply. "Well-met, my friends." The wood-elf´s voice sounded slightly raspy. "It is good to see you, too." There was a short, slightly awkward pause before he continued.:"Well? Is it now custom in Imladris to stop visitors just outside the gates, having them admire shelter and warmth from afar?" "Only if the visitors try to ride right through their friendly escort first", Elrohir shot back. They laughed, strangely relieved, and made their was back sharing comfortable chatter. Aragorn joined in the light-hearted comversation, but a shadow of doubt lingered in his mind. Simply irgnoring his friends was not something Legolas would consider a suitable jest, that much he was sure of. Once they had passed through the gates, Elladan and Elrohir excused themselves, asking their human brother to take their horses to the stables. "We need to seek out father, who surely lays out healing supplies for the good prince as we speak", Elrohir explained. "He will be pleasantly surprised to hear that he has no need of them." Legolas, who had yet to dismount, snorted. "Seldom did I require your father´s help" he replied haughtily, "and today all I ask for is some food and warmth." With that, he steered his horse into the stables. Aragorn ushered the twins´ horses in ahead of his own, swiftly accommodating all three beasts. He then found Legolas rubbing down his grey stallion. The animal hungrily devoured every eatable fibre around him. To Aragorn´s eyes, it looked somewhat slimmer than it had during the summer. The same could be said about its rider. "Did you meet any trouble on the way here?"he asked cautiously, leaning against the stable door. He was careful to avoid looking at the elf directly. Legolas hated to be scrutenized. His answer was a tired chuckle that sounded haflway between amused and slightly annoyed. "Nay, my friend, I – do not recall anything being amiss on my journey. Apart from the weather, that is. It seems I picked a poor moment to cross the pass. " "It was perfectly fine when I crossed the mountains" Aragorn replied, strechting the truth somewhat. "Maybe you should have come a little earlier. What delayed you?" There was no reply. The man glanced over his shoulder. Legolas, his back to the door, had stopped rubbing down the stallion, that in turn had stopped eating. Instead, he had turned his head towards his master. Both seemed to be frozen for a moment, but then the horse gave Legolas a gentle nudge and the elf resumed his actions as if nothing had happened. Aragorn turned away, frowning, deciding to likewise ignore the little incident. Even elves could tire after a long journey, he reminded himself. "Well?" he asked, letting Legolas know that he still waited for an explanation. He sensed the prince turning his head to him, and after a minute he answered somewhat haltingly: "I decided to – visit a few places in Mirkwood that I had long not had the heart to go to." Aragorn nodded without really understanding but wisely kept himself from intruding fruther, for he sensed this might be difficult territory. Some things were best left to other days. The evening meal was a joyous affair. Legolas was a frequent visitor to Imladris and well-liked by its inhabitants. Even so, Aragorn sensed the Imladris elves behaving slightly differently than was their custom on such occasions. Instead of asking Legolas about his journey and affairs in Mirkwood, they largely entertained him with tales of their own. The human kept a close eye on his friend, still torn between a slight sense of forboding and the feeling that he was needlessly mothering a being far older than himself. To his relief, there seemed tob e nothing wrong with Legolas´ responses as he politely shared the others´ amusement. He seemed tired, aye, but that was no cause for worry. Earlier than usual Lord Elrond excused himself, giving Legolas the chance to retire as well. Aragorn stayed by the table, trying to shake his unease in the company of family and friends. Eventually, the fire in the hearth had dimmed to glowing embers and all that was left of the merry company was the human and his elven brothers. They had been sharing a comfortable silence for a while when Aragorn spoke up, his thoughts turning to their first meeting with Legolas this evening. "What did you say to Legolas up on the path, Elladan?" he asked the older twin. „You did not seem to share our happy mood." A quick glance passed between the twins. Belatedly the human realized that they had discussed this matter before, possibly when he had accompanied Legolas to the stables. "I was happy enough to see our friend" Elladan replied, "but he seemed – distant. I merely reminded him of our presence." The ranger raised an eyebrow. Elves hardly needed reminding of things that were right in front of their eyes. Elladan sensed his brother´s unease and shrugged with a smile. "Do not worry so, Estel. You should know that even elves need rest sometimes. I imagine that Legolas had a somewhat stressful journey and having entered our safe realm, he simply allowed himself some respite." After a few heartbeats Aragorn understood. "Do you mean he rode down that path asleep?" "Better than half-dead" Elrohir replied, seemingly as undisturbed as his brother. "I am sure he will share the reason for his exhaustion soon enough. Until then, let us be glad that we are all here and safe just this once." Estel leaned back, nodding, as he felt his own need for sleep settle down upon him like a weight. His brothers were right. It was rare indeed for all of them to be home unscathed and with no need to ride into new dangers soon. Why look for sorrows where there were none? Aragorn awoke the following morning to the sight of thickly drifting snowflakes in front of his window. He could not help but smile to himself. Tired or not, Legolas´ timing had been quite impeccable. In the corridor he heard the twins make a racket. They were laughing, talking loudly and not behaving like the elegant immortals that they really were – on occasion, at least. When the human emerged from his rooms refreshed and dressed for the day, he found his brothers sprawled on one of the sofas that were situated along the walls of the corridor. "Taking a rest from waking the dead?" Aragorn teased and nudged Elrohir aside to drop into the soft cushions at his side. "You certainly made enough noise to be heard even underground." The younger twin grinned wickedly. "It worked well enough on you, little brother. For everyone else there was little difference. Before we raised our lovely voices, your snores threatened to bring down the roof." "Aye, no wonder everyone else was up so early", Elladan chimed in. "Except for you and our sleeping prince, that is." There was a pregnant pause. Aragorn rose, defiantly defending his good mood with a grin. "It seems that there are some things best left to humans. There is none better to cause a racket that will truly rouse everyone within earshot." With that he marched off towards Legolas chambers. Behind