Peeta, 12: 17 AM "God damn it, woman!" "You son of a bitch! You fucking son of a bitch! You think—you think you can do this to me? You think you can get away with this?" "Alright, you don't like what I do for you, you can get the fuck out! I'll wait for you to get back, it won't take long. I know your fucking type, you're all the same!" I hear the front door slam, another screech of voices, and then the squeal of a car starting and then peeling away. I sigh, shaking my head. It's typical weekday background noise, really, the sound of Snow and his flavor-of-the-week girlfriend slinging meaningless, uncreative insults at each other. Right now, he's found himself a twenty-something redhead to bicker with, Lavinia. She's nice enough. I don't hate her the way I hate most of them, I really feel sorry for her more than anything. Too bad I probably won't ever see her again. As the sound of Lav's car fades down the street, I turn my attention to my backpack. I shove a few pairs of extra socks in the dirt-stained toes of my sneakers, then set them in the bottom of the bag. A couple pairs of jeans and a few t-shirts get stacked over them, and then a hoodie goes on top. My sketchbook gets slipped in the back, the one personal possession I can't bear to leave here. I've already turned my phone off and left it on the floor of my closet. Won't need it where I'm going. Actually, it would be really fucking dumb if I did bring it. Stuff like that is too easy to track, and I need to become invisible. There's another crash from the living room, a short six yards away from where I'm standing. I flinch out of instinct. The house isn't big and the walls are thin, so you can't hide from much here. Luckily, I'm not hiding, I'm leaving. After three years under this roof, I'm finally getting out. Finally, I pick up the foul-smelling, balled-up black sock from its current place on the bed, unfold the top, and look inside to see the creased green rolls of paper tucked inside. I take a deep breath and shove the sock under my hoodie, watching it disappear into the bag. I feel my stomach twist just thinking about it. If I lose anything else in here, it's fine. It's replaceable. If I lose that money sock, I'm screwed. I zip the bag up and throw the straps over my shoulders. I give myself a few extra seconds to take one last look around the room just to make sure I haven't left behind anything important, and then advance to the window. I trace my fingers along the edges, press my palms against the dividing portion. I push up, expecting it to slide open smoothly. Instead, my hands don't do anything. I shake the pane of the window, hearing it rattle, but there's no movement. It's fucking stuck. And I didn't bother to check beforehand. I try again, slap the glass in frustration, but it's stationary. Why the fuck didn't I check this out earlier? How the hell am I going to get out now? Damn it, damn it, damn- The sound of low, heavy footsteps echo down the hall, dangerously close to my door. I freeze, my hands frozen over the sticky, smudged glass. The door is locked and barricaded with my desk chair and a shit ton of textbooks. But if Snow wants that door down, he'll find a way, and I'm hoping I figure out my situation before he gets to that point. Please keep walking. Please just keep walking and go back to your room. Please be drunk enough that you're just going to drop off into a coma and I can leave. Please - The pounding echoes on my door, and not only have my pleas not come true, but I can't ignore the sound anymore. "What the fuck is goin' on in there? What're you breaking?" I turn, looking at the chair and the worthless cardboard- covered textbooks stacked against the door. They shake with each pound, just like my heart, and threaten to slip, just like my nerves. Fuck. There's another sharp pound, which makes the topmost book fall and hit the ground, opening up to reveal pages of trigonometry problems. "I said what're you breaking, boy? You think you can break my shit? You think it's yours or something? It's your room but my house, you understand?" Yeah, I understand, old man. The doorknob rattles, and I go back to pushing on the window frame. It gives slightly, squeaking sharply and inching upwards a couple centimeters. Thank God. The sound seems to get his attention and the pounding starts again. I hear another book fall behind me, and I flinch, pushing harder on the window. It's slowly cooperating, moving upwards ever-so-slightly, but at this rate, it's not going to open fast enough to beat the desperation of a drunk man in a rage. "What the hell are you doing, huh? What the hell you tryin' to hide from me?" I grind my teeth together and plant my feet a decent distance away from the window, my right foot in front of my left. I push all my weight into my hands, hear my sweaty palms squeak as they push. C'mon, you piece of shit, work with me here. Apparently insulting it is what it takes for the window to finally cooperate. With one last push, the window slides cleanly upwards, opening widely enough for the mugginess of the May air outside to hit my face. My eyes widen, and I almost can't believe it actual worked. I blink at the sight of the darkened yard stretching out in front of me, and from there are the identical yards of half a dozen neighbors, and then out of The Twelfth Sector neighborhood, into town…into freedom. "Well, shit," I breathe. I softly slap the side of the window in appreciation, "Nice job, buddy," I grip the frame of the window and swing my feet upwards to hit the sill. I run over my plan for jumping down the single story to the yard below, and then take my hands off the window frame and tuck them against my sides instead. I try to land with a smooth roll onto the ground, but one of my legs doesn't fold in fast enough and I end up digging one shoulder straight into the soft mulch of the ground as the right side of my face takes the brunt end of my fall. I grunt and sit up, groaning when I see several pale, crushed flowers around me. I've landed in the middle of Snow's rose garden. I feel a sharp pinch on my cheek and arm, and know immediately I'd gotten bitten by some of the thorns. I scramble back on my feet, and I sigh in relief at the pure silence behind me. Snow must have given up and gone to his room. Unfortunately, this new silence only amplifies the soft crunching below me, and I look down to see that the soles of my boots have crushed some of the plump white blooms from the garden. Oh, God, he's fucking neurotic about those roses. Good thing I won't be around to feel the sting of the punishment. But Lavinia might be there. Oh, Jesus, Lavinia. Please have the sense not to come back. At least not for a little while. Please don't let him hurt you because of me. After offering up my silent prayer to my guardian's girlfriend, I slip through the broken segment of Snow's chain link fence and tread through our next door neighbor's backyard. They have a pretty short, sorry-looking line of shrubs separating them from the next yard, and I clear it pretty easily. I make it down the row of poorly separated lawns pretty easily, and then a cramp rips through my side and I freeze. I keel over, pressing my hands to my knees, and take a shaky breath. I need to take a breath, that's all. Maybe some find some water. I should have grabbed water and food earlier. I need some hydration. I need calories. I need- Fuck, I need to find some transportation, that's what I need. The only safe place I can think to go to is my brother's house, but I can't exactly get there on foot, and I don't exactly trust the selection of drivers who would be willing to take a hitchhiker this late at night. Oh my God, I didn't think through any of this. I'm out of the house, in the middle of the night, with no plan and no supplies. Peeta, you fucking moron. I shuffle my feet, turning in a circle, looking up at the dirty exteriors of the surrounding houses, like they'll offer up some sort of answer. And shockingly, they do. I spot a slightly misshapen paper mache and yarn dream catcher hanging in the back window of the house in front of me, and I take a step closer, trying to ignore what an absolute stalker I am for looking into a stranger's bedroom. Only it's not a stranger's bedroom. I know who lives here. Kind of. And kind of knowing someone is as good as I'll get right now. Katniss, 12:34 AM I feel my body stir before I'm even aware I'm up. Or, kind of up. My eyes are still cemented shut, but I'm awake, my mind becoming aware of the weight of the quilt on my torso, my rattle of the ancient air-conditioner in the hall, Prim's breath in my ear as she lies next to me in our bed, her sleep as unshakable as ever. I lay there, in between dreaming and waking, for a solid two minutes before I realize the reason I'm even conscious before my alarm: there's a soft pounding somewhere behind my head, and I stir again, still barely awake, and peel my unwilling eyes open to investigate. I peer around the room, feeling the need to check things out despite the fact that the noise has disappeared. I glance at the discarded clothes on the floor, Prim's dance shoes in front of the closet, my textbooks piled high on my desk. It's a wreck, as much as you can expect from a shared bedroom with two teenage girls, but nothing's exactly out of the ordinary. I close my eyes again, convinced that whatever woke me up was more imagined than real, or if it was real, then it was just a tree branch brushing on the house, or some wild animal pounding through our yard. And then I hear it again. My eyes open, this time much more easily, and I sit up, scrubbing my hand over my face. Prim's slender arms are thrown over my torso and I carefully pull them off as I roll over and squint in the direction of the noise, the singular windows that looks out over the backyard. What I see makes my heart stop. A face. A human face. A human face that I recognize. I pull my legs over the edge of the bed, yanking the tangled bedsheets off my legs before I stumble over to the window, pushing Prim's homemade dream catcher out of the way as I open the window and stare at the boy standing outside. It takes me a minute to pinpoint exactly where I've seen those wild blonde curls and wide shoulders before, and then a name comes to me. Peeta Mellark. I've only seen him in passing before, sitting out in his yard as I passed by, or taking at the trash the same time I did on Monday nights. I'm pretty sure I only know his name because I'd introduced myself once, when he'd first moved in a few