I. Mr. Abernathy never passed back tests individually. He always just set a stack of them on the desks of the kids that sat in the front seats, and they passed them back to everyone else in their row. Peeta always thought that was kind of a dick move, since that meant that everyone's scores were on display to a few people. It was only made worse that the kids who happened to rule the front row in his algebra 2 class were assholes. Really smart assholes. Of course, Peeta also had the misfortune to have a front-of-the-row seat. He always tried really hard not to look at all the other scores, but getting an eyeful of scores and wrong answers every time ended up being inevitable. He pulled his test off the top and handed the rest of the stack to the girl who sat behind him, but he knew that his eyes had lingered too long on the test that belonged to her. Long enough to pick up details. Like how awful her handwriting was, small and cramped, with the letters blurring into each other. And that the entire front page of her test was covered in red marks, including a glaring 47 on the top. When the stack landed on her desk, he heard her sigh loudly. It wasn't a "disappointed, but whatever" sort of sigh. It was genuinely sad, slightly angry sigh. He turned around in his seat and looked back at her. It was the first time he had really seen her, even though they had been in this class together the whole year, and he tried not to look too long, but…she was pretty. Like, really pretty. Even when she was wearing a baggy black hoodie zipped up to her throat, had her hair falling over her eyes, and looked like she was close to tears. "Hey, don't worry about it," he whispered. Her head snapped up and she glared at him. Shit. This was none of his business. "I'm sorry," he quickly backpedaled, but her gaze was already softening, and she hung her head again. "It's okay. Just—this is the fourth test I've failed this quarter. I'm barely getting a C in this class," "Oh. I'm sorry," "You already said you're sorry, it's not even your fault," "I know—but, that sucks, it really does," His eyes flicked down to her paper, and he tried to read upside-down so he could decipher the name written on the line at the top, "Kat—Katniss, is it?" "Um, yeah," "Well, look, I don't want to get bother you or anything. Just—this is a tough class. I mean, I bombed a few tests at the beginning of the year, too. Just—let me know if I can help you, okay?" She craned her neck and looked at his paper, then shook her head, "You could stop wrecking the curve in this class," "Oh," he stumbled, for the first time in his life embarrassed over getting a 93. Who the hell was he to be telling her this class was hard? "I'm—I'm not even that smart, at least not compared to everyone else in this class. And—I, uh, studied a lot last week, I-" "Relax. I'm just messing with you," she laughed and then sighed and leaned back, shaking her head, "God, I don't belong in this class. I suck at math, anyways," "Why don't you drop down?" "I was supposed to be, but my guidance counselor wanted to me to 'reach for the stars'," she trilled her voice higher at the end and shook her head. "You have Ms. Trinket?" he asked, and she nodded, "That was a pretty good impression, actually," "Well, at least I'm good at something ," "Hey, I'm sure you're good at a lot of things," "Pass the tests back, please, the bell's about to ring!" Abernathy barked from the front of the room, "We'll go over these tomorrow," As Katniss handed the rest of the row's tests to Peeta, she whispered, "I'm really not at many things, you know," He shook his head, "Hey, you know how to get to the Smoothie King from here, right?" "Yeah, of course. Why?" "Because you're meeting me there after school today, and we're going to figure out what you're good at," She rolled her eyes, and for a minute he feared that he'd gone too far. Did she think he had asked her out? Okay, maybe he wouldn't mind if she thought he had, but wasn't that kind of a bad first impression to leave? The bell rang over the intercom, shrill and rattling, quickly accompanied by the sound of jabber from the students and chairs scraping against the floor as everyone pushed out their chairs and stood up. But underneath all the noise, Peeta could hear one small whisper. "I'd love to, Peeta," He hadn't even known that she knew his name. II. She wasn't answering his texts. With anyone else, that wouldn't bother him. But this was Katniss, and Katniss never left his texts unanswered for more than ten minutes. "Anything else can wait, my Peeta can't," she had once said when he asked her. It was a joke, but it still stirred something to hear her say that he was hers . And now she just wasn't picking up. He tried not to let it bother him, he really did. He put his phone on the corner of his desk and tried to focus on studying for his final the next day, but his next test was in psychology, and he knew it would be entirely multiple-choice questions over vocabulary he'd had memorized weeks ago. He tried to read a book, but he couldn't get past two paragraphs without picking up his phone, unlocking it, and then locking it again. He opened up his computer, but he'd already caught up on all the TV shows he had downloaded, and he didn't really feel like starting something else. Fuck it. He had a license now, he didn't have to sit around and wonder what she was doing. He could find out myself. He got up from his desk, grabbed his keys, and walked out of the house and to his car. He went through the fifteen-minute drive to her house in silence, knowing that music would just annoy him now. When he pulled up to her house, he parked in the empty driveway, knowing right away that her mom was probably at work. Not that she paid any attention to him when he was here. When she wasn't on shift at the hospital, she was locked in her office upstairs, working on her master's thesis. It was obvious why Katniss had learned to fend for herself over the years. When he got to the door, he knocked and waited. Nothing. He did it again. And then a third time. He even pressed on the doorbell, even though he knew it had been busted for months. Finally, he just opened the door and walked in. He froze as soon as he was inside. The house is chaos. It was always far from the organized, color-coded routine of his own house. It wasn't uncommon for the Everdeen woman to leave clothes on the carpet, or bowls in the sink for weeks, or for Katniss to find her history report tucked behind her little sister's bed. But currently, it was just a flat-out mess. There were papers all over the coffee table, and a few were being blown all over the floor by the manual fan in the corner, which is barely fixing the heat in the house. There were a random pieces of clothing strewn over the carpet, not just a few, but giant piles, and there was music blasting from upstairs, making the walls vibrate. Katniss was standing at the bottom of the steps in a gray tank top and a pair of cut-off shorts, loose hairs flying out of her braid. A plastic laundry basket was tucked under her arm and she was trying to scream over the music. "Prim! Prim! Turn that shit down! Jesus Christ!" she groaned in frustration and whipped away from the stairs. She met Peeta's eyes as she turned and she didn't even have time to look surprised before she snapped, "What the fuck are you doing here?" He felt like an idiot, standing there in her doorway, with no logical reason to explain exactly why he was here. Yeah, obviously it's some big fucking emergency . Or she was just too busy to pick up her damn phone, you moron, get over your damn hero complex. "I—you weren't answering my texts, I got worried," he sputtered, and she just shook her head. "I wasn't answering your fucking texts? Wow, I wonder why!" she slammed the basket on the laundry table that was set up in the hallway, right next to the doorway to the extra room where her mom kept the washer and dryer. She yanked a pair of jeans out and threw it inside the washer, "My mom fucking forgot see needed me to do laundry. So she told me to do it today. Today. I have a god damn pre calc final tomorrow, I don't have time to do everyone's fucking laundry, especially when my sister decides to throw in everything after one. Fucking. Wear. PRIM! TURN. THAT. DOWN." "Hey. Katniss. Stop for a minute, okay? I'm going to get you some water," He went into the kitchen and grabbed a glass from the overhead cabinet and quickly filled it with water from the tap. He came back into the room and handed it to her, then put a hand on her shoulder, "Sit down for a little bit, okay?" "No. I have to—" "Listen to me. It is one thirty in the afternoon. You have all day to do this, and study and rest. Okay? Now sit down. I need to run out to my car real quick," Katniss shrugged his shoulder away but still went over to couch and sat, taking a long sip of the water he'd brought her. Peeta went back out to his car and found his headphones—the nice, high-tech, professional-level quality ones he'd gotten for his seventeenth birthday—and took them back inside. He went back into the house, passing right by where Katniss was sitting, drinking water with her eyes closed, and went upstairs. He opened the door to Prim's room and poked his head in. Katniss's little sister was laying on her head, reading a magazine, and blasting some bubblegum boy band song off of her alarm clock speaker. She looked up when she heard the door open. "Peeta, God, knock, will you?" Peeta sighed, "Prim. Hey. Cut your sister some slack, today, okay? She's a little stressed out. If you want to destroy your hearing, at least use these," he tossed her the headphones and they landed on her pink and purple comforter, right in front of her. She picked them up and her eyes widened. "Wow, these are the ones that are better than Beats! Thanks!" "You're welcome. Consider them a loan until your sister's done with finals. Just promise you'll use them, okay?" "Yeah, I will," she quickly took her iPod off the speaker and plugged it into her newest acquisition, then pulled the headphones over her ears and went right back to her magazine. When Peeta went back downstairs, Katniss was sitting in the same spot, but she'd put the now-empty glass on the table and had her eyes open, although her head was planted firmly on the back of the couch. "I gave Prim my headphones, so hopefully that'll help with the noise," "Why the fuck did you give her those? She'll just break them," "Will you go with it if I say anything for a friend?" She grimaced and closed her eyes, "God, you're a sap. Well, thanks for the water and the noise control, but I really gotta get that load in," "No,